all right and guys this is super early
in the morning and I am heading out on
my trip to California to help support
Bryan Lanning in release of his second
album tonight such a cool experience so
what I get to be a part of it
just waiting on my line here
hey Dan my rides down
you got to get some refreshments before
we go and I'm going to get a Cinnabon
I'm going to get a Cinnabon here in
Logan a Cinnabon at the airport and then
when we land I'll get another one and
that'll have a heart attack by noon
maybe a good bit either day Jared and I
are here at the airport and we lucked
out we only ended up with 35 minutes
away on our flight put the gate right
next to us they're going on five hours
and eat amendment said check back at
noon it doesn't seem like any good news
if I sell so bad rongkhun a lot of no
military waiting to get home I think and
I felt bad but I'm not crying too much
about a 35-minute waves now we're
described below refreshments little grub
and we're going to just enjoy the next
little wait I am a little mushy like I
want to throw my face closer for Bonnie
sake I got so sick at one point I was
looking at my pillow thinking that when
I must throw up I'm going to throw up
right in my pillowcase and we leave it
was our camp somewhere I was supposed it
did you get sick it off I'm going to
turn a little bit we had a key dropper
that really like oh yeah yeah yeah oh I
cut the aquas had to ditch my hat
everything it was awful it was awful
I see I'm such a wuss was an old man 31
doesn't look good on me guy 31 does not
look good on me
Jared and I just got to our hotel and
this is this is a pre suite hotel room I
I'm grateful to Jared set the nice mood
for us you like the ambience that you
feel digs yeah the walls are purple and
this has a purple hue when all the stuff
clothes it feels a little bit purpley
but check out the view
like nice industrial building across the
way but still that's high up just feel
very tall Thanks we're on the higher
floor then then : I was on ten the tall
guy could stay on the lower floors today
all right Jared show me the dad your
outfit of the day so that was it
everywhere happen today so I'm wearing
these brown boots very nice with these
jeans and this purplish shimmery shimmer
the right word
I think shiny like I like shiny I need a
little bit better because I'm shiny I
don't know the rest word no matter it's
worth I like it I dig it up it I didn't
be up too high in sporting this is not
the outfit I actually picked down but I
so I can really a little more dressed up
so that's what I brought it this is the
Levi's with the cup that's Bonnie sing
and then my cardigan this is my
professor cardigan and then actually the
similar sure is Jared yeah we came not
knowing man we got me a shirt came down
we knew I mean we felt it it has to be
that way but it was coincidence
I love it so we're ready we're ready to
party we're gonna have a good time we're
gonna take this town
whatever color walk kind of is hello la
roll all is in California right now he
is having fun he's doing this thing with
Jared and Brian and what's the whole
release of Brian's second album which I
am so excited for them I'm so happy for
those guys when Joel gets home I'm going
on a girls trip
I'm going on a girls trip and I'm so
excited enough I'm not going to tell you
where I'm not answer you who maybe you
have some ideas but I have a few new
things to take with me this will give
you some clues
first thing I want to show you for my
girls trip is a few swimsuits from rad
swimwear so this is and I'm like look at
me build things yeah my butt large and I
need a big size okay
so these are the bottom they're
reversible and they're high-waisted I
wish they were more high-waisted I wish
they were even higher because you know
this is the top that goes with it
how chooses this top it's a peplum top
and so it'll kind of help hide the
muffin top you know what I mean I'm
excited about this and very cute very
cute on I was nervous because I thought
great it's not gonna look cute on my
body it really directed me to find some
tips I'm Buber picky and and that one
fits good if it's good I'm not going to
say it's like the most flattering on me
on my body it is but like it doesn't
have as much support as I would like but
it's still a very cute and flattering
swimsuit and then this is just a plain
black one but I think this top is really
pretty and I like the support in this
one I was happy with the support on the
top because mama needs our support in a
one-piece I've definitely liked it as a
one-piece pretty painting I love black
swimsuits your going to tell and I
really like the owners of red somewhere
I've met them before and they are
sweethearts and anyway um this is a top
from Albion fit and I have bought a few
things from Albion fit and I love their
stuff it is a tiny bit like pricey if
you're on a tight budget but I feel like
it's so much better to have one piece of
like one quality swimsuit over like a
bunch of cheap ones do you know what I
mean that's kind of like how I go buy
everything anyway this is a super cute
top and it's like flowy that's what I
like and it comes high so I don't have
cleavage showing everywhere and because
it comes up high whoo look at these
bottoms this is a high-waisted bottoms
to go with it so the
is just right this time I said again I
wish it was just a hair higher but
there's like a hole and then a bow
oh my bat looks totes cute in that one
and then I was a little bit surprised
that this fit well they suggested this
swimsuit for me and I thought um it kind
of is it is me I don't know like I
wasn't sure what I thought when you get
on much cuter than you would think and
then I also got this skirt that's a
swimsuit button but it's a skirt I wish
it was higher wasted but I thought I
could really use that and I'm excited
because I want to cover my legs just a
little bit anything I do have a coupon
code from Albion fit I don't get any
money from that so I'm not being like go
spend money there's like it when you
know it's they just gave it to me to
share with you guys I thought that was
really nice and then the next two things
that I want to show you these are not
specifically for my trip but definitely
gonna take them on my trip with me I
have discovered a new handbag brand kay
Blake is the brand and this is the bag I
love the color of this because gray I
just think goes well into summer fall
winter like it's just so cute I like
pairing it with black and I like pairing
it with like bright colors too so anyway
I got two handbags here this is a little
bit more of a small one I like the
texture and structure of this one a lot
because it's more firm and I like a firm
bag what I use my back for a lot is my
diaper bag which I know it's like people
I don't know it's kind of weird to have
a nicer bag as your diaper bag but
that's how I've always done it because
I'm hard on my bags so I need them to
lap my sister-in-law Emily was here when
we were opening these I was gonna wait
you like yes because I want to see like
what you think I was doing with my
cousin person okay I was trying to see
because I looked at so many different
ones and put ones that I actually pick
now why grandma
I mostly I would appear with my music oh
hello honey movie box and I want you to
run happening can you go on out what I
can have is really nice did I wanted you
to happen oh god I love that and look I
know it sounds a smaller one and I kind
of wanted a smaller one because like all
my bags are huge you do have the keys
done because I basically is my person it
does right for this one but this one
thank you that would be for like when I
don't have my kids looks like a day
night yeah this place the perfect date
and so far I'm trying to do I'm tonight
dollars open the question seriously just
like bundled up he doesn't walk there
yeah oh
yeah yeah I like these like that little
Kate I will sir and that was fun to have
her here so anyway
cute cute bags um they also gave me a
discount for you guys and I will leave
in the description again these are not
affiliate links like I don't get paid if
you guys buy them it's just there for
you guys because they were nice enough
to give me one so if you guys want to
check out those handbags go ahead and do
that I feel like I'm on the top of the
world right now we walked in and people
were so excited to see I think : Jerry
and I got to ride that wave in before
excited to see me with them I love this
this is amazing we are in the thick of
this market look at this guy's I'm here
to see my friends and all these guys are
my friends
I'm here to college ginger how are you
doing bud believe it or not we're
anything like a month
I know these dirty dogs been hell for
you for entire week right
oh I know I'm still happy we found you
guys how are you what's your name nice
to meet you Maya working on the blog
shoulder camera because we wanted to
have fun
hi Bobby
with the jewel and all of his dim
figures still this is Ryan and Missy
said Joe don't you know that stealing
all that all the fame and the thunder
and the glory
okay well let you get back to Bonnie and
Jules box one for you I've been really
wooden friend beard and they have to say
hi boy I was missing walk in the man of
the hour
my buddy Lonnie was here
well they make one of us not kidding
thank you thank you for this opportunity
the work is going on back here these dye
my hair these guys are making the gel
map we gotta meet him earlier
hi
all right Jared we are home please
please do not look at the time on the
clock that is accurate that's ridiculous
I can't believe it and we can't talk now
we've lost their voice from screaming
and yelling cheering on Brian cheering
on Brian yelling at the after party
because there's music so loud
that was a party and I feel like such an
old man I I'm too old for this I can't
even handle this anymore I'm an old man
we are gonna quit giving so all these
young kids around a good time we're like
just let me go to bed pillows are comfy
all I could think about was like I
should come home at like 9 o'clock and
just sleep as hard as I possibly could
not the case we are getting no sleep
we're going to get up early and head
home but it has been a real treat thank
you Brian for inviting us and letting us
come out and thank you guys for watching
and we will see you guys tomorrow
well California I'm gonna say goodbye
now my home but look at this beauty
beautiful sunny skies the day we leave
is this thing white get an event this
way it's a megabyte of California Jarrod
five beautiful weather I will see you
don't get three months History Month
