good morning you guys I am so excited to
do this video today I saw a few of the
my husband is my voiceover challenges
and I thought they were so funny and I
did not want Joel to be like I didn't
want him to hear other ones and him copy
them or doing identical so I have not
let you listen to any of the other
videos I just want to see how he
legitimately does at doing my voiceover
with all that being said I am ready to
dive into this video I am very excited
to see how it turns out so grab a snack
and for all of the products that I have
used in this video I will make sure to
link them in as a description below
because I have been using a lot of new
products that I am in Sinking love with
the concealer is my absolute favorite I
have never in my life used a concealer
better than this one it doesn't
accentuate the dry skin like everything
that I ever use accentuates the dry skin
this literally smooths it out wow that
was a lot okay all of the products I use
in the video will be this all of the
products I use I will make sure to leave
in the description so make sure you go
ahead and click on the link to check out
all those products hi guys welcome to my
tutorial today on a foot brown makeup on
my neck then I'm going to hitchhike I
will be using a pink sponge to put on my
brown makeup first I pretend I'm Picasso
and put makeup wherever I want
wherever the sole tells me then I put
polka dots who doesn't hug poke it up I
use a pink sponge not because it works
very well at all but because it feels
really good on my face it's soft and it
tickles and it is so fun to apply all my
makeup I even get a little out of hand
sometimes and my earring Joel's gonna
kill me these are his favorite earrings
I can't believe I did that
now I'm really mad spreading the makeup
will make me feel better now I use
tartar sauce
wait tart makeup it's not going to taste
very good so don't eat it and I like to
start at the top of my nose and pull it
down long and then go straight over
straight over and Marc Marc Marc
mark get really wild with it you can
never go too far with this stuff the
more you look like a quarterback the
better Alex Boye a would be proud look
at that paint and then I put a little
happy tree at the top of my forehead
just a little happy tree Simba then I go
back to dabbing with that paintbrush
again it doesn't do anything for
spreading the makeup but you'll just
love the way it feels you'll never stop
now the true makeup brush your finger
works better than anything else so I
spread it all over my eyes a little more
spreading this is Lara Mercer makeup
also known as spackling and I hate the
way this brush feels but this is the
only one that really works here's my
brown makeup and my brush from side to
side now I'm going to put a line right
across my face to my lips pretty lips
and I'm going to brush out all the
makeup that I've already put on keep
brushing keep brushing you don't want
any old makeup on get rid of it all
brush brush brush brush brush brush
brush keep going even around the face
get rid of all that old makeup take it
all off with this brush now I'm going to
use my mugshot makeup you put a line
right below your eye and this line is
the mugshot line they call it so when
you get your next mud shot have your
mugshot makeup on and put the line on
next I draw a little dot on my nose so I
look like Rudolph then a line going
straight down to it keep putting it on
put more on put more on then you're
going to grab your pink brush and wipe
it all the way wipe it all off you don't
like that you don't like that line wipe
it away twirling the brush is crucial to
makeup application but we're removing it
so keep brushing and removing all that
makeup off get it gone we want a clean
canvas we want it to be fresh and new go
back to that paint brush and keep
getting the rest off not all the makeups
gone yet I use brow Wiz pencils for the
eyebrows because not only they paint on
a nice eyebrow look how on fleek this
thing is keep painting that happy little
eyebrow keep painting that happy happy
little eyebrow but just a side note brow
Wiz pimples are also number two pencils
so go use it on any exam you've got
coming up make your eyebrows on fleek
and then get an A on that exam I like to
use gimme brow makeup
because I am gonna gimme some brows give
me some happy happy little brows real
fuzzy and happy I have no idea what
color that is she's pointing to and
she's going to keep repeatedly stroking
that eye that's got hurt I mean it's got
to be somewhat painful I think this
one's pretty
now she's poking her eye I don't know
what good that does or how she makes it
look so nice but that looks painful want
to see a magic trick
I made my makeup reappear after all is
said and done she is smokin look at her
makeup setting spray that's a scam she's
going to choke herself with that much
that's way too much of that to be used
see case in point now you got a fan and
blow-dry it all of that gon keep going
just keep going look at the final
product she is beautiful
who has two thumbs up and a YouTube
channel Bonnie holding like like you're
saying something they're like hey no I
just look you're like talking in flakes
I know I don't know just saying
something into the lake oh okay Beauty
Brad a Beauty Blender talking to the mic
I'm the most important thing here so why
are you smiling
Oh
No okay I think we got it
everybody ready nice job brushstroke
fresh table
