it is late in the afternoon and I told
y'all is that we are not starting to
blog until the kids get home from school
today because sometimes we get so much
footage of box in Lincoln because we're
so cute during the day that we don't get
a lot of footage of Olivia and Cody and
they're at school a lot so I wanted to
start the vlog with you guys kind of
like their after school routine type
feel no no I have a few people you
cannot go in and get thinking could she
literally watch you want to watch him on
my phone okay just a minute now we are
going to talk quietly because I don't
want the baby to wake up before you all
tell me anything
the very first thing that we have to do
is take care of this so Olivia and Cody
come here please
okay that is just fine but you have to
hang your stuff up gotta hang your
backpacks up and while and while you do
that yes I will get a snack and I want
you to tell me how your day was Mikey
was perfect Frank's bagpipes repeat oh I
see you said she would be nice anybody
know if you're not excused today like
you know where that can is not like
we're Korean yeah he was stepping on me
way thanks um he directed that drum
cicchitto something he's your friend and
sometimes he's not me I always like
Allison sometimes she's nice you know
I'm sure yeah my teacher asked about
your black marker yeah and found water
on each course
mm-hm yeah use it and for this 1000 G if
you could she's like Mount Olympus
because I saw her
yeah you should you guys took a white or
cheap scribble on AT&T and then she
tried to erase it
it was a chance winner gloves on and a
black on it I guess like what I told the
teacher so you're a rat okay look look
the first thing you kids have to do when
you come home is get your stuff away
right now
hang the call it up and even if it's not
yours see these are Lincoln's them
Boston's you can leave your shoes out
really not really right perfect
leave your shoes out but you got to lay
them up nicely so pick the boots up yep
so they warm up nicely
can you hang up that coat on the floor
we're gonna yes I know
please hang it up because we're going to
do homework and stuff first
we'll see how what that was okay are you
coming together and then Cody told me he
had something very special to show me oh
can you okay those were six of the
camera okay mr. ghost taste that I'm
stop talking t-shirt I wish my name
different yours my that one girl can you
wear me to put it I love that he had to
cross up this was it he loved his
whatever drinks he has he likes it
warmed in the microwave so that is what
mommy said did you know it was wrong
thank you I forgot I had to hide them
from the kids were you hiding it for me
this is our computer I think it was
supposed to come yesterday we go with it
all right
ring the doorbell no I'm a rebel to have
computer thank you you should throw down
on the ground I get Christmas morning oh
oh I gotta get some good music okay oh
my gosh girl music all I'm doing is I
look after toppers sing with me you know
no just open it only so pretty okay so
is the old one who you see all of us to
get spinach oh they all puffy
no this is what I like to see that's
what I like well and I know there's a
lot of people that are like I'm a PC guy
on a Mac
I don't care McIntosh just look at the
way they just do everything I mean
everything has a flavor we're not going
to get into this we're not going to get
into a look-see there's no debate
there's a good debate oh stop that
my brother is a PC guy and he want a
smart guy I know he could beat you up
you know what I do I do
thank you he could kill you what we're
going to attack me okay didn't he kill
you run over it
oh my god yes wow that was brutal
no my brother can you I don't know that
would be a very close one okay new
parent uncle we both learned from the
same wrestling coaches oh yeah did you
forget oh oh oh you pinched me wrong
okay so you you deserve a PC it's my
uncle's restaurant you still did Bo you
got wrestle here yes he got wrestle hmm
he's on the wrestling team and so is
daddy's old you and they were both on
the track team and foe and Joel got
kicked off the track team for trashing
the locker room like what we needed to
get our band instruments is become so
into breaking to school no no the
janitor would have let it in so we took
beat they can put it on the window a bit
I mean I think that was a very light
description of what happened but we were
just trying to get a band instrument
anyway they got kicked off the team they
got kicked off the track team after we
were told we were on the daily we check
for no might so one no bite nobody
nobody I know it's taking off
so you didn't pick on these you didn't
pick on these you didn't pick this one
kilo seven days without taking your skin
I'll let you have Melanie back
Oh
I'm over here playing in the snow with
the kids playing at the park enjoying
some good time with them and I was
thinking around on the plow just for fun
and I spelled something in the snow and
you tell me if you can see it in a
second hold on I'm gonna walk the length
of it
this is like a cheer I smell you can't
you can't even see it really but it's
like probably about five feet high it's
nothing but ice going over baby here you
can see what I spelled in the snow
pretty sick
um dinner was a crap show so we did not
show dinner but we are sitting here
discussing our plan our me and what did
you say your plan was just to do your
very best time
yeah we're just going to do seven days
we're going to do our very best and it's
11 days if you haven't picked your skin
you get your job back right okay and
you're okay with that as much as you can
be just like okay whispers that was a
really hard thing for Olivia that's
really she's really sad would not have
her baby with her it's weird that she's
of the age now where punishments are
real now there there has to be real
consequences for actions and I feel bad
my heart just goes out for but it's the
way it's got to be yeah so it's going to
be Olivia's going to finish up her
homework and then go to bed I am going
to end of the vlog what are you gonna do
kill hmm
packing my bag can you pay I'm so
excited I'm excited that I gotta pack my
new bag that Bonnie got me for Christmas
good I would be the fashionable person
in the airport I'm positive it's
critical bad and in such a cool bag so
stay tuned for tomorrow and we'll tell
you guys virtual sculling you'll be able
to see where he is going we're pretty
excited for you Joel tends to get
nervous in front of like especially new
people but Joel I will watch that you're
like a ver with Millie to go kind of are
totally oh yeah a rest do you feel like
you wish I was going with you I wish you
were going because then I feel more
comfortable doing that do anything you
like spicy deceiving okay we'll see you
guys tomorrow
enjoy the rest of your night your day
wherever you are
see you guys later bye guys
