you bring the ball to daddy came in done
you're on the ball
can you play catch with Lincoln throw
high by my house
Oh get it get it oh oh good it didn't go
down the stairs go get it he's become a
master of the stairs then he goes right
down them let's see thank you
thinkin ah there it goes down there you
go give it to me
sure okay yeah yeah I need gun hi you
made it
Lincoln you wake wave to Daddy yeah yeah
oh he's looking through the mirror I've
never been so nervous in my life I'm
going on a mandate today and he's here
he's good he's actually here good buddy
I was trippin on my tippy-toes because
you know we're short people we don't fit
up in that door problem yeah Jared I
just finished a wonderful five guys
burger Haut oh so good I can't believe
five guys to make that good of a burger
it only takes five guys to make a good
one of my so last be the five of them
decided on c6 I went back there right in
there somewhere
you're taking some poxy I always wanted
to try what I'm a little nervous because
this might be the last vlog to see of me
sick afterwards I don't know we may not
have we're going to go get a real hot
shave and even a haircut
and it's a little mandated for the day I
did not using the same sources like
professionals doing their job I wish
though I would have held out for like
three weeks thought it had more of a
beard to go in there but this to the
floor and will hold out forever I'm not
going to lie I'm feeling a little
overwhelmed I'm feeling a little
stressed
Wow with your gonna go everything right
now toppers like I want to like I don't
know like I want the house to be nice I
think I'm on and you were talking in
your house ready oh yeah of course you
might feel like nice lady but I think so
much work to keep it that way and I
think I'm just tired of doing it I mean
and I'll get over that I was one minute
but I thought you know I just need a
good time cleaning up so I'm going to
forget them it and I cleaned up a little
bit just enough to like cook in so that
I didn't feel like a hot mess and I'm
sure some people are going to like
whatever you but I feels like I don't
want to get ready I don't want to make a
team I don't want oh thanks I gotta say
look I'm not an again so I'm just going
to do a little cooking one choice for
you still think I put me in a better
mood and so you don't do this mode
you
I told myself to snap out of my little
funk I was in this morning I have a bowl
of soup for lunch and it was wonderful
I'm so happy that I have dinner out of
the way that's my favorite thing is to
make dinner at a very good time so it's
just ready so I've had this sitting on
my dresser for a while this is the
jewelry box that Joel had made for me
for Christmas and I just thought this
because this is my issue with my jewelry
I can't even believe I'm showing his
touch enough so this is where I keep my
jewelry and I had these boxes because I
wanted to be more organized but what
always happened is I don't like him in
the boxes I like them out where I can
see and so I thought I need something to
organize so that I can visually see it
so that's when I got this and now I'm
just trying to decide like what jeweler
arawa out what jewelry I want in here
and somehow I want to make it look nice
in there here I would really like to do
something really awesome in here but for
now I think this is really fine
I have had this in my closet for so that
is what Olivia painted for me and some
of these things like this is all just
like costume jewelry whatever but the
dish my grandma gave me when I was
really little I was really literally she
gave me that candy dish for Christmas
then I think Elliot Julie got me this
little jewelry box I was a dried flower
in it and I have always kept this little
ring set jewel got me this ring when we
were in high school and it needs to be
read it or something but I can't refuse
interchangeable balls and it was my
favorite I wore the hook out of that
anyway I just I like keeping it out so
just reminds me of us in our high school
love Dana note from my parents and I've
got my little handkerchief in here that
my dad gave me when I was in the
hospital having a baby I had a handful
of nice pieces and fun pieces that my
mom gave me things that she hadn't she
was
but I want to show you this little ring
right here this is a ring that Joel got
me after we graduated high school when I
was coming up to college there's a pink
sapphire and two little baby diamonds
and I believe they are in it's in white
gold I'm pretty positive it's in white
gold anyway Joel gave me this ring and
he told me that it was not an ordinary
promise ring he said that I had to
promise him that I would
he had me promise I would marry someone
that made me happy he didn't want me to
promise that I would wait for him while
he was on his mission and that I would
marry him he just wanted me to marry
someone that made me happy and I did
just that
I waited for 1208 as for his obscure
when Joe got off his mission and he
totally makes me happy that's something
that we were talking about last night
with all of us sisters we just thought
you know black losses in your plane with
some toys that made me laugh there is no
Boston Plus and stuff don't do that for
just a minute okay we just talked about
how grateful we were for our husbands
and even if your husband isn't perfect
and even if you are working through
issues and problems or whatever it is um
just treat them good if you treat your
husband like garbage he's going to act
like garbage you need to treat him like
the person you want him to be and I
don't know like that's a hard thing to
do I think sometimes like when you're
upset with them or you're annoyed if I'm
like no you don't to treat them good but
I expect you to treat me good when I
struggle and and and I try to do the
same for him like I try to treat him
good when he struggles and kind of not
having compassion on your spouse like
you're married to these people behind
everybody but especially your spouse and
your children and your family I think
sometime
and people don't get treated the way
they need to be treated in your family
like it's easy to mistreat your family
so anyway pretty positive that's Carrie
Underwood on are you guys tell me what
you think but I'm positive that Carrie
Underwood yeah not like her smells like
her and Jared knows Jerry knows her
since I just think that's it it's going
to be it worked Carrie Underwood people
now because we've been to her concert
why any bonding player should be able to
tell me
here's the after it is smoother than
I've ever had a shave in my life like it
is nice wow this is like I feel like
it's canned leather a little bit more
evenly good I think this is going to be
a new thing I think I'm coming back here
they're not all my hair cuts that flesh
shave every time we clean maybe we daily
how do we do this daily all right
I want honest answers what do you think
of the soup it's cold chilly but it's
more like a soup what do you think of
the soup okay do you love it or do you
think it's just okay kind of love it
kind of okay okay what do you think you
like it or do you hate it
are you kidding why do you hate it does
it hurt your mouth or do you think it
tastes gross
it tastes us anything move your fingers
right out of the way you want me to take
a picture of his alley so we can see
what it looked like he has a very common
he has a very bad canker sore can you
see that here you see that it's like you
like kinda he bit his lip when his mouth
was numb a little bit of snot coming out
of your nose you see that little spot
look second big alley doesn't it the
actual is worse yeah so he turns out he
actually really does want it my soup he
likes the sweet potatoes but he just
really didn't like eating the beans the
beans and stuff but he likes - sweet -
yes I wanted yeah my fluffy one I'm
helping him take some bites so that it
doesn't hurt his ally you're a big boy
and you like to eat on your own but
sometimes you like
mama help student make sure that it
doesn't hurt your ally to do my mom
drill capacity back door up teacher you
are sweetie that is my signature I am so
glad you like it
Olivia let me see Yugi every single bite
you don't make sure everything is gone
and then you can go right my hand right
here Olivia you make me happy is that
what we're supposed to here slips here
shake it up you gotta do it big do you
think that's a little easy yeah thank
you so much Ellie yeah thank you so much
whoo I love you
turns out that you'll will not be home
in time and I had no problems driving
all the kids with me to this meeting are
yeah whatever this is my appointment and
looking for my keys but then I
remembered my computer is coming
I have like two days to get it all the
way ready for um just like up and
running and ready before we have a huge
weekend you guys we have a huge weekend
for both fuel and ice coming up work on
my kids
um anyway and I need Jarrod's help I've
never set up a computer by myself he's
always been one to help me and he's
amazing and wonderful like that anyway
and I need to get that to him a track
and it's supposed to be delivered like
now like as I'm anyway so I have to have
someone sign for it and so I was like I
called a little baby sugars around my
area nobody could come over and so I
call it Ellie I'm like please can you
come over like we don't like to take
advantage of each other but we also like
to use each other so anyway she's
amazing and is watching the kids while I
run to this appointment and hopefully my
computer is delivered
okay Oh like few packages right on my
doorstep those are the packages left
just in case I don't want y'all to see
I'm going to see her anyway I I'm going
to call it a day with you guys I'll see
you tomorrow and I cannot wait to show
you and tell you what we're doing for
the big weekend and the things that I've
gotten for the weekend so stay tuned
love you guys bye okay cool cool how do
you think I'd never handle the camera
for outside for the sign like what it is
okay I was sitting in the taxi ting and
girl comes walking in I felt like like
Joel surprises me and does like fun
little things me old hours of gold don't
think for me all the time and you
walking in just so sweet now let's trust
you Joe has not oh good oh my gosh so
did he have a scene oh yeah okay oh good
it hurt like this done
I saw his hair and I'm like you put a
hat on you haven't wanted your hair and
then I'm like turn around and look at
your neck line stick your head up hit
him
I mean I guess that's okay like I just
feel like like if you combed the hairs
down like there's like a few little
hairs that are like hanging down right
here that I would never leave you be
nice the why we do yes I think it looks
pretty good it could be so much worse
but I was like oh I will cut your hair
from the residue training right now and
it's a fine thing if you pricey
did you have fun did you have fun
you do the column will feed you like
this all my okay I didn't take goodbye
to eyes like
okay let me let you so much goodbye oh
that's a good sign on here
