this morning bonnie and the kid are
watching one of our old favorite vlog
we'll put in the description and did you
see him plugging in here oh yes I watch
it this is like I am not acting that yet
I'm not reliving that situation design
what's funny is like this is Venus
happen to come across the blog last
night when we were editing she looks
exactly like handles just like wing
again same size oh you bought some of
the tiny got older and it was equivalent
if when this summer about midsummer
where he'll be is where Boston was when
this video happen pregnant
as promised Cody I'm going to tuck you
in you want to come sit over here so you
can lay your head down he woke up and
said he was so so tired misses then go
back to bed and he didn't want to do
that but I told him he could hold the
remote he's in charge of her amount and
we're going to tuck them in we're gonna
let you tucked in and also this is
strategic for me I need to get in the
shower and Joel is busy and so I'm going
to get these kids set up look at him sit
here and watch TV like he's such a TV
guy and he's gonna sit by you say say I
want you to sit by me oh here you go
we love you can you give me kisses nice
trying to give the camera kisses kisses
oh he's gonna know hey whoa look he
wants to give you a kiss look he's ready
yeah that was nice Lincoln can you give
the camera a kiss look great chip this
right here is what breaker oh look she's
going to kiss Cody love you Cody kisses
let him give you kisses Oh
Wow ring here look can you hit the
camera a kiss Lincoln look right here
yeah yes right now right here can you
give this no he's good
oh my gosh look at him he's playing oh
that good love look at those lips he is
like Kody you be nice you lucky dog
lucky dog kisses from this guy thank you
look at him he's like nothing happened
nothing happened look how small his
onesie is on them oh my Bunny's got a
hot date tonight with all of her sisters
as usual but it's for a good cause it's
for Ruby's birthday so that's fun so I
am here trying to get the car wash all
done and these guys are actually going
to do a full detail on the car I'm
pretty excited about it
you guys probably can't see it but
there's a huge mirror you see this
bourbon in it this place is cool this
carwash got bought out and which is
always a pretty good carwash you got
bought out by another car wash and now
they've redone all of it and it's
seriously like a light show watch as we
pull through here this is amazing
little bargain if you have to do it put
a dent there to broke math you're going
to pull around and come inside me five
man kids off
Bonnie you dress no I just want to make
sure you get some pants on
you got pants on you just hit your pants
on and they look good on it oh yeah
what's up boyfriend
you look pretty okay are you going out
this is the first time I've got makeup
on my chin for like a week hips off it's
so bad
younger ground what my jock look isn't
until Q index Amanda put a little
stretch oh and what did you find you my
new person sure did okay so we went and
wash the car and when I was at that very
end of the car wash there door came down
on our car
nice endurance yeah I'm not kidding
so it broke our antenna and it put a
little bit in it one that we can pop out
I know we don't know we I'm not popping
it out I already called Chevy and
they're getting ready for it so we just
kind of take it are you shooting me um I
wish I was I wish I was I call our soon
as I got out like the guy ran from the
door Oh can I got it up and lifted it up
and they say for sure anyway you can
kinda see a deflection in the roof there
not much but the antenna doesn't look
broke but the other side is like ripped
in half
no it's not no but it is obviously
there's a little damp right here and
then this is all cracked and broke oh I
know believe me I'm just like this is
brother what me what did the guy say
when you felt awful he's like I actually
ordered
brand-new door like a day ago and he's
like not here I shouldn't have had it
like working a lot it to insert yeah and
I don't want to bad-mouth them too much
because they really were nice being nice
doesn't keep my car from getting hit
though no no no there's no need to get
all hopped up about anything it is a
clean looking car though and we'll go
back for a car wash but it's nothing to
get the door fix right
I'm sitting in the suburban you can go
serious Joel is outside as we speak
drying off the rims of he car so it
doesn't splatter around and no joke
since the day we were married if I go
anywhere like if I go anywhere and he
knows I'm driving people are going to be
getting in my vehicle this is what he
does he wipes things up for me and I
know if he doesn't for his pride or
because he just wants it nice for me
probably a little bit of arthritis yeah
in LA I want it to look good for me but
I want Bonnie to feel good in her new
yeah we use so sweet to me that's just
legit that's not like nothing for the
camera it's like well you just want me
see if they don't see how much you
polish up my Geo Prizm make that
two-tone better slow nobody else puts
that kind of treatment I wanna see
anyone
more importantly than anything drive
safe don't be distracted with all the
girlies running around talking just
drive by hey thinking it's time for you
to go to bed time for you to go to
Venice they bye good bye good bye no
don't run to your sibling come here good
bye he said buy all your standby to
those side you stand by to everybody
downstairs come here okay can you get
your bottle there you go watch this this
is my favorite thing
it's also a Wars possible thing ever
because you can grab anything off the
counter now get your bottle get your
bottle okay Oh again I respect okay come
here look
no I'm vlogging whoo thank you hey we're
here at we're here at 8:00 tonight so we
are celebrating brizzy's birthday she's
the birthday girl all old are you
turning 35 buzz let me come her we're
talking about Barbra and my mom told us
that he actually taught my grandma a few
paint classes we drove up to Idaho one
time and did a class for her and then
she went down and to the club with them
is that cool anywhere we have Emily's
Ellie my mom and griffey myself and this
is the painting that we're going to be
doing tonight
super cute
for bed
here's your doggy love you likey where
do you think you bad Oh mom oh God thank
you buddy
I put it in your right hand okay
you are ready for bed that is the best
official symbol for him being a bit and
I know he shouldn't have a binky
probably or a bottle anymore
but he loves it and he's our last baby
so I don't care but I love this the
camera I love it because I just put him
to bed
bonnie is awake for the evening and I'm
going to text her and tell her to say
good night for Boston and she'll just
look in on every check on it
but I love that she can do that now and
I love it we can just check on him when
we're away even when we're out on dates
and he's being a baby setter why not
it's fun to do it I love it all right
you guys all that looks funny oh so
loyola kept on with that here is my
final one I'm not sure what I think of
this it's careful I like it and comes my
little painting anyway I think that's
going to be it for me for tonight we
have a long drive ahead of us so we'll
see you guys tomorrow
I guess happy birthday one down three to
go the other three kids should be
getting their jammies on and getting
ready for bed and I am going to enjoy my
night by watching the Indiana Jones
trilogy because Bonnie's away and she
hates those movies I'm going to join
your school movies that I like so if you
like this block give it a thumbs up and
we'll see you guys later
bye guys
