and in my name let me see I can't today
I want to buy that to Olivia maybe my
one for me and one for you
I gave anemia what are those capsules
sharp teeth that are taped to the face
he's making blots and some and Olivia
made a homegrown homemade less - looks
pretty good looks like Tom Selleck right
it looks like it's up there we go just a
little bit looks a good snowing glitter
you can see the light frost on the
driveway
how'd you get your first food in Wow
that's right and dad is going to try
skiing this time and I had to get some
boots and I don't know where Olivia's at
she's around here somewhere she's
probably giving ski lessons to somebody
somewhere
Olivia's game he knows how to do this
system Maps he's been here before and
after success he can video but he does
people may not know this in November I
really really pulled some ligament over
Thanksgiving break I was playing with
all my brother-in-law's and we were
definitely doing things they shouldn't
have done on the monkey bar and I landed
in it I thought I could spray knitted up
quite a cold ligament and actually
fractured a little bit of bone off the
back of mr. Spock is like we'll just see
what it does yes he put me on a break
and I put it on in the boo and that was
excruciating so I figure the boot is
probably strong enough and 30 and I did
this be my break for the day I'm
probably going to go into this and
about it but it was too painful with the
laces laces they really do that we're
going to try without and
like everybody made it everybody made it
even this guy even I made it
I was kidding years and I'm really happy
to start doing this again yeah I like
it's kind of fun here they have like you
know the bunny hills just right here in
front of the lodge and there's big
speakers so there's always been kind of
good tunes jamming everybody else here
is learning today was a perfect day to
come Olivia Olivia would you rather be
here at school code that was not a bad
first run at all you feel like you got
it you got to remember it okay okay
Olivia is like usual all the way up
there ahead of the pack I know if you
can even see her at all
flailing her arms I think she may have
just stopped the tram though she might
have bit that or had a hard time getting
off but she's already getting ahead of a
she she's doing good on turning and on
snow plowing and getting on and off the
list I think we're doing good
whoo let's see it
good job Dolly I'm so happy that we're
up here enjoying the recreation with the
kids and your hands feel sticky yeah
what's even better I got here I went to
buy the passes and those two are free
just because of the day I love it
very little jumpy a bag one
no no no no no no no no no
hi
we drink what do you want to eat bud
great chili cheese fry you like those
okay I'm sure a lot of people are
wondering when it's all going to do
starting time well class we're going to
do it right now
ah okay when I was in high school I was
the president of the snowboard club for
Ojai which me Jack diddly squat but a
mint I got season pass and all my
friends we got season passes like a
hundred dollars which are normally like
a thousand at Marks video resort anyway
I remember every Saturday me and my
buddies would pile into whoever car
their parents would let them take for
the weekend and then when we get home we
would always do it a lot of piece of pie
cafe any piece of their and Bonnie was
always working there and I remembered
even her a pretty good skip one time
something just dawned on me as I'm
sitting here doing the dishes I leave it
up on the cabinet and of course it
reminded me of all the comments and I
get all I can live you want your trip to
be on the counter though so dangerous
that's so unsanitary blah blah blah so
high I'm sitting here I come on the
counter look like I normally do and then
it dawned on me why I do that
no enough I remember getting in trouble
for sitting on the cabinet and generally
I do things just almost the same as I
and my parents said Gaia
I like Twitter is that it has proven to
be a good way of doing things not one
right way to do things but anyway my
point is that and what I do it so I do
it because it keeps the kids in one spot
like Lincoln would never call off this
counter Martha would do it and he
youngers like he knows he's not going
anywhere and I say right mind
I know who that means all offices at the
end of the counter because I don't want
my baby going off the edge of the
counter ok boxing no no man he's gonna
you know um it helps keep the kids to
find like he just stays right there in
the cabinet I cleaned everything off
someone wouldn't throw anything up and
he just this watch our next to me and I
love it he's I level with me he's right
here by me
and anyway I didn't interested to know
of it good up maybe my job to secret
Comintern saying I might don't like it I
know my dad will comment on your video
so dad what are your thoughts on my
tipsy on the counterfeiting if you don't
want to comment icon have to but if you
have something sick or later down the
world I make you a my coming yes I can
make you and my coming oh my goodness
reason in my grandpa grew and can grow
my tummy on occasion daddy grew and kids
mom son California later how are you
helping me huh Kevin talking to dishes
mmm you smell like a dirty diaper my
Chinese diaper okay homie chinga no
dirty diapers should we go
goodbye everybody
I didn't change not yet and by the way
Tony can behind that goodbye
he bought well I am pleased as punch the
kids have been doing laps all day they
are having fun and they're doing good
enough that I can even just leave them
on the bunny hill and play and ski with
each other that I can come up and become
of the real hill and I'm pretty excited
I'm a little nervous I'm not usually a
skier but I think I'm doing pretty well
but lat it I mean just take the damn
like this is this is my recreation right
now this is my day this is amazing
there's a huge jump down there oh this
guy's gonna hit it whoa we caught it
lady on the list like um how you like
being without pole like well when you're
a fear my caliber you don't need you can
dip it all on your own
oh ho ho I hope you guys appreciate this
ride I'm taking you on because you're
making it very difficult for people
balance shadow looks like I'm killing it
yeah
holy cow Jonny Moseley all over I'm sure
there's no possible way you guys can see
any of this but down by that little tree
where the tram is that little boy that's
Cody Clark and Olivia is down all the
way at a lift clear down there I cannot
believe it these kids are doing so good
okay turn it on okay turn it on and turn
it to normal don't go so cool okay all
of our chores are done for the day I
think Joel and then we'll be home in a
couple of hours we deserve Lincoln down
for his nap and so we are going to have
quiet time but guess what just happened
to us we went all the way to the store
with the kids got him a little treat and
I forgot my wallet
so we had to load up in the car come
home get my wallet
go back unload pay for her groceries
load back into the load back up in the
car and then come back home unloved and
put Lincoln down for a nap okay I am
ready for quiet time myself so we're
going to end our part of the vlog here
we'll leave you guys with a little
picture of Lincoln sleeping in this crib
oh you stand up
Hey holy cow Cavalli totally holy cow o
karna guard boo boo
that was amazing bud I couldn't be more
proud I'm the proudest dad alive I'm
pretty sure right now turn turn turn the
boss okay it's going to be slick look
hey okay oh no joke I just looked in my
bag and I am missing an item that I
bought what was your favorite part the
box rail writing so too was your
favorite part dolly not taking your
shoes off that always feels good at the
end of the day huh we are done skiing
for the day guys we are going to go home
and relax with Bonnie and Lincoln and
Boston and have a good night time huh
you guys say bye to everybody
ah
