yeah I know I kept lessons I teach it
was a pro there are seven steps to
become a line season you guys is Friday
night and Joel and I made a mistake I'm
telling the kids I could stay up and
play quietly in a bedroom they've been
in data rooms Olivia is no longer in her
room they are all in here they're in
there out there Julian back in a second
so the kids are in here playing and it's
cool and it is very cool they have a
Batman mask on here on top olivia has
her rope on here for the morning Mike
yeah your overnight bag so here's where
I'm Joe Cory Cory and Buster is asleep
on the bottom book I'm going to think
I'm a cop I hated Franco hates me I know
I you my job usually so underneath we
have walkie-talkies we have a Hulk and
stuff I and you apparently went through
an entire roll of tape and I add another
me now I don't want the news oddities
like your eyes so itchy we have a stop
sign and a rubber band gun Chucky's and
a mini Holt car so this is awesome in
here and we can go Mike hi I'm normally
uber strict about that time but I
figured it was the weekend they've been
really good and anyway they're just how
long yes or no all right you guys it is
Saturday morning and we are here
watching Lincoln this is one of our new
favorite hobbies Lincoln likes to wake
up and play in his crib and we think
it's funny to watches so you can see
goofy on the floor right in front of
this could community
there yep I said he said duck and I
think dancing
I could see Goofy's tongue can you see
Goofy's tongue down there on the floor
tonight
can you see Lincoln's empty bottle and
his curve from last night you also saw a
shrink
hm I have no see Oh see really getting
aggressive we start the beginning a mask
you can easily attach it to the damage
would look nothing you in the corner
and I'll never get on the ball again
Carolyn yes I'll never give them a
bottle again if you uses it to like come
out of the crib many challenges any guy
that is what breaks us up everyone you
can pay me back my human Network me I
run and run
oh thanks it's a bottle this is offset
like a guy at a bar you're not a drink
oh I have too many he is acting like a
guy at the bar
no I'd like one to join a drink from it
but that day everywhere I grab dinner he
didn't run my lips around little if I
was drunk I milk what I do this degree
Eddie yeah so man
take that chicken clean up the mess
bartender no just for you do that mean
me and mom don't know either
ha ha ha you gotta work off the alcohol
go so rub many games at your nose please
do Hey look she just didn't like you
doing it IBE I can use telepath
make him say yeah we can lay down she's
like I am not laying down no way no how
hey good job Lincoln Cody Sitka jump
good god I cannot believe you laid down
the surest native mango I need my phone
I mean my chapstick my wallets in my bag
camera in my hand we're packing to go to
Grandma's right now just like we're not
saying mom we're just going for you a
minute because I booked you in the money
our favorite ants are going to be there
and so I have my computer bag because
anytime we vlog or go down on Saturday
that video goes up on Monday and the
best time to edit it is in the canyon
because it's an hour drive that's about
how long it takes me to get it edited so
perfect I tell the kids they can bring
one small thing to hold in the car that
kind of seems to be good what car what
are you bringing you're bringing you're
bringing your truck
that's for Lincoln he picked it out but
go look in the bucket in the garage go
get a bucket the world
Cody Oh Baloo Cody is bringing and are
you going to shoot that in the car no
nice acting in boxing
no you're not shooting Mustin in the car
without or you don't ring it no I mean
okay we'll see
and Olivia chose to bring her wittle
baby baby I got a new business yeah
doesn't that mean he confuses brand-new
very soon she has a little blankie does
she have a name yet
you know saucing come on wish and olivia
has her purse may I eat for Christmas
and I yeah you put a little shirt on it
that was so nice of you to give that to
her yes he did
looks like everyone's ready y'all you
got the baby ready o Ewing her diaper
okay Milo good diapers and I will get
way normally it's not a technician I
have the camera Alba's like a trend
Music Archive everyone needs to know
yellows over all right sky cries it's
the first thing you need to do in you
see grandpa do you see the finger for
the skinny the humongo person so Frank
yourself up for any move if you have to
spit out this much time to the
conjunction or something you all
oh that one that's good do you think you
can practice think it not loud like
bottle I Luke you little one more time
now are you curling your tongue inside
your mouth when you there's more cereal
he does well here as well okay welcome
left over Bobo you know go ask your wife
jump oh who is that one is that you I
didn't see anything dear I love your
hair so fired right
can you go my servo will come join the
party come here oh you didn't have him
you didn't have them all stapled here
I'll help you
I'm gonna treat you to a great animal
people Wray yep you know what I like
best about this right now is we're all
hanging out all of us I'm peeking
through the window and you know how much
that feeling feels good to me there we
go here we go
so Cody as you can see has been working
very hard on the table come here and
we'll look through this book that you
made but sit right here okay
Noboru gotta let go hold on take a look
at it closely in front oh it's okay clay
might be a little out of water
so this one is Joel you could go all
those letters oh man Hollandsworth
Olivia okay now hold on let me see if I
can come on harder this is Harley
Roland name is Charlie my angel any
other no you're invisible brother so
what is this little leak leak in oh
that's pretty good I look on the back
finest foot high and this is Bonnie's
hook
hey that's kind of cool all right we're
gonna pretty good and then there's just
stuff and be some boss and then always
oh you're the only Mickey got right I
like and I like your hair wave goodbye
to Uncle Bob oh can you see yeah when
Lincoln wave goodbye wave goodbye oh oh
we have not really blocked very much
today is because this is basically what
we've done we hung out down here and we
clean and I'm going to get so mad at
these two don't pick up more toys than
Grandpa's picking up he didn't make the
mess you kids made the mess call the OIC
you run as fast as you can getting these
toys cleaned up and no not just not just
to run to run I'm thinking I'm saying
Olivia get these toys cleaned up I mean
I'm gonna have to turn the camera
chuckling I'm saying that I'm not
exhibiting that one Boston he brought it
so Boston no that's not that's going in
grandpa's way room open aspiration grab
us a room no this is grandpa's favorite
yes what no I got from the brisket no
this way that was House this example
well yours of grain give grandpa a nice
wink or a whistle or someone in do whose
is this
that's not ours I think that's what some
one of the toys of does this know it's
one of the kids I think Henry's mother
Frank oh look we're leaving with two
darts that's pretty good did you find
you here he's like no I thought at the
ASCO of Boston is it good job oh we
gotta get the big ball laughs boy Boston
you didn't pick up one darn thing you
didn't pick up one person sitting so we
came down to see my mom from all of my
ass I haven't seen for a while and we're
leaving and we still haven't seen them
they went down and they're doing their
thing sold
okay we spent the day with Grandpa is
that okay with you be here with you guys
it's going great good one okay okay pack
up our kids we're going to get going in
the car so we're going to call it a day
I hope and I literally don't even know
what we've logged today but you know I'm
talking about sight okay would you like
to check them anyway thanks for watching
you guys and we'll see you tomorrow have
a good start few weeks bye guys
