oh my goodness I hope you have plenty of
powder on you to mask that stinky stinky
stink it stinks off good morning love
you yeah I love you okay yesterday when
I was saying bot Lincoln said love you
love you I didn't hear him but when we
were editing and we were looking back at
that footage he was saying love you he
said it like two times what does that
remind you of she said two times you put
two times anyway um we're on our way to
the dentist so that's what I was doing I
was gonna go get the boys I got up and
got then ready and I half-heartedly got
myself ready but I just thought I don't
feel like getting ready I don't want to
wash my hair but it needs washed Oh Cody
is this your favorite show
this is Cody's new favorite show on
Netflix what's it called say it again
yeah I just like the way you say it you
don't know where the remote is Boston
why did you tell me your tummy hurt this
morning cuz I miss your tummy hurt cuz
he was missing Santa and button turned
on the fireplace ha Boston Wade you have
to ask mama and if you didn't mean to
okay um what was something else funny
yesterday yesterday we were downstairs
and oh I remember
Boston kicked Olivia squaring the
Schneids so does called schnozz know
yeah oh is that what US no nose is
called as schnoz
snazz kicked her right in his snout and
why did you kick her Oh cuz they weren't
being fair with the treats so I didn't
listen I gave them too and they did and
really wanted all of them I know and
that was kind of mean huh
but that's not okay to kick her and what
did you think was gonna happen when you
kicked her good yeah yeah he was crying
so hard because he didn't want me to
call the police and put him in jail I
wanted to show you guys these streets it
might not look like a ton but after the
rainfall yesterday and now it's just
like freezing outside
um all this is is ice like it's just
like a road of ice you guys I just
pulled up to the parking lot and there's
a really cute guy he's like looking at
me and like doing this head bob thing
it's kind of weird but he's kind of cute
oh um it appears he's revving his Geo
engine at me
Lincoln's putting him in and Boston's
taking them out that was so cute what is
robbing peter today um picture the
simplest form of alone
I like that Tower
Olivia's coloring show he's the most
entertaining thing to me like I could
watch him for hours did you want your
artist line bubble down on vanilla okay
never question oh this is the first time
she's gone laughing gasps does any of
our kids have laughing gasps he did let
me also get past that around ever feel
like a dose to go please
how long does this take to wear off only
like two minutes oh yeah good I was like
she's got this how long does it take to
like go into effect
Alma goes into effect pretty quick does
it no it's not a deep sleep do kids get
kind of goofy on it or do you not really
see it usually they just kind of like
get kind of drowsy really yeah just
breathe through your nose
so if you guys ever just close with the
order here are these like the same jokes
you hear every time
oh that's nice so that's just like a
courtesy laugh okay Joel be quiet
how do you feel you don't know how you
feel do you feel tired to go crazy no
what do you feel like you don't know can
you whistle
I love your whistle Boston you know oh
he's been practicing it non-stop do you
know how to whistle code what do you
think code pink okay how do you feel
okay
all right but we are you watching is it
funny I can see you trying not to laugh
so this is the first time that Olivia
and Cody have had cavities filled he had
a cavity filled but I think he was too
young for this stuff or I'm not really
sure but he actually was put under I
don't know if I would do that again I
don't know I kind of feel like that was
maybe a mistake I'm not really sure
anyway that was just like a lot I don't
know
oh no no no scoot away from her please
and I just I don't like seeing her loopy
I don't like seeing her like this Cody
just has barely got his gas she's like
well she's no I just thought I feel
miserable right now for her for her I
know exactly how it feels
mm-hmm I don't do well the dentist I I
got to a point where I stopped asking
for nothing I was just like let's just
see if we can do it without cuz ya know
I love I love the numbing stuff I hate
it like but you just chew on your lip
and that that was worse than getting
drilled oh I thought this afternoon I
have some very exciting chores to take
care of I am here at our Apple Store
expert calm because I'm picking up a
second laptop bonnie has a special trip
tomorrow and it's going to require her
to have a laptop where she's at and me
to have a laptop at heart I can't
believe it at this stage because when we
started we had a 70
dollar camera our old desktop computer
and we just made it work and then when
Lincoln was born the demand was we
needed to be a little more mobile with
it so we bought the first laptop and now
we're having to buy a second one this is
exciting time and I'm really proud of
bond for doing this because it's her
that's behind the scenes doing all this
work and I'm proud of her she's made it
what it is and she's making the demand
but we have to go get some hey Joel did
you put Lincoln to bed with his shoes on
what why did you put it has a sock he
has a sock and a shoe on his hand right
now Lindsey okay
I hate that stinking advertisement okay
okay well I figure shoes are cheap toys
look it's playing with it on this and
he's shaking it like a vicious animal
I think he's gonna draw you on the piano
you think he's gonna throw his little
shoe mmm this sauce tastes gay I'm gonna
rip a little my toys got the sock on now
we got the shoe on maybe we should put
him to bed with shoes on more often he
is so proud of him come here thank you
boy did Cody get you out of your crib
Lincoln come say hi to mama come here hi
where'd you find oh thank you for
picking up the garbage I got you I got
you got you got you got you come here I
bet you got you got you got you
everybody Cody you do know that's very
bad luck right yeah this is the most
determined little baby I've ever seen he
knew they were strawberries in here and
he is just digging through this never
had this kind of fruit snax tropical
layer no I've never tried them but we
got them for the kids to try cake out I
want you to close your umbrella and go
stick it in the closet
our brothers Joel he wants this so bad
it's like I want to just I I want to
take it away just to see what he'll pick
you guys fingers even think about such a
peaceful thing oh yeah do you want me to
get one are your hands shaking right now
Jason look I'll get your strawberry look
okay sorry I have to take it to get it
while she's gonna look so round Lincoln
what Lincoln what Lincoln look look look
oh sweet heaven sweet heaven on earth
right he's that taste so good honey
he wanted that so beer you got it you
got it you take the kids to the grocery
store cuz when we needed to get a kids
out of the house and - he needed some
groceries handle broke why is your
forehead so red honey what happened to
your forehead umbrella hit me oh are you
serious in the car or something or out
of here in here oh I want to sorry
you can have a strawberry gay go get one
everyone yeah I think I'm not creamy
with them bro
no you just icing right here you go
cigarette more crazy Cody are you
hitting people with your umbrella hey
Stern
oh um code are you hitting people with
your umbrella don't do that I'm going to
let you have it I'm not hating yellow
nightmare did you tell them you were
sorry no Tom you're sorry hey what'd you
say strawberry what do you say Joe right
thank you say it's okay cold I know it
was an accident
I know my accident say it's okay code
okay well you guys we have got homework
to do piano to practice dinner to have
and kids to be in bed because Joe and I
want a quiet evening I think he's like a
little kid with a toy do you know how
long we have needed a griddle every more
a narrow evening any time we make
pancakes it's like um okay we'll make
two at a time we did it we made the
plunge and bought a griddle I'm still a
fan I know it is kind of little let me
see no it looks okay it has a warming
tray I went shopping for Heather's if
you watch our video you know what that
means
okay inside joke with all of our
subscribe it's no joke with you guys all
right we're calling it a night thanks
for watching we'll see you guys tomorrow
if you liked the video click the thumbs
up in hey guys I changed my mind if you
like that dance you give the video a
thumbs up
Oh
