did you guys know that these peaches
came off of Grandma and Grandpa's peach
trees I love peaches these were so yummy
the kids love peaches that's why we
bottle them as well for ourselves and
for the babies to eat dry tell them our
secret ingredients for our pancakes
mm-hmm
cinnamon and vanilla I had a boyfriend
do that in college and I've never gone
back if you guys want some more peaches
you can go down and get another jar
Boston Boston if you drop it what
happens your glass the glass will break
so be very careful yeah did you guys see
that finger point okay you be good no
stay on the internet Brenda run down
with Daddy and get another jar peaches
and be extra careful are you thinking
anything
good morning everybody I am out and
about with the boys this morning and we
are doing some chores and I had to have
the kids out of the house to the bonny
could film whoo
so Bonnie could film the husband
voiceover makeup tutorial which I'm
wicked excited about doing so she's
doing her part this morning and we are
doing our part in looking for a shoe
rack for dad and I don't know if I'm
gonna find a shoe rack I want or one
that I need out of all the kids we've
had I've only had one that has done this
he grabs on all my back pockets and just
walks and follows me and I love it okay
I think I found I think I found the one
I want this one is a white towel on
linens rack but that's what I want for
my shoes cuz I don't wear no girlie slim
little shoes they're not gonna fit in
that little guy so we're gonna go with
this one and we got ourselves a little
snack huh Shum our snack guard dedos all
the kids like them really flavorful
stuff sure do
huh sure do you like the bagel once show
me the ones you like the bagel chips
yeah they're pretty good Lincoln needs
one I think it needs a bagel chip okay
boss gonna bake on Jim I think everybody
likes the bagel chips in the guard dead
OPEC nice and yummy
those were my least favorite as a kid
was the bagel chips I hated that part
and I liked finding the guard Eddowes if
you find them with a mustard powder on
them blow your mind
go find me binky can you sail on you
let's love you love you can you say love
you
love you nope
I barely missed you guys he said love
you love you didn't check can you give
me loves me hug oh he was being so cute
na Lulu I just laid Lincoln down for his
nap I'm gonna see what he does in there
he's been really good to just lay down I
didn't give him a bottle and normally I
give him a bottle he's just playing with
his doggies ear he's being such a good
little boy hmm
little uneventful we'll check back in
later I was able to get that cleaned up
and I got the kitchen all the way wiped
up and the dishes done and now Boston
and I what are we gonna go do some
crackers animal crackers he really likes
the Teddy Grahams let's see yep he likes
the Teddy Grahams okay my whistling
little boy you take those down and we'll
sit on the couch together something that
I've always kind of made it my own
little roll it's like in the morning
after we have breakfast and after we you
know put Lincoln down for his nap I
don't come downstairs and just like sit
and relax until I like clean my way down
and so I like to have all of the
upstairs done like I started oh you're
gonna die yep so much to fold but I did
start the laundry in the washing machine
so my dishes are done my laundry has
started baby is napping and now I'm
going to sit down and relax it doesn't
always happen like that but if I want to
keep my house clean like if I want to
keep things like picked up then that's
how I do things
no matter cool is that for school
thank you fine like this when you get
five you're gonna go to school are you
excited
I love I give this many years my three
yep three you're three years old can you
believe that
I can't believe Oh what hey I didn't eat
my yellow cake when you turn three I
think you did yeah what kind of birthday
do you want next you want a whole cake
oh face a bulk favorite your water pulse
okay we're gonna have the best Hulk
birthday party when you turn four but
that's not till May yeah May that's
birthday when it gets this many what's
leading be honored huh oh my next cake
is gonna be chocolate when I get many
yes I hockey let's just turn the movie
on huh it is seriously a good thing that
I went up and checked on Lincoln he was
just playing and he normally just goes
right to sleep Oh boss was turning away
you just set in the mood uh anyway
Lincoln was poopie and I'm glad he
checked him and I forgot I've got like a
handful of emails that I've got to do
and they're the ones that I can require
work and so I'm just like when putting
aside but now I had to get him done so
he's gonna enjoy his movie and I'm gonna
check some emails No
I love you did you call yourself the
itchy boy their skin is so dry we
covered in a lotion say though jump over
Boston whoo very good okay let coats
gonna do it again oh oh my word my turn
your turn
sure you are BAM you're great to be
eight doughnuts folder five cake Boston
your turn try runnin runnin runnin oh no
no no no no no let's set it back up and
try again
okay ready for it now
Oh getting up the stairs for Iran Go Go
Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go
oh I love it I love it but kids are home
from school
Lincoln is up from his nap and I told
y'all we have to take Christmas down as
much as I don't want to because I think
it is so beautiful I I know what he's
looking at me for no man I tell you I um
we've got to take our Christmas down
holy crap I don't want to do it no say
hi hmm he was saying hide it was
something I think that we can get the
tree and the garland and Mary Sue is
what I think we're the warmest that's
the thing no idea no idea instead of a
society are they all glass er yeah most
of them are I wonder if we should go get
one of the
containers that holds all the ornaments
okay yeah okay
so do you remember when I was putting up
the tree and Lincoln broke one of my
ornaments nobody ever knew about it I
cried the day that I take the tree down
I want the season to end and I have been
wanting to sing that song since the day
I want look at this mess what
are you laughing at Missy I am trying to
seeing my heart and soul to the man
who's taken much
and I'm dreaming of Christmas when we'll
be together
Oh again
all right the moment that all of you
have been waiting for when I surprised
Joel what you may not know is that he
was very upset that we use command
strips that was a converse a let's gonna
focus on you
um the conversation went a little
something like this
yes Joel I don't agree our house for
Christmas you use command strips and
then and then me um we're not very happy
anyways our subject it is a little bit
of a sore subject until now because I'm
a believer there's nothing there's no
pain taking off I was gonna try and like
sing you some sort of a song I just
didn't really work out so the command
strips did not take off any pink so
thank you
GM zone this GM area 3m Thank You 3m not
sponsored not okay um yeah I know I'm
really happy about it um everything
feels really bare I hate what I have up
here but I didn't I don't want to put
like my summer stuff up anyway that's
kind of a hot mess
okay me actually I need actually come
back over to help me like know what to
put up on my shelves anyway Christmas is
put away that is put away we just want
to like bring our other stuff out oh
that was nothing Christmas is put away
what are we getting ready for I don't
know Joe's birthday Joe's birthday is
January 31st my birthday is on the 31st
31 and I am turning 31 this year so
what's that called
I don't know that'll drag again that
hasn't know Boston put your hands down
there's a name for that
he's turning 31 on the 31st I was pretty
awesome
Olivia and I are heading to piano
lessons Joel you're gonna put the kids
to mood LLC first time
okay okay I'm so dizzy all right
