notification no got an update on we got
an update on team YouTube's know what on
you on Twitter from Team YouTube all
videos in their feet I'm sorry
it states sorry the notification Bell
provides more options someone might want
to wow the notification Bell provides
more options someone might want to see
all videos in their sub speeds but not
get notifications about every upload
every single subscription sorry one more
time
Wow on the bottom left corner no don't
go into that so when you first click no
okay default setting when you click the
bell when you click the belt default
setting is look at the camera John when
you click the bell default setting is
occasional notifications no when you
click the belt default setting is Sam
so now say what the heck you do and I'll
give you a treat yeah so what the heck
you do yeah sure sneakin Oh what what
those look like they fit good huh
are you joking me starting the morning
off so good morning yourself get on my
bed little turkey and Mike
get all much sorry if the light is just
like so frigging right hey mom guess
what
Oh little more Joel oh no that's too
much dear okay Ellie and I want to
announce okay no I'll give you a binky
okay Boston I don't think this is really
working over around sorry babe
Joe okay you're not going up there don't
do that again and this is what I told
Olivia I said could he go away hey Kate
Lincoln is not very happy and I'm just
rethinking that shot job my hand is
frozen for you yeah I'll give you a
treat
yeah you want subtitles on that part but
what Boston showed you his butt
my cousin is naughty think about when he
showed it to you hey it's dr. Bali for
you we've been dying to wear them b-but
I didn't
so anyway no not so anyway yay if you do
not pretend to be asleep when you when
the doctor comes in he will be so mad I
don't know put a nose on you like that
yeah so pretend you're asleep and when
he comes in don't wake up okay I don't
know I don't know I I don't make up the
rules
okay when he comes in you just keep your
eyes shut okay and pretend you're asleep
well then he's gonna put a nose on you
like that guy you'll start right here
make it hit already try stinky diaper if
you don't see your house what the heck
you do yeah
okay yeah I call John like Taco Tuesday
there get in the car don't look at the
viewfinder okay leave it alone
Lincoln let go let go I'm not wasting
any time I'm getting three off the bat
you have to think about these things
before you say yes if you do a good deed
page five of the venture oh wow
you get tied up in your own coat I don't
understand it anyway back to what I was
saying huh
that took forever to get out okay well
there you go who knows Gary okay this is
just terrible footage sorry Jocelyn this
is why I'm having you do it because it
would take me all day as well and no
answer me
don't you touch those pictures again
okay you're like get it together I want
you to leave all that angel oh she said
good morning
how did you sleep damn we'll see you
guys later thanks bye that was awkward
I'm sorry okay um is that why you got in
trouble last night hold on see what the
heck you do you want a match but you're
facing my buck or we may be you still
cut out
this poor play train oh you already
closed the flaw already
