he took the rest of his oatmeal put it
in the Tupperware and now I'm guessing
he decided that he wants to have it
again so he's trying to get it back into
his bowl is that what you're doing I
think it's funny that you do this have
fun in my robe yeah do you think it's
time that I get dressed I will have you
know that I had an in-home at meeting
this morning someone came to my house we
had like a two-hour meeting and I was
like um is this okay because I was
supposed to get ready and then mom life
happened and I couldn't and next thing I
know she was ringing the doorbell and I
thought well it's either we don't have
the meeting or I look like this mom life
at its finest
yeah do you see what he just did we're
gonna reenact what he said to me the
other day I'll help him with what he
said I'm gonna tell him what to say
because this is what he said reenactment
go his words not mine that was that
reenactment that was exactly what
happened the other day I was like see he
loves me he doesn't care thank you you
guys see this I've never in my life had
someone loved me so much after he asked
me why are you so chubby I said that's
just cuz the way I am that and I said
cuz I probably ate too many cookies and
stuff like that and he's like okay I'm
the perfect shirt for today
see this ah yeah and how about these the
perfect jeans that I literally wear
every day for two years now I did
Instagram post showing my outfit of the
day and I was asking you guys what jeans
you usually like to wear the jeans that
i wear 24/7 these are when I say that
I've worn these for two years straight
i legit mean I've worn these for two
years straight their page jeans from
Nordstrom I know there's a bajillion
kind of page jeans but these are Hoxton
crop they're my favorite done and
dressed I like these pants because
they're high-waisted they come to my
belly button this little ditty came from
H&M in case you were wondering no huh
ASOS ASOS a sauce I've heard a million
different ways and I just got hit in the
but again he literally he's got hit in
the butt again and while we're on the
topic of clothing I went out of my
comfort zone and bought some statement
earrings I thought these are going to
treat me really nice I really do these
are kind of my favorites these are my
least favorite on and these are my
second favorite hmm I just got hit in
the bed again I wonder where the culprit
could be okay so for Christmas I get
this crap crap and the Christmas and I
got the baby me and my friend okay you
do this cat it's like a painting craft
vapery garden it's a fairy garden thing
videos and she got me this
whoo and have some seeds you have to be
really careful careful
this is like the house yeah that's the
fairy so cute so we got everything set
up and off the brush here's the cute
fairy here's a butterfly we're gonna pay
to make it look like this a little bit
yeah and here's the paint set and here's
like some steps Jones and stuff here's
the house I'm gonna be doing hey is
gonna be doing did you mean mushroom
and like you can grow leaves and
equality we have like these cute flowers
that that are adorable
and thorns oh and I loved about the
house that there's like a bell here I'm
gonna make it focus there's like a bell
that rings it's cute and the O's are
very dust that's in the house oh so
tight okay now we're gonna get started
Tyler played team that I would put a few
we had yellow and you already need
enough pain probably needs a second
layer let's for down with unless the
whole thing will Shelley so I'll show
you our final is on the bottom first
what you can see mr. hands in the way
the best team ever
yeah good what is on your savage
dirtiness Boris your tongue is
so that's like agreeing in yellow
there's no she's gonna get those two my
shoes done and then for our final things
on the box you can paint this and then
this is where we're trying to do some
fairies adorable where's Perry Perry's
adorable paint just dinner first
mushroom and it looks adorable you want
me to record something or you want the
camera ha are you wet and to get all of
the ice off of it look I wasn't icicle
chill that's sad
well that's why I packed gloves my couch
mice you're soaking wet
turn around yeah the back part of you
well know the back parts kind of wet to
dry right here feel it just I don't want
steam coming off me hey look oh there is
steam coming that has nothing to do with
the coldness
I feel sad coming in shower you need to
teach me how to use it - I don't know
how do you stay so you set it aside so
like Luke hey these toys are not just
for you mister so you put put this on
and look that'll make the xylophone
sound and now if you want to hear the
drums put that one on but the drums on
link another particular thing off you
wonder if the volume can go up louder
because that's what every parent wants
to knock because if the male you can go
louder so each instrument you put on
it'll start adding it to the song going
on make it
hey if you can put them all on it's
gonna be like an orchestra new movie
releases I'm gonna try and find myself
something to watch tonight because when
the kids are in bed because joel is gone
for the entire night so I have a
peaceful night to myself so I'm gonna
try and find myself something to watch
and try my very hardest to not snack and
be bad because I've been good all day
and I just don't want to ruin it by
snacking tonight so I'm going to be
really really good about that oh yeah
awesome if you guys want to catch up on
vlogs that you have missed out on click
to the box above if you guys want to see
other videos funny videos like our
bloopers click on these below thanks
guys spike
