good morning everybody I woke up this
morning to rain lots and lots of rain
and it is wet and the problem is is all
of the snow is blocking the rain from
when it comes off the house now it's
just driving the rain into the house so
I got a shovel off this entire patio and
clear out areas so that the rain can
actually go somewhere and I do not want
to because there's a heavy stinking snow
now it's all wet nasty and heavy all
right you guys the vicious cycle has
continued I'm not even going to show you
what's over here on the side of my bed
because it's terrifying it's just
disgusting how dirty I could be in my
bedroom I I just don't understand I'm a
slob and I know it so I'm gonna find
something on YouTube or Lincoln to watch
to keep him occupied while I clean up
this disaster of a room
you guys just watching daddy with some
cereal huh he's making good progress out
there I'm making good progress in my
room oh this is heavy snow - I do feel
really bad and he can't just like throw
it right there because we don't want it
just like melting into our window wells
cuz there is like a height of not sure
if he told you there's a high flood
chance because of all the rain that's
gonna melt all the snow yep he said it's
hot what I have no idea what he's saying
my just a monkey in a cage for your
watch yeah you guys joel is soaking wet
like he is a drowned rat and he is just
out clearing people's driveways and I
don't even know I am seriously nervous I
am praying that our house doesn't flood
because that would be our luck okay come
here Boston yeah yeah okay kwang-ho look
like that oh because you were in an oil
bath Ted put coconut oil in your bath
and it looks very greasy okay you kids
come sit down here I'll get it for you
it comes to down
I've got wrapping paper and you each
have presents in your hands and I told
the kids they could either make a
present of her Jackson's birthday or
find your present and yep and this is
what they chose you're gonna give him
and he's gonna give him his Hulk robot
why are you gonna give him your Hulk
robot well I don't know what that means
here I got tape and scissors right here
come here are where are the scissors
okay here's the tape go sit down with
that and I will find
what are you screaming about
did you just scream I am making so much
progress in here this whole entire fear
was covered and now it's not you guys
where's the scissors are you all right
here see in this disaster it was in here
okay um oh okay um come sit down and I
want you guys to do the best job of
rapping that you can possibly do okay I
honestly love that they do this because
I don't know it just kind of teaches
them like it's okay to give from the
heart you don't have to go buy something
and Jackson is not gonna care at all I
just think it's sweet
like they had their whole lives like by
each other cool stuff for their
birthdays but this just teaches them to
like be giving and to be resourceful and
I'm um I'm excited to see what Jackson
thinks anything opens I bet he's gonna
love it
hey guys
yo you excited I can't wait to see this
oh gosh
ah
you
I'm in the middle of cleaning out my
closet because Bonnie got her closet
cleaned out today and the room we're
just trying to spring clean a little bit
and I found this little ditty in my
closet that I don't let the boys play
with because it's mine not wires but the
tractor and I want to show Boston with
the tractor does you want to see it go
okay watch out let's see see if it'll go
it's a little heavy we better go to the
hardwood floor I think the last time I
had this tractor out we had to obviously
have the linoleum floor and it was
Christmas like two or three years ago
when I got it and I'm so happy to pull
it out again and Boston okay bud you
ready go
it does go on and off this switch right
here is the on/off
now the brakes on you can actually
change the gears first second third and
reverse and if you put it in reverse it
will actually go in Reverse I hate the
story better go well we're not ready to
go yet you still got a little bit of
time oh we will we'll go when the storms
not going okay oh I think we're in for a
world of a storm it is hailing like the
Dickens out that you can't quite see it
it's lightened up just a little bit like
two seconds ago the power just flashed
in the house so I think we might be in
for a pretty rough little storm tonight
we're supposed to get rain for the next
couple days and with all the snow on
everything it makes everything very
vulnerable which is why we got that all
cleared off today and I cleared out my
gutter and five other neighbor's gutters
I pretty much just ran the machine until
it was on empty and blinking at me we
just got here at Jackson's house for his
birthday party and the kids could not be
more happy and the prettiest lady I know
just showed up to Grandma Griffith
that's right okay knock on the door why
not
say hi when we come in Calvin you better
knock back so they know you're here
Calvin yes Calvin usually do Morse code
oh look a joint did you join the party
uh-huh uh-huh fastest way to quiet down
some kids stuck their face full of pizza
hmm the babies are doing good I know
look at him hey I'm a big boy now huh
I'm a big boy now you think you're a big
boy are you a big boy I wanted to show
the presence that the kids got for
Jackson for his birthday from Olivia to
Jack's son from cover hood this one's
definitely boston's and this one's from
me I don't know that it's gonna raise
any big any big plus but he's gonna I
think Ellie's gonna like having the
present one all right the best way to
keep this kid happy is with an Iron Man
drink I can't believe he's big enough
you Iron Man - look at these big boys
they're big enough to join the party
finally huh no no no no no no I'll get
you some I'll get you some I feel like
there's a lot of suspense here okay
Boston sit down
yay it's Jackson and Calvin Jenny we're
returning at your house no had an
emergency over here over New Year's and
we had to return that so what better way
than to make jackson-vanik a million
bucks
hey what am i catching you doing huh you
sneaking in the pantry sneaking a little
Captain Crunch
that's crunch berries you can't deny it
Calvin hi mm-hmm yeah keep that you got
the good stuff yep you can bring a
little closer said she's solo okay she
is a little he's like crawling off the
news but I know exactly what she's doing
is he's staying okay let me let me shoot
me out
I got a Shamir Boston come here what is
that on the wall it's a beggar I knew
exactly what it was who put that booger
on the wall you did hey do you know how
hard daddy worked to make your walls
nice how hard did it work a lot how much
align it a lot so is it nice of you to
wipe your boogers on Daddy's nice wall
Oh No where should we wipe boogers I how
where should we put our yucky boogers
any garbage can I'm taking the garbage
can and okay if you have boogers are you
going to put them in the garbage can eh
you said no but you shook your head yes
where are you gonna put your boogers
from now on
in the garage Cody where you gonna put
your boogies hey Olivia where you gonna
put your boogies okay look don't wipe
him on the wall I just got done zipping
up Bonnie in her onesie yeah she's ready
to party for the night I'm gonna go to
Ellie's and we're gonna watch The
Bachelor best show on earth
love me ashlar do you want to tell him
what we've been up oh okay so ever since
we got our nude okay so like you said
nude ever since we got our new nest
camera
we've been obsessed with it we had no
idea that he was obsessed with his
little doggy like we started watching
and he beats that little thing up so bad
I think it's like the World Wrestling
Federation in there and I'm look look
you can't you guys probably can't see
cuz his head's in the way he's feeding
his bottle to the dog so this is the dog
right here and he is putting the bottle
in the doggies mouth right now a good
boy oh my gosh I've learned so much
about him I cannot believe we haven't
had a video monitor with the other kid
oh that's an aggressive way to feed the
baby I wish you would turn around so he
could see talk to him and see if he'll
touch his nose okay Lincoln he didn't
even turn around oh excuse me okay but
for real we are gonna have oh he just
turned and looked at me oh he said hi
he's okay him again tell him to touch
his nose Lincoln touch your nose
oh he's doing it he's doing it this
morning we were able to do this and he
show he was staring at the camera it was
the cutest I'm literally gonna do a vlog
that is see now we've got him all riled
up we were literally gonna do a vlog
just of him on the baby monitor it's
like maybe were the only people that are
entertained by it but I cannot get
enough of it I'll wake up in the morning
and normally it's like when I hear my
mic if I hold still no feel fall back
asleep but I'd grab my phone I'm just
like staring at him cuz this is the
cutest thing it like what we get for 40
minutes 40 minutes and the boys came in
and lo ok enough telling you about it
I'm going to show you next time we did
so anyway we're gonna close the vlog
thank you guys for watching okay we'll
see you guys later bye bye
