this morning started out normal we got
up we got ready for school dad did
Olivia's hair look at that that's a good
hair job that's right
and I took Olivia to school and when I
got there I was like all the lights were
off it's completely blacked out a single
car their house like what the heck
quickly called and there's a message
saying schools canceled for today
I'm assuming it's because of the
temperature because it's like negative
10 degrees outside so what did we do a
live iya landing got excused we got the
fresh-squeezed orange juice mommy's
favorite and doughnuts you got a plain
maple bar I got ballons Olivia's the
maple bar which one's yours you want
that one oh you may have to fight mom
for that one clean I want this one Cody
likes the white one okay which one does
mom like well me and mom like a lot of
the same things we like the crawlers we
definitely like the crawlers mom loves
the blueberry cake don't ya you want to
try some of them I kill you you want two
of those you're out of your mind so if
you have to say this is my thing
when we were walking into the store the
sliding doors are the kind of like oh
you know show me your hand sir with your
hands yes right as you walk through the
door stages they open up but thank you
but this'll look it just went this way
and then it usually goes through there
and then and then he had to like push it
yep so they almost opened so dad had to
push him open that's how cold it was
when we were walking out though another
gentleman and he was walking him pretty
fast he was walking and they didn't open
all the way and he didn't stop and he's
just like just like caught between the
two doors it was so funny he just made
eye contact with me and we smiled but
I'm gonna go get Lincoln and share our
bounty
fried dough with frosting hold on hold
nobody get those out yet you just sit
there and salivate oh oh those little
eyes and head was down oh that was so
sweet oh that was so sweet I have the
world's best surprise for you you're
gonna be so happy you're getting one
okay
whoa okay code you can have your sub
Austin you can have yours everybody
comes to know not both of them are you
crazy
you greedy little guy well let's eat one
all the way first and then we'll see
okay okay which end you want the
chocolate stick let's eat the chocolate
fish we got this one first that was
first okay take that one I know
look at this plethora of boys plethora
of boys this morning when we were
driving home
Olivia's like I want to do an Easter egg
hunt which it's the middle its January
we're talking about Easter and she's
like I want to go to Grandma Carrigan's
I want to do the Easter egg hunt I was
like oh sweetheart grandma Carrigan's
gone we we don't we won't go there but
there was always an Easter egg hunt
before we went to Grandma Kerrigan's
house up in Morgan and she's like we'll
do that in the moogle visit grandma and
and visit her grave and I thought what a
little sweetheart she know yeah you're
gonna write our little note but just
those little moments so take advantage
of it spend one-on-one time with your
kids you'll never know what they say and
most likely they'll surprise you
oh I hear it I think it's starting to
come on
Cody's laying over the heater vent
trying to get a little bit warm good
morning you guys I wanted to say hello
to you from outside because I thought it
is sunny and like beautiful out here
it's like negative five degrees as of
current and yes the kids have another
snow day this is not the kind of thing
that has happened very much to us we
don't normally have snow days like
whether it's snowing no matter what the
weather I remember it's been negative
five degrees and other times when the
kids were gone to school but I think
it's just a combination of everything
that they've canceled school and I just
wanted to come out here and just show
and just be and enjoy um
the outside like this is my street isn't
that fun like I just think it's really
fun I'm pretty and so what we decided to
do the kids today we thought should we
go to the movies should we go ski
should be like you were really sure what
we wanted to do with our wonderful snow
day
and I thought you know let's not spend
any money let's not go anywhere and like
Joel you go find us a really yummy lunch
we're gonna lay up blanket out
downstairs we're going to turn our
fireplace on because Lincoln is going to
be taking a nap so we won't have to
worry about it
I'll stagger like my face like tingly I
was not going for very long and I'm like
oh my face but it feels good like it
feels good to have crisp air on your
face so the kids are cleaning up so but
not while we eat we can't oh is this
what you want to eat on I think that's a
great thing to maybe even okay it's so
hard to lay out isn't it and the
fireplace is going oh all the hard work
do you remember all the times when I was
like I don't know if this is worth I the
remodeling or not and this is something
that just barely dawned on me people
kind of gave me crap for like having my
kids do blanket time they're like that's
disgusting that's just coral which I
know most people don't think that is
just like this handful you know but
clearly they don't mind it like clearly
they feel like it's like they enjoy it
they like it they find comfort in it I
think it's a lot like I am NOT comparing
my kids to dogs but dogs enjoy crate
training like when you first hear about
crate training like when I first learned
I'm like oh that's sad like you just
stick them in their crate but no they
enjoy our crate they like their crate
it's like boundaries with humans it's
just like humans need boundaries humans
need long get limitations it's like
that's how we all survive in this world
together is that so one I'm gonna think
of my sir
Wiggy what I was weird
you think
just got done watching the movie and
they started a second one and the kids
are out here they kind of I think they
were sick of being inside and yes he
said what
hi guys he said hi guys he's just out
there digging away kids were ready to
get outside I don't blame them look the
snow is literally up to Cody's waist out
there I don't know how they're doing it
out there is it's too cold like when I
was bundling them up I'm like okay is
too cold Oh Olivia's crying now what
happened what happened
did you work a pole your tongue got
caught come here
literally Olivia said I don't know how
my tongue got caught she said she was
turning her head either she was licking
this is not even funny I guarantee she
ripped off half a tonne I've done that
before
oh my gosh okay Cody don't you lick that
pole okay
did you act it's okay you're not in
trouble did you accidentally look at or
did you just put your tongue on it
Oh see what it is like did you put your
tongue on it
yes let's go this way
come here it's okay if there's one I'm
listening see okay now you can look good
so you wanted to set what it was so you
put your time on it you don't want to
say that you did that so freezing out
there
hair placement here is snow all over
this floor you guys the whole tip of her
tongue is off hmm what just your tin
like your taste is gonna be sore it's
gonna it's going to be very sore no lie
it's like mother's intuition like I was
just like I need to be out there I need
to like be watching them me that gotta
watch you sooner
well she's embarrassed to tell you and
she's not in trouble
she's not in trouble she wanted she put
her tongue on the pole oh yeah we okay
yes
sorry what the heck do you know how many
times I've done stupid things like that
and I just thought why I do that and you
wish you wouldn't have done it you want
to know how I know how I hurt really
really bad one time I tried doing it and
it didn't work it wasn't cold enough but
one time I was looking a popsicle have
you ever got your tongue froze on a
popsicle and that's not even as cold as
sticking on that bitter metal out there
so how did you your tongue off I just
ripped it off because you were scared
well that makes me sick for you sorry
like I got that
whose idea was that yours or counties
okay and so you did it so you're not in
trouble
you're not in trouble so you did it
first
and Cody didn't do it he didn't do it or
yes he did do it I hate it hey did not
hate it oh I won't record it nobody's in
trouble to the like to the Tina Turner
she was like having like that I felt
home
like some apology would I love it
whose idea was it to do it me behind
until they realize he does wonder what
did you say did you say hey wake up
sucking her hip up like I said but I
didn't cook like I did it and then I
don't he said I went with my boarders
and my foot on the boat but then he
hears anything but um actually I I went
on hey what was your part
Oh what would you know stop when you
hear I'm gonna put my deliverable when
you were close to the pole
Olivia told me she said that Cody was
gonna put her tongue on the pole oh cool
you did put the toner no he's like hey
hey dude yeah Cody was going to put his
tongue on the pole and Olivia told me
that she didn't want Cody to get hurt
and she said I don't know why I did it I
just did it because she didn't want Cody
to do it is that what you were telling
him
can you believe that honey that was
really nice of her she took one for the
team can you show him your tongue I
won't I won't record it for the better
half of the evening Olivia and I had
laid in bed and we took a long long bath
she got a watch it movie of her choice
while she was in the bathtub and we had
what some being a bacon suit for dinner
I eat only cuz they told her to keep it
yes but listen to how much better she's
talking who try stick your tongue out
let him see it it's already look you can
hold it really still it's hard to hold
your tongue so you can see the whole tip
has been like it's really really red it
was right anything that's like like if
you stick your tongue on a pole how much
still look to recurse was it it was
negative something degrees out there
probably negative thought it was very
cold and I took my turn on the pole and
stuff like that we're not ever in Tibet
again are we
yeah I don't know why I said it I don't
know why I did it ripped my skin off
your baton you have sold IV was gonna
sleep and I don't know it there wasn't
time bod
yeah just a little bit so Olivia's gonna
sleep in my bed tonight
I'm Jenny okay so we're gonna close the
block here and we hope you guys have a
better start to your week than Olivia
did right okay and nasty kids hang out a
pole and not stick your tongue on poles
I proudly
like you're talking a wonderful she
couldn't talk earlier shoes either
scared or hurt me and left my tongue at
her I had had and I'd be like Daddy like
that yeah we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
