can you sing of the song you were
singing I'll give you a dollar if you
sing him the song you're singing okay
here you that was so good can you dollar
you betcha
yes so I guess like movies car what the
heck we don't need to buy one thing
right now cut those icicles pretty cool
oh honey they're actually extremely
dangerous and we actually have a we
these gutters are new and we got the
heater thing the heater strip to go
inside of them we just don't have them
yet I don't think they can install until
next year but like look at that huge one
Oh like let's get over to it that thing
is massive
oh yeah I know like you follow me do you
know that they can fall and pierce your
skin like they'll stab you if those fall
and hit you did you know that so we got
to be really careful with those okay
like mm-hmm yep they're super dangerous
and hurty
whoo does it hurt
cake
hey my handsome baby I love you with all
my heart you have a good day at school
bye alright are you guys ready to run
the most exciting errands of your life
with us we've got errands today okay
well for another day is they are overdue
taxes money night for cutting our
property taxes here we got a letter to
member like oh my guess we need to pay
those so now I'm here at the county
offices and I'm gonna be a law-abiding
citizen and pay my property taxes I was
feeling a little sheepish and thought
these guys are gonna think I'm a moron
for not paying my taxes on time there
are four other people in the office with
me who didn't pay theirs either so my
guy wants to go downstairs so I don't
feel so bad but I promise it's gonna
happen next to it
we came to Sam's Club to get a few items
that we need and this caught my eye so
we have the nest thermostat and I saw
the nest camera I have never had a
camera in the baby's room and this is
probably my last baby I'm sure as well
as baby I'm thinking it look that's it
could be anyway I really want a camera
in his room so I can watch him as he
gets a little bigger I mean he is
getting bigger he's almost ready I mean
my other kids they've been out of the
crib almost two anyway so I don't know
what I think about this camera
specifically profession just buy a baby
monitor but this is I mean yes $200 is
very expensive but I've seen baby
monitors the video ones that are like
400 so anyway what do you guys think
what would you put in your baby's room
for a camera or have you guys tried this
and you like it we're at Best Buy and
the last errand that we have to rent it
is nap time so on a hurry go home to get
Lincoln in for his nap and I had to call
Jared because I was like um do you
remember the type of hard drive you
helped me pick out last time I am being
so independent doing this on my own the
last time I had to buy one was um quite
a while ago anyway so Jared helped me
pick it out and I didn't remember what
time it was and I wasn't smart enough to
like take a picture in any way so this
is when we're getting a good old five
terabyte um hard drive external hard
drive so that's the one we're getting
that's not the right price that one's
for the Aged here buy that one right
there
kind of expensive but we have to keep
our footage rigel we have to keep
storing it got to keep it stored
you ready Boston you guys have been good
sports because of it you want no we're
not watching cold play-doh yesterday I
was like you're not watching hope play
that let's watch a good one we picked
out a bunch of Disney ones and he
watched frozen and you went to bed
singing frozen and I thought that was
much better than a brainwashed Hulk
brain yeah should we go home and watch
Beauty and the Beast
frozen can I have a kiss hmm oh you want
to blow your nose instead your eyes are
very red your nose is buggery but your
eyes look so green can you give me
kisses huh while daddy checks out
can you give me a kiss no just show me
the lips that's the first is it nap time
nose is that your nose
zit your nose can you give me kisses
look my kisses mm-hmm can you do it say
no you just want to pick your nose
hey who's that is that you that's baby
Lincoln that's baby Lincoln should we
take your shoes off hmm here you go
okay God give me kisses no look give me
kisses mm oh come on please
look you can't stop looking at handsome
you are
Hey just went through binky can you say
good night
tonight oh I just tripped over your
piano hey doing this with you ah you
want to watch a movie and have a snack
okay let's see let's say goodnight to
Lincoln first goodnight goodnight he
loves that dog right by his head come on
out
do you know what I think you're in luck
because I think that we got so many
chores done today that I am going to
come and sit with you and watch a little
movie so yeah Liz will find a snack and
you can have the last few goldfish okay
so what are you gonna do while Boston
and I have a little quiet time
Germany plans what are you dread I have
to go over the church you some work do
ya
yeah but I'm gonna be running a few
minutes late as long if any stuff oh I
am so excited for this I know I asked
you guys what you thought and then I saw
this one this is the outdoor one but you
can move the head around a lot more and
I liked that it was white the one thing
I hate is that it has a cord like the
court is hideous I wish it was
battery-operated or yeah or like Wi-Fi
or something why it's empowering all
right Boston I laid three out for you
which one of those movies looks like a
good one to watch do you think you want
to watch Cinderella hey Peter Pan a
health Captain Hook okay
have you seen this one have you ever sat
down and watched this one you might like
that one if you want to watch this one
all right well watch this one
and you know what you're in luck because
there's just a handful little fishies
down there and I am going to be really
good and not eat any of
and I'll see you ten before you are a
sweetheart but you know what I'm going
to be good to not eat any of them why
because I'm going to tell you what my
absolute favorite favorite thing is is
when the kids are outgrowing their naps
if I if I put him down for a nap every
day he would totally take one he would
just lay down and take one really easy
but then he's up a lot at night and
doesn't go to bed as easy so I don't
think he really needs needs a nap at the
end of the like he doesn't really need a
nap anymore and so um I love when it's
nap time and the babies in bed I've done
this with all of you guys I remember
doing it with Cody and Olivia we take
that nap time and we just have quiet
time together and even if that consists
of mommy just relaxing no um I just love
it it's just my favorite time and I like
he'll probably fall asleep on me like
doesn't get better than that
doesn't get better than that are you
looking at your fishies making Mama's
soul jealous yep let's read your lips a
little read a little bit I love you
Annie
should we watch Peter Pan okay this is
fun huh his life good it may come a
little man is your yeah oh pretty red
are you tired
mm-hmm come on take a little nap no okay
we'll just relax here then okay say ooh
Mean Gene he'll say you just who do you
think you're talking to me and gene
always got her way until one day a new
kid came to school KB soo a teeny kid a
tiny kid a kid you might scare with a
jump and a poop the kids were so so
freezing and they were like Ruby is a
sweetheart chocolatey and so we are just
having an after-school I'm sorry I can't
pay attention when there's little legs
like that in front of me okay no I'm
lunch he just woke up
oh my gosh yeah can daddy have a kiss
can daddy have a kiss have a kiss oh
used to occupy stinking use I'm gonna
give you one you want to read Mean Gene
huh we're here Cody just read me his
book and he did so good and I see this
taking me kiss oh you thought about it
you pucker and then stop I only called
me earlier and she's like I'm sure we've
seen so much of each other and you
probably don't want to come over for
dinner and
like no it's okay and then like an hour
later I called her a mom will be there
for dinner
we'll never be sick of it I might be the
other way around but the bangle I bought
is Jared okay with us when he stops
answering my texts
it starts ignoring my phone calls then
I'll just have to go over there and
confront him in person
I will not choke you hey what is going
on here we are doing a little New Year's
ari trim eat ramen I have to piss about
through the after oh that's really nice
yeah um since Olivia was a teeny tiny
baby any time I would cut her hair I
cover hair all the time I want to see
her here sorry
probably more than like um the boys hey
no love yeah you're wanting me to like
take it to your neck right yeah you want
me to cut it to your neck that's
devastating she said yes I know okay I'm
you're gonna tell me you didn't know I
didn't do it look out actually that
don't actually okay question do you want
your hair to your butt or your chin your
buns chin your button how about your
budget you punch him that was a good one
well you know in the comments section
brings it to your attention every day
okay forgot we're gonna do a little
tribute trim and then we're gonna be
going okay I am on crisis Patrol and
we've got to get the kids in the car so
I will see you guys tomorrow
