good morning you guys today we are going
to being we are going with a bunch of
family members some on Joel side some on
my side we're all just going is one big
happy family and we're excited we're
going to a resort called
what is it dirty cherry chic the first
thing I want you guys to do though is to
come over to me we're going to get
lotion on their faces they all have dry
dry faces because of the winter air here
so I'm going to put vaseline on their
lips and I'm going to put lotion on
their faces
so come lined up so I can do that for
you guys
you
your boots are frozen because you
accidentally left them outside so you
have the choice you can either smile and
wear these boots or you have to stay
home what do you want to do a boot okay
I know these boots are good boots on
your feet and most kids would be really
grateful to have them so if you keep
crying you'll have to stay home with
that Tiffany because aunt Tiffany is not
coming you want to stay home with that
Tiffany okay you have a choice right now
you can either be happy or you don't get
to come I'm gonna be happy okay let's
wipe our tears away your keep you sir
still crying I can see it see your mouth
you're still trying to cry take a big
deep breath and when I wipe lotion on
your face and chapstick on your lips if
you're still crying I won't bring you
honey okay
like your face up take a big deep breath
a bigger one one more no do it okay you
feel better
face your lips Oh
you
you
you
well we made it and we are here the
resort and it's really not very a cold
day it's actually really warm and I
think that it's like the perfect
slubbing day the only beef I have is
with my herpes you guys this cold sort
like that just sounds disgusting like it
goes like a cold sores are considered
herpes anyway
it's disgusting I feel like like you
know it's just like you just use thrown
off like it's like life is on pause
until it's gone I hope they let you down
oh no tube today you look so cute and
your little hat and your marshmallow
outfit if it let us we just got here and
amber was telling me they that they um
might not let the littlest ones go so
we're hoping you want me to carry that
for you you want me to carry you
hey let me carry your tube some walk up
here behind David come here honey I'll
carry you
okay there's step up on the day look
over here
carry here look at these now your
glasses look at mommy
I'm hearing two tubes and this toddler
and my gloves under my armpits oh great
footage right are you happy now
Google scaredy-cat woohoo my code Boston
you ready
you got something to hold onto
okay I love you do you love me too
they'll love you don't break your leg
okay nervous he's legit nervous like a
lilius all right you gonna give me a big
push to push yeah a big push big push
from the man with the beard
thank you this is like the slowest
lamest hill okay
Oh Cody that hurt hey question you
didn't like it
oh honey I'm sorry do you want to go
again what you know this means they said
yes it's a green a green light with the
baby good luck my little babe you're my
most important cargo please keep him
safe I love you Zachary is that you
that's not Zachary good job here comes
Olivia well that's the answer
Jill took the baby all the way up and
they're like no sorry so he has to walk
down I think Joel's cheating a little
he's gonna send me the baby in the tube
I think life in your own yeah blazing
your own trail walk of shame
hi guys is happy there Lincoln boy hey
where's your mama
hey so man what a man hi there are you
going up again okay have fun
Oh what you think you just want to eat
the snow do ya you're a pill I'm gonna
pick you up and I'll let you sit this
snow you little snow marshmallow it
looks like a turkey you are my favorite
little baby
goodbye cute boy I love you but I just
think it's too cute to not record
we're gonna have a 15-minute log of this
don't fall off you gonna have fun oh
 Emily no yeah hurry well no no I
don't know okay here you go
you don't have okay never mind estos no
just kidding
Oh Lincoln this is where I draw the line
you do not get to lay on your tummy and
eat all the snow daddy this is where you
come in yes no oh you don't think so
this is with I can hear him I can hear
the pop rocks
you like it here you're gonna brave the
storm one more time finally decided they
were gonna be tough enough to go down to
good he was like I want to come in like
you a job rah Oh
you're going we'll go on a pumped-up
tube your tube was too small last time
we'll put you in a big one
busting weight oh all right what color
to do you want you want a red one what
Coach dad gonna happen gonna have a blue
one do you want a green one you want a
blue one
are you doing go to red one here walking
okay walk right off but walk right off
there you go okay come on chubs okay bud
you ready okay let's go whoo bah bah
we're gonna bump Jackson oh you uh you
pay your tickets to come right on this
tubes and this is all they wanted to
play on the hill for free give me your
hand son give me your hand give you a
hug get them to the chopper get them to
the chopper get that ransom shoe up that
seems like a cold way to school
give me your hand I love her show me how
you go down right on that bum whoo cheap
ass led yone hey hi hey I don't wanna go
down hey mr. penguin
oh we have more Swee do a fee first okay
you ready no hmm are you guys ready
cheers I have we are going to firehouse
pizzeria and I even think I saw Grandma
and Grandpa's car we pulled up to the
house to like change out of our like
long johns and to like freshen up a
little bit and every one of the kids was
asleep and so Joel and I looked at each
other yep except for Olivia and so she
yep Olivia gotta watch a movie Joel and
I looked at each other and we were like
yeah we're gonna take a nap too so we
laid our seats back we all took a little
nappy
you're coming my favorite place to nap I
know it was pretty amazing hey we're
here and we're gonna have some pizza and
just finish off the night Joel's parents
made the trip up to Logan and so yeah
just gonna enjoy their company
everything okay do you promise
you go straight to sleep we've had a
huge huge day we had fun and we went to
dinner no it will not because he yep
Santa comes on Christmas Eve
so he'll come again next year can you
say good night to everybody good night
do you guys notice where Cody sleeping
on the floor he doesn't wanna sleep up
on the top I want you to roll over and I
do not want you to touch your toys or
you don't get to keep them in here okay
yeah human you but I can't find a long
chain yeah I'll get it now can you
believe doesn't you take you back to go
skiing yeah doesn't it teach you how to
ski cuz you just wanted to so badly
first skiing and then nobody maybe a
different time yeah yeah okay can you
say good night to everybody night it's
been a long day for you kids it's been a
long day for mom and dad so we're gonna
close the vlog and I'm probably going to
take a bath with one of my bath bombs
tomorrow is New Year's Eve so we're
excited about that
stick around so you can see what we do
for that and we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye bye
