you put this on me please did you
instantly say yes because I was
recording you yeah he's on oh oh oh the
cameras sure okay
um I love this one okay I want it I'll
show you when I get it on I just want it
so when you're looking at me it's like
the way you would write it you know to
mean yeah I think that's right okay good
okay do I look like a grandma wearing a
turtleneck and like a puffy vest there's
nothing wrong with the trollman Connect
Thank You Sophie thing can't be really
furball in than me yeah hmm
so it's my direction can you see that
and that sweet my cute cute neighbor got
this for me and I got her one you are
such a good helper
we got Lincoln all days and we're gonna
lotion him ah panels live you wanted to
hold him okay laying dad the kids have
been like treating him like an infant
lately I don't think he cares though oh
yeah
Here I am how do you do baby
Boston finger where are you
how do you Lincoln
let me see how handsome you look yes you
look so handsome all clean and lotioned
up in your world
genes and sake mind when you're all neck
down oh yes seeing it Lincoln holy Moses
I'm going to walk past this mess because
I have a different mess at hand yes we
have a different message and that we are
going to take care of today and now I'm
not talking about this mess this is the
mess that joel is going to be working on
today this is his project for the day
where are you Jolie I'm cleaning in here
so this is Joel's project the ceiling is
insulated I hate it I think it looks
ugly I mean the middle is so much nicer
now it just looks like an unfinished
space sleeker but this yeah it's the big
problem
yeah it's true it's already warmer it's
10 degrees oh it feels way better in
here so this is what Joel's going to be
working on and the project that I am
going to be working on today is the
kids's bedrooms we want to get all of
their Christmas stuff put back in their
rooms but we can't when it looks like
this huh Boston should get things
cleaned up ma get on yeah well I think
it was a joint effort between everybody
we have all the doors closed I have the
baby gate up here and let's turn the
light on so you guys can play in here
you'll have to be creative and mostly
just make sure that he doesn't put
anything in his mouth
like secret trap you're already doing
your job I'm just going to be right here
but we have
just can't have Lincoln in here while
I'm trying to do this so we're gonna see
how this goes I might not be able to get
anything done till nap time but we'll
see hey Kahn you are going to be as
strong as you possibly can and we are
going to carry this outside can I do
that the whole thing grab underneath oh
my gosh you're gonna keep going oh my
gosh K you're doing so good you're doing
so good k keep going you're doing this
marble run is a hot mess it's kind of a
piece of crap
I feel very disappointed in it I think
what we're gonna do is superglue it I
think we're just going to super glue it
all together so hopefully ill stand up
long enough for the kids to use it
anyway we put a few of the kids favorite
toys up here and we cleaned out the room
so I feel like this is going to be a lot
more fun for the kids to play yeah I
have personally never been a fan of toys
in kids rooms because when they're
learning to sleep they don't leave them
alone so up to this point like kids
usually have nothing in their rooms um
which I feel like helps them a lot to
learn how to sleep now that they have
good sleeping habits I feel like they'll
be just fine with some toys in here and
thanks Jill alright Olivia are you ready
for your task alright let's do it
together okay no how does Louise do it
what does she call it no yes
is everything her to be sorry
Everlast good quality stuff oh alright
we got this where we wanted it we
centered it underneath that light I'm
not a very good like I don't know where
to put things and make them look good
but anyway we thought the perfect spot
for this little cutie her name is sissy
cuz sometimes I call Olivia sissy in a
good way
Olivia told me that on this necklace
that Santa Claus brought heard it um I
probably won't worth I was like what
anyway so we thought that the perfect
spot for it would be on little sissy on
her bed I didn't want to put her up in
my closet and hide her we thought that
it would be fun to see her on the bed
not to put her in the bed now Olivia do
you even know how lucky you are to have
such a pretty room how do we show that
we know that we're grateful for our
things saying thank you and by taking
care of our stuff huh do we ruin our
stuff yeah how do we you have you know
right oh yeah we want to treat our stuff
good because what happens with our stuff
if we're bad to it they'll break yeah
yeah they break but they grow legs and
they run away there's a there's a book
that we got my mom that we hadn't I had
when I was young and it's called the
house that had enough and all the things
got sick and tired of them not taking
care of them so they ran away so you got
take care of our stuff right can I
really do that
oh yeah cute stuff we've been cleaning a
lot in here we're gonna keep it clean
aren't we yeah yeah I think so too
oh my little zeusie you know how Cody
Asche work practice Frankie I get this
um
this is gonna be Cody's crackback okay I
okay and who else do you have
I just for Boston oh and just what does
it what's his name you don't even know
you want to name that one huh look for
okay stick it in here neighbor zebra
zebra get her in there why is it so fun
to have little pretty things in here I'm
going to set it up for you but not if
you whine okay
give me just one second I'm setting up
house right now so if you could just
give me one second okay there we go that
is like the perfect formal room hey that
looks just like you and me when I was
little do you know that I did use to
have blonde hair it looked exactly like
yours so what I'm thinking with how dark
the underneath your hair is
I honestly wonder if your hair will be
brown like mine when you get older you
don't want it to do you I'll she's told
me before she's like I don't want my
hair to be brown like yours I'm like
right here with how blonde dad is you
just might have a chance why does daddy
have blonde I have blonde you have
face-lookers your face white pale very
pale wait see this little teeny tiny
baby and it's onesie it came with a
blanket and the swaddle comes undone and
luckily I if you haven't seen my swaddle
blanket video know just how to swaddle a
little baby I tiny be a tiny one we're
gonna tie it up so it stays like Lincoln
just like we did with Lincoln and Boston
and Cody and Olivia Faust is my
cameraman so you're hearing a lot of
sniffles and movement sorry guys I'm two
rooms down how are you coming in here
this is like a jigsaw puzzle I'm trying
to improve it from last time but I
thought it was just fine last time well
there was just little things I'm like
okay I think we can do this a little
differently here one or take advantage
of some space time oh yeah it makes such
a difference in here it makes such a
difference
oh don't touch it don't touch it just
don't touch I don't justjust don't touch
it just don't touch it
I think you need to embrace the cottage
cheese oh please
please I don't know why it's making me
insane for you to touch it but I don't
know my face against I'm gonna Lock this
door and not let you out if you touch it
one word that's scary I don't like kids
are being occupied with play-doh and
tell me this is not the biggest flipping
pile of dirt from a kitchen floor you've
ever seen I am cleaning through my
fridge and it's like two days ago it was
so full of food and no there's nothing
I'm gonna cook that ham tonight for
dinner though today is just a day of
cleaning we're getting a lot of stuff
done it's like your house just gets
trashed during the holidays because
everyone's just partying and like
lounging but today is clean-up day
because in we've got another two days of
like partying coming up so I'm making it
elsa here really our cute neighbor tandy
brought the kids over these little
things which is awesome because it's
been keeping them
Tandi yeah okay are you building a
snowman that's a good one
hey whatever happened to our melting
snowman hmm
Cody that's an awesome snowman you did
so good I was trying to kiss Jimmy into
milk but it didn't look that I wasn't
gonna smoke oh that's what that stuff on
top is not hair it can Oh what do you
mean smoke that I can be like a smoker
Oh like a pipe yeah oh my gosh look I
need to make him mouth look at his eyes
and his nose he's good and yeah your
doll
she got me um I'm not even getting back
Olivia
that looks so good
good job Kent this is Monsoor your head
that's head
here's braid yeah they're spread the
shoes there's the hands face I don't
know right there you can't see little
shoe arms
blinky hair eyes I just added the
buttons in my hands and smile but the
nose isn't really it's kind of weird I
made this a little smaller and foot so
it will have little buttons until I saw
the hair to that I that I saw I love but
I don't know how I make the back of a
shield can you go give Calvin a big hug
goodbye
can you go get Calvin a big hug goodbye
big hugs
oh thanks for letting us play Calvin oh
he wants another one
thanks for letting us play goodbye
okay see you later bye
something that Olivia and I have been
trying at night I want to find this silk
some things I've heard like silk
pillowcases are good for hair
really sure so I want to find some sort
of a something like silk to tie her hair
up in like like something that holds her
hair and ties up at the top I did it
with a bandana but I just kept slipping
up down here anyway I got this shower
cap a long time ago and I've just been
clipping her hair up because her hair I
mean in the morning it's a disaster wolf
comb it at night and in the morning it's
a hot hot mess so we did this last night
and her hair was like amazing when you
woke up huh hmm does it bother you when
you sleep no not really no okay shake I
like it you do but I took the shower cap
cap off and the clip in morning and it
was just fine was that your hair looks
awesome she hugs me that means you love
me well we didn't get all the cleaning
done that we wanted to but we got three
rooms done so I'm thinking we'll be
ready to put all of our crumbles away
after the new year when do you guys put
your Christmas trees down when did you
guys do when you were a kid Bethany
years after New Year's just a pen from
the year sometimes it was like the day
after Christmas everything came down
sometimes we waited it kind of just
depended on like what we were up to so
can you guys tell the everybody
goodnight goodnight and Happy New Year
it's almost New Year's we are we are
going to be tomorrow so stay tuned for
that and we will see you guys in our
next vlog bye guys hey guys
