Lincoln Lincoln Shree show everybody our
trick let's show everybody our trick
okay you ready
why are you again
GD GD you do the game hey hey good
morning everybody we are taking our time
to get things started today because it's
Christmas break so we're taking a break
the children are Oh ice cream um hey Bo
hey bon what why did you say they could
cuz this Christmas break oh yeah yeah
uh-huh
Bonnie's in the shower so she's giving
orders that she cannot back up hi oh my
word okay dad's gonna help you serve
some ice cream and and we'll have some
ice cream I guess you get some kind of a
money
there you go first you go first one
first scoop the first really hard
Christmas ice cream this is so hard yeah
we should probably that this another no
no we'll just make that muscle that is
like a brick of vanilla hi I'm Geeta
Dawson what was to eat is a little bit
okay okay I'm awesome 800
see how much better that is just like
that my school wonder jammies California
give me a bit he's just licking the lid
well what's magic word and just saying
give me it
you said give me it I said I want that
one I want that one what's the magic
word Olivia what's the magic word please
Oh another big one no you got two in
there no Lola Wow Boston Boston hold up
your hand hold up your bath bomb Oh
what's left of it
they had little ducky bath bombs that
they were playing with I guess they're
all gone yeah do you want to see what
your face looks like Carol turn this up
so you can see it you like that uh what
who are you I'm a poopoo No and happy
new what mustn't and be happy Christmas
oh hey what colors the water green or
kind of green ah greenness like the hole
mm-hmm dark II hope green
yeah let's try it again no no no no no
no no no Mac no no no no no let's play
oh that's not the game we're playing no
that is the game I wha run man
give me your paw okay you're gonna watch
me shoot this ball you're gonna watch
dad play with this toy he does not agree
oMG look at him just want to spend some
time with you he just totally copied you
make it like well if you want to make a
basket you better hurry enjoy so much to
ask for a little quality time Oh boohoo
one more time try it again yeah yeah
Lincoln come here where's your eyes
where's your nose where's your nose
touch your nose
Oh get up in the chair okay
Lincoln where's your nose yes baby drive
where's your eyes look at them point to
his nose oh my gosh shut your eyes I
don't poke it yeah okay
simple he's such a pill he's our
feistiest baby he's fine he's got a lot
of personality to him he has a lot of
life to him he looks like the Griffith
and the Christmas or angry people can be
a little feisty feisty demanding did you
smell hey you look really cute today
Oh oh sorry sorry
yes I have a cold sore no kiss wait with
it he just hit me instead just just get
a spatula and hit me I don't want to go
um yeah right Jolin get a cold sore even
if he tried no I have a cold right now I
am miserable I hate having called just
like in your eyes your head and I hate
even saying that I try to hide from the
vloggers from like YouTube when I'm sick
like I don't want to be sick because
anymore emergency no Joe and I we have
the exact same like diet diet the exact
same germs in our home I always get sick
Joel never get sick I just get the flu
when I get it and that's it yeah
probably like maybe maybe once a year
you get the flu mm-hmm I don't know why
when I was young I swear I didn't get
guys there's I do mean vitamins E
oh no no no chin toys my table no no no
sharp edges I think Lincoln Nationals
Lincoln ball no it's under your legs
right that's right there
Lincoln where's your nose where's your
nose oh would you like to play a game
would you like to play a game all lucky
dude damn it did you see what you just
did he made a basketballs goal good
cheap then oh no no no no no no no no no
no no no see I'm teasing me I love you I
love you I love you high five honey Oh
looks amazing there's a reason that I
don't do
his hair like this very often it's so
long and heavy but it doesn't really
hold him for all anymore I know it makes
me sad she has natural curly hair and
I'll mix you in little it was so easily
curled because it was short and light
but another hair come on it is only say
this girl I just had you try it again
she looks like cousin it right now there
have been many many times I've seen
Bonnie doing that in the bathroom did
she have school so early I never get a
chance to do this and churches early on
the weekend so I never
just special occasions or lazy or lazy a
Christmas break so you gotta wait
another 52 weeks before we do it again
are you guys ready for the final product
the final hair products your face girl
yeah ha ha ha um you're okay but your
hands done I'm trying to see your hair
not your amazing personality right now
um yes I used to do your hair like that
all the time so we insert a picture here
and can I just tell you something I used
to hate doing this at me like I thought
I would let you know you said the same
things today that you did and when
you're little
Olivia it looks beautiful yeah I know
and I did my hair curly tonight - so you
guys can be hurry
um I think mine is a little bit more
curlier than yours like I think I've got
well yeah I would say mine's a little
bit more curly than yours Ellen okay
touch ah you put mom's boot on
oh okay here here put it closer now you
can put it on there you go put it closer
there you go can you get it hurry
Mawson ja okay there you go
oh you got it you got
they are here and they're doing the
installation right now for that room and
the guy said it is going to get really
hot in there because of a chemical
reaction and he said it's going to be
really really potent team so we are
going to close the blog here and get out
of the house and let him do his work
let's see if I can show a picture or get
some view of it
coming in on the ceilings and
the edges so cool
I'm so excited to have that problem
mitigated stinks that we're doing it now
and it's a lot of work and this is all
the room that was in there it stinks
that we have to do that right now but
there are a lot worse things that could
have happened so I'm okay with it
and it is what it is and we will see you
guys come on bye guys
