good morning it is the day after
Christmas the second best day of the
year we have plenty of snow we have four
sun shining blue skies so we are going
to go outside and we're going to enjoy
our god-given my peanut again
there is something that I need to reveal
and I hope grandpa holing doesn't mind
this is out of my control
grandpa howleen made us this really
sweet Christmas decoration which I loved
and the kids did not they were not fans
of this being an ornament they wanted to
actually use it so they ripped off the
decorative wreath and they're using this
sled as a real slab do you see this
amazing little slut it's like a wheel
it's we it's real wood real metal and it
functions young Cody just could not
picture this being an ornament he had to
actually put it to use so trusty little
what's-his-name
quack-quack-quack back is um he's ready
to go sledding aren't you crack back
yeah you or are you nervous yeah yeah
you can see he is safely strapped in
with some tape and in order to have some
good back support
we have captain ax um what's his name G
game do we have jake and the neverland
pirates back here being a back sport you
see he's got one hand up here supporting
the back one hand down here and yeah so
this is how we're gonna go sledding
today I think this was I I totally know
awesome I totally know that Jake will
fall off don't you think so hmm kind of
heavy when you carry it is kind of heavy
but you were not about to go sledding
without crack back where you let me help
come here saved my Olivia almost ruined
by Olivia well my partner in crime is
here usually may recognize this little
van Bo and Emily we're going to come
with us but it didn't line up with their
nap schedules which that's like a huge
deal for all of us so they're going to
be doing a little four-wheeling
so after ass but hey I got this leg did
she oh she's doing my hand look at that
she is a real trooper are you guys gonna
hold on tight okay here you hold this we
are just going to go around the corner
we got everyone loaded up and we're
gonna go
right go ahead
it's up to your knees out there okay
just my ankles really bad you know same
same but different
I cannot believe the way Boston is being
pulled
haha
yeah we are doing it by the church hey
you better hold on Boston he's real mad
cuz he fell hold on hold on
okay you ready okay ready set go go
daddy you're my best friend I can't even
see your face is so bright okay my
beautiful boy I ran and got you your
sled now he is on the top of a monster
hey sit down on your bun first please I
want you to live I love you so much
don't get hurt oh I don't want you on
your knees honey sit on your back cake
my king of the mountain get going oh wow
that wasn't as crazy you could go on
your knees if you want to look he's
recruiting he's recruiting the others
you wanna go first okay we'll see if you
can climb up this big mountain he's
asked for me oh oh okay okay okay bring
this love up look at these two trying to
get on the mountain they're not gonna
make it I'm not gonna make it oh you
little sweeties hey handy to Olivia
we'll see how she does be careful baby
girl you're my only girl I can't lose
you now
I go on your bumbum Oh My heck you made
it busted okay ready set go Jax you're
almost here look I'm freaking Jared out
there oh my gosh there there is mud
flying everywhere
Wow Cody doesn't even need a sled Oh
Boston doesn't even need a sled are you
strong enough to go up those big
mountains Wow
I'm so lucky to be related to you yeah
come on little boys - wait oh oh this is
a good one
ready set go oh you're losing your sled
losing your seat oh that's funny
okay wait till she's all the way ready
good job Boston Boston you're such a
good helper
you're right down there what is that
make me climb Matt are you serious I
love you too baby
you look like you fared well today young
monkey this is about what it looks like
the day after Christmas we still have
snacks lingering around but they're
dwindling down I'm just eating almost
just ate it right on camera you go put
the baby down and I'll go put the kids
down okay Joel and I like to trade off
sometimes I'm like I'll do the baby you
do the kids and sometimes it's like I'll
do the kids you do the baby it really
just depends on what's going on so I'm
going to tell you what we get to do
tonight because we're on Christmas break
come here because we're on Christmas
break and I want you guys to enjoy
yourselves too instead of going straight
to sleep like we normally do I'll let
you guys play together in a room quietly
I'll place my my my Riggle layer flow
everybody well one thing goes in the
tummy the one that's not loud my
campbellot is my check and when it's
over I'm going I'm like Whitely with my
marvel run you ask my deal yes Olivia
did you kiss it remember yeah we were
solitary are you okay with that
arrangement and one playing down here
quietly instead of going straight to bed
yeah but so what's up Boston Boston so
if you're noisy what's going to happen
thank you
straight to bed if you fight then what's
gonna happen straight to bed
a G a G that's wrong y-yes
so if you can play quietly and enjoy
yourselves down here
you can just enjoy the night where I
push my button oh nice cool yeah cuz
they're really loud huh no yes school
yes okay why don't you kids come and say
good night to everybody can you squeeze
in here and look at everybody
right to everybody I am English nope
that's just a crack in the screen
sweetie and how really nice a bye-bye
yeah love you guys I will see you
tomorrow bye
