you
you
you
Oh what is that
dad look look Wow oh that's pretty
I said I don't think oh it's rubber I
can't look it was it oh that's my mom's
that's a daddy got me last night
oh you asked for it hmm I hope I get a
more more running out 100 watts see good
let me open it up bugged and be nice
here let me get it get it you get you
get him Crysta face robot face robot and
there's no remote to it look at that
face
look this guy's he's like not even like
forgetting what do you think oh wow if I
turn here you know see we got a do you
oh well let me just say this is that
yours
Oh boss oh my gosh he is totally took
Olivia's turn five motivation
yeah
what is he a destroyer but can I get
this that was so cute that's kind of a
baby toy for you you don't shake that's
pretty cool this is Clum I know I really
owe
what is this a train uh-huh I'm gonna
tell whether it is a button-down
phylidia a buyers look one second
carry your dolls in it yeah oh boy is
right that way when you go in the car
now you have something to put her in
this one now you've been asking for a
marble run for three years now
I don't you know what Czech scooter
could I have 200 so they bring the
marble look and they roll into that one
your police car at least might be your
one yo your walkie-talkie right there
honey
police removes his police remote he is
so sweet
so toy you know me right outside what
are you gonna cut down through not my
Christmas tree
don't do it outside
he's like what can I cut down
safety first Boston yes but it has
actual speed changes and it's before Dan
reverse like just amazing
precisely it's a toy that's awesome
where's Lincoln
don't you think we should see him you
want to go through the class but for you
oh no way Thomas is he poopy no okay
she'll go see what Santa Claus Bridey
honey should we see if he instinctively
knows what's his name Ken okay he sees
it he's like okay Lincoln come here come
here
wowser he knows they're gonna go to push
that button I don't want to turn it on
yet cuz it's gonna be noisy all day
woody see what do you think of that he's
so tired that is just your size
I don't want to turn it on yeah I know I
can I've been dreaming bring me over and
over and over and over and what did you
think when you woke up okay
better can open and when you saw
everything what did you think I'll go
crying to find my name's and I'm ready
open the first thing I I don't believe
that just okay I really I'm looting your
puppet puppet Olivia that's nice of you
to help him
oh so cute yeah a little airplane he's
deeply fuzzy yeah I thought he wasn't
Geordi part I thought he wasn't dirty
let's see ah sweet Lincoln hey you know
how to do that totally forgot your
fingering didn't you
that was totally better look at him
hi baby um Boston Wade that is the
coolest rug he can make a success
singular he's just thinking just yeah if
he's just thinking for us okay I love
that he likes it look at him Boston look
at this picture that's what you're
that's what the rug looks like do you
think it will fit in your run all he has
this rug you can use these cars on your
new rug
let me have my friends no hold on wait
that's yes this is mine oh whoa hold on
Boston's gonna cut open this rag job
busting a living room living room
another brother how many brothers do you
need black bags
it looks like dollhouse stuff but yeah
actually looks like a family living in
where are you gonna put your dollhouse
stuff and here's the bed um do you think
yes all right code has been dying to
open this one go ahead it's for me and
Boston what this oh please
fish me no it's not just yours it's mine
and yours you said her name on the
Boston case yeah heaven me and then I'm
gonna open that because it says my name
my file will have one more are you
seeing this Joel
Olivia those so are our house up and
down oh I had to Regan I would say
Jimmy you did yes
so we had to take a little break we had
to get Lincoln's diaper changed and
clean up your wrapping paper just a
little bit and this is close last Friday
Elliot and Olivia Michael
oh no that's somebody else oh my gosh
don't do you know what it is I don't
even know the commercial is Wow oh my
word that is so cool honey you don't
like the Bing well Cody what is it
let's see that is a really cool looking
car a green race car let me see the top
of it
Wow does look pretty yeah cool pretty
legit don't they so is that what we
decided on do we think it's a a race car
you want to do okay you can do a lot of
your eyes closed okay
open your eyes turn around I saw on the
back a jewelry box that is so crazy
nanodroids there's - yes yes - of the
ballerina
Oh create nightmares and put together
yeah pretty the table aw I love it that
is so cool what else here it's up at you
as you're doing wait a minute more
Olivia I don't know if mom's checked her
stocking over there um what no no no no
no no no this one's mommy stocking cake
Kota legit yours is over here you
already open this okay no more whining
right now for a second okay we're gonna
we're gonna go play okay I love the
shape of the box it's like I love the
box what the heck oh this is that that
is not a Tiffany's like this is not a
signature blue no oh no no
Oh God
you recognize the stones does my dog
wanna see is that what she wants to see
thank you so these little stones that's
Olivia that's Cody
that's Boston and that's Lincoln and how
fitting is it really green oh yeah hold
on
come focus how fitting is it the
Lincoln's is grinned at boston's is
green these are you kisses birthmarks
her birth songs Oh what do you think oh
I love it I love it it's exactly what I
wanted you to have
yeah like me guys no no wear it it's my
love the butter for me and my little
belly is my she was covering my
everything you don't anyways you know
anybody to see that thank you ain't
nobody wants to see ya
okay I'm opening them we got to open
them one at a time I got an eight go
back mom did you say you do
monkey here in your back home see oh my
I have one in my box - an angel yeah we
could have Twitter angel baths glitter I
can't get over this I cannot get over
this I love it look at this in Boston
it's like a big truck hey these are
actually really good little cars I don't
like them well you think little Wayde
King
that's Lincoln's why you helped him open
it we love your tools oh my gosh I'm so
glad he's on your truck and run roadway
what does it say what's the title oh
that's sweet is that for my mom grandma
yes so sweet I want you to know and I
want to tell you how much I love you do
you know how much I love you I love you
talk hurts thank you for waking me my
trap tree go put it together
so welcome light little boy do you love
me too
yeah all morning long I've been trying
to keep him from eating all these
chocolates yeah mister I've been feeding
him and this is what he loves to do he
likes to stand on the bench put his
belly over the edge no shame eat
whatever he wants
you're a pill I'll let you I'll let you
man him
I'm gonna go sue the kids are up -
enough
um what did you hear that I love you
she's so pretty
yeah cousin oh yeah if you love it
you want me to undo him
you gotta learn how look come here you
just gotta push hard yep and get them
yes put your baby Hulk inside to love it
Lincoln did good getting you that dad
helped him you did okay on that racecar
track is awesome Wow
they don't need Miller to jump any fog
Wow Boston just said I hope that the
Grinch didn't get the presents I said I
don't think you did cuz we got him and
he said huh I have an idea
Oh cut the Grinch with my tools and they
said oh I don't want to go up on the
mountain by the Grinch ah I have an idea
what's your idea no I'll get the Grinch
what's the please have surfer this is
this the police officer phone your
walkie-talkies your police officer phone
okay you tell them get the bridge are
they coming oh sorry they're glad other
than what oh yeah
okay okay I got one thing to say duty
calls
you gonna go class some snow it's time
for mr. plow to go out I wish you had a
GoPro to take with you me too but you
know what I am excited the way these
more not be you know oh are they oh yeah
underneath me nice and warm all right
I'm gonna watch you go hey didn't see me
leave but love to watch me walk away I
didn't know you could move your hips
like that oh my gosh look how much does
last night he was so upset that there
wasn't going to be any snow for him to
plow you guys look at the ground it's
flat covered in snow snow snow
now
we are heading to church it is 8:30 in
the morning say 40 it's 8:40 yeah we're
supposed to leave at 8:30 and I'm going
to church with my teeth not rest
no makeup on and I couldn't be more
excited and well there's a foot of snow
I thought they canceled of the beyond I
thought they made what with leave mouths
no that's out there I thought for sure
they made Kaplan oh why wouldn't and
race just because the only I only have
you walking down the road the plows ha
ha ha
oh okay Olivia your cardigan is on
upside-down car ha ha ha take your arms
out this is gone upside down for my coat
the cheapest way to brush your teeth
just eat a mint chocolate hey have not
cheap cavities aren't cheap let's go
I'm so grateful that we made it to
church today that we made the effort to
go because it was so wonderful seeing
everybody there the second we got in we
had to hurry and change the boys they
run out and meet daddy run and meet
daddy they're gonna run back to the
church and plow it again cuz it just
kept on snowing be safe and be warm I
love you I have to see you head to toe
because you are decked out little little
Mickey Lincoln various is it that cute
we are all ready to go
let me see you mr. weighty you look good
too well they're outfits you got Million
Dollar Baby
oh my gosh I know no suits and you have
to hear in the new table lizard you have
to yes I know you don't what you have to
look at him Scalla me the only person
this baby kisses is my dad okay that he
was grabbing his face pulling him in
tight kissing him oh my gosh where's
grandpa
you give him kisses nope he's done bacon
hello Lincoln hello baby boys hello
Calvin and Lincoln Boston Larry see that
huge smile you're having so much he's
not my face is frozen that way it's
frozen but you feel later her eyelids
are fro shut Clarke
oh no you too Lincoln I don't think
you're being nice yeah and now you're
smiling cuz I'm no no no angel oh you
doing okay baby grandma and grandpa
checking out the loot that Santa brought
and bought Cody is just going nuts over
his little unki racetrack I think it's
his favorite toy isn't it is this your
favorite card he used to be my favorite
Oliver is it that it's actually very
cool there's a current that runs through
this and you use your smartphone to do
it anyway if you send like a bomb to the
other racer it'll actually flip the car
off the track pretty sweet it is the end
of the night and we
I'm not partied out like I was getting
this I was gonna say I'm about partied
out but I'm totally not we party all day
long we enjoyed every single bit of
today and there was so much that we
didn't vlog I think this
log is going to be like it Aleman that's
good hour to get our so if you made it
to the end you are amazing and dedicated
thumbs up if you make it to the end so
for you guys um this is the last day of
Christmas not of Christmas vacation but
Christmas and knows I'm christmasing
Christmas does not until New Year's for
me and just never does New Year's the
day after New Year's I definitely start
getting the Christmas I never got the
Christmas blues my parents were talking
about it today I'm gonna tell you guys
my absolute favorite part of today my
favorite part of the day was when Aunt
Linda caught my eye from across the room
made sure my dad wasn't watching and
cursed at me rolled her eyes at me and
was made a very known that she was mad
that I didn't get her a present
so I ran in my room and I found all the
lush products that I could um find and I
gave her a bag full of lash and boy she
was happy is London and yes she there
was very funny that was my favorite part
of the day she's been a fun highlight of
our holidays I think cuz it that she's
had a lot of time with her run around we
can't think about that too much because
that will be probably the funnest most
tender funeral ever I think um my I've
had at Linda in my life since I before I
was born and she's a rich she's been
around at every all many holidays many
holidays many love her love her gotta
love it she for this scared me when she
was mad and I thought I'm gonna get her
a present right now I had a little bag
of goodies made up for it cuz I sent her
home with something oh you don't need
any more chemo um we love you guys so
much I hope that you guys had as good of
holiday as we did I I loved being with
everybody I loved the snow bo and Emily
and Kate and Henry came over we've got a
wonderful
this the snow has been amazing we oh I
just want to say we love you again and
Merry Christmas and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
see you tomorrow I guess hi guys
