I'm not entirely sure what to do here
and I think somebody pooped since then -
because it's thank you oh no what
happened the milk spilled the milk who
spilled your serum no spilled the cereal
Boston was a bus that just ran me over
who filled the cereal did you did you
throw the milk check out there Lincoln I
actually did hello you handsome man
would you like to hear my dream last
night was about me know if it was about
Casey I had a dream last night that me
and my mom were fighting and she was
trying to convince me that Lincoln
didn't need to take naps anymore and
that he would go to bed better at night
if I didn't allow him to take naps and I
was just like I'm sorry like I like to
take your advice but I had to put my
foot down Lincoln is not ready to stop
taking naps and you are not gonna take
this away from me
maybe my mom you're not the mother of my
child I guess some people could say I'm
a little protective of my youngest baby
yeah I've got my laptop I've got my
notes and I've got my coat joel is
scraping off the truck for us can you
hear that is this pathway just for me
this pathway just for me is that stuck
that way cuz of the ice yeah Oh snows
hard on vehicles but it is like the most
gorgeous thing I love hearing you guys
say things like we don't have any snow
here or I've never seen the snow that
makes me sad for you guys the snow is
incredible and one of my favorite things
about living in Utah is that we get the
winter we get hot summers we get nice
cool Falls and nice cool spring I love
our fourth season today I thought it
would be a lot of fun to do a Q&A with
the kids I'm going to start out with a
tough question do you have a boyfriend
and you don't have one right now is
there anyone else that you like you
don't have to say their name
my girlfriend wasn't here yesterday
today what what your love let the bet
it's interesting that you came up
talking about your girlfriend my
question is is do you have a girlfriend
yes you technically don't but you do
what does that even mean Boston do you
have a girlfriend no do you love anybody
I love you Lincoln you don't have a
girlfriend
who do you love Jesus oh wow
me too who's your best friend
probably Archer she gave me this
necklace today she went sweetest note
it's like he's been like a good friend
you say nice things about me and she's
like somebody who's your best friend
Baylin my girlfriend do you have a boy
best friend that you like to do stuff
with did your uncle Bobo had a friend
named Clark who is your best friend you
don't have any friends if I set you
right here can I ask you some questions
who's your best friend who's your friend
if you could go anywhere in the world
where would you go now if you could go
anywhere in the world on vacation where
would you go
really you'd go back to the same place
yeah if you could go anywhere in the
world where would you go that was fast
if you could go anywhere in the world
where would you go do you like doing
YouTube videos if I'm not tired yes I do
do you like doing YouTube videos no how
come because when dad edits I don't have
time to play with him ah do you like
doing YouTube videos what do you like
about them yeah you liked doing our
crayon video crayons what is your
favorite treat
besides Twix I really like
DePaul's like the orange in your folders
M&M it's a type of eminence that I
really Reese's Pieces what is your
favorite treat in cans and drop it what
is your favorite treat in the world
Muffy dances
what kind of treats do you like what
other kinds okay that's all we're gonna
get
what do you want to be when you grow up
that's a retard I really do like dogs so
I was right I was like choosing on being
like a pet
what kind of job do you want do you want
a dog yes every time they asked me would
you ever want to get a dog I'm always
like yes I want a dog we have a neighbor
that lets us walk on the night every day
I'm like mom can I go ask if I can walk
the dog cuz I literally love dogs all I
can think of is just getting a dog area
when do you want a big dog or small dogs
a medium dog not like a big one or like
I want like a medium like to share or
something so I can actually like say do
you want to get a dog yes
I'll need color for it you want to color
it the ones that go around your neck a
collar yeah do you want a dog
now why and they shattered fish in
shampoo bottle ooh shed
yeah they shed and I don't like it do
you want a doggy
what and think what would you name your
doggy
candy what do you want to be when you
grow up actually at least no sir because
they you know anything stuck in this guy
why do you want to be a police officer I
mean people they love researcher like
their cars who do you like to play with
who do you like to play with please do
like to play with Jackson and Calvin do
you like making videos
you know that interview I think that
concludes our interview thank you very
much that's all the questions I have for
you give me five
and just like promised four and three my
question are you gonna share that with
me oh it smells so good
okay go put it in the garbage
how do you know you hate something if
you haven't even taken one tiny bite a
day in your life you've never tried this
stir-fry do you like it that's baloney
do you like it Olivia
honest honest Kate do you like it Kate
comes to our house and she eats anything
I put in front of her and look she's got
a smile on her face and look at you you
little turds you're complaining exactly
my little angels and my little devils
you little stinker you eat everything
including your boogers
Lincoln's in bed Olivia's practicing the
piano and Boston needs me to wipe his
bum yes I'm in my room already okay if
you guys want to see our last video that
we did go ahead and click on the screen
if you guys want to see our bloopers
playlist they're hilarious in the
comments say so so if you want to check
it out go ahead and click the other
playlist thank you guys so much for
watching and we'll see you later bye
