Christmas breakfast success yes baby
it's your breakfast
this is a special Christmas Eve
breakfast tally will net punch roll
pedal what I give printe I opened it and
that's it throw up and then a 100 will
win it
Olivia want my peace my peace well let's
get it let's get our paw patrol puzzle
put back and we'll give that back to
Boston because he loves that paw patrol
puzzle oh my god you loved it he does
what's your doggy's name uh Bucky yeah
you buy sticky fingers he's no funny
Lincoln don't wanna get my dog I'm sorry
what
now my person will get on now
Christmas Eve morning and we are having
a good time the kids are putting their
money from Grandma last night in their
piggy banks
our grandpa that lives next door
he brought us it top show me it make it
work
what look at that
dang it all your money's gone let's
don't let's don't talk like that but I
really can't go like this
uh-huh I think you just put in oh good
Lincoln's happy for a few minutes so
we're happy for a few minutes and we're
watching the greatest Christmas movie of
all time
Christmas national on Poon's vacation
vacation Christmas vacation
oh you better watch out oh you better
watch out you better not cry face of
time into town you better not cry you
better not pout I'm telling you why come
into town you guys know why we're making
cookies for Santa Claus for sooner for
me and Mama Rory's at ELQ cute and
market smell good
what's a gosh Bastian doll you get so
cool they're so full huh help that yes
and that's why we can't have too many so
we don't want fat Tommy's like hey you
know what guys
sighs right what um and we are gonna
make some cookies for ourselves
mm-hm and Gina why these ones are so
special some of the watches our videos
them to us okay
you
you
okay I just want to get the tripod set
up so that I just so sit there and I
just want to get the tripod set up so as
soon as Lincoln wakes up we can take a
picture so sues Lincoln wakes up I can
take a picture and it's painless okay
let me see the bear bottom
hold on Lucy the bear bottom your mom
you know what I like
do you know the cameras on do you know
how I'm recording yeah what do you think
I'm performing there is a special
Christmas one right there and it has a
gingerbread on it do you think of that
nine yeah can you believe that you think
sizing do see the close ones that watch
that do you think sounds gonna love them
is that one's Olivia that's pretty good
okay do it again I want to see you
things that kids do when they're waiting
for present time that's pretty good okay
oh okay you want me and ready oh we will
start from the oldest to youngest now
who got you this present
Cody Cody got it for you shot kid house
there this is shopkin in it no I'm
excited
do you know what I think we're gonna let
Lincoln go next look
Lincoln you want to open one who he gave
you his house Cody hey nigga here - wait
oh just a minute cone huh woke in it
what are you saying
I just a minute yeah that's for Lincoln
fuck didn't you hip what is it it's a
whole robot yeah you're hooking in oh oh
go ahead go ahead and Olivia got that
for you how did you know
what's in there what's in there yeah
Boston look look yeah he opened your
goofy yes thank you scooby oh well
that's just insulting I think it's a
whole robot
oh my gosh none of that is provoked oh
my gosh oh my mummy heart is like
melting they're like each other
oh yeah um let's take our toys with us
and we go over to we're gonna go we're
gonna go to Le and Ji uncle Jarrod's for
some dinner mom and dad are spending
Christmas over there and luckily we're
just a few minutes away so we'll go
around okay let's go to dinner
down through the chimney without the
last thing that we're gonna do tonight
before the kids go to bed
olivia has a very special present that
she has give you wants to give me and
you thought of it all by yourself didn't
you
okay start from the edge oh that's a
different kind of unread you want to
give me one I wanted one let's see do
you know why I have it one because
Olivia had one that looked like her and
I wanted one that looked like me let's
see her Oh brown hair and brown eyes
brown hair and brown eyes let's see
that's right I guess yeah oh yes yes
yeah
see my eyebrows his eyelashes yes okay
there
I'm still a nice yellow okay I've got
engineers a pair of mine do you know
what I'm gonna leave her just the way
she is for now yeah okay Thank You
Olivia
no Olivia did you do paper cuz you like
it money daddy's gonna - Bernie so just
like came for free girl like you buddy
Easter card I like my car
we used daddy's guard the kids are all
in bed and they know that once they went
to bed Jill and I were going to exchange
our gifts to each other yeah and I'm so
excited the first year we did this it
was like let's just exchange stockings
real quick and then the next year it was
like let's do stockings and a present
and it just feels so nice to like I
don't I'll have our Christmas Eve date
together and so that's what we want to
do and last year we didn't record it and
I wish we would have it was really sweet
like I don't know it was more personal
though yeah yeah just not to her yeah so
does that mean the rest of em are gonna
be let down if I'm opening the big one
no no and there's a little thing behind
it that's you free your stocking for
just so little guy oh this is literally
the only thing I cared about this year
huh don't use it right now it's a nose
and ear hair trimmer and it's it's a
it's not battery-powered so you manually
do it so you're not like hmm I'm so
excited I honestly didn't think you were
gonna do it yeah I don't have to go get
my own
no thank you this is miss enough I can't
read you okay your turn no go ahead
don't even open this really yep this is
nothing to do that for serious yeah
it's nothing it is a score by doom ideas
of what it might be really okay it's
first time
yeah I just say what do you thinking
what did you think it was I think it's a
coat a coat okay go ahead whoa check
that luggage out it's a it's a duffel
bag it's a handmade leather duffel bag
whoa
never would have guessed it well we go
every everywhere we go we have had this
one time you bought cologne my dad
bought come on and he got a free duffel
bag and I just kind of claimed it oh the
boss you've a bottie go back alone
I haven't even felt it I haven't even
looked at it just like this oh my word
so now when we like cool places this is
what we can put our stuff in man oh my
word what are we I mean you know both of
us this is like now is it Mary Poppins
so like plants are gonna come in a bit
I love it do you like that I love it you
know a spoonful of sugar makes the
medicine go down I don't want to use it
yes use the describe it no use the crap
out of it we'll just use it and then
it's saddle soap it up and mm-hmm use it
again I love it thank you so much hey
your turn I'm seriously nervous right
now that's not that time is already past
just open your presents and enjoy
oh yes do you know this brand this you
not round this earth I don't that's why
I'm asking I went to the store
have they were like you guys not that
great because and Bonnie wanted a
specific color when she'd mentioned them
and dis Ram doesn't offer it they were
like this is the brand you want it's a
hand mixer but it's a nice one I feel
bad because Bonnie made like her sugar
cookies today with her old one and did
you hear me getting ticked when I was in
there I was like I can't hold this thing
did you hear me yeah it's that one
stones been used too much but this is
perfect thank you is it a cow no I just
so reason I thought I thought right okay
got me a tight mmm I did not get your
coat for a razor huh I think there's one
that's already open somewhere easy yep
there's here we go whoa so joel has this
belt that he has and we have often
fought about it because he wears it all
the time instead of just for church and
it's a worn out it's a beautiful belt
still so now you can take your church
belt and you can wear it every day okay
this will keep nice this and this is
your new church belt and it's a really
nice one yes it is thank you you're
welcome
do you like the color I'm worried it is
too dark
mm-hmm I bet it'll lighten up - you
think it'll just get darker I thought I
don't know
Jimmy how much you like it I love it I
love that detail this is the one le gasp
ah nope okay did you
can help you tell you that yeah yeah
I'll tell you when you open it okay you
chose the look like our old ones and
medicated is it gonna break you know I
think so but I'm still like it's a puppy
what the heck is this what the heck is
this what the heck is this what the heck
is this it's one of those what the heck
is this so a certain person was ordering
one as well and they called me beautiful
yes kiss you tell him mm-hmm
so Oh I was hoping it would be green
inside like my mom's
oh I well that's why Bonnie wanted one
so bad because her mom has one okay so
my grandma had everything made my
grandma had everything made and I think
anyway the guy that makes my grandma had
some jewelry boxes made oh my gosh and
and I always have wanted a big jewelry
box like that and anyway my the guy that
made them is still around and he doesn't
like making jewelry boxes but he keeps
making him because women demand him to
make them anyway he you don't get a
choice in what it looks like nothing he
picks a jewelry box out of each year
it's a little bit different and this is
apparently the one he did this year and
I can't I wonder oh my god look at that
beautiful that is oh my gosh I'm so
excited I'm so excited
um the inside has like a velvet to it
and this one is purple my I think my
mom's is green um and I think Ruby got
my grandma's I think or maybe Ruby had
one know I may be McKenna has but my
grandma's I can't remember but like this
is something I have grown up looking at
and all my aunt's have one so it's
amazing that that guy is still around
you know kind of what it is you don't
know good what does my mom know you got
this for me
I think so
I'm so excited and I debated having one
made for Olivia and I thought nope she
can have mine when I'm done with it look
at this jewelry box have you ever seen
have you ever seen grandma's jewelry box
oh no I need to show you grandma's
jewelry box look how pretty that is
got me creamy Italian oh nice this kind
is it really yeah
I want to see him so bad I wanna see his
box socks supposed to go on the inside
your shoe whoa
oh my gosh nice and whenever I've been
given these I didn't I've never bought a
pair for myself but I've always been
given them and the best people in the
world
give these my well Joel had done some
work for my mom and we were going
through a really rough time um and my
mom had bought these for Joel and it was
I don't know what was more meaningful
than she bought such a nice gift for you
or just because I think she it was her
way of saying that she loved us that she
loved you and my dad wears slowly you
collect these slowly um anyway my dad
wears these kind of shoes and they're
just I don't know it's CG like do you
like that I was hoping the belt would be
just higher best but the darkest part of
the shoe it matches they go together um
anyway Mike can I have a show tomorrow
sure they'll see me wearing yeah anyway
this just I don't know it's just kind of
fun and you're gonna look so hot in
these
I'm trying to think oh I'm a little
nervous I'm like what close your knees I
can't believe you cut that dress I I
don't know if I should be I'm a little
sad I'm not sure if I
these are Olivia's clothes and I'm like
oh you come up oh no I like it's just
like Oh Oh Bonnie has like drawers of
Olivia's clothes and they just sit there
and their stuff she's never gonna get
rid of but I thought we don't she
doesn't get a see him enough and I just
wanted her to have this so they're
called a memory bear and I hired a
friend to make it for me and I picked
out what I thought were some of Bonnie's
most memorable outfits with her and and
I hope she likes about the really
nervous um I just I'm digesting the fact
that that the clothes are I have a
scraps look okay this was Olivia's
little shirt that she wore and that was
the little pocket like I'm just huh
that's part of the shirt well from Park
she is so cute and I don't know where
you're gonna put this thing either
um I know exactly where I'm gonna put it
where in my closet I have a bunch of
things from when I was little and I'm
gonna put that right up there
I cannot believe Tiffany made this this
is amazing it's funny this took me a
minute to like digest the fact that some
of her baby clothes were cut up but now
that I'm looking at because these are my
like favorite ones like her little
purple dress and this like Paisley pink
cowgirl shirt that was my favorite this
is Olivia's one-year-old baby outfit and
her swimsuit oh my gosh I'm it took me a
minute to realize that I like it cuz I'm
like oh but I love it I'm happy because
they're being used and now I'll like see
them you know
I love it good we are gonna close the
vlog because we want Santa Claus to come
yep sorry--but yeah we gotta go to bed
we got a ghost mess cleaned and then go
to bed go to bed you guys we hope you
have an extremely Merry Christmas we
love you guys I will see you tomorrow
bye bye guys
