I want you to sit down now when you're
done practicing stand up now take a
second now go ahead oh that's the best
belt okay I promise Olivia yesterday
that we would paint her nails red
because today is her first recital um
you said not true it's not true this is
going to be the first time that Olivia
performs I should say performance in
front of anybody and so I sent my I told
her yesterday I just we have not had
time yesterday if you guys couldn't tell
in our vlog we were like stressed and
hurrying and like it just was it was a
kind of bad day actually but the movie
was fun that wasn't it
I like the end with like this squid like
the school with the whole thing goes
down squid that was eyeballing this was
such a cracker
yes so I entertained who knows yesterday
and I so except my alarm for 15 minutes
earlier than I wanted to so that I can
make sure that I have time to do your
nails you know I love you right because
your end is love uh-huh red is love and
goodness and Christmas Christmas sister
I want you to sing as loud as you can
okay okay
okay I can put the see yourself pedal
down okay okay all right
yes that's right okay seeing as loud as
you can and you got to say it three
times we wish you a Merry Christmas we
wish you a Merry Christmas K we like you
and Marian Oh slow down not fast just
love cake
that was so good
cavity no it's so good
listen listen you want to sing as loud
as you can tonight okay and what are the
words we wish we wish yep the boys sing
what are the words called
we wish you were Merry Christmas we wish
you were Merry Christmas right
I will never correct them okay I gotta
get to right here put them against the
red curtain cuz that's probably where I
can like see the lows oh he was happy
okay this is exactly what Olivia's hair
looked like when she was little
Cody embosses has been straight that
this is exactly what Olivia's hair
looked like when it was when she was
just little look little bit of those
little tiny baby curls let me see this
cycle yeah that's the moneymaker oh and
here in a couple of years years give us
a couple months but it's years um I was
bald until I was like three ish so
that's all my kids they've taken a long
time to get their hair especially the
curly-headed ones Olivia and Lumpkin are
you guys all fighting over the choo-choo
train look you got snow in your hair huh
you're covered in snow have you guys
been by the tree BRR I'm so glad I spent
so much time getting you oh okay come
here
alright let's party
well we made it to my mom's house and
this is just kind of like the pre-party
so I was looking at presents under the
tree kids are watching movies and Joel
is getting our food let's see our smoker
he went and borrowed his dad's smoker is
not the cute thing out there he's
smoking the meatloaf and we're just
getting the oven warmed up to warm up
and the Dutch oven potatoes that we made
yesterday and this is such a good salad
when we went to lunch with Joel's
brother the other day we we went to hug
Hess and yeah anyway that's a really
good salad so we're just kind of like
getting things were ready to go
cruising here Yellin you to stop
fighting what's the matter what's the
matter what's the matter my hand okay
that's not slap pants do you want this
you want that well let's find one for
you and Jackson look all the chairs are
taken let's go find a chair for
everybody okay here hop off and give
them a hug Oh give them a hug no more
fighting
here we go there we go all right come
here bring it over here
come get up there and I'll find you a
chair Oh woohoo zl-- boozled since we're
just sitting waiting for food let's like
do anything you want to perform any plan
I wasn't planning on doing this at so
evening if you have something let's just
now you look at everything let's dude
now how are we working deal bill going
in Kevin cash flow elites like jolly old
Saint Nicholas
Oh
she's so so cute anyway yeah I'm gonna
put that Amalia that's K maybe she'll
warm up to it and he's gonna sing loud
enough for everybody to hear okay put
your hands down
go ahead you just don't even yeah I got
a stand out here
yeah help me all of you just stood next
to him I'm standing with him okay thank
you so much where's the prime over here
we go faster is that right yeah they
don't cry okay
Lincoln to go to camera way right okay
sure I'll tell you and I'll tell you
when to change okay please give you me
right here I'm gonna stand right by me
and I'll tell you when it's your turn
okay this is good staff
if you're ever singing and you forgot
the words he just goes off your penis
yeah I did that in Ruby and Kevin's
wedding
who's the pianist everyone was like oh
he must be messing up with other words
grandpa is teaching the boys to include
each other I can't really all the kids
are opening the presents from Grandma
and Grandpa this is what they look like
how cute is this packaging that's for
Lincoln he's asleep are you serious
can you open this one the first team
bears get the Kimmie's I think that was
picked out specifically for him I bet
that was on purpose guys awesome
don't lose your dollars okay let me see
your silver coin that's pretty cool
what is it oh my gosh it's it's it's a
Corinne honey no you put it if we can
put it in your piggy bank
put it around son I think they just came
out of all the boys are opening the
presents for mom and dad and this is to
build or Joel and I think my favorite
part is my mom's little drunk
doctor Frankie oh the good son that's
the moment that's an inside thing at
Jared me comes hashtag learn Meachem old
boy vine on your mark get set go
I can see Jared I saw his first there
Pendleton shirt
my dad has a closet full of Hamilton
shirt they last forever very nice I
remember my grandpa having a lot of them
a nice pendleton shirt Pendleton so
pellet Pendleton more nails they're from
Oregon that's where Joel serve
especially serve a mission in my area
and I bought Bonnie a penalty blanket
yep very expensive yeah on my mission
yeah that's awesome I love it
Oh
okay open Wow
what that's a that's a significant color
there's so many layers to see this snaps
why you don't have kids they ruin
everything
yeah let me see see I love how they're
all different
are they different oh okay hey I ready
thank you whether it's the kisses book
executed animals like boss about the
green one can so personalize them like
they are so I love it I am so excited
well I because believe you're in
activities I got as soon as you mention
New York I thought I've got
and you were like great good hair to me
I've wanted this I wanted to buy it I
couldn't bring myself to society ever
going to New York Tiffany and I was
really excited
oh that was nice very nice
yes okay the car go play it was more fun
for me you give me giving and sharing
you and your mama have to help you
manage it out a mini and Mini busy
bracelet so I'm so glad you like em you
good job
okay I want to sneak in here and if you
hadn't been so so greedy and tore
through you to read the car I didn't I
was looking for IDs just I was like uh
or the cards and I didn't want to be
like behind I'm sorry Ethan come on skip
the formalities get the goods yeah my
picking it open it for me yes my hair in
like good with kids ever can you open
that yet you need a knife well I don't
want to miss it
well you can cut it nice okay all those
are tell you about router can belt or
you should sleep it will rags like oh
look at that handwriting power
the point
Emily had our name for Christmas and of
course I've been talking about the what
are they Alex and Ani Alex is a high say
Alex and Ani allergy delivery bracelet
and this is the sister one oh and this
is the sister one is that not sweet oh I
was so excited oh don't do that in here
honey
what are you Cho what are you thinking
tilt your head up another camera oh my
gosh okay anyway
focus don't laugh at him enough enough
enough okay bug is the best gifts and
he's been wanting one of these for so
long thanks uncle bell rings toy say no
more no childhood present Cody do you
want to see a box burn twice Cody's
going on a virtual roller coaster ride
it is so hard we get him sweat
so what I love is that that's like real
innocent it's not like an adult like
trying it's like no that's like what's
happening to him I think it's
interesting
Russell is about three months older than
Kody and look how much taller and like
more filled out he is than Kody is like
a road across a new ball I know I know
that's what everyone's in line for right
now I know you had a turn miss and you
you're just happy to be all don't you
drop that over the edge oh are you
making a mess here don't throw it yeah
Emily made that pumpkin me muffins from
compile up in and they're delicious and
they're delicious yeah you like I would
definitely call this a successful
Christmas Griffith party um yeah the
host says the house good job thank you
thank you we didn't do anything special
we just like got together and did our
thing but that was special so anyway
Merry Christmas tomorrow's Christmas Eve
stick around we be doing some fun things
and yeah that's about it thanks for
watching guys fight
