Cody stop coming early this morning cuz
this tummy doesn't feel very good does
it
he wants to call and read thank goodness
he didn't take the train back huh what
do you think he's doing he's marrying
her what what do you think he's asking
violet to marry him
that's pretty cool
you won't that was the first thing that
you wanted to do he wants cream of wheat
and he wanted to see what Reds doing she
would go make you some creamy honey
Livia already saw red last night
because Cody came and got us in the
nighttime and said this tummy hurt and
Olivia came with him and she saw bread
didn't she okay let's make some cream
light did you come up last night and you
saw in the middle of the night we
couldn't believe he had already come
could we - violet yeah what does that
mean he wants to marry her yes I hope -
mom what time did I wake up today um is
your son up no how come you guys came
upstairs
nevertheless I'm like oh okay ah no way
it's still time to be in bed mom I'm
getting ready for Christmas party whack
we have to get ready yeah we do do we
still have our day with red yeah oh all
right I think they're gonna do wedding
tomorrow
I hope they do I look yeah you not step
down yeah I'll hold up cake now pull it
no no pull your zipper go go go Terri Oh
Oh dark gotta hold the top hey come here
what do you think about red he wants to
marry violet oh do you think they should
get married you don't we are not turning
that on no no no no the baby's asleep
tomorrow is the last day with red that's
the last time we're gonna see him
couldn't guess what anything's gonna
come soon it's gonna come from going to
tree last day and go sans game gum
that's right that's right Kay you get
him fed and then we're gonna get ready
for Christmas party aren't we are you
serious maybe he was too excited to ask
red to get married or my life let's get
ready for Christmas party
