naturally that was the worst bath bomb
you've ever had I just gave you my bath
bomb and you think that's the worst bath
bomb you've ever had yeah sting my hand
I had two bath bombs and I don't just
give those around lightly okay
and he was not Cody wasn't feeling very
good he has a really special pajama day
at school and so I was like you want to
take a bath he's like yeah I want a
shower bath I'm like okay got a shower
bath he's like and then one of that bomb
I'm like okay I'm gonna use my bath bomb
that was painful for me to give up and
he says it's the worst one put your
hands out so I can see how they're doing
just your hands they're not too bad
those don't look too bad
what does make mutants are still a
little bit yeah we are getting Cody
ready for a very fun day tonight
Ryan Gant my Christmas tree on the
ground yes so a while ago we posted on
Instagram a special treat that you're
taking into Cody school and his teacher
said she was going to save it for a very
special day and today is that day yeah
can you believe it and he can bring you
yet again yet in a stuffed animal you're
supposed to be in there but if you don't
have a berry joke okay you can bring it
yep it's called teddy bear picnic today
isn't it and so if you have a teddy bear
you can bring the or you get to bring
your favorite stuffed animal Wow
sorry sorry what done this fears kind of
a lot of it
school pink okay look right in the
mirror so get your hair done and we've
got a hurry into it because Lincoln's
awake and we got a hurry go get them but
I have to eat your hair done first
otherwise he'll be getting into stuff so
he's just gonna have to wait one second
while I get your hair done huh okay
ready
and should we show your mom back
crackback how many times have I told you
to take that coat out of your mouth
mister
why do you do that why do you do now
are you having fun out here okay go play
I love you don't slip on the ice okay
hey get your call out of your mouth I
picked up the camera and I started
recording a clip when I was done I
thought this isn't my Kim I was
recording with alien shit Kurt's camera
we were just kind of hanging out over
here at Ellie's house I was like the
kids were napping it was nice and quiet
Jared brought us some salads and he
showed up from meters with two different
cells that we've never had and we were
like sure right salads and we were like
fine we'll just do what we have they're
amazing
like what we're gonna get him next time
do you know why why rice salad because
no one told me what's that I was the kid
he was like that one looks good this one
looks good let's get up beggars can't be
choosers thank you for the lunch
I'm just Alistair I got really good want
luck are you hungry little we're trying
to be good at the hot during the
holidays right I've got Lincoln in the
tux I don't want him going everybody
eats my babysitter he didn't take a nap
today and we're in here doing my mom's
hair I wish I would have recorded as
Ellie was like explaining what she was
going to do with my mom's hair we take
turns cutting her hair and Sunday it's
like I can't do it you're more job today
and today is Ellie's talent day because
I was like I can't do mom's hair I'm
like just do it
well my word look at you nigga Chiyu he
look like Ralphie's little brother come
here one go outside come on go outside
come on Rick the Michelin Marshmallow
Man huh I was getting him ready and he
was insistent on putting on that blue
hat he wants it on so bad
this little boy he's my outdoors guy he
all he wants to do is just go outside
every day and being inside in the
wintertime is driving him crazy so we're
gonna go outside and play huh we're
gonna go on dad's four-wheeler huh
everything's just a little bit too big
for you huh
just a little bit too big what's that is
that daddy's four-wheeler tree go push
some snow do you want to put some solid
zip up your coat bud you're gonna be
frozen
boom
oh my goodness a baby look at you guys
all bundled up Oh your beautiful faces
he's happy do you think he's warm in
there oh yeah oh my oh where is it in oh
I was like where's this boot I would
just conclude I wouldn't even put his
boots on well he wanted to walk around
he wanted to walk around are you oh you
have it good boy
you want you're just he that he wants to
eat himself he wants to do things
himself he's getting into that stage
where he wants to do everything himself
ha which makes a betrayal to me around
yeah which makes up yep the viewer that
says this and sometimes I don't say
names cuz I don't know if people want me
to say names what is he doing so did she
saw me and Ellie at the airport and then
she also came to our meetup it didn't
have a chance to meet us but I'm big it
fit me
what does what subscribers say I saw you
what I didn't say hi say honey that's
not a pet peeve we just we very much
encourage you to please come and say hi
to us when you see us because we love
meeting you guys a ton oh yeah Oh myself
s inside the cam I know I just say no
thank you for all this to see wait I
don't think you're the right person but
if you do thank you pregnant we've
gotten um several packages and cards I
love getting cards from everybody and
that was kind of fun oh don't oh Olivia
okay do it again do it again and he'll
do it
Cody I bet he'll do it again boo boo boo
go get it Lincoln we appreciate you guys
sending us cards we love it you don't
like paper for that kind of stuff hooah
first thing I check is where it's from
yes I love that typical okay see if he
brings it to Cody Oh Cody brought it to
you clap for Lincoln and Olivia is
nursing up Boston can you bring it to
Boston right here Lincoln right here
bonkers
every year our church gets together with
other Christian denominations and they
put on this celebration of Christ and
part of it is displaying everybody's
nativity scene or a creche as they call
it and they also do a live nativity and
they bring in a camel and there's lots
of performances done by local choirs and
different congregations and it really is
a fun thing to come to and this year we
decided to come to it and not only to
come to it but to participate and put
our nativity scene in which was really
kind of special for me and I thought it
was fun to bring the kids and show them
the different ways that people worship
our Savior Jesus Christ
Oh
excuse me I know that's not really great
lighting cuz like the lights behind us I
just want a treat so I just like show
the tradition I just want to show like
how cozy it feels in here like I wish
people could feel cuz we've got like the
heater going and like the kids are
quietly in bed anyway I just wanted to
close the vlog with Joe like I was like
don't close the vlog without me I wanted
you to take the kids because I needed to
put Lincoln down for a nap he hasn't
taken a nap yet today so and we have to
take care of Bonnie because there was
like slick surfaces and stairs and just
just areas where I just get a little
nervous taking her nowadays so you're so
rude I'm seriously like an old woman I
today I didn't go workout this morning
my alarm went off and I wanted to look I
had the desire to but my body was so
sore I was like I'll hit it up tomorrow
and but I didn't drenched yes I'd
stretch and I didn't eat anything
I shouldn't have today it's been like a
week that's really good for me I know
we're doing miserable oh oh we got sent
swedish fish I had Swedish fishness soda
in the fridge when you guys left I was
like oh mama we'll see but I didn't
mm-hmm I'll just have some father will
be good in like three years well he did
a cake I can't wait for Christmas
I can't wait for Chrissy's away we want
to wish you guys a Merry Christmas until
you thank you for watching our videos
that was when we wait my hat off it was
a little forget it never stops I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye guys bye guys
