hey Sunil Austin walk me
hey Cody Cody didn't wake you Cody woke
me up like 3:00 in the morning another
hot one hot one
none of the donuts are hot what are you
saying Boston okay
what's today Olivia the last day of
school
yeah zosky school tomorrow Christmas
break and that's when that's moving
that's what grants me okay we only have
a couple days left with these two
hoodlums then just because it's
Christmas right
they're still gonna be here yeah but
when do they leave wait the day before
Christmas reckon I have an iPad I'm
lucky that I had tons of video games on
it iPad yeah well yeah ever Annika okay
the clever there must be just the right
height I pretty much think they're in
love I think that a dirt is Jane so they
don't so they don't fall I think that
means for sure they're a couple but they
love each other if you're tied up in the
same bow I like my eye hey smiling I
think they're happy but they got jelly
faces are you happy when you have a
jelly face I'm a big girl just rub every
mouth draw the big doughnut hey Tony how
big is it
uncle Jared came and got checksum uh he
gets all these else I don't know he
might know you'll have to ask him no it
is what
the rule is for elves when everybody's
asleep then they change what they're
gonna do so their weight thank you
you may not have seen him then whoo
