workout complete and I was so excited to
come home and tell you and I got out of
the suburban and our entire driveway is
covered in ice and I slipped again it
was my phone went flying my camera went
flying on the ice over concrete and my
back completely raked all down the like
back of the suburban when I finally hit
the cement and my feet slid out from
under me my back and my shoulders hit
the suburban you guys what is wrong with
me I'm like so mad I can't even take it
after I cried then I got mad but at
least my workout is for some reason my
sprinklers turned on I had no idea how
they possibly turned on I've got
everything already shut off but for some
reason they turned on and it got water
all over it looks like we have ice
crystals all over the lawn but I got ice
right where Bonnie is getting out of the
suburban and I have to get some salt on
that so Bonnie I am sorry for forgetting
you all covered and hurt and oh I
thought you were watching Aladdin
mom no this touch dreads hot okay it's
just what it was it just by accident
yeah okay here you go doctor they get is
Magic Man okay oh um popcorn at 6:50 in
the morning actually I rented it out oh
my goodness I'm liking the movie do you
think it's getting grease on the floor
no let's see this bag wow that's not too
bad okay we're good basta hi are here at
Cody's
performance preschool and he thought we
missed it last week and he was not happy
come to find out we didn't miss it in
here and we made it Cody's up there
waving big weight big weight good I can
see yeah
I think he's doing a little timid wave
this is little scared are you excited
are you excited to be a kindergartner
come to school here the worst days for
school for the kids are when the kids
have something really fun to do it but
hit Boston hears about it and wants to
do it but they're just like you can't
Boston
you're not school it's so sad soon
enough go huh
mom's out of the house so I want to talk
about this while she's out of the house
what do you want to do for Christmas it
mommy a present present so why do you
want to get mommy a present hey he's the
boss in the house well besides the boss
of the house he'll come out because
she's so good to us and so nice to us
how come how come it to you that wants
to get her present I could Kody Ibaka
said anything because you're a little
girl and you're the sweetest little
thing on earth
mm-hmm the other night I was um laying
in bed with Olivia putting her down to
bed and she said to me I want to get mom
a special Christmas present and find her
something that is so sweet and she has
something picked out but we're gonna
order for mom tonight and it'll be here
tomorrow and we will wrap it are you
gonna wrap it you're gonna do the best
job ever what color wrapping paper you
want to use you want that kind that
polkadot kind okay I will help you do
that but this was Olivia she just wanted
to do this for mom and make it so
special and sweet than I think it's the
sweetest present ever I don't think I
could think of anything more sweet than
what Olivia's gonna get her and you guys
will find out eventually good morning
you guys I have not picked up the camera
since very early this morning it was
kind of a rough morning actual case
trying oh I have a chip that oh no
living here that I'm home worried so we
were out of chips but we are not okay
well it was a rough morning because I'm
so sore I just feel like I cannot move
my legs are so sore and I really like
hurt my shoulders and back when I got
out of the suburban ridiculous right
if you may we have our little my nephew
Jackson with us we're having some
cauliflower and carrots and chips and
salsa this is probably not good we're
probably not going to eat that so we're
just having an after school snack hello
you will open up for me here all do it
cause it's kind of time for my talk did
you find a chip - okay you boys sit down
can you sit down
where's Bloods on about is yeah please
gone haha yummy what do you want for
christmas huh miss you
choo-choo train choo-choo train
I want a little robot you said you want
to robots what nice anyone
wah wah wah yeah yeah Billy the black
dot along with mom
I know what what
no just oh I'll just years that's too
much
yes we know we're hunters name I'll get
you a towel
okay okay what I don't want to water for
one robot a tunnel all right where do
you think there's aa bucket no wash snap
your fingers off that means love you one
no the other one here these ones
Ethan yeah Angie joy to know this ones
are not dirty
oh are you drawn what do you think I
should have big grateful
big motorcycle I'll take that I want to
know you can come up on bed I'm buddy
what yes
no I want the Christmas didn't you say
you wanted oh um Dom I know Don said you
wanted a miracle no I would love I'm
jealous of Olivia because she has an
American girl Java looks like her and I
would love to have an American Girl doll
that looks like me oh and I'm surprised
that I was yeah
there is something different today it's
not that I think they fit okay I had a
lady and make these hats for the kids
because Olivia had one like this when
she was a little bit and there okay um
they're a little different than I was
thinking but they'll do the kids didn't
have any beanies it's freezing and I
just thought we could use some sort of
lady make these but I don't know what do
you think of Angela they look like
they'll be nice and warm and stay on oh
yeah I hope so
Lincoln's I know I'm just had my tea oh
it is little uh no you got it on
backwards I don't think there is a
backwards on them I don't think so I
think they're all just kind of I don't
know I'll have to play with them and see
they're kind of cute though I'm worried
that the boys are just gonna like pick
at the tassels because that's what boys
do they just ruin any yarn like they do
from quilt yeah they just basically ruin
anything that they get their hands on I
don't know how many times I said just
don't ruin things just don't ruin things
hey Dad hey I've got I've got Olivia and
Cody here and they want to talk to you
for a second
grandpa we're sorry I'm sorry I wrote
the leg of your um reindeer okay Wow to
not happen up Oh middle of you were
playing yeah okay hold on now Olivia's
gonna talk to you for a second okay it's
okay sweetheart
just tell him I'm Tom I'm sorry gonna
hit the pieces only just one that's all
she said she's sorry that she hid the
pieces but she I guess helped hide the
pieces do you know where the rest of
pieces are sweetheart you don't know
where the rest of them are will do will
do was that an easy thing or a hard
thing to do is that kind of hard do you
guys know how important it is to be
honest and to tell the truth yeah do you
know what we were more mad about do you
think we were more mad about breaking
grandpa's ornament or lying to us about
it lying because if you were to come to
us and say you didn't you didn't have to
hide the pieces if you were to come to
us and say we accidentally broke this
and sorry
we wouldn't be mad it's more important
to tell the truth and you'll get in less
trouble if you tell the truth right okay
it's a hard lesson to learn isn't it but
you got to learn it while you're young
was big that was a big one that was a
big one hopefully you remember it and
did you see how loving grandpa was to
you because he loves you so much
no that make you a little teary yeah hey
grandpa loves you grandpa loves you more
than he loves his reindeer so thanks for
being honest with him
like a real adult now are you being
competitors your kids do something wrong
nah my children my kids never been the
truth comes is like ah crap Steve who's
making me loose do it Oh grandpa does
love us I love hearing the piano play in
our house like Bonnie's always been able
to play and play it a little bit and I
just love hearing it more and more and
those two are upstairs practicing right
now for piano lessons tonight and me and
the boys and one extra are down here
playing watch in Hotel Transylvania and
everything else turning the lights off
you're a little overzealous dad's got a
week okay I'll turn them off in a minute
I will in just a minute okay so it's
Busboys responsibility to hold down the
 down here so I'm going to hold it
down and I'm going to say good night to
you guys and tell you to click the
thumbs up if you liked the video and
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye guys
what
