you mr. high are a very difficult little
boy this morning
you're making me absolutely crazy he
found that I was like you're not having
that for breakfast and anyway the baby
won in that battle I was not gonna
listen to him absolutely go nuts oh I
like the Boston has been 100% occupied
with our melting snow my little toy yeah
so get off me stronger I'm trying to
make a cure it so that's like a carrot
come here it sounds like these oh I see
that's like the perfect one - good job
yeah
you make me crazy over there little boy
Joe's editing and we're all gonna get
ready because we have a whole een family
Christmas party today yes I grandma's
this morning Bonnie got everybody ready
well I edited the elf video which will
put the link up here and now we are just
waiting on you mama
well I'm trying to tie my scarf I had a
favorite way that I tried it last year
and I can't remember why is it so hard
to remember how to tie a scarf need to
pull out the Boy Scout motto Boy Scout
Handbook nope I don't this is bad but we
got an hour drive me a tie and tie that
thing at nighttime
well okay we are amazing at time we get
out of the door and if I say we're
leaving at 9:00 we leave it like 859 but
today I'm like okay mm-hmm do that scarf
up lady yes just like that
poncho oh that was just Lincoln opening
and closing the piano he is getting into
the mischievous phase and it is I want a
little run not hurt my baby yeah I
thought that it would be a good idea
to paint my nails red in the car I think
I did Mac services hey I didn't spill
one drop or not one and I feel like I
did a pretty stinking good job doing it
my left hand is for my right hand that's
not too bad we would pull up to stop
slides and I'm like Joel hurry and stop
I'm like don't just like take forever
and ever I'm like I gotta utilize the
entire red light to get up along the
cuticle line I'm like so get up to the
red light and hurrying stop he was just
like I'm trying monitoring all right
we're all getting caught box with humans
that is a good husband right there I'm
like come on hurry up like getting on
man he's like I'm sorry the roads are
bumpy
what did you say are you crazy
oh boy do you know I could do anything
in wet nails and not even scuffing now I
don't know if you know I mean flip in
pro um what did you say about my red
nails
No don't you even know what you said no
you said no good thing I like red nails
oh yeah we are good thing I like you and
red nails ought to be sad
so before we before we have Joel's
family Christmas party today we are
going to our church's temple because
Joel's brother just adopted a baby and
they're getting sealed together and so
we're going to go and watch that and so
we got a babysitter where we going you
gonna keep me in check sorry there's the
company shop should we go in there first
we should go over to that okay we're
gonna get a cupcake we have a little bit
of time before we have to be there we
got a babysitter and took them to Joel's
parents house so the kids are being
watched
and we're just gonna grab a little
something before we um go and I feel
like I'm pretty good so good choice
right big cookie ball that looks gross
I'm not a cookie dough person good how
are you that guy looks amazing
what kind is not so french toast french
toast
okay we didn't we didn't get a voice
coming to the right place
good job eleven prophecy
the best sugar cookie in Utah I think I
will be the judge of that
okay this place called Hogg Hazzard
hug has have you guys ever heard of the
hug yes anyway I know I've told you guys
Josh
Joel's brother can you tell they're
brothers do they look a lot of like hey
Josh he and what is it would you tell us
what you did here and so with them on
restaurant I so a few of the items are
for their entrees you what is it does
the help designer
hope create the recipes yeah these are
really so you kind of pulled some
strings and got us a nice little room
back here flippin awesome is so fun good
job Joshy we've got most of the adults I
think most people left their kids at
home that's kind of nice it's too good
for children name that movie Josh and
Emma have had Ledger for several months
now but I have not been allowed to show
him my camera because like all the legal
stuff so anyway now that he is
officially adopted oh my gosh I feel
like teary like showing him to you is he
he was sweetest his name is ledger hey
old man you want a race okay let's go oh
my word it's not it's not not even
appropriate not appropriate thinks she's
so cool she drives a Ford he is cool yes
oh well you guys we are pulling back up
to Joel's be
house we needed to get out of the house
because his parents needed some space
for a minute so we were like well let's
take the kids and go watch the wash the
car and oh he's awake we got to the
carwash and Boston was asleep and so we
pulled over a my job pull into a parking
spot I was like Olivia close your eyes
and everyone it will accept Olivia
Stella Cody - welcome he kind of was we
all took a little snoozer in the car and
then we woke up and it was like dark
outside like okay
you
light like an order a woman named Mary
was traveling with her husband Joseph
and arrived in Bethlehem late one
evening Mary was pregnant and they
needed a place to rest for the night hi
guys so this is what I usually watch
it's why were your dog or your daughter
watches yeah it's true it's more for my
daughter's perspective yeah
hey so Bonnie Joel tomorrow there's this
girl in our ward for the blessing
her name is Faith Evans she may came up
to meet you oh but she needs to like you
need to go tomorrow the blessing and
just walk up and say hi to her will show
you who she is
exactly I don't know if I should be
nervous josh is like you need to record
this okay what are they
Oh name this gift is in remembrance of
your mission day mm-hmm when I was on my
mission
it makes significant months out or
iconic times that my dad would send me
then send me these boxes from Omaha
Steaks and I loved it we actually had a
viewer that says oh yes I use this for
two they're just really really good
friends right like mail right to your
door that's amazing
on the flip side oh okay Jeff as I yeah
I was struggling to close the vlog and
Jett has some really nice closing lines
so I'm gonna allow him to close the vlog
for us today so go ahead with Bobby's
welcome to fun with flags no okay so
more what are the other ones see you on
the flip side get rah-rah boards your
mother
oh that's another good night weren't you
mother
Wow if I look hammer
because I enamoured um when my eyelashes
were not on very good today I could see
him like when I was editing the vlog
they were like look at all sorts of
funky on when I sorry about that I'm
sure people were like what's wrong with
her ah they are not on fleek her lashes
I'm not on fleek tonight um and also I
this is humiliating but I fell down Joel
stairs while I was holding ledger and I
have not had like I hope it was like I
don't know if they're like panic attacks
kind of like anxiety but I definitely
had some sort of an episode after doing
that because I was just horrified like
you were very scared about the baby I
was it was awful that was awful falling
down the stairs with a baby is horrid I
felt so bad um just because I know how
being on the other end like being a mom
it feels like when people are like not
doing what you want with your baby I
know I get fierce um anyway and hurt
very bad and I was in nylons and your
stairs are um everybody's I'm so steep
like they're steep but they're short
they're not very wide steps and the very
first time I ever went down your steps I
fell down and your dad was so nice and
so sweet he like I don't think I've ever
seen him seen it move so fast when I did
and he felt awful tonight he was so
sweet he called to make sure I was okay
and then did I already tell him I fell
down the stairs again yeah like your
last trip down to go check we scour the
house to make sure we got everything we
need totally slipped down the stairs
well I was wearing nylons and
just it was just slippery he goes hit my
back hit my elbow I think my elbow was
bleeding um my skirt was like up to my
waist and I just laid there I'm like I
don't look at me I'm he yes now you know
how to fix how it feels to be laundry on
a washboard just hey yeah anyway I think
one of my favorite parts about tonight
is that your dad was watching our vlog
the other day when I said that I liked
cream soda and he bought a case of cream
soda and everybody drank it everybody
went crazy
that's funny well you guys thanks so
much for watching we had a really nice
night with Joe's family they put on a
nice little party and yeah we'll call it
a night thanks for watching and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
bye guys
