are you sad because you don't get to go
plow with Daddy he's sick he's like not
feeling very well and because he can't
come are you guys gonna go help daddy
it is Sunday evening and this morning we
woke up and there was no snow on the
ground it is now covered in over a foot
of snow I believe probably more we have
many widows in our wards that their
driveways need plowed we have a church
building that could use probably a
little bit of plowing nuts this man
loves to do do you actually love to do
it or do you just do it because you know
you're supposed to like what's what's
the situation here it's like it's like
the best excuse in the world to do
something that I love jump on that
grenade the scrapers like eight inches
tall and that's one swipe deep and it's
still not even covering it oh my gosh is
that up to your knees didn't snow all
winter long we're gonna do it in one day
Boston ruined my completely clean
windows with snowballs you guys going in
you look like the abominable snowman
kind of love it
all right okay you guys go in thanks for
helping me that was fun
keep me company oh you're welcome
sweetie
hey go figure my winch cable broke again
so I was only able to get a few
driveways done but I did make it run
around to see who's still needed it and
a lot of them have been done already so
that was good
so where you are going to do this rest
tonight I'm just gonna do it by hand and
call it good Frank looks so good in the
snow out there
Boston why are you possibly crane
because you're freezing oh my gosh
hey miss always from the cold and snow
then are you eating snow out of Olivia's
hair if you're so cold why are you
eating snow and confused
I need to change your bumbum you want me
to change your bumbum hey can you lay
down and I'll change it you slept so
late you were all so tired your hair is
wild yeah your hair is wild you look
like an animal
you stink
come here Lincoln these kids went to bed
right after playing in the snow they
woke up and the first thing they want to
do is play in the snow you can't find
him a shovel I don't think he looks very
hard why don't you go in there and look
again
Lincoln trying to play with Cody's
shovel when he's done you want a baby
shovel Lincoln hopefully you don't start
crying soon
I am so nervous for Lincoln to come in
because he's gonna be freezing and
miserable Kody and Lincoln look at mommy
can you smile he just stuck his tongue
at me again that is so naughty here you
guys have seen us do this a million
times on there's like 11 throughout the
year 12 serious okay on a lot of the
follow this through the year Presidents
Day Flag Day what other ones no Scouts
in our word they got some young women
they put up flags as a fundraiser since
Joel is in the young men's he gets to go
help put up and take down the flags I
love it I think that it really adds to
the nothing happens if it touches the
ground you just it's just very
disrespectful to let touch the ground so
if you twist it up like this then you'll
be able to hold it and wait for daddy
hey you guys well dad has to help pull
it out of the ground okay hold on to
that don't drop it oh good girl maybe
you can't help him but that's got a
little heavy isn't it code I've done
this ever since I was you were doing
this for a long time I don't know one of
our blogs from a long time ago has you
guys helping dad yes we do this a long
time cuz because jozin the bishopric he
said he's in the young men's now he used
to be in the bishopric so when he was in
the bishopric he would help with the
flies
told the kids to pay attention to these
and Cody got hit in the head hand it to
deafen II Lincoln wants another donut
how did you get your alley okay
I can't see this please though he's
lying put your finger out say don't I
want mine the other way no I want mine
the other way can they like the yellow
you want it yellow sign up
no I want it front like this yeah so
that means yellow sign up you have to
earn that first messing yourself what
color's the sky me more memory efg hijk
your ass too unique oh you XY and z now
i know my abcs next time won't you sing
with me stick figure out donut go hi how
are you
can I get one
I'm right it's a big bubble each pizza
right and our four-day weekend with the
kids by having a little Little Caesars
you can food if you guys haven't seen
our bloopers videos you are totally
missing out which one of watch clothes
click here and if you have this you know
last video click here
