chop his float wait is he yeah didn't
came to capture Jamie but it will
capture anything and that's alum yet I
wonder how it you got a finger in there
Cody huh no I'm just teasing it's not
real it's not like usually those ones
usually the real ones have pokies on in
devil like scratch you know Alan doesn't
and put your finger on C no Jersey yeah
very handsome delay and you know what
what whatever a wolf like cut his leg
off and what was my ID Heidi maybe you
know it and we just pinged it oh when
when there's words it goes beef first
then boxes battle if me first panel box
and Olivia with if he keeps on getting
toys if you don't got away from Lucas
ones Christmas Eve around the timer toys
have you been good or bad good bad my
god what have you been good or bad
Boston okay
are you re on the good list of a naughty
list I have no you code hi
good I'm the good list yeah well late
for my hasn't been that just my name
like make me like oh I'm so like like
that so I'm like I'm not that I'm not
getting like I'm getting mad but I'm not
like being back I'm noting that it's
just like the movie so my head ah no yes
okay let me hear Boston cutting it that
way mmm ons Christmas I guess we'll find
out if you've been on the good list er
baddest I hope mm-hmm Boston if Santa
Claus brings you a whole bunch of
presents we'd be happy if Santa Claus
brings you one present for each Ella
will you be happy Boston are you gonna
be happy with just one Troy Wow we would
just be grateful for just one toy though
huh we'll just be grateful for whatever
we get huh I don't know my favorite
thing remember last year um Santa put
like the little treats on the table I
love when he does that he done it two
years this year mm-hmm either - I love I
love ice to us
