hey guys I want to do an updated eyebrow
routine for you today I get a lot of
questions for my friends and family and
viewers on how I do them so I thought I
would do this video for you I am
updating this because I did do a video
on this a long time ago and it's a
little embarrassing to watch and so I
thought I would do an updated one for
you today so before I jump into my
eyebrows today's video is sponsored by a
high mirror it is a smart Beauty mirror
it is an innovative mirror that is sold
on high mare calm it retails for one
hundred and eighty nine dollars and you
can also get the smart body scale for
$79 the scale does not work without the
mirror what I like about this is that
there is a 30-day money-back guarantee I
love products like that because if you
don't like it you send it back when you
turn your mirror on there is a
face-recognition login that maintains
your privacy and you use easy gestures
to navigate your mirror this mirror can
serve as an at-home beauty and fitness
consultant on the home page it shows you
that you can set reminders for yourself
you can document your beauty routine
keep track of the skin care products you
use it will actually give you skincare
tips when pairing the smart body scale
with your high mirror it can provide you
with an advanced fitness report with
weight body mass index body fat
percentage muscle mass and more and this
will be helpful for any body shape and
type you can take a picture of your face
without any makeup on and the skin
analyzer will go through and analyze
your skin and every day that you log in
it will reanalyze your skin and tell you
how you're doing
the skin index overview goes over all
the elements of your skin and tells you
how you're doing and where you need to
improve I will make sure to leave high
Maire's link in the description if you
guys want to check it out go ahead and
click on that link and let's get into
the eyebrows so even though I have all
of my makeup on my face except my
eyebrows I feel super naked without my
eyebrows I just don't feel like a makeup
look is complete without your eyebrows
being filled in even just a hair
even just a little bit they just need a
little something to them so I'm gonna
zoom you guys in and I'm just gonna show
you how I do my eyebrows the first
product that I use and then I have used
for so long is the Anastasia Beverly
Hills brow Wiz pencil and I have been
going between the shades taupe and soft
brown today I'm going to use soft brown
I like to go through and comb all my
little eyebrow hairs up and this part is
personal preference I like to bring my
eyebrow in not the rule kind of was here
but if you were to draw your eyebrows
starting here it just doesn't look good
having your eyebrows far apart you need
to bring them in a little bit and so I
like to go on this part of my nose and
up that's about where I start my eyebrow
I try to keep this line straight and
about from the same place that you
measured before I like to go straight
across my eye and that's about where my
arch needs to start and then I follow
the same line or actually come down to
here and I go to the end of my eye and
that's about where my eyebrow ends so
that's kind of my guideline for my
eyebrow I like to come back to this
inner corner and fill in this part first
and I like to draw hair like lines
now I'll go back in with my spoolie and
I will comb through everything to help
make it blend a little better
I'll even brush all the hair down this
way first and then back up and to make
sure I keep things clean I like to clean
everything up with a q-tip and then you
can take any brush I like to use this
really skinny one and this can and any
concealer I've been using Mac Studio Fix
for a very long time mostly because
that's just what I have and I will run
this concealer along the bottom portion
of my eyebrow
the last step that I take is the gimme
brow by benefit it is a little powerful
so you a little bit definitely goes a
long way
I left my inner corner just a little bit
more heavy than I normally would what I
like to do if your inner corners are too
dark and you've already come through one
is to take your Beauty Blender this one
has seen better days Thank You Lincoln I
like to dab it in between my eyebrows to
lighten that up a hair I would say one
of my biggest tips for you when you're
filling in your eyebrows is not to go
too dark if you have light hair you can
go a couple of shades darker if you have
dark hair you can go a couple of shades
lighter I like to find just a nice
little balance in between nothing too
dramatically different from your hair
but seriously it has taken me years to
figure out how to do my eyebrows and
even then some days I'm like are you a
child do you know how to do this like
you've been doing this for so long it
just there's good days and bad days same
with your hair good days and bad days
people like my last video I know my
eyebrows were not very flaky and you all
let me know there's a handful of
comments that were like um your eyebrows
are a little intense I'm like I know I
know anyway so good luck to you um it's
a rough game eyebrows are a rough game
so good luck you guys thank you so much
for watching this tutorial and thank you
again Jaime R for sponsoring this video
and we'll see you guys in my next video
okay
