my dad does the comments hair my dad
used to comb his hair before I blog you
guys get this space this morning that's
awesome um we went to rogue one last
night we got home at like two o'clock my
parents are amazing for watching the
kids thank you guys we had so much fun
we laughed all night anyway woke up to
this is that the sweetest when I was Mia
love you guys easy
I get made perfect tiny mini perfect
okay when I was growing up we loved
these mugs and I was always scared I was
gonna break them well you should have
been yeah I know dad tell me where these
came from
I think I know but I'm gonna make sure
you tell us first I go show every one of
them first thought because they're so
cute I was the manager at Pizza Hut when
I was a little bit younger mm-hmm and
this is whether promotion sponsored by
Pepsi so if you buy a large pizza you
got a free free cup sweet so did you buy
all the pizzas or did you just get a cup
well since I was the manager yeah
daddy's Donna's mom's baby baby I just
need a TV really like this 25 bucks
really Oh that'll have you looked yeah I
thought oh I think I've got the whole
sets up maybe with one or two yeah then
think about give me one of these
I know we get all of our was that uh
what do we get on Fenton all of our
Fenton stuff well Liv you played your
song for us also we get to know Oh what
you can actually touching be reason
almost boy what busted no comedy come
here you can't take the lid off what are
you showing in you guys like you're hot
we'll catch up sorry grandpa
Oh John can Boston hold up for a second
Boston
can you believe Polly can you believe
they found us here what do you think did
you - because Lincoln's shave
this is my bows right here with the
nippon bacon yes toilet in case she
needs to use it haha that's polite
you
you
Oh
