okay show me where's the snowman go show
me show me show me show me show me show
me huh who is it at who's that guy yeah
hickey me dude oh that is the elves do
you love it
Lincoln do you love that snowman you
starting to lean into our house a little
bit
you're the gummy yeah he wants to he
wants the camp to go the else want to
come in oh I bet they'll come in tonight
maybe hey come back
oh he's so excited about that snowman
are you ready yes yeah is this your
alpha um I like the kimono well I don't
have any overage night and you we'd be
walking so second I should really get
dressed all that matters right now is
this that thing the moneymaker face hey
Bonnie
nice face um gee what a history Jawas
he brought me um I was in here getting
ready and he brought me in an orange
juice and I was so parched so I really
fell
it's fresh-squeezed orange juice I
squeezed it myself for $2.99 for Lee's
yep I know that's a ridiculously
expensive orange juice bugs okay this
has nothing to do with the blog and um
no this is not a brand deal in the least
I've been doing okay when I started
YouTube like how many years ago to
something like that
two and a half years ago that's how long
I've been searching for the perfect
liquid liner this is the tart yeast for
all of you women at nada
no I cannot find an eyeliner that
doesn't transfer up onto my eyelid I
must have like boy eyelids or something
or when you get in close right here that
transfers down onto your eyelid the
worst anyway that stuff does not do it I
have tried every eyeliner cheapest and
what's the other one the cheapest and
like Marc Jacobs no it doesn't it does
it just need doesn't hold up don't get
me started on eyeliners I know oh you
know what's so sad okay I'll show these
guys what is sad I'm going to show you
Olivia dropped our camera this morning
the other one totally in here just
didn't show you the whole point of vlogs
right showing your stuff okay this is
our camera this is the power button it
will not interact poor thing must a cut
just kidding sorry any who's all that is
broken and Olivia dropped it this
morning yesterday when Joel was vlogging
he dropped this camera so I'm going to
show you this is the viewfinder and oh
I'm not I don't know if you can see it
but this is shattered so when I look
into it it's just not very fun to look
into like you can't and like when you
touch it kind of scrapes your finger
anyway okay so let me tell you guys what
we're doing today good morning this is
Joel this is Boston Road
what did you get I see you because I
don't really love her and pastrami
pastrami that's the you part
I always get turkey that's about as much
as I'll do okay what are we doing today
Oh your mouth is cut are you gonna make
me do all of this um the reason I was
gonna have a boy
did you take that oh good give him that
much he can all share mine I'll share my
nothing well I'll cut mine in half its
the rogue one
it's a new Star Wars film and it did use
tonight and we got tickets to hear it
doesn't debut tonight this is the
premiere bring it thank me
alright isn't the day isn't debut when
like the movie
comes out into theaters isn't that what
a debut is yeah that's what it's doing
oh I thought this was no the movie
doesn't come out yet it comes out
because we're going to see every crowds
are going to be around theaters all over
the place
oh so that does so that means it's not
like that special I thought it was I'm
pretty positive it's a premiere the
movie doesn't come out yet that's why
it's showing so late no okay
just FYI Donnie does not know how
anything funny just come along go enjoy
the show
no that's the whole point I'm growing
not very enjoy vision oh I don't even
like Star Wars I've never once in my
life seen Star Wars
they're amazing kinderman something here
yeah it is isn't it it's not even
focusing ciose tap it on his face to
focus it wasn't focusing okay sorry what
wheezing does it matter really
oh the CVX live the convention of
mention last year they have rented out
an entire theater and they've invited a
select few youtubers to come and check
out the movie I'm very excited yeah so -
um okay and that is one thing I was
gonna say oh did you notice the Snowman
hi guys um I was like oh
tonight the movie doesn't start till
10:30 and so we're not gonna be home
till extra extra late so we're going to
like not really a one-take but like kind
of because I don't want to stay up that
late you already was done and everything
before we go yeah before we go I don't
want to bring you guys along but yeah I
would love to record there but there's
not a whole lot to record at the movies
we are going to go to a really lousy
video folks or hand we're gonna go to
dinner beforehand and Cheesecake Factory
with a bunch of other youtubers so if
you're dying to see footage of it my
sister Ruby is going from 8 passengers
obviously Ellie and Jared are going from
rub who else April and Davies going to
be there Carlin gingers obviously what
you think Ellie and Jared and a million
subscribers they gonna go everywhere
um click the thumbs up button if you
bawled like a baby watching their IVF
videos basically dead 2 thumbs up if you
think that's amazing I think it's
amazing a Hellinger have taken a
downturn in their life and made it into
what it is now that really is we're
proud of them too
I'm sorry if I left anyone out I'm
trying to think I'm gonna get there and
I miss it oh god I forgot to sign any
that's okay so kind of excited yeah be
fun be fun whoo
Olivia used to say that when she was
really little be fun that's one reason
that I honestly love watching our older
vlogs ow
and I'm glad I have them is because I
forget those little sayings that the kid
said like what was I watching oh my gosh
when he was little and he said I sit by
you why I want to sit by you I honestly
forgot that doesn't that make your heart
just like so tender Fossen look at me I
want you to say I wants to pay you
oh my gosh we got to get your hair done
so grandma thinks your hand it hurted I
want to bite you and sit by you oh it's
still cute you still got it big hey you
still got a bit you are too little to be
wandering in awe of magazines what are
you looking at hmm um what uh nothing
magic Oh a magazine what is this you
kids have been obsessed with choo-choo
trains do you remember last year Cody
just in awe of the choo-choo train books
these boys love choo-choo trains
let's see wow these are pretty cool
that's pretty cool
are you all done eating or do you need
more bites got a future okay I have
somewhere for you to awesome you go to
snowman can you build a snowman
did you go just now
are you all done are you guys here turn
around everybody okay that is a very
crazy snowman okay hey crane you're
walking his head is kind of wobbly this
is called the melting snowman
red brought it today um that is the
creepiest snowman I've ever seen that
banana nose makes me cringe it so he's
like tilting towards the house
that's funny anyways this was in the
house for you kids it's called the
melting snowman not so cool I like in it
you make him and he's cute and then you
lately leave him and he just kind of
melts it's kind of silly huh in case
anyone was wondering one of my absolute
favorite drinks is cream soda me and all
my siblings have always loved it anyway
today's kind of been an uneventful vlog
uh we haven't really done what I got my
a stick stuck in the zipper hey that's
really sad that was a bad day that was a
sad this morning that happened with his
Chinese didn't it okay yeah that was
really sad wasn't it did you want to
tell everybody that is that what you
were trying to well in other news as I
was saying this is a really boring walk
like a minute for my brain to process I
was like wait on that note we are going
to close the vlog are you doing okay
after that yeah yeah he is what gonna be
a little nervous on home hi
oh okay are you okay are we gonna go to
grandpa's tonight are you gonna be a
good boy for him okay you promise you'll
go to sleep when they put you to sleep
oh yeah well good thinking me Jess we're
gonna put our jammies on and go in our
jammies I do that are you gonna stay for
me we're gonna watch you all my friends
didn't come here no it's just gonna be
you and Olivia and Cody and Lincoln is
that okay with you okay well you guys
you want to be in charge of Lincoln this
is a much better snowman that look
that's a little cuter he's happy well
you guys thank you so much for watching
and have a really awesome weekend we
will be posting our elf videos month
through the weekend but we will not have
another vlog up until Monday so we'll
see you guys on Monday
haha it's very cute I don't really know
star house a wink yeah No
