dear Cody thank you for being honest
honest about touching right stand to set
you to sing A Christmas Carol to return
my magic I've lost touch them too late
Olivia I did today
I know I know yesterday yes your life's
tough knock above just like this look I
don't know why doesn't it today no no
yes chicken make orange a kitten cane
okay red can't put this blanket on I put
the blanket out and I never and I wrote
read this I would read this
what does that sir sighs I love red I
love you right
and so I put this blanket on him because
I knew he would be cold just in case if
he was gonna be able to Demick spend one
more night yeah why he doesn't cuz he
didn't go home did he it looks like she
was all ready to go but he didn't
couldn't go so if the nut says to sing
what do you think you should do soon I
bet you could sing yeah
jingle bells John them a song but I
didn't hear it yeah we could seen the
first one like we did remember remember
the first one he said um America's like
that song where we played on piano could
your god yeah Merry Christmas
like really wish you Merry Christmas we
wish you a Merry Christmas we wish you a
Merry Christmas Happy New Year good
tidings to you wherever you are good
tidings for Christmas can happy new year
we're right here we're Christmas we wish
you a Merry Christmas we wish you a
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
that's pretty good
we've been practicing now and haven't we
yeah and you're close to my train come
on yeah I'll take the candy and do a
part of my train
ok guys what is that I put so what a
little bit of cop pot on it's like a
look like a smoke fairy tale but when it
comes again that's what I see you know
whose idea was it
Cody she put the collar on amina's gonna
see that little cotton so is the grace
stream that's if it all go stuffy hey
hey oh oh that's awesome
look at him and sing good we wish you a
Merry Christmas and happy
