yeah okay so this is happening while I'm
trying to get Olivia ready for school
Thank You Boston oh did you make that
all by yourself yes quite a bit of water
can oh okay okay I'm going to sit and
watch yes Olivia I need a huge hug we
had such a fun morning um today was my
very favorite elf episode I guess you
could say ever it was so much fun when
we were done I didn't record this part
but I all went it was like 6:00 in the
morning so we all way down stairs and we
got back in Olivia's bed and we talked
we were supposed to go sleep so we
talked and then we got up and watched a
movie and it was so much fun
my baby feeding my baby this is crazy
and he's feeding one baby and Olivia oh
well I'm not going to tell you a pan in
the video if you guys want to see you
how to go watch it
that's good telling what you did but I
don't know I hope you didn't touch red
can I come in I would come in if I
wanted to come in this is Mama's house
but I'm just playing okay Lincoln I
don't okay I'll hold him I'll hold him
oh oh come here baby come my bad back
it's not even done and I told you
telling Boston he I said don't catch the
train then he Linton I said I didn't
know what will you do which is just
making room for the boxcar Oh Boston did
you listen when Kody told you what to do
good job that doesn't happen very often
Holly got your tracks yeah we all slided
it ed but we didn't touch him he was
coming towards me then we read was yeah
then oh no it was over it almost closed
we like pull the other
I then went back and we got all the sex
wow you smell so yummy we've covered oh
okay I'm gonna tell you why I'm not mad
that you stole that train from
underneath red is because you're playing
happily together that makes me happy
that you guys are playing together
nicely so can you like a Lincoln and we
and we're just being in here so win to
win it
close the door um close the door what
please Boston
perfect
all right I'm following my own pony when
I trim the tree and that picture again
since Boston broken like the coccyx good
it's good it's on could it boss I'm so
excited oh oh sure did you do that
Boston huh did you do it
oh it's falling Oh what it's falling a
lot did you do also do I like no dude
it'd be that job not did you do it on
purpose
ah yes or no on accident or on purpose
purpose why do you do that don't honey
you can't just ruin things to ruin
things but he was so excited about that
yeah okay all right show me how it works
oh I was going backwards by it so window
ride was backwards I was just jogging
backwards
it was just chugging backwards huh
probably without it it's Brainard Rowley
cuckoo okay let's see it I'm waiting way
to put the tree so whose idea was it to
put the book up Boston I cried
jo Boston do that look happy alright
other Shore at but--would too too short
yeah this is the coolest book a thousand
things that go Julie said that to us
can't remember this for a birthday or
something I got it just all the wheels
it's gonna go okay not even fit right
there you know right where the switches
daddy taught yeah who's me on my door
though it's like the little engine that
could boss oh oh I thought boss I was
gonna say I'm gonna kill you I mean
maybe it's just too fast over its own
might know oh the book hit it okay here
let's light it this way yeah that's a
tight I don't know about all you guys
but I'm in the biggest suspense right
now I'm like come on here like it went
backwards we were laughing when I was
going back with you better hurry daddy's
waiting for me to take the baby from him
he's gonna get mad at me I can hear him
come on she needed the pressure the
pressure and love you boys noodles I
love the hole in your jeans I like them
kid we got to hurry and get your hair
done I gotta get my makeup on what a
piece Hey
lift up that lift out up here lift that
thing up okay go ahead
Oh ended because of all Joe's yelling
for me but I don't I don't wanna watch
the train I don't want to be an adult I
just want to watch the train Oh success
there ya go there cuz that's box does
that look pretty cool yeah yeah look at
the cutest ten ever oh they were so
excited oh you have no idea oh yeah I
wish I would have got them not always so
bizarre it's like oh you saw each other
yesterday laser good well boys yeah boy
well he was excited to boxing I know you
get your hair done yeah these guys right
here working like crazy they are taking
down our old soffit and facia I don't
want to open the door and get in their
way but you can see there's the old
soffit or a fish I'm not sure which one
is which and then they're getting ready
for the new I'm trying to get my makeup
done so Ellie and I can maybe go do
something fun with the kids because
Joel's going to be working with them
outside today so Jared's work in George
Wiggins we gotta do something with the
kids there's something with the kids
Boston are you excited to get bubble gum
okay I told the kids if they were good
we'd give them each a quarter so they
could get a bubble gum does that sound
like a plan you can either get bubble
bath or a different candy okay we are
here at the mall and we are going to get
a piece of bubble gum yeah
okay look for cars don't walk if there's
cars Jackson got a blue one and no
Boston you cannot have a two of them
what when are you gonna choose
no that one's a dollar you can't use
that when you gotta find one of the
smaller come here
nice join a green one okay that does not
surprise me
good job or you got twisted all the way
twist all the way oh yeah
only getting gonna get it get it get it
get it
good job busting we are walking up to
the house and I just know Joel is in
heaven like he is in heaven right now
pretzel maker um are you in absolute
heaven
you first Sookie oh look at jr. work
bell you'll carve it oh no I said Joel
go get the camera and record him sitting
on me because look at his Oh SI units
and it's already never happened to get
in my entire life he close your eyes
close your eyes no not indirect no I'm
just going over live in Lusaka weather
okay Joel you have not read the comments
yet pernicious yesterday's video McGann
he loves you so much
stinking traitor no he's not dependent
on all the doodads sticking it I have
not read the comments from yesterday's
video but I was we're uptick just a
little nervous like okay how are people
gonna take this are we gonna get a few
no absolutely outpouring of just people
being so kind and nice and thoughtful
and it's unreal yeah it was night night
he's gonna show a pencil in my ear is
that not amazing that is amazing that is
amazing
I'll have to read them tonight thank you
guys yep that's a world yeah tonight
when the kids are in bed we may or may
not have a date with a line judge night
but when we get maybe when we get in bed
we will go and read all comments okay
I love you guys so much today I got to
take a link into his wellness
appointment I told Bonnie I am doing it
and I have missed all of them with the
other kids so I'm so excited to take my
little boy yeah are you so excited huh
you're my little guy what are you doing
huh dudes I heard that look at him on
look at your little fat dose
I'm good oh oh but I got thinking I
have some bad news for you you my boy
we're gonna get some shots you're gonna
get shot oh you want your little glove
your this is your toy
yeah just a little uh DIY in the
doctor's office and kids going crazy
grab a medical go ahead blow it up with
air little of it
Cody Boston Lincoln they all love it oh
except for that
let's get that at your mouth
don't know
rabbit animals yeah
that's a good boy they got slobber all
over there wrinkle mom do it again -
you're sloppy yeah dirty Oh everyone's
exempt you all get a funny starting with
MLA well that's why kids are the way
they are because I'm my god okay there
you go
and they were supposed to help me make
these but no one had a cousin that's
okay
yes see cookie okay these are the ginger
no the molasses cookies I was telling
you guys about in one of my blogs Oh
believe in because I know people will
ask and they're phenomenal are they not
the best they're soft and chewy engine
jr. they're perfect nine minutes no more
in the last future lemon cool look at
your red cookies and then probably not
coming over I'd better hard and then I
do have to shop gingerbread men are
gross I do too that's why I never make
them they're never like good good hi
Thank You mechanism I'm horny ami okay
yes we go or if you guys want to hear it
welcome to our shop or there we go but
Earth Day on the way come on with us now
into the winter lies kimberlite it's got
Carol a mistress and applause oh how is
he didn't I hope you like this yup
I'm a City Christmas
you know have a seat in the lines homie
let's show our Center pictures doors
everyone you know did you like to hear
that how do you say everybody is
studiously working on their homework yes
even Boston's got a book cracked open
learning some new words but I wanted to
take it moment before this fog and tell
you guys thank you for your support for
yesterday that was like a big deal to
tell you guys that I'm grateful that
support was there and I'm grateful to
know see Bonnie and I have made is a
good one so we want to say thank you
guys and if you liked today's video
click the thumbs up button and I'll see
you guys next
