you
I remember this is a model train and I
can't eat it
faucet breath gonna like blast in one
just like it
you guys and is so early in the morning
why is your son um look II saw I was
changing your season is not a post once
I was watching I'm I was watching
fossils but cuz your party and so then
when I came out I saw this guy's like
and then I thought that uh and then I
thought we could look bitch cuz you you
can't go upstairs
you were wiping boston's but Boston did
you get up and go potty
yeah and did you yell for mommy or were
you just kind of quiet so I didn't hear
you I asked quiet and what did you say
how did you know he needed some money
I usually was just like yelling hey like
yelling mm-hmm like not like loud but
like kind of like so then everybody
could hear him except with knowing that
Olivia you're an angel and then you saw
this
and you think and you didn't come up and
tell me because the Sun was up so you
didn't come up the stairs nothing ah my
gosh what the heck did you guys touch
red did you did you put red there curry
you put red there yeah Did you touch him
actually touch him you wanna ask you I I
like I like I didn't touch of my all the
way with Cody
accidentally dude mm he touch a hat you
didn't know some magic no she was for
magic I think you know what I think
since your boss's magic I think that um
what's a girl named for what violet
violet can um already um they both can
fly together even though reg doesn't
have a suit on violet will help red
county look at me
we got time okay look at me come bring
me did you touch him
you know what
we'll just have to wait and find out
tomorrow what happened I think I know it
will happen I think that um well get
read and fly with fly hold ratify and
then um don't tell Santa to give wearing
my magic okay I guess we'll have to find
out what happens tomorrow
Cody if me don't be sad we'll find out
and see what happens tomorrow okay no I
don't want anyone this man I want the
one I want I want this one you get the
Waterloo
okay oh come here do you know what
Boston Boston come here let me tell you
something the Train is not gonna be just
Cody's the Train is not gonna be just
don't know total dread that's gonna take
a lot well maybe Red's not even gonna
leave it cuz you touched him let's just
not think about it right now okay do you
think red you guys there's sitting there
watching your fight
she's gonna tell Santa that you're
fighting Oh
what do you think we should tell her we
didn't mean to it's just different it
it's usually if there's one to learn
everybody wants it it's hard so you
should always just share until like like
car detailed read that to get a new one
that's the sentence
um code you can share the same thing
until Christmas even and then we'll see
if Boston gets where these well let's
just
oh there her until Christmas Eve
and then we'll see if Boston gets one so
they don't have to fight about it well I
think Olivia's totally right but I want
this one
yeah well me right now yeah could it
could it you can have it it's yours it's
yours but you it's not like all yours is
not like you can still share with it
it's yeah uh all yours that you in terms
of par oh yeah let's let's not fight
about it I'm gonna tell you the plan you
can't school get back in bed go get back
in bed be good until it's no put your
put trip okay put the train back oh
don't scallop mama go I want you to go
get back in bed and when the Sun comes
up we'll talk about it okay can you
in here yeah should I lay on the couch
Gillian my bed ahh
maybe we should all go get back in
Olivia's bed Tanner what you don't know
why she's on the chorus
oh boo okay
say good night everybody yeah
