oh hey want to do oh he wants to do it
daddy he wants to do it yes oh okay oh
wow good job Lincoln oh yes you get it
put those on the floor and watch what he
does I mean I know this is horrible but
he sat here and did this all morning
while I was trying to get some work done
there you go I hope he throws it the way
he was throwing it this morning you see
his face like oh my goodness you are
scary maybe a little bit a little bit oh
dear oh and it's begun put them on the
floor
the worst possible habit ever it's not
you're gonna have it every single one of
our kids have done that I remember being
pregnant watching Olivia um destroying
her room with wet wipes oh the worst
part is is I'm not gonna let those go to
way so we shove them in a one gallon bag
and then when you really need like more
than one you're digging through them and
you get this whole wad it's terrible but
it is good to see him happy for
something he has not been a happy camper
today he's been so cranky we've all been
cranky nobody's happy ain't nobody happy
today
yeah but we are having a better day now
so we'll say good morning at three
o'clock in the afternoon
it's so true I was like Joel we haven't
even picked up the camera today we've
been working on a brand deal and so
we've had cameras up all day long just
not you guys right now
so sorry about that I was all the way
ready okay because we were supposed to
go to a play today and Marlina catholics
we're not gonna have time I had to get
ready for the brand deal and then I had
to wash my face off for the brand bill
because I just wasn't smart about the
way I was doing it anyway
duck which sucked really bad because her
makeup looked pretty good and I'm pretty
happy to take her out on the town you're
so sweet so now leave you be thank you I
think that Boston may be catching up on
some much-needed sleep he took a humongo
nap today
that normally he doesn't and he woke up
had some lunch and now he is just laying
back in bed
he doesn't feel sick he doesn't seem
sick no like symptoms of anything he
just you know what's in a better mood
single you want robots oh you'd give me
a better motorcycle for your birthday
yeah that's not for a while though huh
for my little birthday you should give
me a better choice famille you see
what's on his mind he is watching
Caillou the most loved some show that
ever existed for children ever um I'm
finally ready and John I we're gonna go
out we're gonna go out well there we go
out date night at the beginning of the
week
we've got everything lined up for the
babysitter so hopefully it will be
seamless oh and what you think you're
gonna hang out with me and Dad you're
the one we're running from you screaming
little demon which got in your mouth
c'mere aluminum foil yummy mmm with
anyone
yep anyone with yet nope nope I'm trying
to get the camera where we're on it for
later and Lingam is he's saying that
yeah that's the one you broke that's the
one you broke another one missing it's
back half yes but that very first one
that we broke that there that's the only
one that's broke
okay baby sir here what's yours okay do
you think a little more have I'd say
lower no someone want like my gut in
this shot no but I want like I don't
know why I wanted closer get it closer
because we're used to having them but I
want it like straight you don't mean
like even amount of stockings yeah oh my
guess it's okay it's kind of weird can
you see that blow the fireplace no dress
on a pillow yes my torsos taller than
his this is such an awesome illusion
we're not like oh you have a back
problems okay oh he really does okay my
Pippin up there is something that we've
been wanting to sit down and talk about
but we haven't and the reason that we
haven't is because we got crap for it
before we were ready to talk about it in
every single video we've been we've
gotten the question does Joel work did
you put his job you guys are liars
you're not telling us what's going on
I know at first no it's true no you're
being so dishonest I mean there's a lot
of people that are cool and they're just
like if he quit great if he okay so let
me just say the reason that it got me
kind of upset is because we weren't we
weren't sure what we were doing and
people were like wanting us to like talk
about if Joel was working or not and we
weren't sure like we weren't sure what
we were doing or
our plan was and so because we didn't
have a plan we had nothing to say and
then people started kind of getting
nasty about it and we just thought you
know we put out there what we want to
put out there and we don't owe anyone an
explanation really for anything like
we're showing you what we want to show
you but sometimes we want to keep things
to ourselves yeah some stuffs gotta stay
personal now that this is a big I mean
it kind of is you don't ask people about
their finances you know I mean it's just
it's just not polite it's not nice and
but the thing with youtubers is that's
what people like to talk about they like
to know that kind of stuff
and that is part of the job is also
giving the details - yeah so it's it's a
it's a fine line you walk and I know
that it's a really normal thing because
everyone that that we know personally
our neighbors they say what you can make
a living off youtube you bet you
actually make money doing that and it's
a weird thing it's weird because it's
new it's new to us it's new to loud
people at first when people were asking
like oh - Joe quit your job quit at
first I was like well what if he got
laid off what if he got fired like that
would have been like really sad what if
we didn't want to talk about that you
know what I mean
but that didn't happen no that didn't
happen no I left on my own terms
a lot of questions were also for the
longest time we would people would ask
what was Joel do and Bonnie didn't give
a lot of description because I worked
really weird hours he worked he worked
graveyards yeah I worked a lot of graves
and we used days a rotating shift and it
was it was a little bit rough but I
loved what I did and I loved being
working with people that I worked with
but we didn't tell people because we
didn't want people to know too much
information and I slowly I didn't want
people knowing that I was home alone by
myself at night I just did not feel
comfortable having the world know that I
was home by myself while you are at work
which was a good thing but now that I've
left there and we are doing this
full-time and I'm able to help Bonnie
that was the whole reason really was it
was becoming so much work for Bonnie
that it was it was enough work for two
people I was losing my mind to do it I
was losing
my mind and I mean when Joel stopped
working we were in the middle of the
remodel and so he was still really busy
I was still really busy and now I feel
like we both take care of the kids we
both um work out brand bills we both we
both edit edit like Joel 36
her mostly learn how Roboto so I'm
trying to take on more of the burden
because it is it is a lot more work than
just one person can do and so that's
that's why people do this and I always
thought well I'll never quit I'll just
stay doing what I'm doing and we'll just
enjoy the YouTube thing on the side as
well but it's it just got to a point
where it was too much for Bonnie and I
didn't want to see Bonnie doing that and
then she did me the favor of letting me
stop working graves cuz those were
brutal no it was it was taking years off
my life I felt like but I'm trying to
like not get emotional about this
one thing I do want to say is that as
weird of a job as this is I mean we
never saw ourselves doing this when
Ellie and Jared first came out and said
that they were gonna be youtubers and
that we thought well there's room in our
basement hmm you know in a year there's
always still is what are your those days
um this is a very different and unique
situation but I am I'm very grateful
because it has literally changed our
lives we are trying not to let it change
who we are as people because we want to
stay true to who we are raise our kids
the way we want to raise them and have
we have such strong desires for our
children we want to keep it that way um
but this has been a very great thing and
I think that was one of the reasons that
I was a little hesitant to share what we
were doing um is because I know there's
so many people out there the works so
hard
um and I guess I feel bad that I get to
have Joel home with me and they don't um
so I don't know there's that and it was
kind of hard to wrap my mind around this
being a risk
spectable job and not because not
because I feel that way because that's
what people say you know peep so many
people in the comments saying all you
need to go get a real job but I've seen
people attack other youtubers you know
telling the men you know you need to go
get jobs people have no idea what goes
into this it takes a lot of work and a
lot of hours and a lot of 24/7 there
there really aren't days off as a
youtuber and any youtuber will tell you
that there's no true days off you've
always got a camera you're always
filming you're always editing well
there's a reason that we haven't gone
daily I mean my gosh daily youtubers I
have to hand it to them that is more
than I can do I mean we do Monday
through Friday and it is it's a lot it's
a lot to share it's a lot to give um you
know there's pros and cons I am so
grateful for it though mm-hmm I love it
oh I do want to give it a little when
Bonnie was talking about the people
working hard and spend a lot of time I
just have to give a little shout out if
she'll let me to my fellow PMG employees
like I loved it and they were the salt
of the earth and every time I would
think about blue collar workers just
people who are just earning a living
which it was a great job and it paid
really really good but it was work and
and and I appreciate those kind of
people and that's the kind of people I
want to stay while doing this well
unlike my mom she's she's a farmer she
grew up on the farm and like they worked
so hard and like everyone that makes our
world rotate you know our doctors our
nurses our you know just everything into
the garbage man like Alan somebody's got
a job and it's got to be done and
thankful that everybody does it and
we're grateful there I can't business
feeling I can't believe I'm senior
Boeing but it is because like and this
is if you put on makeup twice I know um
there's just such hard workers out there
and I appreciate them
and we're gonna stay I mean there is not
a day that gel doesn't get up early and
he still works out he's still and I kind
of feel like now I'm getting into the
justifying stages like I don't have to
justify the hard work that you do that's
not even in question when we first got
married I remember my mom telling me I
don't worry about you one little bit
when I first had Olivia we knew that I
was going to quit my very high paying
job and and that was that wasn't even a
concern to me like I didn't care you
have a very low kind of job we went to
making nothing and I didn't care and did
you care no we just made it work and I
picked up side jobs and and he worked
his tail off and you still work hard for
us I just think that we are working
together more so now than we ever have
so it is fun working with my best friend
and when we went to the meetup that's
kind of when I felt like okay I want to
tell everybody now because I'm telling
my friends that I'm not telling people
that will judge us
I'm telling our friends and our faithful
viewers what's going on in our lives so
Joel did quit his job and he is home now
we are working on one thing there is no
for sure with YouTube for all we know we
could stop giving pay tomorrow and so
our goal is for Joel to build side
businesses so that he can um so we're
sustained long term and that's as much
as I love YouTube and I love the camera
let's let's face it you guys are here
for this for this right here so I'm
gonna do what I do and still we're back
my hands and a lot and do a lot of my
labor work but do it on my own terms now
which is kind of fun yeah we just want
to tell you guys that we love you so
much we appreciate you and we would not
be able to do this if you didn't watch
our videos if you didn't click the
thumbs up button if you didn't subscribe
so we are truly grateful for you guys
and our situation mm-hmm thank you sir
Monica happy holidays
may the merry bells keep ringing
Santa P is nuts roasting on be nice
hahaha no chestnuts para o you know what
my mom she got ran over by a reindeer
well we have a babysitter so we are
going to head out and we're gonna close
the vlog so it can just be me and you
thank you guys so much for watching and
we'll see you guys in tomorrow's vlog I
guess
