good morning Saturday morning Olivia why
are you doing the dishes because she got
in trouble for no reason she knows
there's a reason I'm sure you can find
something yeah he can't have Lincoln can
have those okay I told the kids eat what
you want to your Valentine's candy coz
I'm throwing the rest away
because I am so sick of him wanting
everything to be honest I'm not even
sure what joel is working on what
exactly are you working on what exactly
are you working on I don't even know do
you even know well so we've gotten like
the new little devices and I need to run
wire to them so I don't see wires I
don't think anyone's gonna know what
that means new devices like Nintendo's
and stuff like that and I need wires to
go to the TV forum and I don't like
wires on the wall Oh hanging down Oh got
it we all got it work lady wowie let me
tell you one thing those sometimes these
sticky things stain which is ridiculous
so basically you can't have anything fun
you just need to throw it away very far
yeah
all of it dad what I would just office
Oh cuz we don't need a TV anymore we're
done with it you kids we're very naughty
the smallest one is the most like dad
why are you taking off for TV yeah we
don't need TV anymore right on one side
that won't light but dr. Seuss there is
a scene in here the kids probably
shouldn't say it but we already have
this fan long have a very scratched
version of it that doesn't have a case
and flushed away that's a super cute one
oh you guys Joel love CDs and he loves
DVDs so cute
we'll have to sit down and watch it with
these guys and then skip it I just
remember watching it when I was little
being like I'm collecting all the things
I need tonight for a fondue party we're
heading to Emily my sister-in-law's
house and we're gonna have a little fun
do party and Joel sweet sweet Joel's
like are you gonna get dressed I was
like hey I'm dressed party he's like
well what if we take like an Instagram
picture
I was like yeah somebody for the
Bluebell and he's like yeah you should
get dressed I'm like I'm not getting
dressed I'm ready to go to our fondue
party he is like jet pissed I am wearing
leggings and a sweater this Saturday and
I am gonna wear whatever I want to wear
he's like we'll find if you're blending
it then I'm gonna yeah I'm like yes it's
our Saturday night we can do whatever we
want to do oh dude Wow I don't know wow
I was like I'm like are you kidding me
if anyway doesn't this look like good
dipping things I'm in charge of the
chalk Oh peanut butter that's what I
wanted
Oh some of the recipes said not to use
the natural stuff I'm not sure why I'm
gonna use the natural stuff so oh I'm in
charge of the chocolate peanut butter
that's what we're gonna melt I've got
some cream in the fridge I'm just gonna
grab it right now because I'm singing it
I know I won't forget it so chocolate
peanut butter heavy cream and to dip in
it I've got pineapple plenty of
strawberries angel food cake
marshmallows I hate these but Joel
wanted to get them I'd never enjoy the
marshmallows rice krispies treats
brownies and cookies and I'm gonna bring
green apples in case whoever is doing
the cheese doesn't remember to get them
or think about getting them because I
didn't have we go to the melting pot and
like Oh apples and cheese but that
sounds good I'll have that Lincoln are
you ready to go to Grandma's it's gonna
be fine
I don't know why he paused but I'm glad
he did what is it Maggie
candy brownie who made him grandpa
Cody how come you ate the frosting off
first hi
did you like the brownie is that yummy
Olivia how come you don't have a brownie
yet huh oh you don't like the salad and
you got to clean up your plate to have
it can you take one big bite one big
bite one big spoon full bite and I'll
let you have a brownie yummy
it's John Gotti and if you like it let
me know and I'll find more saddle design
will come because this is a series on
Disney so I'm quite sure there's more
example
you
it's very in this side Stella
Howie strings the cumin
today
yesterday
gonna be tomorrow
so is everyone good for Grandma were you
did you have fun awesome
do you guys want to see what dad got and
each one of you has a special one in the
bag can you smell it the whole car
smells like can you smell it
you were kind of a terror for Grandma
like can you smell it
daddy picked out a bath bomb for each
one of you do I take a bath with a bath
bomb I got you
there's a pigeon spinner one and there's
a rocketship one
monkey chattering beyou and kotiga
fidgets bitter woods Olivia I bought you
the lushest pink glitter one I've ever
seen in my life you have to get the ring
doll who sent that to you uncle Jeremiah
is so cool
Olivia aunt Ruby sent me home with a
dress that's a hand-me-down from Abby
and Julie fun huh we laughed so hard
sitting around the table and it was
amazing like my head hurts my throat
hurts which means it was a good party
but they're miserable delayed well I
feel like I have a sore throat because I
was like yelling over all the noise and
like laughing so hard like my throat is
sore but we're gonna end the vlog our
weekend has been so much fun thank you
guys for watching if you are new chart
channel make sure to subscribe and click
that thumbs up button we love you guys
thank you for following us can you guys
say goodnight
