good morning you guys it is Saturday
morning we are in the car on the way to
a fun-filled day and it is a very rainy
day so I'm hoping it doesn't like cancel
our plans we'll see that we'll see so
this morning I am trying to get our Elf
on the Shelf video uploaded so I'm using
my phone as a hotspot as I'm hoping that
it's done by the time we get there and
now we'll be good to go
like the morning times are stressful
times because like Scott and make sure
you prep us up no matter if you've got
plans or not like it's got to be done
now if you'll give me a minute I want to
enjoy the song
one of our plans
today was to go ice skating and
because of all the rain I don't think
we're going to get to do that but I want
to show you guys a conversation on my
phone the other day with April and Devi
I say April and Devi just so you guys
know who they are but it was April so we
were watching their vlogs they're in
photo Rico with Alex Boye which I am so
jealous stuff anyway we're watching my
kids were like is that Alex boy and
they're like no it's not him because he
doesn't have the white stripes under his
face and so I texted April in LA and I
was telling her about it and she sent me
this picture as soon as like texture
that she sent me this picture and my
kids were freaking out so the kids were
like let's seeing the lemonade song so
they sing a lemonade song and sent it
and I sent it over to them and Alex said
that you loved it which I thought that
was so stinking cute of them Daisy
that's so sweet have I even told you
that okay so I'm hoping that the weather
doesn't change this but Santa Claus is
gonna fly in here in a helicopter right
ha ha does that sound cool yeah okay
Boston Santa's gonna fly in here in a
helicopter can you believe that
okay can you guys hear it hey Shh do you
hear what I hear do you hear it I
where on earth do you think you're going
huh
greatest day in your life Wow
no he took him off oh you're gonna hear
it alright he's still happy to be
outside of his car seat forget it
professor Lincoln I can hear the
helicopter yes I'm saying yes yes yay
and what if we get to tell him what we
want for Christmas do you guys know what
you're gonna tell him yeah I'm gonna add
it in red are you gonna ask him
yeah but red isn't Santa Claus well
Kendall and I didn't know as many people
if you can tell red but red has to tell
Santa oh oh my gosh hey turn the wipers
away oh my gosh it is mrs. Claus misoo
cause looks like I to ride it huh I
don't know I didn't see the helicopter -
I love that we are all scrunched up here
look can you see it Boston bacon Boston
do you see the helicopter mm-hmm that's
great I can tell you I'd save on yeah um
we're actually very close maybe we
shouldn't be this close
oh my gosh Joel Joel it is actually like
pushy don't they're all flying over oh
my gosh
it's protecting our self father look all
of those that all over oh that's so
funny Joel's like out in the blizzard II
ha ha ha protecting his ride he's
freezing
yeah give me no I don't think so
Joel that was such a close one oh that
was the next one to go I was scared
well they all came down in a row that
was crazy
look yeah
okay we're gonna park away so when he
takes off oh heck yeah yeah we are
moving okay come on oh oh so fun we're
gonna go have breakfast
inside with Santa oh okay okay I'm gonna
take the kids in you go part of the car
help us to your car we have l of Joel's
family here and I was surprised that he
let go of my leg for two seconds honey
yes up yep he is clinging very tightly
to me because I don't know he's feeling
a little maybe excited and anxious huh
yes this is fun Joel's dad arranged for
this and I think he was pretty excited
to watch the grandkids expressions don't
you think oh yeah bossing can you look
at mama look at me when Gigi hahaha
Lincoln is not happy
I'm just leaving the movie theater as
you can see about ticket to move on I'm
so excited and me and all Joel siblings
are gonna go and what we were supposed
to do today you can see they have the
sweetest ice-skating rink I'm gonna
leave a link to the video blades of
glory a couple years ago we came and we
had the funnest time it was when your
very first starting to vlog anyway and I
remember feeling really uncomfortable
recording out there anyway
really cute um of course we're at
Farmington station we've been here
millions of times I'm really sad that
it's raining I'm like getting really wet
out here right now anyway I'm glad that
they have a movie theater so that we can
at least do something instead of just
having to go home so hey first time in
Cabela's Joel is it everything you
imagined and then some we have some time
to kill before we go to our movie and
jaws like Cabela's I've never been to
Cabela's in all the years we've been
married every time we pass the Cabela's
we've never had time to stop we don't
have any close to us hey and this one's
very new and so he's very excited to
come into Cabela's this is amazing how
cool is this what do you guys think
yes I think that is really cool again
grandpa alright there's grandpa fish and
there's mama fish how about that I like
that one for a mama fish I'm trying to
like look at and see who they resemble
which ones you oh I kind of stinks over
here actually cool that's pretty stinky
actually
like this is a real real animal I could
never imagine being this close to an
animal with antlers that flippin big
they're beautiful enough seriously could
you imagine being face to face with that
guy
no thank you mom I'm twisting but was
confronted by another ha ha ha
I dreamed of
I wanna buy it when it comes out did you
love it
um that made me spike just like feel
like empowered and kind of like
emotional like that was good good I
absolutely want to get it you did so
good I was so glad this is the first
movie we've ever brought him to and he
did so good he did good he's too cool
azog oh yeah monkey eat the cheese eat
the cheese eat the cheese okay hey
that's pretty cool
that's pretty cool well this is really
close to my face sorry um the cute girl
that you saw waving in the montage so
that was the fire chief's daughter right
his daughter yeah so the fire chief at
Farmington they actually were just
coincidentally sitting behind us in the
movie theater and it was really fun to
like chat with him he invited us to come
over to the fire station any time anyway
really fun like this was a fun day it
was fun meeting them okay let's go
grandma's waiting let's go boys before
we bring it let's go hey why do you keep
crawling up there and turning on
grandma's radio are you doing hey you
take him away and he squeals like a
little kid yeah oh oh mister are you
dancing too
Kalin Olivia's getting married oh you're
gonna marry Lincoln does that mean daddy
is that what I still look like Boston
here is that what mom used to look like
yeah good answer
we thoroughly enjoyed our day Jo driving
us home or Jen I could barely see the
road four summers yeah like it's palak's
so I'm very attended a few yeah yeah
just focus on the road
it is still raining it's been raining
all day which is fun like I think it's
been fun
what Oh daily Sun no I love it Cameron
smiled and I came back to throw another
girl yep please do strike that's not
even funny I'm not even laughing knock
it off just right anyway I'm in love
with today it was very very nice don't
you feel like it was just a relaxing
good day well we crossed the few things
off the December bucket
yes we did thank you guys for watching
um okay
YouTube is whoa everyone is being
unsubscribed from everyone's channel so
if you guys want to be subscribed to us
please check and make sure that you are
click the bell next to the subscribe
button if you want to be notified when
we upload our videos so you don't miss
out on all of our awesomeness
thanks for watching and give this video
a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll
see you guys in the next video bye guys
bye guys
