hey guys today I'm going to sit down and
do a makeup tutorial for the second time
so if you don't know if you don't watch
my vlogs I recorded this whole thing and
then you'll accidentally deleted it so
it's okay we're starting fresh I am
getting ready right now to go to the
Carrie Underwood concert with all of my
sisters for my birthday that's what gel
got me for my birthday so I want to look
hat so I'm going to get ready I'm going
to record it for you so normally I start
with my foundation but today I'm going
to start with my eyebrows because I want
I'm going to be doing some glitter and I
don't want the glitter to fall onto my
foundation so eyes first the first thing
I'm going to start with is the Anastasia
Beverly Hills brow Wiz pencil and I like
this because it has a brush on one end
and the pencil on the other
oh and I forgot to mention I am letting
my hair air dry because I am going to be
doing a tutorial after this
my eyebrows are looking very scary right
now and tutorials are always so
intimidating but I just know that I'm
doing a very dramatic eye look and so
you can't have like non-existent
eyebrows like you have to have a bold
eyebrow if you're gonna have a bold eye
shadow look you don't have to but I like
to UM so I am feeling a little
intimidated right now doing these oh my
gosh you guys I so like the Corinne Jers
okay I did not mean to do my eyebrows
this um intense but I'm struggling
sometimes your eyebrow green game you
just struggle oh that one's Brooke hey
this is the eyebrow gel I've been using
and I love it even more than the honest
hacia one this is the Gimme brow by
benefit the little one that this thing
comes with is so teeny cute and I just
like it that's not why I like it though
it has little fibers in it and when you
put it in your eyebrows it makes your
eyebrows um darker you have to prime
your eyelids I didn't used to think this
was a necessity but it honestly is I use
concealer you can use any type of eye
shadow primer but you need to prep them
and then set them with a powder and I
used to think while you're setting it
using your eyeshadow but your eyeshadow
doesn't blend on nicely if it's not set
because it's tacky when you said it it's
tacky
the first eyeshadow that I'm going to
use is called beaches and cream with a
fluffy brush I take that first color and
I just it in my crease like this and I
take it pretty far up in close to my
eyebrow I just like the way it looks the
first very very light color if this was
a dark color you would not want to be
taking it up to your eyebrow being kind
of see the way that the look that it
creates the next color is really similar
it's just slightly darker it's called
creme brulee I'm going to put it in my
crease and not go near as high with this
one I'm just going to stick to the
crease and also the outer corner of my
eye the next color that I'm going to use
is called bin and I
going to take a flatter fluffy brush you
can see that from the side and apply it
to my outer corner of my eye I apply
this color really low because I don't
want it to go very high I apply almost
like it's a eyeliner almost and then I
blend up but I don't go past my crease I
use a very tiny amount the first time I
go in and do it I blend the crap out of
it and then I'll go in and add just a
little more to the same area just along
that kind of eyeliner area and I just
keep it on the outer corner and then
blend it in towards the middle of the
eye now before I move on I'll take my
original fluffy brush and I'm going to
circle it on the outer edge like this to
make sure that it looks nice and smooth
before I move on to an even darker brown
shade I'm taking a very dark rich brown
color this is not a makeup geek one this
is a anastacio Beverly Hills color in
the shape fudge and I'm going to put on
the exact same area as the bitten color
the more purpley color and I don't want
to have like a purple look so I'm going
to go over that but I like the hue that
it gives and I concentrate this fudge
color even more so towards the lashline
than anything and then once I feel like
it's blended I'll move it up a little
into the crease to be honest I don't
think that this shade and blends very
well I actually don't think it blends
well at all makeup geek eyeshadows are
way less than the Anastasio Beverly
Hills colors and they don't blend near
as nice as the makeup geek ones makeup
geek ones are like six bucks and this
you can just see it just doesn't blend
very well I have to work like crazy to
get it to blend and I know she has a
rich dark color that I need to get I had
to do some major cleanup with this
eyeshadow because my kids
I'm completely like put their fingers
and anything so I'm going to take a flat
synthetic brush and I'm going to take
this eyeshadow I am not exactly sure
what this color is but I will
try and figure it out because it's not
listed on the back that really does stay
on your eyelids pretty well I won't say
it's like perfect but it stays on pretty
well this is the exact same way that I
did my a makeup for Thanksgiving I had a
lot of people asking how I did my makeup
on the Thanksgiving video and it's the
exact same I just didn't use glitter I
used a gold eyeshadow so this is the
technique that I use a lot when I'm
wanting to do my makeup nice or like
intense I'm going to take an eyeliner
brush and that fudge color and I'm going
to do some eyeliner with it but nothing
crazy I'm literally just gonna line my
top lash line the last step in my eye
look is going to be lashes you don't
have to do lashes I love doing lashes
especially with like bold brows and a
lot of glitter on the eyelid I feel like
it just puts the whole look together
I've been practicing doing the lashes
for a very long time and it takes a long
time to UM figure out like where to
place them on your eye and how far in
how far out what kind of eyelashes you
like to use by far my favorite eyelashes
to use are the Ardell whispies not the
demi whispies I do not like demi
whispies but I love the whispies they
have a really thin band and I just think
they're really pretty and I have figured
out how to wear them comfortably I've
had lashes on for ten hours before and
they've lasted me just great I also like
to use the Ardell glue I used to use the
duo glue and I just feel like the Ardell
glue is a little bit better and I know
some people don't like to put mascara on
their lashes but I'd do camera one
camera two camera one camera two I went
ahead and finished the rest of my makeup
on my face and now I'm going to show you
just the finishing touches on the eye
look so I'm going to take creme brul√©e
eyeshadow on the flat fluffy brush and
I'm just going to run it underneath my
entire I just like this and I like using
this brush because it's not precise like
it's not like a line that I put
on my eyes I have a hard time putting
eyeshadow underneath my eyes I don't
know I just don't feel like it looks the
greatest on me and sometimes it makes me
look like I've been crying or something
I don't know my eyes get red really
really easy too so I'm just going to run
that along my bottom lash line and then
I'm going to take fudge the really dark
color and I'm going to start on outer
corner and get that pushed around on the
outer edge and then oh I kind of like
that and then I'll move it in just a
little bit when there's not as much
product on my brush and I kind of like
to try and connect it a little bit on
the edge to the top eyeshadow United
mean the highlighter that I use on my
cheeks is the champagne pop I love it it
is Jaclyn hills collaboration with them
and I just put that on the top of my
cheeks and on the inner my inner um eyes
teared up area and I don't like to use a
ton just because I don't know why but I
just feel like it doesn't like look good
on me you know I don't know so as you
can see the eyes are done this is the
look that I have done many many times
and I like it now that I have my hair
done I wanted to show you guys what the
final look would look like with using
the Mac media lipstick this is what I've
been wearing a lot and I know it's
really dark but I've actually been
really loving it the video for this
hairstyle should be up and posted so if
you want to go check that out I will
make sure to leave it in the description
bar for you guys along with all of the
products that I have used today
including the robe that I wore because I
learned the hard way that you can ruin
an outfit real quick by spilling makeup
on it so I wore that robe and now my
help is clean and ready to go thank you
guys so much for watching this tutorial
I loved making it for you guys for the
second time
it's okay Joel I still love you um thank
you guys so much we'll see you guys in
my next video bye guys
