we just got Rommel in look spider-man
Twiggy's he's making hey spider-man you
made a big mess
look you take tremors my tape and and
vile it well that's not very nice how
about a port you can paddle it how could
possibly rad - you're not all the way up
there not spider-man but right how could
we do that
that's not as well now I know that was
spider-man in them talk to them live in
the water you want to get her down I
don't know I'm playing like this
explains are the bad list
he is totes on the bad list I thought
Spiderman was usually like the good guy
or something it's kind of weird
let me go get the bottom a go get mommy
you want to go get Superman yeah Red Dog
blood is red like a black and red one I
like yo Superman's gonna punch
spider-man I think that's cheese tired
of being a black and red ah
because leg-oh what I think tomorrow is
gonna have a broken leg
alright I'm a little nervous of what's
gonna happen here what do you guys think
I think I think you know what I think
that super is gonna fire me hmm Oh
spider-man why are you looking at me
hitting my table I didn't do anything to
you
video screens easy function but you know
aha
I got an idea what I got that lien cuz
it's like trans legs it will go back and
a run get them knocking okay you okay
all right
Boston's love shy of a spider-man so
we're gonna see if Batman is Superman
I'll get something else too okay they
course Superman Superman I'm a little
disappointed in you
you kind of wimped out on us okay Batman
Batman never disappoints you
he up come on give him my church no
Wayne okay Mac and Michael on the count
of three
on the count of three do it together one
two three Oh red oh you both did it I
never have to did the specula race I
don't know no one is touching red we are
leaving we are leaving the scene exactly
the way it is Batman okay well when is
probably dead now no one is going to
touch red I think we've done enough
damage
yeah should go get a belter way okay I
want everyone to go get dressed we have
a huge day today let's go yes go guys
let's go to zero
Oh
