hey guys I'm gonna jump straight into
this hair tutorial because it is long
overdue while I was recording this
makeup look which will be coming out
tomorrow I allowed my hair to air dry I
will show you the products that I used
in it I am a longtime fan of pure ology
Shampoo and Conditioner I always go back
to the hydrate purple bottle right now
I'm trying the fulfil I always want to
say full fly the way it's spelled
fulfill and it's a voluminous line and
it actually works really well so if
you're looking for something really
voluminous I like this stuff once I get
out of the shower and my hair is towel
dried I apply a couple of pumps of the
Redken curvaceous um gel it's like a
jelly type product so I add into the
palm whoops
sorry right I had a couple of bumps into
the palm of my hand of that and then I
add a couple of pumps of redken diamond
oil it just helps your hair to dry a
little bit quicker and then also the red
can frizz dismiss and this is just it
helps your hair to not be so frizzy so
once my hand is full of all that good
product I run it through the ends of my
hair and I work it up to the roots and
all the way through my entire hair once
my hair is all the way are dried I will
go through and curl it in two different
sections I already curled this bottom
section and I will show you how I do the
curls up on top but this is such an
important part of the process curl your
hair and then I have two combs I've got
a pick and then I have a more fine-tooth
comb and I use this a lot when I do that
combing I'm going to start with the pick
and I'm just on one side so you can see
what a difference that this will make I
do this slowly because if I do it
quickly I will have a lot of frizz in my
hair and I'm trying to eliminate that so
I grab on to the ends and I'm just
backcomb like this and I'll even single
out like a curl and
kind of you can see what it did to that
curl and I will go through and just pick
little strands of hair and get at it so
it does create frizz like this is not a
frizz free do um so I've only done just
a little bit so far and you can see what
a difference that has made on each side
if you want to get really crazy you take
the smaller one and I come up by the
roots just the root of my hair and we'll
do the same thing but in just at the top
of my hair because that would really
make my hair go frizzy if I did that all
throughout it so that is what I do
um that's what I do so I'm gonna do this
side and then let me show you how I curl
the hair and I'm not gonna put this in
fast-forward like I'm tempted like as
I'm thinking of how I'm going to edit
the video I think all just stops for
with this side well I don't want to do
that because I feel like you don't
really see how I achieve the look you
know what I mean like sometimes when
people fast forward in tutorials and
like what you're doing and so I will not
ask for this part and I'll just give you
a little talky talk through okay so I
haven't done the back yard it will do
the back but you can't see it so I'm not
going to worry about showing it on
camera
um this is look how like big that is and
I want to get up close you can see the
curls up close and my thighs I'm just
kidding sorry I'm sorry I get weird when
I get awkward okay before I'm on just to
help control frizz I'm just going to
give it a little bit of spray with
hairspray and this is not aerosol when
my hair is curly I never use aerosol
hairspray I use a spritz hairspray I
have used Paul Mitchell hair spray since
the day I knew I had curly hair I've
been using that stuff since junior high
and my mom has bought that it's been in
my house and believe me when I tell you
I have tried many many many
our sprays I always go back to this
hairspray always this is a curling wand
it's a nume curling wand it's not even
mine this is Ely's and then I got this
Helen of Troy curling iron when I was in
beauty school it's little teeny tiny I
like to use the two different sizes of
curling irons to achieve like the kind
of like not messy tousled but kind of
look I guess now because I have bangs
that I would like out of my way I'm
going to curl I'm going to take my hand
and kind of part my hair over like start
at your eyebrow I like this look you can
do it down the center if I didn't have
bangs all I would love to do it all down
the center and just have it big and out
but because of my bangs I feel like it
works best to just kind of have it all
to the side like this you probably can't
see anything it's so dark okay
I'm going to do most of the curls with
this one and I'm going to take just
little teeny sections of hair and I'm
going to curl it backwards like this I
think a hair just broke off that would
be horrible
but I'm pretty sure I just happened and
then I'm going to take another small
section of hair this the closer to my
face the smaller the sections and I'm
going to go towards my face
I like the curls going opposite so that
they don't create this like uniformed
look I like to grab various sizes of
hair so the ones up top I like really
tiny the ones under I just some are big
some are small
I just really whatever you're feeling
some of the pieces I curl all the way to
the very end and some of the pieces I
leave hair sticking out that way it's
just not all uniform like the whole
point of this look is just to have like
crazy curly lioness hair and
actually that's not the hair that I have
I don't have lioness hair
I have frizzy hair but like the big ol
curls okay I'm going to take my small
one and wrap the hair around and like
this piece I'm going to leave out just
so it looks like I've got like little
pieces of hair sticking around like look
how cute puppies areas it just like sits
there and like I don't know it's just
this is just a very fun hairstyle and
you can do this when your hair is I'm
straight you can do it when your hair is
naturally curly it's just going to have
a slightly different effect to it once
you've made your way around your hair
I'm going to take these little baby
hairs with my little curling iron and
I'm going to point my curling iron in
the direction that I want these hairs to
go and I'm going to tightly curl these
and around my face you can see when
you're cute the little guys and these
pieces I want really little because
they're just really fun and cute and
flirty so point those in the direction
we want them to go and you can see I've
got this little teeny one I curled it
downward and some of these up by my face
I'm going to curl downward and you got
to be extra careful
you do not want to be on your face um
how cute are these curls these are the
ones I don't really want frizzy so I'm
going to UM grab those little baby hairs
around my face and kind of make sure
that those are in the loop with the
curling iron you do does that make sense
okay so I'm gone and they do kind of
just go everywhere and but that's the
whole point that's what I want them to
do once you have your here all the way
curls you're going to flip it upside
down like these and you're just going to
do this little motion to loosen up any
curls
this hairdo works the best the next day
so like tomorrow my hair is gonna look
awesome
and there's little pieces you might find
that you want to go through and touch up
in pearl so I just give the whole hairdo
a nice good shake down you know I mean
and you can honestly just leave it like
this you could just go and look how like
just awesome that looks but like a deep
breath and like tossing my there excuse
me I am going to do the same thing to
this top layer that I did and I showed
you the beginning I'm going to backcomb
some of these curls comb some of them
and I just love the instant like the way
it just changes the entire curl once you
back comment the next product I'm going
to use is alternate the brand alternate
it's called perfect blowout cream I'm
going to squeeze just a little bit into
my hand and this helps to keep things
from getting frizzy so once you've kind
of got your hair the way you want it I
just work it through my ends and you do
need to be see enough are to use up all
that so I need to get a little more
product do you guys think I'm all over
the place I hope I'm not all over the
place I'm just like looking at the clock
and I'm like okay I gotta go I gotta get
ready um you work it through the ends
like this and I like I said once you get
it where you want it I like to see you
like that's just like a cute little
piece so I'm just gonna leave it there
and the top because I don't want the top
Lizzie and so I can see a few spots I'm
going to zoom you on so you can see what
I'm talking about
so like this little area is feeling a
little sad like you can see these little
hairs right here so I'm just gonna
gather all the little frizzy hair and if
straightening it like that doesn't help
then I'll take the curling iron to it
but it was just fine so there you guys
go like seriously that's what I do
and it's not like a quick process like
this curling it takes forever but once
it's curled I mean it's just you just
let it go you just let it do what its
gonna do so I'm just going to just kind
of scoot in here and show you the rest
of it I love the top part like when I
very first did my hair like this I was
like oh I hope people don't think my
hair's crazy now I'm like the more crazy
the better with this hairdo like I just
feel like it's it's fun and flirty I
feel like this is a very fun a very
flirty hairdo so yeah if you guys try
this please tweet me pictures I love
seeing when you guys send me pictures
especially on Twitter I feel like that's
the place that I can see everything like
I feel like a lot of things get lost on
Instagram like I don't see him so that's
why I like to see him on Twitter all of
the products that I use today I will put
them down in the description below I
will have a link and when you click on
it it'll take you to all the products
that I've talked about you'll be able to
see pictures and all that so go ahead
and check those out if you want to thank
you guys so much for watching and for
requesting this um hair tutorial because
it was really fun for me to do for you
again if you didn't know my husband I
already recorded this and he totes
deleted it
it's okay I forgiven him okay I love you
guys so much and we'll see you guys in
my next video bye
