oh here cuz you're there pick it's so
cool and that is idea where these do to
do it right they all make a coup in heat
oh my hot chocolate he did
isn't that pretty sweet that they're
looking at baby Jesus human Prince me
yes you want to get up there that's
pretty cool huh okay let's not touch it
though that's why it's on the piano you
think that's pretty cute what's it say
me say me scarlet color um violet oh my
brakes roll up there
Olivia do you want to color violet too
okay
I like scarlet but the kids like violet
okay violet it is fire and red prolly
red you can go in now and the next day
Sunday you take or not one with the
camels at stake you want him to read the
camels oh yeah don't bastard huh for the
donkey he'll remember last year mm-hmm
very the first day we found him he was
on oh yeah come camel all right Olivia
is taking Kangas two for show-and-tell
today and when you go to elementary you
have to be all decked out and ready for
the snow because they play at recess a
lot so your decked out and you got
keggers can you say goodbye to violet
and red
rain
