today today was going to be my day out
daddy
yep we are watching the winter birds out
here
you bought a frostbite okay I'm trying
to find a bird up here to show these
guys where's the snowbirds
no well there's like five of these
really big I can't
there's our hummingbird feeder good
morning you guys it is after school
Olivia and Cody just got home from
school and when Cody walked in he was
bawling his little eyes out yeah how
come you were crying so much when you
got home from school they were frozen to
the bone and what's the first thing you
did when we got home
what'd you do for Cody go in the
classroom I had a frostbite rip there
but not like hard a little bit you're
just a little crying yeah
not the way Cody was
Oh white on my white goodness it was
just crazy so first first step to a
frozen little boy sisters rope second
step awesome story
third step actually this was like the
very first step but out of order sitting
on a hot heater
Cody walked in the door and he said mom
I need a hot chocolate and I said get on
the heater I'll get the hot chocolate
and you did the books I was awfully nice
of you to read him a story you know what
else is awfully nice what what story did
you pick I'm gonna tell you guys what
else is awesome there's a few things
that are awesome
my amazing Tiffany cup that one of you
sent to me and my friend Lacey do you
guys remember we went trick-or-treating
with her yeah she brought us the best
sugar cookies from old grist mill there
so how come you want that one that's the
biggest what is good manners yes what's
good manners oh they're all the same
hello mommy's asking you what's good
manners yes it drives me nuts when
little kids just come up and grab stuff
it's like new I will hand it to you
please put your Grammy hands down okay
sit down how are you even though I think
I need to break that in half I don't
think I don't think you can eat the
whole thing what about you I don't think
you can eat that whole thing
you will be happy with the one that I
give you okay
no oh hold on I have to bite it in half
No
oh alright no one that Lincoln do you
think Lincoln needs one or like
shouldn't you eat it what should we do
with the other half either you didn't
retreat I don't get that do you want to
know why I like sitting on the floor
because I like looking outside at the
little teeny snow that's falling I like
sitting by the heater and I don't know
why I like sitting on the floor there's
just something about sitting on the
floor with your babies I think it's
because I would just remember sitting on
the floor in front of a back window with
my mom one time and we ate coconut that
was our treat we got back we got a cup
and it looked very similar to this one
and we put sugar coconut in it and
that's what we had how's it taste good
the other day I had so many comments of
people saying didn't looking did we just
see Olivia dab in the corner I was like
just dab and we had to look it up and I
was like oh yeah she does it all the
time and you who is it that showed you
in your class so it's a a dabbing song
daddy show me your dance so you do know
like how you did it girl you do it good
no yes
do it Olivia no you come here
we had Carolingian you're gay you have
to do the best you can and then her
reward is watching Carl and you are so
cute in the comments there's been so
many stories of like moms when their
kids have like randomly done the dab is
it dad okay let's not finish it you
don't have to finish it you don't have
to finish it okay let's get everything
off the floor that sounds like a good
idea I'm probably the only one in the
world that thinks this is like the
cutest thing ever there are little
leftovers that they just couldn't quite
finish and ain't nobody thinks the
crumbs are cute it was totally worth it
totally worth it I promise you won't
fall asleep on me because it's way too
late in the day for you to go to sleep
do you see what he just did to it again
go do any buggers once ate with you okay
come here I'm here
Budi I'm like trying to vlog with this
can't you see what he's doing he's like
pulling which one of you to lead you
stink so bad you little stinker kind of
now you're disgusting yeah pause
thinking please madam he said will you
please lay stop staring at your handsome
self okay lay back so you can see
Lincoln is napping right now and we are
enjoying sitting watching your show
we love this time of day because it gets
really crazy so the kids have been crazy
all day at school and I like when they
can come home and just like relax with
me huh yeah for rude I just want to put
the camera in your face and have you do
something cute I like when they come
home and just like milk you want milk Oh
anyway I know it's gonna get really
crazy here in what an hour or two when
it's like time to make dinner time to do
homework time to practice
that's our evening every single night
you keep such a dork
uh-huh how come I stopped doing your
hair how come I haven't done your hair
in like a few months without do your
hair now I know I did code our bosses
today I made em all sorts like handsome
okay what do you guys think should I
leave the back a little bit longer turn
to the side here you want me to do
Cody's hair
okay look at the meat look at the TV so
I can look at your face do you guys
think I should leave the back long like
spiky like that or should I cut it like
normal
does that cookie taste good to you huh
yes do you know what sad little teeny
body doesn't fit in the camera frame
right now look how big you are
no big you are
so right now I am getting the kids in
their jammies just a hair early because
really go have dinner at Ellie's house
should we go have dinner at Emily's
house oh that was so many nice thanks
Olivia Oh
can you give mommy when you give me a
kiss nope nothing well Ellie invited us
to come over to her place for dinner and
I thought that sounded really nice we've
had a quiet kind of cold day outside and
it's always fun to go over and play
white rice and just kind of enjoy the
night over there do you see all that
snow that's what happened when you were
taking a nap like I told you guys
yesterday every night these kids get
hyper and crazy I don't know what to do
about the evening time they could know
out of hey Olivia out of my room Missy
you know I try to not let the kids go in
my room like I like it to be my space at
least not playing they don't get them
play in my room thank you guys so much
for watching even when I look a little
crazy like this today that's okay we had
a quiet cozy day at home today and it
was sunny
don't apologize for it so we'll see you
guys tomorrow
and if you haven't seen our elf oh did
you see the cookies I should know I
shouldn't let you have one more Joey
grab one you can grab one just mine
hurry hurry this way if you guys haven't
seen our up on the Shelf videos make
sure you check those out I will put an
eye card across the screen and a link in
the description for you guys so thanks
for watching see you tomorrow
