excuse me mister that is not how you
wake or tell mommy that you're awake
no screaming Lincoln no screaming that's
naughty
no screaming like he's not even looking
at me it's like he knows hey no
screaming hey oh no screaming oops
naughty me yeah naughty you say good
morning mom at this good morning ha ha
ha ha who you thinking feel bacon see
you're happy it's not like you're in
you're crying he just does it
who is that
she-hulk just the Hulk
yeah Howie's good morning you guys
something that I have always done which
I never mastered which I know most of
you guys hate is putting my kids on the
counter
but hey no screaming I've done this Cody
Olivia Boston and now little Lincoln
he's sitting there with a tree and I
stand right here in front so he's not
going to come piling off I'm gonna stand
here and I'm making some cookies
and this is the dough that I had
yesterday we're gonna make a few cookies
she would do that and you're gonna help
me trying to help me hmm you know roll
that ball around in the sugar and when
you're done rolling it in the sugar can
you hand it to me okay it'll make these
funds good job there's a cookie you roll
it around in the sugar yeah no you can't
eat these yet hold on okay so roll it
around in the sugar all the way look all
the way under this side too just like
that okay now you roll the one you made
in the sugar we'll put this right here
there we go
you want to put it on there okay you
know you can't just play the sugar okay
I'll roll this little ball I'll drop it
in here for you
rolling around in the sugar okay so he's
not helping as much as he would
you're just here for the sugar aren't
you oh good sure let me see the one you
did boston wait oh I'm gonna leave it
just like that
and when it comes out of the oven you
can eat the one you made is that some
fun okay make another one boy as a
handsome-looking cookie I put a link to
this cookie recipe in yesterday's video
if you guys want this recipe my
suggestion to you is when you have these
cookies on your cookie sheet I let them
cool for just a couple of minutes and
then I let it finish cooling on here if
you were to pull this apart and eat it
it's like super gushy like mushy right
now you think that they're not done but
you got to wait for the cookie to cool
off and then it's perfect I put it in my
oven for nine minutes not one second
longer and they're perfect perfect and I
just feel like I don't want to take
these look kilo by dim cookies don't
those look like Boston cookies like his
fat cheeks little round bottom I don't
know those look like Boston cookies I'm
so proud of him for helping so the last
time I picked up the camera was like two
three hours ago
WAIS - don't touch don't touch I went
downstairs we hung out did homework and
now I'm back in the kitchen I am making
just very simple dinner I'm just gonna
put a boil yeah I'm just gonna boil up
some vegetables and I have some like
wild rice cooking we're just gonna have
veggies over wild rice pot pie stand
clear
come here come here I was gonna ask you
a question pull up a stool okay hold on
hold on up I've had him in the kitchen
with me while I've been cooking and
while I finished cutting up my
vegetables I was sitting there thinking
I've been working a lot on hon burger
with Olivia and Cody and you know what I
haven't asked you what I want to know do
you know how I want you to count like
one two
four five six seven eight ten I want you
to count as high as you can for me can
you do that start with one
talk loud so I can hear you though can
you count for me a minute open a minute
okay hurry needs a carrot in your mouth
I want you to count for me that's time
with me that was pretty good
you did good who says that who says that
I'm Kate because I'm Kate you did good
okay now I want you to count one two
three and count for me need Boston Wade
can't pay no do one one two three four
five six seven eight
what's your denying you did better than
I thought you were going to you must be
like paying attention to your brother or
something you did so good you're like a
little baby genius get out of there get
out of there
yes oh don't spit in your ball
okay can you blow on it
yes
Oh get your that okay can you blow on it
yeah Wow you are being such a good
helper okay get your face down
yeah can you say hot hot do ya playing
outside look at them playing outside
with a box talk about fun
we are there outside playing with the
box oh my gosh I think Cody was in that
box oh my gosh Cody was in that box oh
that is too funny
oh oh okay can you blow on it Wow okay
you can have a bite num-num-num
can you say Si milk can you say milk
yeah good job can you say more um num
num num num say more yeah it's good job
here you go there you go sounds like the
kids are fighting and screaming out here
but I think they're laughing
yes they are laughing okay good
wait a minute
put the Hulk hair on the heater vent
that's the game we're playing home hair
on Butte vent
yeah hole care your guys's dinners all
the way ready comes today it comes to
down everybody
the very last thing I do every single
night is dry my sink I know this might
seem like a silly thing but all day long
it has water spots in it dishes in it
and before I go to bed night I like to
dry my sink and then my towel is wet so
I can like polish up the front part of
it so I go to bag with my sink clean
that is a very important thing to me I
know it might seem scary to someone else
but that is just what I like to do kids
are crazy kids are wild and so when they
finally fall asleep it's like okay kids
are asleep and my kitchen doesn't look
too bad so I don't know there's that for
you is that random is not totally weird
that I'm showing you that I don't know
and I cannot pretend to take credit for
these tips these are all from Grandma
Griffiths all can Grandma Griffis okay
everyone's in here laughing at Lincoln
good look um if you guys are wondering
my why my kids are just like perfectly
lined up right here is because I was
trying to get this done they were kind
of kind of helping me and I had
just get real down in me because they're
absolutely going nuts you can see
they're just kind of hyper in there the
reason that I wanted you guys to come in
here is because I want to make a list I
have a huge to-do list things that I
need to do the month of December before
the end of the year out of it
Lincoln just fell out of the chair I've
had to stop the cameras just then like a
bajillion times so you guys can hear
what I'm saying um I have a list that's
very large but I want to have a fun
to-do list the first thing that I'm
gonna put on the list is going to the
movies I want to take you guys to the
movies
well no sometime between now and stop
picking your nose there's some time
between right now and when you guys have
to go back to school for the beginning
of the year so I want to go to the
movies I want to make cookies on
Christmas Eve the other thing we need to
buy a toy sibling gifts for each other
sibling gifts how do you guys guys under
the tree I feel that prom after Alinea
that's right
you're pretty proud of that aren't you I
know that I had a million things to put
on this list and now the kids are being
crazy and I can't even think of anything
I can't think of a but this is a good
start oh I remembered one I want to go
see Santa oh well I don't know exactly
now but I think we could go find him
sometime colleges I think I think
grandpa howleen wants to take cast to go
see him you can do breakfast with Santa
and I think that's what we're gonna go
do well hello Lincoln Roy okay that's
the last thing I'm gonna put on the list
is to go see Santa oh I want to buy some
hickory first you guys love a great fire
can you guys please say good night to
everybody we're going to close our vlog
and we're going to work it go I'm think
I need to like mix up when I close the
vlog because every time we close the
vlog the kids are usually like crazy and
anyway so okay thank you guys for
watching
sometimes I wonder why you do and we'll
see you guys in the next video bye guys
