it's been long hard season I'm feeling
weary to my bones I guess that's my
reason I'm packed my bags in
this is nice dipper good Lincoln's okay
kids had a few days off of school so we
decided to bring them to Park City Park
City originally was a mining town now
it's a ski town and it's also the home
of the Sundance Film Festival fun fact
my first ski pass was the Park City
Mountain right here and I only paid $100
for a $1500 pass we're a little
ill-dressed yet he's fun a few years ago
my two favorite ski resorts merged Park
City and the canyons now it's the
largest ski resort in the United States
and it's amazing
there
we brought the kiss the Gorgos a park
that way we could all participate I'm
not a skier Lincoln sounds clear and so
coming here everyone will be able to
participate in the snow activity
is
you don't walk through the nose with the
tube Oh baby boy this always like yeah
the groovy star
Olivia Cody if you guys want to go on
those together by yourselves you can
what's the number one rule stick
together
this right is called the baby spa you
can see Cody is feeling very relaxed
every time you go over the hill it's a
rush of energy you look up to the sky
get a dose of vitamin D the slow dizzy
makes you feel like you're on a natural
high high on life
so being a parent's all about especially
after last night worse nicely is
actually it was like sweet cuz it never
happens and we never do that but same
kind of like there's a reason we don't
do this yeah Lincoln slept in between us
last night it started out with Lincoln
in front of the fireplace so Joe and I
laid on each side of Lincoln and we
watched our little baby fall asleep
looked at each other in the light of the
fireplace it was like the most romantic
thing we've ever done
and he woke up in the middle of the
night to keep track of him we put him in
between us and it was it was awesome and
awful all at the same time
did you feel desperate lincoln.the
pretty awesome Lincoln you're too little
you can't write but that was so nice of
him to Park this for you to sit and
watch the kids on
in taxes
where do you think that was good
was it worth it did you have fun what's
your guy's heart was when they made the
castles for the little kid Oh boys your
favorite part Boston it wasn't getting
hit in the nose but the tube so my worst
part but I like that nobody yell yeah or
me so first thing let's go in and find a
potty we're coming in to go potty and to
find a drink and a snack for the drive
home Cody found the bathrooms well we
made it a two-hour drive home I'm
surprised that we haven't gone down to
Park City more often where it's only two
hours away but we never go there anyway
we made it home and we are doing the
aftermath we're doing the cleanup
portion we're gonna close the vlog here
thank you guys so much for watching if
you enjoyed this video give it a thumbs
up if you are new to our Channel please
subscribe it is free and we'll see you
guys later
bye guys PS I know my face got sunburned
a - or sunblock we all were stop
blocking the only one sunburn even Andy
him a band-aid awesome well played pass
that jerk oh he's going a hipster
