a girl and a boy Oh what do you think
they're making I think they're cooking
because that's like day-old milk and day
old stuff oh yeah it'll I get famine
look inside oh hi red
don't move oh ha oh my word you guys are
getting too close to these guys yeah can
you keep you make her come every day now
now that ya seen her and that's so cool
we've never had to else here since last
what can you do all this thing what kid
can you hire and she's on somewhere and
let me couldn't find Lila and I can
fight you read I like that she wears
that snowflake thing her apron oh she's
in the kitchen
Olivia oh she's cooking away at this
stove look trying to make some Christmas
cookies food cookies maybe I don't know
cookies B that is an apron I love kiss
her you don't want to kiss her
does it girl one day I told you we
needed I'm Cindy right no quietly no her
name is violet oh yeah violet and we
need her violet and well now that we
have to what are you kids thinking of
naming her I was thinking we should do a
Cindy Cindy Sunday Lulu
nothing gala who know Cindy Lucy I think
that might be a little long maybe you
could call her some new Lucy
that buddy what whoopsie snack mom hot
chocolate and chill that's it yes right
sure did what do you want to name her
stay here
oh great honk wait Oh Oh quick is it
cold wait
holy well Mama's gonna void that one
okay
yeah vetoed this is red this is red this
is red mean this is no they look like
just friends to me
I think I'd be married to his master Oh
what did they get mixed up because if we
call her red and him red how are we
supposed to know because she has
earrings and pretty hair and lipstick
and he does not hey so you know xnj well
we'll have to decide on their name today
won't we hmm okay let's get some
breakfast
