he was hitting he had where is it
Batman yes Batman and Batman was
pounding this poor tiger over here how
sad is that see the tiger dead the tiger
is dead because of yo Lincoln hmm I know
no you wouldn't
he's happy right now those screams give
me just the chill oh yeah I feel like
it's Boston all over again Boston was a
screamer Cody was slightly a screamer
Olivia never screamed hmm we gotta get
another bite ready hold his facial
expressions have been killing me lately
he's pretty eccentric about it like hey
okay what's his tongue well I can see I
can't see healthy oh my word that looks
so great cause dad help me do that hat
and I can do and I'm somewhat of a
clothing expert oh I believe that shrill
means that he's ready for another bite
did you see it's done yes like I don't
even know how he does it
yeah like the way he every time you get
the bike he turns around suspect yes yes
you can't color his paper and color a
paper for you he can't call her his
paper hey hey hold up okay okay okay
okay
yes let's find something for you to cut
if you can ask like a nice boy I know he
just keeps laying there seems like a lot
of work for a little hair can you ask
like a nice boy go on back sure you will
not
for this because you I used to have to
edit out Boston's screaming like a
madwoman so many clips I just put in the
trash because Boston was screaming so
much on the back you get your lumber
time thank you
hey bottle do you want your bottle well
I know that's milk yeah that get your
reward
hey bottle I know that's no say milk you
were trooper we went to Sam's Club and
Kohl's and Deseret book and bed bats me
out laughing me yond there was such a
trooper you were a better trooper than
me I was like are we done yet - oh my
goodness one to do diggin know that
meaning their accession have done that
with a bottle in his hand he loves I
made this blanket for Olivia this is the
second one I made her Micah is heavy
it's a heavy one I think he likes it he
loves red there right his face look you
want to have that in your hand
I bet he won't move there you go I love
you bye bye you see him kissing me cheap
puckering up and kissing me yes yes as
the days you hate me in the camera man
I'm not but I'm always the camera man I
am always the camera are the camera
always get cute stuff cuz you don't I
don't look as cute doing this as body
does so correctly have to be the camera
man
whatever alright nap time for us and let
me tell them there is one last cookie we
made these cookies yesterday like I was
telling you I will put the link to them
in the description because they are so
yummy even my sister called was like
forever before cooking them like oh yeah
what was that Cookie Monster Oh mommy up
Oh doing homework around here can get
very 10 I don't think I could ever be a
good teacher because I get too
frustrated like going and doing Hannah
with Olivia is the hardest thing for me
I get so frustrated I don't know how
teachers can be so patient I they're
just blessed to do that some people have
a better chance than those different
talents and others not better um doing
letters with Kody almost was the death
of us today wasn't it but I think we
should do something really fun we've
been doing lots of homework lots of work
the kids got my chores done me and dad
have been working around the house it's
because of a busy day and we just
haven't really blog very much of it so I
think we should do something really fun
no um I did have naptime as well me and
by staying did we take a nap together
that was so nice wasn't it we turned out
that what's it called the flying snowman
flight of the snowman and I said okay
close your eyes and listen to the music
and he totally feels like it work little
Matt look at that I know and look did
you see that okay I don't know elf the
new Hulk bent a fork around him a hexa
oh yeah and that's nice
our Hulk is nice now cuz he's red he did
have a sucker but someone watch you know
what what I feel like peekaboo yeah ha
it's not like he made up
and hmm maybe he'll leave it for yet
you want to be with the kids okay hold
on you guys sit down you got it sit down
okay hold on hold on okay reach into the
ball pick just one can you pick just one
you picked a sweaty Lincoln you want we
won't take the ball to you have already
is that who you have so you have
Olivia's name I'm cutting you up Kody's
named Lincoln who do you have Lincoln
has Boston do you have I love the nest
Lincoln me I'm here Boston yes and
Boston has Lincoln and it says Merry
Christmas apparently I think it's
appointed you ended up with each other I
know that's kind of but so did you guys
want me to tell you what that means
we're gonna go to the store and we're
gonna buy whoever's name we drew a
Christmas present
oh and we're gonna wrap them and we're
gonna put them under the Christmas tree
Wow and on Christmas Eve we're gonna
open them but you can't tell each other
what you do you want to buy Lincoln
you're Zachary has do you want to buy
Lincoln a Christmas present
oh yes Oh Lincoln don't scream don't
scream no he wants to get yep and you
know what you each gonna pick it out so
whatever you want to buy Kody you get to
buy them and whatever you want to buy
Olivia you get a buyer I know
you see this bag right here every year
but their dad and I were first married
we have half a bag and we have kept our
change in it yeah let's not pretend that
this peaceful music is that it means
it's always peaceful this is give me a
little rap okay this is going to be they
like 1,500 time I've tried telling the
story I'm you doing really fast so the
kids will pass through it when John I
first got married Christmastime would
roll around we'd buy each other presents
but then it was like oh we got about
right this is the last time I'm gonna
try telling this story and if I can't
get it out it's not going to be told
subtle when dad and I were first married
through the entire year we would just
keep our change in a baggie and at the
end of the year we would buy Christmas
for each other and then it was like we'd
buy Christmas presents for our parents
and then we'd be like out of money and
it was time to buy our siblings names
that we drew for Christmas and so we
would always take that bag and we would
cash it in and we would buy our siblings
prisons with it this year we think you
kids need a little more help than we do
I guess
buying sibling presents cuz you guys
don't have any money my hand use my
binky because you know how much - yeah
but what are we saving our piggy bank
money for a dog or Disneyland we'll see
okay so this year we're going to take
you kids into town and we're going to
cash in our bag of money that we've been
saving and it's a big bag of money
bucket
you ate all that put you pretend I did
pay you put that video in the iCard
right so we'll do that soon we'll do
that soon won't we yes okay
happy now oh you stink do you see him
can you give me kisses come on with this
yeah you're a stinker you screamed so so
so much he's being a lot like there's
nothing even wrong look he's mad at like
Boston for doing nothing did you hear my
voice I'm like lost he used to be the
exact same I'm not describing nothing
would be wrong to do math you did I yes
I did okay alright we are gonna call it
a night tonight I'm gonna take you to
piano lessons Missy in your jammies um
tell me these aren't the cutest jammies
Joel and I may or may not have the same
ones same one onesie the same onesie so
we're gonna call tonight thank you guys
so much for watching
yes I see him on there yes kay guys are
gonna call it a night
thank you guys so much for watching and
we'll see you guys in tomorrow's video
don't forget to check out our help
videos I like that we're keeping them
separate don't you oh yes that way
people don't get to see the elf all the
time they don't have to it's so pretty
and people want to see the elf ones you
don't have to watch an entire blog
they're just the separate ones oh yeah
like three yeah oh okay we'll see what
our elf does tomorrow I will see you
guys tomorrow as well bye guys
