are you just hanging out with Daddy look
at him sit there oh my gosh
how long has he been sitting there few
minutes oh my goodness sakes
good morning Lincoln come morning it
looks so good
yep yeah that's uh that's hot hey hey
those moms go pillows yeah why
good I can't please come downstairs okay
okay okay okay okay click move little me
to give up your hand to hold on what if
I fall down the stairs guys okay thank
you look that is pretty crazy like you
know this is hope um is there any for
Olivia there's some steers who brought
the food for elf today I did you did
chocolate orange that means let's see
what else
yes well that is pretty crazy if you
guys want to see our Elf on the Shelf
video we'll put it in an I card on the
top of the screen for you guys to see I
got you hi bud what are you doing
oh hi you weigh PI maybe by careful
you're gonna hit your head on that thing
yeah
whatever you found uh-huh yeah you're so
sweet I kissed up staring at you bud I
am trying to pick up the house and get
things cleaned up for the day
and get some dishes done and clean out
the fridge because bonnie is not feeling
very good today she is just not feeling
good she is relaxing with Boston and
that's what I want her to be doing so I
am trying to get some of the mom things
done for the day
for her because she's too dang cute to
not help out and Boston or Lincoln has
been doing a great job of making a mess
here let's see if we can all play along
with us thank you see those right there
he knows
why did you find hey what did you find I
don't don't tell me do tell me can you
show me your answers sighs hey his eyes
okay I'll put Olivia is so sweet she's
already seen what Reds doing and she's
just pretending the Chabot oh she's
pretending so that Boston will be happy
she wants to she wants to show her
Olivia you're a sweetheart
can you close your eyes close your eyes
his eyes are closed what were you
telling me Missy huh about your nails
and fight okay good job to him I was I
was I was thinking about it hey you
thought about it and then you made the
right choice and didn't do it I don't
know we have been let me see your nose
we have been battling Olivia picking her
nails for a long little while and she
didn't realize she was doing it and then
she got to the point where she would do
it and know she was doing it but she
would keep doing it anyway and then she
got to the point where she was doing it
and then she'd realize and when she
would stop and now you're kind of
getting to a point where you just don't
even do it huh hi Sophie guess what
we're gonna do we're gonna make cookies
oh can we do light and chocolate
together nope I'm going to tell you what
tongues we're gonna do big soft molasses
ones molasses the milk like butter in
your mouth yep don't worry I got him I
got him
it's nap time for you you're gonna take
a nap and we're gonna make the keys
these are my favourite days I'm in the
kitchen making some soup and I swear
it's either going to be potato or
broccoli any or potato and broccoli soup
I like the same things over and over I
really need to like find new recipes but
sometimes it's just the easiest one like
I don't know what to make but I have
everything for this and so anyway I'm
kind of making the same old same old but
I've got the kids sitting here at the
table doing their homework we're playing
are you doing oh you need something
under you can you please put something
to you like this you can just close that
up and put that underneath you how about
that
yes thank you very much you know this is
what Dad does me oh ah this is how I
know my right letters he kind of color
cook them for you yeah color codes
everything and makes was simpler I got
to tell about my team Cabrillo Liam
loves this little kangaroo miss she has
Kangas we call her fingers earlier I
heard coding Olivia this conversation I
want him to tell it again Olivia has
this awesome little ball thing and you
totally want to play with it and what
did you offer Olivia in exchange for her
dad she can use my paw your shirt any
time and my massage principal anytime
too but she won't let me borrow oh that
was the key thing he's like let me play
with Olli all i use my moustache pencil
my eraser and it was just so key like it
was like total flashbacks of like
okay coach you just do your homework
okay honey oh oh that's a hard one your
job you go oh hey very good hey personal
you do that's neat you crazy
okay Pete never look at how they're
sitting at my table
you guys have like the exact same stance
the exact same little butt oh my gosh
the kids have been taking so many
pictures with I'm I'm showing them
the camera like I wanna take a picture
me vlogging careful then I hear you
thank you okay anyway I finally finished
making my soup the same soup that I
always make it smells really good and
now I'm making cookies man thank you
how'd you like a bad date along act like
you're serious you're serious
oh that was me I think it's gonna come
out really nice yep take a look at it
bitches we got lined up not look at the
picture that was one I think it's gonna
come out really nice hey he posed after
no don't take another okay are you guys
ready for me to record oh okay okay
that's the last one that's the last one
seriously oh my gosh do you know how
much money in film they just went
through
yeah okay no more put my camera away
please the kids it wasted a lot of film
today and I think the person I'm most
mad about it bought is red that's right
this is Reds fault isn't it it's our
fault cause you look old
yeah we've had that camera for six
months now the kids really don't play
with it it's been left alone it's been
nice my room
I know but they've never like really
gotten into it as much and red gets it
out and all x-ray please
we've got dinner ready and my first
batch of cookies are in the oven and I
cannot wait for the timer to go off - it
was a different ringtone
well it's good the time tested oh wait a
minute you can view this time that was
cook time oh so now you're I was gonna
stop heating yeah oh that's different
tone that's life huh
well that's different I was sitting here
waiting knows I had the camera ready
because I was gonna pointer to you and
expect you to dance for me Joel please I
have to be triggered let's try that
again Joel please
busy it's all I need money I get 100
bucks now that's good
moms remember I proculeius rocket jump
glass in my hand Vidya it came out and I
gave it I climbed up tisha would not
cease and I got a buddy Dylan
sorry and I looked and I remembered it
and again girl a magic huggy I'd say I'm
so uh that me guys so nice of him okay
get ready keep track for them one Sarah
Dunn who needs you you got to help
Lynette going on Oh does the best thing
I've ever seen on my life with this
alright well I don't think there's
anything that could talk about dancing
so we are forced to close the block
right now okay you guys we have plenty
of links in the description for random
different things so make sure you check
those links out and we'll see you guys
tomorrow if you're not subscribed go
ahead and hit that subscribe button
bye guys now this one I think it's gonna
come out really nice
