Olivia I love you came upstairs and more
short those for my favorite which
reminds me I don't think I ever put a
video up of her princess photoshoot
no I just realized that I have to tell
Olivia thank you I was very busy this
morning working and her and the kids
went in with Lincoln in his room for a
minute
like two seconds later Olivia she went
in with her gown on she came back out
with a little thing
bloomers on she had changed out and she
was goofy bomb and it was a mess to move
law but it was so cute little princess
go in just minutes minutes
this little mommy come out she is did
you take over and finish yeah okay hold
on hold on my eyelashes are on the floor
keep those safe okay hold on hold on I
got into space very high baby baby
everybody that he's been in here
splashing drinking all the water wait
yep about like okay okay I'm coming I'm
coming I'm coming
I they're close Boston you Kevin hey
close yeah all right all right right oh
my gosh there's two bells in here Megan
I don't know what you guys look see yeah
oh my gosh hey did he take our stockings
down how you I'm knocking I'm not just
saying this pledge out of a sock and
actually I was actually awake I woke up
in the middle of the night I guess not
I thought Oh Red Hat where did you see
it in your room no it wasn't my room but
it was like walking no last night no
right I saw his hat his hat it was you
know my basket mm-hmm I can only see by
his hat and he was like he was literally
walking in your room here where was he
walking he was walking to the boy's room
remember the boy's room has underwear oh
he got coated did you see him in your
room I did you hear him in your life I
hate me ah ah and what did you say to
him did you say you heard him in your
room what did you hear like pretty is
dead Oh upstairs busted ah Boston waiter
why'd you do that that's naughty but
don't you know that women need their
beauty sleep look at these beautiful
women they needed their sleep dance
buddy okay dance dance it is a beautiful
Saturday morning the clouds are kind of
starting to settle in I'm seeing little
snowflakes here and there but I just
spent my morning like any normal person
does I was mowing my lawn in December my
neighbor started mowing his lawn and I
thought I've got leaves I really want to
get picked up so I'm just gonna do I'm
gonna do it right now before the storm
sets in and get more snow so that's what
I've been doing this morning but bonnie
has been spending the morning relaxing a
little Polar Express
hmm nice and warm in here it's more very
cold outside and it's even colder like
mowing the lawn holding the metal bars
freezing oh my word
I have to mow down the bishop's weed
every year and I mowed it down and
sometimes you never know what you're
gonna find in there and there was a
diaper in there one of the kids must
have thrown it down in there you were
standing at the window watching him like
I was holding Lincoln we were inside
singing and all of a sudden I we have a
huge noise and a diaper just exploded
and then like a minute later a tennis
ball you know was it tell yet tennis
ball came flying at the door we were all
just like yeah let's just left over to
brief in that stinking remodel oh well
we're done now I just got done yelling
at the kids because they won't get their
shoes on it okay we are on our way to
the little meetup that we're doing with
all of my siblings because we Oliver and
Boston and Lincoln are going to
Grandma's because I don't want to hang
that and I don't want to have to try and
keep track of them so they'll not be
coming around pretty well yeah I wanted
to say a special thank you to fusion
scooters no they're not sponsoring this
video but they are being so kind and so
generous they said to us I told them
that we were doing like a toy drive that
we're donating toys and they unsend
these two brand-new scooters and this
one is like all sorts of pimped out
skylights oh man yeah it's got like the
gold wheels they sent us a few of these
a couple weeks ago the kids have been
obsessed with them coding quit riding
his bike oh yeah oh yeah yeah
anyway they sent this blue and those are
pretty cool wheels aren't they so I'm
excited I hope whoever gets these will
be very happy with them I know they well
they're super fun so I will leave
ujin's link in the description below you
guys wanna check them up because they
are wonderful gift ideas some hey okay
let's go to this Meetup thank you fusion
I am so grateful that people brought
some of the things that they've been
bringing to donate this is what makes me
really happy we have a line going over
this way and we didn't want it to right
the line line that's just kinda what
naturally happens in videos which is
fine gosh yeah yeah see how do you like
mom who are these for you're gonna need
them and it is going well look at the
loot this is amazing people are so
willing to give
just helping a lot
this is just such a great problem look
look at this turnout look at this town
look at the lights
now I haven't is it good hot chocolate
it's hot good it's on now you're
probably wondering Joel how come you
haven't told the story yet class it's
time for story time when I was in junior
high starting at 8th grade I started
jogging every single night and it was
mostly because I was jogging too like I
don't know around girlfriends house is a
little weird maybe but anyway I used to
jog down this road all the time and this
was my favorite time of the year to jog
it because these lights we're amazing I
don't know why Royce did he puts these
lights on the map but they are amazing
so check out our entire lineup look at
this ludus look at all these people just
getting longer and it's colder every
minute ok ok ok wait a minute no I
walked I had to run an errand to walk
out to the car and when I walked out
there's like 10 cars out there with
little shadows and their parents who are
here with their kids letting them in
right so how many parents are here in
cars any of your parents no yours ok
those are those are nice parents to
bring them to me
how's yours where's Ruby is showing
everybody what she brought you get them
from those she brought socks and
underwear and hats for ya my mom's over
here crying for every age there we're
taking I wish I had a shot of what
everybody brought because there was so
much like I don't know if they even
expected this much stuff so I know my
heart is very full I loved meeting all
of you there were so many of you guys
man it was so I loved every one of you
like when I was hugging you I'm like I L
it was just it was really awesome you
guys we are all like Rosen and we're
just the firefighters are all help and
bring stuff and she's my new friend
she's like yeah she knows your name
that's awesome I want to show the light
so our line was like right under that
gazebo cut to that gazebo and we just
walked the line and that's beautiful
this was amazing I am so glad that we
did this I'm so good
my handsome dad so if anyone got their
picture taken by my dad there's like 10
selfies of his face pretending not to
know how to use the camera you know
maker what are you guys looking at back
here where's it time is that the boy I
was like was that the pole it's the ball
no but I've never come in here for
element or for a field trip
really this just seemed like it for mine
it does it looks like those four miles
these guys have been really great to us
here yeah tell them that they they need
to check all the photos from the Meetup
no I did I told her there might be a few
more I expected I might know another one
face you're getting sweet in tomorrow's
this no or just that we're here at ABC
Zara like family's favorite dinner and I
just want to tell I don't know did
everyone have fun like I felt like the
night was very very successful I loved
it I thought it was wonderful we all
loved meeting you guys and I wanted to
close the vlog before all the food came
out what one thing yes where did I say
we were gonna go for dinner before we
even got it ABC's you knew we were
coming to a nice easy these are the
lucky 50 yes yes these are the lucky
kids that got to be hurt that was fun
thank you guys so much and we'll see you
guys later bye guys must be my favorite
thing ever
Hey look look watch him caption because
babies you want huh what is handle okay
huh
look at this - okay you enjoy I love
when he puts his hand on my face and
like shoves my face to him okay do you
want one more do it soon okay okay okay
okay are you gum joint job no you minded
you're weird
look at this face hey how can you have
foundation on your lips let go let go
let go
I love you
now I'll feed you now I'll feed you big
bully Shh that's right that's right I'll
let you can you say more say more
