on a red - oh he's sucking his nose how
come he's wearing all your underwear huh
got all your underwear here I'd say you
don't get my green under there go
downstairs probably had too many
skitty's in it what are you gonna wear
today you did which underwear is he
sitting in which ones that one code
Batman
which one plug-in is name which ones
that one who's that yep I don't know I
don't know anybody who's this her flash
flash what are you gonna give him
something else I don't know but the name
is around it delivery things get to go
right well let's let's don't let's don't
open the banana yeah arrow do you think
it'll be brown before he can eat it
tonight okay this not do banana this is
Eddy you're something else okay Oh bud
don't that on there
well maybe red I'll fix him tonight when
he goes I bet he'll fix him
can you ask him to fix him second take
it he said yes okay what do you find it
sweetheart
oh no peppermint bark that's the best
let's go take that over to him
okay one more thing no don't die tonight
Oh gotcha
what if it falls you just die I'd be so
sad you got now well Brad that's nice
okay
bread and some peppermint bark and we're
all that's good Roger last night that's
why were you aware no it's not you're
wearing underwear let's see
this time came huh you didn't I didn't
even touch it
do you hey turn the Sun on in the
morning you don't do that no more okay
that's why you kids keep getting up so
early he's our culprit right there
