The Hungry Hippos are eating it right
what's that this is something dough that
you use it and you know what
no guys I I guessed
this is the new one did some surgery
here good treat oh okay okay kidding I
can't get hurt I can't you can't a trip
oh I think Olivia's got it because he's
got it
China a time squeeze hard I bet you got
him hard okay where I had to put him put
him right here in the corner so we can
still see you so good I told you not to
do anything that would hurt you okay
happy right yeah W
PT e be alright how proud are right our
help
did I just say we helped read good
that's hope meaning today but that's
what sama means to hi Dan help
Boston knew that would mine we helped
you read I read okay go put that up I am
yeah no maybe later
Edna what do you want to feed him oh
look as you love them hello okay let's
get him one of those each organ each
cracker yeah this is for water yeah Mon
lemon cuz we can't use anywhere thank
you by himself
you gave him a by himself oh good he's
gonna be so full now dad while they
sleep I'm good well yeah you guys woke
up really early every warden being so
hard I couldn't really speak that much
don't take that over to me just put a
rabbit oh yeah hey
he okay that's good right there
no it's good your milk and honey but
it's not bad for you told we get we
thought about we did get him safe huh
almost Hungry Hungry Hippos
