how come you're singing it excited huh
cuz I asked elf can you please come on
everybody's faces no no well um I think
you are so cute sitting in here singing
because I think you are just too excited
I wonder what he's gonna do tomorrow
are you like I'm Billy early and have
you guys okay you guys are making me
really nervous
you being so close why you scoot back
scoot back scoot back scoot back all the
way all the way look I don't want you
coming past this stay in front of the
table runner yes well darn it can you
guys believe our elf came yeah Emma
we're so happy you're here with us are
you happy to be here
and you are too um you said it's like he
knows there's excitement going on if you
guys want to check out our first elf
video of this season we'll put the link
in the banner across the screen so you
can click on that and watch it we'll
also put it in the description for you
guys because it's pretty stinkin cute oh
my goodness
six you guys look so beautiful Emma are
you kind of sad that Olivia had to go to
school I know but you guys are having
fun I check wedges first came here when
when Santa hahaha
ran when Santa red wins
Santa yeah
has the bigger flood but read a little
yeah can you believe that look at your
happy face I'm trying to hurry and get
ready to go to the dentist okay
no lie I think that today was the best
reaction the kids have ever had to read
and I think you'll be surprised at who
is the most excited how are you guys
looking at yourself in the mirror I know
you cute kids and not all babies happy
babies happy Emma we are so glad you got
to stay with us I like masks what we'll
have to go find yeah yeah yeah yeah
sorry ah shoot see yeah I blunder
Christmas is a Halloween is it Christmas
is it Halloween is it Christmas is a
Halloween Christmas well look what you
showed up
I got Porter sitting on my bathroom
counter are you gonna help me do my hair
you can help me try and maintain the
Beast
yeah that's Lincoln's doggy you complain
with that can I have one all you kissing
them you're kissing a wrench oh yes can
you give me one kiss I kiss you Elian
jr. hair and of course I'm my sister's
coming like gosh they're not actually
everything my closet yeah he could be up
here oh no no he's totally fine and I
got this luggage in the mail I wish I
had it for Thanksgiving but I just got
it it's from Raiden when Joe and I went
to New York I was up in the airport and
I was like Joel we are finding some
luggage
I know shut up shut up shut up but when
you here but here okay I saw the pink
it's a hard shell case because a lot of
times I have makeup and stuff and I'm
like oh my gosh okay you're gonna die I
just want to tell you guys really quick
it has a built-in scale it has a
built-in function juror shot yes you
have to charge it it's a smart yeah okay
how does this work oh you guys look I
can't even like oh I can't even
unzip it without putting a code in
what's the code okay well there's that
this is not not the sweetest luggage
you've ever seen they comes in a million
different colors oh look that's where
you charge your phone and stuff how
painful is that I want that to come
around the conveyor belt am you'd be
like pick it up there's a smaller inside
and you go show you when I figure out
are you guys having fun in here where do
you think of those lights
who's that kind of fun okay we'll see
where you sleep I don't know what your
plans are usually gonna hide it too so
you can turn it old get know me don't
you mr. Winky just okay you hear that no
monkey blanket here sweet Wasden okay
watch out for Porter did you just say
Cooper Clarke Porter can you give him
kisses Porter give him kisses
Porter has been like finding Lincoln
wherever he goes and tries kissing him
it is so sucky oh they are smoke ute jaw
was absolutely kind enough to watch the
kids while me he's out there somewhere
bye honey I love yo and Joel's kind
enough to let us go get a pedicure with
Julie it's like I know it's a little
stressful on him when my sister comes in
tongues I'm like please go to some other
but is she told yes Thank You Joel and I
told Joel I will make it up to you I
swear girls are gone and I have been
left in charge of the Drewes and the
whole lanes and everybody is having a
pretty good time playing around Porter
and Lincoln keep fighting over the truck
can you toss it in there again you sit
in the truck again hope sit there sit
there sit there oh there you go
that's nice no you cannot I've got
everybody pinned in with the gate Cooper
has been a good little boy the entire
time
hot Cooper you've been a good boy boom
boom
Porter's like oh my gosh trying to get
in joined get in I'm get in come in to
see if you'll get dizzy are you dizzy
when I stop it I'm gonna stop it just
like this and then you're gonna run over
there okay can you do that okay when I
say stop okay
my kids get dizzy really easy we'll see
if the Daru crew can handle some turns
let's go ready 1 2 3 4 5 6 8 9 okay
run Cooper French no no no no no no no
run run run run no no no hey pretty good
okay your trick house me dad's gonna
spin him cuz dad's got spin him fast
okay are you ready you got to go a lot
more you're not you're not gonna get
dizzy in a porter gonna give you fine
you go pretty four five six okay okay
run run run oh good you don't get dizzy
okay
this boston's turn hop out Cooper and
his boston's turn okay here Porter let's
see if Porter I'll go okay
run he he is very dizzy oh my word he is
come sit over here
okay next turn next to me you don't know
what next turn is do you you don't you
just a little guy okay you you help me
what with Porter real quick okay we're
gonna spin it okay hop out of way but
Jules gonna spin it fast
these boys needed to be fast they're too
good yeah Oh guys gonna get hit oh my
words is just scary let's go to the
basketball hoop run run run run run run
run bren-bren ran Yeah right
hey boss is about doing too bad can you
run to the best ball oh no you got him
in your hand faster right there
not too fast
okay not too fast my kids like this are
you guys busy yet I bet I would be if I
was watching this I get motion sickness
on anything okay go run run run run man
Lincoln is very dizzy Lincoln's hey do
not like how you feeling
oh okay daddy's gotcha
you ready
that's right nice Lisa throw us off
after cuz we talked about that where we
came over we said we're gonna get really
nice to Ellie's new pretty home to
everybody we all talked about that today
hey that's a nice pass no no you're
gonna whack it on your foot down
I don't anybody will get that reference
but if you do you know why you're crying
and upset because you're my daughter
Olivia is very overwhelmed with all the
kids touching your toys but why because
they just like don't do things the way
we do it they're not like I don't know
yeah I know exactly how you feel I'm not
the best host sometimes because I get
really like oh don't touch my things and
I'm good I don't know I I'm an anal
person and it's some it's sometimes to a
fault and Olivia I have created a little
child and so it's really hard for her
she likes have people in her room and
like touch her things and things like
that but where she can take a deep
breath what was it like Lawson like my
mom my Emma Emma's great yeah
you are actually okay let's take a deep
in here let's take a deep breath
together huh goodnight you little sweet
boy I hope you go to bed like a good boy
I was gonna say madam my mom would say
good night I love you goodbye oh look at
him being bashful
you waited bye-bye well I promise you're
gonna go straight to bed
promise promise okay now if Dad hears
those he's gonna come in and take them
away so I suggest you don't mess with
them just go right to make any noise any
other way to do this one you like
Hey I know does it end sometimes when
you push that and lift up its tail it
can make it okay I suggest yes that's
the perfect place for it I suggest you
go straight to sleep
okay now if Dad hears that he's gonna
come in tickets Oh put it away okay can
you boys say good night yeah and I love
you love your guts
and you like them in okay we have the
girl's clothes laid out and the room is
all picked up and clean and Olivia's
reading Emma a little bit before bedtime
hi Emma and then you'll go right to
sleep right yeah that way we have lots
of energy to play tomorrow okay tell Dad
to keep that on yes cuz I can't yep I
will make sure to leave it on tonight
okay no listen when can you come
upstairs when the Sun comes up me
penguin I'm Lila sure you'll record ray
okay when the Sun comes up you can come
upstairs
love you love you this is the most
crucial part of my day turning on the
Sun so goodbye Sun and when the Sun
comes up in the morning the kids can get
up I have that listed in my um like gift
ideas in the description below because
that's my I don't know I think every
parent needs one of those because
they're just amazing and they saved my
life yeah so Joel's a genius and I am
complete opposite of that thank you Joel
came home I was like I can no I was like
did this come with instructions I'm like
I could not figure out how to open it he
like pop the button open I'm like oh
look it has a be me I don't think I've
ever been more excited for luggage in my
life um yeah where should you where you
take me
um I would freak you what you guys we
are gonna call it a night I do want to
remind you of our meetup on Saturday is
Saturday the 3rd at the Roy fire
department
Roy utas Fire Department they have
lights there so you can come look at the
light mingle with me and all my siblings
and my parents we're all going to be
doing a joint meetup which i think is
really cool and we are going to be doing
a it's not necessarily a toy drive but
the fire department is accepting
donations
so anything old coat new coats and new
toys they are going to be helping
families at Christmastime families and
knees what is it your clothes really hey
your plus and an eye mask so we will be
going and we'll be bringing some toys
and some blankets and those kind of
things if you guys want to bring
anything to donate when you come feel
free you don't have to but feel free if
you want to and I hope to see you right
there let me know if you guys are coming
in the comments down below we're so
excited to have my sister Julie here
it's been a lot of fun we've been doing
lots of fun things and just hanging out
well you guys thanks so much for
watching and we'll see you guys in our
next video bye guys I guess
