good morning you guys were in Ellie's
fan and we're on the way down to meet
Julie we're going to ours this way to me
something like a play area I don't know
you'll see when we get there - I've
never been there anyway I really okay
I'm excited I had to tell Ellie though
really quick I was like you're gonna die
when you hear what my kids said this
morning you're excited to go ahead I was
getting ready and I was well I was
getting Olivia ready first I was combing
her hair and she said oh and love that
it's Christmastime visit me too she said
I can't wait to see Ellie in her
Christmas dress as she wore last year
she's always so pretty she was like
losing over Ellie's Christmas dress last
year which I love and I wish I had it's
the checkered skirt yeah that they climb
on yes but you wore Bowie
yeah all of it was just like wow I can't
wait to see her and then it that was
really sweet and then I was doing my
makeup and I called from Boston I said
Watson come sit on the counter so I can
do your hair and he came in and I was he
had to wait for me to finish doing what
I was doing and I have a palette
he said boo put the sparkly went on like
lol he goes Ellie would wear the sparkly
one I know I need to step up a game here
I so feel really think you're like in
love look man you got how we always
thought about our answer like all of our
aunts are like Amber Lee no it smells so
good yeah yeah see ya buddy you want a
shirt like Cooper Kate no Cooper you and
Boston are gonna be buddies do you hold
hands and stay together okay
I don't know where Emma up there those
two are
come on little Porter come on little
party you being so careful coming down
these stairs good job
well they're doing what they're told oh
my goodness
hi Olivia hi Emma
we're almost to the airplane you got one
more bridge look quartered Cooper did it
I know I know this isn't very fun for me
I feel like I'm very tired this is kind
of hard and he is such a little
scaredy-cat
oh um I can kind of see why though it is
a little bit hard you come in it is very
wobbly
oh it's very wobbly okay it's okay honey
come on look at mama hey come on you're
okay come on come on here you go you did
it look the airplane is right here you
didn't hopefully this thing is to cure
up here it's a little intense if I come
with you will you go
I can see why he's nervous we're very
high up
we're very high up but hey going in mr.
oh wow okay can you give me a big thumbs
up that is a very cool airplane Boston
give me a huge thumbs up you are too
cute okay this rope right here is going
to take us probably 10 15 minutes so
well this way has a slight and mommy
wants to go down the slide come on we
can do it we can do it come on Boston we
beat it you are tears on your face but
we made it you guys have watched the
Christmas story right okay it was a
little bit like crazy out there because
there's kids going every which direction
we come in this area and there's like
the hospital and you have what is this I
think this is the movie theater and up
at the house a magic shop Zions Bank can
you see the Zions Bank and then a music
plays I don't know and there's two
levels they all have a room in the
basement and then you go upstairs and
they all have a room upstairs this is
adorable
look it's a harp put your hand in there
and play the strings watch
kate comes to down bustin we're gonna
have a show you wanna go do it with them
or do you want to watch I assumed you
would want to watch okay that's what I
thought
Henry's doing the backstage stuff
well Boston he just asked me we could go
home and have quiet time and play with
our toys quietly Apple
and I say something to you about his
personality
looking scowl oh you are cute Boston
we have such a fun time over at the play
area and we all worked up such an
appetite and my favorite thing is that
Julie is wearing the Cubbies half a
shilling so she's wearing it I know this
is this is Julie's friend Johnny and
when she patchouli smelling at me when
she first got here she was telling us
how much she loves Julie and how much
Julia saved her life and I told her I'm
like well that's good because hold on my
co-chair interrupt that story for our
food yay what I was saying is we talked
Johnny we were grateful for her because
Julie had a friend Holly in Kansas City
so Julie maybe saved your life but we
felt really grateful because you
probably should cherish each other's
yeah you're watching them all year so
sweet she's so campy
except her is one of our own lunch was
so good and Olivia's all mom Boston's
asleep and he is like sleeping at this
hair watch this project because I can't
you know
no I took AI can't even reach a
babycakes
and if we look over to our left we have
Jackson Meachem and he's asleep - except
except look yes and of course Calvin is
there's the top of his head uh Kristen
funny boys just it's like oh he's just
cute you know who else I think is kill
you hey where are you going with my bag
you just drug that all over the place
that is not for you mister that is not
for you what is it
you better not - no no no that's mommy's
s okay oh you don't need to scream come
in my room first okay here on my hand
cuz my eyes are closed
can I eat the camera wine mama oh my
back making me corporate when I got it
like that way you don't bond yet ouch
Hollywood I lied you're on
okay tell her mind got open her eyes
daddy dad are you serious I can only for
a little bit you see these these are all
my life now and my dad said if you are
bad and I can hear an airplane within
alights you dad would take a woman and
and just saying no they're all over on
the other side cuz they're not big
enough and so see this black thing right
here you can't see that but he ran up
and died yeah let's see there's a button
for it
right yeah she see complete I can see ya
see ya I can turn it off and on so empty
batteries guy um we can put more battery
hood now do you guys have something to
show me in all of yours room can I feel
them yes okay close your eyes
hey Rolly do don't worry okay okay now
stop right there because I do not want
you to stumble okay because your room is
a really big mess I decorated it by
myself
you so daddy put this beautiful tree in
your room caimans has a pergola and I
was like a Hydra shot here right now why
do you think daddy did that for you kids
just kisses and I had no Christmas
things except I think that he was being
an extra awesome daddy again Olivia you
put those decorations on how did you
think to put your doll dresses on their
head yeah cuz you had nothing else and
you figured out what to do well I think
that is the perfect tree for a little
cutie like you three more three mark
well I had to put my hat on to show Joel
how cute my purchase left he is a good
sport today was such a nice day being
with my sisters being around family
really cheers me up and being with Jonny
was such a fun day um I Ellie and I were
talking in the car on the way home we
were just saying how really grateful we
are to have each other to have our
family I feel very fortunate especially
reading some of your guys's comments um
because I know not everybody has as good
of a family dynamic as we have and I
feel very fortunate to be best friends
with my sisters and to be good friends
with my parents and to have parents that
support us and what we do because I know
that that's not always common with every
family
and I know how fortunate I am and I
don't know it does come it doesn't come
easy it doesn't come perfectly we have
to work really hard at our relationships
and we work really hard at keeping our
mouth shut when things annoy us and to
open our mouths and things make us happy
so we really encourage each other and
when things aren't perfect or we're a
node at each other or we don't agree
with each other we try really hard to
respect each other and - I don't know
relationships don't come easy marriages
don't come easy and it just takes a lot
of work but I also know that we are very
fortunate as well so we're carting your
relationships and be just kind towards
each other so I love you guys so much
and we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
