happy Valentine's Day when you guys woke
up was there a bow on the cereal so
daddy got you a fun Valentine breakfast
this is a nice surprise
today's the Valentine Tea Party I love
that vase why do they have the best
basis that was your guys's Valentine's
present did you like them yes what time
did the kids wake up 5:30 to go work out
there was lights out downstairs well
they're like dad told us to go back to
bed I'm like when did you see dad
so you open and then you're gonna pour
all the stuff into a drink into water
and guess what you stir it and it'll be
it's my tattoos they can only get one
wait that's a bustin run code that's a
sticker that is your mother's hey okay
go take it to mama
I sure did
okay go take it to mom sure no don't
open it you got baby Skechers yeah that
I want Mike of course no mom's gonna
wait to open that one I knew you would
like it
and all I dollar had those like for the
first time ever I'm just like wow all a
dollar has Michael Flohr is awesome oh
I'm so like I feel like a new woman
my Valentine present to you is the
morning nap
fine not too much
across the line there no I'll scratch
your back you know all the right buttons
are you teaching a channel on a remote
what are you doing like snails it's kind
of said that you guys didn't do like
baby back scuttle I am this is your 30
punch it ain't won something what my
friend is your last day being here so
I'm asking what she gave me for
Valentine's Day so it says happy
Valentine's Day you have to tell me how
the Tea Party went mom I got my
girlfriend for the tea
you did so what does that mean yeah but
if you had your girlfriend what does
that mean at the Tea Party what did you
have to do for her cuz you were paired
up and you got paired up with your
girlfriend yeah so what did you have to
do it was different they had to get
noisy yeah oh so normally you would have
brought her a cookie that's lame Cody
was so excited to be able to serve
because they partner people up at the
tea party they teach them manners and
then the boys served the cookies to the
girls apparently it's a tattoo mustache
our amazing neighbor run or should
I can't blow it up because there's a
hole in it I can't blow it up yeah very
good
who's a hoax a happy Valentine's Day
Oh Oh is the hole gonna blow your
balloon up happy Valentine's Day would
never open it without you but once I
want the kids to see like how nice their
dad is to their mommy and that's how
your clothes retreat you're right and do
you know how hard it is to find those
nowadays they're getting harder to find
I'm sad
I've been giving Bonnie those type of
cards for decades now Hey and who
started it I started I got you the first
hand came out yesteryears yeah yeah just
pretty much the kids ones black and
white dear Bonnie
Griffith I love you more than you'll
ever know you make me the best man I can
be and I have every and I owe you
everything because of it thank you for
the best life I could ever dream but
thank you for waiting for me more than
once I love you how do I pass I love you
the same as I did the day we met the day
we got married and the day we have all
our beautiful kids look Jo Helene of the
body holding you I need you I got you
I'm keeping your love yeah a Valentine's
Day seriously that's all I need come on
come on let's be honest let's let's take
that back this
I'm trying so hard but I don't have to
what do you think about all the dollar
they did they had they had your size
your brand everything did you like this
no no we can't exchange them for the
black ones these are so cute and I'm
glad you picked them out because you're
more picky with the things that I always
wear so those are so cute don't you try
them on see if they fit you oh they feel
good on my feet bonnie has pretty ankles
and calves and feet and so it's like I
want to strut those jewel these are
adorable literally how is she that tall
that's insane Olivia you are almost a
dead shoulder okay this is the first
night that I do not have to even try to
get the kids to eat their dinner they
scarf it down not because mom spaghetti
is the best mom spaghetti where did you
learn how to do that
the end of the road for you Valentine
okay the other night last night we're
having our pillow talk and we were
talking about our past Valentine's and I
thought that would be really cute to
like talk about on the vlog and I told
him I said we needed a new battery
I agree okay go grab my favorite
Valentine is when Joel was working
graves and we were at home and we got a
package in the mail and me and Olivia
and Cody and maybe Boston's nothing
Boston and we just like it just made me
feel so good I knew I wasn't gonna be
home so I sent them a package in the
mail which is clutch every time it was
who doesn't like giving mail fresh
battery what was your favorite Valentine
I think my favorite Valentine's is when
just before my mission I came up to my
brother's house and spent the night got
up that morning and got cleaned up to go
to the temple and it was closed for
maintenance dang it and come to find out
it's closed every year that time so so
instead I went shopping and bought
Bonnie something and bought me some new
pants and shoes and Bonnie took me on a
date - mm-hmm and I got you a bunch of
ties beer which I still have I forgot to
say why we were doing in this in front
of the fireplace we have literally had
life-changing moments in front of this
very fireplace so sometimes when I want
to just I don't know this is where I
take the kids pictures this is where we
talk this is where we've made us this is
where we've like we've just done a lot
of living right here in front of the
fireplace we have the kids put to bed
and we're gonna head off to a
Valentine's Day I'm trying to like lean
on you a Valentine dinner buffet buffet
buffet yeah but it's not like I mean
it's like an upscale well the cool part
is they only put them away on two times
a year New Year's and Valentine's we
only have one nice restaurant in Cache
Valley and they bring in the buffet it's
a very very
I believe this is our second or third
Valentine's at this dinner yeah parents
and Ellie and Jared first was just by
ourselves
wanna feeling good now we're heading out
with our friends taught any actually so
we will see you guys tomorrow I just
think everyone needs to appreciate the
fineness of my date did you say finest
huh okay for what like oh dear
you
