good morning everybody today is Bonnie's
big day today's the day she goes to the
concert with her sisters so she is
pulled out all the stops she is getting
her makeup done and redoing some makeup
tutorials that maybe or maybe not I
ruined and she is getting all the way
ready even bleaching the teeth she
busted out the beautiful ugly robe
because she did the self-tanner and
everything this woman is pulling out all
the stops I think she wants to go on a
date with Carrie Underwood maybe there's
something or she's gonna pick up a date
there no she's going with all of her
sisters for her birthday and then her
birthday is over with sorry all right
that's the sign we've got to go she is
going to get in the shower and bleach
her teeth and I am going to take care of
the babies mm-hmm bye Bonnie happy
birthday you bleach your teeth turned
back on hey there you go all right you
guys I am out of the shower and it felt
so good to shower I had self-tanner on
you can see from like the neck down and
my teeth are clean now and you guys this
is the third or fourth maybe third or
fourth I can't remember um sponsored
video that I have done with white with
style I'm gonna tell you two reasons
that why I keep doing them one because
it actually gets my teeth white and two
because it does not send shocking pains
through my teeth that's it
like no shocking pains on my teeth while
like bleaching yes please so they have
two different ones they have one with
peroxide and one of out peroxide I
always get the one without peroxide
because I do have really sensitive gums
and really sensitive um teeth and if I
get really close and personal you can
see my guns get a little bit red when I
don't use all my hand shaking sorry when
I don't use the peroxide free that gets
bright red and kind of like angry so
peroxide free if you are very sensitive
like me like all my sponsored videos I
leave the information for their websites
and things in the description below when
you go to white with styles website a
lot of their bleach kits are around $300
250 something like that if you use the
code
Bonni 28 you get the sparkling white kit
for $28 I have been waiting to bleach my
teeth until the first of December and it
just happens to be right before the
Carrie Underwood concert which is
amazing because I'm on my teeth looking
good in the month of December I wear red
lipstick and we're in pictures it's like
the holidays you're going to parties and
so I like my teeth to be nice and why
especially for that red lipstick and
today as I film I'm gonna be wearing
some dark lipstick so I'm about to film
I am so excited joel has the kids out of
the house I am so grateful for joel he
is so sweet he just knows I want a quiet
house to get ready in for my birthday
and to take all my sisters to a carry-on
or concert oh and in case I forgot to
say these are the perfect stocking
stuffers or like presents for people
people love this kind of stuff perfect
stocking stuffer all right I came to
Ellie and Jared because I need a big
garage so that I can detail the suburban
sobani house that is their caravan
vehicle for the concert tonight so me
and that are quickly shoveling Ellie and
Jared's driveway cuz it's snowed last
night
and this is part of the winter one today
my kids are never allowed to have candy
in this car again one kid had to ruin it
for all of them and I'm pretty positive
that it was Cody Clark holy alright guys
I am done filming this this freakin
phone the earrings
Ellie gave this to me thank you very
much it's true Ellie did Ellie tell Joel
you gave me these earrings she had two
pairs of yours don't believe you any
better than I do
oh my gosh your head
Oh fart hey it's okay baby boy okay so
anyway these tutorial should be out my
hair and my makeup tutorial should be
out either Saturday or Sunday I'm going
to try really hard to get them edited
thank you for keeping out of my hair for
the second time feel bad it's alright
okay seriously the whole time I was
doing that I'm like this is debut round
I don't know this is a good opportunity
that leastwise you're amazing and to be
honest the whole looking to have to like
knows you can't touch mom okay I have
everything my camera my phone my keys a
little bit of makeup so I can screw sad
news for some my mom when I get there
haha why why do you think your mom will
hates pretty huh cuz she I was but she
doesn't need let's ban your outfit real
quick that is for day sure my mom
doesn't need it but I would I'm probably
gonna want to put some lipstick on it oh
okay I'm good lipstick up your mom think
you're such a dork
okay um I hope you guys have a good
night I'm a little nervous for you guys
to like to leave you I don't really want
to leave you
well I'm more nervous for you to be on
the roads in the snow it's been snowing
all day it's gonna snow all night I
think I really want you to drive safe in
my winter wonderland but I'm giving you
my most faithful steed thank you me and
the children will take the pony gallop
into town are you going to forgot your
you can have the the Clydesdale just you
Natalie it's really hate okay so this is
what we're doing I'm gonna go pick up
Ellie and we're gonna drive down to my
mom's and we're going to pick up
everybody
we're gonna go to dinner and I will
record a little bit while I'm there
probably not a ton but I'll put it in
tomorrow's video at least record some
dinner because I want to see I've never
been where they're going and neither is
Bonnie for that matter and I want to see
what it's like so okay I want to it's
like a secret getaway that only I'm
going to yeah bye
drive safe what are we here for today
why need a vibe it cuz my goods are too
small yep too small
we're gonna get you some new cute girly
boots to ink and how much make a little
more noise okay stand up in them yeah we
look at them thank you boys for behaving
not going crazy thank you you guys are
all crazy
thank you for behaving Boston just woke
up from a nap in the car in like the two
second car ride we had he fell asleep
which is usual this time of day and
they're gonna destroy the rest of it hey
Haley I am on a mission to get groceries
and things taken care of because I want
to do something kind of fun with the
kids tonight so we got to get stuff to
do it with but my entourage is ginormous
there's one there and two there and one
there and it's just it's chaotic it is
absolute chaotic but we're excited we're
going to have some fun tonight and I
want the kids to have fun and I really
want him to have fun he just he just
Oh Toby
all right just put Lincoln down for now
he's talking through it so hopefully
he'll just at least have some quiet time
for a little bit and us three I mean
older kids well me and the older kids
are going to make some cookies and we're
making pizzelles and if you don't know
what pizzelles are they are they're
cookie which Italian cookie I guess
they're my favorite cookies ever my
neighbor growing up made them for our
family and then we just loved them so
much that we bought a pizzelle iron and
started making them and I'm excited to
make some with the kids and make yeah we
got to clean it and make some cookies
and have some hot chocolate with our
cookies and possibly some eggnog but I
got but number-one ingredient is anise
anise is like a black licorice flavoring
and it is so stinking good so that's the
key to these things and that's the key
word Goodluck chocolate
Oh
member
the batter is finished
that's all looks like looks pretty
simple but it's so yummy but this is the
iron like you can see I mean it looks
just like a waffle cone iron and I
probably could make some good waffle
cones with it but one of the things that
requires is to sit for 30 minutes at
room temperature so I took the
opportunity and got the dishes done now
I need to dry them for the last few
minutes and the kids are playing quietly
by themselves but I told them to go play
and I'll come get them when on ready to
start making the cookies so that way
they can get their wiggles out and I
mean they don't have to hold still in
the kitchen the whole time because this
thing is wicked stinking hot it is so
hot no you're going to help make some
cookies you don't want to help why not
do you want to help me eat the cookies
yeah you don't want to even want to help
me eat the cookies okay well we cannot
we'll just eat a lot but you don't want
to help make up you just want to help
either no you are hella leave only come
out right no gimme Christmas you don't
eat it like this
Oh perfect
okay that's one blob you get just leave
that let's set the timer for two minutes
I think it said you're going in the
baby's room well that didn't last long
my worst nightmare just came true I have
three young boys and they're all just
like me I came in and the fan was going
full bore and the kids were throwing a
newspaper up in there to let it cut it
up are you joking me yeah we're not
doing that ever again we're never doing
that ever again that's never okay okay
turn the fan off the dog turn it off no
just once okay
oh we got to go get our cookies let's go
come on
okay those ones are wicked Brown the
thing said two minutes I don't know
whether they got two minutes from two
minutes is way too hot no those are not
going to taste yummy because they're
really Burke okay we got to time this
and play with it for a little bit Oh
smells well I think we got the quantity
correct for how much any attached
Lincoln just made my night I've been
trying hard to get like to make sure
that the kids know to keep the doors
closed to the bathrooms to all the other
rooms so Lincoln doesn't get in because
he is very noble and very quick and he
gets into the bathroom in the first
place he goes to the toilet because it's
full of water it's like a miniature
bathtub huh
they're looking at you they're looking
at you buddy
what on that wait hey kiss oh okay you
know fight okay
hey yummy do you like them do kids like
them you Andy
you made a onesie Oh ghost okay code do
you like this do you like them yeah make
me claw they make you talk so we are
enjoying our cookies and the internet
live to me folks it told me two minutes
for these turns out like 15 seconds is
all you wicked hot I don't know but we
got it and they're cooking good and
they're yummy and he's happy and we are
gonna end the night here before we close
I want to tell you guys about some
exciting news our family all the
Griffith family girls combined are going
to be doing a meet-up this Saturday
December the 3rd at the Roy City yeah
we're going to be doing a combined
family meet up at the Roy's City Fire
Department on the 3rd of December from 5
to 7 we really want an opportunity to
meet our subscribers and our
brands and also we're doing this for a
good cause - it's a toy drive that night
so please bring your toys and help
donate them to the fire department so
they can give them the families who
definitely need them and come check out
the lights they are amazing
so December the 3rd 5:00 to 7:00 be
there or be square
what was that bad good night everyone
good night Lincoln Roy
