good morning you guys it is Saturday
morning and we were able to sleep till 8
o'clock our Lincoln slept till 8 o'clock
he finally got used to where he was
sleeping and we're gonna change it
tonight so this room is booked in till
tonight so we had to switch rooms it's a
smaller room so we'll see how it goes
but it'll be fine we also have good and
Joel is feeding the kids a little bit of
leftover breakfast burrito from
yesterday let's not do that go get a
bite from Daddy you little stink bug I
think you're a cute stink bug he told me
this morning I was trying to put lotion
on his face I said you have got to hold
still and who pushed you that Charlie
did Charlie push you and that's why you
weren't holding still hmm interesting
Ruby rented a cabin and so we are all
gonna go up there hang out with Julie he
wants to pull that same thing out that I
just put away come here Andy anyway
we're gonna go and hang out with all the
cousins on my side of the family today
so we spent the week with Joel's family
and then we're gonna go and spend today
with my yes Olivia that is right if
someone steals you and you beat them up
you will not go on the bad list
yep that's all Santa wants and you know
what that's all mama wants too
life lessons okay Plaisance from Olivia
um this is so pretty like this is so
pretty so just thought I'd show you
while Olivia was keeping our life lesson
Paul just in case anybody was really
worried about getting Psalm and beating
up the guy who stole them and worrying
about being on the naughty list for
being up the guy who stole that's a real
epidemic in the naughty and nice list
this place is so awesome Boston grabs me
by the hand and I said mom I want to go
to the theater what this girl's pretty
Boston grabbing right at him and he said
I want to go to him all the kids are in
here they're trying to find something
for the kids to watch and all the kids
are in here where did Boston go oh he
made himself at home he was feeling
nervous
who you require yes let's get it on wash
yeah and then we just yeah and you know
yeah it's really fast and convenient
convenient I remember I'll be talking
about okay to the pacifier yeah not too
nice yeah
you know okay
that was so funny I'm so glad you said
that
no I'm so glad you said okay so I have
to tell you guys what happened so Joel
was planning this surprise for me for my
birthday
and I told y'all I don't want to do
anything extravagant for my birthday and
I saw on the computer these like sieving
ticket chart and I was like did he buy
us tickets to something and then he kind
of mentioned would you ever want to go
to the Carrie Underwood concert again
and I was like no we already went to
like why would I want to go again
thinking that's what he bought me and
then I was washing my face and I was
like I'm gonna close my eyes so I can't
see your reaction I'm gonna wash my
faces and I have something to tell you
but I don't want you to get mad I'm like
did you mind me Carrie Underwood concert
tickets and it was silent in the
bathroom and I was like and he's I'll
fine I'll tell you and I was kind of
like feeling a disappointed just a
little bit like I don't want to go again
he's all I got tickets for you and all
your sisters and your mom I was like
everyone knew that I knew except for
Ruby so I was like we die for his
birthday don't run the surprise when we
come up on the weekend Bonnie doesn't
know she doesn't know come on okay I
want to
so I'm all Ruby do you not Joel didn't
he for me for my birthday she saw no I
don't and then like i what I don't want
is for like she's been concert tickets
or something and she was like yeah the
worse anyway that was funny and all I
could think about all I could think
about no more yes the whole times the
first time fines holders like I did this
to vote when we were fishing one time I
knew my dad's fishing pole was I can't
even tell the story because it's not
going to be as funny but I knew my dad's
fishing poles on the suburban and I went
out in the boat with mo yeah fishing
hole anymore no yeah yeah he caught you
here oh yeah he'd give it to me and I
told why I said oh my gosh I drop dads
he should hold onto the water and ball
was like oh crap so he was like any fish
yeah he was like digging for it like
fishing for it like really trying to let
go or you know fishing for a fishing
pole and we got back to the campground I
told Dad I'm like we lost your fishing
pole sorry I'm I didn't mean that much
to me and buzz face was just like yeah
yeah I thought like I can see his posing
by my and that was the funniest moment
of my life
that yeah I'm dad knew so me and Dad
like dad was like me try not close I was
dying laughing opposed like your dad
you're gonna die you're gonna die okay
it was so funny that was the funniest
moment of my entire life
anyway recreated everywhere
- but I must like sound inaccurate yeah
so we always like to say didn't mean
that much to be done
grimmy so but I love it you're hiding
your face like you guys were awesome
thank you thank you I love how we're
just like sitting here like barricading
the stairs like where it's like these
weekends are so long the babies need a
nap
and they need naps that's crucial so
we're like blocking the stairs right
theorem is down there - really you can't
go on the plan I know I don't feel like
a jerk we're like thanks for renting the
cabin Ruby now we're not gonna let any
of your kids go downstairs because ours
are napping so thank you they're really
nice
I walked in the kitchen when they said
is it a better are we ready to eat
rubies again just a minute waiting on
something I said what birthday cake
yummy and I look in here look at this
just Ruby made it mom I'm really gonna
fight back
yes I got you the birthday cake but it
was only well it's not Joe called me a
yeah I don't know how I'm gonna get a
birthday cake up there with that body
and I just let me get going on those I
used um yeah we got a hey I used to
think that the older you got it didn't
matter like birthdays are just like
whatever but birthdays are really
important and they make you feel so
special
like I was like a bird thank you for me
that's only if you're a Griffis if
you're Griffis its birthday mama
yeah and Bonnie's is gonna end next week
yeah we're trying to help you God
Kendall's listing a FAFSA mom doesn't
make us do it twice she's gonna make a
spoon as far as anyway yes and Preeti
okay go on get over here
whoa hey hey hey your wish came true
I'm here I'm here I was just like
walking up like your wish is about to
come true me yeah in case all Canal and
now you're gonna go in glad perfect Kate
go close the door go closer to her Oh
bless you Oh
bonkers oh okay yes there we go excuse
me pardon me coming through
Oh Lady Anne Oh Lady Anne get cozy
Nikko's e oh oh yeah we have a third
party intervening these kids love it in
here all day this is like their safe
place yeah it's a little tight when you
pick Oh two turfs that's embarrassing
oh how is that crazy or what that's what
I think too
well Lincoln is not the happiest in his
um shower bedroom the kids are all
laying down trying to go to sleep can
you guys wave goodbye to everybody
mm-hmm oh can you see him over um I'm
not sure if you even followed or
understood what was going on earlier so
Joel got me and all my sister concert
tickets to Carrie Underwood everyone
knew that I knew except for Ruby because
it kind of was a surprise but then I
know about it Bonnie figured it out
anyway so we were all teasing Ruby and
it was hilarious maybe was only
hilarious to us but nonetheless it was
hilarious so I can't wait to go with my
sisters that's going to be so fun one
thing I am excited to do is watch all of
my siblings vlogs I'm excited to see
their point of view from the same day as
me I think that's really fun so if you
guys want to check out their view of the
same day make sure to go check out their
channels and their videos I'll leave all
their information in the description
below we'll see you guys tomorrow thank
you so much for watching bye
why are you planning that I love you bye
good morning Lincoln you slept till
10:00 in the morning that's the only
place you would fear a shower you make
do with what you got right well as cribs
in the shower
