you are still little and you got to
listen to a very big date I'll tell them
what they do okay when you are bigger
then Lincoln will listen to you and
there's you're his big brother Lonnie
and Cody
well they'll always be your big brother
and sister you want to listen to you let
Megan maker then you then you can tell
Lincoln you can help Lincoln out because
you're his big brother and you want to
listen learning Cleo
my big brother yeah you want to listen
to him what is the number one rule you
stick together that's the biggest thing
I learned growing up my mom didn't care
if we were in trouble together as long
as we were together I mean we could do
anything as long as we were together as
long as we looked out for each other one
time there was a huge huge huge rain and
my friend Aaron Pilkington drove me home
and I got home and my mom said where's
your sister and she said I cannot
believe that you left the school without
your sister and I felt it in my heart
like I'll never forget how I felt that
day because my mom I mean it was like we
are each other's number ones like we
look out for each other and I didn't
think about my sister and I took off
without her I remember there was like a
foot of water on the ground there like
it was insane like you couldn't even go
outside and my mom she was heartbroken
that I didn't think about my sister I
think about that all the time and I tell
the kids number-one rule you stick
together you look out for each other
don't you
you get in trouble together you play
together you cry together you laugh
together beat people up together if you
have to hey if it came down to it they
could really really beat some kids up
one thing that was funny this morning
Boston downstairs for a minute and this
gentleman goes
I know those jammies those are the
jammies that I run around yesterday yeah
this month not much in it was laughing
because one time there's this girl I can
picture face on my mind
and Julie being the loyal sister she is
we had a plan we're gonna we were good
jackler and I was gonna sit on Julie was
gonna spit on her and then I was gonna
sit on her and he's gonna throw sand up
don't do you realize you're giving our
viewers over No okay I'm only laughing
because it's something we thought about
did we actually do it no no we didn't I
she was so mean you guys this gross mean
it was it the younger sister Kelly
it was Ellie Ellie heels are more we
were nice to people and we befriended
people you were pretty good I'm not a
bully sometimes I bully you but you like
it okay though for real we've been like
lounging in our room this morning
because Lincoln was up again around 5:30
no he was up like five I finally got up
at 5:30 and I took my turn I let Joel
sleep in took him downstairs and oh so
he's down for a nap um i sat here and
did my makeup again this morning is my
favorite thing isn't that is that not my
favorite thing to like sit and do my
makeup in front of a big window I love
it did the sweet lady downstairs give
those to you she don't drown Bangkok's
and she'd be with these great Welch's
dreams yeah
um we can watch cartoons or the fan
market okay you can show Oh Little
Rascals why was I saying sama Oh chili
we switched it to a different movie bus
and said do you want to go upstairs in a
picture oh yes the cute lady of the
front desk I love her she called me and
she's like do your kids want to watch
cartoons and have a little snack I'm
like I love you yes they do thank you
for helping me watch out thank you so
much yeah okay let's go get in the car
let's go if you guys are wondering where
Olivia's she went with thank you she
went with Uncle Josh and aunt amber
lapses right so we're gonna go pick her
up and then head back over to Joel's
parents house Joel and his brothers are
all out here trying to transform this
place into the winter wonderland that it
becomes and we're just out your plans a
little kitty no he's fine yeah he thinks
he's learning how I took a picture of
our matching boots and put it on my
Instagram page I thought this was just
Tomatoes thing all I'm gonna get ran
over
uh-huh I thought those were the cutest
thing he's so bowlegged and I love it
whoop careful careful
it's a good thing you convinced me to
let you bring that huh yeah these kids
keep shooting that on the roof do not
shoot it on the roof please
you hear that squeal I've been hearing
that 24/7 how come you're squealing so
much little man
Eddie that's pretty good you got it
that's pretty good little man I know I
don't know if I like it it makes them
look too rough look a little rough but I
think it's fun for the weekend yeah got
it
I will not leave it that way for
Christmas though no no you mr. keep
getting into everything we call Gary
there that's not for you that's not a
toy for you
oh you can't let's go play come on Joel
is gonna die I just don't link in his
first I've been taking him on this slide
and when he wants more he's been saying
more lincoln jump more twice tomorrow
he's uh he's occupied with the doggies
you want to go more say more say more
yes
Oh see he's he knew he didn't do it
right because in his hands cause who
Lincoln could jihad
oh okay Pavlov's theory here I make a
say I know he wants to go down the slide
so I say give me a kiss Horace and he's
so he knew to give me a kiss oh it's
kind of hard to do one-handed you'll
catch him for me cake one two three well
thanks crazy
I think he gave the it kisses watch can
you give him kisses oh but so nice of
you Olivia you're so nice to take care
of him thank you Oh Olivia watch he
knows how to sign more Lincoln look say
more can you say more Olivia show him
the sign for more and he'll do it watch
go two hands closed due to have yep just
like that can you say more well he might
not want to do it just now but I want
you to see it cuz I know you're gonna be
excited for him look you want to go down
the slide more yeah
okay when often here comes a change
okay one two three
lay your head down lay your head down to
give love's
there we go here we go isn't that like
the best feeling in the world
nothing is better I'm so lucky my
parents live two minutes away from
Joel's parents so it's like crazy over
there with a million kids I'm tired
Boston needs a nap and Lincoln needs a
nap so we're coming here to take a nap I
know what you're gonna I'm gonna lay
right next to you hey Boston we don't
keep that by 5:00
Lincoln Lincoln
he came hmm why you so sleepy he's
confused angry
oh good morning in case you couldn't
find your binky I think I found it it's
in your hood I didn't put it there
ah we enjoyed the best nap ever we
enjoyed the best nap ever and I cuddled
with that man who died why cometh do you
want to see me you want me to see the
decorations no clue guys okay they're
closed
okay you help me okay he's gonna pull
he's got me by the hand we're gonna come
and see what hey tell me when okay oh my
goodness
six boys dead they've been working all
day and they're still out here working
like crazy dude get the reindeers lights
to light the reindeers lights to work
well I got the manger scene ah they got
the house lights up the street yes I'm
ready
great what's his name what's his name no
what's his name you okay you ready I got
our stance for you or did you plug it in
already oh it didn't work okay yeah I
didn't know you did it you didn't lead
up to it looks good tight
ro I see in grandma painted oh I was
doing that I was putting as
yea-ah I thought something happened when
I pulled up and you have a towel to your
face are you okay
darn it Oh anti-climatic there you go oh
that's what I'm trying to light up right
there oh I see oh that's awesome good
job good job you holding boys for you
boy
he took an amazing nap I took a good
that we all took a two-hour nap yeah
Boston did you connect with Boston
oh heck yes and we woke up and he goes I
like I barely woke him up and I said
Boston are you ready to go and he goes
yeah I go to Grandma's is we'll still
there Oh yep will is still there well as
a cousin he doesn't get to see very
often so he's pretty excited and then we
got in the crown he goes did Coney
come with us to our now and then said
nobody goes home okay okay yes we're
making sure we have big hugs from well
because we won't see him for a minute
can you give Cody a hug well yes yes we
love our cousins don't we exactly my god
nothing Jackson spike that's it well you
boys are handsome good little men give
my boy hey looking boy oh okay we'll
find it we'll find it
bye will so I realized that I did not
have any milk for Lincoln when we left
my parents house we are back to the
hotel and it is taking so much more work
to take care of Lincoln than it normally
does it used to at home is really really
easy he's a little fun
workin right now and he's just a little
bit harder when I'm not at home I don't
understand it well because the elevator
home that was awesome you coming in this
one all right I barely caught that
elevator barely caught that elevator so
far this truth things have been really
really good link it's been a little bit
fussy because he's not in his element
and it's been a little bit harder to
take care of it be honest but we're
happy to be here happy to be spending
time with family enjoying their company
and having a good Thanksgiving and I
hope that you guys are having a good
Thanksgiving too and we'll see you guys
in the next vlog
