sporting in the morning it's not too too
late but once that's not what I want to
be doing if I free the morning he woke
up and was waking everybody up and I
knew he was not going to go back to bed
so I got and I got him on
walk down the lobby and hang out it
we're going to just make him happy
Happy Thanksgiving me and Lincoln are
still awake early in the morning we've
been watching Megamind out in the lobby
and he's been running around that he was
getting too close to the fireplace so I
thought I'm gonna go check and make sure
today's video went up and see and sure
enough that's what I'm doing is watching
somebody who's that handsome guy man
it's a good-looking guy on the internet
anyway we're still hanging out I hope
Bonnie's sleeping I don't have my phone
so if she's tried to text me I have no
idea but I want her and the kids to
sleep what's behind door number one
oh just him good morning you guys joel
is taking a nap and I just got done
getting ready and now I'm just wandering
the halls with the kids
what is this called what's this called
yep we're gonna get in the alligator and
we're gonna go find Olivia and Cody huh
again because they have been running
around playing which i think is totally
fine our rooms like right here and they
have just been going up and down the
elevator the alligator and I told him
they had to be really quiet and they're
really good to just like be quiet so
anyway um Joel was such an angel to take
Lincoln for me this morning can you
believe he did that it was so early and
he just sat in the lobby for like two
hours
you just gotta wait for it look just
wait for it
Juno is so funny I just was thinking to
myself I'm gonna get on the elevator and
I better stop logging because there
probably won't be service in there haha
I do that so many times will be up like
in the mountains vlogging and I'm like
oh you don't have to have reception a
decent Wayne Lincoln is taking him up oh
hello
where is where's Cody crazy and you're
on the air is II know he's steppin the
body
yeah I like her yeah you did yeah he had
to stay with me cuz he's tuned at all so
yeah but we gonna play together now why
you gonna play well I'm just coming to
supervise hello they are Millicent hey
that's too loud listen that's too loud
oh my gosh I would wear that outfit
right this minute homicide the whole
world wearing 80s outfits right kiss me
I love this show and every time I think
of this show I think of the one line
don't the better Lincoln why do you have
to be such a cranky pants yeah he's not
a happy guy would scripted laughing look
at this Quinton eyes ha ha ha Lincoln
your crankiness he has the most
character of all the babes are you
making mama laughs huh and we decided oh
okay
tonight you're sleeping in the bathroom
not behind the curtain and if we have to
go to the bathroom in the middle of the
night we're setting a diaper out for us
and we're gonna no no no I walk down on
our vehicle
I'm not I'm gonna die I'll just try no
fluids after 6:00 for Mom um so I
totally forgot my shampoo and condition
this hair is very dirty very old and
it's just going in a braid for
Thanksgiving Day it's just hair right
not that big a deal
ah dilly I thought you found a rubber
band
yeah let's make it a rule no more
finding stuff under the hotel bed sorry
Charlie you got new nylons
you're so sweet with your outfit I guess
the biggest thing mm-hmm I
Jill carried these boxes down here and I
didn't know if they were open these up
so today is uncle Josh's birthday and
then look what they have for me I'm like
totally surprised
Maggie we will when it's tired maybe
after dinner
oh that cake that is a cheese dip cheese
ball I got keep on you smilin hey how
are you
you have you're gonna put him on top of
them
onca wagering chose families for us only
I'm almost ready to have ones for dinner
and got the little boys over here and
then the slightly older boys right here
on the end of course Boston's got his
finger in the jello and Olivia what did
you tell grandma that you really wanted
her to have this year the chocolate
turkeys honey and she came through
different types of these ones are
smaller and people the best and waters
awesome
me
happy birthday dear Josh and bonny bonny
happy birthday to you you want to go
Mohan okay we have to make a wish hey
hey there was cake on here dinner was
amazing like always and joel is in here
doing dishes there's nothing hotter than
a man doing dishes I'm hot and I'm not
doing this but your mom hates how you're
doing dishes so does everybody since we
were dating any time we come to your
parents house I don't know what it is
but I just get so funny to you right
we're sitting here and I'm talking this
couple from Boston okay and I did a yoga
mini burger got a guy mentioning he was
from Boston oh that's cool so you like
you said big guys like I didn't realize
that somebody did comments it we were
going to be open any concert in August I
was like really he's like he's like I
freaking love it I was like yeah I
wasn't going to see ya and Cameron
returned as you can see you guys are
another kind of one is back and he goes
no really she go
Danny does it the hotel from what you
got show me yeah there you go sorry on
you he came up to me and he had his head
on and so we put our hands like this and
we totally coaster right
maybe says your lipstick wet or is it
dry good you're okay do you see the
choo-choo train
you see the tea tree okay to make it for
it through he's like I'm gonna put my
face on this window and watch the Train
do you love that
there goes her nope guys go alright what
was your guys's favorite part of today
I like manic yeah no I um like you my
favorite part um he returns eating the
turkey oh they made her bad I didn't
think they were going to that makes me
feel weird
oh they cleaned up the Cheerios I didn't
think they totally cleaned up they did
they did make your little bed um I feel
weird that like they were in here I
didn't I thought that it was past like
the time for them to clean like who
makes me feel kind of funny
do you feel like that was a successful
Thanksgiving for the books a wonderful
thing I'm happy so yeah that's a good
thing
I I had a really really nice time honey
just tired closing remark okay balance
for Lincoln that's Lincoln's swimsuit
hopeful oh and I kind of showed him me
thank you whoever works at this hook
thank you whoever said oh tell me
appreciate wet whenever you do Brussels
yeah we've actually had the same lady
every morning that works here because
her family does Christmas or
Thanksgiving in the evening and so she
volunteers to work that morning and then
the gentleman that works in the evening
he's been here the last several years
that we've done this is kind of fun on
like hey guys I'm naked boobies niggas
Evie's on the end slate I'll make sure
to add last
Thanksgiving video and so you can go
check that out
I personally love the holiday videos
don't you I like in they're fun to watch
I do too so you guys thank you so much
for watching
oh yeah PS hello the N sleigh I haven't
even mentioned it I've never had that
sleigh how cool is this a name thank you
guys so much for watching and Happy
Thanksgiving
but that guy's well I
