good morning beautiful good morning Joey
how's it look obviously I can't talk
while I'm doing my eyebrows so you're
gonna have food Jen
I'll hold the conversation I'll hold the
conversation for both of us
um I believe we're trying to leave out
of town
oh no yeah vacuum no it's good idea
mm-hmm
thanks Jennifer I'm just gonna let you
have your way and I'm gonna get my baby
boy you didn't take a nap at all but you
played in here like a nice boy you
played you played so good all morning I
kept debating whether to put him down or
not because I was like we're gonna be
walking out the door any minute now
oh but I'm glad I did I know it he
didn't sleep at all but he really did
just play quietly he was cribbing he is
learning that he may not sleep he may
not take the nap but he knows like that
time is quiet time and just time for him
velar he's getting more comfortable with
sure our lady tell him Happy
Thanksgiving with a pointer finger
that's that's what he's saying
everything to the pointer finger Lincoln
I just have to see your outfit look at
you did you ready show her I believe he
goes by Paul Bunyan you're my handsome
boy are you ready to go and guess what
you're gonna come home to a clean house
no dirty garbages no dirty garbages beds
are made oh wait we did make a mistake
and we forgot to get the garbage yeah we
got very very full garbage cans it's
okay oh you ready for me to get you are
you guys ready to go that's the craziest
scariest noise my jock ever heard guess
what as you as you do that stuff
and you taught you when it needs to stop
it will over hurt you pretty bad yeah
pretty bad let's get annex aborted Joel
thank you so much for helping me get out
the door this morning
Oh
we are stopping at burger bar of course
on our way to Joel's parents to get
lunch for everybody and I wanted to show
you the exotic meat of the month is
alligator any of you guys tried kala
Gator I have not and I don't ever plan
to walk it over there right but they
sure haven't actually sold it to another
the article I read said to the church
owned it and sold it to another
contractor free tap on his shoulder so
he knows you're there
hey buddy he was feeling really shy he's
wanted to come over and say hi hey and
he was feeling a little shy okay now go
play see you later
he's been sitting in this cute little
high chair eating his corn dog but Radin
not the thing over I got my foot here
just in case thinking oh gosh there's a
rock Lincoln is that so see if I hand
him a Friday fender mm-hmm it's a fool
not a face all morning Oh yep that one
all the boxes aspirin
forget what what happened honey
you're putting your lawn there you shot
up on the roof again but today's your
lucky day because dad is gonna get on
the roof did you what to turn off
grandpa Nate air conditioner I'm not
sure how I'm gonna go up the ladder cuz
I only have ah both my hands are in use
oh this is scary
we got it here up here the annual
festival of lights' Griswolds can eat
your heart out this is the whole Wayne
house now and this is pretty much it
every year we just set up a million
lights
I think I've always liked about my
parents house there's this view like I
just
you see forever given the view is just
houses but still you can see forever
and there's even a McDonald's down there
now that was not here none of these
houses were here when I was a kid this
was all cow pasture and you'd hear the
cows mooing in the morning this is all
all developed since I've been a kid
what's up here bud what is know who shot
it up here I don't know that guy shot it
up here I don't see it but I honestly
don't see the arrow up here anywhere
there's just this guy in this guy and me
when Santa doesn't have it right there
oh right Oh
hmm I just got her well paint my face
red it really was up here got an honest
kid pretty proud of that Boston really
was telling the truth I should believe
him more he goes away I'll just copy you
can you say have to say yes I don't
think the Santa Claus is coming down
here honey
well he's do he well who told you that
dad dad said the Santa Claus was gonna
be down here yeah he's good he's coming
down the fireplace well Santa Claus is
going to bring cram and grandpa presents
here yeah I know okay mommy
right maybe I've asked that but Santa
Claus is gonna come to your house and
put come down your fireplace and bring
you presents to your house no up stairs
yeah Bramblett Leonard read upstairs I
don't think you should worry about it
okay
see come down okay so you want to wait
right here for Santa a jewel sorry
elapse touch him
you just want to say no okay
I think when it gets closer to Christmas
time we should go to the mall and see if
we can find Santa there and you can tell
him what you want do think that's ones
it's a good idea
thank you go to not enjoy the robots
I will why um will tell him I'll tell
him
oh yeah I'm gonna clean stole away a
controller one cute right sells light I
don't even know
oh he chews down my place okay let's go
back outside and play okay watching you
muck I'm not looking good guys okay my
eyes are closed
all right that's what you're talking
about okay so that's the Santa Claus of
Boston's talking about and this one over
here that he was talking about what I
don't think he's gonna come all the way
down the chimney right now I think he's
gonna wait until Christmas that is so
sweet he wanted to go get him well good
job are you yeah are you staying inside
where it's warm
are you staying inside where it's a one
but I'm hiding from Boston so I can hear
them out there squealing is that why you
were squealing because you wanted to
bring this in the house yeah cuz Canton
wait he'll go down okay oh my goodness
you got to not scream and squeal like
that that makes me crazy okay he's gonna
come back oh I know he is but you gotta
wait till it's time okay she's down
there run my gosh you guys I love
watching the kids be carefree out in the
yard because I just know that these are
the memories that they're going to
remember for the rest of their lives
just being in the front yard having it
be cold like helping put up the
Christmas decorations I love my favorite
memories were going to my grandma and
grandpa's house whether they were like
I was in trouble there or like if we
were having fun there it was all good
yeah these kids will look back whether
they accidentally gots kiddies in their
underwear or whether they were fighting
with their cousins um they'll look back
on these days and just love them and
miss these days hmm so fun
should we give everybody baby fever and
look at your bum bum
look at that bum it's the cutest bum I
ever saw the coolest bum i these boys
must really love their dad because it is
snow Aerith not snowing it is raining
old out here give him kisses can you
give him kisses oh yes yes do you think
he'll give me one can I have one nice
boys just a little ha ha ha ha ha I love
funny he is so funny you know when you
hit about the age 5 I'm not gonna let
you do that anymore
oh my gosh Julie is here and we had to
keep it quiet because Ellie didn't know
and she and dad didn't know you didn't
know they're coming did you oh yeah
I know right
oh really I'm Emma Watson right hot
Olivia Olivia hmm what do you do
no that's Emma they must have flown
around oh how sweet
then they walked through the door oh
well that was a very hard secret to keep
oh that was very hard confused
Emma come here come here she is the most
beautiful thing I've ever seen how are
you you'll find Olivia did you just wipe
my kiss off you stinker
Lincoln that's your Aunt Linda that's
your Aunt Linda oh he wants to squirm
down what do you think I think he likes
you
Lincoln why are you looking off Scali
meliza here mr. cranky pants oh my gosh
this makes me so I you don't even know
it Lincoln but Aunt Linda loves you more
than anybody oh you love them all don't
check did you find he's your baby friend
is that Porter hi flora he's your baby
friend yes it always is Calvin you baby
friends I think we know who pushed this
over okay no no don't touch okay don't
touch good job you just got back to the
hotel little bit ago we're just getting
everyone situated we've got the kids
trying to go to sleep here you little
stinks keep laughing about everything
Boston is comped out right here and then
as you can see we've improvised because
we scheduled to have the room that has
two rooms but they messed up on the
reservations and anyway they did take
care of us and we were happy but we've
had to improvise and we've got Lincoln
trying to go to sleep in there so we'll
see how he does tonight the hum of a
cars out there can hopefully put him to
bed today was a fun day today we had a
lot of fun and we're all beat we're all
so tired Joel oh yeah how was shooting
with the guys Joe it shooting that was
that was one of our that's one of like
the main things that we do is the night
before Thanksgiving the boys go shooting
that's fun tradition I'm glad we did
mmm-hmm how'd you rank I was average
Abbot cold and rainy I feel like I
couldn't see in million excuses but I
shot terribly why I'm praying that the
kids just like sleep because we're so
tired yeah I hope they do I remember
doing this long time ago in Boston
it's so good but Lincoln I think Boston
was a better sleeper than Lincoln I
think Lincoln is a little bit the way
Olivia wasn't it's kind of a finicky
sleeper I mean they sleep through the
night but it's you can't just like stick
them in a corner and how to asleep it's
like it's on there too yeah they're
gonna be awake in Boston you could just
put him anywhere and he didn't land him
and Cody was the same way too it was
pretty good
well when you guys are watching this it
is gonna be Thanksgiving so happy
Thanksgiving to wise in the morning
we're gonna get up and go have
Thanksgiving your parents I'm excited
I'm excited
yeah your parents always put on a good a
good feast yeah it looks pretty good
today already when we were over there
okay we will see you guys tomorrow
Happy Thanksgiving we love you guys so
much we're very thankful for you see you
in the morning thanks guys
