good morning guys it's Monday morning
and we have been working all morning
we also Sean so these drawers are
basically done we just need to get the
handles on them
I do feel sad because these are like
knots in the wood but instead of like
looking like knots because you can't see
the grain they just look like dents but
I think we're just gonna leave them
because we don't care so we got this
blanket covered cleaned out and in all
the rest of the drawers and that took a
lot of work that was a little hard and
then we also went through Lincoln's
closet and we got a lot of stuff taken
care of in here and I was really sad
these are shoes that he's going to grow
into that were the kids is shoes he's
wearing now and I had to get rid of a
few baby things not like the very
special ones at cap and the ones that
were like really special I'm going to
give to like my sister's when they have
baby boys or something but we got rid of
a lot of good good stuff you know it
just doesn't fit them anymore and we are
taking all this stuff to the DI so we've
got some really good clothes in here yes
and it makes me sad Santa Claus brought
that Olivia on like one of her first
Christmases that makes me really that
makes me just crazy I don't know um I'm
happy like I wanted to go to someone but
like it makes me sad because they were
my babies anyway
um that like my little nursing pillow
and my being uh I'm not gonna show my
face and then the car seat little thing
I've already given away one of those
what's what I had a pink one how we have
to acquire these what do you mean you
see but he had a budget oh yeah these
were expensive and we had to go hit
they're like morning madness sale at
their actual distribution center to get
on oh yeah your well not easy like
buying these things like it was work we
had no
money we had no money and my but I
wanted nice things for my babies and so
we worked really hard to have those
things and so like this morning on my
mentality I was like I'll get it up at
ASL or like like a cheap web site that
people go and like my secondhand things
for really cheap but I didn't want to
even deal with it and I just thought you
know if something like the DI that's the
whole purpose of Deseret Industries
uh-huh please don't push me I for
Goodwill yeah it's like it's our
goodwill no he's homegrown he gets to
say yeah what's the matter what do you
have oh he wants an orange he wants the
orange okay okay and I'll get him an
orange can be a baby
should we give him one more bounce in it
alright one more bounce
Oh make it Angry cold death in here okay
not gonna happen not gonna happen never
giving it away well since we got to it
I can walk Lee these boys yes you kids
I've got them trapped in the bathtub
Lincoln's washing his bread and they
have been watching all their aunts and
uncles this morning did you guys know
that all my siblings log if you didn't I
have all their channels listed anyway in
my channels part of my channel anyways I
have oh don't let's move the computer um
while I get ready I need to corner them
say playing in the bathtub while
watching vlogs and I'm getting ready he
came over to LA
we haven't spent much time over here and
lately it seems like and we went and got
Kelvin from his nap
and these two were chit-chatting so much
girl language if they do tell Calvin
says the same thing all the time
and we can was like saying this yeah oh
no no no we're taking turns one my
toddler is going to torment Ellie's tree
and Ellie's toddler's going to torment
my tree okay no no no don't touch don't
touch don't touch
your little we're gonna put up your
little tree aren't we we got her no I
said you your kids want to help me do a
little special something I said yes so
the kids are gonna look at that the kids
are going to decorate a tree downstairs
okay let go all your guys are making me
really nervous okay let's put these back
it's funny Ellie and I must be sisters
or something because I came over in mind
with a little teeny something for
Jackson that was way because I didn't
realize this Jackson like his lip was so
huge the I mean he had the other day he
had a huge little accident he's totally
fine now but at the time it was really
really bad and so anyway we got here and
they where's your robot Jackson got you
a little tiny robot and it's the
sweetest thing so I want I care you can
give this to him and tell him what to do
with it can you get back to him okay
tell him where to put it
should we go put it in your piggy bank
okay you can put that one in what do you
say job well idea thank you twice
already piggy bank is okay right
run in there and those yes our Boston's
are Jackson's pants the Boston is
wearing because Boston pees pants for
the first time I think ever good job you
guys who doesn't love putting money in
the piggy bank
he loves it we all got our closet
does haha good job you guys you two are
so cute oh let let Jackson do it let
Jackson do it so hard for your altar
three year old friends it's always a
love hair day yes if there are younger
older sons that but when they're the
same age they love each other
but yeah it's very hard they fight a lot
they love each other but they fight a
lot this little boy has been
entertaining so this whole time down
here Ellie's treat is absolutely
gorgeous it's like outdoorsy it has like
foxes and vowels and like pine cones so
pretty and the kids are up here playing
it's like magic whole egg it's just like
pretty dim and the kids are playing
so you're playing with play-doh oh my
gosh look at her are we mad that did you
open is this a butterfly yeah she's a
good look you know what I made this man
that is oh I need look at his belt I can
see the detail on the belt what's this
um a girl this doughnut is for me thank
you
no honey let's not play with this
because it pinkies up before your mommy
comes up here Jo holing I love them so
much I'm glad I'm in the bigger ones
yeah I am too
they look really good and they match the
hardware in the kitchen but these are
spot-on
I didn't yeah I thought the other
perfect there's thought on there perfect
thank you for doing that we had a lot of
fun over Ellie's house a lot of fun good
hey little man what did you find
yes what did you find
firefighters a B okay Olivia get your
bucks we gotta practice far far away
yes firefighter Roy my sister-in-law
Emily had a little like questionnaire
she did on Facebook and so I took a
screenshot of it and I want to ask a few
of the questions I won't ask all of them
but I just thought it would be fun to
like end the night that way so I'm going
to ask you guys a few questions it says
no coaching the kids so when I point to
you ask you the question so what is your
name last thing am i my other name is
Hulk oh okay that sounds good
do you know when your birthday is when's
your birthday you don't know you
watching Captain America
cake okay great okay Cody
how old is mommy I know you're 30 I am
pretty good job that's why I didn't ask
you because I knew you would know okay
and this you're gonna be 30 why
on Sunday I'm gonna be 31 my birthday's
on Sunday did you guys get me anything
that's where I'll get you something
that's it I don't want something from
the mall I want you to make me something
look okay Boston how old is dad hey how
old is he by three got it
okay what is your favorite color hmm
your favorite color is purple okay my
birthday when's your birthday
oh right my 13 13 look and I'm get a
wool cake and hold it perfect 13 you
know who is your best friend Greg's
grant do it in blood who's your best
friend Cody oh Clark I really miss him I
get a picture so kids still remember me
who is your best friend yeah hey what's
your favorite TV show
Yeah right now
Hulk plate up Cody what's your favorite
TV show Express
oh okay that's mommy show mm-hmm what's
your favorite show
hey Potter you like okay okay seeing me
a little piece of your favorite song um
super pals infant brother I like that
okay oh god wait I am a child of God and
he's happy here as gladden humming
nursery home okay go Boston sing a part
of your favorite okay that's a pretty
good one came what makes you scared mmm
Horace Halloween earnest Halloween yeah
it may it's a fun movie but it most
gives everyone mostly in nightmares yeah
what scares you Boston oh yeah
what about little ones well okay what
makes you scared
um nightmares kind of made me scared
nightmares like neighbors about cracks
in like my school we got grass that's
really scary grass mines I'm like rapid
knots and snakes
rattlesnakes and Trangia eyes what a
tricky one catches are big spiders I
love you kids with my entire heart why
do one more just I haven't good
trampoline
watch your favorite shampoo what Boston
what's your favorite trampoline green
greens grappling is your favorite kind
of shape don't go okay that's our last
well you guys thank you so much for
watching don't forget I have my favorite
holiday gift ideas for kids in the
description below if you want to check
those out and we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
