good morning advice it is Saturday
morning Joel is over at the church with
the kids oh he's right here what's up as
I was saying Joe Lazar with the church
as a kid and I have Lincoln he's very
very unhappy um my joyful plan was for
him to be happy while I decorated for
Christmas I may have done a little bit
of shopping yesterday my friend Ashley
my friend Ashley is coming over a she
didn't let me decorate okay you stopped
crying for a second so I can talk more
every year Joel well not every of us
sometimes
Joel surprised me decorating all
surprised illustrating but this year I
got a lot of new stuff I don't know I
didn't want to put all of our old stuff
a lot of it was mismatched in our new
like home and so I got a few things that
I thought would go really well with our
new house
and we can try
Boston wait you did so good
you were so well-behaved Boston just
Boston just in the best job ever Olivia
and Cody are up in the primary program
and that's what we're here practicing
today and Boston had to sit here by
himself and he did such a good job you
had a little help huh - just some fun
help there's a tree out there for being
such a good boy you get a treat - oh my
goodness sakes we've had a good day so
far and I think we're gonna go run some
more errands home no I know I have the
drum because it's so fun here I didn't
help you sorry I didn't mean for you to
bring the whole tree in by yourself
you ready we're probably over there now
nope you're just great right there's
perfect Wow nice mix our muscle look at
this you guys
I know pretty exciting I imagine him
being happy in the crib he's just not
what anyone please here we've got the
scissors I've got for sure I'm like
he'll be good in the crib like maybe in
a second
there's a bright star shining tonight I
have never seen before
well we'll have to look without any
can't see the crack making your baby
we'll put some tape over it I don't know
nothing no way you're fat this girl so
come on and take it iseman strong
me too
so I had to run into town really quick
to get some garland because we couldn't
find what we wanted yesterday and by the
time I got back which I did try to hurry
um actually had the entire tree set up
and when I walked in i hope that joel
has the same r you did you just back up
actual has the same reaction as me you
guys I'm dying and this is okay so I
just have to show you I'm not good at
decorating I put this over here like the
exact same things but these were like
stuff in the corner and this was just
like right here so it's like the
designer's touch so you're very good
Ashley oh yeah I just got done mostly
vacuuming but I was like oh crap I
should show everybody all the flocking
this is the snow on the trees is called
flocking anyway it is everywhere all
over our clothes but it's worth it it's
totally risk-free visit my friend Ashley
is so pretty
and she's so good at what she does and I
love her and I just want to show her I'm
like I won't show yet to walk in there
won't make you say anything she's your
little camera-shy by a shinigami oh so
fun think they want you I'm not going to
show you guys yeah I'm gonna wait till
Joel gets here but I just wanted to say
things to Ashley thank you oh man okay
not everything is done yet I need a tree
skirt and I have a red blanket coming
over to drape over here but this is what
Joel is gonna walk up to it I'm so
excited
okay boys eyes are closed Christmas toys
yeah I'm so sad though camera's not
focusing on your guys's faces right now
what do you think did you use command
strips not on the fireplace on the on
the walls honey they're fine they'll be
fine yeah that's really good what other
Indians no the reindeer turned out to be
my favorite part is so cool on this it's
amazing
um actually is amazing I don't know how
to do anything she did everything but
she picked everything out I have a tree
skirt coming I have a tree skirt coming
and a red blanket so Oh
do you like the sauce stockings they
were the cheapest simplest ones and I
liked them the best
well you got a cute they're perfect what
do you think seriously Joel what do you
think of the change no I have one
question I would ask him what Jay said
yeah okay I was like don't ask oh look a
Cody's doing Oh
things just snow on are all trees like
yeah but um I thought we'd give our
other tree downstairs
did you just climb up your closet to do
that hello good
we're gonna put more of that we can find
more batteries my potion wine is like
that
really Olivia how come you how come your
outfit looks so perfect with our decor
it's not a hummingbird what is that is
it a dog I don't know I don't know what
I don't know
yeah no no yeah what kind of bird but um
when I saw the birds I was like the bird
yeah that's our fisher-price nativity
scene is that not the funnest I'll put a
link for it in the description I know
everybody asked for about it last year
and I love this little fisher-price
thing so do the kids the kids use it all
the time is the table pieces not so
sweet I like that's totally you I know
well okay I when we were decorating here
I didn't think I could use gold and then
Ellie decorated her house and it has
silver and gold it looks beautiful I
felt I've got some gold in my house Burl
Ives a long time ago said silver the
Bears are adorable well they all those
Bears are what I got when I was young
yeah you don't do the switch on it but
it's Glenn what do I say we got some new
batters and it is the lights yeah so was
it free lint so it's a pre-lit tree and
then these come there's a little light
you can screw them on okay and I
couldn't find any of them to screw on
Ashley did every one of them because I'm
useless it was like I'm so sorry
yes isn't that pretty thank you I said I
was gonna do and what we still can we
can put a poinsettia in there I want to
find a Christmas like a Santa
I looked for a stand in a picture and I
couldn't find one yeah and I want to put
a little floral Christmas floral right
there I like it
look how excited they are like I don't
even care
yep he's getting a screwdriver does
change his batteries okay that's for um
one of the Bears honey
put on one of the Bears my oh my bear
I didn't lady just got that fake mystery
you can't believe I did that Christmas
trees inside there is two seconds two
sides to everything laughs Santa you
want Santa bring your robot you know the
kids asked me this morning what they
said well mom
this is his concern when he wake when he
wakes up with Boston's number-one
concern today yeah was is Santa gonna
wear his shoes when he comes into the
house are you serious
I like you better Santa's gonna wear
booty covers what good boy you should
join up do you need some help
oh good I got some smaller ones but
during the performance he sat on the
bench amazingly well he behaved better
than any kid are you serious cuz he's
not in primary yet come here Boston sign
primary yet so he wasn't able to go up
on the stage but you did good dad said
I'm proud of you don't touch don't touch
you believe how
I mean he has been so soft with
everything look no don't touch don't
touch
oh yeah do you like it where's the tree
we're here at uncle Jeff's house for
Zachary's birthday and the kids are
playing polka man and getting everything
ready and they're I don't know what
they're doing exactly we'll just go down
a row Boston will not play unless mom's
with him well a mommy's boy
can you see yeah like ten times go fast
go fast go fast good oh oh you see good
think he was really nervous so he
elephants will show you around a lot
okay hey no you can probably see it up
together you can spin him a bunch of
times
My Mind's in the right way big spin spin
spin
nice dings turn your feet bud oh yeah
oh you did yeah good job good good good
good good idea hi baby
hello baby Boston was so dang shy when
we first got her and I saw her standing
in line with his bag of candy and he
looked at a kid next when he goes
wanna be my friend I'm a kid she does
yeah and locks my with torini goes he
goes my friend I'll just enjoy all the
candy I love birthday parties birthday
fighters are terrible when you're the
parent of the birthday folks cated oh
yeah they're the worst like birthday
parties are terrible but everybody else
I'm having a really good time
you want to buy it look come here
hey see anyone - you wanna bite it's not
a little bit hey Jonah white boy give me
kiss first you gotta give me a kiss
first look oh come here okay
you just put the ticket now give me
kisses yeah no give me concerns try and
find you yes that's all we wanted all
day today we have been going places and
we were like oh even your daughter over
there okay can I get one pinto bean
burrito earth first off crisp sorry this
one crisp meat burrito and two soft
tacos um Diet Coke bling one diet coke
with lime and one dr. pepper
so all day today we have we haven't
eaten yet like we have not eaten yet
today so we got a babysitter
we got a babysitter and we're on our way
over to LA naruto's and we're gonna get
in the hot tub with my parents my
parents are it's gonna be fun weird Hey
but either way really normal either way
we're gonna be an auto yes and we have a
babysitter so that's amazing that just
appeared
I'm very very excited I don't even know
what has made today fun but it's been
amazing
it's been a nice day we've been busy all
day so oh okay
every time we come through this
drive-through I think about my sister
Julie what are you gonna do about it
that is rich do you remember when we
sing the song at Julie's wedding we
crushed it we killed it I still think my
favorite version of this is Jessica
Simpson's cab to be a deaf dear you
didn't cheers cheers me getting the
frame you Joel
like often a mission like get your arm
push elbow
my-my-my see your elbow doing hmm this
is dinner table is it informal to put my
elbows up on the console who taught you
that shuttle did I stole up from you yes
careful my fault you already took a bite
I don't care what we do or I don't
matter what we do being with you when
being like the good is amazing mm-hmm
get that bit up your face for those of
you that have been around for a long
time we've actually closed the log doing
this exact same thing we were on a date
we went to Taco Time remember I don't
yeah I think it was two years ago around
Christmas time anyway I don't remember
which closet was do you know what bond
here for you put the link down below
I'll check it out hey we just got back
from hot tubbing and it was so relaxing
so nice it was so enjoyable just to like
have an enjoyable quiet conversation
with everybody it was a lot of fun I was
in the bathroom washing my face and Joel
comes in and he's like Bonnie your
birthday came early
oh my oh my gosh okay oh my go get the
camera he's like no we don't need to
record I'm like what is it and he showed
me the Tiffany box and I opened it and
it was seriously it was this awesome mug
and Joel totally didn't even buy it I'm
not sure how to pronounce your name so
mrs. Reid from New York said that any
time a friend comes to New York she buys
him a Tiffany bug and this is my
favorite moment ever ever ever had and
I'm going to use it every time I need a
mug you can tell it's a nice mug the way
it sits in your hand
anyway Fifth Avenue Madison and Fifth
Avenue Tiffany and company how sweet is
that
but we're ending the vlog here we are
going to send it to you guys jewels out
here making Dutch oven potatoes before
we go to bed we've had these cooking
because his parents are coming in
tomorrow to watch the kids in the
primary programs I'm so excited I'm so
excited yeah I'll be fine
tomorrow will be a good day today's but
don't you feel like there's been a
wonderful day Oh Tyson heavenly it's
been amazing and I'm going to sit right
here and show you the view
thanks for my pretty house very well
thank you for my pretty house and you're
welcome for the pretty decorations oh
they're beautiful
my favorite thing is the deer um that
was so sweet
actually I loved the tree the tree looks
like Lassie like one of those tree
auction ones yes and I seriously can't
take any of the credit for that Ashley
did all the peeking out and I said yes I
like that or no I don't like that and
then she made it work you just told her
that is what I like that is what I want
I'm excited to share our holidays with
you guys I'm excited to like record
everything and share it with you guys
I am I love looking my favorite videos
is looking back on the holiday videos I
love them and all of them like all of
them I just love looking back on these
videos thank you guys so much for
watching us I always talk to him like
why do people wanna watch as I don't
even know but I love it we have the best
job in the world we love you guys thank
you so much for watching
we're going out of town we are going out
of town and so we wanted to UM decorate
for Christmas so that when we leave and
when we come back it'll be Christmas
when we get back
but we're very excited for Thanksgiving
I don't know if you know this but
Bonnie's birthday is always on
Thanksgiving so there skip there's
enough skipping Thanksgiving know it's
not an option
we just prepare for it like yeah I don't
feel like we've drawn enough attention
to my birthday situation my birthday is
on Sunday and I'm turning 31 year old
mother than you yeah you are
okay can I give eyes hi guys
