good morning you guys the holidays are
upon us we have 12 months to prepare for
these amazing family packed fun-filled
several months and it's like why does it
come as a surprise every year we have 12
months to prepare every year anyway I am
so excited
my favorite time and I think I speak for
a lot of people when we say the best
time of the year is the holidays I love
Thanksgiving I love Christmas
I love the new year and then I love
having that like dormant stage before
spring this year I decided to put
together a really awesome list of gift
ideas
my kids are drying names with each other
I know some families draw names with
their cousins and so I thought I'd put
together just a few ideas that I
personally love I may or may not be
shopping on this list myself and I also
wanted to share how Jill and I do
shopping for each other we like to write
a detailed list out I write a list of
things that I need of things that I want
in detail where you can get them what
size what color and same for Joel I
would never just go out and buy him any
tool I need a model number I need the
store I can get it at I need the exact
size color shape because I don't want to
be buying the wrong things so we like to
make a big list and when we give it to
each other we say you come by one none
all but this is just kind of a guy I
know that the holidays are not all about
the gifts even though they're really
really awesome part of it too I love the
food of course I love the food I love
family I love the Christmas spirit I
love all of it so I will make sure to
leave in the description a link to a few
of my favorite things if you will and if
you guys have some really awesome
suggestions because I know you will for
gift-giving leave it in the comments
below thank you guys so much for
watching and Happy Holidays
