if you watch any Utah vlogger today
you're going to get a lot of snow
pictures of the yard and things the ad
every year the first snowfall the kids
are so excited and after go outside and
then you start trying on clothes and
it's like this doesn't fit I don't have
any boots and I'm like Keiko do you have
to wear Olivia snow pants if you want to
go outside and he's like oh no wearing
girls no it's look at his face ISA hey
they honestly look like a burnt red to
me so I was like yeah then I pass for
him when where I have to wear is sisters
on boots the only person that's got
their stuff right is little bottom way
too high he doesn't even have stuff does
he um oh no he has nothing do we have
those little bitty black pants still
oh yeah he does this boots not even fit
anymore either
oh boy so his boots from last year are
like he could probably wear a series
yeah I remember being pretty little
they're too small hey we just gotta get
we got to take him shopping the only one
that husband's Olivia's know and his no
I want to go shopping for new stuff I'm
not excited to pay for it
this stuff is a yes no crap is expensive
yeah and we've learned the week is that
one mm-hmm we've learned that we can't
buy cheap snow gear when the kids are in
this I mean because our kids play hard
in the snow and then where there's snow
pants
they take them with them to school every
day because they play in the snow at
school at recess so we have to buy good
stuff otherwise they're just wet and
miserable yeah it has to be good stuff
you can't wear the the old moon boots
I remember getting like a new pair of
those every year cuz we trash with my
dad bit I bought you snow boots last
year
yeah dad they're made of foam they they
wear out it's painful paying for a snow
mirror is painful but and then you just
get it give it away um our kids just
trashing our kids don't even like
they're not hand-me-down a ball look
Angela Girton
oh and if you're wondering this is a new
rub
I did get rid of layali you didn't get
rid of nothing yeah you're not were you
gone but he's like oh I'll just I'll
just sidestep out this is the softest
most comfy robe I'll put a link to it in
the description for you guys
he is the softest mocha this is the
softest most cuddly baby I'm gonna put a
link to how you make them in the
description
better not seems inappropriate hmm okay
they want to build a snowman so bad but
the snow is just powder it's not this is
not snow man making snow are you having
fun listen still go
oh my news engine you say Boston had
your you can pet your play hey you made
a cancel and the reading it good job and
my phone made us feel I don't worry
about it up it's fine it's good naughty
baby what you did all right person in a
row bicycle get it talk about a cheap
ride huh
if this is not paying your little
brother dude I don't know good job Cody
but I've been on the phone all morning
with my sisters I'm kind of like feeling
out the holidays what we're going to be
doing getting fun things on the calendar
and it's like I knew I needed to get the
boys haircut before Cody went to school
I didn't do that I knew I wanted to have
dinner like kind of cooked up them all
teddy c'mere honey I knew I wanted
oh he just want some more cereal I don't
know I just feel like there's so many
things that I've been like going over
and like emails and like family stuff
and joel has to get this stuff done like
he has to finish this up
huh Joel it's coming along though he's
doing really good think they look so
good I cannot wait for him to pay he
thinks he'll be able to paint today
anyway I've just got stuff all over the
floor like I just don't want to do
anything um I'm sure everyone has those
days it's just like yet um diaper needs
change kids needs change out of their
pajamas like I don't know I this is
gonna drive me nuts all winter but it's
fun
it shouldn't drive me nuts I shouldn't
drive me nuts it's like fine okay I'm
gonna make lunch
Joel you want turkey sandwich for lunch
yeah you do are you not a good mood
either well we're kind of not good moods
what's the matter he's just working he
won't even look at you you can you look
at everybody it's okay I don't look at
the camera when I don't want to either
yeah look that's what we were doing
great yeah see okay you're okay it's
okay no yeah thank you thank you
oh I'm sorry
mm I said don't ever do that to me again
Jules like hurry put the baby around
come all these um hello we've got
cupboards now we got a ding back off
long ago people in Panama some are these
ones already sanded I need to sand them
just a little just a little boy yeah oh
hey can you believe that like how long
have we been looking into this
you
your shoes off my jacket anymore do it
off
it take your shoes off
no Boston you don't need to take your
shoes off put your shoes back on
Cody is getting the cutest Cody of
getting the cutest cutest snow gear and
Cody loves it cause it's blue hair
anything blue Cody loves all right hey
sit down please
this is a really thin coat fuels hey
that looks better here than the last one
her than yours like a home it's so hot
in here
I'm sweating because of the price tag
does it because I have sweaty armpit you
know actually honey touch my armpits
like honestly don't sweat very much I
don't I never have okay but if your
armpits to sweat a lot I have the
perfect solution I'll put it in the
description below seriously yeah is this
Mac is zucchini and squash and I always
feel like zucchini and squashes sake
don't you Joel yeah this is not song
I'll see if Lincoln writer let's see
what thinking thinks he likes everything
now do you like it I did I did salt and
pepper and fresh parmesan over it and
then just a baked potato for delay
okay Boston's been crying and he says he
said because he likes the Snowman is
what he said to me I'm not really sure
what that means
did not melt a snowman yep we got home
from buying the kids snow beer and
that's what we wanted to do was play in
the snow so I would like to hear I would
like to hear best and worst parts of the
day wow you are loving it go ahead
I want to hear best and worst parts of
the day Cody what was the best part of
your day I'm playing games now okay
Olivia where's your favorite part of
today Beth - no is because um there's
like a football I'm like splat and I put
a whole bunch of snow one when I jumped
out my head there's no me hey Boston do
you have a best part of the day okay
Joel do you Telugu yeah I really enjoyed
you to do that how'd she know I have no
idea Olivia where'd you learn that
my teachers I'm not like that's what she
say that's the jeopardy theme section
okay
I'm you taking my favorite part of the
day Olivia just reminded me I wish I was
my worst part of the day Olivia and Cody
came in the door crying their heads off
because um Cody's head hit Olivia's two
front teeth and I was nervous they were
gonna go black and she was crying and
anyway so back to my favorite part of
the day my favorite part was when she
came in and she said guess what my
teacher played the flute today there's
crying it was so beautiful can you
believe that Joel um it totally makes
sense for Olivia yeah that's like I'm
sure I like that's exactly how I was
like I remember being that way I still
am lying on it okay Boston I bet you can
answer this one what's your worst part
of the day do you have a worst part of
today seeing snow in Oakley okay Cody
and Olivia do you guys have a worst part
of the day
my word bar one um my neighbor crazy DZ
mmm-hmm
who's yours Olivia playing in the snow
your worst part mom
I'm me my work car okay can you make you
break it and I don't want them to turn
black no I don't think they're going to
um dinner is wonderful
I don't do you think there's gum it's a
really good neck so bad because he just
keeps staring at a lot Callie oh do you
remember those days though when you were
little kid your Lincoln and just nothing
could satisfy you just tough yeah I feel
like there's an adult sometimes like oh
yeah I have yeah right over to this side
Cody's getting dressed you to come over
here let's get our teeth brushed in our
beautiful bathroom it still blows me
away every time I walk in here I don't
know maybe it's just does it feel so
good this bathroom has always been like
a basement bathroom well you guys kind
of suggested to put their toothbrushes
in like separate areas there's three
drawers in here so we have three
separate drawers for their toothbrushes
high prices because I hmm okay here hold
your toothbrush
watch mine too no come in here guys come
here Boston commuter what's in it
likewise Boston's all in here I was like
nah Lincoln got it okay that's just
weird
oh my alrighty well that's a sure way to
make a mess of the bathroom okay get
your teeth brushed we're gonna get our
teeth brushed we're gonna read and then
it is been by my favorite time of this
imagine I can watch TV and then make us
away Govan and they never little closely
I don't know what she just said
we usually Joe and I we've been watching
too while we've been watching to be done
here um I don't know it's kind of nice
because instead of being upstairs and
the kids running up a million times and
us coming down a body on a bed we just
make sure they stay in their beds
because we're right there so it's pretty
easy you guys are like in the teeth
brushing Olympics you are teeth brushing
Olympians teeth brushing Olympians
that's a good name okay you guys thanks
so much tomorrow bye
