I might not be a genius but I kind of
feel like this is a genius idea
I'm OD'ing bear yes I put a movie on for
the kids put the baby gate up so the I
can get ready joel is not busy this
morning and I need to get ready so there
you have it
yeah that's problem okay Lincoln Lincoln
hey sit still no no no no no no no no
hey no it's not moving Shh okay there
you go
hey should we do it again I know this is
just like a dog trip but okay it's fun
okay what wait get hmm good boy that's a
good boy that's a good Lincoln the only
thing missing is the cornucopia back
here you know I'm sure you guys have
seen this in the background I said the
bathroom was the last ticket to do know
forgot about this um you guys remember
the disaster that this room was all the
stuff in here oh yes sir thank you daddy
Oh dink okay oh I was holding the camera
so I didn't get to put him to be add
here's this pinkie oops oh shoot Oh
Frank
hey Joel is going to be refacing these
drawers and then we'll be done right
John sure when you do remodels there's
one problem with it that you get the
house or whatever you're remodeling back
to living capabilities and then there's
a lot of little things that go left cuz
you're like now we're fine but I've been
putting off these cabinets at the end of
the hall and I needed some help and I
needed some tools I have a lot of tools
but I needed some specialty tools for my
name so my neighbors going to help me
today and
we're gonna get these done hopefully and
he is a wood Smith he's a genius every
year he makes us like the most beautiful
wood things for Christmas they're
amazing and so I recruited him to help
me out and we're going to use his shop
but first I've got to get some prep work
done I've got to get all my boards cut
my new boards cut which I am doing right
now
and
oh hey Joel what are you doing with all
of that lumber I thought you already
made the cuts oh I did guys I did and
the cuts were good cuts are good the
faces are made but there's unforeseen
problems like any stinkin project and
I'm back at Lowe's again I'm pretty sure
they know me by first-name basis here
and I think I know the store better then
most of the employees I feel a little
bad about that but yeah I think I do but
I don't mind I don't mind a chance to
come down to the loo
look at him
oh don't be fit young boy
Lincoln where's mama Lincoln where's
mama hey Lincoln come here
hey yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah oh
come back here come back here little
mister can you run faster than Lincoln
yeah cuz uh is living here like your
school when she's done s school she'll
be back
hey Boston insisted that you will not
wipe this do not kill you in here Jerry
you a little a bit off this time
swear it music what does that mean I'm
do you promise do you just turn me in to
the police
Oh My heavens is that what that hand
motion was danger kneel and please when
I snap to you oh do it again thank you
please will you kiss the police oh
you're a girl right
I believe what okay he'll car near a
blue car got him ah bleep rocks okay
baby my car and you've got to walk their
car hey he's ready
others tank just you will you're a low
liar hmm oh you can't bet you're so nice
we all just got done eating peanut
butter and jelly sandwiches for lunch
peanut butter and honey actually I have
been trying to get a few things worked
on today I don't trust you I want it Oh
c'mere c'mere c'mere c'mere c'mere
that reminds me gosh oh yeah on Boston
scar it's been getting a little bit
darker lately and I asked my skin lady
which by the way the rash at least
cleared up I still have some like dudes
it's what I'm working on here can you
sit up and I want to see your alley
anyway I've been wondering I've been
wondering what to put on his little scar
and she gave me a mop I think it's like
I sure emu oil I like you you know I
don't want to pretend it makes me so sad
this is my kisses okay oh she gave me in
your oil to put on it and I'm hoping
that it will do well I remember when I
got a cut on my chin I put aa vitamin E
is there anything else that you guys
recommend putting on Boston scar besides
the emu oil and vitamin E is my knees
anyway if there's anything you guys um
have in mind let me know
ethos ones or Cody's and these ones are
yours and I'm not sure if we're gonna
keep them yet
oh yes you pick it you all bought
Lincoln no no no no no no no no
you're scaring me okay where's your
ducky go get you tuck you worked okay
look I see if these are gonna fit you
your waist is so skinny I got these was
from Carter
their new church pants see if we can get
up tighten up here we go no well boy
howdy those seem to do just fine can you
turn around and I'll see what they look
like behind
I guess we're facing the brook can you
stand up please stand up boy
those look so good yeah you're gonna be
the most handsome boy at church I think
I don't know Cody's going to be there
too and he's pretty handsome I don't
know they seem kind of short come here
see how they look short I don't think so
glass they after church no you guys I
don't know if I like these pants her
they're fun I hate shopping for clothes
actually I didn't love it I want them to
look so nice and sweet for the holidays
at at church but well I can't decide
can't decide if I like them or not it's
so easy when they're babies everything
fits I just don't like how big they are
like this is not cute laughing Oh cute
well I think you're cute either I can't
decide if I think they're cute or not
we'll see maybe we'll put the whole
outfit on and then we'll see oh well
I'll show you here I don't you don't
need to be playing with tape she was
show them what you hung on the wall for
me can you tell them what it says yes
Bastin will dis good bunny sure love it
I hate like this no I think there's
plenty of new packing tape on the wall I
think I think that's just fine um did
you add another one to the wall after I
told you to put the scissors and tape
away who's that one for ah nice
what does it say glass
I just need a name on it oh well what
does it say okay get your boots on and
the squat side and see what dad's doing
okay oh my god that's why I came in for
I'm gonna change your diaper
don't try to embarrass me out by through
I won't try to embarrass UK to close the
vlog we are gonna have Olivia do a
performance for us so take it away
Olivia howleen go ahead stead of
participation
do you guys hear quiet my houses right
now this feels so amazing that all the
kids are in bed I was really hoping that
Joel would be home with me tonight
because I have to tell you about
something and and I wanted him to be
here with me but he is out helping a
neighbor and he's been gone a lot longer
than I thought he would be he's helping
them with some tasks that they needed
help with so that's where he is um I got
all the kids in bed I wiped the floors
did the dishes and I've just basically
been waiting for him and I would like to
close the blog so um you guys know that
the kids and I have been really wanting
to go to Disneyland and and it's really
hard to know where to look for tickets
and we're the best
tickets are and as I've been looking at
a few different sites that I've learned
that there are only a handful of places
that are even allowed to sell Disney
tickets so as I've been looking into
what Park savers is going to be the
cheapest place and I'm pretty sure that
they are one of the only ones that are
even allowed to give discounted tickets
or at least the discount that they give
I know right now um if you bundle your
hotel and your tickets with Walt Disney
World
then I think it's like 78 dollars off
the tickets and so anyway um I contacted
them and I am going to be working with
Park savers in going
and I'm excited so I'll leave their
information below I'd go word don't tell
them don't tell my kids because it's a
surprise I'm wishing Joel was here but
he's doing good he's helping others I
got the house to bed and now I am gonna
get ready for bed myself
let me guys bye
