Joel went and got my box of treasures
and goodies and we've been going through
this this morning this is not a good
thing
Josie and me whatever you're such a lot
of pictures of other boys stuff in here
is from you I'm going over to Ellie's
and we're filming a I don't know we're
gonna title it yet but we're reading
journal entries from our old journals
it's gonna be so funny it's gonna be so
cute oh I didn't have anything to say
that's thank you could you render a
speech to this one oh you're an idiot
okay
something that was super cute in here
look at those little Barbie shoes that I
can't oh this is a little calendar that
Joel got me when he was on his mission I
sent this home just before I got home
with my mission and look what I did I
didn't realize I did this I wrote
birthdays Bonnie's November 27th Joel's
January 31st dates to remember I says
we'll talk about a new one
what August 8th the day we met and I'm
sure check this out elzar Helene comes
home March 15 first date with Bonnie
I'll pick you up oh my gosh can you guys
to hear why I was just like the 26th of
May getting married anyways our
honeymoon was so fun these were some of
my friends from high school one of them
was not Shelly might kill me for showing
this picture frame no no you saw that
dress oh my god yeah that was my
favorite dress in the world I was less
cool I bought it from Dillard's I went
home and my mom's like where'd you keep
that dress I was like oh my friend Chris
they gave it to me oh hi ah we both look
like dorks in this picture but
the slender handsome man this show me me
too me too
it's truly a shame that she doesn't wear
those so who's the guy's face you
scratched out that's not mine is it oh
no and I will not say who he is
these were my drama friends I loved
drama and apparently I love tanning beds
Lyndsey was my very first best friend
ever and I love her to this hey that
handsome guy oh you and your puka shell
that's right you don't have puka shells
you are nobody this is my choir trip to
Seattle thought I was gonna marry Casey
Ashby these were like our engagement
pictures there's another engagement shot
and another one I feel like we don't
need this book anymore and we'll just
end on that one yeah
last one basketball babes like the only
sport I ever played the end maybe Joel
shouldn't look at this picture um why is
my face scratched I know why his is why
is mine
see I went from engagement pictures to
stabbing him and crossing his face out
probably cuz he was dating Christie at
the time I don't know why I stabbed your
face though this is a good Valentine
dance everyone came over to my house
after hey Laurie throw nuts downtown no
y-you can't have those those are for
naptime and bedtime only you guys
remember when we talked about ugly bangs
why did you do that I couldn't handle an
inroad they were just every time I'd
sweat and I don't know if you know how
much I sweat when I work out my hair was
down to here in my eyes and then sweat
just drips off and instead of being like
hey bun please give me a haircut
he took the liberty of doing it himself
I literally could hurt you he said that
he was gonna do it just above his
eyebrows I'm like did you do it with
your hair wet he's like yeah I'm like
yeah it drives and shrinks I did not
know that he was so mad at you
this is probably one of my favorite days
of the entire year we're going into my
Valentines for the kids classrooms who's
more excited me or you probably me oh
thank you
let's see your hair real quick Cody
asked for some steps in his hair so
that's what we did do you like are they
pretty cool he's playing it very clear
right now he's very excited earlier I
don't see any minion ones Cody there are
Ninja Turtle ones that's okay what kind
do you want something that's Girl AM
boyish girl no I would just pick one
that you can give to everyone because
you're gonna get girl and boy ones
they're gonna get girl and boy ones why
don't you pop drones
yeah good one so so it's more than 25
they come with 32 scented tattoos that's
really cool okay ones you can't okay you
can do those ones and they have tattoos
in them so there's 16 Valentines yes
there are 28 27 people in my class so if
you just get 2 packages you'll have
plenty Kody's thinking gum bubble gum so
we'll see if there you have a package
Cody I don't think I see any honey how
could there not be like a package of
like bubble gum is this what you're
thinking yes I'll let you eat one while
you do your Valentines
all right Olivia wants to do kool-aid oh
this is a cute one
this has 12 that would be 24 and you can
just get one another box cuz that'll be
playable
I just learned something absolutely
devastating and I asked Cody if it was
okay if we talked about this and he
reluctantly said yes why didn't you tell
me you had a girlfriend when did this
happen
I started it what how did you ask her
what happened what happened just tell me
I was talking about it if my friend
identity told him they asked her have
you kissed her now have you hugged her
do you hold her hand are you gonna give
her two pieces of local gum on our car
you want me to help you take your gum on
there for you or do you want to do that
you of it
you gotta put on so stays
she has red hair
yeah Kodak me and tell me you had a
girlfriend oh I guess it's just me and
you left we were listening to mallanna
on my phone but I pulled the camera out
so I had to turn it off because well
copyright Mama's drying the dishes and
this is what I usually do with little
kids about your size I'd love to get
into every teen shoes are downstairs
after we just had dinner I'm drying the
dishes and I just thought they could use
some play time instead of making him
help me do the dishes so you're just
downstairs and I'm gonna end the night
drying the dishes with my little loop in
your friend Ilana backbone and listen to
it you do see that every time Boston
passes me he slapped my butt why do you
do that he always there is not a ghost
in there a nice one maybe what I think
the blog is over I have a butt to wipe
and he has a ghost to find I have to say
good night guys
