why do you like that story monkey huh
cuz why we gave it to you
hey where'd you give him he'll grab saw
falling mm-hmm come on you thinking
good morning Winkie Oh bunk
good morning he's that funny it's good
money I see you and you scare me
here's you do oh wait are you scaling
what happened
well hoppin reminder Hey
Oh everything's good glad to read resume
jumping you're acting like you want me
to get you out of the crib but I don't
funny you act like you've been did you
smell your diaper did you smell your dad
did you get a whiff of your diaper
follow Oh Lincoln you're being gross
life is rough isn't it we are here at
Sam's tub and I have got a bone to pick
this is the like third time I've been
Sam stuff and I've been profiled like
other people are walking past me is like
sir I need to see your stance Club guard
okay and I'll pull it out whatever it
doesn't matter but like why are you
bugging me and everybody else is walking
away and then then a lady when we were
we were shopping and Olivia threw
something else in the car after we had
stuff which I don't know how to happen
anyway but anyway so there was an uneven
amount and we were like oh yeah we
didn't buy that so when we were walking
out I was like oh we didn't buy that so
you can have it back anyway she's like I
need your Sam's Club card number and a
near your license number and she had
wrote all that information down like
well-being profile is a criminal is a
criminal face about to do some criminal
activities I have no idea but every time
I hit profile here it bugs the crap out
of me is like they look young they look
old
they look mischievous I think we look
handsome today let me see your outfit
but show me yeah yeah look at him he's
looking sharp the camera doesn't really
do it justice I feel like I'm looking
sharp
got some new jeans on yeah what you
wanna get that beautiful thing for
Olivia that's nice of you to think of
her yes we pulled up and Cody said mama
look that's 100 I am so proud of you
that is 100 you are getting so smart in
kindergarten what taught me 100 is a one
and A zero A zero yes so if this thing
doesn't look familiar
I was here yesterday and I am bringing
Cody here today because he has a little
wart that we got to get removed hon Cody
are you nervous I kind of and he's grown
up me and Molly in the class
paper passers-by a juggler did you hear
the red one is the once when Murray big
words bigger kids please my class take
your shoes in your pants off and then
we'll hop up on that table okay put your
monkey up on the table when I was
younger went perfect that was a great
place for it hi all right well that
turned into be very a very uneventful um
doctor visit they decided not to freeze
it off just because it is maybe more
painful than I remember
okay the guy that walked in the PA that
walked in his name is James and I used
to work with him and I loved him and I
loved his wife um anyway so I got like
all sorts of excited and like gave him a
big old hug I think he was like I didn't
like you anyway it was really good to
see him I feel silly that I brought Cody
in for this little teeny-tiny wart oh he
already has his pants on I didn't show
you guys the wart this is a terrible
vlog anyway when I was little I had tons
of warts Mike tight hands were covered
in warts my brother Bo had them on his
elbow Ellie had them really bad on her
hands they were really bad in her hands
and I used to have a war I don't really
want to get too close because my skin my
skin is still like having this like
reaction anyway so I'm gonna make up on
it but I used to have a hit or in my
nose and people used to call me a witch
or warty little traumatizing so the
second I saw is war I was like we're
taking you in we're getting it burned
off and they we didn't even burn up can
you do nothing
he really wants a glove okay one of
these I bet they're not gonna care he
wants a glove will would take a small
one and a medium one will take two
gloves he really wants to blow him up
and like tie him and have a chicken one
anyway
sounds like Joel and Joel getting
tickled Oh tough guy for the camera I
told you you always fake it when I try
to tickle you and you I hate getting
tickle I hate um we have a game come
here please no you're not playing again
get over here just will go away get over
here yeah
wait hot McGrath is going lay down
like Joel you have to do it I tell you
awesome okay gotta find me a good stand
here I get said the camera up Lincoln's
gonna ruin everything
oh this is perfect Lincoln you're gonna
ruin it yeah hold on
I'm trying to put it on the tray table
now do you remember any of the bedroom
when you're acting like such a tough guy
no Lincoln you are gonna ruin everything
go away you do you remember what a tough
guy he was acting and now he's acting
like he's so ticklish no it is it is it
are you a tough guy are you a tough guy
or are you ticklish I'm very ticklish
okay think okay you have to do at your
school though hey Joel do you I'm just
the guy if you need a copy again okay
okay permission to come very applicant
I'm done just put a lovely selection
open your arms I'm not even touching you
I'm not even touching you yeah like yes
idiot like Joel do it
open your arms I could seriously kill
him open your arms
wowie hurry up open your arms no both of
them put them behind your head for Jessa
pitcher yes you can
Oh put your hands behind your head right
now okay flatten your arms are you
muscle snoopers excited okay see this is
why I think you're facing it because no
I don't want to try tickling you
he was such a tough guy cuz I
immediately tried to knock down my are
you really
he became like steel hahaha yeah I
honestly don't know if I just do it I'm
not gonna go crazy on you you get like
one second I'm not even gonna tickle you
I'm not even tickle you just do it lift
your arms up I'm not look look my hands
are not your friend of you come on this
is oh this is so hard sweating so
profusely Rick yeah I don't want to
hurry up huh picture okay look I'm not
even drunk oh my gosh I'm not even like
oh it's the word jr. I can't I can't
okay
one arm can be on your chest now I'm not
gonna tickle you all I'm gonna do I'm
gonna reach my hand forward I'm not
gonna touch you look okay move your hand
okay
I'm going to place my finger on your
armpit that's bad idea I'm not gonna
tickle you it doesn't matter it doesn't
you got one second or I'm done look okay
look see oh he's such a spaz oh you're
Freddie okay okay nice way look
nothing's I'm just gonna place my oh my
god I'm just gonna place my palm on your
armpit
lift your arm up okay now I want to
tickle for one second okay very very
okay les you're very okay well last
thing this is the last thing and then
we'll be done okay
no chairman physically to lift your arm
up oh okay are you ready no close your
eyes just so you guys know Bonnie does
not down see you ticklish I'm sitting in
tickling you it's not even funny you're
not even what having left your armpit so
I can tickle your armpits prove to you
that you're not really ticklish I'm so
happy
excuse me excuse me hmm
don't put your arm down and you'll
crunch my fingernails look I don't care
cuz your biceps will crunch that's the
richer's way is so wetting come here
you conquered your fears not conquered
it still there oh no it's not you did
exact do I you should laugh you think
you should hey tomorrow will exploit
Barney's fears your back is wet I know I
know this like is and I'm wearing like
an undershirt - oh good job I can just
hear the comments bonnie is like
so mean so injured george'll you're a
car no um I want to physically hurt you
over deleting my memory card some
subscribers do - yeah um let me out
yep in true journey cameras I kiss you
for dinner tonight we're doing pulled
pork barbecue tacos I think that sounds
kind of good I've been trying to make
like homemade meals we've been trying
not to go out as much because it's the
holiday season
and I really don't want to pack all the
world
oh oh and don't worry about that Matt
does that doesn't matter that doesn't um
actually count so you go okay so it's
speaking of the holidays my friend Malia
do you guys remember I did a video with
her
I'll put it where on her channel she is
doing a Christmas giveaway she wants to
pay for someone's entire Christmas
it is literally she's giving away $1500
so it's pretty awesome giveaway um I
just saw it and I thought I would share
it with you guys I'm gonna put the link
to that video down below and she'll tell
you how to enter I don't know about you
guys but I am freaking out about the
holidays um not even freaking out but I
can't believe they're here I can't
believe that cross Thanksgiving is next
week you guys I think it's the weather I
think because I can come outside and not
freeze my stinking butt off um it's not
it's like I don't know I think it oh
come on camera adjust to the light
please oh that is kind of good lighting
up washes out my red Raschi skin okay
sorry okay um go check out that video
because I think it would be a really
great opportunity for any family to be
able to win such an awesome giveaway I
completely
underestimated those tacos yo see that
little man right there and then he ate -
yeah he did did you eat two tacos
did you eat two tacos I got that Lincoln
in his mobile and he's late so patiently
because it's been a busy day
thank you guys so much for watching
we're off to piano lesson so we'll see
you guys tomorrow
I love you hi um do you know what I need
a tip cavity
