good morning you guys it is crisp and
cool out here but it feels amazing it's
Monday morning and I am off to the
dermatologist and not for the skin
issues because I still have some in
seriously I'm having like an allergic
reaction to some medication but my
dermatology lady put me on but I have
been doing laser hair removal and this
is my last appointment you go through a
series of like nine ish um treatments
and these guys are in a new building
I've been coming to Rocky Mountain
dermatology
they're in a new building I've been
going to their old building the whole
time this is my last appointment and now
I get to go in their new one man I feel
disappointed I didn't get to come in
here the whole time this is super cute
super nice though this is not a
sponsorship I'm just showing you what
I'm doing okay I must have been on the
wrong side because this is the site that
does it and this is even more cozy oh
look that mirror yes I'm waiting for my
lady and the cutest little girl was out
in the waiting area and she was three
and she was crying and I purposely kept
her out of the frame when I was showing
you the lobby because I you know her mom
might not want her on YouTube and I sat
by her and I was like your mom's almost
done I bet I'm like how old are you and
we were talking about Christmas and she
said she wants a teddy bear for
Christmas so Santa that cute little girl
in the waiting area needs a teddy bear
she gave me this squeezy ball which is
amazing and we're gonna do the armpits
first and this one doesn't hurt near as
bad so it just kind of there's like a
little suction thing that she does okay
maybe it does hurt and see that was like
really quick that doesn't take long at
all actually and if anyone's wondering
it seriously does work and this is how
many treatments do you do do you
remember like the packet this package
today oh so this has been this is my
sixth appointment and when I shaved this
morning it was the first time I had
shaved in like several weeks and there
was no hair okay this little one that
like spa treats is
more painful I've heard it being
referred to as like a rubberband looking
a hot hot room man yeah okay that is a
little bit better Julie I don't know
about all areas but here where I live
and it was much cheaper this process was
much cheaper than I would have thought
the change of seasons is upon us and you
know how I know not from the leaves
changing not from the produce being
harvested
it's from this well that's the sign um
it's very true sticking out of my nose
rude it is true though Bonnie gets
punished really susceptible to run or
love you know the bloody noses do you
remember when I made us miss our flight
on our honeymoon because of this little
ditty best honeymoon ever huh what were
you thinking eating like a little piggy
in your plate was it just fun I'm pretty
sure if someone saw you on the streets
they would think you were a little
homeless person that likes to watch enj
videos I think you've had this outfit on
for like three days now do you just like
wearing your jammies I know these ones
yes he has been obsessed with this and
this is what he picks to wear huh a
little change from laying off the pants
for it oh we gotta find it after we wash
your face focus on your face but focus
on man you should get some more okay
don't stretch your shirt out do your
kids do that they like tug and pull out
all their clothes I'm constantly telling
my kids yours ah yeah
and he keeps doing this he goes and he
washes his face comes over makes a
little piggy mess goes over washes his
face oh no you are not going to get a
clean rag to do that with climb up on
the sink and rinse your mouth don't hit
yourself cause you're mad no no no
Lincoln no no no no I know what you're
doing I know what you're trying to do
huh no no no no no no no I see you Tony
you are going to be my taste tester for
the last week Cody's been saying I want
Rancho a ranch with my carrots when he
comes home for a snack and I haven't had
any but I remembered that I had a ranch
packet and some Greek yogurt and some
Greek yogurt and I want you to tell me
what you think glad we got to get more
than that I'm very much it's super good
that is so good we think you like that
yeah it tastes the same doesn't it did
you see him get his hug he wants another
grape and he wasn't getting it fast
enough
no I know people like if you don't want
Angela I don't laugh when the girl is
not on but like one because yes it's Q
and to look either
will you please give it a great Achilles
you like the bathroom skills have done
does taking all day long I know I'm not
saying anything wrong with it oh you're
taking forever I'm just saying like my
gosh like you run into so much that it
takes
there's a reason if James McEntire here
to do our house yes I would just like to
say what is that smell that's probably a
box you can see oh yeah it smells like
cream okay okay to see how okay like
wanna link him Lincoln no more
don't hit okay look now stop I was
Lincoln don't hit don't hit I know
that's what Mommy does what she won't
stop that you can't do it either
oh that's a great don't hit don't hit
okay you guys stand up Boston stand up
stand up
I put his brand new pants on him and he
went downstairs and changed he took oh
oh he went downstairs took his pants up
and put his sweats on you little punk I
know and they're inside out what goofy
boy she's so here you are sweetie I
missed you all day today when you're at
school yes of course I miss you too
yesterday we had our fisher-price toys
out our old ones and I have a move on
the shelf and this is Joel's old tractor
from when he was a little boy and he
said that if the tractor came and it
didn't have a trailer he wanted nothing
to do with it
he even has some old Oh like toy trucks
that he has that he drilled a hole in it
him
because he had a trailer that could fit
it so buddy Olivia you used to do stuff
like that all the time I would find
little evidences of your existence and
it made me laugh but what I feel like
I'm stable not on the table now Boston
you climbed up and didn't ask to get
that so don't climb up there again okay
without asking well class today we are
putting all the plumbing together for
the sink so we have to cut these pipes
or the pipe cutter water that I thought
Oh
I honestly don't know how plumbers work
in these tight quarters this is awful
this part is really gross i'm uncapping
the sewer line that we have to like
drain into and I can just even just
break you this loose I can just smell it
see myself in this room
can you do it Lincoln hey do it again
oh my god hey you two lovebirds you
wanna come see your new bathroom okay
okay oh my gosh okay well yes that's
what I wanted to show you guys these
kids have been living without a bathroom
for a year now no they not a bathroom
we've just been sharing ours well yeah
they've been using this one it just has
been very much under construction for a
year now we started the basement um
almost a year ago next month
hold on yes not a year ago a year ago we
worked out his bathroom Jared and
mu'minin' health and it's been there for
a long time they have not had a Cinco
they're all drinking out of them July's
worked on this all day long and I think
everything in here is beautiful we
picked out the light let's show
everybody look I think the faucet is
pretty this is pretty I love the color
of the walls the towels match really
well Julie my sister was like um I
haven't seen the bathroom she's like I
didn't realize that it was like done I
do think it'd be really cute to have
some sort of pictures of the kids
the fair but I'm not even thinking about
anything like that I'm just happy that
it's done I think the countertop is
beautiful that's very hot
we love this color we love like this
mint like green turquoise II this is
like grandma Kerrigan Color Me so
excited it's done this was the last
piece to the puzzle the last of it make
it outta here now let's go eat and go to
bed before we go any further and today I
have a confession to make and Bonnie
already knows but I want to explain it
so do you guys understand how good
Bonnie really is to me his earlier today
I was recording the bathroom and I
formatted a card thinking it was okay
bad idea I erased eight hours worth of
work Bonnie did for a beauty segment and
I felt offer about it I don't know if it
was eight hours it had my hair tutorial
and my makeup tutorial that I recorded
that literally took eight hours not
eight hours it was more like four ish
for four ish hours I don't really took
all day but it was a good day I don't
know I I didn't know whether to cry
punch a wall I don't know I'm like I'm
really doing that like I can't redo that
I don't know didn't want to get dressed
up again so we'll see if I end up doing
um those tutorials again I feel really
sad I feel sick that they got oh yeah
and I've told him I'm like don't ever
erase memory cards and he just got
overzealous because he has been helping
me totally assumed I knew it was on the
card until just like oh you having some
of those that's okay it's not the end of
the world okay you guys can you say good
night to everybody
go dear Henry hold me that you have a
great day tomorrow
you're so cheesy you the best day ever
so you
you're so cheesy okay good night guys
thank you so much for watching our
videos we love and appreciate you see
you tomorrow bye
