Lincoln thinks he's helping the guys in
the bathroom keeps going over there ones
like are you a big helper are you big
helper he said yes did he Wow I don't
feel like dragging the entire trailer
down to the dump put all these bags
there's one two three four five six
seven of them are going in the car here
your seat belt on bud
look at that she's a beaut
she is full perfectly safe car has
airbags now doing okay Boston
you doing okay okay
now you got plenty of room back there I
don't know what you're talking about
this is great
here's your busted if you your cookies
spraying hey but that's not my car get
over here
okay get all that dirt off where you
stopped it
yeah
it is Saturday night and I have been
telling myself all day I'm not vlogging
today I am NOT vlogging today I'm not
blogging too because and I don't want to
say because I look terrible because I
know that you guys know me you love me I
look good with makeup I look fine
without it
um but I don't feel well I'm really red
because I just woke up from like how
long was I sleeping for I need a little
time
you know I feel guilty as heck and this
is why I've been crying man tell you why
I cry so um Joel chick hair we put the
viewfinder down it's driving me nuts
yeah I'm scared of you um Oh what am I
saying was I saying what's the saying
okay I went to the mall
and I met a handful of people like more
than I normally do when I'm going into
town anyway I loved everybody
I loved all of you the super spunky girl
at Victoria's Secret
the cashier at her burgers and the shy
boy and his mom at the pretzel maker I
loved meeting them nobody cared that I
was like sick and tired and like kind of
in a bad mood but they put me in a
bedroom anyway Joel went to Lowe's and
he ran into the same girl that I ran
into angels actually met her before and
we knew we have a common person in our
lives
Amy the kids have been so cute and I
feel and oh yeah Jo so I came home took
a nap Joel's been watching the kids and
I okay I don't have a point to this I
don't have a point
I can't gather my thoughts Joel's
looking at me like um Europe spaz are
you driving our subscribers - okay um
Joel's been making brownies with the
kids and I just he let me sleep I know
you've been sick but he I feel like this
time around you being sick you haven't
even been able to be sick you just
caught him with your foot that's what I
do you just fell off the stool cuz boy
pulling it oh my gosh she's getting
fatter that's not ice cream
thank you although I could go for a
Dairy Queen Brown better you have not
been able to be sick and I I feel like
he's been attending to me and you I know
what two people said and I read it they
were like joel is so amazing and I Nev
know that you were amazing
oh yeah what am i brownie batter oh my
god look that's like you can't show that
in your mouth I'm sorry I want to have a
tender moment with you but it's okay I'm
just gonna cry I'm even away right if
you spill that somebody will die anyway
I'm just really grateful for you you
just had a live Boston are you kidding
me get your face there okay okay now
that Bonnie's poured her heart out to
you guys I want to say that if you could
see Bonnie behind the scenes you would
know exactly why I want to keep her
happy
you aren't happy yes
good thank you I have one question for
you
Hey look at me look at me
Wow are these plastic how those are
those plastic look old yeah I remember
one of the points I wanted to be doing
all around like I went to the mall and I
was like oh I don't want to go to the
mall without like putting makeup on yet
I got on camera I have 400,000
subscribers that could potentially see
me and it's like oh my gosh I can vlog
but I can't
go to the mall that has like 50 people
anyway just kind of feel like it's
ironic oh hey it was packed today
compared to other what yeah it's the
holiday season what did you dickory dock
and dicker duck
don't forget oh no no don't forget to
hang up your soft I need to figure out
where we're gonna hang stockings Joel
because I don't want them hanging from
here because Lincoln is I don't want him
well I wasn't gonna say awful obviously
I don't want him to pull them down
that's I've never wanted the weight at
once where we've had little kids they
will grab you well and I don't want him
to pull the weight off and like have it
split their face open I just thought of
it what genius II what are you ready for
this you ready your minds gonna be blown
I'm gonna kick you Oh
magnets we'll just put a little magnet
on in the like sock you magnetized him
to all that this is all steel but so I
thought of somehow connecting them right
here I don't we were going to use the
fireplace I want the fireplace to be on
you know what I mean that's gonna burn
Santa is there a way that we can adhere
them somehow like somehow connect them
like two here and two here for each kid
I think these kid well one thing it kid
I'm fooling on tonight ladies and
gentlemen apparently I don't know we'll
have to really look at that because I
think what would you wear would you guys
put our stockings some at all on the
east side what I know I'm sorry I'm
sorry
Fleur I was kind of kind of thinking
like right here would be like if I put
like some sort of like a little shelf or
something with like and some holes in
our wall great hey you can patch
anything right RL oh I think we should
pull these out and put twins bake
poinsettias
hey do your dance do your dance dude
it's not a dance song I'll finish
cooking Olivia come show them your new
bathroom
come this way darlings all right you
guys have seen the floor in here okay
use your toilet yeah so we have these
little hooks Joel got this painted a
Leyden car we got a new shower Corrine
the towels are like the same colors the
wall and I love that so here is this the
cabinet was put in when our kitchen
counters got put in and we finally have
this top if he's not hit it smells
disgusting I don't think I'm gonna smell
in there um they this is the third
countertop that they brought in so they
brought the first one and the sink was
too big so the regular size sink came
over two more inches but the cabinet
couldn't fit it in so they had to take
it back and then when they brought the
second one they put these holes right
here and then they went home and he was
like I will make this right to you today
so they showed up just a couple hours
ago with this and this is a port what
are you doing baby boy this is a quartz
did I believe it's called um silver
shimmer is what it is or iced galaxy one
of the two okay I love it a lot I think
it's really pretty down here um we're
gonna get the things in the mirror and
all that stuff
once the caulking is dry and the like
adhesive is dry so anyway pretty fun so
we really didn't vlog our activities
this weekend because I really just
wanted to be with the family and you
wouldn't think that like vlogging would
really interfere you just pull the
camera and do it but it kind of does um
it's
at least my takes my focus rocks I'm not
thinking how I'm going to edit this or
like you know whatever um I just it was
really important to me just to like be
focused on my family this weekend so um
this is Monday for you guys so let's
start our week fresh I'm gonna try and
really start my week fresh I feel like
I've been really groggy and lazy and um
sick so we're going to start fresh this
week happy Monday I will see you guys
tomorrow
we love you bye no dancing to this
beeper no more dancing this beeper we
don't dance in this house stop it you
stopped
okay now you no more dancing
