good morning everybody we are dropping
the suburban off today at the detail
shop every single fall and spring I get
the suburban or whatever vehicle
whatever's I get it washed and waxed and
clay barred so it protects it from the
salt we get a lot of salt here and we
get a lot of salt here in Utah and it is
awful our cars and I'm really possessive
of the vehicles we own and today I have
the kids coming with me
busting go
go go go go go
yay and I have little Lincoln with me oh
yeah we are a little bit bundled up it's
a little cool but as soon as the Sun
crest that mountain over there to have
beautiful sunlight we're gonna have a
nice warm day so we're gonna take the
city bus for fun because Logan has a
free bus system anybody can get on at
any time for free it's kind of fun and
we're going to take that take the kids
for ride and they're gonna love it and
Bonnie is at home getting ready maybe
we'll go find some food huh
we've got made it to our bus stop and we
are ready to go for a little ride and
they said the bus will be here in five
minutes and that was like two minutes
ago code so only like three minutes now
only like three minutes
Boston's having a really hard time I had
to pick up the scooters and put them on
the stroller and what does it matter but
I don't want to hold you I've been
carrying you the whole time he's been on
my shoulder he's been on my shoulders
most of the time so far so Oh
oh boy you're really tired anything that
big dumb smile off his face okay
Lincoln's not happy right here cars our
bus yay okay let's get on guys let's go
get on the bus
oh my gosh this is so exciting
well how are we gonna know when to get
off are you gonna tell me now oh what's
that yellow cord do
let me get off huh good job we're not
getting off them more give it a good
boat Oh
that was a lot of fun Gian on the bus
did you like the bus so far do I get on
the bus when I get on another one a
green one
well we'll see which one we get I don't
know what it is but no matter what I do
lately if I am NOT like driving the
vehicle or whatnot or in the very front
seat I get so sick I am very nauseous
right now at that bus stop I feel like I
just went to lagoon like some amusement
park drive Bonnie's gonna think I'm such
a whisk oh I don't know what it is I
just get so sick from driving on stuff
and just the sway and moving booth
that's why that's why it's really fun
the subways in New York weren't even
this patch on my bus looks like one
person gets on
two to four and hip
I bet more people are getting on but a
little bit they're all going to get off
pretty quick there we go
who's worked before okay here we go
and just as strange as he came he left
the same you are a two-person effort
when you wake up from your nap oh he's
being so good
oh whoa you do that again flu nope all
the other one-year-old you're gonna be
so jealous okay okay Oh blow your nose
ha um Lincoln all the other one-year-old
you're gonna be so jealous that you know
how to blow your nose and they don't I'm
so proud of you look at that tongue
you're the only one with a long tongue
around here cuz we got it snipped yeah
did you not yeah dad's getting the
stinky end and I'm getting the Q dead um
I don't know your bums crazy okay okay
okay okay
huh who's that who that who that who
that who that Colin you thought I was
gonna sing the real words didn't just
nervous so give me this Mickey Mouse
birthday Oh Mickey Mouse Clubhouse
birthday March bad bad and um if you're
against me she's brown and oh he gave it
to me cuz he's my friend
friend and someone else is gonna give me
a remote-control blue all blue and green
polka dots okay Tony
home with like things that his friends
have given him oh you asked for them no
some toys to top really what you've been
giving up well I gave someone when they
contrast Molly up and kikuno and was it
given more your contracts you goofy well
I have more that recess okay I gotta
tell you what kids were okay and I'll
show you kids what we're doing today you
are going to have a babysitter
Paquita my friend Corey Clarissa is
going to come and babysit you and it's a
reason she's gonna come baby to do is
because me and dad have a special
YouTube dinner that we are going to and
I am so excited because it's going to be
at aunt Ellie's house and there's gonna
be lots and lots of cool cable dinner
grandpa
I think is coming up to this little
dinner as well so we have to get your
room clean because grandma said the
grandpa might stay the night here oh
okay we'll see we'll see
do you guys remember yesterday when I
said oh I don't really have a cleaning
routine it's just whenever no no I take
that back
cleaning and all the cleaning happens in
like ten minutes when you find out mom
and dad are coming so I've got I've got
something to do we're gonna clean
Olivia's room because I think that's
where grandpa - wait clean I like I like
not teeth like not like right down the
little yes we have to take down your
like stuff that you've done in there
we're going to go in and get a clean
clean clean for grandpa and the toilet
there's never clean the toilet dowser so
let's go got work to do so we gotta get
some work to do I probably should have
shown you the before but when I found
out that my parents were coming there
was no time for recording um we got the
room clean vacuumed and I'm pretty sure
the sheets are clean I hope so I even
switched out my nice pillows um to put
on here so that my mom and dad have some
nice pillows I know I get a little crazy
with not necessarily company but my
parents is comfy I just want to like
perfect for them do you know what I mean
so for the majority of today that's what
we've been doing is just like giving
money I filmed a tutorial on this makeup
look and this hair so hopefully you guys
will look forward to those videos I'm
not exactly sure where I'm going to post
it but I'll posting soon um you know
that I'm excited and ready for a good
time when I put on the jumpsuit Oh what
happened
we did a child a child is gone
that's what happened no don't hit when
you're mad don't hit when you're mad do
that I don't even know what he wants I
don't think he knows I think that it is
he just hit himself again you guys I
think it is so sweet the Ellie invited
us to her YouTube dinner party because I
mean yes we are youtubers as well but
she very easily could have felt like oh
I don't want to invite my siblings
because my brother's coming my other
room sister Ruby is coming Julie would
be coming if she was in town but she is
not and us she very easily could have
been like I don't want my siblings there
at my cool YouTube party but she invited
us and I feel really excited
the reason the part is cool
I'm giddy I'm excited to see like these
cool people that you watch on YouTube
and just go to a party with all of them
there so I'm excited everybody singing
at the party but Renzi's is not singing
at the party I'm not exactly sure how
the mannequin challenge works that
American challenge and of course not
over here in the corner but we're all
here at Elias okay we got to think of a
pose okay everybody has left now
basically got everybody there's still
something there's still some three
players here but it's like we live in
every Church here I just can't bring my
camera but basically everyone has
president you didn't have a lot of fun
anyway I'll post a picture on Instagram
of all the cute people that have been
taking pictures with yo your phone right
now everybody's on the babysitter has it
this is what it's okay
: if this isn't the most like the
situation you've ever had so cool it's
like hey what's your Instagram you don't
have this scrim you don't have twitter
Bryant on no Joel doesn't have social
media it's the channel which children
funny holy what's this technology you
guys are talking of it's okay honey
Carl and ginger brought Thea Elizabeth
virtual Samsung gear VR it's just a yep
virtual reality using a cell phone
Jill is having all sorts of and
literally tonight see that camera he's
holding it's the same camera I'm using
there were like everybody canon g7x
spiritual um we are back we just left
Elaine Jared's that was such a fun party
if there are any I know I didn't do a
whole lot of walking there I will list
in my description all the really fun
vlog channels and in the description so
make sure you go check those guys out
you can see us in their footage kind of
fun : scared the crap out of me I don't
know if it's going to be appropriate to
go on his channel so you might not see
it that way
it might be there I may make an
appearance I'm not really sure if I get
edited out anyway
so I've got my mom and my dad here cuz
tomorrow these two are going for
wheeling and then mom's just gonna hit
the road some dad for me tomorrow
exactly you better be safe um thank you
guys so much for watching we love you
guys and we'll see you guys Monday bye
