come here why do you think that Santa
Claus is going to bring you nothing you
were naughty what did you do that was
naughty oh you pushed Minkin do you push
thinking a lot how can you do that you
want Santa to bring you something but he
won't how come you always push thinking
good are you gonna do it anymore you
tell mama you're sorry for pushing my
baby
you try extra hard not to well there's
no train you just stop you stop pushing
them okay push them so I could get oh
you pushed him out of the way so you
could get an orange I bet if you write
Santa Claus a letter and tell him you're
sorry
maybe he'll bring you something Oh a big
robot record yes a big one what about a
little wing okay like this one Babbage
for Lincoln and what age for you
oh no I favorite girl of that oh yeah
I have been taking care of Kony he
doesn't feel that great and he just
wants me to hold him and love him and be
with them and so this morning we were up
at o'clock Lincoln and anyway I'm tired
and I don't want to get it looking good
I just I just want to be and we were
downstairs on the couch and Cody grabbed
my pigtail and what did you say about my
pigtails and I guess so I like your hair
I like your braids mom he's like they're
pretty and I just about died Oh died oh
yes
put it on your paper covers up for me
yeah you're right there
thank you put me a message thank you got
it thank you
anyway Cody just made me feel like I was
good enough just the way I was and it
just made me really happy we spent all
morning coming okay and then he's a
shannon color together and i said yes we
can call her together
Oh true else's living is gonna be so
jelly one of you guys sent us a whole
bunch of print out these ones are Elsa
ones frozen ones and a whole bunch oh
hey Kat yeah hey welcome here they have
kept my kids your occupied than anything
that was a brilliant idea so thank you
so much for sending those printouts to
us see this book that's going to be our
scene colors hard to chew on yeah I was
vendor book so I can go in this oh you
want to see what the Avenger kid stuff
to cover that oh yeah
mm can I color with us ah a reference
guide is what he was meeting you thank
you hey what's up Julie one thing I was
going to tell them is I wearing got a
facial this morning I have never had a
hold on you are not allowed to play it
on the table look okay good well things
escalated quickly I was trying to talk
to Daddy and you won't let me hold him I
don't even know what happened just there
I don't think you do either
Oh Cody that was always my hardest thing
to what colored what was the best again
colored one he no Captain America's kind
of tan he we could find him like a tan
oh that's mighty good one it might be a
little dark for him but you try you do
that one
Oh stayin the same well if he knew how
to contour that would be the same shade
for the outer part of his face I can
find you a highlight shade ha ha ha oh I
think I found a good one luck right here
dig in it you're kind of hard you know I
know especially with my size of fingers
look that's a good highlight shade
I know ridiculous I'm just teasing
that's a good skin shade go ahead what I
was saying is I have never had an
extraction done on my face I've been
going to a skin ladies my skin has been
kind of bad and I'm giving older and I
really
take care of my skin so I've never had a
captions done and she did some
extractions and there's really big zit
right there and I heard so bad when she
was doing it I was like crawling out of
my chair anyway hopefully there's a
difference in my face it hurt the
extractions really hurt she did a hydro
facial as well anyway so I don't feel
like putting makeup on my skin like I
just want to leave it but I wanna look
nice and what make one cruel cruel world
I forced Joel to lay down and take a nap
he came inside night said Joel your eyes
look terrible I said you let me sleep
the last couple of mornings like I've
slept in because I there's no physical
way I could have gotten out of bed um
and he's been good to take care of me
and I said you just have to take a nap
he's like oh I don't want any like light
in bed took his hat off closes eyes oh
my yeah so they thought I get so many
questions on my cleaning routine I don't
have a routine I don't have like a day
that I do things I don't have a time
that I do things I do them as I go in
the morning when we're getting ready if
the bathroom is dirty I clean it before
we leave the bathroom and if we do if we
have breakfast I can do breakfast I
clean up before we leave the table it's
like everywhere she's at home in the
mornings I we have breakfast I do the
dishes
I wipe the floor and we all go
downstairs and sit and when we're done
sitting down there and that's nap time
I'm like okay everyone clean up and then
it's nap time so basically I'm just
always cleaning do you like it messy in
your room or clean in your room
I like it but I do not like me yeah well
that surprises me that you like it clean
because it's always so messy you like it
when I help you clean your room huh you
know where it goes or can just be kind
of overwhelming huh yeah it's not like a
skunk you go
yeah did you know that I'm since weeks
is the biggest you gets the biggest bed
hmm can't tell but this is Celia this is
Gaudi okay and this is our let Wow okay
and then here squeaks oh my you scary
and then here's Princess Ariel she's up
in out with it yeah this is Eric Oh
her boyfriend ooh and this is her little
area see our little area and the animals
can only go right here
mmm if they call fathers are knocked on
that and then Ariel will have to go buy
new ones in Midtown ah did you draw that
behind you
that's so cute so olivia has been asking
me if she can film another like playing
with my toys video and I don't know what
do you guys think do you think they do
you want to do one okay I'm gonna put a
link for Olivia's video that she did
with her dolls and if you guys want to
see another video of Olivia playing with
her dolls baby you could give this video
a thumbs up you mean these ones yes I
made one of Joel's favorite meals and he
is not even eating with us he wants to
hurry and get this done because we have
someone coming to spray our lawn
tomorrow and he wants all the leaves
cleaned up before they get here so we
are gonna have dinner without daddy what
do you guys think is it yummy
I made baked ziti with just some carrots
and beans I shall feel okay you spilled
a carrot we please pick a bug up I know
you love beans and I know
you love carrots and I'm assuming you're
gonna love this I'm kind of just like
everything don't chat he did not take a
nap today all he did was sit in there
and play and talk and get mad I don't
know what it is
look at his face he's like yep and I'm
proud of it
you are certainly proud of yourself
unchecked have to eat your green beans
always put like least a on the
table huh makes me happy Boston how come
you always fill your cup mom doesn't
like it when you still lie doesn't make
her mad at me sir
and they designate a Saturday sir mad
I've got a little bit of all I it's
yummy and I want you just to hurry and
finish one word because I don't want you
to tell me that you're hungry in an hour
I fetch more olivia is so excited I got
her a new umbrella because the kids play
outside a lot and so I want to make sure
that they've got their umbrella she had
the cutest one and it broke and she even
used it till it was broke and crazy
broke yours is on his way code honey and
I'm not gonna tell you what's on it it's
a surprise
oh it's Captain America how did you know
that fuzzy little person Barbie that's
right I got you a Barbie mine work we're
doing American Oh
did you see him look at me he knew he
was hitting you too hard like to mean
like he was like I knew I shouldn't have
done that dad's gonna kill me
don't you hit daddy like that but
seriously I got you a Barbie one will
you like that one
what kind do you want that's a okay okay
I got to be Captain America one but I'm
not gonna tell you what it looks like
till it gets here thank you for doing
the lawn and taking care of me while I
was sick did your nap so good not gonna
close my eyes my head hurt
good how do you feel now my body feels
good but right up here not feeling so
hot really is head cool I'm sorry
you ate lots lots lots you must have
loved love dinner huh no I do love not
dinner
hey yes he has been such a chatterbox
not when the cameras pointed at him but
when it's nap time
yep and you know what we're gonna go do
Co bombing yeah your stuff she's so cute
um Kody is upset because everyone gets
in his stuff and he can't find his
things and we're pretty good and he's
been collecting bottles how can we
collect bottles you know cuz you want to
shoot him down your bow and arrow that's
right Kate let's go find your things and
should we say good night to everybody
are you frustrated no you show me my
cupboard yeah and your Christmas oh okay
yeah what
