good morning you guys I have not missed
a vlog in a very long time I can't
remember the last time I wasn't in a
vlog but can we just give Joel um credit
for editing the entire vlog yesterday I
can't how DS not I came in to show him
what we were doing we've been changing
sheets we've been bathing really stinky
babies his diapers have been really
really bad well everybody in this entire
household is sick in some way and I am
just praying that this is not going to
be a repeat of last year I swear once we
got sick it just ended up you know it
never left would you open that way down
to this I think we can avoid a lot of
that because it won't be in as much
construction will be releasing so much
crap I think I was have our problem oh I
don't think so
I'm hoping just you know that's it I
don't think so I it is not that we're
not clean like I just went through here
I'm going to show you what I'll do I
went through our toothbrush drawer and I
cleaned our toothbrushes with the
alcohol I got um the bathroom like all
the way cleaned up Joel's making fun of
me because like the second I was done
throwing up Joel came in the bathroom
I'm and he's like what are you doing add
the Clorox wipes and I was like wiping
the toilet like anyways I was just like
I don't want to give this to anybody
I'll just throw hmm it seriously worst
about it yeah he's like what are you
doing no you know right when you get
sick so I was laying in the bathtub and
Joel was sitting next to me and the
water the hot water started coming over
on my stomach and you know that feeling
like when your tongue starts raising and
your mouth starts like liquefying I'm
all high very very calm my humble clean
the toilet clean the toilet clean the
toilets Oh like her eating cleavage I
because nobody wants throw-up in like a
dirty toilet it's not like it was that
crazy but I needed it fresh
like claimed and then I very calmly was
like get out and close the door you do
not need to watch this it was so bad it
was so bad you know how like when you're
sick and it's like I can't stand up I
can't sit down I was like I don't know
what to do is nice but no so this
morning we've just been like washing
sheets opening windows like vacuuming
getting things cleaned up and even
though it's not like the easiest like I
still don't feel a hundred percent I'm
just like in which of course I feel like
an idiot saying in front of you because
you don't feel that great either
I feel fine I just have a nasty little
cough that when it hits it hurts but I'm
done I'm sorry
don't be I feel bad for this little guy
cuz I can't breathe can't sleep I think
I put a humidifier in his room than me I
think so too
thanks for two means to make like the we
all here
they will under counter dad must have
found him I put in there he's been
really worried about the wheels to his
plane he got from the dentist do you
want to show everybody what you've been
working so hard on this morning the
presents oh wow okay
oh shoot that plane just keeps falling
apart he laughs you got it
it's like come on I don't have a hand to
focus it on what he's doing sorry
everybody
okay fly over Sean what you've been
working on I had Jack kids for Elian
Jackson's kids just all right I don't
think I'll look it although I don't
think I'll let you give them the peace
of your little gun but what he's done is
he found a piece of paper and he's
giving each of them a crayon and he
taped it in there and you're gonna give
that to him huh how come you decided to
give him that
cuz do I doubt the price and that's
something yeah okay good
if you don't pay your counselors and
you've got things for them is Charlie
blinkin you're getting sloppy
you're leaving evidence in the room I
knew he had my camera earlier and now I
just proved where you got it from you
little stinker you little stinker that's
his like um you got to have socks on
it's too cold outside
we're gonna go vote we're getting ready
to vote we're getting our shoes on socks
on it's kind of chilly outside we are
just leaving the Cache County City
offices we walked into the booth the
area that women normally yeah where we
normally vote and no one was there and I
walked in I told the girl I said where
is everybody so did we not vote here and
she told me she said there's no
in-person voting if you didn't vote
early you don't you don't get a vote and
I was like what like we were so upset we
got the Cardoso that's bullcrap he says
so he made a few phone calls so I was
like you flip around I'm like we have to
go tell her so I walk Becky and I was
like you cannot be deterring voters I
said I don't know if you know or not I
said there's three places to vote in
cash galley today I said you can't
encourage people to not be voting by
telling there's not a place to vote
unlike so conspiracy so I simpler where
you could vote at Bonnie and I did the
drop-off ballot because the lines were
very very long and I am sad because I
don't have a sticker who says I voted
where we filled out our ballots we
dropped him off of the the ballot
drop-off you can stay it up there and
the line is ginormous yeah it's very
very long so we're talking about so we
wanted to come in in person because we
wanted to bring the kids we wanted to
vote with them I wanted a sticker
I'm sure
Hey
I see you have two boys two girls
today do you want to I was go see with
him
you better go tell her you oh my gosh
over you you are attached to some
questions which okay roughly
- they don't charge a velocity I
one remote control for us here okay
a big one this big
right right so are you gonna make kind
of cookies do you like
Hulk when Paul cleanse the trick is cat
come out of your beds
come on
are we
okay you will say thank you
why because there's almost me look
Santa Claus came into town the wrong but
we were so lucky that he's been
I need to get a new ballot
Jill is such a good sport I'm like you
could affair new paper Santa's lunch and
he had already gone through the line so
I'm like can money in your wallet he's
like yes I'm like get up there and stick
it in his pocket
was he happy talking yeah rosin little
face and just eyes just he was just like
thank you you know that he makes you
know that he makes everybody's day that
was very very absolutely just make on oh
he totally made mine I'm like the
happiest ever in Boston what did she
Boston say he said I'm so glad he saw
Santa Claus huh and you want to tell him
early what you wanted a robot I didn't
know you wanted a robot for Christmas do
you want no Boston I don't think in my
life arguing I know that's pretty lucky
nice is really lucky he did it every
time in a row there's a joke hurry go
get your camera
I threw the magazine on the floor for
him to play with as I'm making any
through the stacks of magazines and I
threw it on the floor he brought it back
over to me that I knocked off because it
was my weight room back when I was like
haha brought it back over to me and we
do that like three different buttons
it'll stomp who never gets old
darn him
this little guy steals my hat all the
time but if I sometimes lay down nice
make a high but is this not like mud
birthday oh yeah yeah yeah I was meant
to grab a thing listen lady your flus
over back to your job I'm making a mess
okay this is like the most go to
sickness cold-weather meal there ever
ever was grilled cheese and tomato soup
except this the butter we put on here we
get it from Sam's Club and it has like
garlic and herb and like it's so yummy
killer but the case was cracked and so
it's everywhere now yellow blossom I
sent in the microwave because it was
from the freezer and the bottom had
cracked probably because it had been
gone through this mmm extra construction
I want to say yes no it feels like a
move we moved from an old home to a new
home
we are gonna get ready for dinner Bonnie
and Olivia have Olivia's piano okay
hurry and show me what is that note what
kind of note quarter note maybe looks
like a quarter note to me because it's
solid black notes are quarter notes oh
my word oh my word what is happening to
my child
busting please leave me he's a happy he
we have oh my gosh my losing my mind
I'm losing everybody okay we're going to
make it we love you so much for watching
it and more people are telling me that
they've been on subscriber lists are
seeing that there they've been
unsubscribe so make sure you're
subscribed click the thumbs up button
and we'll see you guys tomorrow
