oh I hit that bump
Olivia and I are getting ready to go to
a birthday party and she's been so
excited it's a Harry Potter themed
birthday party and I've never seen Harry
Potter neither has Olivia so we let her
watch it what did you think I was from
but I think I've got I'm not saying just
like funny but I think I forgot a little
bit of oh it's okay you don't have to
like memorize the show we had a dog my
friend was like make sure she watches
Harry Potter so she kind of knows what's
going on so she's worried that she
doesn't have like the show memorized I
know and I'm kind of like what if I
forego food if we don't do um Olivia got
some sketch of shoes and in them came
these uh temporary tattoos and since she
has silver on her shoes she wants a
silver tattoo and what when did you
panic lining with that middle one kay I
had a huge spider in the house it's not
a spider it's a type of it's an actually
type of um it looks like a gargantuan
s-- uh what's it called box elder box
elder bug but it's like brown and
disgusting a huge anyway where is it
I'll again you go to the house while I
was waiting for you I just learned it
was like a big weird bug you know like
it was a box elder bug but not red and
black I don't know what those are but
okay so lift your face up dude what the
she cut these little temporary tattoos
don't move no matter what you do Olivia
was like now are these permanent Olivia
was a little concerned about getting
this she wanted to make sure that it was
temporary okay you can just look at me
she takes everything so seriously like
everything is very well you can tell her
to do stuff and she'll do it it's cuz
she's the oldest she's the oldest so
she's really respond you're really close
to us Joel we used to go back no knock
it off Seinfeld close call girls come on
she's the oldest and so she has a lot of
character look look hmm
a lot of the characteristics of the
oldest you see the loosen up girl
yeah Lincoln's taking his nap so we're
trying to keep it quiet
have the kids been having tons of fun on
their scooters oh yeah we went around
the block which is not the farthest to
go but I was on this little like Neely
one where you push with your nose block
in this yeah it was not fun it's not fun
actually it was a lot of fun but I was
pretty worn out and then Boston was worn
out from the scooter too hard his little
body oh oh my leg
that's actually really pressing you'll
hear Olivia all lift on the viewfinder
sequence yet can you see it yeah get you
to want me to turn okay look um don't
scratch out it that is so sweet I like
it you should do until like you like
that
guess what dolly it's time to go ah can
I be something yes hurry and get
whatever you want to bring into this an
hour drive
um you got to take your shoes off drop
me to go get something for you watch out
watch out
playgrounds at $1,400 every day
hold on you done or even put a DNA lion
in there that's good idea Hey
I cannot believe this isn't ridiculous I
feel teary because it's so pretty yes
Joe that is so beautiful this is what I
think is really cute
that one is so sweet Julie that was
harder to do than that was are you
serious I'm so hard to do oh my gosh I
cannot believe this and I think the
reason that I'm like crazy right now is
because I know how long this takes
right now it's midnight is it really go
yeah it's midnight
mm-hmm my phone can tell time yeah this
is so pretty to like look up at every
year so Joel did this a handful years
ago
four or five years ago and I was like
you will never because it was so it took
him hours hours like three days to do it
and that was just a one tree but you can
tell I didn't do it as much um I like
how you did it better this time
it looks so pretty
oh do you want to grab Olivia yeah she's
associated she's asleep she had the time
of her life
and when we were done my friend her
husband is deployed he's been gone for a
year and all grab all of her stuff
anyway and I knew she just kind of
needed some girl time and I love myself
some girl time and so we went and spent
the night over her place just watching a
movie hanging out just keeping her
company and the kids played and anyway
it was really fun night but we're gonna
get the kids in I'll see you guys
tomorrow
good morning you guys this Saturday
afternoon and we are sitting in our
basement
Joel doesn't feel the best we got up and
did a few errands that we needed to do
this morning and we have a fun play day
this evening with a friend that I
haven't seen for a long time we're going
to take him over some dinner and so
right now the current situation Joel's
picking his nose Joel is watching this
old house I told the kids you have to
leave daddy alone that's so nice funny
sorry Cody go on the other side of him
so I can see his body can you go on the
other side of him oh there you go okay
oh now he's done boo okay we'll see what
he does I'm getting a few things done on
my computer that I need to get done
maybe a little bit of shopping who knows
and there is stuff I need to get done
though okay let's see him let's see him
get it in there oh good job Lincoln yes
Emily
sorry okay if someone wants to play with
you you can play sorry with them Oh
me oh yeah hey look he's gonna play with
Boston Thank You Olivia hey do you
remember Lincoln giving up a 5 o'clock
this morning that was often oh you got
it ha okay funny story about that sorry
board game one year Joel needed to
apologize to me for a little something
and and it was Christmas time and so for
Christmas he got me the cart the board
game sorry I opened it and I was like
sorry um sorry
Oh
you
did you see what he just did not one of
my kids have hit their heads on the
ground he's the only one that has
started doing that he hits his head when
he's mad and that makes me mad Lincoln
don't you hit your head don't you hit
your head cuz you're mad there he goes
oh I see Saturday afternoon nap good you
did on a scale one to ten and eight
during quiet time because you kept
coming and asking me questions pretty
good that's pretty good
on a scale one to ten you did a ten good
for quiet time you know why because I
heard you telling Kody to be quiet and
that was nice of you I appreciated that
yeah that's what I heard you saying you
better clean up and this little guy he
just couldn't take quiet time too much
too much it was too much to handle
don't don't
so he came in laid by daddy and he fell
asleep I tried getting him to fall
asleep with me but he just wanted to do
it he wanted to play hey let's see all
right let's see it lets see it my friend
my friend atha we worked together at the
plasma center we have kids I've had all
kids the same except opposite in gender
and so it's fun when we get together
because our kids love playing with each
other how was your nap
did you nap you need a nap no I was like
10 episodes of look how handsome joel
shirt is oh my day just got absolutely
made I walked in and was getting our
order for dinner and I looked over and
someone goes and I was like ok it is and
we laughed and laughed and it was two
girls they were the sweetest it was like
we were like long-lost best friends and
we were like laughing and joking and
taking pictures smelling each other's
bad breath and it was just awesome it
was so awesome and I told him I said you
I've made my absolute stinking day she
was down from Idaho Falls and she was
like I hope I seen your youtuber today
she's like I love watching YouTube
anyway we all do honey and it's kind of
like a new obsession for me like
watching youtubers over like TV it's
weird is that weird I mean I guess
you're all mostly emoto's me because
you're all watching um but I don't know
can you tell even
well before Bonnie even done smile spill
your beans like I told them I said I had
had a quiet kind of like not even somber
but like it's just an uneventful day
nothing to like laugh at we all know
left laugh and I don't know I think
totally absolutely changed my mood is it
like not a thousand percent parent but
that's happened either mess and friends
or got free food if it's some fun yeah
okay I was coming out with one question
though do you guys tip cookie to go
order people do they have a specific
name that I just offend someone
bicycling them that well it's
technically the person who's running at
most restaurants person who is running
the to go shops unless they have a
designated area
it's the hostess as well and the hostess
I'm not do you tip them I'm okay yeah I
want to know what you guys think I'm so
grateful that I ran into people that
watch our videos because it really just
brings me back to why I do it I freaking
love you guys I just seriously do so
thank you guys for watching give the
video a thumbs up and I will see you
guys we will all see you guys in our
next video bye bye guys
