I told Cody we have something really fun
planned today but I haven't been able to
tell you because I didn't want you to go
nutso all day asking when are we gonna
go when are we gonna go my friend
Karissa has a little boy named Isaiah he
is a really really nice sweet sweet boy
he even watches our videos and he has
the same shirt as you a Captain America
one oh how many is he he is I think
around your age I think he's really
close to your age and today after school
I'm gonna pick you up and we're gonna go
down and we're gonna go bowling with him
then we're gonna play arcade games okay
remember when we went to the bowling
alley and you played on that tall game
yeah I have a lot of those oh my gosh
wait can we play um yeah yeah you and
Isaiah are gonna do that together we're
gonna for a little playdate yay you
excited is gonna be like a little date
with me and you did you say I know I
have a hat okay you are playing like an
amazing little boy for quiet time we
have quiet time about once a day it's
about when I need time to get ready see
when I got only one eyebrow was done
here so baby's napping mommy's getting
ready and little toddlers playing on a
rug I was able to get my other eyebrow
on and I helped you put Captain America
shield on your theme is I know he could
get off one second later it was off and
who took it off Sharon Lee
why did you do that that he's a
Charlie's in my room yes I want you to
put that thing up and I want to show
this and you want me to put them yeah
and you want to show everybody this
shield and you can't go on like that no
you got to put it in front by your face
yeah Oh scoot a little back that's a
little too close see can you see it in
there yeah I did offer okay okay oopsie
that's too close there we go
now I want you to tell Charlie to get
out of my room you know uh you just get
them with it in there okay see it okay
now I want you to go tilt Charlie get
came out where is he now
Oh charlie Kenya your trucco plate I put
it on for the last time no listen if you
or charlie takes it off I'm not gonna
put it on I gotta hurry into my make up
for the baby wakes up take Charlie by
the hand take me by the hand okay go
play with him Charlie is their imaginary
friend oh well now he's sad he was
loving sitting there Boston came and
pulled him out made him mad Thank You
Boston but I oh that's why you pulled
him out because you wanted to do it he
was doing how sad did he take your toy
mister now you're gonna play with those
of candy wrappers
how sad how sad hi dear man no I just
come take my camera off and you're so
beautiful
um yeah you kind of don't fit thought
you want to play with me earrings is
that what you're trying to do
thank you oh is that your beautiful face
that's you hey hey you can see him he's
like discovered he's like yeah that's me
oh that was so sweet
Thank You Lincoln for taking along
enough nap so that I could get myself
ready thank you thank you okay let him
have a tractor back oh here we go
see that's what he wants to do Joel said
that that's what he did when he was
little all the time oh are you proud of
yourself
yes are you proud of yourself no don't
don't take it yes okay just a minute
you're wanting to talk right Jess you're
wanting to talk what what are you doing
hey he's transit guy you saw her oh is
that what he's trying to say there's
nobody in the store
shut up I was just getting ready to film
like my haul for you guys at the grocery
store and someone comes up to me and
says man there's no filming in this
store for you ya better realize like a
person thought you were Jarrod like all
I thought was the teeth and I was like
oh Jarrod's here and I was like no this
is mad Jarrod's brother anyway made me
laugh thanks for making me laugh you can
come on back to what I was going to show
you I wanted to show you so for lunches
we have some rolls these are my favorite
rolls I take half of them put them in
the freezer because we can't go through
that many at one time anyway I have
Turkey for me some roast beef for Joel
and I got some onion so that I can kind
of cook the onion and maybe making like
a provolone roast beef warmed up
sandwich anyway those are for some
lunches I have some really yummy pasta
at home so I'm going to make some
asparagus and then some garlic french
bread with this of course we always we
go through a million bananas and then I
want to try making huevos rancheros and
so I have the tortilla the avocado we
have eggs at home cheese and then
hopefully this is the right sauce I'm
just kind of going in black beans at
home anyway hopefully that turns out so
that's our Walmart Karl and you don't
need to know what's back here you don't
go look at that code we made it to
chick-fil-a do you smell it
he's over here smelling um I loved my
drive over here with you do you know
that hey look at me we're talking
and I should my treated young yep you
brought your Halloween candy up there we
go brought your Halloween candy and we
shared it didn't we
that was pretty fun and you know what
did I make for you have you painted that
at school for me not amazing hey there
you go
I do rainbow tell my friend and her son
are meeting us here at chick-fil-a he
says thanks to Kody to chick-fil-a so
that's where we decided to meet I think
the best thing to do when you meet him
and say hi my name is Cody I'm five and
you can maybe say what's your name do
you think that'll be good like a game
Isaiah yep
oh you didn't you didn't you didn't let
him answer ask him and then wait for him
to answer right okay ask him say how old
are you did he say five he'll will drink
Isaiah
oh you're five okay mommy
Oh April ain't no role you guys are
silly
oh do you shake hands and officially
meet here we go
that's pretty good that's really that's
really good can you go cross-eyed code
these are the kind of things that we're
doing wow wow wow
mmm laughing at our character they were
being boys and slapping themselves in
the car they thought it was so funny and
they're poor like battered faces
anyway Cody is in a zone right now
yes I think you have one more turn okay
cook on yes
can you cook yes click on it
there we go yep they're not very good
but that's okay they're having a lot of
fun good try that's okay
oh look you have one more luck throw it
up in there I probably bought five games
cold whoop you okay guys okay missing a
tooth okay okay
was your tooth gone before I'm making
Cody play this game again because he's
so good at it
you're really aggressive he gets the
stand on this tippy-toes say like two
miles bro I know
good job code Cody told me when he gets
older he wants to be a motocross rider
so this is his game
Oh me and Karissa are dying at how cute
we think these boys are
when are you ready you hit the middle as
hard as you can okay do it
Cody that is alright are you ready go as
hard as you can Oh joined it into Joe
try it again Kay ready set go
Oh I think you were too excited Marissa
and I are just like googling over how
well the boys are playing together
they're helping each other on their turn
you
are you ready to play your mama he's
gonna win are you gonna win ready set
you
I want to see all of the cool things
that you guys earned okay you might not
be able to see there's some
glow-in-the-dark putty there's a finger
trap oh thank you a little jet popper
things and we got Olivia a little where
did it go oh there's a wand right up in
here somewhere
did you guys have fun did you have fun
thank you so much for coming on our
playdate Oh cute fun you can sure
remember when I used to have the like
the big like a big silvery one yes those
boys were the cutest thing in the world
Isaiah is the most polite little boy
they got along like insanely well I
think it would yeah because you get
along so yeah I'm just that paper yeah
we love her all right well you guys
really filled up this Halloween basket a
little bit more well with a little toy
you got like toys in there yeah so
worried you good the more you get more
toys that's right yeah oh okay you guys
thank you so much for watching we had a
last night we're probably talking like
the Robin bed Levi's our next video
plays yeah
