you have a full bag of candy are you so
excited yeah okay now look I don't I
don't want Lincoln to eat your candy so
well do you want him to eat your candy
okay where are you gonna put it so he
doesn't get into it you want to put it
right on the counter right here okay
okay we'll put your candy right here now
if it's time to go to bed and you can
have your candy in the morning okay so
here's after cereal hey today sounds
good
can you say good night to everybody good
night okay good night get it okay yeah
good morning Boston candy dad and I ate
all of your candy last night
we didn't we ate all your candy last
night what's matter you just want your
killer
are you mad at me you just want your
candy you know hey I was just trying I
was just I was just tricking you
do you want me to get your candy yeah we
want to leave it in your bucket
should we put it back in your bucket
Cody you know what I was doing to him
don't ya did did we do that to you yeah
and did we do that to Boston last year
and you don't remember I thought maybe
you would remember Boston Boston do you
remember we did that to you last year
I'll have the links to all our Jimmy
Kimmel tricks down below are you happy
now I love you
