this morning I am off to go and get my
feet checked by the fourth doctor the
last doctor we went to he recommended I
go to a different doctor cuz he does
this special procedure called Krabbe
elation Hey look it's like my favorite
person in the world it's my wife
I thought you'd smiling at me every time
all right I'm gonna go get my feet check
one last time tip I had a really nice
time Oh hmm hey your lashes look like
they're fresh just got Lincoln down for
a nap in Boston just came in the house
he was wanting to know if he could have
a piece of gum and who did you say you
were playing with outside racing but you
st. Grayson at school so who are you
actually playing with the lady across so
the old lady down the street with a
bunch of cats did you lie and say
Grayson because you thought I wouldn't
let you play with the old lady well I
just happened to know the lady down the
street and I really like her and is she
letting you play with bitsy her cat
that's some fun so why did you come home
okay you may have a piece of gum you
make a play with the kitties like he is
scared yeah she's all whack it's
actually me I know she is shy
I just got replaced for quiet time with
the cat lady I am really happy that I
have gone through all of this chasing
our tail a little bit with this to
finally get to the doctor we're meeting
with he is very smart about what he's
doing he's been doing it for over 20
years now and we don't run the risks
that we run with a really hardcore
surgery that they normally like to do so
good deal what's the matter you guys he
wants to watch you dude perfect so he's
a little upset about that she's the best
but we've got to wipe all the jury toes
off your face cuz you're a mess yeah
you're a mess and it has to live you to
do it and she didn't do it yeah go
downstairs most of you guys already know
this growing up Joel's grandma made them
sugar cookies every Valentine's Day and
since we no longer have grandma Kerrigan
to send us those we do have Grandma and
Grandpa Helene send us a package every
Valentine's Day do I see what's in the
package okay now don't be animal I'm
gonna open the box and don't the animals
and with everything out we'll open it
very calmly Adam okay now look let's see
what's in here Cody here
Oh be nice Oh pass to me nice and you
know who made this for you Grandma and
Grandpa holiness is there one of those
yep I'm assuming that's for Lincoln Kody
Boston Olivia each have a tin I actually
saw these puzzles and up to the other
day and I want to play him and I just
did it so that's kind of perfect new
puzzles yeah I see that you three have a
chin and look Lincoln you have this it's
a little airplane and you each have a
little treat and I think there's one for
me and Dad how shield do you guys know
that Grandma and Grandpa watch our
videos every day what do you guys want
to tell him we'll have to read this
before we go to bed tonight these treats
might be tasty but my goodness do you
see that puzzle I came down to talk to
Olivia she was talking to me the other
day and she said that someone asked her
to be their Valentine and what did you
tell him why didn't know what a
valentine was and I wasn't exactly sure
how to answer her so a Valentine to me
is just like kind of like they're asking
you to be their girlfriend kind of just
for the day but not forever right so
what are you gonna tell him I told
Olivia that I think she should say if
you want do you want to be his Valentine
no sorry okay I told her that I think
she should tell him that she'll be his
Valentine only for the day and not for
like his girlfriend yeah you don't want
to be his girlfriend but that you'll be
his Valentine for the day
who's that sound good with you Olivia
we'll go shopping for Valentines for
your class maybe tomorrow you want to go
shopping were you eavesdropping you have
really good ears I'm deciding I made the
realization the 20 minutes ago
Valentine's Day isn't two days away
I know what you're thinking two days is
still far more prepared than most people
that is true but it is not totally
prepared from any holiday or special
occasion usually I am like we can
advance and I pride myself on that right
now I am making a run to see if I can
gather up these items but make my wife
look I can't say what they are I can't
even show you this is ridiculous outta
my lugging this but you can come along
on the journey this is nice now I have
some company nobody's in the car with me
so now I have company what's that you
say
you want some tunes classic vinyl got it
coming
do you even know why you're in trouble
well because you said give me that heart
and you ripped it out of his hand
I don't know why you're cranky a lot of
the times I don't know why you're not
nice a lot of other times you tell me
how can we get so cranky with Lincoln
doing it Austin I don't know why you get
cranky either but you know that mom that
gets cranky sometimes and I don't even
know why are you trying to be nice when
you go to kindergarten are you gonna be
nice to teach all right well what
happens if your teacher makes you mad oh
what I'm crying so you think it's funny
no yes am i real laughing and they
always remember it was funny I'm Kody
I'm like laughing and crying too what
because you're the cutest boy I've ever
known in my entire life
but I don't know what to to get him you
can't see but he's like comforting me
right now he's like petting my arms you
have to be nice yes you do you know just
how to be nice the thing is though is I
think he's really trying I think he's
trying his absolute hardest and it's
just really hard
he just gets irritated so easily don't
ya can I show everyone the update on
your little nosey see you can see the
nostril is almost back to normal and you
can see the swelling right here is
almost back to normal thank you yes well
I didn't let him have a drink earlier
because instead of saying can I please
have a drink he said get me a drink
and
was not gonna fly was it so we just need
to work on the way we say things you can
say the exact same thing listen to how I
say this mom I need a drink
or would be a nice way to say it or the
exact same words mom I need a drink
see two same things but see how one is
way better than the other being a
four-year-old is kind of hard being a 32
year old is kind of hard it never
changes
I am fully aware that bonnie is gonna
preview this blog before it even goes up
which this blog will go up on
Valentine's Day so happy Valentine's Day
I guess anyway that was like record time
in the store if you want to see what's
in these bags better tune in so Joel I
mean why are you smiling like that I
haven't even asked you a question yet
and you're smiling like as I was singing
It was as if you were gone for like two
and a half hours I mean I'm not like I
don't know if you've been to $1.00 for a
lady but there's a lot to browse or you
have to drive an hour down somewhere an
hour back and you have 30 minutes to run
dollar stores I do Valentine's Day is
upon us I mean I don't need to be crazy
looking at handbag I got a babysitter
what for balancing you bet your sweet
butt are you kidding me
well that kind of like disrupts the
plans that I was like I was gonna make
like a homemade dinner and like okay I
think it on board with that okay there's
just one other thing just you smell so
nice it's as if it's like a new cologne
you're wearing but I've never smelled
before tell you it didn't come home hold
the lady at the store wait what what
okay I need whatever brew tour Johan
some of them were pretty intense I see
this is the personal like the name of
the Cologne mr. Brut happy Valentine's
Day you big old turkeys and everywhere I
look around
keep together
