all right miss Cinderella you gotta get
your running shoes on you got school
okay cuz if I were in like the
Cinderella when she worked she worked I
work at school
mm-hmm mm-hmm but for you like a met in
vodka but a Halloween mm-hmm we got your
hair done this morning put a little
lipstick on and guess what mama gave you
I'm crying Alexa I ask you my stomach so
slowly Lincoln so commander cool
I know that's why we're trying to hurry
I'm good morning you guys only one I'll
clean it in a minute um good morning you
guys it is how oh I gotta clean it right
now
good morning you have visited Halloween
2016 I'm so excited for today it's going
to be a fun day before I get ready and
beautiful I had to put these on derp we
just had to okay hey let me along oh
yeah we're getting ready to run into
town we've got a few things that we
gotta fight for the J and Kody has our
grocery list and Kody what are you
putting on the list we're going player
behind Rico what you want me that white
above you stop talking oh wow car art
mmmm after the oh yes popcorn chicken
where are we going
you're witnessing and everybody he is
crossing popcorn chicken off the list
oh boy howdy that's my Cody my little
kindergartner this today is gonna be
your first Halloween parade you get a
walk in a pray did you know that you're
the most handsome boy there ever was
whoever marries you is gonna be so lucky
wait I gave you all that time oh yeah we
gonna marry I am in way over my head
all I wanted to do was do the cause what
does it even pop-art
ha ha the Papa I have his hair done it
looks horrible on texts are making your
eyes crazy and I'm just I'm tired like I
swear I just haven't picked up my energy
from our trip you got that I think I
look good like from here that looks
really good Joel look in the mirror look
in the mirror you can see I made you put
in these stinking like contacts there's
nothing I want to keep going we can I'm
like tired and we're running out of time
what time is it
it's 12:30 we only have an hour it's
like taking me an hour to do that are
you gonna spray-paint your hair to
heaven so I bought a wig and I don't
want to do it anymore
dude just do your makeup I think you
should just leave what you thought on
just like that like look at you what are
you I'm just accentuating my facial
features I don't want to do any more
white first with pressure I think you
look so weird for me oh can we can you
just be this just be this and honey
chicken Lincoln okay you know what I'm
gonna get my wig on and we're gonna see
how it goes from here you can go do
whatever you want to do I can't drive
anywhere like this is probably a ssin
it's like Halloween yes because you
can't see through the colored contact
real yeah I can't see
doesn't matter I just want to put a bag
over my head for Halloween we can do
that I just wanna put a bag or way
around back can we can we
no I'm asking you can we just put brown
paper bags over please I don't want to
do my makeup I'm tired I'm gonna go find
a stewed chicken out friends no I don't
think you're out dang it
we don't even have brown bag ladies this
is the extent of it I put my wig on
going back to my roots my heritage roots
of Halloween you know thrown away line
this is it this is what's happening Joel
went and tried to find a little some
some and just couldn't find anything I
wanted to find a big chicken outfit for
him to go with him because he's gonna be
a little chicken and someone said to
Joel hey nice outfit
you're not they liked your costume nice
costume like she's Oh what are you a
food handler something I don't know that
means normal shirt look at him smile at
me he's been crying okay well yeah you
have you Halloween for the whole Eva get
me - buy me over there
you know that spider-man over there who
else did you see Patrick that is so cool
because what are you doing
right there school's right in there oh
my gosh that's a meanie who else do you
see
thanks me this is so cool what do you
think we can't show all the little kids
did you hear that he's a little Captain
America he like lifted his arms ezel I'm
not
I think you seeing my wig Olivia she can
hear you you're young so loud what did
you want to tell her
Boston this is gonna be the best like a
pumpkin out there okay my pattern has
moved a lot though thank you
are you blog let's make sure you kill
the real bug with your shoe walk we bug
killing cheese come on come come funkin
yes yes you can come come out here you
got some chapstick oh my chapstick my
chapstick
I love his white walk away can't thank
him this is a little bit backwards but
we should have got a pumpkin first but
oh my gosh why are you doing it that way
no no just we just open it up and got to
it you start cutting yes I wanted to cut
something you overzealous after a
five-second training course the kids are
well on their way to carving their
pumpkins Olivia's looks pretty good
actually she cut this out
look at it let's show a Lydia the cheeks
are rosy teeth and eyes and now I'm
starting on the phone oh he's getting
the nose so his pumpkin can smell I'm
not I know your flower now and that's
the heart of the flower is that like a
tattoo or something this is the
commercial yours this is the technique
your nose on it yours how yours is a bat
hanging even though there's a drawn on
face there's really a bet so at night
it's gonna look like a bat hang in there
but look cool yeah Chicken Little is off
daddy this is the tattoo
oh that's too that's good this is the
bow in her hair
that's the bow in her hair yeah you're
cutting the bow out in her hair that's
good
the time has come to trick-or-treat at
our place we've been trick-or-treating
with that Ellie well you don't have to
bring your hope gloves we can leave him
here honey and daddy care you guys ready
to go trick or cheat you want to bring
your shield we won't leave it Oh might
get in the way
Lesley oh okay we ready the older to run
so fast and you're just a little bit
slower ho ho yeah let's go Rachel
she had lucky Annie okay okay we're not
there you're gonna miss out hey come a
little cheeky needle this is a very
Halloweeny house little baby he was like
a little unlike punkin I think and guess
what last year I think every year
someone trips on something you okay code
Larkin
here you hold the door open for her are
you okay is everyone else going
trick-or-treating to any of you go to
this one are you having fun
hey are you having fun I get here do you
like my hair boy ring ring ring oh boy
did you say hi hi
Boston say hi honey you gotta say hi oh
he dropped his bucket come and get it
there you go
good job I think he has a bouncy ball in
there
of course yeah I want a brother one for
you one for whoever that belongs to and
you can go honestly I think my favorite
thing is watching him run house to house
don't you think it's fun mmm he's gonna
run next year
yes you're gonna be running next year
we'll probably still carry him house to
house yeah probably yeah you'll at least
be able to hold your bag oh he wants
don't you want to get down
can you walk a little bit and walk on a
grass
kids are like fire wall kids are like
five houses in front of us you got a
ring Oh
waiting for you to pick them up you want
dad to hold yeah did you break your bag
that out yeah Livia you are very
ingenuitive well you can't leave it like
that honey just pull it out Olivia's
right I'll hold you just hold you guys
yeah okay
what do you tell Olivia how are you fine
the new good oh my gosh you all look so
cute Joy's foster I got it are you
telling me I'm baby I'm little bingo
okay
will you tell my house okay so kid you
kids all look so cute can we go you have
fun tonight won't ya yeah did you get
free gaudily
oh okay oh my head thank you
thank you thank you thank you kids for
coming oh how cute is she I love this
truck you know what we love her too do
you know what we might just have to see
her another time okay all right maybe
the next Peleliu market what you crying
buddy that you need not going to rub hey
Lincoln I hate to see you leave but I
love watching you walk away oh she's
untucking his dress for this trip okay
stand in front of him look at me go
tender food and fun he's left me right
here come over this way come on Oh hair
trim this Ray apparently I can see
through happy Halloween
ha ha ha ha ha that's awesome thank you
I was really hoping that was your new
hairdo the big city changed cheese balls
you can go so strong what do you guys
say thank you your belt it's not even
better than I thought they were gonna
turn out have you had fun big thumbs up
I think you guys are so strong and
handsome so the kids have dumped other
piles and they're checking out their
loot and they each have their own little
corner that's pretty cool I thought that
was a good idea someone gave them glow
sticks Boston do you feel like you got
lots of treats
they're what every here you want to sit
on the other side of your treats so you
can bask in all its glory here we'll put
yours out like this like that it's
pretty awesome
daddy is putting Lincoln to bed he is
spent we're gonna close the vlog can you
guys say happy Halloween to everybody
pretty ones that's awesome we keep
getting interrupted by a
trick-or-treaters that's a good thing
that's the whole point tonight I want
you guys to say good night to everybody
hey you say happy Halloween to everybody
how many times have you guys heard me
say say happy Halloween
I think we're in for a long night there
are a lot of trick-or-treaters out on
the road and we are not done I'm gonna
take the older kids with me we're gonna
go back out with a friend of mine that's
coming over so we want to tell you guys
happy Halloween and thank you so much
for watching our video today we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
