is Raja eating and the car is eating -
oh holy oh they're getting nice and full
are they are you guys getting nice and
full this morning it's gonna be a full
wheeler it's what what you don't like
the carnival
well um three things on the carnival in
our second thing Oh what not when I was
winning the lights go in the tunnels oh
they thought that your muscles were
really fighting me
well I they are real aren't they they're
not wow he was really wanting to pick up
these weights earlier if he's getting
real real mad that he couldn't yeah
that's how daddy feels at the gym
sometimes - he just wants to live so
heavy can't pick up he's so good are you
getting mad are you getting mad he was
being so funny earlier with exuse
standing up trying both hands This Old
House is on in the background your
anniversary ten years ago Lincoln you're
gonna make me crazy
good morning we are getting ready to go
to a carnival it's a Halloween party
Ville they do it in our church every
single year oh it's a little bit crazy
this morning so I'm just trying to
accommodate everyone's wishes and
desires for their costumes and I'm about
ready to tell them that we're not going
we are I just want everyone to calm down
calm down but all the love you wanted
your own makeup didn't you are you
wanting to do your own makeup okay my
happy is your rentals
okay all she has for my eye shadow he's
mad because he's happy I think we think
he left his costume at at Ellie's house
and so he's really mad that he has to
wear spider-man who did you want to be
turn around and look at me I'm gonna
give this one to Jackson because I don't
want a little fat butt and boss is the
only one happy we're almost ready we're
hurrying
we're hurrying I have to share this
sweet story with you it makes me almost
want to cry I was trying to get all the
kids up the stairs here at Ellie's place
and the kids were being so nice at
Boston come on he was trying to say
something I said come on go up the
stairs and then he said but mom he said
so we were standing down here he's at
the mom do I have to crawl up the stairs
so my shoes don't get on the carpet oh
and they said no you can walk on this
carpet he didn't want to walk on her new
carpet if they weren't supposed to
anyway so he sat right here and took off
his little boots which I thought was so
stinking stinking cute we are down here
and I said Ellie I have to record in
here is it because everything is so
weird like me he does have a truck like
you just grandma get those for Christmas
oh my gosh that's funny yes where did
Lincoln go oh he's in the car and he's
fighting cuz he wants all to himself
he's being a little hog with the little
car anyway Lincoln I think is loving
this more than anybody he came and was
standing on the chair playing with the
animals anyway it feels pretty magical
down here and I just thought I would
share this is a very very big deal what
Joel is doing we have had this little
chicken costume
where
yes it was our very first one that we
ever ever bought that was Olivia's first
and I remember we were so hectic with
our one child that we didn't even get a
picture of Olivia honestly go cuz you
were the next day you were like should
we put her back in her costume I'm like
no it doesn't matter why didn't I put
her back in her costume which it's fine
my god she wore well
she wore it like two years in a row she
didn't even fit in it three years in her
ours got one year of her in her maybe
that was the second year she's yep
that's because we bought it when she was
nine months old they're really little
anyway not so little costume Cody wore
it Boston Boston don't worry Boston
everywhere Oh does not surprise me
all right little chicky chick we're
getting ready to go in the car yeah
Hawks don't wear chickens here we go oh
that's cute
is that a tear on your face what's the
matter
I like the units last year's costume
with this year's firefighter good yes if
you guys remember last year's video
started out here in the parking lot in
front of those trees remember when
Jackson had the accident bro
anyway I'll put a little I card across
the screen okay so you can watch last I
want to do I want to tell Bonnie what I
saw here yesterday I was here yesterday
doing work and I saw this big horse
trailer and a buggy and it was a
horse-drawn hearse and yeah a funeral
over here yeah who is being ever wait
for s-code hold on
The Hulk drawn on the Hulk mm-hmm
what what are you gonna get it put it
again put something on his um no we went
through the spook alley he really was
there spooky house sweaty I was you have
a professional artist drawing Ness
Boston this is what the kids look for
for the carnival is the bobbing of the
donut and what that won't get messed up
thank you okay we gotta wait for
Boston's no you got to wait for Boston
what'd you get on your face you got a
skeleton and you got a shield yes I
think that's great
are you nervous Boston you guys see how
timid he did okay hold on
one two three see how he doesn't even
try nonchalantly eating it good job you
guys this is what they live for didn't
get it get it get it
you're doing good Olivia Olivia is the
winner by far good job sister
good job Snow White did he get something
happy Jackson just got a surprise Cody's
waiting for his surprise at the fishing
pond reel it in son would you show me
what you got
let me see that is cool
he arrested you Oh find a chair by the
chair oh look over there hurry there's a
chair right next to counter such action
okay sit right there
come on sit right there see right you
okay you're gonna play this game
Wow okay there we go okay
which one Hey you won you won
Jackson you won okay go up there you get
a second on now who's the new kid Cloris
is going to help you throw that over
whoo
okay
okay wait till they give you wait till
they give you hope better pull it boy
whoo go get your loot your fish got away
what is that show me show me how it
works
Oh see fish for one okay let's fish
let's throw a line over put that in your
bucket so you don't lose it I snuck away
a little bit from the party because I
think I found where the real good stuff
is
I found the world's largest bag of
popcorn right there and then also I
found the donuts unchanged to anything
free for the takin outsmarted those
carnies
some week
yeah best part of the Halloween party
you go check out your loot I don't have
okay after you and AH I'll trade you
he's looking for a finger so I know you
found that one on the floor and I think
it might have been Cody's maybe you can
trade him for something can you trade
him with something you know you should
trade him with this yeah I don't really
I don't like this okay here Boston you
have gotten healed perfect right before
you look look man how did the bingo
here watch good yeah are we good watch
your head 1 2 3 that pretty cool yeah
the club tops let me check there you go
good job there really that Lincoln
you're gonna make everybody scream come
here honey
mister I haven't slept in one time today
come here sweetie come on come on out
just go find just a bottle or something
so in this video goes up it's going to
be Halloween for everybody so I'm going
to say Happy Halloween and you guys will
see our Halloween video tomorrow for you
guys so we are gonna head back over to
Elaine chairs I think we're going to get
in the hot tub but I think I'm not gonna
record so I'm your say goodbye to you
guys now and we'll see you guys tomorrow
Halloween everything
