oh good you I just want baby Oh King is
that your favorite part
damn I got in the pool oh yeah they may
become like singer that a horse
they made that girl that'll rambling
looks like ganba horns at it and you go
on your ground
what why can't you just find there's a
blue side
come on my gosh I can't even but did you
record on the same night I'm at the
other door it's like open his friends
yeah here I saw Matt my school mom I
guess what
let's get Jared
tell me good morning you guys I am in
the bathroom and I am trying to get all
of my stuff put away from our trip I'm
trying to get ready but I am tired I am
so tired Joel denier beat so I'm doing
laundry putting stuff away and he is
outside mowing the lawn right now if you
guys remember from a few videos ago I
have been complaining about my dry skin
and how it's just been acting up I
stopped wearing makeup for like a week
and then you guys also know that I've
been working with a vino this is my last
sponsored video by a vino at least for
this year I have thoroughly enjoyed
working with it they actually sent me a
few products and I feel like it really
did help with my skin and made it look
good for New York City and many of you
guys commented on my skin while I was in
New York City my makeup so you can thank
these guys for that the first product
that I go in with is the serum it's
clinically proven to improve the
appearance of fine lines hydrates and
improve skin texture I always go into
the serum before a lotion because the
serum goes down into the skin and then
the lotion holds it in on top at least
that's how I have it like envisioned in
my mind the second products that I go in
with is the restorative night cream it
is also clinically proven to reduce the
appearance of fine lines and wrinkles as
well as help reduce the visible effects
of elastin and collagen loss and even
though this says it's a night cream I
use it as a day cream because I'm that
dry once my skin equalizes out I'm not
going to have to use it as a day cream
anymore but for the last few weeks
that's what I've been using as a day
cream I want to genuinely think Aveeno
for not only sponsoring this video but
for allowing me to work with them
throughout this whole year I think that
their products are really great and they
have been an absolute pleasure to work
with so thank you
if I was out there filling up pumpkin
sacks with leaves I would be a disaster
like I'd be a hot mess out there messing
with the bag but he grabbed a garbage
can lined it with a bag and now he's
filling it I think he's the smartest man
in the world oh that's cute
good job everybody good teamwork round
two here I tried putting him down for a
nap and he was not having it and he
cried and he cried you did not to take
his first nap maybe it's just different
being he's excited down here hold your
pinky no he's so tired he's been awake
all day it is 2:00 in the afternoon you
are going to take it drink your bottle
good night
I'm so exhausted
Joel is over at the church and a lot of
times I when I tell you guys but Joel is
over at the church doing work he is over
the finances of our ward our church has
steaks and wards and just anyway he's
over our ward and the financial
department does Joel now it feels so
good to have my kids home that here
comes in but I wanted to make dinner
with them I thought we all linked it and
he wants to grab the bottom of that
camera we're gonna make tacos soup I'm
getting older like what are they my
license and my to ice my windows yeah
and I just wanna show you I promise
they're cute they're they're poisonous
that this was nice did you know that um
mice and rat paint um peppermint while
we're making dinner I want to tell
everybody the video that we made a
couple of days ago it was titled 9/11
memorial because it is a controversial
topic and because it deals with war I
wasn't allowed to have that up so I just
took those tags out change the title and
they approved it to be monetized it just
I don't know I felt wrong like if I just
felt like I can't talk about what
happened to our country like I can't
talk about that
yet there are other channels that have
like I give news is like f word through
it and like just not nice things that's
like that was a good wholesome vlog that
talked about what happened to our
country an Italian
and not to like to me that just was not
okay oh my gosh you guys look the best
there's a deer out here anyway and just
because I changed the tags they have
they approved the video hello dear how
are you how are you live dear I guard
this year watch what she does so Olivia
just opened the sliding glass door and
see what she does not all the way just a
crack Oh Oh usually she runs usually
they run away just kidding she's gonna
stand there she wants you to but not me
perfect there's nothing for me piano has
been neglected because I've been gone
not neglected I should not say the
collection until I know I have when you
aren't as concentrated yeah we will make
sure to change that this week want me I
think the whole lesson is going to be us
doing our Court so get your hands up see
e and g don't be nervous because I
brought the camera out kids are
downstairs crying Jill's getting them
all beige okay now listen to the
metronome and where should your eyes Oh
our metronome stopped maybe it thinks
we're not paying attention I need to get
a real one for now this is going to have
to work okay
okay no look at your fingers are not on
the right keys c e and g where's your
phone there we go
okay now listen does Olivia tends to go
a little fast try to listen right to the
metronome okay where your eyes going to
be on your hand yes because sometimes
you don't like to push all the keys
because your
hands are kind of little mmm-hmm okay
ready
a little fast little fast little faster
you listen to click good click click to
nose for scale but now we got to put it
to the metronome and that's really hard
I remember having a really hard to a
really hard time to and Louise used to
say listen Bonnie can you hear that can
you hear that
and should pound on pipe the and I
could say I can hear it but my mind just
doesn't want to do it and now that I'm
older it seems so much easier but I
think it always seems so much easier
because I did I practice do you like
piano ok I have to show them how much
you've improved so start with your chord
just get ready to take a deep breath ok
so good oh she did so good good job high
five yay good job the super done and I
hope I'm not forgetting anything it
looks a little bit different
um I'm stripping and it's really really
easy it's just um cilantro chicken and
then a whole bunch of cans of soup
I mean a beans chanceless you can't cans
of just tortilla soo with some chicken
extra it's great and taco seasoning
that's all it is and it's really yummy
it still looks good kids love it
the kids love it I'm excited I'm really
excited to start off like soup season
yep okay Boston go sit down he he was so
cute downstairs he got into Olivia's
room like always and the first thing he
did was went straight to her little
rocker chair that's why I drug it out in
the main room for him so happy just
sitting up like an old man
patting the handles huh kind of a non
real man sour cream - I eat it with
chips cheese cheese is good on anything
everyone has been bathed Boston what
were you asking me you want to say the
prayer Cody hop up please fold your arms
move your hands off the table and we
will have a prayer does it feel good to
have mom and dad mom yeah does it good
well it feels good to be home do
anything John yeah Lincoln you're
waiting patiently slice a new your piece
like this um yes or some pasta or okay
hold on father are you ready to pray
holiness okay hold on yes we are ready
to pray give me one you guys are so cute
I love you all can you guys say good
night to everybody
yeah good night good night from the holy
household tomatoes I forgot the tomatoes
that's why the sauce or the UM yeah it
looked more clear forgot the tomatoes
museum rage oh yeah yeah I'm gonna get
my point across do you kids still like
it though
yummy yummy hello there a tiny bit
somber because we had to talk about
biting nails his biting nails a good
habit or a bad habit bad habit and all
my kids they tend to be nail biters
Joel's a nail biter but he doesn't like
biting down to the nubs anyway we're
working on it or working on it aren't we
kids okay we'll add tomatoes for
tomorrow plenty for leftovers
