good morning you guys Jolin I stayed up
late last night we slept in all morning
and we just got done having a couples
massage down in the spa looking best
massage ever I think I say that every
time I have a massage but they just get
better they were running a little bit
late when they brought us back for our
appointments and so we are running a
little bit behind this is the little
locker room that we have or that I have
to get ready in and so we are gonna
hurry and get ready really seriously
have like 20 minutes so I am taking my
precious getting ready time to address
all of you yeah so I don't think we'll
get really ready I'm just gonna throw
some clothes on and we're gonna go so
let's get ready since nobody else is in
here I want to show you how pretty the
bathroom is the counter has like this
blue and brown like this is very pretty
and then back here they have a place for
the showers look at the shower doors oh
my gosh the shower doors are so pretty I
love this I love everything about this
JFK I'll have to look are you gonna be
okay in the back seat back seat yeah you
said you were getting sick last time nah
I think I'm good
oh we're not at the airport I wanna go
oh yes yes yes yes yes
it is busy and rainy are you ready to go
home Joel yeah really I think I could
stay another like week I didn't even get
any makeup on no air in there I
seriously I would like my hair I was
like there's so much oil in my hair from
the massage I'm like I can't do anything
with this mess I thought you were gonna
like showers I was waiting on national
he was in there shaving showering I'm
like get out here the rainfall shower
shaving step out okay okay let's give
him the flight yeah no I was like in a
I was to indict when you nicked yourself
shaving
amateur but especially the tunnel
lighting mm-hmm I was expecting Olivia
my first baby I had like 500 necklaces
and twine together and I was so
frustrated because I couldn't do it
so I laid on the bed gel entangled my
jewelry
which you saw in the other vlog he was
untangling when that goes is someone
comes in they're like oh you're making
it mine Tangela and you get mad about
picking up fast entangle it John do you
love me yeah I I love you someone is
that the right answer
am I good to you okay thank you for
anything doing majority
yeah yeah that's not good looking yeah
that's why I wore it
you guys that's why I wore this because
this is the necklace Joel got me I've
said a million times on our first flight
to Kansas City first of all and these
are the earrings that he sent with Ellie
when we were flying to Kansas City I
didn't get you a mystery
oh that's what I was thinking for I was
like
I put an arrow
buddy all pal I don't think your jewelry
this time no it's alright I didn't feel
like eating it anyway so it happens when
you blog ok the security guy has a dog
and the dog is smelling that first step
anyway every single person I've been
watching anyone that walks by they smile
like they weren't smelling before and as
soon as they walk past they smile and if
they don't smile the first time they
smile on the way past em seriously
that's the cutest thing I've seen all
day they love the security guard we were
talking and laughing with them I've
pretty much been talking laughs with
everyone though I love it it makes life
fun
look he keeps telling everybody he's
like keep walking keep walking
see look do you see everyone smiles
everyone look at it he's like a friend
he's like Clippers Oh sup granny she
happy
cain't kitties at home and recording an
airplane for you and this airplane lets
you forget my finger in here this
airplane right there that's the one
we're gonna be boarding on I know that's
what I was showing him ready well I
didn't work out so wonderfully cam
watchin
we're honored
whatever
there
you should have seen Joel just snap he
was like it was like it was like a
wrestling the baggy like almost like I
seriously was like oh and he's gonna
Java go on the beam
you know we're going I'm following those
and it you're laughing about it and I
reminded Joel she remember the time when
I was traveling for my last work and you
were coming to pick me up from the
airport he ran up behind me and scared
me like grabbed me he ran it behind me
for his arms around me I screamed
hold out and it wasn't just like oh it
was like it was so loud like I was
nervous but like security was gonna come
like take you or something
come into the airport thank you
anyone
you got new buckets yeah oh you get a
hold him first did you have fun at
Grandma and Grandpa's did you miss me
who did you miss more mommy or daddy I'm
gonna take you home yeah weeks not
enough gone for you guys come here over
here I need to hold forget the razor he
wants to show you well well when we
pulled up and you were driving this Joe
was like don't tell me dad got a razor
did dad by a razor while I was gone I'm
like I don't fix
did you know you did not know you this
is not yours this is not yours are you
lying so this is the neighbors are you
serious oh yeah it's his no it's dad's
come stand in the light ray can see hey
is this yours yeah that's a really cool
ball what's in your when it's
scary did you get a happy meal oh my
gosh how much fun did you have here I
swear he's thicker
he's B's Baker I think I might cry when
I see my baby you're cause he has a
black eye Boston wants to show me where
he slept he was telling me how he had a
fun time you slept in here was it fun
who made your bed did grandma make it
that's uncle Bulger and did you sleep at
Grandma hole Eames last night you stayed
at both of their houses they shared yeah
oh really like a nightlight or something
oh oh okay Lincoln big grandma said you
guys were so good oh he's big
they're all puffy he's happy he's
smiling a grandma
somebody wanted was grandma because he's
grandpa daddy's turn give me that job he
smells so good did you look him up coz
you knew I was gonna come damn watch
this
Jill was like let's put him on the
ground and see who he comes to first I'm
like that just not a nice game and we
are not playing that because I know he
wouldn't come to me oh he thank you for
watching my baby I had the only reason
that I was okay with being gone is cuz I
knew you had him and I knew he was being
taken care of right here honey bigger
there you go why is he talking to you
huh kids think it's absolutely playtime
thir in there like playing with each
other or fighting not really sure but it
is a little lady evening and by the time
we get home to
Jared's it'll be too late to get the
kids up and so I told Ellie I said in
the morning I'll be there first thing in
the morning to take the kids to school
she's gonna have a minute till tomorrow
so for now we're gonna end the vlog here
and I just want to say thank you for
watching my kids you know they're happy
they're happy good thank you thank you
thank you guys for watching this video
I'm gonna close it here because I'm
gonna edit in the car on the way home no
grandkids just talking about all of our
grandkids yes mom you guys are so good
okay we love you guys thank you so much
for watching we'll see you guys tomorrow
