I love you guys so much the comments
section I just love you guys and I am
definitely learning how to not listen to
my Veda
anyway the AC works so good in here so
we've like I'm like cranked it down down
Jo we cranked it down and it's been
freezing so I'm like cuddling up plus
I'm like trying to hide the morning face
you know distract you with the white
fluff got everything we need okay that
was hard like leather
that's how nice yeah um I really like
mr.singh I really like seriously I
really liked how Joel takes care of me
it's what I should be saying right now I
was really tired this morning and last
night I knew I should have washed my
hands before eating a whole bunch of
Emma news because I have a sore throat
this morning and I know it's because my
hands were dirty these shoes I am not
kidding you are the most comfortable
shoes I have the black ones too and not
comfortable Joel has taken much much
advil I know that it's like almost
winter and yep I am wearing all white
that's what I'm doing going in the
subway we don't really know where we're
going but I think we'll get there yeah
I have people whispering and I must
bring em in is there
we just waited and
but we were in the short reservation the
first seriously we have to get some food
we didn't eat breakfast we are so hungry
located both aboard this vessel stop
near the ferry dock at Liberty ah so
cool and What did he say I didn't know
this but the Statue of Liberty was a
gift from France what I didn't know was
it was 1886 we received the gift from
the French that's what he said I wonder
if that's correct
if that's the case of a civil war
when this was given that's crazy
beautiful this is so amazing out here I
am so glad we're here
you can see all the docs over there for
the shipping and receiving all of these
cargo ships oil liners that are coming
in it's amazing to me that this is such
a tourist town and there is mostly
tourists as what we're about right now
like this is a breathing City this is
like barely standing on Liberty Island
that the wind has calmed down a little
bit so we're not so freezing we are
right at Lady Liberty's feet
I always tell Joel I hate how copper
turns green but in this situation I
guess I can be happy with the way that
the green has turned out you know what
my biggest question well I think how did
the Ghostbusters get her back to there
how would you like a gift that size it's
like I don't know if if the vlog doesn't
Justice she's huge her like her toe
she's wearing sandals and her toe it's
like it's different than I thought it
would be here what if she's conscious of
her toes boy that's not nice she could
be a little bit self-conscious what I
always thought it was was just that
sticking out of the water I didn't
realize there was like an entire little
island around her yeah Joel for my
birthday or for Christmas I need a
present got sighs well I think it's Jim
Gaffigan the comedian he's like good
thing the statue hurt he's beautiful
what if it was ugly you think he gave it
to Mexico REE gift free gift I'm glad
I'm here with you I like your elbow
patches
it's like I don't really know exactly
what to say I just like I just want to
keep recording I just wanna keep
vlogging having fun with you both other
experiences so much every time I see one
of these what do you think hold on hold
on the Kevin yeah so we're in the
building right below the Statue of
Liberty and this is her original to
watch all her original watch watch is
this your favorite part what is this
this is showing you how to created the
molds you know Wow
these old tools look amazing this is a
full-scale copper replica of her foot
it's pretty cool she has very nicely
shaped toenails quit picking your nose
give Lady Liberty a kiss on the lips
give Lady Liberty a kiss on the lips
I've already contracted some sort of
disease Olivia I wish you were here with
me to see these little fun what kind of
dogs do you think those are
I know like a Yorkie poodle mark cookies
inutile ID
thank you
and then we have bonds like let's go
beautiful yeah I'm going to say that the
biggest difference between like Utah is
obviously no mountains they have
buildings we have mountains and but
walking nobody walks and like you Logan
nobody walks nobody works anywhere you
walk onto campus maybe maybe a mall and
walk you drive yeah everybody here walks
and I like it
I think these streets are fun Joel could
never yeah Joel could never live here I
could totally live here like it's kind
of fun
we are not going to be buying anything
in this store but I wanted to come into
this Tiffany's store so isn't the
specific ease in Sweet Home Alabama this
is called the olive collection I look at
it just when I'm bored I'm just like
looking I don't know it's just fun to
look clearly we're not going to be
buying anything but I thought this was a
fun way to end her night the
diamond-encrusted the key to the city
that they have up there two of those for
Christmas mega month I didn't know if
these really was a signature color I
look like I shop at Tiffany's normally
inching your way out inching our way I
don't know but they're huge and tall so
it is because we've been spending a lot
of time editing in the night like 1:00
in the morning and we want to enjoy your
evening together today so we're gonna go
home and get the buck end of it early
before we go to dinner
okay first I gotta show him the plaza
that's the plaza
