sleeping all morning was amazing
bringing our pillows was amazing yep
that was a good idea Joel vacuum-sealed
'im happy problem
we slept last week in a hotel with and
we didn't bring out and of course the
hotel's night was nice and whatnot but
oh my gosh that's the worst night of my
life
we were not doing that for four days
straight Joel just because we're staying
in Trump Tower does that mean we're
voting for Trump I don't want to talk
about it we're not telling you who were
voting for and and he just had to thrown
out there the only reason or staying at
Trump Tower
I didn't even click in my mind that
there was like that connection mm-hmm we
chose to stay here because of the
location we knew where we had to go we
knew where we wanted to go and this was
the perfect location it was very clean
and nice and I was nervous coming to New
York City and so I really wanted like a
oh I heard about myself tan I was like
wow I am just ten anyway so mind your
business we're not time you know we're
voting for this morning we have been
slowly getting ready take our time your
makeup my makeup she's just made herself
home at the bed and giving me this
little bitty chair to sit in oh I'm
kidding I'm kidding
he is untangling this is your still late
leave made no progress on it huh oh my
gosh I feel so sorry well you guys I am
finally ready we are getting ready to
leave our hotel room we've been in here
all day but I'm not complaining we've
had a very relaxing day now the whole
reason that we are here I had a company
seat geek contact me and wanted to know
if I would promote an app for them and I
am so glad that I did before I explain
the app I just want to tell seek thank
you so much for giving us the tickets
and giving us the opportunity to come to
flip
New York City speech geek is an app that
aggregates tickets from all over the web
to make buying event tickets simple
there are all types of events like
sporting Broadway musicals plays and I
chose the Carrie Underwood concert there
is a 1 to 100 score on each ticket so it
allows you to see if you're getting a
good deal or a bad deal the good deals
are green and the bad deals are red
by clicking on the me tab you can enter
code Bonni to get $20 back on your first
order not $20 off you can download the
app by clicking the link in the
description to Central Park
people are like friends people are
friendly
it's a little different than I thought
like I love this what am i my very first
assignment in college was we had to do
like a big study on the on the big parks
and we did the Central Park from New
York City
really I was checking your outfit up
yeah
maybe
I was so excited when he said this was
the whole new language I wanted to come
over well I wanted to sing the bird song
we actually tried getting a room at the
what's it called the Plaza we did try we
just look to see how much this room
knows like minimum $1,000 if Olivia and
Cody and Boston were here they would be
picking up handfuls of a corner Marvel
and collecting them yeah we'd be
bringing off
jaw yours looks wonderful
primal instinct
look at it seriously look at my wedding
there's good smell but it is
it's filling a city
I got this salmon and I love salmon I
always
is it good nice I've been worried about
that I know
which i think is cute because Bonnie
says probably anything off the menu but
there was completely anything up in if
she'll get if there's something she
likes we just got done with dinner and
we are on our way to the I'm so excited
I live live being loved Carrie Underwood
like I love her anyways
the guy in the restaurant anyway he kept
coming over and like saying hi checking
on us and Joel had his knife that he
used yeah half on the plate and half on
the table and so did I and when he was
talking to us he just like casually like
grabbed my knife stuck it on across the
plate that's probably like the correct
etiquette and we didn't know that was a
little like oh I didn't feel quite
intimidated until he did that and I was
just like I am so out of my league oh
yeah I felt just fine like he was like
just teaching us like you got to start
somewhere just goes to show us prompters
as good a man as we think we have still
not problem yeah
oh yeah and show us about a boat I'm
enjoying my trip with you mm-hmm
this has been the funnest I think we're
having more fun now than we did her oh
yeah for sure like we're funny
our honeymoon was pretty amazing pretty
amazing san Diego's amazing but New York
City I mean I've been to the Macdonald
I've been to that McDonald's she all
said something I was like where are we
gonna eat nice mentioned McDonald's I'm
like Joel I think you were saying you
went to McDonald's when you came I came
here on a scout camp it was the Scout
National Jamboree and when you've got
like it's it it is a little bit crazy to
think about how expensive stuff is like
like all the cab rides all the like has
changed 15 years ago when I went to the
World Trade Center towers and I have my
ticket summer it was $11 I remember
looking at it and it was $11 to go it's
not $11 when we went more like six times
$11 and the Statue of Liberty was nine
dollars to go to the top
that was five times but it makes me
wonder what everybody does here like
what do people do to like live here cuz
it's expensive like it's expensive here
well you dress up like make you mints
I'm not around is there Mickey Mouse oh
yeah there's all the figures oh the baby
out there no I can't see anybody out
there right now you're my favorite
Kate let's be honest though these TVs
are longer than our house like these TVs
are bigger than our house it's just nuts
I love it out here though it's very fun
Madison Square Garden that's where
Marilyn Monroe sings happy birthday to
JFK Marilyn's was on one side Central
Park in JFK's on
we wanted to close the plug here at
Madison Square Garden because of all the
crowd as much fun as much fun watching
these boxes we have creating this is
what we're doing like this
it's amazing where it gets fun work I
can't believe this is considered work I
am really missing our babies if you want
to see what Olivia and Cody are up to
they are on ILI's channel so make sure
to go watch them I know I watch that
every morning when I'm getting ready to
so we will see you guys tomorrow
for watching
