I may have woke up a half hour late
today because my stinking alarm didn't
go off Siri I hate you but it is
4:59 we wanted to leave at five o'clock
and did i vacuumed my way out of my
house you bet I did
you okay you probably can't see but
there is a load of new missionaries
right there how does that make you feel
sometimes I remember Joel going I called
you free he called me from you can't do
that anymore I don't know I don't even
know if I was supposed to do this oh he
did I remember I was in my first
apartment I never had to call
so what's the number one way to get
stopped huh you have to go in and stand
you were gonna send off way too many
alarms Bonnie's looking for a reason to
like make chaos this morning so let's
just bring her to the airport huh huh
they laugh I think it helps they're more
highlight of their day right there
this lady
got it and we got it look at stick you
keep she is sitting there she's the
cutest thing ever
she's the one who organized this trip
and got us all set up and she is
adorable in her little cat and I don't
know if you noticed but she picked green
because that's my favorite color on her
kids now she's just playing to the
camera that's ridiculous
I got to show my babies back home the
big airplane that we're getting on to
because Cody and Boston are gonna think
this is so cool thing with Olivia they
wanted to come with us so bad ladies and
gentlemen we have we got our final
descent into New York City in
preparation for landing
we need everyone to bring their seats to
the upright position please make sure
your seatbelts are securely fastened and
that you remain seated everybody knows
like who is that guy it was Michael
Buble I don't know what he's a really
good singer he's knocked a lot of weight
he looks skinny if some girl told him
she goes dude in the car right now
please and then everyone was stopping
him and I was like is he a rapper no
he's like uh old school Lakers but not
the blues maybe
we're staying in the Trump Tower look at
this place
okay so we were checking in and that
lady walked out that was with Michael
Buble and he looked right at me smiled
like he was to see loved it
he's lost so much weight maybe he
recognized you
I finally dug I missed him why we made
it up into our hotel these hotels are
half the size of Utah ones and quadruple
the price so you walk in and there's a
little closet this is where I put our
bags here's the little bathroom
nothing fancy well I mean guess it is
kind of nice but so bathroom walked down
a little hall there's a little kitchen
area in here and then there's just a
little room like a little bed and
everything the view we told them that we
wanted to see this today so here we are
isn't that cool it's beautiful and
awesome you guys welcome to New York
City New York
no I don't know what to do thank God we
got a plan an hour hey before we go I
got a hurry in powder because this face
is glowing forgot to mention one little
detail he Michael Buble made eye contact
with me waked at me he was like
seriously the cutest man I've ever seen
have you seen yourself how did we kitc
are you doing Joel that was amazing like
I seriously him oh you got a scan your
card
I'm going down oh you're going up that
may be lightheaded one day I feel like
I'm on Amazing Race we just stole he's
okay
they just got into that welcome to one
world observatory
Bonnie and I are standing in the tallest
building in the Western Hemisphere of
the world and if you don't recognize the
skyline you're seeing we are in New York
City right now and we are at one World
Trade Center Plaza funny I came to New
York City it didn't figure it out
already but the first place I wanted to
go was the World Trade Center Memorial
and one world trade tower because 15
years ago in July it was the end of the
July and August 2001 before the towers
went down I stood on the towers with my
dad and my brother and so this is the
second time back here this is pretty
special to me and I'm really excited and
I wanted ring Bonnie here so these
pictures are these ones that Joel took
while he was here but I wish so much
what if you have you I don't know what
we were thinking we were just dumb
teenagers we didn't know how to take
photos anyway and you couldn't look at
Emmaus they were a disposable camera so
they're just pictures of like the city
skyline and you can see but and and
we're not in very many of
but I'm excited to be back and see all
the stuff that I've seen before
yeah this is it's hard not to get choked
up like when you talk about the tower
that we're standing in if anyone didn't
know this tower was built as a memorial
after the Twin Towers were after 9/11
after the attack 9/11 collapse tomorrow
attack by terrorists this is the
apartment we're gonna go down to the
plaza square where the actual blueprints
of the towers were that's what I'm most
excited to me oh my gosh this is the
footprint of one of the towers you can
see there's a passed away incident
that's amazing I can't find that picture
I've ever laying on the ground and this
is the Memorial Tower
it's incredible so we walked over here
to the other Tower this is the other
Tower
so little for how big the buildings okay
we're taking dinner to the streets I got
a oven margherita pizza what is that
Joel
pastrami nachos he's waiting on his taco
I think she just called you a tourist
we're here at the Empire State Building
and they had to ask Joel why we're even
here because it's an iconic I know but
why why do people come Utah the world
did you say it used to be the tallest
building Wow
but not anymore and now it's what just
real estate in here
you notice when you walk me bunny buck
around the entire river so there's a
couple of side
realist name for
what if I dropped my camera down there I
felt like think these so nervous I would
be so sad to like lose all of our
footage from the dicks we've got a fun
freakin day you have to do it all again
tomorrow and we're too tired to do that
that is just not going to happen
wait no Seattle was in New York City
like I feel scared to come a lot
different than I thought and this is
very fun walking the streets of New York
it's kind of it's pretty friendly it's
fun yeah yeah is that the Empire State
really get on top of that yeah so fun
awesome it's the shape check we found it
at least we know it's close look out
like heck that is yes it must be good
we're gonna take a taxi
for like let's just box even watney's
like two miles this is Times Square at
night and it is so amazing this is not
what Logan Utah looks like at night jeez
it's freezing right now and it's not
even New Year's Eve didn't you come
around 1808 yeah this is crazy this is
so fun we're going to take a night you
guys on the streets of New York City
thank you guys so much for watching
don't forget to watch us tomorrow you
guys tomorrow
