Oh give me kisses if you love me okay
food first
okay everybody just a little bit on
the way home and so we all go home and
now everyone's rejuvenated from their
sleep and it's very tight guys happy
Bolivia's cracking a box was cracking up
the only good ones downstairs us to
leave that's okay he was in trouble
anyway oh did you look at see what he
did I it looked like only a little
Marconi di biagio he drew in this on the
suburban see the crayon I had to pull
the camera out when we got home tonight
because not only was Lincoln being so
adorable but I came home to the sweetest
surprise
so yesterday before we left to go to the
hotel my mom was driving up this way as
we were driving down that way so she
came to our home and we weren't here but
she left me the sweetest sweetest
housewarming surprise I came home to
this beautiful scene so when we packed
up our kitchen the only thing the one
and only thing that got broke during our
renovation was my Fenton cake plate so
Joel had bought me a Fenton cake plate
and my mom since I already had one got
all the girls one for Christmas and I
got something different anyway so I came
home to this it's the exact same one
Fenton is a glass blown glass items is
that ray is that how you would say old
school glass company yeah anyway so my
mom found that
brought that to me this is a picture
that my grandma drew just for me the
older grandkids got a painting from our
grandma and that means I mean this has
been on my bedroom wall since I was just
teeny tiny and I remember when I was in
high school gold was not a thing but
silver was totally in and I remember
thinking oh I hate how the frame is gold
but now I'm like heck yeah gold that's
like more popular now and I can't wait
to put this in Olivia's room so I'm
going to get some gold frames and put
her um Barry pictures in it's going to
be really awesome and then this came
from my aunt Patsy and then I care I
think Santa Claus brought this to me
this is a Pendleton blanket it's a wool
Pendleton blanket if you know the brand
Pendleton you know that's a really nice
item and my mom and I'm going to end dad
my mom and dad left me this note and it
says we brought you a little
housewarming gift you sure have a
beautiful home and we are very happy and
pleased for you love your stinking guts
mom and dad mom and dad that was the
sweetest thing to come home to do
anything that was nice I thought that
was pretty awesome that's don't stink so
it is Saturday evening and we just got
back from Jeff in Tiffany's place they
had a little birthday party Jeff not
little he's turning 40 anyway John
grandma grandpa brought the boys home
google his shoes if they're not on the
wrong feet I mean good grief oh well he
refused to let me take him in but
grandpa will do you'll allow grandpa to
bring him in never though Oh even gave
you a smile that's unheard of waking a
member out of the car put you down now
okay good morning welcome to our Sunday
morning um what is this called event
what is it what
like an event called good morning
welcome to a campus parking some sort of
event yeah well they first you have to
start highest to lowest that's how limbo
works never genuine any place you have
it your back would never allow you to
you would lose from you would live in
every sense of losing okay good job okay
now we're gonna lower it just a little
hello can you go go hello can you go oh
oh my gosh I did not mean to do that
seriously
okay that's not even Jolie's give zahana
do limbo touching my nose I feel like it
felt oh good job good okay now we're
gonna lower just a little bit more okay
see if you can do it go ahead
oh okay try it again we're gonna lower
just a little more no see how you do
this is Cody's idea here oh good job
okay Boston you have to bend backwards
no you can't touch it Bend back watch
Cody watch funny watching funny doing
what
good job okay we're gonna lower just a
little more see if you can do that code
let's see how low can you go okay try
again we won't move it let's see how low
you can go
come on come on Gumby no you gotta so
open your legs a little more now bend
your legs and go yeah
good job Cody Olivia last a tooth this
morning maybe that would be some good
luck let's go sister Olivia you stink
you have the limberness from your father
that is for sure
Joe is the most rigid manual ever Mia
it is Sunday afternoon and I have been
downstairs packing the kids I've been
packing the kids because we are shipping
them off to a few family members and Joe
and I are going on a little business
trip and um I told Joel I said I don't
want us to fight during this business
trip because it's for leisure too like
we're gonna stay extra because we want
to have a really enjoyable time well I
came upstairs and I am honestly honestly
just trying not to cry Joel's up here
doing dishes and he was hand mopping the
floor which I honestly appreciate so
much and I think I said this before
whenever we've wanted to go on a trip or
whenever Thanksgiving rolls around a
birthday John I it's just inevitable we
get into a fight sometimes we can't
shake it and it kind of ruins like
moment and not moment but like the like
you holiday over there whatever it is
and a month ago I told Joel my breast
was falling down okay that's good a
month ago I told Joel I said if we end
up fighting I will not take you on
mister I feel I don't want to like go
and fight the whole time
I like be unhappy and so we both we said
like I'm gonna try my very best to
please the other person or like help
them like help them out like just I
don't know really work as a team
and just think of the other person yeah
I've been to the other person and we
have tried so hard this month to just be
really good to each other and we're not
leaving no I can say we got a fight can
happen in the end the late evening hours
but I cannot wait to go on this business
trip with you oh I cannot wait this is
my first business trip ever
I know it really is joe has always
wanted to go to business trip I've
actually traveled with a company that I
used to work with quite a bit like not
quite a bit but for my age and like for
like what it was they were gone home I
went probably every other month I was on
like a business trip or something like
that for a while but and I don't know
I'm so excited we haven't been we have
not been away from the kids we haven't
gone somewhere like this since our
honeymoon so okay there's been almost 10
years it means we have to have our carry
ons and walk really really fast through
the airport somewhere to go and just we
can't talk to anybody we got business um
I accidentally told everyone where we
were going in a couple of blocks ago um
but I'm not telling you it until the
morning so excited if you want to find
out who watch little blogs or wait till
tomorrow wait till they pop spell yeah
you get into it's a sour apple we're on
our way to go to Ellie's dinner oh look
at the saliva coming out of her mouth
we're on way to go have Sunday dinner at
Ellie's new place and there's a big old
deer in our yard and we stopped to say
hello to her real quick oh let me thank
you brother I told mom and dad I've seen
deer trample people's cars so I hope she
doesn't trample our car okay
by little baby boy you are gonna go
Lincoln Lincoln you're gonna go with
Grandma and Grandpa and I'm gonna miss
you like absolute crazy I'm gonna miss
you
good bye bye bye I love you good bye oh
he's waving to Grandpa can you give me
one more kiss mmm he's waving to Grandpa
you little stink say goodbye to me
I've burned you yeah I love you bye bye
okay you have your hooky and you're
gonna go with Grandpa and Grandma hey
gals
whoops yep okay I love you I'm gonna
miss you my sweet babboo I can't okay
thank you so much mom chaos you guys in
a week almost are you Thursday
I'm gonna leave you Cody and Olivia here
at Ellie's house what are you thinking
No what do you think and tell me we're
just one us wanna come I don't want to
leave you I know and like I really be
kidding but do you think that you're
gonna be having fun oh they're gonna
maybe swim in the hunt I need big smiles
do you know why because I want to
remember your big happy faces do you
promise that you'll go to bed when I
tell each other bed promise okay you be
good you be happy and that Elly's going
to practice the piano with you that's
okay stand up I want to show them your
outfit is that not the cutest skirt
you've ever seen there's a place called
her burgers here oh and they're all done
there's place for our burgers anyway I
feel sad to leave my kids I'm gonna miss
them like absolute crazy but they're in
good hands for in good hands Joel this
is it
we are lone Ranger's we have no kids I
have I feel like the weirdest feelings
right now I just like um I don't I did
when I was dropping the kids off like
when we were leaving and I'm like this
feels good now that we're home we don't
have them like this is uh no I feel like
I can't talk up wit dark closet whoa
nobody's asleep but I thought somebody
take that race asleep somewhere okay we
have to get early early we have to leave
our house at 5:00 in the morning so we
have to hurry and go to bed so that we
can sleep and we get really four-hour
flight and I cannot wait can't believe
it
I'm excited I'm excited okay tune in for
tomorrow and we'll tell you where we're
going okay talk to you guys tomorrow bye
hi guys
