kids were so good and quiet this morning
even boldly I did she take Cody when I
was leaving you they did really good and
yeah I well that's why I'm shown and
they made tents and they played quietly
they looked out into the city and
Lincoln the only one I was looking at
were you and Lincoln he slept in the
little extra bathroom over here and we
woke him up this morning did you
actually wake him up Boston dude he's
like can I go in there I'm like yeah
we're gonna make sure he's alive he's so
good it went that seriously like
whenever the kids don't wake up I'm like
are they dead well that's not so
dramatic that I know but you really get
you worried just like okay that's
sleeping really long that was his like
recovery sickness sleep right there he
just crap I am so grateful but because
things could have been way worse this we
can't believe Nick often through the
night and I thought that was crazy that
he just went out yeah but I think I
thinks women took it out of him mm-hmm
all the kids they slept really good so
happy because we've had hotel rooms
before when they haven't slept nothing
awesome new guys are gonna go get
breakfast with daddy and I am gonna get
ready
Boston looks like a big boy like I think
he's like had a growth spurt or
something cuz he's think he looks
different don't you think yeah well I
seen him like fully naked yesterday and
just like there was nothing but legs
they're like oh yeah he's so skinny okay
okay have fun I'm gonna get ready hey
can you guys tell that Lincoln has been
on the wild today look at him there's
breakfast I'll be sorry he has been
running in and out of closets running in
and out of everywhere I'm playing ninjas
in it
I'm strategically moving the camera so
we don't show bosses naked by wish you
could cuz it seriously this is what he's
doing like
no I seriously being so strategic care
okay
have you guys watched the show gold rush
Joel and I used to watch it all the time
and we don't usually we haven't seen it
in a really long time but we like that
show a lot yes
oh and we set up all night last night
watching Oh Impractical Jokers
Impractical Jokers yes that was so funny
they're laughing so hard oh wow
okay so for makeup today all I'm doing
is my eyebrows and my eyelashes my skin
has been it's been crazy anyway and I've
had a few treatments done on it and I
don't want to put stuff on I just want
it to breathe because I want it to get
better quickly so anyway I wanted to put
my makeup on I love putting my makeup on
but I'm just gonna go naked face today
besides my lashes and brows for just
time to go he's like get that bag out of
my face it just dawned on me the kids
were like well look at that building so
oh dang and we're going mine the truth
so you can't see it hold on Giorgio or
Chico oh right it there in Salt Lake
City is the capital of Utah and that is
the state capital not the little houses
yeah okay this is a horrible okay we
totally lost it I am sorry I apologize
oh you can kind of see it back there
state capital the floors are made of
marble it's beautiful it's amazing I
think I've been there and I don't know
why we did it when we were in such
debate about our marble countertops what
not I don't know why we didn't go there
to look at it to look at our marble
inside of their room it's been late guys
I want to know what sealer they have on
it cuz that place gets a lot of traffic
and it looks nice it's no traffic
don't there somewhere it's weather is
slightly better do you love it but my
head looks so small my boxes look so
huge with my hair back if my hair is
down it doesn't look so crazy but anyway
so I guys hear the canyon that we're
driving through right now is so much
scarier than the one to our place we can
drive the canyon to our place like
nothing it reason the one this one is so
scary and we were talking about all the
different times that we've had to drive
this road well I bet everybody's
wondering when is Joel's store no time
it's right now right now I was up here
skiing
I got like free day passes for me and my
best friend Mike and we came up here ski
and I was like hey Mike you want to go
skiing thinking it'd be a cheap nice
experience no and they were so excited
because these the tickets was skiing are
so expensive and so to get two free ones
like that was awesome oh that was a
screaming doe it's all yeah well look up
up spend the day go we came up I lost
the keys to my truck and I drove and we
locked all of our stuff in the cab of
the truck we couldn't get any of it out
anyway had to go home and wait until the
next day for a dealership to come up and
make the keys for me which if you guys
have had that done it's like $200 oke
Oke actually just anyway then
then to make matters worse we got up to
the truck the next morning to meet the
tow truck there and somebody had smashed
in my window and stolen everything out
of it room with his own shovel there was
a shovel in the back of the truck bed
they took our shovel it's left a window
and salt to the wound keep it there for
my own survival like you know in case
the truck gets stuck in the snow
whatever Jill is very prepared if he
didn't know anyway so I had to pay like
$500 for a window I had to pay like $500
for keys and then I had my phone stolen
so I had to buy a new phone which my
phone ended up getting back to me
whatever through some miracle
my buddy lost his phone and he had a new
iPhone at the time and Matt left oh he
had a blackberry because that was the
thing at the time wasn't the blackberry
and it was a couple hundred bucks so our
free ski trip that we like when we were
at lunch every were like we're gonna
splurge we're gonna buy like good lunch
we thought $15 lunches we both forgot
goggles so we're like yeah 30 bucks on
goggles I'm fine we were 45 bucks into
the ski trip that's not nothing you know
thought we were living like kings
oh and thousand dollars later I was at
work at the time we we were pretty
familiar were leaders yeah he was like
he called me a broken man oh my gosh
call your wife be like well cuz I felt
so good about I was like we're not going
crazy we're not breaking the budget
because things were tight when we first
got me I was your sugar mama when we got
yeah
I felt so bad I was like I feel like I'm
spending Bonnie's money right
such a rough stink today this is this is
the canyon
I remember complaining about my back
going back to school shopping like I
kept telling my mom like I was in high
school and I was probably being sassy
and I'm like I just want like cool
clothes I want to go to Park City and go
shopping so she took me and my friend
Angela to Park City I think I wanted to
drive and she's like I'll Drive you
anyway we broke down in the canyon our
white pony oh honey at Grand Prix it was
so cute that was a cutest car um anyway
and we brought down my dad had to come
get us he was a little bit and that was
just like all of us were just like did
this Canyon is scary okay so this is the
way to my grandma and grandpa Griffiths
old home they are no longer living on
this earth but we used to drive here and
me and Beau and Ruby and Julie and Ellie
we'd all over just across this bend we'd
anxiously wait sometimes we'd all
pretend we were still asleep because we
would see who could see the castle first
and I'm sitting there looking for it
where's the where's the castle everybody
big yeah this is a little different it
used to look if my brother and sisters
are watching this video they can be
searching for it with me I don't know
that is look okay right under this
little hill it's closer than I remember
that right there the green hey yep
doesn't really look like a castle
anymore
little cul-de-sac I grew up driving up
to so this is my grandma and grandpa's
old home and it's funny because it seems
so huge in my mind like but it's just a
regular sized place it looks a little
different in my memory but that's it
that was my grandma grandpa's old home
yeah in the link below yep look it off
Olivia told um Joel's mom she said Wow
do you miss grandma Carrigan and she
said yeah I miss grandma Carrigan and
she said yeah me too I pray for grandma
Carrigan every night which I thought was
really tender because I remember when my
grandma passed away and I was as little
older than Olivia but
I used to pray for her too
even though she was already gone guess I
was praying for her wherever she was
well she's doing the same looking out
for us
we are meeting everybody here at the
bowling lane it's I know it doesn't look
like anything special but we heard that
they have amazing hamburgers so we're
gonna find out first we got to get
everybody out of the car and of course
he's out he is totally out and he is not
happy he is an angry Hulk when you wake
him up so yeah okay Ruby and I are like
standing here talking our kids are
pulling at our slaves with them get off
we're like talking about our facials are
you that face proud of your to place for
them not like that's it we were like
okay just a minute we were laughing at
this place because it is kind of like
rundown not right well maybe I don't
know it's just all you know yeah it's a
bowling alley supposedly these have
really good burgers I'm excited to see
if it like lives up to its radley better
be doing good what these boys don't know
is the Heather that they have to have
money they don't care they're just
pushing buttons that's all they care
about
I love the old school of course blossoms
on the marble I'm the old school game
thing that's so cute
hey go ahead play the fake video games
okay we made it to the Heber creeper and
we're waiting in line everyone is
boarding the Train
pumpkin train how many of you this is
your first time ever understand you know
we've been here for 170 years oh please
come more often
are you guys ready to go are you ready
to go behind it what do you think
commuters love to do when they're riding
to work in the morning or on the way up
we see late and the last thing they want
is the conductor coming through saying
show your ticket I want to punch your
ticket so you notice all these seat
backs have a little slot right here and
that slot was to stick your ticket in so
you can go to sleep and then when the
conductor came by he could pull your
ticket out and he be punches what's
today later 20 and it's October pure hot
cream then he can punch me a ticket
without waking you up a little bit of
train trivia okay any other questions
today
my window stuck he bent over and left
hey where have you guys been the whole
time
hey Ruby just closed her vlogging now
it's mic so she has to drive I told her
I so I'm gonna Greene called my blog so
that I can edit on our three-hour drive
home because that's not a logical thing
to do yes it does thank you for meeting
us here this is for lighting oh your hat
in my face huh this is awkward
okay goodbye that's right I don't like
him I know and that's why I don't like
burnt face this was a super fun day for
us I hope it's a good vlog for you guys
give it a thumbs up if you liked it and
we'll see you guys in our next video bye
