did co2 eat the last cinnamon roll maybe
we'll make some more this morning but I
want to tell you guys our plans I held
off don't mind my morning Facebook
I held off on telling the kids our plans
because everyone's been sick but we all
woke up Joel feels better I feel better
I never felt too too bad in the beach to
begin with and these kids feel much
better somehow they all ended up in my
bed this morning though that was just
kind of fun huh okay our plan is is it
is spring right now is that Spring Break
it's Fall Break Olivia already knows our
plans so she's pretty excited but what
we're gonna do is dad has a doctor
appointment this afternoon and as soon
as he gets home we are gonna go down to
a hotel you want to bring your monkey
blanket Guardi about to get too annoying
all those puppies up after we go to the
hotel the next morning we're gonna meet
up with can't Ruby and Russell and Chad
and Sheri and possibly grandma grandpa
I'm not really sure we're gonna go I
don't know if you guys remember when we
went to the Hebert creeper it's a real
train we're gonna go
last year we gotta bail B get T yeah hot
chocolate we got a blanket that was a
couple years ago and that was at
Christmastime Boston we're going to go
on a real train and they're gonna have a
pumpkin patch and we get to pick out our
own pumpkin killi killi ah yeah with
Gavin Tamar I like the black the red in
the black yeah just a minute for good
you're not even excited you gotta go
right on a real train love the hood and
we can wear our costumes I got to make
sure to tell her Ruby that so she brings
my whole conscience and my math my love
so I can read will hook
yeah met April i hook my seat black dude
and she flip out
are my teeth are keavy good was he tired
okay
he was kind out there cutting what so
did you go to them hey you did and then
was he happy
okay good what did you say a thank you
you did that's really polite and I could
get John Paul okay Emma yes you are
doing a wonderful job holding the camera
I guess float excited that you want to
turn it around
shut it
yeah that's what baby can't get one we
ever goddamn puzzle you took not to ever
love you when I seriously oh my gosh oh
if you guys want to see I'm a birthday
surprise you're gonna have to go look at
me go I'll put it down in the
description we have we were little cute
Julie you didn't even tell me you were
doing math I usually know everything
tell my mom because I wanted her to be
right underneath you
oh yeah I remember when Julie got mad
that's so cute
you totally downplayed when I asked
about Emma's birthday you totally
downplayed it I am dying watching your
video Julie the Tea Party was magical
mine and Olivia's jaws mine and Olivia's
jaws were like on the floor we were like
we want to do okay you want to help me
pack so Olivia I need a pair of pajamas
and your Halloween costume okay but not
the Cinderella one find a different one
okay code you help me get a pair of
pajamas and let's get your costume why
what is this one oh you want these
pajamas hey Cody where's your pajamas oh
wait them I'm on hold means everywhere
now and go in there with that one so I'm
going out first then that one then that
one then that one you're gonna change
yeah bring like every other house that's
not that big like oh well now he's
frustrated look all he wants is to put
his hand in his sock he was able to do
it the other day all by himself he got
his hand in the song see now he's happy
exact all he wanted whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa
alright ok we are trying as quick as we
can to get our house picked up and out
the door
I was able to think of the dishes done
and we're almost done packing so hey
let's ring you out of here hey it's good
to see my feet what did the doctor say
um they heard the shots hurt so bad oh
you want another shot how to get this
one on this one online now on and it
hurts so there were they cortisone shots
is that what it was steroid shots so
Joel how about camera we've ever told
him uh sometimes I cut that information
out um we what is it your nerves Roma in
my feet it's a nerve disorder and it
hurts like they and they only do three
shots I'm sorry
they only do up to three of those
steroid shots and then they then the
next options operate but there's still
some little things they want me to do
but they hurt so bad they hurt so bad
yeah we're working on it
you got hockey on your shoulders yeah
cuz we'll kick their pinky back right
that sounds like a plan
c'mere wink
this is a crab in this ad Roxanna
screaming and then it spits it out
that's what it looks like it's doing no
it actually is we learned about it in
school you did not you are totally
making that up
did you just make that up though I know
that I but your teacher didn't tell you
about it I don't think was from told but
a fugitive I don't remember where I
heard it from but I heard it it's
amazing
one year on Thanksgiving with me a bed
yes this does turn into a bed yes it
does do you guys remember the button the
opens the windows oh do is over there on
the corner yeah oh okay see if it works
oh yeah that hot burger we thought it
would be fun to get the kids out of the
house tonight
John I thought it'd be further states do
it be call it you ain't right here in
Utah it's fall break for the kids our
school Kevin you you saw a bald man I
don't think so honey
hey hey you guys ready to go swimming I
just want to say no beautiful bro look
look out there you like it is he looking
at the window
careful don't bump his teeth don't bonk
his teeth in the window well I I was
playing with him when he does this he
does guys we does this at Mesa he want
to get down on the count of three you
gotta do it together
ready one two three go
I cannot believe they did not you'd what
Boston okay you don't have to I'm so
proud of that I can't believe it okay
throw him in and see how he does
let me see his done let me see this but
that is all I wanted to see was my sweet
guys little bum bum cuz so yeah Boston
did you get in you don't have to you can
do whatever you want this is the first
time he's going to go under the water so
remember you are blow right in his face
and then dunk him and bring him back up
Lincoln he's looking at Boston okay do
it Oh
is he choking on any water then you did
a good job
that's why you have to blow on it really
hard and then dumb him quick that's how
I was taught in swim lessons with Olivia
and she hated them
Olivia cried and cried and cried every
time we went to swim lessons when you
were a baby
you are playing with fire son but you
didn't even make it here careful
well my life is now complete I have seen
the cutest thing that could possibly
exist
in the entire world and now I can die a
happy woman I can die a happy woman
Lincoln you've made me the happiest
woman in the world
I literally came out here to close the
vlog and how did you get that entire bag
that no no no I do not want you eating
sour patch kids hanky that's gonna sue
the upset tummy in no time
naughty naughty this is going to be our
setup Kody's gonna sleep over there
Olivia whoa whoa this is a lumpy
mattress I just felt biffed it these
guys are gonna sleep here they're gonna
watch a little movie before they go to
bed first Joel Joel Murray yeah and
Lincoln is gonna sleep in the bathroom
so he's not sleeping at all tonight with
the Cabbage Patch Kid is man I am happy
to say that everybody is feeling so much
better no one feels sick today
Joel am i including you do you feel sick
today I'm okay awesome
well good I am glad everyone including
myself feels better thank you guys for
all your well wishes and stick around
for tomorrow because we're gonna have a
really fun day tomorrow too thank you
guys again for watching I'll see you
guys turtle bite
