a few hours ago at Ellie's house we had
an accident in Boston I thought he broke
his nose but he didn't and he has a
really bad alley and the only thing that
would make him calm down from getting
really really hurt
was knowing that he had a package here
at the house and this is the only thing
he wanted was to get in Mama's bed and
was to get this package from someone and
I'm going to read you the card this is
the package I was talking about her name
the baggie came inside of a package do
your Boston happy Valentine's Day
and then there's treats but I don't
think you're gonna be able to eat treats
with your nose well in the way it is you
think you can Boston wanted to watch his
fourth birthday party and guess what we
were literally the one millionth viewer
we were the one millionth view on your
birthday video is that amazing or what
Joel we literally he wanted to watch his
birthday vlog and had 999 thousand views
huh and we pushed it over to 1 million
was your Sylvia says dear Olivia happy
Valentine's Day okay so what happened
was he flew into iliyan Jarrett's couch
nose-first into like the spine of the
couch and I thought he broke his nose he
was instantly pale instantly sick
and his I'm not gonna get up too close
and show you but his nostril and like
the whole side of his face was swollen
his eyes were dilating I was terrified
to be honest because I thought I don't
think it's broke they're not gonna do
anything for it if it is broke so we
just came home we've been sitting you
can see oh you can see it's pretty
swollen but a lot of this swelling has
gone down I think he's okay mm-hmm but I
mean would I scream make it feel better
I mean I don't think I've ever heard
that sadist crying in the world and it
just never ended he just won't I mean oh
it was so bad but look at him he just
wants to watch that blog the only thing
he wanted was mom that's like the most
depressing thing in the world for me and
dad in the middle of him being hurt like
he was like two seconds earlier Calvin
practice on open I don't even know if
they're gonna do stitches or not for
Calvin there's a rough little night we
went and saw a movie with Grandma and
Grandpa something like sorry grandma
grandpa into our house it's nice and
peaceful and quiet and tranquil why
because sometimes you have stuffy noses
there's a little bloody if your heart
can stop pumping hands with you today
well I promise you I will not let that
happen to Boston okay yeah you got my
hands and things go with ovaries not
that night so his heart doesn't stop
meaning okay you say goodnight to Olivia
and Cody and Mama we'll take good care
of Boston okay you two can sleep
together tonight and you can read that
book to Kody me okay well you can read
it to him okay we finally got the kids
down to bed I'm gonna get bossed and set
up wherever he wants to be set up and
this is where Joel is sitting he finally
busted out his Legos he's gonna start
building its Lego he already is like I'm
missing pieces I have lost pieces are
aah
did you guys know you're up way past
your bedtime
if you guys don't want to cry don't
watch the movie wonder it's worse than
this is us Boston sounds like he did
when he had surgery I know he does I'm
sitting here bawling at this movie and
I'm just looking at my amazing little
family and I think we all kind of needed
this night together huh I think the kids
needed the attention from us
Boston told me he was sad because he
couldn't give me an Eskimo kid and so he
tried his very hardest to give me the
softest Eskimo kiss in the world
it was amazing and I cried
wish that I could stay wish for this
moment to never go away in primary they
want you to be the spotlight yeah okay
so we gotta fill this out what your or
you know your favorite color what's your
favorite food
I'm cheese pizza whoo
what is your favorite animal that's
shake okay now listen this is a question
you got to think about what is it talent
that you have
and what's something that you're good at
I could see me are you cause it's
singing okay and I'm gonna put being
goofy cuz I like when you're goofy I
love my family because hmm because they
like them why do you like them what's
your favorite primary son well that's
not a primary song yes
no it's not what's your primary mr. my
talent is I like to sing and ponder on
the beauty of it I hear that okay how do
you know that Heavenly Father loves you
any me
an update on Boston's nose you can see
his nostril is just swollen huge it's a
little swollen I'm not going to touch
anything not gonna touch you can see
that it's swollen right here and his
cheek is still a little swollen
this morning I woke up and thought it
was Sunday and then the universe gave me
the biggest present I've ever received
in my life looking shoes Saturdays it is
Saturday and I knew where my tennis
shoes without any socks and if you have
beef with that well I suggest you go put
some socks on for yourself but he will
survive everyone he will survive do you
know what else we do on Saturdays we
wear pajamas all day long with our
cowboy boots we're all gonna buckle up
in the car we don't know where we're
going but we're gonna find someplace on
this glorious gift of a Saturday when do
you think we've been driving in here we
basically been driving in the car for an
hour and a half just looking at some
properties that are for sale not because
we're in the market to actually be
finding them but because it's fun and
we're dreaming it's just us
dream they never win dick something
motivational we're just like I remember
my mom doing this when when we were
young my whole life anyway the kids are
pretty sick of being in the car know
what he wants a strong cheese everybody
okay now it's really time to close the
vlog we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
Lincoln say thumbs up
Lincoln spilled his water at dinner so
there was a caution West sign Boston
jumped off the seat right onto the
caution wet sign and slipped and fell on
his butt and I knew he was okay
instantly I was helping him up but I was
laughing my head off like I was laughing
so hard doing this you know I do that
dude in the screen trying to not laugh
there was a lady and she looked at me
and scowled and she was is he ok and in
my head I was like the comments are come
to life
yeah I'm not crying wish that I could
stay wish for this moment to never go
away
you know I know that there is nothing to
find your beautiful side
