good morning you guys oh there's like
something from a kid on the lens like
right by the lens okay so good morning
and do you guys remember when I told you
that I have this problem where I make
sure everything in my house is clean
except for my side of the bed well it's
gotten worse I went shopping I did some
ordering and it's okay I oh okay okay
okay so you know this is what it looks
like I just have to show you a before
because I need and after I I have to
have an after like I cannot live like
this anymore
obviously this is not a healthy living
situation for you or for Joel he's kind
of mad at me and when Ellie saw it she
goes do you think there's bugs in there
okay okay it's time to clean it it's
time to clean it I was up all night last
night with Lincoln he was up again not
feeling well and for like three hours
and then I couldn't sleep like my eyes
are puffy it's like it's almost like my
skin kind of hurts I think I'm getting
sick like my ears kind of hurt so but I
have to I have to clean my side of the
bed it's happening I think the biggest
compliment is when people are
comfortable in your home um my child did
get your child sick so I mean it's the
least I could do but um I'm glad that
she's in here and I was like I am so
sorry that you're in this disgusting
mess so cross on the bed
Oh jam only the best for my man you
hurry up this extension cords getting
cold you plug the extension cord in for
me thank you
I have to stop and take a break from the
closet issue I hope that was a good idea
because I just don't know if you'll get
back to it
no I will I have to look I have to
ma I'm making a lot of progress it's
it's hard like it is very hard for me to
throw away clothes and not throw away
I'm giving them to the DI but Joel needs
his haircut Lincoln just went down for a
nap this is the one chance I have to
give its haircut today and I have to
like this week and next week is booked
solid every single day so we have to get
our haircuts in today
see finish Diesel's
yes you look handsome Joe hey we're
shower cuz I need to be facing easy good
morning cow you've been asleep for hours
you slept through all of my progress I'm
making progress this is definitely
progress
I got everything of there cleaned out
and then this and that humongo pile that
was down here so progress and you slept
through all of it you think you're
pretty smart don't chat yeah I didn't
even see you grab that what yeah I
didn't even see you grab it you just
took it and started eating that's daddy
over there oh yeah boy that's a pretty
empty bag and it was pretty full we just
got done having lunch and Boston's gonna
sit here and he's gonna color we're
gonna get Lincoln ready for his nap I
love that whole candor let me see that's
a pretty cool sticker so you're gonna
color
Joel's helped me get rid of some boxes
getting some bags to the DI llaves hey
my closet looks good now you think
that's pretty cute do yeah yeah she want
to know where these came from my friend
Melanie
made those and gave those to me one time
ago this is all the jewelry that I've
made that I am just not gonna wear
anymore so I'm gonna put downstairs with
all my beads do you want to see
something really cute okay let me show
these guys my closet first okay so much
better right so much other like I used
to have like a whole bunch of like
shirts hey hey
they know look wash Oh Olivia this whole
tray is my favorite thing in the world
this was Olivia's when she was a little
baby I remember I used to wear it and I
doubt you remember but look how tiny
that Lori was me when he was and then
Olivia made that for me they made one
for dad kill em so I like to keep that
with my things right there
and I've got a little dry
she can tell what a mess I opened the
door and one of the gallons of milk blew
up seriously all over all over me pull
over my shoes I just washed these shoes
so they like weren't stinky and like
grimy from the summer time and now
they're just gonna smell like milk so
that's great but I guess there's no use
crying over spilt milk but seriously now
I have to go get the hose and power wash
the entire stinking driveway in the
middle of the rain I'm gonna look like a
moron out here in my neighborhood power
walks my driveway in the rain but that's
what you do when you spill the Mack what
what are you saying Boston whoo you want
get out of your seat belt okay
let me hear your snap pretty good let me
hear your snap that's pretty good he
always does it with those that that
marina finger yeah all right daddy
let's hear the snap you better hear
yours first because if not the speakers
will be below this is not an
exaggeration hey that's great you don't
think that's good you got my attention I
just I just can't do it
hmm that's a terrible snap Oh Gracie
Oh
Oh I'm unimpressed
I don't wipe like that's a good snap
oh you're clicking we are clicking
husband he's feeling Tim it's always
like clinging to me okay I want to know
if you know how to snap your fingers do
you know how to snap your fingers can
you try it let me see oh just try it for
me see if you can snap your fingers let
me see Oh Baba try it you gotta try
you got try a little harder yeah make it
make a noise with it like you mean it
hmm I feel like that works good that's a
good job um last time I showed myself
getting the kids ready for bed I got a
few comments that were wondering why the
kids don't wash their own teeth I make
the kids brush their own teeth in the
morning but I do it at night can't go
ahead and spit because I pay for their
dental bills and I don't want cavities
and let's face it kids are not the best
at um brushing their own teeth okay
rinse let me see even Olivia I know
she's way old enough to do it herself
but I just would rather not pay for
cavities there you go
hold on the boo-boo lotion on your face
I don't start on you on the towel yeah I
don't like it disgusting
look mom now you can see that keep on
working and then you'll be all done code
for the good camera food Vaman motion
for you and then we just have to
practice piano and then you will be
ready all the way for bed
yes okay Lincoln you gather my drawers
full and here is your
minimun no just one and back me you say
good night to everybody
wait good night or need is your vitamin
I'm leaning them and they look pretty
good
can you tell everybody good night good
night
but I'll give you a ball out you can
we'll see
yep 1c okay Lincoln everybody said
goodnight to chill can you say good
night to everybody
hey funny guys thank you so much for
joining us again for another one of our
days it was a pretty good whatever day
we just got a lot of choice done it
feels good and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye guys
