who's in the crib given me Oh who's that
Calvin is that you married he pushing
the walls over yeah is that you and I
built the tent and that's what what
Calvin is placed in split to my rock
well we can go there good morning you
guys in a Saturday morning and I like
forgotten to vlog this morning already
so I'm going to catch up on what we're
doing we are at a good family friends
home using their garage because it's
beautiful the floors look good
everything is just so nice in here and
we're having a birthday party for my mom
we're so excited to do this for her
because you guys seem very very very
little of her and you even know and
realize how amazing she is test Gruber's
over here shaking her head yes because
she's our rock she's taught I mean
anything good that you see in us girls
and our brother it's it comes absolutely
directly from her she is I'm going to
stop talking now okay and because I
don't want to cry what we have is a
paint instructor cute girl over here
she's going to instruct us how to paint
a picture so we chose the picture that
we were going to do where did it go
underneath this is the picture and even
people that don't paint can paint you
guys remember seeing the portrait that I
did it was like but I don't mean and it
turned out really well so I'm excited my
mom is a big painter my grandma
really big painter they're really good
so I think that this is going to be
something that she's gonna love do you
think Ruby oh she's gonna love it and
we've never done a birthday party no no
the first birthday party we put together
for her my mom never had a baby shower
in her entire life she I don't know we
keep things really simple in our family
like it's just like oh we're fine we'll
just do without he if anyone makes does
and does without it's my mom and so this
is like she's gonna be big to her
so we're skinfood setup and getting
ready to go we're excited
you better be and mom better be excited
she's filing a nail what the heck she's
like are we gonna fail her nail wrong
that's what I was gonna say you got your
wrong having a surprise we're not going
to an r-rated movie she's your only
friend she's the only one bothered to
show up nobody else
I'm gonna run down and grab addresses oh
my hand is shaking yeah seriously
nobody shut up we're like where's
everybody but this is all that matters
right only careful we're here favorite
people in the world that's what we saw
oh you did
well she was a little late so we're good
so cool we're gonna paint we're getting
this picture oh wow
this is crazy and you've never had a
birthday party have you have you had
like a big but like I mean this isn't
like a big oh yeah yeah yeah I don't
never ever yeah I I didn't want to say
we're having a surprise party for Mom
because we're not like you did I didn't
want my dad to roll his eyes at me so I
was like we're having a party
okay the rest of the party decided to
show up the best part of the party
come on Yin
so we're going to do the whole
background I'm going to fill our whole
pianist first like that to break and
come back and pull it if I print this
out and into my gradebook so I will say
girls hi guys let's do it
cheers with our water cups at our
brushes in here
this is good I let everybody oh yeah I
liked it I was laughing in her son die
we didn't swear we look like told you I
do not even it looks good you know what
your grass looks really good yes
I know everyone's good I love it dad I'm
impressed
no your grass is wonderful don't start
over
oles I wouldn't get around a lot i canna
loser you are
oh I'm thoroughly impressed with how
good they look
yeah they look so good everyone's done
yeah
was it the work how you got some more
light green - my my Steve my business
we're starting to clean up because
everyone is done with their paintings so
this was the artists one she did this
one is mine okay not too bad not too bad
um these are Emily and Bo's I want to
show dads and warriors went you need
assign yours
this was dads I think I'm the most
impressed with his because I just didn't
think it was enough okay well yeah I had
zero expectation and he did really good
and mom's I knew would be really good
hers is so pretty I think she looks
pretty sitting there painting so happy
birthday mom yeah
the best week I ever good uncle David's
taking a picture of mom I'm just open
aunt juley's my sister Julie's present
to her mm-hmm and we've missed Julie all
day whenever we get together and do
things we think of her when we talk
about her so Julie that is so cute good
job making it yes I love it okey I'll
protect you grandpa you see that he
doesn't want he doesn't want anyone
hitting grandpa but it's good one Oh
funny brother blew it away he's your
buddy
well we got wrapped up with my mom's
birthday party and said goodbye to
everybody and Joel and I went over to
his parents house and they were very
gracious and they offered to watch the
kids yes because we had a store that we
need to go to here in Ogden walking the
streets of Ogden and we couldn't bring
the kids with us
want to see where we were going so we
are here and we're going to go inside
but we just wanted to
update everybody on the day situation
we're doing we wanted you to know where
we were
he's not fun to you I'm mister because
oh no that wasn't very nice ah yes it's
a train choo-choo it's always a little
rough falling asleep in the car for an
hour and then coming home but at least
you have hulky to sit by yeah yeah and
look I can't believe your balloon laughs
stood that long
and yours too Cody that's incredible
incredible you sick eat what's in your
mouth
he's like chewing his nasty tongue oh
yeah okay yeah we made it huh and
everyone's just having a little sandwich
before we go to bed um very simple kind
of lame but when you get home late such
a long day like don't you think it's
been such a huge day today yesterday
just never ended Olivia we haven't even
seen you all day whenever she gets
around Abbey and Julie and Kate they
just go play they're just off we died I
mean did you even have to watch them PS
thank you so much for watching the kids
Joel and Kevin stayed behind and watched
the kids and were they all good
I can't right there may have been a poop
misshapen the toy closet but it got
cleaned up and we're good okay yeah
naked what though that's kind of cool
yeah she tore the crust off the
cristobal yeah ain't kind of a mess here
it does make a Messier nice observation
Cody or she don't care why would thank
you seriously thank you for watching the
kids so we could like enjoy your day
I think that my mom thoroughly enjoyed
her birthday surprise I don't know if
that was more for me or oh no I knew my
mom was gone you know when I went to
paint nite I knew she was gonna love it
I knew she's gonna love it
so my favorite thing is how well some of
the guys ban Easter
oh I know oh my mind gone wrong 142
festivals you are not allergic to
Cresswell's now eat it guy busting is
not the happiest little man and yes I'm
wearing white pants but I was told that
that's an old rule and that you can wear
white pants after Labor Day so or
whatever day is that right after Labor
Day after Memorial Day white after Labor
Day or before Memorial Day yeah I am and
I like it I have one word for that
yellow okay I can't put that in because
that was inappropriate don't talk like
that okay five-year-old going I can you
can probably imagine why he was wanting
to talk about okay thank you guys so
much for watching if you all when this
video goes up it will be my mom's
birthday my mom's birthday is on Monday
so go to her Instagram I will link it
down below and wish her a happy birthday
yes that's a good idea thank you guys
for watching we'll see you next video
bye guys
