good morning you guys it is Sunday
morning this little stinker got up at
5:50 I don't think he has been feeling
the best he's got like a cold and I'm
pretty sure he's gonna give it to the
rest of us
so just in time for New York City is
when I will have a cold
okay so I have to introduce the next
little bit of information and Olivia you
have a much more camera-ready face so
you're gonna do the talking for me here
you can see this beautiful chair and I'm
gonna tell you what to say can you do
that for me can you be my spokesperson
okay Devin oon what you guys are about
to see is the footage that Grandma and
Grandpa took while they were watching
Boston and Jackson and yes get ready for
the cutest footage of your life there
you cookie song yes you want a cookie
you are cookie without you home
what do you want Tommy well sing a song
guessing it letter so now I could can
hear it takes a good day okay okay
whoever wins the wrestling match gets to
cookies did he did he wrestle you to the
ground should have used a reverse leg
throwdown
yeah now we pussy oh there's no blood
there's no blood oh good my little
buddies oh yeah my little buddies okay
you want cookie are you gonna cookie for
you
cook you for you cooking for Grandma
could you scramble where's my cookie oh
there's a cookie for grandma hello thank
you Hey
okay now the first one that gets done it
doesn't ask for bed right away no Chad
ha ha ha you're gonna be good tonight
you sleep in your bed mm-hmm ok how are
you Jackson that tastes good
Peppa hello my grandpa's got a cookie
okay so we brought fossum down and put
him in the other bedroom the purple
bedroom because get rid of this room we
thought but then when we put him down in
the other bedroom he started crying and
he want to sleep in this room and
Jackson who generally sleeps in the
other bedroom he wanted to sleep in here
with Boston I mean like alligator tears
wanted to sleep in here with Boston yeah
claim that family man okay okay
okay so get out so this is round one and
we will just tell you in the morning
how many rounds we went but I have a
feeling it's going to be a few and I
drank it you're a dragon okay okay okay
so I think I will lay in here with you
until you go to sleep is that what you
want do you want grandma to stay in here
with you for a little while okay anyway
see you in the morning see in the
morning good night kids sure love you
Emma will stay here yeah I will stay
here okay okay okay so we're gonna check
on the boys but I'm pretty sure they're
asleep
and they didn't even get up did not it's
been so quiet
I am so excited just one time just one
dry hey let me give you a little update
about last night the boys will be
perfect all right they went to bed
Jackson went to sleep first Boston
stayed up and talked a little bit but
they put both went to sleep and at 6
o'clock this morning they were up and
having breakfast with Grandpa either
back you did didn't you just close them
I went to sleep huh thank you very
patient of that stuff Oh what is this
cookie yeah cookies hey on this
beautiful fall day can you see can you
see how beautiful that is out there what
absolute gorgeous picture this is right
here with those boys oh hey kiddo could
you tuck get your tongue off of that so
we're going to have chocolate chip
cookies and I like the semi-sweet
chocolate chip I actually I actually
like dark chocolate but some people like
milk chocolate oh my god wait oh whoa
I usually I usually put like half that
much chocolate chips in so we probably
will take some out we don't need this
Manny it got away from me
bring in abil yeah you can have some
okay Jackson I don't know that we need
very nee just here put just a few in
just a few oh well and do you want to
put them in here okay okay okay that's
good
I don't like a ton of chocolate chips on
my chocolate chip cookies but I do like
chocolate chips okay you go ahead and
put those in there these are going to be
loaded and we're also making some soup
see I've got my onions we're gonna make
some broccoli cheese soup do you like
broccoli soup
I like it do you like cookies okay then
you can eat cookies and Grandma eat
broccoli broccoli soup okay okay Jackson
do you like broccoli soup yep Jackson
you don't like broccoli soup yeah
oh do you like cookies too slow there
you have it boys we'll have cookies and
Chad nah have broccoli soup on this
gorgeous gorgeous day nothing prettier
okay well this is kind of fun haven't
talked to you people since grandpa and I
took the kids back to Missouri so it's
nice to get to chat with you a little
bit and we're having a wonderful
wonderful morning in here eating two
bags of chocolate chips and that's it
say goodbye - mom I'll see you tonight
fill me in tonight yeah did I tell you
I've got Jackson here and his mom and
dad are gonna move into their home
tonight and you are gonna sleep in your
new bed what do you think of that
are you excited can we set the door who
set the door go see who's at the door
all right snap hey you want to wear your
costumes okay what have you got there
and what have you got hey Caillou
a fireman okay I was in such a great big
hurry I was putting the cookies getting
hey filming putting the cookies together
I was in such a big hurry because I had
the kids on the cabinet and I was scared
like what I'm just going to jump off or
something and one of the
a bag of chocolate chips and the cookie
mix or something but anyway that's what
they look like now they're out of the
oven and I was also going to tell you
that I used coconut oil instead of
butter or shortening they say it's
better for you so Oh No
we've been doing it and I think that
they I think they taste really really
good okay one more thing I forgot to
tell you something I remembered
something when I was washing my broccoli
and getting ready for my soup
when Chad and I were living when he was
going to college and one of the older
farmers in the area that was a friend of
ours gave us a bunch of broccoli one
time and I made some broccoli soup with
it and I washed it I thought I did a
fine job washing my broccoli well no
when when they're straight from the
field you better do a really good job of
washing the broccoli because after I put
it in the pot I had all kinds of little
blindside surface for the top so anyway
here's a tip wash your broccoli what
or those your muscles oh let me see your
muscles
Oh oh wow Boston let me see your muscles
oh man you are strong you tell me should
grandma get grandpa soup or a cookie see
soup
what's your grandma give grab you know
soup or a cookie for grandpa which one
ah truck Rick a chocolate cookie and
hulky what what do you think grandma
should give me a cookie or some soup
soup good point yes okay there you go
just one bite one bite of all the soup
we talked about this earlier whether
they wanted super not nice I just got
through telling grandpa honestly I don't
care I just want to take home happy boys
yeah so whatever you get grandpa one of
each okay see you guys I told you it's
the cutest footage in the world it
literally had me laughing out loud at
some parts comment down below your
favorite part of this video or the part
that made you laugh because I know it
made me laugh grandma thank you so much
for recording I didn't even ask her to
she just picked up the camera and did it
best grandma ever thank you guys so much
for watching and we'll see you at our
regular scheduled time tomorrow morning
7:00 a.m. bye guys
