alright guys part of preparing for lots
of little kids is closing all of the
doors
I have Jackson and Kelvin and I'm
watching the kids and in part of
preparation I made sure lunchtime was
already set up and ready for me to cook
yes it's only 8:45 but now this setup
dishes are cleaned ready for the kids we
put the hairband on the thing you just
put Boston hey guys come put the
hairband on the there you go I later get
to work again ok thank you
pronounced ters alright I think I'm
ready
I think I'm prepared all right first
things first we're gonna clean up a
chocolaty slobbery mess that I don't
know if whose mouth that came from all
right there we go not too bad maybe I'll
have to use some cleaner later but
pretty good for now oh go in the
bathroom let's wipe it up go Lincoln I
saw that he looked at Calvin Calvin
wasn't even doing anything and Lincoln
just started screaming you two better
learn to get right along no fighting no
Nichkhun just because I'm sort of like
whining I'm like you have nothing to
worry about mr. well that's just naughty
yes how Calvin you guys are going to be
just good friends
yep that's a very old school hair tie
and I love it
boy play all day that's what I plan on
will be soft
okay note to self do not put on mommy
and daddy's vlogs when you're watching
Calvin cuz it doesn't make him happy it
makes him really really sick all right
you guys so far so good everyone is
happy we bought Calvin Calvin situated
we luckily had a binky cuz he left his
in the car and that would have been so
scared even had the kind he liked he
wasn't wrong as he lost hope she does
love his mommy look I got the bat
Melanie laughing it's on Batman
yeah it kind of looks like that good job
we are all enjoying a cookie yours look
like that too doesn't it any of that
yeah is that one of the things that they
throw yes no gasps that way it can be
whatever we say it is yes Jackson what
I'm buying
I really love your sakhis oh you guys
must be in the middle of a mood I'm
upstairs making mac and cheese for lunch
and you can hear Boston gangsters I told
them to clean up the toys you can hear
Oh hurry and clean up the rest of the
toys I'm making lunch
no actually Alyssa you seriously cleaned
up every single toy yeah oh you sing the
clean-up song for me oh yeah you almost
have the words right I'm so proud
you know what I have to look and see
you're going to pologize Oh
are you believed you crying thank you
peanut peanut any babies here you know
the words to you guys Oh
who opened the DVD cupboard go close it
hurry Calvin Calvin closes softly good
job I am so proud of you kids
whew yeah hold on I'm almost done making
it and I don't want them to come
upstairs because Lincoln is still taking
his nap he's almost done but I'm like
any minute so I can get like and then
after lunch
Calvin I'll take a nap so it's like I
kind of have this down like I'm a little
piranha myself today
are you guys playing peekaboo he's gonna
get you well my mom and Ellie just got
back from cleaning and my mom said I'm
gonna head home and I'm gonna take
Jackson and Boston with me and I'm like
all right I've got pull-ups for Boston
injection and I grabbed two jammies
matching jammies both of them have that
feet cut off so I shouldn't fight over
them so they can have matching jammies
to see Jackson stuff is all packed so my
mom is gonna take them how nice of that
is her gonna make sense how nice is that
of her perfect are you two gonna go to
Grandma's I had to go get him a little
costume to wear cuz I'm not I don't
think I'd be able to get him out if I
tried so we either fighting
that's how superheroes fight but
superheroes don't punch so don't punch
each other okay Claire you're gonna be a
firefighter
mom this is awfully nice of you to take
the kids thank you I don't know why
she's taking my kids I know why she's
taking Jackson but it'll be fun together
thanks mama I'd like to be together
mm-hmm
it's never saying go to Grandma's house
to be to make memories or something like
that
yep something like that and they will
tell me what you guys are doing to go
down see and it old lady she's got
laurel leaves that fell down hurley her
tree and like a couple of days ago she
wrecked out all by yourself
and she gonna have the husband but she
got gappy and we're gonna go help her
are you gonna go - gonna make ready yeah
Oh Lincoln look at those RV
just how did you do you know that makes
mama so proud I clipped up today but I
didn't get any stars one so what do you
have in your hand he so you packed you
and you packed Olivia
some snacks okay mom look look look I
got a pencil from the fire it turns out
turns colors when you grab it
well I think that's wonderful okay do
you have a rate lately for the exact
same do you guys have a rate going daddy
shed and blind or or okay going
daddy shed and find a rate these guys
are playing in the leaves they found the
neighbor kid look at them like this is
not even put on a show for like oh I
think they are just killing me they grab
the rakes and said we want to help the
old lady down the street hey girlies oh
and I hope that the her name is sister
Rock I hope that she is watching from
her window that's so nice of you gray
look they have their basket of snacks
right for sure
Lucy fruit
oh my see Pam this is early file it used
to be really fun but hey guys start
their own Millie's up get thrown myself
that one daddy did you just drop all the
candy I heard him wanting to get out of
the stroller you want to get out of your
stroller I love Li puts his finger in
his ID talked about them already that's
funny
cute kids this is fun it's funny when
you walk outside right now and it does
you don't feel the weather like when
you're walking you don't feel a
difference it's not cold out here
it's not hot out here Lhasa if you can
see that the camera goes on and Olivia's
like performing you kind of do that okay
well um I brought a camera out here
because we're ready to close the vlog
and I should be sat here we sat here and
watched Joel mow the lawn and Lincoln
sat in my lap and just kissed me and
loved me I think he feels a hundred
percent today we sat and fed him some
mac leftover macaroni and cheese which
he was not complaining and it's time to
get ready for bed so these kids are
gonna get in the bathtub and it's funny
what the difference of one kid missing
can do that was awfully nice of my mom
to take Boston and you can feel a
difference like without him being here
I'm like oh and this is somebody we have
some peace nobody's fighting here a
piece of our family can you guys say
good night to everybody
they go I know I end the vlog every
single like almost every single day and
sometimes I'm like okay should I like
switch it up blegh
how would you switch it up though like
say hello instead of no but like I like
to say thank you for watching because I
mean it like thank you for watching our
videos and congratulations for making it
to the end of the vlog there are hard
things in life and making it to the end
of our blog is one I don't know I don't
know maybe maybe I wonder how many
people actually make it to the end of
the blog I don't really know okay but I
want to say thank you for watching this
vlog I will see you guys tomorrow
reminder if you're not subscribed to
subscribe and go check because but some
people have been losing their
subscriptions or whatnot so go check and
make sure you subscribe and click the
bell someone was like did you ever think
that maybe people just don't want to be
subscribed I was like well I guess
that's the strongest possibility we know
of
I guess it's yeah and guys why see the
hood so if you don't want to be
subscribed you don't have to click it
I'm not making you I won't twist your
arm okay see you guys tomorrow bleh
