well this morning we are waking up
Lincoln he actually did pretty well for
the night we never had to get up with
him but he I could hear him fussing
through all night just kind of off and
on quietly but we're waking him up
because we want to try and get him on
out on a napping routine so he'll sleep
better at night because yesterday he
woke up at like 9:30 and was up for
several hours that was kind of we were
ready for bed mmm
I mean Olivia we went early to piano
lessons and we stopped at a Halloween
store and Olivia was like mom this is
scary I was like close your eyes okay
it's over in the kitchen oh my surprise
yes it's over here on the floor so you
can see they filled our lines yesterday
with caulking doesn't look the best but
it'll keep it from chipping there's a
lot of chipping those going on and wait
mister bad manners okay here you go
we'll see if it fits this is a kind of a
lame when compared to the one that we
got you tap the price but so that's
awesome I know you know what that is
this is face paint because I I'm gonna
do a little tutorial with Olivia so
let's try this on and see if it fits you
know you have your own shield here I can
look that fits much much better don't
you think
and you do like it good I'm glad
yes those are all basically all of these
cost who would have thought my little
boys would love use I got this one no
that's Easter yep okay here's a little
accessories
okay can I have the best part of it I
think the best part of Halloween
costumes is that you gotta wear them all
month long but I feel like I'm betraying
my family roots you want to dress up in
a wig and telling you yeah we have like
two wigs that look like death and we
made and we made the costumes out of
those seriously I feel like I'm
betraying my where I come from
really I was always an army guy no turn
are we go I love it one year I was a I
was a archery hunter and for the school
parade whatever this is like they've
never ladies now my brother let me carry
this like compound bow like a real one
oh yeah oh my god more like didn't know
it
no probably not hi oh he just scouted me
yeah you kids don't know how lucky you
want to have these well I don't even
have lucky I flip and loved on my
Halloween costumes but I created good
well let's put it on let's put it on can
I do
it's a Halloween miracle yes yes yes yes
cold I'm glad you're happy with it after
your traumatizing day yesterday
you know I'd even touch in your cereal
okay okay he's not even touching it he's
just sitting there
yeah what do you think of that oh well
you're just not in the mood to eat Hey
well before you rip it apart I want to I
gotta show everybody what it is a very
sweet viewer sent this to us okay go
ahead those are very fitting considering
the outfits they're wearing she said
that she rocks her one she's a single
mom of a one-year-old and she rocks her
baby to sleep watching our blogs which i
think is very sweet and she does that
mean our blogs aborn soothing and these
are meant for your window not for
anything out okay so Cody gets the UM no
Cody gets the hole this one shoots you
see if we can get him to try I like my
game thank you
yes can you tell her thank you thank you
yeah she has a little daughter named
Ellie it works so Joel so Joel is
playing with them more than the kids are
Oh see there it went
see look they slowly slid all down oh
there it went
well and their stuff is brand new sticky
so yeah you know Kline got a lot better
there he goes there he goes
that's awesome here oh the body is like
made of plastic oh I see that's really
cool those are adorable flash
he's telling his little hope whoa you
guys know I get funny showing the
packages that get sent to us because I
don't want I don't want the kids being
spoiled and - I feel like guilty and bad
I don't know like oh don't spend your
money on like things first but I just
can't help but I have to say thank you
this package was sent from Korea I don't
even want to know how much it cost to
send this like I said but I love that
all the packaging like I don't we don't
know what it says um but she translated
it to English for us and says little
things tara misu
nice anyway like little things for the
baby rice puffs so sweet for my home to
look back and guess what I'm gonna carve
that thing for my monkey shirt you're
gonna carve that into a monkey shirt
yeah for your monkey nice that's a way
to be creative ah yeah ah yeah class
look at the elbow patches yes go get go
get quack pack did you hear that is the
cutest thing I've flipped and ever seen
and he's gonna go get Cody's monkey
quack back because he said he goes quack
pack wants to see I know that's what I
was show I seriously can't wait to learn
back pack quack back how did you come up
with the name for him I don't know okay
show plenty years old living in South
Korea gosh that's amazing
and I this made me laugh out loud for
the made me laugh out loud
mail call thank you guys thank you so
much for thinking about us and sending
us cute things in the mouth we
appreciate you very very much I'm making
Joel put um non-skid stuff on these he
just put felt on the bottom of the
tables this place is a disaster I'm just
basically waiting for you
mr. to take a nap so that I can do these
floors there's no cookie and cheese and
like he wants me to give him everything
but he doesn't want to eat it he just
carries it around in the throws I've
been babysitting this afternoon I have a
really cute friend
one of my neighbors she asked me to
babysit for her so I've been babysitting
and like when you babysit I mean look at
this floor that's horrifying
that's just it is what it is I'm waiting
for a nap time that's all I'm doing
waiting for nap time do we need that
downstairs the basement bathroom nice
good job Thanks oh that's the non-skid
stuff that's pretty cool it's very thin
yes I like that I was worried that it
was gonna be thick and like offset my
chairs but where are your skitters
coolest bunny our duty to cook whatever
I may do you have have them what oh wait
oh you want them to watch the hook play
doh with you do you know what I just
might have you do that while he takes a
nap Joel's gonna be leaving here soon
so yes that's perfect good idea what
looks good yep and I will clean the
floors Hey that was my job you're
supposed to be letting me do that please
don't hit my walls you are cutie did you
find it Boston lost his hope car under
the oven so dad's gotta hurry and do
that before he goes your whole car you
are doing such a good job Lincoln I hope
good job you're doing a good job
linkie whoa slobber yes good job
what well Zach that's good yeah you know
what I'm gonna sweep under there while
you have it out
from the file really
so for dinner tonight we are picking up
dinner to take over to Ellie and Jared's
and this is a gas station and this is
the best restaurant you will ever find
for Indian cuisine yes it looks a little
scary but and it smells a little scary
and yeah I was very nervous the first
time you came here but it is blow your
mind I have a really cheesy clip that I
want to record and I'm trying so hard
not to cry and anytime I know and I
anytime I thought about it today I have
cried even though they're not moving out
of my city they're actually moving
closer which is amazing
I just think about when you guys first
moved here and how I like it honestly
like changed my life I say that because
oh like a lot of people know what it's
like to live by themselves in a town
without family and recognize Joel like I
feel like I've been a happier person
with my sister living down the road and
I'm just grateful your hair dye feel bad
cuz I kind of stole you from Ruby if you
love movies Meek Mill came and now she's
all by yourself
but we need to make more dresses my girl
Ruby um this whole like YouTube world
has changed our lives like the way we do
things I wait like our life routine and
it literally started with like you two
you two like got us into it you started
it I'm like without then like it was a
scary thing for them to start doing that
in our family I like sweating I've got
like no sweat that's sweat you do anyway
you guys was like changed are like
family dynamic and I'm just grateful for
you guys
yeah Thank You Bonnie yeah I'm gonna get
emotional because you're getting that
that's like I mean just doing this
together as a family has been so much
fun and watching everyone started it
just brings us closer together and yeah
like I haven't had that start of this
before like I've never done anything
like that words it's sparked other
people and it's you know I had it from
someone else like someone else started
it and I thought it was assisting and
then Ellie did and it just not yet them
from there and so yeah it's just all
about you know we're all doing that
anyway thank you for saying that it's
very speedy yeah you're welcome and
thank all of you guys for like watching
us and loving us and supporting us and I
think it's really cool that like they
get to see the grip is clans from like
all different aspects of luckily hey you
guys I am such a ball baby I crying over
everything in case you haven't noticed
I've got the kids picking us the family
my monkey girl woman you get your toy
cleaned up um it is totally bedtime so
we are wrapping things up around here
the kids are gonna get Cody get moving
hurry all the little kids are picking up
all of their toys I got Olivia's dizzy
photo shoot pictures back with the
disney pictures back died I died I cried
when I saw them they are legit the most
like special little gems in my heart
they're so beautiful they're so
beautiful
there's like a hundred anyway they I
created a new Facebook page so the Joel
could be included in it it's the Bonnie
and Jill Facebook badge anyway I put all
of the pictures on there I am going to
be making a video of all of her pictures
but this is just a little sneak peek so
if you want to see him before I put the
video out I will put a link for our
Facebook page down below and you can go
look how amazing they are for yourself
comment on your favorite one and let me
know the one is your favorite I
definitely have my
own favorites anyway you're gonna die
you're gonna love them boom tomorrow is
moving day for Ellie and Jared and Joel
is gonna go over and help them move I'm
going to be babysitting because I'm not
very strong I probably wouldn't be any
help so I'm gonna watch the kids that's
why I need to be doing stay tuned for
that and we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
