he was like limp on you
Oh a sweet boy it's funny like I know
he's feeling better just not a hundred
percent I think you feeling better but
he can't it's like when you're when the
pain subsides but if you get in any way
active you're just like oh yeah ground
zero this is me he is just so last night
he woke up John I went to bed at nine
o'clock yesterday because we were so
tired from the previous night so you
know he wants his doggie and we went to
bed at nine o'clock and we were asleep
he will think and woke up at 10:30
probably because he was awake or so
sleep all day
he um woke up and me and him got up
because he was not going back to bed so
we watched a couple hours of vlogs
played in his room for a couple hours
and around 12:30 or 1:00 he was ready to
go back to bed so I was pretty tired and
it didn't help that as soon as I got
back in bed almost fell asleep bosses
started crying he crawled up on the top
bunk with Cody and he was wait going and
he was trying to get down and couldn't
get down he had to go potty peekaboo
don't get him worked up he's been sick
okay he's not sick II he's just tired
okay good night good night I love you
baby
good night well hmm excuse me well if
you thought he was gonna go down that
easy you thought absolutely wrong I was
wrong too he is not having at oh I'm
just looking to sue they're doing it
they're sorry I got distracted they're
working on our patio because it's
chipping and
and yeah that's awesome right mm-hmm I
don't want to talk about don't talk to
me about it
wait so ah so I love spending money and
having it um
not be perfect uh-huh he's not gonna
take enough right now he's just too sad
he was in there long enough um for me to
get some makeup on because I desperately
needed it and I came over and got a
haircut this morning I'm like don't look
at me my face was swollen like it just
was not a good situation yeah sometimes
when you don't have make fun you look
fine and then other times it's like oh
yeah this morning was the latter so
Boston I am so proud of you
he is just walking around playing not
interesting all the laundry that's been
folded thank you very much that makes me
happy
I didn't or I'm pointing this thing
sorry if you find it was up I didn't
even know where I was pointing it um
Boston thank you for being such a good
boy oh I kind of like this it's cold
outside we're just hanging out in here I
have a conference call in 15 minutes I
don't want to get up I'm time to just to
sit here and hopefully only quiet I
don't really know do you know that my
favorite thing in life is hanging out
with you guys I used to do this with
Olivia and Cody when they were young
before you two even existed I did this
all day every day then they you think
that's so much fun
yes yeah he's still playing Siri sorry
that laugh was like right in the camera
is probably gonna be so loud oh I kind
of love this I mean I know that I've
already said this like I like that the
laundry's not done I like I don't know I
think this is really weird I'm getting
teary but like raising my babies I know
that I'm not going to
are we doing this forever and it's where
the like these are my last - like -
Livia and Cody it was like okay I knew
there was more coming but yeah when they
were little and I stayed home and did
this I don't know I'm like this is
precious to me my dad actually text me
of course I miss are quite worse
my dad text me and said um he loved
watching me take care of Lincoln when he
was sick because my hands look like my
mom's hands um and my mom was my mom is
and was such a good mom and he's like
and I can see that in you and I don't
know I just like I appreciated the
comment and I just love being a mom like
I like staying home and taking care of
these guys even though I'm tired even
though I want to kill them okay it's
worth it the heartache is worth it and I
know that I have so much more heartache
ahead of me I don't know what having
teenagers is like I don't know I but I
know when I was like as a teenager and I
scared I'm scared I don't want you to
get older and be a teenager look at him
like are you guys oh he's just limp and
I what guys and I watch it again with
and this is what it is
we I spent a lot of time watching TV and
I don't think there's anything wrong but
I watched a lot of TV as a kid
um just because it's just kind of one
Jude ah sometimes and you fall on
pillows you know that's really fun too
yeah oh hey come here who do you love
more mommy or daddy
your grandma and dad scrub on Christmas
yes that's me and all my siblings up
there Boston come here hi maps who do
you love more mommy or daddy uh Ellie
wait now that's such a mean question I
remember my parents asking me I'm like I
don't know the UPS man just dropped off
some packages I know I cannot be alone
when I say I am so grateful when Jules I
heroine packages come so I'm like oh I
can open these in secret he doesn't know
that I bought or what I've said you
think you're gonna open with that whose
package is this smart it's Cody's I
think I think here hold up code pull
hard pull hard oh oh I need a big order
for you Cody that might be yours we'll
see I don't know what okay Shh you are
the sweet package my blacken a you open
that with your pocketknife yeah serious
yeah yes cold oh my gosh you are totally
kidding me I don't think it's for you oh
it's nothing
I'm so sorry okay
now freeze I want everyone to freeze
Cody look at me look at me no pouting
because your package is coming I forgot
I made an order from this place and I
told unlike your Halloween costume like
let's go down and off of it they're just
a bunch of stinking dresses for your
sister
Oh No please stop it stop that hey
listen these are your church clothes for
the fall but I'm not sure I'm not sure
oh I'm so sorry Cody okay no look when
your package comes Olivia's not gonna
have a big pouty face so you can't have
a big pouty face but if I were you I
would totally be happening okay no more
no more no more oh my gosh that is so
sad I was like your package came let's
go open it whew it all came in one I
ordered these like yeah three apart oh
my gosh code oh you don't want to rip it
you don't break it yeah baggage gospel
that is what your costume came in and
you have slept in it for three nights in
a row and mom you tonight oh it's be
happy hold on yeah that was a roller
coaster of emotions wasn't it oh oh oh
this is huge
yeah the belt oh look at you know what
it was Stefan is he wow I bet top I
thought you could put your pocket knife
in there Oh should we try it on and see
true time I'm insane
holy really big do you know what that is
a little big isn't it cool that is a
whole heck of a pic Jeana wet we'll see
if they have a smaller size for you okay
okay what sizes other pygmy that totally
fits you doesn't it hey all right you
can put it on no you actually mind you
can come out if we have to make it fit
office it's huge the kneepads are down
to a few feet Oh mommy where was it what
that was actually I may give you one be
well sweet package that was in a package
mom isn't my lucky song uh I'll help you
put it on and take my clothes off
so I guess yeah okay let me look at
Cody's here for a minute
you know what if we had to make it work
we could but I'll see if they oh you are
so cute I'll see if they have a smaller
size okay co-driving moving on to me
no we are not but it's pretty cool
though do you love it you're just okay
yep well we'll see we'll see if you'll
pardon it up maybe leather he's sad do
not take that off so then X just dropped
off this package in like Joel did you
order you and no phones like no and all
what is this um like this is a phone box
and I opened it up and I was like I I
wouldn't have been surprised but there's
been so much talk about your phone
there's nothing wrong with my phone I
don't have a smartphone and I don't want
a smartphone I don't need a smartphone I
would never use it this phone has more
technology than
even utilize right now like I just
barely linked it up to our car so I'm
Bluetooth yeah yeah but we just I just
don't utilize it and this phone's going
to be replaced because like some of my
keys don't work very well
I don't replace with the exact same one
it's a great fun and it's not me that
doesn't allow him to would you what huh
that's good um is not me that tells him
he can't have when people are like gee
Bonnie you have the brand-new a song
that your husband has like an ancient
phone yeah I know because I choose it
yeah no I'll hurt him no that is not
true in a lease that is not true in all
ways I don't even care and I think it
costs the same for me to have a smart
phone as that one don't you sounds like
you're maybe $10 more but I just don't
care I like my phone I don't want one I
like my little gray phone good job you
told him what I wanted you to Tom well
the funny thing was that the other day I
was teasing Bonnie and I grabbed
everything in my pockets and threw it
out on the ground and I didn't realize I
grabbed my phone oh I'm gonna back
together works just fine nothing's broke
quite a doubt with a smart phone it
would be destroyed couple hundred bucks
I'm not anti smartphone by any mean but
I just don't want one I like my jet
phone if we if you ever you need one he
mmm-hmm he uses mine and if we're ever
going somewhere were generally together
oh yeah so yeah if I ever need the
internet intranet okay
also Joel doesn't have social media he
doesn't want to Instagram it is not
Facebook he doesn't happen if I ever
needed to like surf or something I'm at
home when I'm surfing so it's fine just
fine computers are for not iPhone my bud
yeah he's so miserable
well I think we're gonna call it a life
Wow we can just feed it him get the vlog
uploaded early somebody can hopefully go
to bed early yeah I don't know Tom yeah
I think I'm gonna put him in the bath
cuz that's about the only time he's
really at me he's had like a bath twice
a day for the past two days but I don't
care I'll probably come sit on the
toilet like close the toilet
sit on the toilet edit the vlog when he
takes a nap I like that idea sign that's
not as good a date
all right well Joel gets the bathtub
ready I will say again there is some
sort of a glitch or something going on
with YouTube that people are being
unsubscribed automatically from channels
that they're subscribed to if you want
to stay subscribe to make sure that that
hasn't happen to you make sure to click
the subscribe button click the Bell if
you want to be notified that way you can
stay up to date with us because we are
very entertaining people
actually cook or not aya basically I
laugh a lot
Boston is Omri a lot let's see what else
Olivia tells guess what stories Joel
tells I was having a nice time
oh okay he's not happy okay we're gonna
go but this was what I have you know
yeah
like that okay thank you guys again
we'll see it's mom bye guys
I forgot to tell you guys the rest of
the story with this package it's the
neighbors so we are all going to walk to
the neighbors Boston close the door
behind you um to be honest I'm not sure
let's go this way
yep and then we'll see so we're gonna
walk this to its rightful owners home I
got too overzealous and I opened the
package without even looking to see if
those addressed to me I saw someone
else's name and I was like that's weird
we are going to run this back to its
rightful owner which is not us
