like poop in here alright Boston are you
ready for your Halloween hulky surprise
when yours didn't come in the mail yet
I'm sorry I'm sorry yours does it come
in the mail yet hold on close race um do
what do you think yeah yeah course it
comes with the mask let's see let's show
everybody this is his Halloween costume
alright da have you been picking your
nose honey oh I think yes did you put a
show let's go show Dad did you put a
skill in your nose dad's not home did
you put a skittle in your nose yeah did
you guys not let's be honest and then
you couldn't have this yes what did you
do I look like five my ear
no what did you like in my ear
did you pick your nose yeah honey
please blue ball is already air green
ball over my ear I'm gonna get my blue
ball hmm
are you showing Lincoln your hokies let
me see flex goes down over there so I
can go man
yeah you need to see it okay go let me
see you in that run over there
you look so good what come here let me
see your muscles you want to show Dad
when you get fun no are you gonna Hulk
smash the baby yeah please don't hook
smash my baby
let me give in yeah yeah yeah he took
his socks off because he knows the Hulk
doesn't wear socks and you doesn't wear
shoes oh you are fun meeting yep that's
adorable basically or busted or daddy a
little cutie Judy yeah yeah wait you got
wide hips son whose job airiness well I
called it little baby boy he went to bed
with a really pale face and I said well
I said as soon as we fall asleep waiting
on a couple hours later midnight he'll
wake up throwing up I said that's what
he's gonna do and that's what happened
nice
happened we heard it that's what it was
gross Oh baby boy no you can't have my
camera stream so little guys in the tub
sheets are in the washing machine you
have beautiful lips mm-hmm I don't know
why this was so satisfying to me right
now would be like taking care of him no
doesn't change when babies and kids are
sick they still smile they don't they
get do this you faked her room too huh
mister when did you start filling up my
tub huh Big John's huh it is 10 o'clock
and I still insurance I focus on my face
yet and Lincoln is still asleep I
haven't heard a peep from him this
morning he woke up a couple of times
last night and and he's just sleeping
away this morning which is really great
and you kids even let me sleep in a
little bit and even coloring quietly you
guys have been obsessed with coloring
even one thing is there they sharpen the
pencils and I put their hands Achra at
the lid or like the tip of the pencil
and stuff there is like black smudge
marks on everything because they get
black on their fingertips and then they
go and touch everything so I'm like no I
would much rather clean up a little bit
of black mess around the house then them
not like color like they've been
entertaining themselves so well huh okey
people wanted to know what was all over
the fridge and it was amazing artwork
like this you and Olivia drew like 5000
of them
yes and get me a book out of this when I
was happy and watch it
that frog the Muppets movie and get out
once again I'm not about she hang up the
pictures that I drew on the red one but
guess what
he um crumbled up the ones that he loved
and he didn't like the one the
basketball one so I get up and do it
like likes meeting you one oh my sweet
wait here okay let's see
keep going Boston I'm listening ah I'm
nesting honey go ahead give me one kiss
me there's the basketball one yes I'm
looking up we were watching that that
thing that I draw mmm-hmm yeah I was
happy and we can do it but it cost me
refer it didn't I tell me yours has not
come yet and yes Boston I told Boston if
you take a nap and if you're happy when
you wake up you can have your whole
costume yeah yep and it sure as shootin
does doesn't it
you might not even want this oh yeah he
definitely doesn't want this I wanted to
at least offer it like I knew you
probably wouldn't want it but normally
it's like he rips the binky out devours
the banana and three bites but he just
doesn't really feel up to it look at me
okay he's sick he is sick kinds of sad
baby cuz we got little family more
well we just got to be soft with them
yeah there we go ahead we just have to
play the side
yep we're gonna play some softly yeah
nope nope nope because we don't want to
share germs there you awake I'm sick cuz
I'll make you
I feel sick laughter Ali has germs get
we all have germs but where you go I
have charms but no be all hunter but you
got bedroom you got you don't stick
anymore oh no oh I could doctors I'm
still sick
no I was no your move why do you let him
say what he wants to say let him say
what he wants to say it's okay oh man
why we need two chairs what some people
said they're in we have to sit there
that's right so people come over they
have a place to sit to a happy face cuz
I I put a smiley face right here but you
it's not brownie face cuz on it is a
smiley face cuz I'm doing a handstand I
didn't do anything cos it's not enough
wool so I'm gonna go color much I'm
making a book a book this is not one of
mine that's Boston's so boom boom the
bay oh wait Hera's is it I do mom this
morning Joel had to get up and go get
work done and before I even woke up he
was gone before I woke up Museum econ
all day and I little things that I'm
noticing I'm like wait a minute I don't
remember having candy for a candy dish
and like Joel must have gone to the
store or something and I I know I didn't
have any bananas this morning or apples
and the kids have been eating bananas
and apples today and I opened up all
nest
he dropped this dream cheese and I
stepped on it that's disgusting
um and I looked in the fridge and I
thought I don't remember having the
fresh-squeezed orange juice that's my
absolute favorite I think Joel got up
extra early went to the grocery store
made sure that I have this stuff that I
needed today and then went about his
work oh I just um think that was really
sweet so thank you so much Joel there's
an ant I want you to get it okay
hurry thank you squish it squish it
squish it so there's a crop over see you
didn't squish it it's still alive
see okay squish it you got to squish it
try again he's still trying he's still
working on it
pinch it in the toilet paper in the
toilet paper pinch it in the toilet
paper okay just bring it into the
garbage there you go there you go yes
okay let's go put it in the toilet paint
over 800 left you think that's a present
in the toilet yeah Oh wonderful okay go
ahead
my entire upstairs smells like poop and
throw-up
and so I'm just like trying to get the
garbage out but he will not let me put
him down so how we're working on it
good job thank you I'm training my kids
well because I don't want to be the
spider killer in my home so I'm training
my kids to do it um yeah we've got
windows open I've changed this is the
third or fourth set of sheets that are
on the bed so I'm just trying to
maintain the house a little bit while
he's sick I feel like it's a one-time
thing like I don't think he's going to
continue to be sick come on Boston let's
go we're gonna go downstairs and we are
going to hang out in the basement I'm
going to put the baby gate up and maybe
we'll just sit and watch a movie and
I'll rock him my new rocking chair I
mean new to me my mom's old yeah
okay and that rocking chair
we're getting towards the end of the
night and I wanted to give a little
update on Lincoln he slept a lot a lot
of the day and he woke up I know he's
just kind of somber I don't think he was
going to be throwing up anymore I think
he's feeling better but I think he feels
a hundred percent so Joel is gone still
so we are going to put his dinner in the
microwave for him for when he gets home
you guys come in sit down please okay
come in sit down hurry hurry boston's
let's go did you get your finger pinched
in the nerf guns is Hulk okay and no
stand up and let me see let me see
Hulk he just got his fingers finished
community it's been a very long day I
think it's been our day on Boston not a
hard day but just like a long day like a
home okay please come sit down honey why
don't you help me get the plates put at
the table since I am going to continue
vlogging okay take them to the table for
me we're gonna end the night we're going
to tell everybody thank you for watching
make sure you are subscribed even if you
think you are make sure you double check
it since YouTube has been unsubscribing
people and so just check that vlogging
can be i'm very difficult sometimes
especially you don't feel like picking
up the camera but reading you guys's
positive comments and hearing your
guys's support always helps me probably
just as much
you guys tell me that it hopes you so
appreciate lines and thank you for
allowing me just to be me and being
along for the ride Boston you okay
okay official end of the block thanks
for watching you guys
let's see you tomorrow bye bye
