good morning you guys it is Friday for
us and the kids are out of school today
they don't have school and so we called
Ellie and we said what should we do
let's do something fun with the kids so
we went to lunch I'm sharing my sucker
with Boston and this place up here is
called the first dam see a little ducky
there are ducks everywhere here's a
little duck right here I'm sharing my
sucker with a deck do you know that I
love that you carry him on your chest I
love him hmm I love you carrying him on
your chest look how huge he is he's
getting big he's so big on you I know
he's interrupting everyone's lunch
we brought Olivia here oh you waiting up
bread oh you're so sweet
oh I'm coming
oh I drove in the van with Ellie because
that's what you do you ride with your
sister and make your husband drive alone
are you gonna try to go all around Billy
professor yes they're surrounding you
guys you just way they're gonna surround
your woman oh we were hoping that's warm
Ellie Joel keeps throwing Joe keeps
throwing on the bread in front of Ellie
hey so the ducks will swarmer hmm this
is beautiful okay I'm gonna give you
guys a few movie references and you tell
me if you know what movie I'm talking
about Ellie will know my uncle he has a
black dog
we called Killa and
are you sad Olivia was like three or
four and she went out into the water she
had flip-flops on
I had full flops on and she got stuck in
the mud and so I was and she ain't like
hold her under and so she was under the
water and so I had to run out and get
her and I had on my favorite express
black flip-flops and my flip-flop got
stuck in the mud out there but I saved
your life yeah I am yep it was crazy
who's crazy that's another one of our
first damn stories remember when I would
say we are going on family trip and
everyone take off the damn rocks damn
trees accounted no Sun I would say the
other swear words and everyone's like no
le that comes in
another time that we came up here was
when you promised Cherie that if she
read the scriptures that she could come
and spend a week with us and we brought
her here we went out on the lake and we
went fishing we didn't catch a dang
thing not a thing but no Olivia thought
we caught lots of worms
we got another one mom you feel a little
okay with yourself should we go find
Ellie and everybody look they're over
there on the dock let's go find them
Cody you have the biggest sticker in
your hair this is not gonna feel good to
get out does that hurt
what is it does that hurt
no yes No oh my gosh are you okay that
would be very much entwined oh my gosh
first one oh look at all that hair and
his sticker
are you okay code nothing's really huge
money here you got a little more flat
good another one
there we go okay there we go there we go
my eye on you well we got the kids down
for naps after our day at the Ducks and
we're all refreshed have lunch in our
tummies and now we're just gonna fill
our evening with a little bit of fun
here they've got a few things for the
kids to do at this really cool farm and
we're just gonna go see what they've got
okay you help Jackson up Olivia help
them up wow that's a nice cousin good
job honey you ready to get up one two
three oh hey see if you can go up there
join me to help you get up to the next
level
no take a picture you want me just to
take a picture of you
okay smile big okay got it okay boss
knew it good job Austin good job I'll do
it again okay let me set it up for
another kid okay on your mark get set go
Wow Java so the sound effects are
intense this is the ones that say
hippity-hop and tug of war wowzer it was
pretty crazy
mmm whoa a lot of bathroom hey cowboy
down cowboy down Jetson down there we go
ooh busting down Cody down Olivia and
daddy okay let me see that suit off I
don't want to Boston she bounced it off
okay thank you but
you ready I'm I'm watching
don't let his face in your teeth as
awesome Lincoln's just like alright I'm
here for the party
okay this is the lamest possible slide
there ever was make it cool hair week oh
nice good lame-o Hey everywhere we go
Olivia finds a friend and just is their
best friend that's what she does
he's that fanny he what's in his mouth
did you give that to him where did he
get the oh my gosh where did he get my
mouth full of rocks bum oh where did he
get those did you give those to him okay
I want you to be honest with mommy where
did those rocks come from did you give
it to him I won't be mad if you tell me
the truth again you cannot give Lincoln
rocks where oh my gosh Oh every other
adults got a smartphone their mouths do
so yeah I was a mature person the horse
was going pee and it was like a ten
minute full-blown Mike look I could have
got away with two bunnies for the kids
the kids were just like funny those
disgusting but it was funny how do we
get your horse to ride faster this is a
he hog yep
Boston they have a green element for you
that was the only way I go get my helmet
on you bought a red one like a cobra and
a sharper helmet a super one okay are
you guys excited okay boss I go all
nervous Olivia asked if she could come
and pet the don't go behind him stay in
front of him
they said walk slow and you can go say
hi to kandi it's that pretty fun well
hard beautiful thing you go I'm is it
warm
mm-hmm
it's okay it's okay look look I'm right
here did that make you nervous when he
was lifting her leg you're doing so good
Boston look you're doing so good good
job Austin Jackson what do you think
Boston you're happy now good job and the
lady asked me to move out of the way to
like scoot back from the horses I was
like Oh does that scare him or something
and she said that one of the horses is
kind of a brat and if if he sees you
kind of close he'll swing his butt out
to hit you Bonnie does the thing she
said she said that it's kind of scary so
she's like you yeah so you guys stand
back I was like yeah I would rather not
get hit by a horse's head then you'd
really feel like a horse's patoot
well he had the right idea was so funny
he was putting his oak grab him grab him
grab him he's gonna topple there we go
put him back over there and see if he
does it look yes he always happy he
loves this
if you look on Instagram I'm gonna post
a super cute picture of all the kids in
here you'll have to go check it out oh
good
are you helping him Boston yeah you look
like Frankenstein do you think the kids
had fun today I hope so because I'm
tired No
so my I'm very tired our goal today was
to hopefully let the kids have a really
good day and I think that they did we
just got them all to bed and so we are
gonna call it a night
before we say goodnight I just want to
remind everybody make sure that you
click the subscribe button if you think
you're subscribed make sure you just
check it because YouTube has been
unsubscribing people from channels it's
just kind of a thing right now
and if you want to be notified click on
the bell next to the subscription button
and it will hopefully notify you anyway
I hate doing I hate like saying that's
done a little promo yes I really do I
just but that are it's very obvious in
our numbers that we can see that people
are being like unsubscribed and people
aren't seeing our videos the way they
used to right
like our bag drop off so what about you
guys that's what we are ready I know
honestly thank you for watching we'll
see you guys later bye
