doing touch-up work but Bonnie we
thought your remodel was all done yeah
it was but uh Joey might tell him why
you're doing some patchwork I feel like
there's an important story behind this
but I don't think it's necessary for us
to tell we don't know whose fault it was
yes I know where I I think I think I
know whose fault it is
well when I drilled through the floor
which I think everybody knows I drove to
know we haven't told anybody what no we
haven't
no we have not told anybody so we were
like switch up here for outside all
right there's a okay the pole right here
Joel Joel had to run power to this pole
out here there's a huge spotlight right
here so at night it shines and lights up
the yard I thought I was doing like
according to my measurements and
everything and I felt like it was but
the problem is you're facing
measurements off of where you can't see
a lot it's really boring anyway I was
off just a little bit and all sudden the
drill broke free and I could see light
and I just like oh my gosh I went to
Rick he drilled through our brand new so
luckily it was before they finished
coated it so the guy was able to put
this little plug on debug in there and
that was Bonnie's mom's idea she's like
I think you need to leave it so you see
it because it's it's a funnel well when
they came he was gonna rip up the entire
slat and anyway he could have done it
and he was going to make it look like it
never had never happened but mom's like
it gives a character leave the plug and
I'm so glad she did Oh
and we're gonna drill bit just it's a
massive thing and it just to shoot up
the wall I seriously he walked in and I
was right in the middle of the remodel I
was so mad I was just like my the worst
part about that was goes bonnie was on
the phone with somebody for customer
service that morning but she don't two
hours
hi mag oz mad tell her after this
feeling well I would be buried in the
backyard I was scared for my wife Bonnie
handled it like a champ she was just
like well let's fix it no I guess what
just fixing my car I just drill to your
brand new Stang art floors and that was
it
um you can't be too mad when you're
doing all the work well done nonetheless
I've seen Bonnie get ten times worse
over on that was just very nice yeah
baby boy you're laughing but that's not
funny you'll give that to me oh come
here you know that's not for you
you bring me that phone you slobbery
little bit
hey you give you my phone either
you'll give me my phone maker do you
guys know this store they love this
store grant bikes bossman don't run in
the road Boston come here thank you
well you can't look okay look is there
any cars come in yeah hey now go ahead
Animus bananas in pajamas Parkman McNown
those stairs okay we have a very special
mission today if you watched yesterday's
video which I'll put a little I card for
that video Olivia came home absolutely
broken heart
because her bail was broke she doesn't
want me to spend money and so of course
I'm like oh my gosh yes let's go get her
a bail
she loved her little belt she's so
perfect
it's these bells you see these there's
like inside there's those little
mechanisms and they got jammed up I
don't know so she her favorite color is
purple and that's the one she had a
jelly bell I think these are really cute
too I am half debating if I ought to get
her one of these cuz this one's not
gonna jam up I don't think Oh decisions
and it's cheaper how crazy is that
oh I don't know I don't know which one
to get did you find the movie did you
okay let's find the Charlie Brown movie
go find it and I'll put it in Boston
wanted to come home and watch Charlie
Brown what do you like when they say in
Charlie Brown oh and what else do you
like they say and watch the curls I love
that okay hey had someone asked me the
other day did you find it
yeah I find the mute button it's like
interrupt me ah keep looking keep
looking for it I had some ask me do you
feel pressure to keep your house clean
for the vlogs and the answer is totally
No
I keep my house clean for me but when
it's messy like I don't care I mean as
long as like dirty underwear is not like
but oh yeah Wow yes okay I'll put it in
for you um but the one thing like today
I just I don't want a shower I don't
want to get dressed I don't even want to
wash my teeth like I want to sit down
here and I want to watch a movie with
Boston I don't know well I do feel
pressure to like shower and get ready
but I guess that's not a bad thing like
everyone good mom I should probably get
up and shower a little bit more but I
just don't wanna I hope you're talking
about I think I love
I've been there that's what you want no
mom what the thing I got fun he's wasted
your mints
yeah oh I'll help you find them he
really wanted to have a mint and watch
Charlie Brown so that's what we're going
to do and you guys I just put Lincoln
down for now so right now is the perfect
time to get ready I'm cleaning off all
the fingerprints off DVDs do your kids
like make an absolute horrible mess with
DVDs I try I try my best to teach them
but man that one is called tangled
you're gone yeah okay we got to put mrs.
dope we got to put mrs. doubtfire away
is that fire that is mrs. Doubtfire do
you like mrs. Doubtfire yeah what part
do you like uh I like where she says
there's fanny oh she pops it out with
Pam lids well I still don't know what
I'm gonna do watch a movie or get ready
get your find out in the next clip ha ha
do you remember yesterday when you were
really sad because your bail broke guess
we're me and Dad and Cody and Boston
went and got you a new bail for your
bike yes one that works just as good
what do you think is that exciting me
judge should help you put it on your
bike but how do you really good dad will
have to do it true go do that to go do
that cake
you
we're gonna fix Olivia's bike right now
because and we're gonna let Boston look
like a homeless man with his what do you
need oh I I don't know I don't even know
how to console him right now we Bonnie
spent the day with him just watching
shows and relaxing with him and he just
is kind of inconsolable right now he
can't be satisfied his head hurt maybe
that's what it is
okay you want a Batman to play with now
okay okay we are gonna fix Olivia's
bicycle today and not because it's like
oh the bells broken we immediately got
to run out and fix another one to
appease Olivia no it's mostly because
without any coaxing there was no coaxing
involves Olivia said it's okay we don't
have to I don't want you to go out and
buy any one it's just okay but she was
still sad about it she is a very
genuinely girl okay I got see yeah and
it doesn't really work does it
yes like that can handle this all day
yeah just like that okay now it's loose
enough I think let's see
you hold that one okay you are you
working on that dad I know how to zoom
in so you're gonna zoom in yeah Madison
- oh good so we have X Boston guy little
bill I know it sounds crazy but hi I
love Austin keep my old Bell because hey
that I like Bobby my boss tonight
something like I did anybody together
that is good bye Olivia what do you got
to give dad first what do you got to
give me courage courage no come give me
hug wanted a hug and daddy needs attacks
never good
get over here lady I will wrestle you
for that entire cookie better give me a
portion of all hands are busy I got to
do it
you can have the rest thank you like no
it's totally worth it
let's go hey hey you left your shoe and
stinky feet you left your shoe the kids
left me they didn't help me at all
well that makes me really mad that the
kids left and they're not even helping
you I'm really awesome piled pretty good
looking pile huh yeah I mean I showered
drama
throw them up in the air ready for like
my view they are pretty gross of our
Boston yeah you want jumping in okay
we'll throw some Lincoln good jumping it
to show me a leaf angel yeah fun kids
are playing cars right before we waste a
little bit of time before bedtime we had
dinner homework piano dishes yeah and
now we're just waiting for basically
bedtime can you tell works I forgot
around here tomorrow
we're gonna do something fun and so it's
like our Friday night Thursday you want
to end the vlog my telling you guys
thank you so much for watching and
YouTube is unsubscribing people from
channels on America for summer I know
this has been an issue with other
bloggers as well so weird to consider
myself a blogger anyway so make sure
that you guys click the subscribe button
make sure it's still subscribed with you
already are subscribing think you are
and then click the bell right next to
the subscribe button to make sure that
we get notifications out to you thank
you guys again so much for watching and
have a really great weekend bye guys
