Lincoln when did you get so good at
walking you are doing so good oh my gosh
Lincoln you have gotten so good at
walking I just can't even believe it oh
that's a nice chair er
that's a nice boy look at him just walk
around like it ain't no thing oh and now
he just knows that I love I he knows
when you wanna buy it is getting very
cold outside Joel went and worked out
this morning
whoa logged on Mullins and came home so
called he's like I just want a hot
biscuit for breakfast how's your workout
this morning hmm crazy
did you I know if you don't know the
cameras on you it's not an issue if you
know you're being recorded like even if
it's just fine and you're being recorded
and you just don't know it's like oh
shoot see well since I'm being recorded
I get like um it was amazing I did like
a million reps of million pounds good
morning of like the ten pounds are so
heavy I know we're drinking grape juice
for the first time that we process
football what do you think does it taste
good does it taste like clam yeah a lot
does it taste like grandpa's
okay all right big boy you're bringing
Hokie with you
are you sad right now oh stop that you
stop you get over here right now come
here come here if I want a big smile
right now let me see it huge let me see
your teeth let me see Hulk is he happy
Hey
yes he is we're gonna go in and go
shopping okay okay okay okay promise
you'll be a happy boy look at me no
whining okay can you do that
all right let's go hulky come on come on
hockey ah hey what do you think of what
did you say
what do you think of those ghosts look
Oh what do you think of those
oh look words me that he wants to see it
okay go show him Wow
ah don't hit your head this alley
Lincoln Lincoln Roy boy when did you get
so big did you grow up when did you all
up
you look yes you're a good grocery
shopping partner I am not buying you
when did it go things no way Jose please
what doing yeah I'm sure you guys think
that this is going to be crazy this is
my absolute favorite way to be Lincoln
I'm not even kidding you
I like feeding him like a mama bird eggs
a good thing a good I can only do that
for so long I mean when they get teeth
like he doesn't kind of sometimes when
he bites you I just think it's like
innocent to be I secretly want to be a
mama bird okay I might get crap for that
but I love that I'm here one tree whoa
the big three for a little boy are you
having more oh I gotta get my god I'm
ready yes
oh don't you pout
well that is what you get what you did
you little jerk now say Wow Wow Oh hear
him say he said it that was clear as day
I want to hear all about your field trip
it was when I thank you so you didn't
have fun have fun but you're sad
Olivia is sad because the bell on her
bike is broke and so when she was riding
her bike she was trying to ring the bell
his somebody will up somebody walking
this way and it said to ring it with
them it means like a squirrel's iron
because I tried to stop but I don't want
it run the door and she doesn't want me
to buy her a new one because she said
that and I don't want dad to fix it I
did the one of them now she doesn't want
me to buy a new one I do want to know
did you have fun on your field trip yeah
you just got sad after what was the best
part of the field trip it was the
coolest bell too because she didn't have
to ding it she could just keep her hands
on the handlebars and just was so cool
hon it's purple and beautiful
I feel bad that we met in a storm I
won't have fun with a little prick so
take this and I'll show you what to do
sorry just don't just start at the
bottom and go each little leaf you'll
waste even one even move them up just
like that and if I big rip them in half
can you do that oh I know what Zuppa
Toscana suit
but what's called the lawn work I'm sure
glad the biggest one so now that you're
more happy try to tell me what your
favorite part of your field trip so yeah
actually this was pretty fun we we went
up a hill there ton of rocks we're
trying to find fossils in them and they
found shell mostly they were shells yes
I may have cooked the potatoes for too
long they're very mushy do you want to
know grandma calls us keel a mom what
the heck is keel I got the biggest one
do you mean Cale tell you I think we've
corrected or like 20 times mom it's
called Cale not keel and then we have
the soup and she's like this keel tastes
so good mom you it's kale I bet
she's all laughing right now actually
this hasn't been edited
boombastic wicked survivors out of the
room Oh Boston why'd you do that I know
you could hear sweet chick it's a little
hop try is just nothing not I can do
nothing I say is gonna taste like like a
little sour yeah I'd be like okay how
did it taste
I taste it
Joel told me to grab the camera what am
i grabbing the camera for well walleston
just got in trouble I'm not a good day
not a good name not good attitude today
yeah he's just testing the fences yeah
just got done testing the fences yeah go
back outside and I wasn't gonna let him
are you ready to go back outside
well Kim here I got to tell you
something show him why you can go
outside come here Oh mmm I gotta tell
you something so aunt juley called me
today and she said Jim you were ever
when Cody whined every day all day all
day all day and they said yeah and she
said did he ever go out of that and they
said yeah he actually kind of did and I
said but Boston is doing the same thing
now he just winds day in day out all day
every day instead of saying hey mom can
you can you open my fruit snap you say
open my fruit snack or instead of saying
hey mom can I go out and place a lot of
blood it's just it's really crazy anyway
I told her I said from my experience
they go through this really awful like
whiny wine it is when they're three I
love to your own
really difficult for me um and I just
said you will yell at them all day every
day and you will be telling them the
whole time don't whine I don't want to
hear you whine no whining and you go
through that for about a year say a
happy year I don't know a good solid
like six seven months I go outside you
don't wanna look at the camera that was
a nice way to ask me can I see a big
smile yeah yeah hey what's like the
whole reason I wanted Oh get your shoes
me shoes on
but the holders that one I need oh he's
got a good body the whole reason I
wanted to grab the cameras because I
wasn't gonna let him go outside and he
like looked at me like that's cuz I
don't want to do anything unless he
smiles at me so many folks smile such a
forced awful smile yes smile yes does
that soup taste good to you in a huge
bowl good we made we've got friends
coming over for dinner
and I made this yummy soup we've got
some breadsticks to go with it people
think I starve my children that I don't
feed him vegetables I think it's kind of
rude we may actually be really good rude
I'll tell you what I've loved sit down
the hope you are kitchen remodel what
does that even I feel like and the
stovetop would use it non-stop yep I'll
be in in one second honey
I gotta get bison shoes on and he
doesn't have any socks because I tell
him day in and day out put your socks on
before your shoes on fly you go outside
and he goes out in his socks new ruins
the socks oh they got wet and now he
doesn't have any socks on but you're
gonna be out there for two seconds I'm
sure you the end okay go play
love you love you
let the apple of your eye right there
and push me away that's so mean you'll
excuse me I have a bunch bucks they go
up some buzz
whining dinner was pretty successful
don't you it's all wrong I know this was
a fun this is the first people we've had
over besides family in our house for
dinner and it was really fun we enjoyed
the night I'm not sure if this is true
but people are saying that um YouTube
like there's something funny going on
YouTube people are being unsubscribed
channels we're not being notified so
make sure if you want to watch our
videos that you click the subscribe
button and there's a little bell I think
underneath the subscribe button that you
can click and it will make sure that you
get notified of our videos so if you
want to watch them with you all alive
just go ahead and do those things and
thank you guys for watching and we'll
see you guys tomorrow when is tomorrow
yep tomorrow
tomorrow okay guys I
