good morning you guys waking up having a
little bit of a special K this morning
and I have some awesome company good
morning you two
Meachem children the kids woke up this
morning I am here babysitting them and
Jackson said where's my mom and I said
she got on an airplane my kids are at my
house and guess what they're gonna come
over to have a sleepover tonight with us
yes they sure are and you know what I
learned this morning that Calvin does
not like milk in his cereal I do you do
yep that was a baby tiny catastrophe
when I poured the milk on the cereal but
we thought it fixed didn't we you boys
ready to go it looks so cute and dressed
and your cowboy boots and your cool
shirts who's here last and guess what's
on TV you mask
Calvin who's here come here do you want
to come down and play are we so lame
watching TV
heck no it's the morning we're gonna go
out and play when the Sun comes up can
we be bums for the first part of the
morning yay cold sore pills did you
bring - oh thank you no I don't think
you guys will be able to swallow these
horse pills you may be the cause of them
though okay this is just funny we're
sitting in Jarrod's office and this is
so funny to see you in here I asked Joel
I was like are you going to say our
house or you want to come here and I'm
like please come into your office and
edit you keep saying Jared been pretty
positive
I've seen controls new office guys I
don't know why I think it's funny I just
do
good day mr. Meachem today mr. Colleen
goodnight did you just say come on buddy
oh come on buzz
see you guys later Alvin where are you I
mean I can hear you I just can't find
you Calvin are you in here no and where
are you are you up in the window why
have you been hiding from me all morning
you're kind of goofy yeah you're kind of
goofy come here should we show everyone
else where you were hiding from me this
morning did you crawl underneath that
bench and hide from me this morning you
did and you thought that was so funny
Lincoln has been noticing everyone on
the potty a lot more and he's been
telling me I want to go potty on the
toilet I know he's been noticing that
Calvin's been potty training and our
cousin Porter's been training and you're
the youngest of that little group that's
right see they're even fighting over the
paw patrol or the toilet my point don't
be surprised if this little man starts
potty training soon they naturally spend
a lot of time here at Ellie's house
because it's just so comfortable a lot
of times we'll just need to take a couch
we'll look at the window while we listen
to the kids play downstairs or outside
so it is kind of fun being here without
Ellie it just feels like I'm playing
house our house is just really like
just comfortable and cozy and so it's
just fun to be here where's penny no
she's not on the plane you wanna go on a
baby plane maybe sometime I honestly
think that's my favorite part of
traveling is just seeing how they live
and just how insanely different it is
mm-hmm
for sure oh my gosh honestly fun it's
like we don't have anything like that
here trying to set my timer
timer they like Papa Joe and like Jilla
gentleman check I know where I'm and I
knew this cheese on it knuckle do you
see the bread it's hot so we're gonna
let it cool off and we're gonna go take
a nap you get it taken out and count it
does that sound fun
hey weird thing can go Lincoln Lincoln
thank you
alright if I'm gonna take my first ever
nap with Lincoln you got close rice
are you guys doing in here yeah you you
hear him man yeah I don't think that is
meant for you to climb on little mister
can you climb down No yes that is Calvin
Oh
oh my god my favorite part of motherhood
hands down is the times when I've just
had quiet days a home with all the kids
and I just sat in the room and I've
watched him play and run around and have
fun and we did yes you are up there I
don't regret any of my quiet lazy days
with the kids they're my favorite and I
still have lots left with you don't I
mm-hmm Boston's gonna go to school and
then I'm just gonna have you so I just
have a couple more years left of it look
I have I have one more tip see well for
each of you but I gotta ask a few more
questions we win yeah and my voice is
what their favorite thing to eat was now
what is your favorite thing to do I like
to ride my bike all the time
what do you like to do right now why my
right what do you like to do for fun
put your snow clothes on that's a good
one are you stuck
ciao
you want to go between my legs not on
the bike honey
alright problem once your barstool up I
am seriously made the most delicious
smelling breakfast casserole and cooked
it for extra long and I swear to you I
have made this forever I've never been
able to cook it all the way through the
eggs are always running he ticks me off
that's okay
instead of having a nice casserole
breakfast dinner we're gonna have a
piece of banana bread and a glass of
milk good thing kids don't care right
explain uh it's not good it's like a
runny it's already like closer to
bedtime that I usually want it's alright
it's fine hey at least the good part is
it's close to the bedtime okay and I
just
you're gonna cast this business and
there's Jared with your Wi-Fi password
isn't this fun
I feel like it's a date night hotel very
very nice well you know the best part
about hotels are they clean up after you
they take you doing that if everything
goes smoothly we're going to be watching
this is us this is us if you are not
watching this is us I wish this was
sponsored if you're not watching it you
need to watch it you can thank me later
if you watch it you have to tell me in
the comments let me know if you watch it
gonna be a lot hotter when I get in
there now if you guys enjoyed today's
video make sure you give it a great big
thumbs up if you aren't subscribed
please subscribe um turn on your
notifications
he wants to go
