good morning you guys Joe and I have
lived in our house for over 7 years now
and we just got done remodeling the last
room in the house
so when you walk in this is the family
room when you walk in we used to have a
loveseat right here but it was much
taller and so it blocked off the view of
the house when you first walked in so I
did decide to change my chairs
these are custom-built chairs I picked
the cloth I picked the style of the
chair and they even sized them down for
me just a hair because they are a bigger
chair and I do have a small space so the
website that I found these on was of
iron and oak and they were wonderful and
they did a really good job I do have a
lot of questions about the shutters that
we have Joel what are these call these
shutters are a 5 inch hidden louver
shutter not quite a plantation shutter
they're a little different the color of
our wall we get to ask that much many
many many times each video the color on
the wall is Sherwin Williams
sea salt sea salt sea salt 70% and and
when I went in and bought it I said I
want this mixed 30% lighter because it
was still a little too dark and even now
sometimes and it gets a little bit dark
looking sometimes it's blue sometimes
it's green sometimes it's gray it takes
on different colors but I'm happy with
it on each side of the fireplace we have
two mirrors and over the stairs we have
this really tall mirror I got all three
of those mirrors from Crate & Barrel and
I like creighton barrels items I am NOT
happy with create and barrels customer
service they were extremely rude to me
on the phone when I called them so I
don't know
I like their stuff I have always had
problems with their customer service
parts we're missing two Oh some of the
hangar stuff whatever we needed parts
missing yeah yeah it kind of stunk
expecially for what you pay for them I
got these flowers from Wayfarer I wanted
to have a little special touch I knew I
wanted some special pictures in my house
this is my
cousin Wade and this is my brother beau
he's my only brother and we named our
son bus and Wade after Wade these
ceramic books I found from Z Gallerie
where'd I find her
Taipan that's where I found those these
candlesticks are old I debated keeping
them
um I know I've got like a lot of like
silver and more modern the reason I kept
like the brown the brown and the brown
was to kind of bring in the brown in the
floor I feel like this side of my room
is like dark dark this is all original
that little decoration area and I don't
decorate a whole ton I am NOT going to
decorate I like a few things like this
is plenty like what I have is enough
anyway the whole point of that was
candlesticks are old these are old that
came from Coles
I found this somewhere online I don't
even know it was kind of like a I don't
even know where that came from anyway
and then this also came from Z Gallerie
the guy that installed the stone of the
fireplace did a wonderful job
Joel did the rest this is mine this is
the second one I've done I did the one
downstairs too but we had to rip off all
of the stone that was on here he was
like that thick everywhere there was
about a thousand plus pounds here on the
floor there's really waiting down the
floor and we took all that out
wheelbarrow by wheelbarrow and put in a
new fireplace and put in a new pipes for
the chimney and everything we had to run
gas line all the way back over to where
the oven is I had to run power all the
way over and luckily there's a chimney
right behind here for the basement
there's a chimney right here for the
middle and then there's a space right
here like a little cavern this should
have been like a third chimney maybe for
a third storey
but it's empty so I was able to send all
my stuff down and just drill one hole
over we would go it was actually pretty
cool I didn't even know that place um my
chair is original and the couch is
original I don't know if I'll change it
I don't think I will I know that it this
doesn't exactly go with everything that
I've got going on but that's okay
I forgot to tell you this is a Howard
Miller clock and that's the one thing
I wish I had I wish the whole thing
wasn't just silver like I wish that I
had a little bit of dark to it or like
the notes' who are the numbers would be
black or something I don't know it's not
my absolute favorite but I like it this
picture is called light of the world we
got it from Ezra Deseret book the vase
came from Z Gallerie and the flowers
came from you guys this is really hard
to remember Oh Michaels thank you
everything about this vase this morning
I was getting after Kody for touching it
oh my gosh you never break it was
plastic a few people see this kind of
stuff on the walls and they think that
the walls are cracking we actually this
is called a holy smooth texture our
walls were not perfect when we moved in
and to disguise the imperfections
they put a texture called holy smooth so
that is intentional if it's there on
purpose
what is your baseboard what size of them
and the casings that you did okay so
this is all of it as MDF I don't know
what that quite stands for but it's all
I can glue board anyway this is a six
inch by 5/8 this is a four inch by 5/8
and this is a pate inch by 5/8 and
that's the standard throughout the
entire house and what is the floor so
the floor is 3/4 inch solid oak and it's
three four and five inch planes like
width and I had had a few questions on
what color the floor is and the guy came
in and I told him to mix me something
that was warm brown not red and this is
what he came up with so it is a lot of
different colors in there it's just a
matter of what you like okay the kitchen
had the most dramatic change to it I'm
going to start with the appliances we
got and the LG appliances we have had
good luck with LG that's what our
washing and drying machine is one of our
TVs is yeah so we've always liked that
my phone my phone is LG such a piece of
woman we got these appliances from our
sea willing we shopped and shopped for
many different places and the reason I
liked RC Willey was because the
attendants were super helpful and they
had a really huge selection of things
and so I was happy going to RC Willey
and our countertops these I have one
thing to say about these countertops
these are called super white
when you search super white on the
internet on Pinterest um you can ask
designers they will tell you oh it's
quartz
oh it's granite oh it's depending on
where you get it what it is no no no if
it looks like this this is marble I went
to multiple marble distributors and they
told me that this is marble
most of the white marble that you will
see in this world comes from Italy
there is one mountain in Italy that's
where all the white marble comes from
this is not white marble this has a lot
a lot of grey to it and this is from
Brazil I was told that it was a little
more firm but the Installer told me he's
like marble is marble it is soft once
it's on it's not going to crack but you
do have to be a little careful with
marble that's what I wanted that's what
mama got these are called The New Yorker
subway tile they are not even they're
not smooth
they have like a wave to them which I
felt like that would give the wall a
little texture we did go with white
grout and in the window this little
flower came from One Kings Lane we did
go with a stainless steel farmhouse sink
um it's amazing it's pretty fabulous it
does I it's it's a little different for
me to get used to drying it like I've
always dried the faucet and things that
I'm done doing dishes but with this I
have to like wipe the whole thing down I
love it I love it yes Joel knew that I
wanted a little light directly above
there Joel put in canned lights these
are all LED they're LEDs that's the one
thing we thought about Joel likes warm
like I'm like if you're going to be a
vlogger Joel that's good some good
lighting so if you'll notice anytime
we're downstairs
the lighting is super yellow and any
time we're up here it's really just
relative isn't there a good media no
they weren't there weren't medical
lights there's a little bit of a yellow
hue so the table came from a website and
Amish websites called Amish
I believe it's Amish tables com I chose
the wood this is a cherry table our
cherry wood it's very nice I have a
bench so on that and that I can tuck the
table over it which that's that was my
one requirement and so that way because
I don't have a lot of room and so I
needed to be able to tuck the table up
against the wall and then we did replace
the door we had French doors there and
then this is a French sliding that way
we didn't have the door swinging into
the house and taking up the room which I
love that was a battle - I really wanted
the French door yeah
very happy with BOMs choice here yeah I
love what we've done here yep I don't
you I want to put some roman shades
right here and right here Joel does not
want them bring our fans and boys into
an argument I want blinds here I walked
through my house in the buff all the
time and I don't think the neighbors
really appreciate it I think we should
put some blinds there anyway Joel did
put a grid wall right here with the same
stuff that the floorboards are made out
of and you just did that painted it the
chandelier the mini chandelier came from
Wayfarer that's the upstairs this is our
place um I believe we're forgetting one
thing
Oh a little bit of match but Dad - looks
like when we did the remodel downstairs
I got sick and I didn't have enough time
to wire the doorbell back together so we
haven't had one
for five six months so I had to rewire
anyone in and got it to cook just like
the rest as I love it good so there you
have it this is our house
I get out okay I went from a darker
house that didn't show much to a bright
white stainless steel house and so it
has been a little bit different keeping
things clean but it has not been hard
and I really believe if you have the
right tools to do things it makes your
job so much easier so for all of my
glass
so my window right here my window here
because the kids are constantly touching
it and all of my stainless steel
appliances this is what I use I can get
it from Walmart they have a similar one
from Sam's Club a lot of you guys
recommended the Wayman stainless steel
wipes
I like these for special occasions I
feel like they have a tendency to leave
a residue on there it does make it look
nice but it's like really soapy when you
first put it on it's not my absolute
favorite but it's good for like okay I
really need to go in and like shine
these up like that's what I'll use the
floors get dirty very easy but they also
clean up super easy I know I need to get
a rug I just don't know what or where to
get a rug so this is what I've been
using and Ellie had this anchor vacuum
at her house and I immediately was like
okay I need that in my life I have to
have that in my life the reason I like
this is because every day I just can go
in and I can vacuum super easy with this
thing I like this because it's little
you charge it in the garage
and it turns perfectly so I vacuum under
my table I vacuum my rug I'll come in
here and I'll do my rug it moves on a
dime I don't have to do a whole lot it
glides really really easy I did go into
the store and I tried out one of the
Dyson's and I didn't like it as much and
this was way cheaper too I will make
sure to leave this in the description
below for you guys I'll put a link to
Amazon because it is literally my
favorite this is a little mock that I
just get the head of this wet throw it
on the floor it has a little damn crow
and I got this locally so I don't even
know like the brand or anything and I'll
just quickly go over the floor like I
just and it picks up anything sticky on
the floor so I'll do that at the end of
the night each night and that I feel
like keeps my floors really clean this
process was very long very stressful but
absolutely worth it if you watch our
vlogs you can see the process from
beginning to end and I thought it was
fun Joel did all of the work
Joel worked very very hard he's good at
what he does when I married him I had no
idea that he was as good as he is at
like finish work I had no idea Joe had
knew how to do that I don't think he
knew he knew how to do that we really
have learned as we've gone and I don't
know it's just been a really fun process
thank you guys for coming along the
process thank you for watching our
videos make sure to give this video a
thumbs up for Joel for all of Joel's
hard work I hope I haven't forgotten any
of your questions I will keep my eye on
this video for the next few days and
answer as many questions as you guys
have in the comments down below thank
you guys so much for watching I will see
in the next video bye guys
