good afternoon everybody we are getting
our day started we've actually had a
really really busy morning this morning
we've had to do some work and filming in
the house but now bonnie is gone and she
is ever shoot out of my hair skin
Bonnie's gone for the afternoon and for
the evening
and it is me hold him down this Fork hey
get back to your seat should we learn
how to do it together I was actually
joking with him but I think I think that
was given in a moment what by well don't
say that Hotel van they may not get
their homework done I told the kids if
we come home we're gonna get our
homework done and then we'll go to the
jump zone we're gonna meet some friends
there some family and play who is it I
don't know I guess we'll see when we get
there huh okay Cody we need to work on
your packet your fluency page I know you
can do this what letter is that what
letter is that what letter is that
uh-huh what letter is it that's the
letter U it makes a sound what letter is
that why how come you know that letter
you do my name which is in your last is
it your last letter in your name yes
doing Guinea mmm
dang don't I get it I get it
hey quit man and the lights over there
so we've got a bunch of homework to do I
also I also have to make sure the kids
get some food in their bellies they come
from home from school famished and
that's what I'm gonna do
so schoolwork playtime and then we're go
to the jump zone
yes you are
that's a really rude joke uncalled porn
I don't appreciate it Bonnie just called
she what say hi mom can you buy it
please oh my then I get a call the jumps
on tomorrow and today we're going yeah
the kids were the kids brought home a
book selling program or whatever I can
track em trigger their call to read with
on thing whatever anyway oh I know it
but the kids keep bringing home all
these books selling things because they
can get prizes if it gets so worked up
it's not like this is not like a pricing
but this little glass oh okay we'll talk
about in a minute
I feel Bonnie we are in the middle of
doing homework and your phone call came
as a distraction
I know I know I hate being away from
them even when it's a short time but I'm
oh my gosh Boston just crawl this okay
say hi mom mom fix it come on you love
her I love you love you okay okay BYE
MOM
homework is done we are leaving out the
door right now to go to the jump zone
they earned it they worked hard I feel
bad because I know Olivia knows her
stuff and I feel bad because I I come
down maybe a little bit too hard on her
I don't know I'm not mean by any means
but I just want her to understand what
she's doing and and not get so
scatterbrained but at the same time
she's been at school all day long so I
feel bad that it's such an endeavor to
get homework done but I want her to
learn how to do homework because I never
did go
hey how come you're not going nowhere
huh
do you want to come jump with me hook up
jump with me
Lincoln has always jumped thinking
always jumps on my chest so I'm pretty
excited put you on the mats and let you
jump for yourself you'll probably like
it maybe not
Boston likes the little kid area hey
drop the balls I know you're gonna put
them in your mouth
all righty nod you throw him back good
job
good
normally it's a million degrees in here
it is per easing hey this is the
awesomest
much much thank you sweetheart
kirpan park friends just got here our
friends are here hey um
Scotty birthday Joey happy birthday um
you're missing somebody
oh the only reason I came Jared said
Ellie would be here and I said I was
coming for that reason alone well I you
know I was going to City Creek with
Bonnie for a minute but something came
up and we switched places I'm sorry Joel
I'll make it up to you I promise better
I will
I want my one-on-one time with a belly
you'll get your one-on-one date yeah
we'll get this road rough oh ha ha
let's go it's freezing in here Oh
now your turn
we should have put you in a different
outfit than a dress I think oh well
there's nobody here normally placed at
nobody's here
so we have it to ourselves
yeah I'm ready
well I did not work very good
hi hello
well welcome at anytime
yeah that makes you happier it's pretty
slow he's gripping his feet and they
just stop him yeah what did you see I
can get some oh we didn't bring your
piggy bank leaving yours
hello you guys did you miss me I have to
be quiet because everybody is asleep
thank you I feel like I missed everybody
while I was gone did you guys have a
good day
I missed you you missed me I missed you
had a good idea I get it okay sorry you
had to know well we're we're on the same
page now we didn't have a good day we
had a fun day but I have to tell
everybody like I feel like I have to
apologize to Bonnie and to you guys I
took the camera with me and we had tons
of footage but I must I'm like new to
this of like doing all the vlogging or
whatever manning the camera it's hard
it's hard I keep bumping buttons and I'm
shutting it off mid recording so I'm not
getting any of the footage I think sorry
so he thinks that he's recorded all this
stuff but when we went through the
footage he's like I saw it recorded that
are like halfway through a clip like
really cute
all of a sudden chefs Austin's like yeah
no and I feel like a robber like I need
an alibi or something I promise I swear
was me it's okay I'm learning
you did good and you know what I'm happy
with whatever footage we got I was fun
it was honestly fun at least doing it
and spending the time with the kids and
it was fun recording like I genuinely
thought this is why I was so bummed
because I genuinely thought out
sequences and I was like oh we can edit
this really cool and Bonnie can make
this look really cool she'll love this
and there was some cute tender moments
with Cody and with Lincoln and with all
the kids they just didn't get I'm sick
okay well I was in Salt Lake City and
every time I Drive to Salt Lake City I
think about my boyfriend while you're on
your mission Joely no his name was
Dallin and he helped me because I was
like I am going to Salt Lake and I don't
know how to get there this was before
smartphones and anyway he wrote down in
a notebook I think I still have it out
in my car actually the blue notebook out
in the car yep yep the log yep and my
log but my dad got me when I first
bought that car he was teaching me how
to like me like uh document the
maintenance of the vehicles anyway um
that was kind of funny to like think
about that as I was driving to selling
because now I know exactly how to get
there because I remember like talking
with him and like how to get there and
stuff anyway I am meeting down in Salt
Lake and I was writing some errands and
so anyway that was fun I had a good day
and I want to show everybody the jewelry
that I'm wearing today because this is
one of the pieces of joy that my mom
gave me and and I've never been able to
use it until I found this chain and then
this is the ring that goes with it it
has more gold in it than my mom's
wedding ring my grandma got this for my
mom and my grandma when my mom turned 14
I think and amazing yeah so my mom had
it for years and I think I was
complaining one time like really has all
your old jewelry brittany has Ellie has
julie has everybody has all this stuff
and she was like here to take whatever
we just got a complaint in the giveaway
would kind of fun I'm not sure if
everybody is I've had a few comments
people saying I haven't been getting
your notifications so one make sure you
guys hit the subscribe button it's free
if you're subscribed you'll get notified
of my videos if you are subscribed and
you're not getting notifications I'm
pretty sure you have to turn on the
notifications so make sure that those
are on and if you know how to do it post
it in the comment section so other
people can see how to do it um thank you
guys for watching I had a really good
day I had a really good conversation
mom's hair and we had a really good
conversation about why we love our mom
so much is because we see Olivia has
seen me at my absolute worst I have seen
Olivia at her worst we've all seen each
other naked maybe my purpose I love I
love when I can get Joel to say oh my
are like laughing like embarrassment I
can look my face red I embarrass him a
lot and I wanna I love embarrass or
shock you that happens a lot I love it
anyway we go through so much crap with
our moms and our dads and that's why we
love him that's why we love him so much
and I was of course crying to mom and
telling her like like I know that like
getting through high school is really
rough and there's a reason that they
always said you can just make it through
high school you can make it through the
rest of your life like those years are
so hard and we and I think that
teenagers don't realize the consequences
of their actions we were talking about a
few of the really stupid things that I
did in high school and some of those
have like permanent effects physical and
emotional scars that are left is because
we don't think about our actions anybody
don't we don't always understand the
consequences of our actions like we're
so rash when we're young and it's like
ah but you learn from them the one thing
the one piece of advice that I would
give to kids in high school and junior
high is if you just go to your parents
with an issue it is so much better than
trying to figure it out on your own
making really stupid decisions just go
to your parents and talk to them have a
little more faith in them because a lot
of times I thought I'd get in trouble
when in reality if I would have gone to
them until then look I'm having a hard
time with this I wouldn't have gotten in
trouble and that's what I would say we
do go to your parents and trust them a
little more than you want to and trust
yourselves in that yeah you got to trust
yourself with that too
yep okay we love you guys we seriously
love you guys thanks for watching I will
see you
our next video hi guys
