good morning you guys it is Saturday
morning every six months in our church
our church leaders come out with
inspirational talks and words of wisdom
for anyone that wants to hear it so we
get together and we watch it on the TV
and Henry and where's it where's Kate
Kate is over here and little Henry boy
is over here these are my brother Beau's
children and they are so lucky they give
it go sailing today I'm getting his
little blankie for kids other blankets
or kind of girls that's that's just
kidding okay
so anyway we are babysitting them and it
is between sessions and so Ellie came
over little babies are all down for a
nap oops sorry Sun was bright all the
little babies are up for naps we're just
hanging out in backyard now because they
were sick of being cooped up downstairs
so where should I hang out outside and
enjoy our Saturday I just have to give
Bo proof I have to give all proof that
we were really good uses while he was
gone
Henry Fonda's head and he just stood
there like this
didn't even crime one thing I will say
about both children they are very very
well behaved I'm impressed
I'm not good night camp you know where
your cookie is did you eat it
are you sure
he's a monster in there
so this is like a person I made it out
of mud so this is your fairy house here
don't need pictures yes
so is that a person made out of yeah mom
yeah wow you did a campfire that's a
campfire and that's for a house okay
that's a garden loli she said that's her
house yeah that's her house hey this is
her garden and that's my garden and
that's like that's like a Oh like a
light okay like a lantern it yeah like a
lamb okay yeah I'm what are these right
here those are a plane those are her
garden so I'll just stick with the
middle oh that's like that's I guess
paprika cuz this is the fire so what you
roast I don't know marshmallows you know
my tamartian Wow muddin Mars one Mars
Wow
did you see that fairy ah are you making
a fairy land - my goodness that is
pretty awesome
Wow well I want to see the updated fairy
gardens wow paint yours looks really
good mama I covered the fire salon the
fire won't go away and then that's like
that's like a holder for the um
marshmallow you want to watch and then
taste you want to pay for those sticks
was Kody trying to make you pay for the
sticks I like that the kids are just
playing in the dirt like this is a good
Saturday very odd is like congregate
with each other
it hasn't been rainbows and rainbows and
1s sunshine and rainbows
they have been little turds and fighting
with each other but if this is how it
ends I'm happy that is Olivia's baby
bear that she made out of mud yeah I
mean
Lilla pretty good thank you yeah me cuz
I might get the bear poop there's a real
bear sitting over here he's meditating
careful we don't want to aggravate him
see the little bear but the little bear
ears
oh you're sneaky eating dirt I didn't
know there was dirt in there clean keen
argh
good morning you guys we just got done
watching it the first session of Sunday
conference and we all enjoyed it very
much I may have knocked a tiny bit um
but we enjoyed watching it as a family
the kids were really good
Lincoln was able to nap during the whole
thing which was so awesomely nice and we
cooked in our oven for the first time
this is um I know the pan looks a little
scary but the inside was really clean I
promise we cooked potatoes oh well to me
that doesn't look very good but I know
it's going to taste good we've made
Dutch oven potatoes many times and
they're really good
anyway we cooked in my oven for the
first time and it cooked like a champ it
cooked like twice as fast as it normally
does I can't reach you because you
closed the drawer if the dad is in the
shower and Lincoln opens the little
drawer in there come here where'd you go
Lincoln meg
don't get it you're free yeah you were
stuck in the bathroom
hmm apparently wasn't too bad what you
doing was that him tutors Tootie come
here oh hey he's like um squeeze me bye
bye bye bye bye what do you think in
yeah yeah my boy leave that alone
come here go where boss we can go on me
and I was like always a video so Jimmy D
but Cody came and got on me I'm a
family sweat outfits together in
together apparently you're not part of
the family job daddy daughter Oh daddy
son sorry
well he did but he pooped him huh
Lincoln had his sweats on but then he
pooped it is little like he walk outfit
and it's stuck really bad so change that
Oh John Olli I was gonna say watching
Costin don't you be climbing on my
chairs please hop down right now hop
dance what I was gonna say is that my
house looks so pretty from laying on the
floor like the lights it's all white our
ceiling used to be painted only with
primer and so it was really yellow yeah
it was really yellow that's what adds to
the like old-school look of the home but
now it's just nice and why and I'm just
admiring the paint I mean can you
believe it's done busy deciphering I
know I like talk to me but can you
seriously it's done so he was thinking
last night I was laying there thinking
about doing there's a few we have a
handful put your feet down
oh okay or not Olivia has a head turn
case go back to Boston that's mighty
good okay I don't know if my legs can
handle this ready yeah one
the cage Superman the remote aren't you
sick of being cooped up down here let's
go we're never going get your shoes on
we're gonna go we're gonna get the kids
outside we're gonna either go for a walk
or a drive it kind of is starting to
rain so we're gonna go do something we
don't know we're gonna get in the car
and go my dream is Collines Jack no way
this is what's gonna keep you occupied
during the next session okay Ren get
your shoes on we are gonna go because we
need to get the kids out we need to let
their windows out I need to get mom for
the next session and we'll see you guys
in the next video bye guys
