does mom know you're doing this
yes she's good at the cheer moms good at
her chair over yeah it's a very nice
building ten while I do breakfast
they're really happy I can't believe
you're moving your new chair that's
amazing
and I didn't like scraping it across the
rug uh go get your bread okay okay oh
those dang hiccups what the heck oh gosh
um just a million times and I will
probably say it a million more times
until Christmas I am so happy that we
have a table are you guys happy we have
somewhere to sit and eat it's okay no
it's okay that's for him yes that's his
food look just let me like it papers
papers look this say name papers their
papers their checks that your
is there Wow do you remember Olivia
singing that song and Kinney garden like
Street tell me to sing it everything cuz
I have to happen and then you let I wipe
the tables and I just have to get
someone's enjoying their breakfast don't
count are you enjoying your breakfast
I'm Julie I love it good I'm glad
I think Lincoln's enjoying it the most
Joel is enjoying it the least with his
hiccups okay you can't leave one on this
tree okay not wanna we got to leave we
can't leave any of the grapes on our
plants okay it's fun that's a good use
of scissors for you if you drop them
pick them up off the ground and grandpa
would be proud
gonna be a great man
this morning after breakfast Boston said
mom can we go on a date and watch TV and
said yeah and of course I mean what else
would be maybe would we be watching
other than Pauline vlogs hello hi which
ones have you been liking your surgery
video yeah did you like that one yeah
but no I loved but somebody then maybe
hello a book hello mate and I just got
this one at Christmas yeah I don't know
how I get this finger
we have been watching um Lincoln's birth
blog I bawled my eyes out why our birth
blog so emotional I don't know but it
was pretty fun to go back to watch it
it's funny because when I look at
Lincoln's brand-new baby face and the
way he was laying and had his hands by
his face I thought that's him like you
have those little characteristics about
you when you're born like his part he
had his personality when he was born
when he was in my tummy he had his own
personality and I just think that it's
really amazing to go back and watch and
Bosma said I want to watch me be born
and I said I don't have a video of you
being born I was so sad I was like I
wish I had a video of you being born
that would be so sweet video you love
Lincoln's video oh I plan one but when
you were playing with play-doh after
your surgery
you just loved it and you know what
other ones we were liking yeah when all
of you guys met Lincoln Boston kept
saying that's me that's me and you were
so much more small weren't yet
yep Oh reminds me of my dad I'm better
looking no comment
not even reminds me of my dad this is my
dad guess what I got a notice in the
mail today saying that our powers going
to be turned off because I didn't pay
the bill so yeah I got that taken care
of today I'm glad the one job you had to
do you had one job one job and I didn't
do it sorry
he's a good sharer you're good sharer
mmm what's that face what's the matter
what are you thinking about when you
just woke up from a nap he oh
grandma guess Grandma and Grandpa felt
bad for us
that they'd come up and help us with our
graves and that's what they're all
they're talking about grapes last batch
really good job you guys got a Malayan
yeah you got them all in yeah how many
quarts are great too since we've done
between all the kids about 200 no baby
oh my word rubies whatever six we're
never gonna want to drink this time I
think what are we bottling this all for
so it's $50 a bottle this this stuff is
gold yeah we're kind of nerds when it
comes to the jars kind of like cross
headquarters that's pretty cold brutal
I remember that line ever hold on our
birth order we already feel the nw1 I've
had a green one that's Northwestern
Mason just oh yeah oh okay they're back
to cool jar on this premise uh now
grandma Griffis my mom she had this jar
it's a square jar it has a whole bunch
of lines all the way around so it makes
real small checkers on it yeah that's
their inheritance she gave us a whole
bunch of bottle uh cherries and butter
the butter was like eight years old in
the cherries were from like 1970 are
really really old cherries and so we
said thanks mirror you know platform and
dump them down the sink
the bottle is so cool I love that bottle
and we started doing grapes in our first
house and so we had grape juice in it
and it was in our our pantry and my mom
came and visit one day opened up the the
pantry and saw that jar and just about
charred crying where did you where did
you get that jar oh when did you take
that from my house no I didn't know we
didn't give it to you and so I felt kind
of bad but I'm glad that I had it
because I knew that it meant something
to my mom and so I'm glad that we had it
and and we we put grape juice we put
peaches we put tomatoes we put all sorts
of different stuff in that jar and every
time we do every year we think mom sure
loved this jar so do i well that's the
jar we wait we picked it the other we
needed some more grape juice we were
completely out which mom and dad usually
supplied it now we can supply our own
and we grab that jar down with no no no
well no and it don't go no I know I know
so we put it back yeah we take it back
and then mom we get it hard you take
that to him you make sure that she gets
this jar you don't have to tell but just
make sure they get well that's the first
thing we noticed yeah what's the first
thing we noticed was that little jar
scanner every time we're wanting to
start getting you know rid of some of
the things that means things to us too
and give them to you cast on so you know
the story behind them yeah well now we
have it and we'll put our stuff in it
what
your pickup trick mean to you I think of
truck a pickup truck doesn't mean that
doesn't mean that much to me grab that
pincher and with both hands pinch that
together and then I'll hold the bottle
we got our gloves on so we're safe and
we're good to go so what you going to
pinch that bad boy see if you can get
that good there you go good job code
okay then just hold steady that you got
a pincher for a long time when you pinch
you don't push that anyone trying but
yeah you can rest it on my thumb yeah
good job code I like your gloves they
look a little bit too clean I think
they're boston's well it's coming yeah
yeah it's itching got a bit you're
harder pinching the harder you visit
wearing your hand out a little bit okay
here put your hands around grandpa's
finger there you go push in on grandpa's
English push push a little bit harder
put your finger on that lid right there
and hold it still right there there you
go you gotta hold that down congratz I
can put the ring on okay there you go
there you go bang good job code liquid
gold well mom and dad just left and the
total count for jars of grape juice
today is what 32 32 for great points 32
jars of grape juice pretty good yeah for
4 plants that's pretty good no no no no
no I think that's plenty don't mind it's
been a huge day for you big day for the
kids
we are going to get the kids in bed I'm
going to get the vlog edited and I bet
we've got a show to watch if not we've
got a bed okay thank you guys so much
for watching see you guys later
bye guys
