oh no you don't need your hat nobody's
looking at your hair okay
I am in here as me your phone you gave
me the camera and left okay in this vlog
you are gonna see Joel singing and what
do you think we're debating if we should
keep it we're debating if we should keep
it in and what do you think it was fun
at the time hmm in the leafy treat side
good morning yeah how do you do today
how do you know okay now I am only
laughing because when you watch people
perform and you just get that cringe on
your face like even if they're good
you're just like yes it I'm he's no it's
not bad are you embarrassed right now
very much so hey you're going to
recorded it I know well you can edit it
out what do you think do I keep it or
leave it out I don't know
Oh were you meaning it serious or
sarcastic the song yeah like when you
were singing Oh sarcastic completely
okay just fun I'm gonna leave it in and
we'll see what everybody thinks it's
kind of a joke
it's not like him like bursting out of
song up in the treetops or anything like
for reals I mean look literally he's in
the treetops bursting out in this one I
was in a leafy tree tops Oh funny okay
we'll keep it in I'm a good morning
everybody we have a big day today we are
canning we are getting our lids so we
can do some canning we're gonna do our
apple sauce Cody what are you doing
watching the dragon the only thing Cody
cares about right now is the dragon all
of these masks count all the costumes
that's the only thing Cody cares about
you want to go down this aisle for a
second I think you're going to go is
Cody Clark kollene for Halloween that's
who I'm going to be Cody Clark kollene
so we are going to be doing a few things
today with the jars we are going to be
doing our grapes and we're going to also
be doing the apple sauce not in that
order I don't think I thought you were
going to get the ELSA on jammies for
Captain America
take it out no I mean I don't agree MIT
no not gonna you're gonna be you for
Halloween
one of the first items on my list was
sticky notes because this little chunk
of paper is all I had to write my entire
shopping list on and I had to write
small I have pretty rough handwriting as
it is and I could barely read it so I'm
having to like rego through it and think
what was it trying to say if you can
lick your elbow
I'll buy you a doughnut try licking your
elbow get it get it get it lick your up
oh my gosh that's supposed to be a trick
thing like I don't think you're supposed
to be able to lick your elbow so it's
hoping that would be like my out that
was pretty dang close we may have to
take try again that oh that's a good way
to thank you good crime any flexible try
it again
let me show us show me licking your
elbow
almost almost pretty close
no doughnut though no doughnut you
already had
yummy breakfast let's go you put an
apple right here and push it down comes
down here and this is just a part and
then it comes out here mm-hmm
give it a pull they won't I'll grab oh
hey here climb down and let's move your
ladder hmm
can you reach that one yeah that thank
you juggle can you reach it reach reach
reach reach reach reach reach
no okay hop down and we'll get you some
we'll get you in a better spot comes my
little apple picker you get it whoo okay
get the one right there you go can you
get that one sure you can get it bud oh
yeah
you okay did it knock the wind out of ya
yeah hey see I'm gonna try again why do
you look scared okay dad's gonna hurry
up and grab some of these apples so we
can get processing okay okay
which one how come that one so little
it's for you
no look Boston's gonna get it climb up
there Boston I got this I got the ladder
go step up go up one more step go up one
more step I got you this is very
nerve-racking whoo baby
okay can you get it pull hard good job
that's gonna be the best-tasting Apple
we got yeah yeah I haven't got this
Apple here we go hang one time you got
that Apple okay look at these beautiful
apples I had to climb to the top of this
entire tree just to get these guys and
reach and like pull the branch and
everything but I'm enjoying this this is
wonderful to be up in the tree stand
down to the kids Cody and Boston have
been picking up the apples that have
fallen on the floor and a lesson for
everybody class gleaning is when you
pick up the apples or fruit that has
fallen on the ground you glean it for
the good stuff and I love it this is a
lot of fun to spend time with the kids
and I just I can't help but feel so good
out here you know I just feel like
singing a song in the leafy treetops the
birds sing good morning how do you do
today
how do you do they say in the leafy
treetops the birds sing good morning I'm
gonna fall off my ladder and break my on
but it will be worth it because you guys
will have a cool video can't even see
them but they're yanking that dang
four-wheeler over again look at those
guys out there on the edge you can't
even see them but they're beautiful I
got to get those apples this is an
off-year but this is the produce so far
and I'm not even done picking the tree
completely but this is it and the only
thing that stinks about this tree is it
is not Boston proof there's no way to
keep Boston out of the tree and eating
my apples when Joan I first moved into
this house
all the trees were just what's even the
word just full of bugs like you could
not eat the apples overgrown I don't
know I don't think that they had been
around in like years like 10 years and
like you couldn't get through because
they were just covered like all the
buggies we're just all through the fruit
anyway Joel and I we started and we
started spraying the trees for bags and
we started putting a dwarma for you on
him in the screen we hit returned our
yard around right well my favorite part
was a guy was like I think you should
just get rid of this apple tree hmm
Boing he's like yeah now that apple tree
is a staple and I am very bad you didn't
get rid of it
so much shade out there well and it's
pretty and it produces good apples so
but we it's taken how many years we
lived here seven years it's taken a good
seven years to get our yard in like good
shape and then we destroyed it again
this summer and it's already back in the
very good shape
put the lemon sauce in last because last
year Oh jealous 11 lemon flavoring and
one of these years we're gonna get smart
right now one yeah one of these years
we're gonna get smart and we're gonna
write down what we put in here because
tasting and your count some years it's
different with the flavor of your apples
yeah oh yeah so we just do butter nutmeg
cinnamon and a lemon juice lots of
butter no sugar lock the cinnamon no
sugar it does call for sugar but we we
like it without it lying a sweetness in
it on yeah I doesn't need it it gives
you often winter especially the babies
well even Olivia like the kids will love
it
it tastes a lot like like apple pie yeah
did I catch you doing something you are
supposed to what were you doing you were
trying to taste the applesauce well
that's kind of yucky
we can't model that one now has germ
ease in it guess you'll have to eat the
whole thing
happy elbow and then in trouble you and
Olivia and Cody and blinken can eat this
one today we won't we won't process that
one well yes you like when I say back
yeah why do you like that I so how why
do you like when I say that kinda thing
it's so funny I'm a sweating fool but
I'm gonna do the Roger
Austin loves to my face Oh what oh good
thank you for feeding him some
applesauce Wow mm-hmm applesauce you say
it say oh I love that way
I need three more Gartley okay whoa we
are making lava it was what it was we
were making candy but it was red so it
was lava but you know how Baba
Raa explodes and right after hits the UM
water a moon it doesn't even wait twelve
minutes it just waits like it just had a
boom it's just dry and we made candy and
it was red and so he loved it because
what we put it in the water
and guess what kaboom it was just dry
and that's hot and guess what
me and Lucy were singing really good so
we got a piece of candy and guess what
about candy and it was dry it was just a
little bit quick I guess what it tastes
like it tastes like it was actually
cinnamon so it was a bit of a bear it
was acid it wasn't made by cinnamon
he just made cinnamon our cereal tastes
like a gummy bear
I just want boom did you get it made it
Oh yep because she's playing in the
garbage yeah that's naughty boy what
pony came home and bawled his eyes out
he saw the little tourney thing out
there the tool that we were using and he
was so sad weren't check because you
wanted to watch oh I'm so sorry
I knew the kids were going to want to do
it but if we were to wait till they got
home it just takes too long it took us
all morning so I've got the kids helping
me clean up because I have such a mess I
had a headache from all the dishes
just make dinner so it's like more
dishes I'm just sick of all the dishes
we've got 4x we need to clean up books
that need put away lots of just random
stuff it's been a very busy day for
dinner I made and the kids are just
having some vegetables salad
I made a pear salad with some asiago
cheese and Joel is cooking a steak right
now that will cut up and share with the
kids and this is the dressing that came
with it or not came with it that I made
it's like a balsamic honey oil I don't
know I I've had the recipe for a long
time it's very similar to the one Ellie
makes hey here is our apple sauce that
we did today we did it in the big jars
we used to do in small jars but the kids
go through it too fast we did it in big
jars today so that's our finished
product for the day I feel accomplished
that's like a full day's worth of work
and now it's dinner time and I all I can
think about is bedtime that's all I got
bedtime let me give the kids puts with
them in my kitchen clean eyes really
like my kitchen I just sat down to close
the block and I don't have a closing
clip I know that I recorded a closing
clip I just don't think I actually hit
the record button then I wasn't too
terribly um entertaining so I don't
think you missed out on much we did the
usual kids did homework dishes piano
practice and now they're all in bed
Joe's over at the church doing some work
over there and I am going to finish up
this log so you guys thank you so much
for watching I'll see you guys my next
video bye guys
