this is what are you doing and I used to
do this baby oh yeah what was he doing
just like that just just sitting on it
oh I was waiting for like backflips and
legs Oh like see how he's like opened it
up and sat in he did he thinks it's a
four-wheeler we came to check on Boston
last night after they all fell asleep
while we tricked on all the kids and
that gave Tonka truck was in Boston's
bed with him next to hockey oh boy
your magazine anyway well let me help ya
let there you go don't hit my walls
please there we go you ready for your
walls to get crunched right that's why
we have them sit away hey ray daddy
yes conference today is conference a
couple days of conference is he stuck
again this is not what I'm excited to
clean up let me see that
hmm I think this looks like Kobe Cody oh
you wrote
Kobe that's a B I I made know Ellen down
I want to do uppercase oh you didn't
mean to go in right there you just
wanted it one straight one yeah but I
see well then I definitely feel like
that's a Cody yeah guess we belong yeah
Boston you're teasing and you know it
what oh I know why don't you draw well
let me see the hair so so why don't you
explain that hair to me okay I'll just
draw better me don't we all just want to
draw a better a better me okay show me
how your hair is that's what I'm most
intrigued to see how you're gonna do I
don't like to do it like just oh no it's
not hokey Boston you better stop teasing
nickel but Graham you have eat half a
brain mental so I can't color
what's the hokey you want to draw a Hulk
with a green pencil yeah hey man I
missed it I was sitting here waiting for
the hair and I missed the hair well ah I
believe are you half green pencil and
paper flat and rocking no no no no no no
no my no come on yell yes yes Boston I
will definitely find you a green pencil
so you can draw hokey oh you know no I
shouldn't even be playing over here oh I
know what did she say what do you think
she said hey what do you think she said
oh my sweet babboo yeah I finally
realized why the kids always say my
sweet babboo it's from Charlie Brown the
kids got home and we they had pears for
a snack
we have and Cody is still hungry so
we're going to go up and find something
I'm so hungry - you're still hungry - I
can bring me down do we eat food out of
the kitchen
nope so we'll go upstairs and get a
snack how about that yeah my sweet
babboo
let's get a piece beef jerky I don't
know if I have did you just push me I
can push so much harder than you mom she
said what girls what what's the curls is
that what she said hey yep
watch the hair right Olivia okay Charlie
come here I want you to tell everyone
what happened after school
what first should we show them our huge
pile of laundry Oh okay tell me what
happened up for school but you can't
look at the TV Africa oh you didn't
what are your elbow oh let's see
no no hold on we have to really focus in
because this alley is so small what is
new it code well you got to tell me what
happened I feel high my sleeves were
like this house Needleman gonna scrape
it from there to here oh my goodness I'm
so glad you want it well if it needs it
all do it needs it you're so tough
you're so tough you don't even need any
cream should we go up and find your son
I'll see ya okay sounds good bye bye
 goodbye one live a nice baguette
okay what is that just to wear thin I
know Cody don't you ever say that word
again or you're gonna get it
my where did you even hear that I need
your eyes media you just made it up you
weird yeah best mom in the world
you
that make you nervous oh geez stop
she's tappable me faking I'm happy ah ok
then hop down if it scares you you got
to hop down does it scare you or are you
ready to help me cook okay that's what I
thought
we have a little bit of leftover we call
it goulash on what everybody else calls
it its soupy stuff anyway not enough for
everyone to have left over so Olivia's
going to add a can of coin don't touch
that don't touch that pie that can cut
yeah so pour that in and we're gonna mix
it in we could have done black beans but
that corn would do good thank you very
much
so what do you guys do when your kids
hate your dinner when they're just so
whining complaining I'll tell you one
thing this has been Cody's life since he
was a baby I remember sitting and making
him swallow the cauliflower in his mouth
when he was like two he was at one and a
half he was so over not even just picky
hey just remember ease it and got what's
called again I have no idea Joe here oh
sure yeah he's a dead man
when Lincoln sat in the same no when
Toby oh yeah remember and Connie you fat
in that scene oh I don't know getting
visions or talking about no you actually
did my whole purpose is that you have
been kind of a funny eater your whole
life but not one thing has changed since
day one the kids know if they don't like
what's for dinner they go to bed hungry
is that right yeah so you might pop the
whole time you eat it but your tummy
will get full this is such a nice sight
it feels so good to sit down and have
dinner as a family jewel you seem so far
away
oh don't know dinner is cooling up
that's because I put plenty of cheese on
it
hey and if I remember correctly you
mister have like two full bowls of this
earlier in the week and you loved it I
think he's just kind of sick of it yeah
this is the last of it this is the last
of it
in or in our old vlogs Joel we were seem
so close like we saw so much closer
together this is so weird yes you need
let me zoom in so you can talk
Lincoln woke up just in time for dinner
to eat with us he heard a later nap
today didn't she are you ready to eat
some dinner
oh yes that bad there we go we're having
an early dinner tonight because olivia
has piano lessons tonight and so we
wanted to make sure that we ate together
and trying to grab his little chair
bubble you all up on the table yeah you
can put it over by me and I'll feed them
let's see if you are old enough to know
that you ought to take the binky out
before you can have some food yeah just
a little welcome in just a little while
ago it would be to have that down a
couple months ago he wasn't sure he he'd
want his bottle but then he'd also want
his binky me just didn't know what 20
wanted more Eli that I grabbed my be my
own body there's water under his eyes
his nose and his mouth salivating
sneezing and crying that was just the
pit that's a baby
that's the man
oh yeah okay your turn go get your teeth
brushed
go get your teeth brushed it is time for
me to take Olivia to piano lessons so I
am sitting in my new chair while I wait
and they take my feet up in them too
because well that nice and cozy and
comfy and there are no inappropriate
those on my legs today so on that happy
note thank you guys so much for watching
today give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it I will see you guys in our
next video bye guys
