it's as if nature knows what we're doing
today the entire yard is like shadowed
right now
but all of our pears are in the glorious
sunlight and they've had almost a week
to kind of ripen up go a little more
yellow get soft
good morning everybody it is a beautiful
fall day it's a little crisp out in the
air the sky is perfectly clear and on my
run this morning the stars were so
brilliant it was unreal like you could
see Orion which is what I always look
for this time of year because it's only
visible this time of year at least from
here and you could see like his sword
you could see the all the points on his
body for Orion for the constellation it
was pretty cool see the Big Dipper
really well a little different it was
really really fun now we are getting
some chores done we are going to process
pears but the one thing you got to do
with an apple tree is these are not
ready to go yet you got to wait till it
gets really really cold you need a solid
solid freeze and then those things will
be just sweet and sugary but in the
meantime it does drop some so these boys
chore is to come outside and get them
all picked up for me so they're not
gross and disgusting on my lawn and they
do a good job they just fill up their
little bitty buckets show me a little
bucket code hold it up good job
Boston show me a little bucket show me
your little bucket there you go that's a
little bucket right there good job and
then they fill up the big bucket and
that's my job is to empty em and just
keep them moving good morning you guys
Wow
hard to say good morning lady yeah but I
have a second okay good morning you guys
we are taking a little break from
setting up for ourself it's taking a lot
longer to get set up for doing our pairs
this morning did you tell no we're doing
pairs mm-hmm um it's taking longer to
get set up it always does
anyway but by the time we actually get
going it will go fast anyway
I have to address a comment
another one you're thinking he's
thinking the one someone was commenting
on my big bet that's okay I do have a
big back you got a lumpy but you um
Netflix and chill do you know what that
means
hmm I don't know if I just have a few
pervy people that were gonna do that
apparently Netflix and chill isn't just
like watching Netflix and hanging out
it's like adults watching Netflix and
then chilling you know no man but he was
saying that in that they were like um
poor body she doesn't know what Netflix
and chill really means
I like Netflix and chill is just
watching Netflix and chilling watching a
show because I said that mean the kids
were gonna enough listen your embryo you
ate your social conscience more sandwich
yeah you good okay perfect I I would
have never guessed that no and maybe it
has two meanings maybe it really doesn't
mean you just hang out and maybe the
other one is for like college students
or something in this house put your
chill means hunker down in the basement
and binge watch a show yeah that's what
it means to us okay I seriously want a
hoodie that says like never know from
now I don't know I
wellmaybe got a hoodie that said that
you just could never walk on campus
whether we're like we're at while I
watch Netflix with my kids creepy
Oh
Bonnie and Lincoln and Boston are all
down for naps and me and the kids are
gonna get homework done code but I
wanted to show the kids this Olivia do
you wanna shift let me show you
something cool what daddy got you also
we like to use this one uses no okay do
you want to try it
why should she so she doesn't yeah so
does it okay
my teacher said yeah what's that spin
around
it's a pencil sharpener all right pull
it out let's take a look get in there
well that's a pretty sharp pencil Wow
okay God your turn let's go I still only
use my Samantha okay you can use your
smile I'm gonna put it okay come on put
over there oh by the way there you go
yeah how does the pencil forget feel see
that those are all knives and they cut
against it keep going now that cut
against it
Kenya yeah keep going code I'll take you
oh you got a little ways to go okay put
it in I'm gonna help you real quick so
we can do it fast
let's see you pencil that's perfect this
is sharper that's a perfect sharp pencil
okay
no quit dilly-dallying and get back to
homework wait you said we just got done
having dinner and this is the first time
that I'm wiping my table the body you've
had your table for several days uh-huh
like I said this is the first time I did
well at least I crack myself up right
umm so many of you guys asked me where I
got this table and there were a few
comments like oh I'm looking for a
custom-built table that's cheap well it
wasn't cheap so well nervous to show you
the website but these the the type of
table that this is it will last you a
lifetime
and then some so I was willing to spend
a lot on my table especially where I
just redid the kitchen I wanted
something nice in it so I will
definitely make sure to leave the
website where I got this room in the
description below I literally had no
idea was touch screen yes I did not know
something about our camera and I just
learned it I feel so bad because of such
a learning curve and I just don't know
these people
the bunny said oh you know the table
wasn't definitely cheap but it was still
cheaper than anything in a store that
was gonna fit that area and it actually
fits it the way we want it to and I
think we mentioned that before yeah I
I'm pretty proud of Bonnie for finding
that because that took a lot of work uh
it's funny because Joel he worked so
hard at remodeling our house and
sometimes he would find me on my
computer be like what are you doing like
what like and I'm like you don't think
I'm working but I'm working to like
finding the stuff that we needed to put
in our house some of you guys noticed
the chairs that we got the other day and
the seagull yes you did mess with the UM
settings because now I can't touch on
what I want to focus I had to change
back to being able to do that see how
focus there it's okay um these are the
chairs that we got I did change the
position Joel suggested that I put the
positioning right here that's a little
different that's a little bit different
anyway I kind of like this because when
you walk in it doesn't block your view
right here like you walk in and it's
just a little more open I don't know
tell me what way you guys like better um
good thing I don't have any funny
shadows on my chairs this time you guys
it's so funny the things you catch I was
like wait what shadow are they talking
about I looked I was seriously just like
Bobby if you guys go back and check
yesterday's video around like 11 just
was it 11 25 or something immature I'm
just kidding I laugh I I was nervous
what I thought was that it was going to
be my shadow in front of the chair and I
had like a pregnant belly looking in it
or something I would have been like hmm
cuz that's kind of true I was watching
my shadow the other day anyway that is
beside the point
thank you guys so much for watching we
are gonna end our vlog here kids are all
having a pair as a what dessert I
actually have actually been the person
oh you did good job I like you guys can
you guys say good night yeah but you
call this pair of pairs you probably
something wrong oh okay good night you
guys thank you so much for watching
excuse me mister we are in the middle of
a piano lesson how rude rude
he's like checking if he's different
tell him to count that well get out of
here we'll get out get out of here is it
uh-huh
go find some toys yeah
