what are we doing bond we're getting
ready to go on a four-wheel and trip me
I told them I said this is your blog is
your everything I said you retarded you
do it he points the camera at me and
wants me to open his vlog
No yeah oh yeah see that's perfect
actually I pointed it at her because
this I feel like I'm hunting again I
feel this is how I know here is that a
hunters outfit yes I will hunt you all
day No when I used to go hunting as a
boy we would always be up at the crack
of dawn getting all our stuff together
and grandma would be at the stove making
homemade chicken noodle soup so seeing
it as though making some lunch making
some dinner some soup for you guys not
for me
I made your your meals in here well
perfect this is your in Jared's
tinfoil dinners sweet lots of butter in
there yes you put butter tonight buddy
in there good okay your stuff is here
where does it where did that old man go
before we go I have to do like one I
guess this isn't your nah girl at all
the old man done running
he knows everybody yeah honey I heard
old man show well I am I have something
for Dad before we go four-wheeling and
not everybody else's arrived you got you
got a hurry oh and show us what it is
cool it's a shirt
it's a shirt but it says hilarious
where's that Rylan that's the good stuff
you know I don't know if you guys can
see hilarious I'm trying I'm trying to
make sure that we are just decked out
but I want to show something really cool
this is big to me though is if you
notice both there's a trailer across the
street too
that's dad's machine and then all three
of those machines there's one thing in
common they are all Polaris machines we
are Polaris family and the family that
Polaris's together stays together that's
just the way it is
we adrenaline together that's right
that's right
I came to grab the cooler to start
loaded up with food and everything I was
like oh it's heavy dad must have put
some treats or something in it and I
open it and there's it there's a small
child in here you want to go so bad
don't you huh yeah I'll take you next
time I promise saddest little thing to
leave him behind I don't know if the
camera is picking this up but that
yellow Aspen is like neon orange at the
top and pink it the cameras just not
doing it justice but it is beautiful
what do you think of our trail so far
Jarrod it's a little it's a little
sketchy but I'm excited this is awesome
excited we're we've almost fallen off
the road three times yep just a few
times and we're almost there
yeah the roads are very greasy in the in
the vehicles and pulling the trailer and
stuff but I don't care we're getting to
our destination we're going to get the
four-wheelers out I'm driving this is
great
hey baby
we are muddy covered in dirt filthy but
you could smell the mud burning on the
machines but it is so fun this is a
blast
you haven't burned again
we made it back from our four-wheelin
trip
everybody's machines are covered in dirt
for some reason dad's doesn't look that
dirty but I was going slow me and Jared
got really dirty look at Jared's face I
mean I was just gonna say the same thing
to you my look I got we got we got we
got muddy we we play that's what we want
I've avoided the mud puddles of clothes
there's no shower up yeah yeah there's a
bit this this is a dry campsite no
shower bring in your own water but
totally worth it we've got our dinners
cook him enroll in check out our little
flame look list we were gonna do them
inside but we got a shower pit out here
the storm kind of finally like led up
you can kind of see a little bit of sky
got some blue skies Oh
so we'll just stand around here shoot
the ball and and have some dinner
oh oh oh they're gonna be like gloves
I know check these out bo came prepared
he brought his welding gloves in case we
need to reweld this cast iron I don't
look like they're getting done very much
these ones are mine and Jared's and
these ins our bows and dads and guess
who made those and dad yeah yeah I'm no
fool no no mom mom offered mom offered
it I was like nah no me and Jared will
get ours I feel like an idiot now
they've got like a five-pound meal in
their play hold on they offered I know
it I know it I was already on the store
let me make it look at yes yes I do
free dinner this is what we're waking up
to four or five inches of snow you can
see how much is on that railing
it's just surrounding us we slept really
peaceful really warm in the cabin I'm so
glad we reserved the cabin we originally
were going to be a tensor in the back of
the vehicles we've been frozen
absolutely frozen but we stayed nice and
warm in our little cabin plenty of coal
and wood coming out and and now we're
just hanging out in a winter wonderland
we just made some breakfast
we're going to enjoy yourself some relax
and hang
out and then then scarcely get out of
here somehow everybody sleep good oh
yeah slept mornings considering yeah Jer
Jared I do have to show Jared's I feel
bad for him his air mattress is uh this
is how I slept that's wood underneath
there that's a nice sound this is my air
mattress there's no air in here at all
all night you had something to learn
last night now Josh I don't know what it
was but you had something to learn uh I
pumped it up in the middle of the night
and it's still one flat back
now breakfast is cooking all right oven
is roaring we got the tea kettle up
there to make some hot chocolate and or
brush your teeth with whichever one you
want and breakfast we got breakfast
burritos go on it's gonna be a good
morning hey Jed we did bring cups that's
everybody's tea kettle you know oh we
don't use cups where I'm from the
mountains well a camping trip is not
over yet but we're at least leaving the
cabin for the night we are going to
leave two machines off and have them
trail behind it's going to be fun for
them in any way but it'll take some load
off of my trailer so that I'm not so
heavy because when we're pulling in
yesterday I felt it being pretty squishy
a little bit slightly so this will help
but the snow honestly is actually going
to help it's cool it's it's fresh we
should be okay we are packing up the
rigs we're all done and I gotta tell
these guys I got to tell my
brother-in-law thank you and my father I
thank you for appeasing me and going on
this trip I've been begging everybody to
do one of these they had no idea what we
were getting into at all we have like
dreams of like unicorns and rainbows of
like I don't know nice sunshine weather
packing in easygoing now now it's never
a trip unless you got some turmoil but
it's fun so we're ready to roll out
we're ready to go
okay
okay check out this winter wonderland
we're driving through right now like the
trees have snow on them there's canopy
over the trail a little bit of snow on
it this this is the good life right here
is the last approach
and that's a nice truck
where mine own in that truck you know
that's cool
this is so cool is the best thing ever
this gets you down the trail for the
remainder of the trip I feel like I need
to listen to a certain channel on XM
radio if it's even functioning right now
but I feel like it's appropriate for the
trip alright I guess I'm too soon I
tried finding the Christmas station and
it's too soon I guess the 1st of October
is a little early for Christmas but
given the circumstances of my view right
now I feel like it's necessary we did
have to wake up at like 4:00 in the
morning and because we thought we'd have
enough heat throughout the night we
thought we'd stay warm now four in the
morning woke up we're just like this is
a potty break and then put some fuel in
the oven or in the stove and then we all
took another like two and a half three
hour nap it was nice but look we got we
made it down all machines are safe and
sound and that's pretty cool of you
seeing all of them right there a day
late everybody else's shirt showed up
means I get first pick
well you get first pick the gray one is
like this one or the blue one
Huggle blue okay awesome thanks Joe you
bet you done working oh that's hey
that's more that's more dirt on you
today than you had on you yesterday
yeah are you having more fun they give
you a few more months of clean cleaner
is better me and Jared were convinced
that the muddier we got the more fun
we'd have which I'm pretty sure is true
but now dad's just covered in mud I'm
not having get to it Jared
oh it was fun and we definitely are
going to do it again did you like a
little fire in there
oh yeah anyone to keep you on that's the
only thing that got this word
I mean we try to be like body ships we
call your dad wasn't okay with the nude
body yeah we got naked ran around it
wasn't working you know fire inside yes
I mean didn't just feel like we're
stepping back do I think Joe is a well I
need it well no they do that fun oh it's
perfect they they can't get into any
trouble up there they just have fun
Jack's are they get older we are these
four
the gravel style do I want to know how
to talk about can't be yes what's talked
about Clara scam stays and I'll tell you
too much you know what you know how to
do I came it to your girls day just you
talk about everything you talk about
Seinfeld sessions Family Guy have
another pigment as long as we do just
clips we can think of everybody is just
leaving and I told Joel he was in charge
of this vlog but I I want to anger for
you is okay everybody just left and my
heart feels so full like I just I love
the men in my life my brother I couldn't
love anyone more than I love my brother
beau
I love Joel I love my brother in law's
um Kevin wasn't here and he was missed
you guys Landon I win you anise yeah I
mean I miss Kevin and I miss everybody
but I felt guilty almost landed
nobody kids I know but it was just nice
they all came home say Bob it was nice
that everyone came home safe and you had
a good time and the next time they go
you're gonna take the little boys with
you little boys in possibly a little bit
yeah well Kate wants to go okay it's
gonna go at Olivia we missed you we
invest you here the house yeah we did
the Elly and I had a lot of fun you guys
thanks so much for watching I think that
there's going to be plenty of footage
from the other vlogs and I'll make sure
to have them listed thank you guys so
much for watching and being a part of
our family with us we love you guys too
and we'll see in our next video bye guys
