good morning you guys this morning I got
up with the kids and we watched a movie
downstairs we watched the Jungle Book I
loved it I loved it the new jungle book
is so awesome and then we had breakfast
and we got ready and now I'm here in
Boston or watching some more TV it's
just kind of one of those days I was up
really late last night at my paint thing
which could be why painting um we were
up really late last night and the kids
slept in it rained and thunder and
lightning all night when I was driving
through the canyon it was so um foggy it
was crazy I am NOT an artiste but look
at this
oh my word I drew this and I signed it
love mama cuz I'm gonna give this to
Olivia I am giving this to Olivia
because she was so sad that I was
leaving and going without her she said
but you know I want to be an artist mom
oh that was so fun we had garlic fries
when we were doing that and I came home
and jaw was like ah like no please turn
your head turn your head away from me
why are you looking at me with those
judgmental eyes I don't have any
judgement just
just concern putting my Sam Smith CD
away that you hate and judging my last
night when I drove home
there was like where's my garage door
opener okay put it away
where is away so I have room for my
treats you just threw it in the nothing
I threw it in there so that it was out
of my way so I could have room for my
treat hey justifications are slippery
slope on for once the younger sister is
right you go swallow my photo alumnus
and yo pride you better swallow your
pride with that food lady I am so in the
wrong right now much in Jared and
Ellie's vlog yesterday they kept saying
chai what Jia Jia Jia Jia seeds and I
was done I was like oh really
we're going to get ripped to shreds in
the comments it's called Chinese and so
later like after they said like 50 times
I was like um you guys it's some chai
see it's not Jia see like I call some
girls for that one one thing is for sure
is if you say something wrong the
internet malechy
and I was wrong everyone's tweeting
Jared they're like you're totally right
bonnie is totally wrong and we just
laugh about funny about while you to say
something I'm not not you better guy
anyway
people love that
yeah what are you saying time watched it
on the blog half the time you think
you're gonna like something in there
tape oh that was a mistake for well you
know I can't all right oh my gosh people
here tear me apart and they're like it's
not even a big deal it's kind of
interesting unpredictable can you give
Lincoln one of your snacks that Ellie
packed for you give one to Lincoln give
one to Lincoln I've got the kids right
here aunt Ellie is doing her business
over there she's picking out some carpet
we went to Elian John's house for lunch
and we were there we found out the
Jared's parents house flooded Joel has
dealt with more flooded basements in his
life than he knows what to do it so he
was like let's go let's go so we
finished up lunch Ellie and I are
running her errands because my day is
free and open and so we came with her
which I love John and Jared over at his
parents house and they're taking care of
the flooding I feel so bad how many of
you guys have had flooded basements this
year so empty so many can you give them
another cheat
the inventions that were made describe
it like where I'm just looking to
started reuse really yeah pretty cool
that's so cool you guys are looking
through Ellie's sunroof of her very
smart van and these are the clouds that
are staring down at us they look angry
no way this is our new table mama stay
cool hey that's awesome this is a wicked
good day I don't take the gray shirt on
flight
Boston fell asleep back there oh I can't
believe you're sleeping here that he was
worried that he was gonna get wet here's
a sunroof looks awesome
Matt before yeah it's so cool D you and
done look at all these little kids you
guys are you here at Grandma meat gums
have you just been hanging out playing
it's so fun to like see them here in
your place yeah I know the boys are
outside working bunker and we're just in
here hunkering down it's nice to be here
it's not too deep it's not too you I
don't know Wow wrapping it up here
unless somebody's gonna push Jared in
even right now
oh that's really great okay your shoes
are just wet right now your feet are
just stinkier gotta smell even worse
okay good good okay come on
all right I cannot believe we have a
kitchen table Joel Joel sent me pictures
from Jared's phone when the table got
here I'm so happy
hello sorry dad sixteen you guys alright
are you are you not excited I'm so
excited I don't want to touch it
it's beautiful room it is so so nice
I had this custom built for this little
area because I knew this is a really
small area would when you say the word
custom-built in my mind or in anybody
else's mind because the bill needs to
change changing interestingly enough
custom built half the cost of any
store-bought we went to Fisher's and
they had custom tables but they only had
like exact sizes that they already had
they were not custom and it was almost
double the cost of this I got this from
an Amish website and it's like nothing
sketchy about it it was like this is so
well made and I remember my mom telling
me that the Amish made really good wood
work and so I looked him up and I called
him and we emailed back and forth told
him the measurement that I had I'm like
I need a table that's going to fit in
here because I didn't want it to take up
a lot of room and anyway so there's a
bench in there and I told him my
requirement I said I need a bench but I
want to push the table up against the
wall and so if people come over we can
pull it out this bench seats all four
babies butts we could probably put four
adults if we needed to
but I'm so so happy with these and these
chairs are they
they make these chairs all they do have
the spot for your butt to sit I haven't
even sat in it yet
oh that is nice but they made them a
little bit smaller because this is a
very small walkway and I didn't want to
we need to get film on the bottom of
this and tomorrow tomorrow my chairs get
here the kids are in bed because we've
had a long day did you have we even told
them Joel yeah we did Joel was over at
Jared's parents like they ripped out
carpet pad lifted up the carpet got the
air there for parents they their basic
flood a downspout broke off oh she's old
water had nowhere no shoot so did you
fix the downspouts announced well we had
to put some dirt back in it was the
lightning was going all around me and
Jeremy tired time we were like shoveling
dirt but I'm just like you gotta do what
to go zoom that's what this house twice
telly and I said in the car we felt very
grateful that Ellie and I could go do
our thing and that Joel and Jared could
take care of the things the home that
needed to get taken care of like that
was just a really fun experience today I
loved being in the car with Ellie she
has some really awesome footage on her
channel um but I was helping regard
uh-huh okay those are weird laughs it's
time for bed you know I'm excited for
the weather is like crisp cold raining
outside we're gonna open the windows
we're gonna get in our covers so we're
gonna cuddle and we're gonna watch the
new shows they're all just sleep like
babies we are me and Jerry bertok err
Jared's dad were talking about that
Griff Amica we were like how do we sleep
through the second storm last night cuz
there's two storms one was really bad we
were all four and ii was just as bad the
weather was perfect rain storm okay kids
are sorry i'm not meaning to cut you off
kids are yelling at each other and mama
bears coming out it is like go time in
the parenting department because it's
bedtime it's past that turn we love you
guys I'm light I'm light we love you
guys thank you for supporting us thank
you for watching our videos and we'll
see you
on Monday
