good morning everybody this morning the
kids and I are going to be all getting
ready kind of early get cracking on
going ah watch grandpa are we all right
grandpa howleen no your dad my dad's but
Boston he's a little too cool for school
today so he's coming with me we're gonna
go do some chores help kind of finish
doing stuff for Grandma Kerrigan's house
there's just a few things
family members are kind of divvied out
and we're gonna go pick them up for dad
can I bring this you want to bring hulk
yeah okay but there's a chance you'll
lose him like you lose everything
what's the matter with your head there's
a rock in your head how did you get a
rock in your head someone threw a rock
and it hit your head and now it's in
your head yeah yeah tell me how it
happened Oh dad a Hulk did hmm
surprise you like Hulk so much peace
mean to you like that love-hate
relationship I need to tell you hmm
you guys look like twins what do you
need to tell me the rock didn't go and
is hit it just bumped in and got a
headache how do you know about this rock
were you the one who threw it
you know who's real oh I know things I
know things
yeah I'm calling your bluff buddy you
got a bad poker face yeah oh yeah big
guy man last night huh
see look it's the same huh huh huh huh
last night I've been working I've been
playing with this red hair band and this
part pirate penguin think it up and who
tied that did you tie that or - daddy
tie that I did I was playing within I
tied it around my hands but it was like
tangled Rodney yeah yes but and then I
mean I was trying to get up like that
and that let it cook yeah so ah ah ah
they're looking at both sides and was in
or not and and I was cleaning on I
wanted a bullet to go wow I made how
many black teeth last night you couldn't
find any so you couldn't find a ball so
you made that with electrical tape yeah
okay and this is how you shoot it so you
close like that then let go what's that
is um pretty sweet put in your treasure
box I put it easy
another here and and a feather that goes
on these is coffee so I can hang Cody
that is pretty sweet oh yeah sorry
that is so cool and so he kind of
protects your stuff so no one takes it
wow he means business
let me see this Wow yeah he really means
business doesn't he yep
you've been teasing you have been
walking he's been taking those steps
oh no new get just have my camera you
can have it if you walk to it look you
all know not right now not right now
here you go
come here that's only exciting me not
you he's awful and Judas fish up oh he's
a sad baby look at him he is loved being
watching baby Porter he was like
laughing look at him he's enthralled a
lot of you guys will tell me when your
kids like sit and watch like what they
like to watch of my vlogs and I love it
because I experienced the same things
hey pop now I want still that way yeah
no no
Oh
I've been standing here at the door
watching Kody play because I don't want
him to see me because I don't want him
to stop doing what he's doing but you
can see um this ramp out here it broke
and so he decided to fix it and so you
can see he has his tool bag outside I
think he's running to get it yep he's
got his tool bag outside and he fixed it
with duct tape and scissors and now he's
gonna climb a tree he did have his
scissors out there and he was a cutting
the grass and cutting extra things off
the tree thing you know things that he's
seen dad do he came in he told me that
he was real tired from working and he
needed a snack and you said you can just
put it in my tool bag he came in and he
asked me he said mom I need my
pocketknife and I said nope I'm not
gonna let you have your pocketknife
without dad watching you and he said ok
and then later he came in and he said
mom I need some matches and I said um no
you don't need matches are you getting
your work done yeah
cutting all those leaves off the tree so
nature doesn't have to well so it can
become Halloween Oh being had all the
leaves off the trees right mom hmm it's
pretty good logic are you being safe up
there
oh did you fall out of Grandma me comes
tree dharna gotta Grandma's we got this
swing set tied down I'm a little nervous
bird to make the ride I think we might
have broken its back maybe I don't know
like an old mule but I'm talking about
the swing set not my dad but we're ready
to get on the road and this is I think
it's one of the last things we're going
to take away from Grandma Kerrigan's
house with her passing and everything
and I'm glad that my brother gets this
is kind of fun so now I got to take it
to his house and put it back together
what are you doing in here you in the
hole causing trouble hmm
oh okay let's get in your car see bud
hop up in I want to eat his face off yes
so cute single boy I love you thank you
guys look he's in the wet wipes he's so
happy you know I'm sure that was loud
sorry I just laughed in someone's you're
very loud and I am sorry sorry sorry
your hips and we're gonna show your
sweet shoes Boston maybe were those know
Boston definitely warm I think even Cody
wore those shoes I'm not really sure but
this is one of my favorite outfits for
Lincoln I just want you to show them
that you can walk yeah miss your hands
come here we'll come here well come on
come on come DC there we go when you
turn you little stink
that's Cody's tool bag you can't have
that come stand Oh No Ganga oh hey hi
yes sir do you want to walk to mama
joint your binky look come here you want
your binky you got stand-up ah the kids
are home from school and they're they
like to watch what does this Goldie and
bear is that what it's called the girl
is really pretty
yep go Goldie and bear and luckily they
changed it from uncle grandpa I want to
know what your guys's after school go to
shows are seriously uncle grandpa which
I cannot stand and I do like Goldie in
the bath that's a really cute one yeah
kids are kind of zoning out which I'm
totally gonna let them they played hard
they worked hard and I'm just were just
gonna do a little bit TV time Lincoln's
down for an afternoon nap
and Joel is still not home yet so we are
going to after-school Netflix and chill
PS I watched the show what's a call it's
a called this is us I think this is us
it's a new TV series I wasn't sure what
I thought about it to the very end at
the very end I got a little luck with my
throat it was really cute anyway tonight
I have a really fun girl date with a
friend from high school Karissa you guys
have seen her in the videos we're going
to paint night immunity big night and
I'm really excited
and so I'm going to go do that tonight
so I'm going to end the vlog here so I
can quickly get it edited and up for
your viewing pleasure in the morning yes
olivia is so jealous she wants to come
too and you know what if it's fun if
it's fun I think it'll be something that
I'll invite like my mom to do maybe
Olivia can come too because I think I
think this is gonna be something really
fun to do
hey I gonna like draw something like yes
like a flowery you'll see I'll show you
when I get home away all right it's
official I'm ending the vlog here thank
you guys for watching I'll see you guys
in our next video bye bye
