Oh
you guys have a good day good morning
you guys I am so happy that Chico's is
sponsoring today's video their thoughts
line up exactly with mine they want
women to feel good no matter their age
even though our years give us gray hairs
and lines they also give us our wisdom
and strength instead of asking how old
are you they're asking how bold are you
right now I feel like I'm in a
transition stage I want to dress
youthful and cute and fun but I also
want to dress more mature and nice
chicos has a lot of staple pieces that
are gonna help me transition into that
more mature look that I want but still
feel myself and confident click the link
in the description to learn more about
growing bolder and to shop their new
collection on a side note nothing gets
your house cleaner than when your mom
tells you she's coming up to get her
hair cut so I am going to mad dash clean
my house before my mom gets here well I
just want you to tell me exactly what
you want done just I just just shake
there's no shape it's kind of and I feel
like I'm it's just weighing me down okay
I just feel like I need to be perked up
bring it back up cake lengthwise like oh
not very much yeah and then the next
time yeah I've been telling Bonnie that
I've been loosing my hair I take a bath
take a shower and it just comes out in
clumps like Lots
and then I fix it my hairbrush is just
full of it well and you can see right
here she's got all this little tiny
regrowth coming back up here she feels
like she's bald right here and so we
want to ask maybe some women that are
maybe about mom's age have you gone
through hair loss like this does it grow
back like what is your guys's experience
yeah I hope these little things are
coming back but whenever my parents come
I always do this
I put the camera away and I ignore the
camera because I just want to enjoy my
mom when she's here anyway we're sitting
here looking at Olivia how cute and
grown-up she looks hey you are changing
he is you're not a baby anymore I told
mom I said don't touch anybody we all
have cooties and germs we don't want you
sick I just want to grab a nice this is
the best babysitter in the world what's
your name
Alice and she wanted to be on our vlog
she took care of Lincoln the whole time
while we were here and what's your name
Albert did you want to say hi on our
blog okay you don't have to go home and
watch yourself an angel we met him long
time ago didn't we
okay we'll see you later guys I took the
kids over to the park and it was not
what I had expected it was a freezing
and I was feeling all youthful and fun
and the kids were spinning me on this
thing and I went flying off of it I hit
my head and I hit my head it was the
most humiliating thing of my life
but the kids thought it was hilarious so
Olivia did it the other kids did but we
are all frozen so now we're gonna go in
and find something warm to eat for
dinner okay please the heck is Coney's
RC car daddy was trying to fix it but
they didn't have the right parts go put
your boots in the garage pick them up
and go put him in the garage hey furry
boots in the garage please this is your
dinner and I want you to start here and
you can add whatever toppings you want
over to here okay
just right on top I'll show you how I'm
gonna do mine and dad's Jules not here
for dinner so I'm just gonna leave his
in the microwave and I'm gonna eat with
you kids hot damn busted
so do pineapples in mainland Grossman's
Hawaiian haystacks it's going to be one
of the things in our cookbook olives and
last but not least to these little guys
cold let's see what you've added to
yours
good that's because those are yummy they
are the best you have to wait your turn
can you scoot back go sit down and mommy
will bring you yours okay oh gee what a
makers yeah okay you got to wait your
turn then you get spoons for everyone
please I'm trying to make ours over here
mine and Joel's two little cheese we're
missing a bunch of ingredients but
that's okay hey Boston you got to pick
your own plate mine and Dad is mostly
done okay pinkies holy moley
is that another cheese you want others
no you need to add some more okay what
can you add to yours Lincoln hmm can you
put some cheese in there yeah okay put
some cheese on it
cheese is super good you had some cheese
on there Wow
no Boston you're not gonna eat a handful
of Olives cake do you have what's on
there cake but you might have one there
accomplished Co do you have yours hey
this looks Oh Cody oh my gosh that's
okay you're gonna put an olive on there
you're trying to eat them put them on
there wow that's a lot that's right okay
so he's got two so far Wow
there you go you're doing such a good
job I don't this is usually why I don't
let the kids help out too much because
it's just so much faster and more easy
for mom to do it
everyone's plates are dished up my plate
is all the way dished up so we are going
to eat our dinner oh I'll bring him over
to the rice noodles yeah just got to
make sure there's enough for dad in
there sprinkle them on your plate no you
do not need a little bit more you do not
need any more we want to thank Chico's
against for sponsoring today's video we
appreciate you thank you
when we want to thank all of you for
watching their videos and supporting us
if you enjoyed the video what should
they do subscribe and give the video bye
yeah I was waiting for a buy from you
bye bye Boston by Cody by Olivia
somebody stole my dinner it's time to
have a serious conversation about
notifications we've been getting a lot
of comments saying people have not been
getting notified when videos come up and
we want to go over notification settings
and we got an uptake on Twitter from
Team YouTube it states the notification
bell provides more options someone might
want to see all videos in their sub
speed but not get notified about every
upload from every single subscription
especially if they have a lot the bill
gives channel level options receive none
occasional or all notifications when you
click the bell default setting is you
will receive occasional notifications
let's just say you want to be subscribed
to Grandma and Grandpa Griffis you can
come over here and click the bell if you
hover over it stop getting notified
about every new video you click it you
will get occasional notifications if you
hover over the Bell now you get notified
about every new video so
click it and you can see this and you'll
get all notifications so now go check
your notification status and make sure
you're getting all notifications from
our channel
