on his back who fixed that daddy fix
that can you tell daddy thank you go
show everybody yeah sure yeah
Lucky's all fixed up we're at Ellie's
house and we are sitting down getting
ready to film our makeup routine and I
hear we're gonna sit down and do this
for the second time when Ellie and I
recorded the last one I got up at the
end to like turn the camera off I was
like I microphone is off we're like we
tried scrapping the video together and
it was just garbage so we're like all
right let's redo it and we need a
cameraman so Jared's on his way and
we're gonna record our favorite makeup
products for you guys oh well I just
left our makeup we're cleaning up
putting our stuff away oh this doesn't
go in here nevermind it goes and we will
definitely let you know when it goes out
if you guys want to make sure to follow
me on Instagram that's where I put a lot
of my stuff is on Instagram right it's
afternoon bonnie is out of town she is
actually working on the cookbook with
her mom and so while she's away the cat
will play
I actually was given like the coolest
present ever an automatic ski thrower
it's incredible and there's an adapter
to it that makes it like fossil a and go
everywhere and I kind of want to get
that I've kind of found it was some
things
this is a lot easier than permission
I've never feel Joel's truck up with gas
before and this nozzle is insane
there is no lid you just push the nozzle
in there that's so weird I've never seen
anything like that that's insane well
lucky for Bonnie they did not have the
part that I need is called a wobbler all
it wobbles the thrower didn't have it in
stock so I can't even ask for permission
because they don't even have it or
forgiveness so now I'm gonna work on
some tests my gutters in front of my
street are terrible I don't understand
how my neighbors don't look like this
but mine are like full of dirt mud and
junk that grass all needs to get cut
down those plants are a little bit not
straight but I just feel like there's
some tasks that I want to get done
outside while I can get it done outside
and once the kids get home from school
it gives them something to do because I
can it help me they're gonna work we
just got to my mom's we had to fill up
on gas because we drove down here so
that we can go over a whole bunch of the
pictures we need to go through the
thousands of pictures that we've taken
for the photo shoot and we need to go
through and pick them out our mom isn't
here yet so it's kind of waiting for her
to get here and I'm eating an apple
I told Ellie and tricks' I'm eating an
apple like money like a cafe real
burrito here's my Co overkill yeah a
little bit but I'm freezing so I'm gonna
stay nice Norman if I get a little too
hot extra calories burned all I gotta
say my gutter is still full like wet mud
that I'm just gonna have to kind of
sweep out as it dries out but I got the
neighbors done any other neighbors done
so did my good deed for the day now it's
time to tackle these bad boys all these
grasses these should have came out like
months ago
you want to cut well while I'm
accomplishing cleaner flowerbeds he is
accomplishing a Messier more filthy
driveway you get out of that dirt okay
he's not tough my dress okay mom said
don't forget to take the right laptop
home we all have the identical laptop
and it would be awful if we took the
wrong one home I do not want you seeing
my studio pictures 10 I think we all
counted and there's 10 I think I'm just
gonna admire my makeup for a second like
a picture of me I'm pretty and that's
not always the case sometimes I look and
I'm like oh my gosh but today I'm like
all right Cody you pumped that ball pump
that ball keep going
put those Steph Curry shoes to the test
you heavy foot now hey you pump pump
pump up don't break your leg let's pump
up your ball now Boston hey you gotta
lick the needle okay go
oh man keep going
whoa trickshot okay I don't have a ball
for you oh that doesn't surprise me
honey
one more code oh there goes I taught you
well my child I taught them the
universal sign for I need a ride
watch out watch out cause here I come
nope you can have a ride sorry girl
Hey right here
hey why does it sound like a horsey what
was that what was that what was that oh
my god Cody whose ball with that where
did you get it who gave it to you well
it's all fun and games until you run
over your son's basketball I actually
don't think it's funny at all because it
terrifies me that I accidentally ran
that over and what happened went under
my back tire yeah and it was a very loud
pop because I was thinking I was like
recording the kids as I was like sitting
in the street parked and then I was like
driving like a mile an hour into the
driveway just rolling and following
Olivia was running and in my mind I
thought this probably isn't very smart
like I don't want to run over a kid but
like I could see where all three of them
were so I didn't worry about it but then
their fall rolled under and your stuff
always gets ruined I'm so sorry
card I promise you since big bad mama
Bonnie correct your ball I'm gonna get
you doing okay you just remember that
daddy got you a new ball okay
who got you a new ball this that's right
I'm just kidding mommy actually sent me
on this errand this is an outdoor ball
so that's a good one you like the Denver
Nuggets on I like this and I think this
one's cool indoor outdoor buddy I like
this one well they're all a little flat
will pump them up look there's more over
here bring down let's go look I found
more
yeah sound like the Holy Grail wall of
balls which one that blue one do you
like these ones at all no okay okay
that's the one you want
all right you got a basketball and a
football you like alright we're gonna
call it a night and if you guys want to
see any more ball busting subscribe and
give it a thumbs up
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye guys
