how many babies have done this huh like
every single one of them yeah you did it
you did it you made a mess oh and
another oh he's showing you what he's
done he's so proud of himself do you
know that you used to do that and Cody
used to do that and Olivia used to do
that and I would sit and let you cuz you
enjoyed it
Lincoln woke up last night with a very
poopy diaper around midnight and all he
wanted me to do is cuddle him so I did
we rocked in the rocking chair for like
40 minutes yes you are so proud of your
messes that you make finally once I got
him to bed Olivia you can see her
leftover mess she thought there was a
spider in her bed she probably was right
anyway she wanted to sleep on the couch
what I am doing today is painting these
door jams this doors been painted for
ever since we got it but these never
were painted and because I've let them
go so long I actually had to sand them
down quite a bit and clean them up it
anyway we have a little laundry list of
like little items like this stuff that
you just never get around to that Bonnie
and I were tired when we finished
remodel and now we're just like we got
to get these little things done that
just seemed to linger forever and I have
the best camera man in the world helping
me right now oh yeah hello so we got to
get our chores done today HECO mm-hmm
can't go to school to get chores done
mm-hmm well I finally found some pants
that fit Cody really really well lift
your shirt up like it
those looks so cute on you turn around
turn around
I love these on him these are
Abercrombie pants um I can't believe I'm
buying my open five year old Abercrombie
pants but I knew they would be really
skinny the only thing is is Cody hates
them show me why you hate them you can't
fit your whole hand in there
show me how you don't want to do your
hands in your pocket I don't want to do
it just what I don't want to do it this
way only like always
oh the only pants he likes and that are
semi skinny on him on the waist are his
old navy ones Old Navy is his choice
Abercrombie is my choice because it has
a little crotch he's crotch doesn't hang
down to the middle of his thighs and
that's what I like about it Oh like
these boy okay you can wear those
tomorrow did you see him do that in the
background you see him crawl every one
of my kids have done that it makes me
crazy you're not going to let you watch
the play The Hulk because you have not
been a nice for today oh did you throw a
toy at Cody yeah you're hurt Cody yeah
did you crush Auburn a pen yeah and when
I asked you to stop did you push him
over again beer is that nice or naughty
Johnny
is right are you gonna say sorry to what
about mama
yeah are you gonna say sorry to mama
yeah for not coming when I called you
you want to be a good boy so you can
watch the play doh hope okay well let's
try harder okay let's get the bathroom
clean and if you can be a good helper
maybe we can watch the play-doh you're a
good helper yeah you're gonna be a good
folks from thinking yeah what does it
look like that why is the taste so did
the kids like grab the camera or
something white on fire the fake do you
know what to do to fix this oh oh that's
so getting better okay it looks like
something just twisted the crap out of
it is it ironic that I was talking about
Kody's pants this morning I'm sorry if
the lighting is insane oh my gosh anyway
Kate sent these pants for Kody these are
the skinniest pants I've ever found well
I didn't find him she most certainly did
and sent look at this handsome shirt Oh
everything is so sweet Oh Joel it blows
my mind what did Miss Robinson send you
can you show me who's under your arm who
is that
so cute Avengers that's right the thing
that I like about these packages is not
even the fact that um someone sent us
stuff it's that someone likes us enough
send us something like it's the
connection that I feel and I know this
is very simple it's just things but I
don't know when you get mean comments
sometimes it can get really rough and
these nice gestures and notes and things
like that they mean more to me than just
the stuff that gets sent it's the it's a
gesture behind it I think that's why I
really like doing nice things for people
it's not because the stuff the you know
that part of it it's the gesture it is
the gesture and I like seeing all the
names and where they're from always in
love when people comment where their
friends seem rather from yeah I see you
me too
that's a big be a howdy doody bumble
bumble kids are hot kids are tired kids
are cranky
kids are hungry and I just thought you
know what we are all going outside
whether we're hot or not and we are
going to pick the pears on our tree and
everyone is going to be happy and smile
and do it and I never got it okay
we're not even playing on here let's all
go out to the pear tree
Joel set up the table John Jared pulled
the table out here hand me the baby come
here bed bed my mother's so the kids can
help everyone has their own bucket
Boston you and Hulk have your bucket
come on walk walk walk let's go that's a
better place for them now you can
actually what if I just popped off and
landed in my bucket
that's awesome Olivia okay good job you
guys climb up there you just push it out
of your way there you go turn around
Olivia right where you are and get those
ones right behind you no don't jump off
the ladder to pull them
good job straight through there Olivia
look right here right through here there
you go those are perfect okay
you can set your bucket on the ground
then did you get everything that you can
reach right there okay okay get that one
and then we'll move the ladder don't
drop it
climb down and put it in your bucket do
you need me to grab your bucket oh here
Boston wait up
that was not staged you're doing a
pretty good job code how come you're a
good worker I never would have expected
that from you
cody has been my whiniest baby estoy and
he is my hardest stinkin worker and
you'd think Boston is my kind of my
tough hulky but he is useless
because he's three Joe that's ageism and
I don't appreciate that
I like that site they've been whining
and moving about everyday things and
this is the first time
today that I've heard them not whining
with the exception of you want to get
down you want to get down rose you don't
go on the dirt
you
you
well what do you guys think of all the
tears you picked can you believe you
picked that many copies so what here in
like a couple days a week we'll be able
to bottle them yeah you think don't
fight just get your toys put away I told
the kids if they can hurry and get this
basement all the way clean we can watch
a movie we had dinner we've clipped
toenails we practiced piano we've done
homework Olivia and I still have piano
lessons to go to tonight but we'll do
that after everything is done and the
boys are getting in bed can you guys say
good night to everybody
good night today is been a busy eventful
very full day thank you guys for
following us and we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
