I don't like money yes you two running
likes you I feel like it's the opposite
I don't know about anyway I'm gonna get
Lincoln a bottle okay and we are gonna
get ready for the day and go run some
errands perfect okay one following you
cuz I'm the role of the camera I'm you
know that you get him situated um
today's video is sponsored by CBS
pharmacies there are now more than 1,600
CVS pharmacies in the Target stores but
you all know that I absolutely love
Target so you can go to Target run all
your errands and then it makes it really
convenient that you can just stop at the
CVS pharmacy while you're there you can
do it all at the same time and you only
have one cart that's the best part
that's the most important part is your
lot you don't have to change carts you
don't have to change stores it's all in
one spot do you remember when I was
expecting Cody and you and I were not on
the best of terms we were in the car
driving out of town and the doctor
called me and told me that I had an
infection and that he wrote me a
prescription
I called CVS in the Target store and I
went and picked up my medication do you
remember that oh yeah I remember that
now yeah that's kind of bad I thought
that was fun as I was thinking about
this I think about when you're mad at me
yeah it's even easier now because they
have the CVS mobile app this is the CVS
pharmacy app and on here you can scan
your to refill transfer prescriptions to
CVS yes link in and they have the
identified pill so if you have a pill
and you're not exactly sure what it is
you can put in the description and it
will help you to identify the pill and I
think this is the coolest part of the
app is the drug interactions you can put
the medications that you're taking in
and it will let you know if they will
cause an adverse reaction I will make
sure to put CVS's website listed in
my description so if you have any other
questions or you want more information
you can go ahead and click that link
good morning everybody I just got
finished with my run for the morning
which I try to do just about every
single day I get up about an hour hour
and 15 minutes before anybody gets up in
the house and go around for that hour I
do about seven and a half to eight and a
half miles I love it
my body hates it but I love it I love
getting up getting the fresh air in the
morning it's starting to get cool and
crispy but it's just peaceful and quiet
I mean to you guys through the camera
probably looks like a normal day but it
is so quiet and peaceful out here and
this morning was really kind of a treat
the moon was so bright that all of the
fields like all the farm fields that I
run by look like noon day out there I
could see everything I could even see
like this dough jumping the fence and
all kinds of stuff it's really fun is
seven twelve in the morning and this is
usual I come home at seven o'clock ish
roughly I'm trying to add one more time
and
this is what I come home to every single
is these three are always up at seven
o'clock Olivia is almost always ready
she always lays her clothes out Kody's
curled up in a blanket and Boston's
playing with Iron Man let's get ready
and go upstairs and get our morning
started okay guys looking in he's trying
to put a shirt put in here she gets so
mad be here untie that I am one-handed
she get some and the knot doesn't come
undone or if it so when you take your
shoes off you need to untie em you can't
just pull your shoes up I try to
yeah it's a good-looking tie you're like
an expert at that
Oh Olivia's not in the best of moods
yesterday she fell down tell him what
you hurt your tailbone you slid on
someone else's wood floor and hurt your
tailbone and your friend you got an ally
on your knee your pants are too tight
she just up when did we get a teddy bear
a teddy bear forget it then you look
like a whip a barrel there well I like
always getting up ooh I like it
look I like his little feet under his
bum and they all come look he's ground
like a bear too can you say goodbye to
everybody you had a good day at school
why get your backpack is your doll in
there still should we take her out today
Oh baloney
very chic he's telling me the last three
days she's taking her dawn she said I
forget show-and-tell I said I think it
is
well you look like a little cute girl
okay
hey let's go we're here at the
laundromat washing some blankets
entertaining some kids get out of there
we have two blankets that were really
really big that we use to cover the lawn
the two blankets were handmade by my mom
so they're extra extra big the heavy
that we buy and I'm gonna make this
machine do the work instead of burning
up my machine
oh boy let him work does set him down
oh yeah they are oh my word oh my word
they're seriously he picked kind of
stuff but they were like to which him I
feel a little mad both careful oh that
was funny
yeah his I was seriously like her it was
like it was doing circles think I read
it in a book somewhere like it's been PF
washing my hair was like I was in the
beginning stages of what box music it
Oh from your curlers yes we did get a
tree to the laundromat
here yeah well we'll get one late you're
saying Joe has an obsession with laundry
okay he really does he wants to own one
that has been Joel's goal since for the
first years of our marriage
oh yeah well when we find the spot when
we find the spot that's clutch
well the laundromat that's here and then
one over in a town nearby as well my
good friend owns and he was a very good
man to me when I have lost my job and
are still in school and and needed an
income he hired me and I went and worked
for him at those laundromats and I
helped him build a new one and it was a
lot more yeah we had to we had to gut
this old building
one thing about Joel's friend James is
he true like tilted under schools Oh
Celie um Jules yeah oh it is hard how
come you're right I'm so strong um
Joel's friend James had basically taught
you all like the ways of an entrepreneur
George always worked for entrepreneurs
and that's Jill's goal like he wants to
own his own businesses and he wants to
you oh one of them wants to be a longer
Matt I want to laundromat something fun
about it well and it'll be good it's a
really good way for Joel to teach the
boys how to work
Jonathon work you all know that and I
don't know you've always wanted to be
your own boss and we kind of think
that's what that's that's what I want to
do then I want to just and the thing is
it's not a jump into all money's your
way enjoying and we have been for four
years now like we've slowly been like
working our way to objects go on things
doing ideas places you have to wait on
places that's kind of the worst thing
though the worst thing about
entrepreneurs stuff is you see something
to be like yeah I know exactly what
needs to go there there's a spot and I
was like Bonnie we need to put a car
wash but I had to cut the clip one time
because I was like Joel has a business
idea hold on I will find the vlog and I
will link it in the description or in
the iCard above the screen I think was
going to the wedding it was it was
anyway I was like I want to put a car
wash there and we looked at it and it
was just too much of an investment at
the time and we just couldn't but now
there's a car wash there and it's gonna
make a killing cash cow and not only
just a cash cow but that's like a fun
thing I worked on car washes I worked at
laundry these are jobs where he's gone
because you work there's not a lot of
employees so you end up working directly
under the owner and you get to see what
what makes them tick and any little
things that I've learned
is because I've worked with owners of
businesses and they've taught me exactly
how to make them work and I love it
that's the funnest kind of job you can
have so if you're a teenager and you
need a job
go find a business like that car wash or
a laundromat and get to know the owners
and and do what they do and that's why
that's like how Joel knows how to fix
anything because he had these jobs where
he had to fix stuff so you're gonna be
the same way you're gonna learn how to
fix stuff and meet Rick stuff know how
to break stuff and this one needs to
learn how and this one needs to learn
how to do drinks let me see that
huh you're just up on your stool get old
drinky see already resourceful ya boo
boo boo boo this evening dude he been
doing this with me alone not hot mom
he's not in the mood he's not in the
mood is because it's nap time
yep it's nap time got it got it
kids cuz he's tired
oh my melt my little heart Hutchins was
caught in the drink okay okay get out of
that no you're gonna help me put it on
here you hold that end I'm teaching Kody
the fine art of helping a woman for her
jewelry on because when you get married
you're gonna have to help your wife he
put it on and dad normally helps me do
this but guess what he's busy so you are
gonna help me thank you son it ended
quick hurt but it in half for me got the
other half don't don't give me your milk
come get in that half I lost and
give him not the one in your mouth
oh great because it has green on the top
yeah take about half of it
Boston buy half of it and you give the
other half to Kody no no don't just show
it in your mouth Boston take a bite and
give the other half to Kody that's how
we share and if you share well I'll get
you another one do a lot oh then that
means you have to bite it in half look
take a bite oh you like the green part
hit go buy it this way not a lot just a
little there we go now you hand that you
know lost if you eat that little piece
because that's the part you had and you
take half well it's a little also knows
but take that half and you share it with
your brother
you tell them code you run in the
bathroom cuz I gotta get your hair fixed
so you can get ready for school
go go go go I have been texting girls
all morning because John I want to go
see the new movie solely with Tom Hanks
in it we're actually pretty excited so
I'm hoping that we can find a babysitter
for tonight
we're actually going to close the vlog a
little bit early today it's Friday we're
gonna have the weekend ah you guys know
that we don't record on the weekend so
we'll see you guys on Monday if you guys
want to see what we're doing through the
weekend
I do have an Instagram and I'll keep you
updated through Instagram thank you guys
so much for watching see you later bye
guys
what is that all you wanted he said mom
you didn't let me show I am man the end
of video let me flip this up
half-ironman say have a good day a good
day see you know next vlog
