I think I'm gonna mess seeing you kids
eating the breakfast on a little stool I
think it's adorable my fear is that your
scarecrow to Grandma Halloween get that
for you
oh yeah well dad brought it got my whole
Ling got it for you today is what is it
at school Chantel Chantel and of course
Olivia wanted to bring Melanie right
gonna hold her and I'll take a picture
of how cute you are with her I think I
have a million of you with her but this
is just as cute too
okay you make a girl in there Melanie
okay no getting out until ShoreTel when
I was little my dog had puppies and
guess what boo brats have you pretend
out I brought a puppy for show-and-tell
and I let it sit underneath my desk but
since it was a puppy it was like
crawling all over the place
the teacher was like Bonnie you need to
take your puppy back home because the
kids are like laughing chasing it so the
next recess I walked at home you
standing up all by yourself not anymore
he's a little professional look at him
just slide right off that thing all
right guys things are gonna get a little
bit personal I'm gonna show you my
closet I was getting ready this morning
and I looked into my closet and saw the
sweetest surprise I've had this picture
of Bonnie for a couple months now and
that one was one I took
we took with Olivia's little camera but
Bonnie snuck this into my closet last
night and I didn't notice it when I got
ready for bed and and Bonnie and I when
we went to bed we were kind of just
bugged by each other a little bit we
weren't mad just annoyed whatever woke
up and then when I got ready this
morning to get my chores done I just saw
the sweetest little reminder that I have
the most beautiful are the most
beautiful wife in the world all right
Joel is quickly getting this car so you
put in the suburban for me cuz I gotta
go pick up Ellie we're taking Boston in
Jackson is that right yeah Boston in
Jackson on a little date and Joel oh
okay look at this thing okay I have
never in my life little booties and I
thought I'd buy some for the fall yeah
very cute little booth who has matching
ones Olivia yeah bye I said that we were
coming on like a little kid date with
these two and even though we're running
errands that's still a date right
laughing so hard in the car it's fun it
was really cute and I like that they're
coordinating he has burgundy pants and
you have on a burgundy shirt not
planning you didn't help at all at the
grocery store you didn't help at all at
lunch and you're just making things
worse now like smashing mom's stuff
lately he's been a little bit boisterous
real loud
a little bit whiny I think I haven't
checked yet but I think some teeth have
broken through so he's feeling a little
bit better but he was just quiet and a
happy in content just kept staring at me
didn't even say a word just kept staring
at me
me and him ran errands we went and got
groceries the good stuff never you mind
those uh hostess cakes there because
Bonnie does this every day um I figured
I can you know my original plan today
was just
stay in with Lincoln hunker down in the
basement play on the floor with them but
I saw myself in the mirror I walked by
this big mirror and I walked by I
thought this it's not fair that's not
even fair it's not fair for me to leave
all of this indoors trapped I need to
get this out I need to show the world
this you know it's like it'd be like da
Vinci putting a blanket over the Mona
Lisa you know or Rembrandt leaving the
Sistine Chapel covered wallpaper it you
know if you can tell me the comedian who
made that joke
ten points anyway I felt like this
outfit looks too good the hair looks
good everything looks alright today we
got to get it out to the public and show
the world in order to contain these kids
we're going to stick oh that's a good
little idea wipe down the nasty card
it's kind of wet
sit down it'll dry bill dry this will
contain them perfectly good idea and
Ellie
yeah for a minute sit down here sit down
okay stinky Lynx you ready you ready to
roll here we go
GTCC Sookie
we can say hi I know
bless you oh my gosh oh my gosh look
spider-man's head that's not even funny
my last move your spider my jar these 25
we would have lost 20 bucks on this trip
but I was trying to get kids because
they were that's she's laughing at us no
I wanted to see oh can you come here you
two
what I was trying to do is capture how
sweet they were being they're sharing
their suckers we do them suckers no you
give you got again oh yeah yeah you got
to get you gotta give it's like you are
you you jackson you forgot the give part
give Boston a taste hey you little see
okay usually I thought that greedy
that's so cute oh that's really nice
Jackson thank you very much thank you
very much look at that candle holder
when they touch you I'm up you're buying
my stuff and at Ellie's up at the front
occupying the cute oh she does this kind
of stuff all the time
best night ever she's gonna even bought
a little twig no did you find a trailer
for a four-wheeler huh I'm just what
daddy needs
I won't be able to convince Barney that
I need this but if Lincoln needs it
which he clearly does then of course
we'll have to get one
Peter daughter dear taya whoa whew
say hello hi you're getting big you're
getting ready to walk but you're still
about a month away I think according to
according to the schedule of all the
other kids I think he's still about a
month away normally they didn't start
walking till about 14 months roughly but
I don't know I didn't take a mind of
Olivia oh is that your mark Joel took a
bite of everyone's grilled cheese
sandwiches except for Olivia to see the
whole thing gunk check and you need it
because she's always so so hungry
yep this is on sourdough dill bread yeah
okay come here guys come here no come
here Shh to end the vlog did you buy
Boston here
don't be crazy Boston come here did you
guys know listen did you guys know that
today is grandpa Hellenes birthday yeah
daddy's dad holy they don't know that's
my day only good things ones for him and
this is grandpa's very first Friday as a
wee tired man so we're gonna sing happy
birthday to him okay okay happy birthday
to you happy birthday to you
and with your grandpa Helene happy
birthday to you and many more happy
birthday grandpa Helene I will see all
of you guys thank you all for watching
in our next video bye guys
