well says oh no no no no no no you can't
bite my toesies I know you like to chew
cannot you got this little backpack free
and I case a pull-ups and he loves that
silly little backpack look at my little
dinosaurs today may be a day that the
kids stay in their pajamas because it's
just one of those days thunder and
lightning all night Boston did you hear
the thunder last night what did you
think okay not good scared the heck out
of me and dad - it didn't wake him up
though I surprised if this isn't a sign
that there's a baby in the house I don't
know what is good morning you guys there
is something that I have been avoiding
and I do this repeatedly I do this all
the time my house stays nice and clean
except this area do you see this like I
just I don't know why i doing to myself
it's like I keep the whole house clean I
pick everything up if there's something
that I don't know what to do with or I'm
procrastinating taking care of I just
throw it on my side of the bed if you'll
notice I keep Joel's side of the bed
nice and clean um but I don't keep my
side of the bed nice and clean so I just
put Lincoln down for his nap I have
these kids coloring and I don't want you
to turn the page you're gonna work on
one page at a time because I don't want
you fighting
you're gonna color dry all green look in
their camera oh yeah that little green
yep all green okay you kids color I'm
going to clean my room look who I have
in
mirror I have little Calvin I have no
Calvin Cody he thinks it's pretty good I
like your guys is matching sweatpants
short come here bring it right over here
I'll lift it up okay
let's see what you got in there you want
to see what's in his backpack yeah okay
let's see
Hulk mask part two a toy Oh hot water
bottle that's a good thing to have a
Hulk toy and and a baby toy anything oh
whoa whoa let's see what else is in here
got another little toy huh this isn't
our camera love yourself who is who you
who are you oh I thought fill my normal
self
this must be Bonnie's camera boys
Bonnie's camera in our car what in the
world I just I feel more comfortable
with our own I feel more warmed up and
welcomed a question there's a lot of
people who are there's a lot of
crossover or two don't you think it's
different it's different so I recognize
some of you we should probably go take
Bonnie's camera back there someplace out
of money to deliver camera I have been
looking for my camera all day long I've
ran errands I've done all sorts of
things I'm like where is my camera and I
thought well I shall do a vlog today
like my schedules Monday Wednesday
Friday and I thought I just won't do one
today and Ellie called I called Ellie
the same time she was texting me to ask
her she had my camera and she was
letting me know that she had my camera
yes that's my tag I'm trying on a new
jacket that came in the mail and you can
eat it yes you can eat the tag for
dinner tonight we are having tomato
sandwiches we put mayo on our bread
this is a tomato and herb bread that we
got from great harvest it's really yummy
salt and pepper and that's what we have
for dinner Columbia please eat your
sandwich I know no dancing right now
just please I'm so glad that you're home
Oh Joe's been gone all day I haven't had
my camera all day so they cut the day's
been kind of a wash but that's okay
what's up coach Boston is Angus have
suckers VC why does he say yeah those
are huge I hate those shoes
Joe bottom he thinks they're so
good-looking I hate them they may go
back I don't like them at all I just
don't find them attractive yeah it all
tells me all the time if he doesn't like
things that I wear and I just don't care
but I wear what I want
he rose he wants like there's kind of no
telling us what to do with each other ah
I just don't like um I mean the top part
is cute I think it's a good-looking boot
but I don't like the white bottom it
just well the photo oh yeah
the mock toes
nobody has a good weapon maka these are
huge are they Hey
they look very large on you you know
they're not that bad
they're not that bad uh uh uh yeah I
just can't like I just I'm trying to I
like you see Lincoln tonight has been
risen really messy and so I really did a
really great job and you will love to
see how the floor the floor is there
baby doll right there and Cory's doing
the chicken
subscribe for more and if we will see
you tomorrow in our next vlog bye bye
I'm very very good kart and so we are
gonna say goodbye and see what the next
spot bye bye I want you to play your C
scale and tell me the notes as you plan
C D F G C B
good okay close your eyes hit any note
what note is that D yes do you bring him
in there with you so Olivia and I can
practice
back in what class put the top of
trouble at the bottom and thanks man
thanks plus the notes a line through it
is C subside middle please
down here and we play see me II see II
see
are you I am hearing that well--that's
piano lessons I just thought that was oh
you are such a dork
seriously yeah can you flip and believe
that we have someone playing the piano
in this house I think is cute is here
take your stand your cute little bodies
I can't wait I can't believe this is
Alison she's go over there I can't
believe that we have a girl playing the
piano a baby playing in the Tupperware
drawer Blake and are like new to us home
I cannot believe this I can't believe
this I feel like we're still like high
school kids mm-hmm
I feel like you're supposed to be still
teaching piano so you better get back to
work your piano teacher would not be
right yet
Olivia informed me she already closed
the blog I'm going to go ahead and the
blog officially closed before you mom
that's okay thank you guys so much for
watching we'll see you guys tomorrow
hi
