good morning you guys this is the first
time I'm picking up the camera and it is
late in the afternoon kids are down for
naps and these guys just walked in the
door and you're sharing a little cookie
Joel and I went to great harvest for
lunch and we brought the kids home um a
cookie for a little snack after school
yeah how was school I want to hear about
it all right yours was perfect
the math was kind of hard are you a
little bit behind since you missed
school yep but I got a pack of homework
okay we'll get it done
we knew that Olivia would get a little
bit behind in school but she learned a
lot on her trip things that she wouldn't
learn in school and now we're gonna get
her caught up at her schoolwork she'll
get caught up because she's really
really smart huh honey yeah yeah you
guys are so tired after school I want to
hear about your day it was great
well did you know that I totally get in
you that the whole entire time when I
first came out out this school I started
to call you work often but once I
returned on recess even when we got no
one that was coffee in the schools cost
me when I went out I was out of my class
and I raced out all my friends I stopped
coughing Oh baloney was in my face a
limit but God doesn't have I think it's
so cute as with my songs together why
and look at Adobe you know I was there
you looked at me like oh really yeah and
then I thought you were someone else but
she wasn't Olivia my table is going to
ship next week next week my tables going
to ship so we'll have a table you guys
isn't that exciting news Hey
oh yeah hey Joey can you come here yeah
can you show me
hello Bonnie
Joey Ren come here
that's scary
come on that last step here just like um
I had to have you come upstairs because
the lighting is better upstairs and I
have something to show you
you wanna show me the cute hair I don't
know what it was like I think it stopped
being cute I think Joe likes it I don't
know what I think well the money has
naturally curly hair and obvious that's
not her natural curly hair but I just I
love curly hair it's cute gotta grow a
little bit good eye area here yes we
chase when I take you to school they
were so cute what do you have for me my
wedding ring wait Oh play now I know
that's what you've been saying oh you
didn't put it on for him yes in one
second I'll take you downstairs and you
can watch I think what he meant to say
was you TV underground no he did not say
you wanna play no yes we will watch the
whole play doh I have something to show
Derrida show me it is hmm my wedding
ring Oh crapola focus little focus
little focus does it even look like the
same Ling your ring when it was brand
new never looked at dinner
no never look look how shiny it is and
shimmery oh yes what do you splendid
would think oh nothing you didn't get it
all shining shimmering splendid
yeah it looks suicide
oh good I've been off more than I can
chew
mm-hmm it's just a reference lady to
Aladdin okay I really do want to look at
it okay it's like I don't even know what
the words to describe it was quite it
it's so shiny that it's white and it
never was that way I always had a yellow
hue to it we all were just calling maybe
that's white gold I don't we just never
knew but know what we knew it was white
gold it just looked horrible we did know
was that meant to look he said that he
plated it with rhodium and rook come on
I'm so sorry this is like the worst
focus job in the world
he said he plated it with rhodium focus
on it he played it with rhodium which is
in the Platinum family the Platinum
family I'm never gonna get my story I'm
so sorry this is the worst log in the
world the best wing in the world though
okay seriously I'm going to throw the
camera on the ground here we go
something like that
what do you think I never knew I'm sorry
it's the hair it makes me feel alive
alive mm-hmm makes me feel Aladdin but
jazz Nene jazz Manian devil
would you look at it would you look at
it mink it's a woman it's a underworld
for you he did not take a nap today this
afternoon
he just wasn't into it wasn't feeling it
Hey
what are you doing in here yeah what are
you doing in here yeah you didn't want
to take a nap did you we want take a nap
I feel like I'm looking at my baby
pictures saying now hi oh you just
didn't feel like taking a nap
wow you guys are super I'm looking at my
baby picture oh yes are you doing
Lincoln Lincoln thinker can you give me
kisses
come here look at him like lay his feet
out there don't you give me kisses
coming to me no oh no yes it's a frizzy
mess
I don't I thought that's what I thought
let's go a little fine hey jump jump
jump jump jump jump jump jump jump oh
whoa whoa thank you guys here you
can I have kisses come here me kisses no
you want to give the camera kisses no
you cannot no you cannot give me kisses
look right here oh well I'm sorry if any
of you out there are suffering from baby
fever this is only gonna make it worse
can I have oh look come here just show
him your trick would you just show me
he's really good at giving baby kisses
don't touch it give me kiss just give me
your cards but the camera is too more
interesting the camera is more
interesting than kissing my you kiss
mommy 24/7 look at this little bit Oh
what no Rachel can read you go yeah are
you looking at all the bite marks these
are mostly from Olivia are you looking
at a good smile bigger his eyes or mouth
daddy oh good day that's a lucky daddy
that's a lucky daddy
oh hey yo what letter is that one
hey what letter is that one me what
letter is that one beep what letter is
that one hmm
letter is that one no hey hey hey
good job okay let's do the lowercase you
have homework every night huh pretty
much if we got to do these every night
and me and Mom have been doing them
color six friends green red blue green
it's freckly people and they think I
have a sparkly purple again
okay well color you are not blue and
especially green yep just scream cuz you
like me see that's for clothes promotion
right
c16 I'm not sure how other teachers do
it but I feel like Olivia has a lot of
homework and maybe it's because we're
doing catch-up but I feel like she has a
lot of homework the kids go to school
all day long they come home and they're
fried when it's time to do homework I'm
kind of wondering what you guys do as
far as your scheduling if you guys have
a lot of homework and I don't know why
oh I'm kind of torn on this whole like
homework situation I feel like there's a
lot and I feel like I don't know like I
wanted to practice piano but I feel like
her little mind is like burned out when
she gets home and stuff so anyway Olivia
and I have piano lessons tonight don't
you honey
so I'm going to take her to piano
lessons and I have to close the vlog
before we go because I have to stop at
at Ellie's to upload our Internet
service stinks we have a guy come out to
fix it today and he's like oh there's
nothing wrong with it I'm like
oh it takes me seven hours to upload a
15 minute vlog it's not fine
he's coming out again in the morning I'm
not sure what he's gonna do different
but he's coming out
we have CenturyLink and I am not having
the CenturyLink
so that's the plan I'm gonna go to
Ellie's and upload my video tonight she
doesn't know it yet but I'm coming over
so hey we are gonna close the blog what
X in college today
one two three four five six so just
don't color that one just do this six
we're gonna close the blog thank you
guys so much for watching I will see you
in our next video bye guys
