guess what Olivia hey we are gonna get
you in the bathtub right now we're gonna
wash your hair we're going to get you
all packed because guess what hey
Grandma and Grandpa are gonna drive you
to Kansas City to see Emma no way with
Allie and joy no can I bring my makes
girls all yes yay and you get a drive in
our old truck that grandpa bought and
you're gonna watch movies okay Ben one
yes like yeah we're gonna have a special
type of meeting you here
I asked through the cracks I feel bad
that Boston has gone but not Cody like
it just makes me so feel bad but I wish
Cody
linkie could come but there's only three
seats and how could we fit yeah in the
back but loading abettors
you wish your brother's picanha me if me
and Emma get something guess what I
don't really use it if I well if I don't
want it if I like it but I'll give it to
you unless you go like somewhere or like
up I just mean what's up they're not
gonna go to Disneyland but I thought it
is it tomorrow
it's right now right now we have to
worry you ready right now where when
like we're as soon as we get you bathed
and ready we're leaving where to go take
you to Grandma's so we're taking that
eat a grip it's a vengeance you know can
you call him and tell em to get their
mythical diadochi they already know
Lizzie yes let's go get ready yeah okay
we're saying goodbye to our girls I love
you you'll behave for Grandma do you
understand okay
are you sad why are you sad are you
gonna miss me I'm gonna miss you too you
girls have fun okay
are you tired girls where you've been in
the car a long time like my lot
five o'clock and it's
almost for non-stop talking and watching
videos playing with dolls and eating
really they have been talking the whole
time about beat the girls did a good job
this morning and what I think it's so
cute is they we're so quiet this morning
before grandpa and I even woke up and
they made their bed in the hotel room we
need your bed but then grandpa mess
sorry
well I tell you their parents I don't
know whatever they instead to before
they left but it's gold it's gold
whatever they said to my parents to tell
me the metal bed at the hotel I just did
it is the one who makes are you hungry
yet hey are you hungry yes it happens
let's go eat let's go eat yay well we
had plenty of time to get ready this
morning and so when you know you have
plenty of time to get ready you take
your time and now we are rushing it
because we want to get to Julie by 2:30
today grandpa here grandpa is gonna go
back to the room and if a shame the
shame thank everybody thank you we're
gonna say it perfect head out
you're running for your turn okay
it's a DS time okay all right we're
ready to go
I can't
barely got home from you keepers out of
his debt hmm
Oh Landon we are eating your halibut and
yours oh you've got salmon underneath
that one hmm cool truly made this salsa
step for actually it looks yummy yeah so
thank you thank you Landon and Julia so
this is what we're doing and the kids
have already eaten and they are busy we
are in and you can see that she has this
cute little um dad like little baby toe
and Emma is this your doll is this your
bedroom what are we doing pardon now
finally we are at in this house and
everybody is awake and yeah having a
great time
Olivia you're slowing down for just
about there
you
oK we've got the camera going and we're
getting Rahl ready for bed and I want
you to tell me if you liked today and
what some of the funnest things that you
did and what you've enjoyed about being
here with Emma we went swimming and my
cousins came here
yeah and I kind of liked it when we had
the little that little disco party we
inflated downstairs altogether that was
fun like right now right now the whole
thing it was it was it worth driving out
here just to see each other for a
weekend it was yeah well you know what
what was your favorite thing Cooper's
your favorite cake I think my favorite
thing was seeing all these girls just
laugh and play and kids because this
reminds me of me me and Ellie and Bobby
Brown yeah yeah you know what girl you
know what's so funny when you're all
grown up and you're not little girls
anymore
and you see each other you will always
hug each other
you'll always be so happy to see each
other and you'll it'll make you feel
like your kids again when I see my
cousins even though I'm old we feel like
kids because we love each other so much
and it just we just remember from when
we were little
well kids so it's really neat that you
have so much love in your heart for each
other for Emma and come in the morning
see in the morning see in the morn yours
I didn't forget to you I can call you
Bonnie
do you want me to call you bye can you
miss Bonnie Olivia how about we call you
bonbon is that okay do you like bonbon
or Bonnie bunny oh honey oh you call me
Ruby do really do me do me do you miss
Ruby oh I know one thing I don't fix him
like your mom's know how to fix hair I'm
old school we put a bit of pony tail up
here just as tight as we can put them
fixing Julie's hair this morning can you
tell which kid is on my bathroom floor
today yeah good in here you got loose in
the bathroom yeah you can't yell day one
but he knows it me me you got stuff on
your hands too well Julie you've been
having a good time
which one time ago I had a good time yes
I think so
good deal
Julie you know that little Julie I think
it's pretty packed you know who you're
named after and Julie yeah it's not very
good
well it doesn't look too bad for two
days of no they don't forget job to keep
themselves picked up not Nana's old
uncle Landon has a book fit the kids are
going to write in and sign their names
that they were here does it look like
they're okay that nobody big fun no okay
these are cute cameras okay okay stay
there because we might have to do it
okay okay okay I think we're okay now
mama wants one me with you perfect okay
I'll take it
I'll take a picture of my graduation
picture grandpa you gonna take your
picture I'll take the picture okay are
they cleaning up your tree back there
Oh what are they doing I'm coming to see
where the teeny of your big tree in the
very back to learnis my oh my goodness
we are watching we are watching Bonnie's
channel this is the funnest thing we do
all day actually we want a bunch channel
the kids are like playing and then
grandpa
you should film well Joel thank you but
I do have a question did you do out
behind the pit there's no way out back
we are spoiled or spoiled
we're just stinkin spoiled well let's
know our girls did good we're just
finding this stuff that we didn't know
that they were at the house cuz I think
I'm good cheers is recruiting look at
that cute little boy
I just like pushing you away there you
go like pushing her away
yes we will
so you've usually been in the middle
haven't you Livia
yeah but you're gonna sit there do you
have a movie you're going to watch
violet suit I've had I watched this
movie that's a really good
all right
good all right don't touch back three
hey hey okay they're gone
hey girls you gotta get up we got
another big day wine come on I've got a
big big day ahead of us you ready to go
they're all nice Olivia show me what
you're getting put what are you getting
and you pick that one out huh that look
really nice on you okay now we're almost
finished with the jewelry we can go out
and see the rod so today we came to see
the mouth and Russ Holden - I don't know
how to say that out but my gosh my
Rushmore and you can't really see but
there is four presidents up on that
mountain and it's pretty cool to come
out here and see those rocks that were
made by handed they were made by handed
I don't know how they made it
but those rocks
what was that again grandma's house is
what grandma's house is the place
cousins go to become friends that's
right well you learn to be friends and
bonnie was telling me like I said I want
to take the kids at least one or two of
them an Isis know at least two of it but
she says well yeah if you if you take
one then when you're gone like dead and
gone who's going to be around to to
remember to talk about the memories so
you have to have two or three at least
hey when you don't have a napkin mmm
that's all we are here having a good ice
cream cone yeah like you you wipe it on
your pant wipe it on your fan look
yeah just wipe a month wipe them on her
okay
look at that isn't that cool we're
driving through the bear park and so we
don't have to have our seatbelts on this
said in the bear park
we're just ten driving through that's
good there's animals all over look here
animals are all over cinema baby oh my
gosh the Bears falling music means
working isn't games being a car I have
never seen a bear play like that crazy
he's just hanging out how many have you
seen a bear up there that close to you
yeah like like that big close like I've
never been here have you guys put it
down in the comments down below
singing bears is lots of fun but kinky
little freaky now I realize now I know
why it called Wally it's called a bear
country there are a million variants
like they're not there there are only
like there bear right there's three sets
of bears new but it only says that
there's two bears and there's a huge
patter
there's a what we are just passing up
Buffalo and I can't see
right there that is a buffalo Wow does
the biggest buffalo I've ever seen that
is the hairiest Buffalo and Julie she is
making it like homemade and is that
people use the regular syrup but she's
making butter see it up oh yeah some
lemon hey Julie Runkel liquidizer see
these girls had so much fun on this trip
being here they're great at Julie's
house haven't you girls swing it hard
harvesting corn today
- but car
just look at Julie and I used to drive
these trucks so I didn't really do the
truck driving I have enough younger
brother or older brothers that were
close enough to me that I never was
allowed in the truck but oh you got a
Keurig in the truck I joke these chugs
just like that
just like one more night okay wait are
we still more night you've had a good
time having one whole month Holly well
okay the battery is flashing today is
our last day travel de terre with a home
we're gonna go home to mom and dad have
you had a good time let's see earrings
one more time
earrings oh I meant the biggest I have
had so much fun this has been so much
fun
love you girls thanks for coming
mmm thanks for coming you guys oh I get
a hug too okay thanks for coming come
back
you
