guys today's video is going to be
sponsored by Zillow as I've been doing
my remodel I've had a lot of you guys
and tweet me with pictures of your own
remodels questions about the whole
remodel and so I wanted to share with
you an app that I have on my phone on my
phone along with this cute little boy I
have these Zillow app when you go into
the app it allows you to search for
places for sale for rent and you can
find an agent if you're selling your
your home or if your gonna be buying a
home I also like that there's a payment
calendar and affordability calculator so
that you can you know show what your
income is show what down payment you
have and then you know what debt you
have I'm gonna show you my favorite part
but I'm gonna show you all my computer
so it's a little bit bigger so that you
can see what I'm doing this is on Zillow
con and if you go to how much design
that was weird I was gonna say house and
I said home home design you go to
kitchen because that's what I just
remodeled and what I like is that it
shows you kind of an estimate on what
this kitchen is gonna cost you if this
is one that I specifically wanted to
show you before the tile so if you click
on it it tells you the name and the
color of the tile so if you want to
search other places to buy it but it
also shows you where you can actually
buy it from I will make sure to leave
their website and their free app listed
in my description I want to thank the
silho again for sponsoring this video
and as I'm looking into the camera I'm
looking outside and I can see tree limbs
falling what's Jill doing out here I had
I told him are you cutting down this
tree I saw tree limbs falling
bruised and damaged from the most
efficient Olivia and grandma grandpa
finally made it home and they did not
pull in until midnight oh really
darn it easy oh my word that is
beautiful and it's real silver and real
gold ha Julie let me see yours yours the
biggest one isn't it
oh whoa besides grandmas a bead you want
can I see your ring
can I see your ring come here how was
your guys's Tori ours no it's mine he
bought new ones Wow aren't those
beautiful mom Grandma and Grandpa woke
up this morning and they are making
waffles
oh very you're talking to moms like this
conversation she's cutting up peaches
from her tree we're having waffles it
was a late night so sweet
the girls were concerned about when they
were gonna see each other again did you
miss him
very hard on this sorta stuff tape
bracelet and I think this insurance to
you into it okay
what happened oh I'm glad you took some
of these another one in the house of
food you want to give me the ones that
you want to give me later
well there's one well there's just a
case what's up in there for you yeah we
didn't take a whole lot you can look
through them later we'll mine
yep all morning mom's been telling us
that all the Oh cute Oh cute
all the stories and mishaps and
adventures it is time for us to go god I
don't know how I'm gonna pray Olivia
away they keep talking about what do we
get to next what are we gonna do next
nothing you're gonna go to school and
you learn you're your education is gonna
continue from this trip yeah we're gonna
put you on four-wheelers and you're
gonna have your own when you're ten yeah
when you guys get just a little older
you boys will do something special you
have to start learning now how to
manhandle those machines and you're
gonna have to learn to stay out of the
bishop's weed and you gotta wait till
Henry gets a little bigger and Cooper
and Porter and Russell yeah hopefully
I'm not forgiving anyone maybe Lily
we're gonna be planning a man trip here
pretty soon and you guys are old enough
hey that looks pretty nifty cool huh
yeah I'm like that those are the bear to
put in no he's got a three column
striker plate Oh was it there already or
have you not put it on it off oh really
oh you had to take it off wait what's
going on
whole is there but the striker plate
inside wasn't signed I said that oh I
still don't know what he's saying it's
okay do you like this right here yeah
it's not there so you had to drill about
it I have to drill any what about the
covering the molding that goes around
the door did you take it off I just have
to put it on Oh what we have it no we
don't have it weird okay okay now show
me tell you my news yeah okay a lot of
you have noticed that I don't wear a
wedding ring well who's that little kid
I know those little papers anywhere I
can hear those socks getting dirty
anyway doesn't that make you so mad when
kids go outside in their socks it's like
I always thought my parents were so
annoying that they were like so mad
about the toilet when I was going oh yes
I'll get you a little something
something see that's amazing some of you
have noticed I don't wear a wedding ring
and it's because my figures are too
after I have Olivia my fingers just
became I can't get my ring oh my
languages so I finally took my ring into
a really well-known private jeweler and
I was so nervous when he got the ring he
told me that it was in the worst
condition like he's like this is the
dirtiest ring the guy that we the
jeweler that we bought it from and read
it for me because it just looked dull
all the time and doesn't want shiny and
pretty and anyway when he dipped it he
didn't clean it before he dipped it and
when he dipped it wasn't a very good job
anyway
he completely stripped the ring took the
diamond out
the ring and it is so beautiful I know I
know I have had this ring Santa Claus
brought that to me when I was in high
school and that's what I've just been
wearing it's a little sterling silver
thing and here slide it off what did you
hit it is falling into the window okay
take that off when we were in high
school
take it alive when we were in high
school joel was kind of playing with
this ring I shoved it on his finger you
could see like it's not getting past
that knuckle Bonnie forced it we were
driving I remember we were driving in
the truck I was driving paying attention
to the road still being distracted by
Bonnie she shoved that onto my finger
did not come off and I of course all I
did was laugh and thought it was so
funny and I did it was flirty what I
wanted in my mind I thought I'm gonna
get it stuck on his finger so he'll wear
it for like the year kind of like
putting my stamp on him or something
well I should have said that and you
probably would have left it I'm good
about it totally left it on but it's
dead I remember dropping her off and I
was like it's not coming off right now
I'll have to go home and work it off I
was surprised yes they're missing yeah
you left your stamp oh yeah why I don't
have my wedding ring on right now
because they sized it but it was still
just a little too tight and so they're
gonna re resize it so that it'll fit
nice and Kozel another Clara I can't
wait to show you guys it's so pretty
about that other jeweler when we bought
Bonnie's ring
I remember saying I need a size 7 that's
Bonnie's ring size I bought her rings
before hi 7 it's a size 6 this is a 6 I
I do not have size 6 fingers I feel bad
because my dad I bought Bonnie's wedding
ring where my dad bought my mom's
wedding oh my gosh I guess I didn't
remember and so I thought that was
pretty significant the only problem was
is when my dad bought the ring it was
the father who owned the business and he
really took a lot of care and took time
and the son didn't over
and didn't really care and anyway stars
gone now yep out of business a business
for a reason are you just so tired from
your trip how could you love this little
thing don't try really you guys partied
so hard didn't you you know what we are
all just having a really tired slow
afternoon
my parents got home with the girls at
midnight and then of course we sat and
talked until like 1:00 and then it was
just really hard to like go to bed no no
it was crazy it can you at least just
tell me what your favorite part of your
trip was blue oh do you want to tell
them what happened well you were Arby's
I was an RV sir I was trying to get you
were trying to put your straw through
this hole and you've forgotten put it on
that side and shoved it against your
loose tooth towards the end of the road
trip
they had my aunt's a little Yorkie in
the truck with them and you played and
played with that Yorkie my dad said you
guys wore that little thing right out it
was my uncle David's you can leave this
out if you want if you're not done
playing but let's get things cleaned up
and we'll have some lunch okay okay I
think that because we're all tired and
we're all just kind of being lazy around
the house we are gonna call it a night
thank you guys so much for always
watching and supporting Alice
you guys our next video
