well this morning we woke up and came to
the Griffith residence my parents home
in case you did not know this is my
parents house
they are bringing Olivia home today did
you guys did you guys know Olivia's
coming home today again that I brought
just one want to filled up with water I
know they were coming
dad dreamed about her cunny you did what
did you dream about when she came home
me I I gave her the ball and she said
and then she hugged that that ball that
you had Beverly helped make you huh it's
a home and we'll give it to her when we
get home hey man stupid why I'm
different now kudos dried green juice
late blood cars my gun it's not green it
didn't turn it green look at Cody's
tongue okay I did turn it a little blue
yeah I brought the kids a little snack
and they're up here enjoying it what do
you guys think up here
do you know why get the water if we're
in here children grape juice do you know
that when grandma thought of this tree
house all she wanted was you kids to
come up here and play and enjoy it do
you know that oh yes well it's true it's
all she wanted to do kids to play in
here it's the cutest treehouse y'all get
up here every day I come here I come
flood get right up here why cuz I wanted
and if people come up one out I was up
here doing this laying down so got
Boston and Jackson couldn't that's so
funny
ok I need to know is this juice or pee
on the floor P whose pee
did you pee in here if you're going to
pee outside you do not pee in grandma's
tree house
you'd go find a tree to pee behind right
is that what boys do don't pee and grow
yeah bitch don't pee in grandma's tree
house pee down there are three of them
oh I got this make me look at me do you
pee and grandma's tree house not a gap
who's that from the grape yep
were you eating grandpa's grapes yeah oh
my gosh
Greg and Grandpa are gonna watch this
and be like awesome they pee in my tree
house that eat my grapes sorry well they
will see this vlog that's the whole
thing with but these all come from
that's kind of cute it's kind of fun
that's now okay Oh Cody that's the thing
we have no more privacy we put our lives
out there for everyone to see everyone
now knows the Boston PD in grandma's
tree house maybe we'll have that take a
whole shot what you're here with a
ladder up and you can have a bow up here
yeah well I was gonna I brought those
left to it back hmm
kind of fun all right hold on let me let
me say one more thing to Boston when we
go down out of the tree house what are
you gonna do with that bottle
pick it up pick it up welcome Boston
what are you in do when you get down
there
write it pick it up because do you think
that that's nice to leave garbage in
grandma's pretty yard no what
yeah well no no I used to do this I was
carefully
well let's not do that unless there's
the trampoline underneath okay
yeah I yeah a while till then I'll do
this
I used to scoop all the way right here
well you know yeah when the trampoline
is below yes Cody but it just already
over here okay okay
no did he pour it on it wait I Spit on
just a little oh my cake no spitting in
the treehouse lean over the edge and
spit over the edge we do I Spit on the
other edge but you didn't quite make it
did you I saw that but wasn't gonna say
anything
boys you kind of kind of just boys yeah
boys I know and I love you oh but he's
juice down oh you guys see this is just
a natural glimpse of Boston it never
ends like Boston zipper stops oh the
inside of grapes boogers yeah
yeah he spit Romo on those yeah but I am
and he ate alts all the other ones
Boston stand next to Cody I want to see
who's taller who's taller you are Cody
send next one stand up you think you're
taller hmm
not by much yeah I'm taller mm-hmm can
you give Cody a big hug Matt Matt Matt
can you get can you give Cody yeah yeah
he okay Boston Boston don't jump like
that you're gonna break your legs he
looks at his legs in case you did not
know my mom and dad went to see my
sister in Missouri and they decided to
take Olivia and two of her cousins with
them and yes Olivia had to miss school I
wasn't extremely excited for Olivia to
miss school but the memories that she's
making certainly outweigh the homework
that she is missing so we'll get her
caught back up and she'll be back on
track with school in a week and then um
but the memories that she has made will
last her a lifetime you think that's
pretty neat this is why you think that's
your hand hey you know whose hand that
is aunt Ellie's it wasn't when that one
is Aunt juley's and guess what that one
right there is mine and that one's Uncle
Bobo's and that one's aunt Ruby's well
what about daddy well I bet there's
something over at daddy's house but this
is just me and my family this is just me
and my siblings what I always saying
it's me hmm that was when she was just
little oh not pretty cool
she older than me
um she was probably older than you
because she was probably really small
isn't that fun
pretty cool huh yeah Ali would think you
got very handsome maybe pretty cool
where have these pants been all of our
lives most of yours dress joel has been
wearing the same style of pants since
high school
and I have been trying with everything
in me to get him to wear a slimmer pant
I don't expect you to our skinny pants
but you just have the cutest little legs
oh wait on getting undressed already I
didn't like issues and okay this is the
tightest pant I've ever seen Jolie just
end up you look so cute
turn around prepare yourself such dork
okay stand up straight so I can see you
stand up turn around that is so cute you
are getting okay they're all there do
you like him
yeah I'm where these holes line but I
have to have boots look good oh dear hey
let's go I love them I leave you the
first eight are those the thirty ones or
the 32 32 Oh are they gonna 32 okay
38 all those are head oh I have I ten
pair there they leave Iran I've never
worn Levi's oh I know
Joel usually gives his pants from buckle
but we're both trying to we're both
trying to like grow
Josefa please don't do that back oh I
think that cheaper here that's for sure
look I love them I'm so bad you're aware
I'm so glad that you're willing to where
we are at Texas Roadhouse with my
parents and we are going to give Lincoln
his first lemon
here
if you do
but you're not giving a show
yeah
he's looking around the camp it to me
hey
he's really not even reacted to it
nothing g√∂ran worry your dad I mean
steal so plans changed a little bit my
parents got delayed by maybe three ish
hours or so we actually don't know when
they're going to be coming home and they
were supposed to be home about right now
and we were gonna take all of you home
with us so we didn't bring anything with
us to spend the night but we're thinking
that we're probably going to be spending
the night or at least we're gonna get
the kids in bed right now is a stinky
shower
so we're going to go ahead and end the
vlog here and we will see you guys in
our next video bye guys want a dirty
diaper nope okay hi guys
