weakens me oh right here I know he's
getting so big isn't he this is what our
mornings have been like okay okay be
nice yeah this is what our mornings have
been consisting of a lot lately the last
you know since school started kids get
up and we come down here and we watch
some vlogs and we're especially excited
because we've been watching Olivia in
Ruby and Julie's vlogs so that's been
kind of fun and and the boys just kind
of relaxed and we just take our time in
the morning Joel's been getting up and
going and doing his work in the mornings
and it's been nice having our routine
back it's been good for me to have quiet
mornings it's like calming my soul huh
can't decide which one you want your
binky or your bottle hmm yep it's been
super fun watching Olivia and the other
vlogs when my mom says she's been
recording for Olivia so when Olivia gets
home we'll put a vlog together for her
yes that touch your car is that you're
by your telephone
oh is that your car do you think that's
your car well maybe we'll go up and get
some cereal how about that I don't like
the square one you'll like whatever
mamma has in the cupboard is what you'll
like cereal boo food
Cheerios are yummy all right look you
even have a smile on your face let me
see this part that can this part can
only go with the gun and if it doesn't
have where's a broken one to show him is
this one oh yeah yeah you have it this
one see this one it's broken you only
have to have the whole four ones yeah so
if you what happens when you shove this
broken one in here Boston it gets stuck
and you'll have to
you're out and and if you put it back in
it would be harder yeah so do you
understand that Cody had to do lots of
work to pry two tweezer these out of his
gun and a lot it was just a little okay
I'm gonna make a point here I know you
love hmm tough choice between the two
that's what I'm gonna go with I don't
like to be hot so I'm gonna go with the
cold this one okay I can't hide my face
any longer
I might not get dressed today
please get my guru that is much better
that is much better sometimes I remember
the other kids going through phases
where they would say really really sassy
things but that's the better way to say
it
mommy can you please help me get my
jammies on right you're never gonna talk
sassy to me
you're never getting talks a suit to me
are you Lincoln oh then we can play with
toys
let's get your jammies on Boston just
pooped in the potty
without even nothing you just went in
and pooped didn't check good job I'm not
being goober lazy though I am trying to
get family pictures family outfits for
family pictures put together and that's
a big job that's kind of like a yeah I
don't know we need to get pictures
because I need to update like my profile
papers and like all that kind of stuff
get one your pictures of Lincoln that's
actually like the main reason that we're
going to be doing pictures is so we can
have when you pictures and updated
pictures of the kids what did you say
your strawberry looked like but a but
he's something like a mint Infinix of it
kind of funny if we're enjoying some
strawberries strawberry strawberry not
strawberry oh just get downstairs we ah
laughs oh cool leaves you wants to watch
a Hulk movie so I wasn't gonna get ready
Ozma stay in my robe all day and then I
remembered something I have a very
important date tonight with my sister
Ellie need to do something with it um I
have a very important date tonight
ah the bachelor in paradise is over and
we have like for three or four thing
just three three we have three episodes
to watch tonight including the finale oh
my goodness you get at it
um that's the green part you probably
don't wanna gone even gone yeah anyway
when we put the kids to bed we're gonna
watch it here at my house too many sons
oh I miss my boys day hmm good
strawberry good strawberry go on another
one don't check okay yeah just look at
those little legs huh
I can't wait to get your little pictures
Oh big oh come here
why did you do that oh don't ask
okay look you have to be more soft with
Lincoln can you give him a kiss and tell
him you're sorry no give him a kiss and
say I'm sorry yes say I'm sorry
yeah no like you mean it no look at me
yeah you tell him say I don't want you
to hit me on the head yeah I don't like
when you hit me on the head doesn't feel
good drop mommy to do that to you then
don't do that to Lincoln know you've got
eat all the red every single bit of the
red and Lincoln needs another one you
want another one you ate the green and
all I'm gonna find that in your diapy
sour may you spits Oh like a little
knight in shining armor like a dancing
hula girl like a dancing hula boy
Lincoln's look at me standing all by
yourself
yes Boston was like mom Oh mother
Lincoln Lincoln Roy boy
you have a very stained onesie black he
well he didn't walk when he was sure
stand-in there all by himself I feel so
bad for his old booger he knows he's
been sewed really good job easy boy oh
good job we will watch the play-doh Hulk
when it's his nap time okay we're gonna
mop this floor it's dirty
please tell me what you're doing and who
taught you how to do it yeah dad what
did he what are you doing are you
sharpening your pencil with the scissors
dad so dad taught you how to do that huh
pretty nifty layout we've already
watched it and we are gonna do homework
with Cody a work of art but they have to
come to make little squares little ones
right love you boys let me are you gonna
let mommy sleep on the couch promise are
you gonna fight we're gonna go upstairs
and if the movies over you play and we
can put have my set up right here I'm
sorry little boy but if you're gonna
Bowl everything out that we put away you
have to sit there while we clean okay I
want Boston you keep bringing me all the
toys yep Cody's doing the racecar track
and Boston's bringing me all the toys so
I can put them where they go we have a
we have a lot more to do keep working
I'm hearing a lot you can prove it bring
all the toys over here I am sweating I
still haven't done anything with this
apparently this is what I'm gonna look
like when Ellie comes over all right I
know it doesn't matter cuz she's my
sister but it's a date right now she's
gonna come over when you're in bed Joel
got home just in time to put the kids to
bed I have the kids all the way ready
for bed and when he walked in he had
something behind his back he was going
through Farmington and he picked that up
for me Joel that is so sweet of you
that's so nice of you thank you like you
want our catalog it's easier to order
from no because then I would never stop
so can you share those back bothers you
any we didn't get any cabbage I think I
think that sounds like a lot of fun that
is his favorite toy I am so glad he's
playing with this that is his favorite
toy look at him push that car around
where you go yeah no no you see
something okay I miss that was different
he move all move boys I want to watch
the baby do it fast
it's we pushed it now this is favorite
thing and look at the little like guy in
there we're missing one I can't find it
doesn't I make you miss Olivia she ties
up to look at him right look he is he
gets mad watching who watch him he wants
right here Lincoln okay
he likes to put him in there see good
job oh man now I'm not frustrated this
is so exciting it fits you guys don't
touch did you see do you see Cody take
the toy and just kind of move it
Lucien's Milan
Cody kind of move it a little he's ours
oh he do you see that possessive of his
toy but look take this up take him out
of his hand oh I don't think you owe me
yeah yeah I don't think he'll even go
for that Oh where'd it go it was in the
other hand oh okay you boys I can't wait
for Olivia to come home home this
morning
Oh funny anyway well I think we're gonna
say ill don't show that K we are gonna
say good night teeth coming in how we're
gonna say good night anyway say good
night can you boys stop he was waving
look at him looking like he was waving
to everybody Lincoln can you say cry oh
it fell outside that's circular all
right well nobody is going to say good
night so I am saying good night you guys
thank you so much for watching good
night good night good night good night
