good morning you guys it is Monday
morning we spent the night here at my
parents last night and Joel got up this
morning and said I think I'm going to
mow your dad's lawn my dad is really
good at keeping the front lawn mowed but
he likes the back to stay a little bit
longer because it's soft and it's nice
but some of the areas this grass is like
up to here it's so tall it's so thick
anyway so Joel got here mowing the lawn
and you can see such a huge difference
in salon he's a good son-in-law I think
he's the best it's easy I poke his head
out here see there he is
there's the man of the hour how's that
taste
Oh your peaches taste I think that this
would feel any grandma's heart knowing
that our grandkids oh my word knowing
that our grandkids we're making
themselves at home
not making a mess we will clean up to a
tea we are No Trace campers we will
leave it better than we found it this is
an example we're leaving it better than
we found it anyway I didn't even know
Ellie was coming down this way today and
she said hey did you want to go to
Farmington station today and I said I'm
at Mom's house so she's so she made us
halfway here for lunch and anyway my
childhood friend that I grew up with was
across the street today and anyway and
Beverly she made all the kids these
balls because they didn't have any balls
and they were saying hey we need some
balls to play with bouncy house and
there was hoops that was Buell and then
they didn't have muscle so we just made
her she made those didn't she she made
every single one of you and thank you
money and you guys said will you please
make Olivia one and did she make Olivia
one make it that way
you got that peach oh they look
wonderful and hold my dog look I will
not lock but say how do you ask me sure
do you like you taste so so numbers
peaches
yummy yummy peaches the right babies
mm-hmm it's nice and cool outside don't
you love that it's like a little bit
cold I was freezing earlier when we were
having lunch I was freezing it's okay
we're all sharing same yes yeah well
thank you
free sample my oh please hold your ball
he heard me ask Boston to say please
well thank you for being so kind Hey
well that's not kind of a peach I don't
wanna I don't have anything else to say
but I don't want to take the camera off
you cuz I think you look so cute huh
it's all gone
I think you can do you know what it's
called when you ride on the swing like
that horsie mom Halicki yo that's a
beautiful one hi Brian
I'm here yeah oh my word that's a tasty
peach oh you okay oh my goodness let me
see I'm a doctor I can help
are you okay yeah Wow that was pretty
brave okay you'll be sad if you get hurt
on your I he is going so high why don't
you go a little slower so he can eat a
peach you just eat that peach in peace
you filthy filthy baby Lincoln hello
hello hello leaking the money
I'm watching that's that mama to you so
so good
Oh oh my word that was always down to
tree that tree was oh I'm coming to see
you
if everyone's okay Oh baby I can't my
baby if you guys want to see that tree
fall and you'll have to go over and
watch Ellie and Jared's video because I
think uncle Jared was recording I think
he was so while he's recording the
action I'm recording the peach action
yes the peach action is where it's at
when you're gonna start saying mama only
when you're sad she goes yeah has doubly
eyelashes I have no room to talk she
goes what color is your eye red pencil
and then she like tried not okay this
looks a little red being out here in the
Sun I well and I know what you mean
because I've looked to other people's
and I thought all you needed a darker
eyebrow pencil and so I think I need to
go test that's like can you see it in
the posture a little bit yeah a little
bit I was so shy here in the light it's
pretty okay well thank you for being
honest you're welcome
honesty is the best policy nice and
you're honest I like eyebrows
yeah at least you didn't get on my
youtube channel and say yeah what I
represent were small I need to wear a
diaper darker eyebrow color Thank You
Joel is out here testing the brakes to
the trailer
I need to see you boys your faces well
these are the old lights these are the
new lights we'll see if they work I just
things things that truly don't matter I
try to just let the kids do like getting
really dirty in a trailer is something I
will allow them to do Cody come here I
want you to come sit by Boston come here
comes to buy them because I need to see
I need to see your faces that's a dirty
face let me see it's a pretty dirty face
that's a pretty dirty face let me see
your hands what are you saying is your
hands always I was cutting really good
hariya was that hard work yes lots of
hard work cutting all those branches
Jackson was in here helping yeah yeah
and I'm trying make them teeny so they
won't fall oh nice whoa Wow whoa
I make one heating mmm had to yell a few
times because they were sticking grass
on the ground we didn't work all day to
put in the trailer for you boys to throw
it on the floor that was a big no-no yes
just go ahead a signal here you hold the
baby I will see if the lights work hey
baby just push the pedal what do they
work I just need to see these boys from
head just I did not tell him to do that
PS grassy dirty monkey do you think it's
time to get in the bathtub
yep I think it's heavy I think it's time
to get in the bathtub too don't you dare
mmm you think you're pretty dang funny
don't you he's been doing oh don't take
that from here oh look they're letting
me have it let him hold it here we go
can't take it from baby say how rude
here's her rude it was inevitable dad
was gonna find out that we were sleeping
at his house while they were gone he
just text us and said why is the nest
app not working correctly why isn't my
nest working dang yo why can't I just
crash his house in peace I told you I
said we can't even mess with a
thermostat we didn't even touch it
because this we're walking past it let's
turn it on like wait a minute you're not
supposed to be home
sorry old man I just want to sleep at
your house in peace
to do by bigger
Boston just couldn't make it poor little
thing just was all tuckered out I get
quite worked hard played hard worked
hard worked hard I don't I don't know
what I worked hard you played hard
that's it that's it you know I did guys
I guys I worked my butt off literally
and I have him he worked his butt off
thank you guys so much for watching
we're gonna call it a night because the
second week at home kids are going to
bed I'll enter this video and then we'll
probably go to bed so anyway thank you
guys so much for watching see you next
video bye guys O'Hara teaching my lashes
off Bonnie that's really weird in this
scene but she did in a minute ago I
don't get home I don't like do this game
okay bye guys oh my god
