I know you're Superman can we please get
you to Jimmy's your clothes I'm trying
to get Lincoln ready to go over to the
Super Bowl we're going over to Ali's
house and he is being a hyper little
thing
he's like acting them so calm right now
and you super me daddy doesn't really
like these pants I do you look like
you've got a full diaper in those pants
good morning you guys
I made a post yesterday on Instagram
saying that I was not ready for Monday
and I'm not I'm not ready for a full
work week huh at all and it's funny it's
like parents are very intuitive my dad
called me this morning and he just
wanted to kind of touch base with me see
how things were going
talk about few things about the cookbook
making sure that we were on like
deadlines and things which we are and
basically he's just like you need to
relax you need to not be so uptight with
things because I do have a very high
tendency to do that I get very uptight
and high-strung about things and so I'm
just taking you can tell I've been on
the phone with my dad my eyes are red my
lips are a little swollen from crying
and crying only in a good way I think
you guys like when I'm vulnerable
because it shows that I'm just like a
real person and I think that sometimes
it's really hard for me to share like
this but I think it's also really hard
for people just to see us happy and
playing with kids and I don't want to
say it's unrealistic to be that way
because we are that way we have a lot of
fun and we laugh a lot but we are just
humans and we have relationship
struggles we have heart-to-heart
conversations with our dads and I don't
know I think we're all just trying to
have fun is that a cool word to use
right now I told my dad I said sometimes
I feel a little bipolar because I think
everything is so funny and I'm really
like laid-back and we had and I like to
have a lot of fun but in that exact same
breath I am so anal I am so uptight
I am so picky it's like what like I'm
miserable I can't keep this
I'm gonna read you my to-do list today
okay so I need to go buy a piano book
for Olivia and I need to write her piano
teacher check I need to make a lashe
appointment and a nail appointment I
have to sit down and do emails there's
three contracts that I need to read and
sign and those just take I need to call
my good friend Natalie Norton I need to
make sure that there's Oh Ellie and I
did a beauty video together and so I
want to call and make sure that I know
who's editing it so that it's up and
ready for you guys on time I have an
appointment today I'm gonna tell you
what I need to order another juice
cleanse mm-hmm okay let's just work guys
let's just hustle okay I pounded for a
few minutes this morning I got a little
bit of my work done and I am feeling so
much better but I came out and I saw
Lincoln on his little bike in a snow
suit with no snow on the crack and it
just made me laugh oh that just made me
laugh
well dad has all the bikes put away I
don't think we're ready to get all the
bikes out yet oh you whiny little boy
I'm sure every mom out there would agree
that four year old boys whine when they
talk and they don't know how not to
whine did you fall down I love you
Lincoln hey I didn't say I love it to
you to you he's like yeah right I know
you love me
all wrapped up in a snow suit with no
snow it's funny will you run out there
and push Lincoln he can't move in his
bike where you were and push him
hey you pedal and he'll push go go go go
go
Oh makers help him out
I'm not sure what he's Boston has been
wearing his CTR a non-stop and I think
that's so sweet how many of you lost
eyelash - what does your CT re mean
right choose the right I have a family
member on my dad's side that is Catholic
and so they think or they say that the
CTR ring stands for Catholics totally
rule so I kind of love that I always
think about that Catholics totally rule
and choose the right that's what your
seats yarning stands for right what kind
of things do you do that mean to choose
the right I'd be nice to Lincoln be nice
to Kody yes and that's something that
we're working really hard on huh is
Boston being a happy nice boy it's okay
to be upset and it's okay to pout and
cry and whine but we just need to also
try to be happy and nice right Boston we
got a parking spot on Main Street can
you jump over that here hold my hand no
you want to do it all by yourself do it
you got a spot right in front of our
store the book table Hey look they still
cooperate that's awesome
you need to find the book John
Thompson's modern course for the piano
hey that is the piano that Lincoln has
her toys here I guess I forgot I
seriously want to get this to go along
with his piano Joel would probably not
let that fly but I would like it
hello
my gosh this is a cute ass area watch my
leg oh my gosh that's so cool oh it's a
little doghouse okay that is awesome
Ellie's here no that's what I want like
I'm like following me around because I
want to show you these things okay I got
a package in the mail from journey five
I've gotten a few things from them and
everyone's always like where did you get
that dress I've got a black dress that I
think Julie every time you guys get
stuff so I wanted to have like a
Valentine's Day dress here is their
Valentine's Ranger there's just a little
jealous right now
freaking female rapper this is Q I'm
excited for you it's hard when you're
pregnant you're always no matter what
well I have to go buy new underwear
today I'm a crew of mine I'm like and
frothy frothy frothy okay this is the
top and I thought that the detail on the
sleeve I love bell sleeves so there's
that top that we got yeah and I'm
obsessed with the dresses this style of
dress I feel like is flattering on me so
oh and then if I don't wear the dress on
Valentine's Day
I'm definitely oh I'm like Scalia the
camera I'm definitely gonna wear this I
wear a size large in everything but this
is an extra large and fits just fine
oh one last one sorry mm-hmm isn't that
cute it's just really so okay that's my
like mini haul you look beautiful so fun
I don't usually do my own hair not
because I can't because I can because
what better way to start my day then
they let my wife get really close to me
do my hair it's a job and then I get to
talk with her and smell her and see her
and smell her honey always sounds good
so when I don't have to do my own hair
really kind of enjoy it
but when I do do my own hair I think I
do an okay job it used to be pretty bad
I used to have no clue what I was doing
now after I've learned how to use a lot
more product than I probably me I
figured out I can at least get somewhat
of the job done little guy stand up on
my legs they've got I feel like my tears
are just just waiting oh that looks
really bad I need like a little bit more
volume right here I think that's the
right word follow humans are a lot more
distance never enough hair to break hey
that's not too bad not too good is that
how I look on camera that's ridiculous
your dog is bleeding well what did you
do to your doggy hey you cut it why did
you do that my god his insides are
falling out I am NOT happy that you cut
your doggy the doggy is sad and mommy's
sad look at your poor doggies insides
your doggy is broken
do you think we can fix it you think
we'll be able to fix his doggy won't be
the first time it will not be the first
time we've stitched it up but it will be
the first time we're stitching baby
stitches Ellie had a ball of this suit
earlier today and she's like it doesn't
taste the same as yesterday and even
just the way it looks
the pan I don't know anyway so it tastes
really good yesterday I taste it just
now tell me what you think of this if it
tastes good or if it tastes different
than normal it tastes fine like being
part the aftertaste is terrible right
come taste this and tell me what you
think of it it's not too hot no tasting
you got Joey you got a bit you didn't
jump taste it and sue you think here's
to be honest taste pump it tastes like
feet so it's sat out after the Super
Bowl party but I brought it to Elias I
liked before t 5 we got the Ellie's it
stayed out until 8:30 when we got home
something like that I think that it went
bad I think it went bad yeah I presume
well he's not bad like this yesterday I
tried it twice so on your way to get
stuffing maybe bring home from dinner
for the Coons or what should I do
what should we do we'll figure something
out it literally smells like throw-up
going down the garbage disposal
oh my gosh great so I've set up my
puppy-dog triage center I've got some
batting because we're gonna fluff him up
a little bit and I've got my red thread
scissors and the curved needle I'm ready
to do some stitches Shh it in there
I want Lincoln to be able to lay his
head on him and enjoy it so I think
that's about all the padding I miss
effective
you know really what I was dealing with
a clean laceration cleaning to the cut
the easier it goes back together while I
finish all of these stitches with a
hundred or so but it's gonna take I'll
let you guys go if you guys liked the
video give it a thumbs up if you're
concerned about the health and
well-being of doggy here comment down
below and we will see you guys tomorrow
from be frumpy frumpy
