oh thanks Boston for feeding linking we
are gonna have some breakfast and we're
gonna go four-wheeling we're gonna take
the boys for wheeling and me I haven't
been afore wheeling and I don't know how
long a couple years and just cuz I don't
really like to go that's kind of what
Joel does what yes we went to Grandma's
yesterday and we dropped Olivia off at
my mom's and my mom is taking Olivia her
cousin will eventually up to my sister's
house in Missouri to visit her cousin
Emma and super important look hold on
look look and I am not really making fun
today unless I feel like it which are
probably well I'll kill the lights
please
she's so fun I feel so adventurous I
don't know daddy I'll have a helmet for
me though is Daddy teaching you how to
hook up the trailer head mine hook it up
let's go we gotta get the trailer out of
the shop you know hey what can I do to
help even if you yes you can dad move
your car seats yeah look go stay what
can I do to help
Brenda
all the trailers even if you're not
really that helpful you say what can I
do to help
I'm on the corner
oh you do
I love these sakis on Lincoln - yeah
these kids better these boys better
learn how to hitch up the trailer
because I still have a hard time I'm
like now why do we do I'm over here
getting the kids as goggles and I'm so
sad Olivia's I hear
you got your goggles in there you
already have to hit plate burger diner
why should you you're gonna bless you
yeah I don't think they have toilet
paper you know what you do if you get
boogies all over that's what you do we
help you all right okay get your seat
belt line let me go look you give it
what you got let's see you got your
spoon show me show me how it works can
you pick up a rock let me see
we'll shoot it
you can give me a hug that's all there
yes don't go over and see it we're going
anyway well we took a very leisure slow
ride up here go on let's see it oh wow
do one more let me see one more you know
how to work it
hey let's see hey coffee I'd sure want
to marry you
you got it okay let's see it
hi you pretty cool it's pretty cool
oh man there all the way up there they
walked all the way up there you ready
what you waiting on finding perfect
swing rocks
I never thought that I would be like a
good mom to boys and I kind of like I'm
kind of digging the like being a mom to
boys thing it's busted doesn't wanna
come over here
he's like acting like a little pansy
are you kidding me I wish you guys could
feel what I'm feeling like we're not
getting wet but if it's cold and you can
feel like a cold mist this is pretty
incredible
yes if we didn't have kids I'd make you
strip and jump in there with me
I know I just don't like to take the
camera off of it because I love it so
much it's beautiful
remember
and it was my dad
I think I went on the most of all my
sisters that and that was probably the
best time of my life
like when you talk about like your
favorite memories that was my favorite
that was one of my favorite memories
going camping with my dad and going to
my grandma's
anyway they had a polar bear and they
would they have hold the agile Springs
again oh my god and I always did them
and I have there was amazing yeah wait
be a Papa when you're in it but when you
get out you're like that felt so good
yeah this is fun this feels good we
worked really hard all week like we work
we put in a full week of work and we're
done yeah we did I don't know we've just
done so much with the house and I just
feel like this feels good to be out here
even kind of see the colors are starting
to change in the mountains looks pretty
whoo the boys are happy they hope well
as you say I hope Olivia's happy there's
no doubt she's happy like yeah she's
having the time of her life
gram I rented a whole are not rented got
a bought a whole bunch of the older
movies and there's a DVD player in the
truck and so they're gonna watch movies
and play American Girl dogs the whole 13
hours to Missouri
break it already Oh you break your spoon
you know what I bet you can still use it
try it try to do it with just this spoon
part
throwing is a good thing
job yeah honey the slingshots even
harder
pick up your spoon and see if you can do
it with just the spoon pilot you see the
little bit of water coming down here
it's kind of fun isn't it my goodness
I can't think of anything better than
this you want the slingshot here let me
see if I can help you use just the spin
part come here come on it's kind of
steep
let's see Boston you're back got a
little sprinkled from the waterfall huh
sewed your pants oh I feel so bad I hope
you don't get like cold hypothermia sets
in bad and in the middle of September
well are you boys glad we came
cleared our Saturday Labor Day weekend
I didn't even realize it was Labor Day
weekend is that just a United State
thing I think so I think it is why do we
celebrate it what is it celebrate our
Labor's in our country I guess Pharrell
you don't know it's like if I could just
don't work holiday for this doesn't
shoot this is the shell and all the
little babies are in there and see how
that unfold
yeah they said pick them up on big camp
that's a big rock is that too heavy for
you is it too heavy for the Hulk
Oh be careful you look at me look at me
you don't want to hit anyone with them
don't throw them by code you go throw
him over the side he's just about
clocked Cody I missed it as Cody was
climbing up this little rock hill he has
a slingshot in his hand and he would
tuck the slingshot up about a foot and
then he would walk to it she watch yep
but he's trying to get up this hill now
he would throw it in front of him and
then he'd crawl to it and then he'd
throw it in front of him and he'd crawl
to it it might not look like that steep
of a hill but it was even hard for Joel
to get up that hill
he's such a brave he was the second we
pulled up here he was like dad we're
gonna climb up that we're gonna climb up
that got him by the back of the pants
come on Davy Crockett get up there as
for you and me we'll just sit down here
eating our peanut butter M&Ms how about
that
Cody's cleaned the heck up there wanting
to steal over there and I'm yelling at
Joel telling him not to do it
toady yells Johnny said mom okay is it
time to come down
okay
what are you thinking about hmm you're
just thinking about nothing huh you're
thinking about how Cody climbs up there
are you nervous yeah
you know what I think they're climbing
down right now
were you scared up there or yes for you
are you serious
if you're boston there's one for you too
look how hold on let's see how pretty
these are okay Cody hey okay Cody thanks
for thinking about me while you were up
there were you a little nervous I was a
little I was a little I was a little
nervous though no this is good like I'm
just how to like a wall Lincoln you did
sure good if that's one thing I would do
differently I would not have allowed you
to take him yep that's yeah I didn't
love him yeah you were working pretty
hard at there weren't Jeff yep I know
you were you were working really hard
and you were safe and now you're just
enjoying a little snacky aren't ya well
you guys the other day we forgot to
close our vlog that doesn't happen very
often
I don't usually forget but I totally
forgot until I was laying in bed so it's
Sunday night we are spending the night
at Grandma's even though she's in
Missouri with Olivia you boys are gonna
sleep in this cute room next door yep
you're gonna sleep in the purple room do
you know that was my room over there
you're asleep in my old room yep yep
okay can you guys say good night to
everybody okay bye good night and you're
not going
get much from Boston he is not in a very
good mood so we'll see you guys in our
next video bye guys stop yeah
