good one say good morning yes yes Jess
Jess I just got back from my run which I
underestimated the heat outside I think
there's a storm coming in a heat wave
because it was so hot running I was
dying of heat but this morning we are
all going to get dressed up and ready
oh and choke and we're going to go see
my dad over at his work and visit him
for lunch does that sometimes go see
grandpa homie yeah no see that spider
code yeah you're gonna get it we didn't
even care did you give it yeah go flush
it down the toilet my word long spider
Cody you didn't even flinch good job
doing your cowboy boots gave you enough
energy to do that I'm so sick of these
spiders we like you hope you're not
pulling your weight killing spiders
around here coupon spider hmm okay I am
here at meters we are picking up a
surprise lunch for my dad for the very
last time he's retiring after 33 years
so I wanted to go say hi to him and take
him lunch and bring him some good stuff
can I just tell you guys how sweet Joel
is I know that you guys know he's sweet
but he is so sweet this morning where
did you take a vac downstairs for the
better
why did you do shower upstairs while
you're doing your makeup you two hot
sweaty
every time I'm in the bathroom trying to
get ready and he comes in and showers it
gets steamy and it gets hot and I am
naturally very hot like I sweat so
easily
well I mean to be fair wherever this
goes no steam girls must team goes yeah
Lincoln just stared at me like are you
doing dad it's so good we don't have a
shower curtain downstairs so you took a
bath
first never Lincoln in there and he just
kept like I thought he'd be screaming to
get in you know he just just was like oh
this is what Dad does dad's taking the
back loading around in the bathtub
Boston Wade you get out of that car
hey grandpas looking for you let's go
nuts let's go come see grandpa's work
this guy's is new course still that's my
dad you know him but this new course
deal this building is huge that one
section of building my dad always says
it's 27 acres I went straight to give
him a hug now he goes back to mom
there's 27 acres under roof of Steel
making it I don't know if you guys know
but nuclear still is pretty cool they
they take old scrap and then they melt
it down and recast it as new steel so
it's like not mining new steel it's all
at least this plant is all recycled so
it's a big environmental friendly thing
and they make a lot of steel my dad's
been here for 33 years now 34 and a half
oh my gosh how the years just keeps
slipping by thirty four and a half years
and this little office when I was a
little boy I came into this office with
my mom to have lunch with dad and we
just walked in the same
oh yeah we brought Olivia Cody that was
I actually tempt out here for a while
and we brought Olivia in Cody here and
had lunch
my dad is his last day is tomorrow and
so poor guy hey they're giving him the
boot early he's you may know he's been
retired for a while and so they cleared
his office out to get it ready for the
next guys and poor guy but I gotta say
this I gotta tell my my dad's boss thank
you because my dad got a really cool
opportunity his last like six months of
work
my dad's boss said you need to go visit
these clients you've been working with
for 34 and a half years so my dad's been
on the road not necessarily his usual
road trips of moving steel and selling
it whatnot his trips were to go visit
clients and visit these people that he's
had a career with and I think it's
pretty cool this is just this is just
new core steel coolest company ever and
I don't know if you know this but Nucor
steel is the reason like me and all my
brothers at the college and I've done so
many things is because of this company
the same thing
oh that's awesome
that's good to know for Joel's back
well I if my back ever starts aching
it's generally because I haven't been
working out well this is definitely not
your last trip out the door yeah that's
my last trip out that door I think you
Mets that's a weird feeling weird
feeling that and you saw my life for 30
years
that is what raised us that's what built
our little house huh oh well that's not
as bad as I was thinking Jose
Augustine's Lincoln's forehead never
give it to me year old okay let me see
just a little bit
I'm sure Boston was just seeing what he
could get away with them see your legs
mr. Hulk
those look like whole place I bet in his
mind he can see the likes lines
definitions of muscles and that's what
he was let me say he thinks he has pen
all over him I'm here getting a pedicure
and she's rubbing like a pumpkin mask on
my leg this is a special occasion
because this is my friend Carissa down
there this is grandma in the middle
she's she's putting up with us Dean
Loudon here know me I like it calm and
quiet she's really good to listen to
this laughs but this is my friend
Carissa from high school hey see you
know so I told you everyone gets on
camera and they say hi I said do you
want to be on film and she said I don't
care but sometimes I act like a little
awkward she's a twin no a triplet a
triplet and yeah see these guys didn't
know that she was a brother Kyle and
then her sister is Kaylee
Kaleigh was gonna come she was stuck at
work kinda stinky but anyway we're here
and we're getting pedicures and we're
just kind of catching up and I hope
we're not driving you crazy by like
laughing so much not at all enjoy it a
lot
oh good okay good for free does like I'm
fun these little drinks either they
brother the colors is called yank my
doodle um how awesome is it that my
toenails match my back I didn't realize
that they did that's awesome oh that is
so cute thank you
oh good thank you got my the salon story
in Kansas City Krista you are so brave
she literally just cut things like she's
all we should do beings and then so they
cut things you want band man oh it looks
so good everyone that's walked by is
like oh my gosh look at your friends
hair looks so good
bump it please that's what the girl
asked me Candace do you want to bump
your hair like what does a teen um yes
please looks really good I just walked
in the door from my night with Carissa
and Jill and I are sitting on the floor
and we're kind of like telling each
other about our night and we have a lot
to tell each other mmm tell me about
your night I'm so mad you didn't have
the camera we're probably a good thing
but I did the traffic was so bad tonight
opening night for the Aggies and we got
rear-ended I was coming ended what I'm
glad though is cuz we was in the
suburban I had all four kids luckily
they were cenotes everybody's in the car
seats everything is previous thing but I
had the trailer on luckily and so the
trailer took the accident I know I'm
like so ever to get hurt not get her in
the trailer really did get when we were
driving to the four-wheeler shop yeah we
we came upon another accident and I guy
had had crashed on his motorcycle he
wasn't wearing a helmet and the
ambulance nobody was even there yet but
we like were right at the intersection
there's a million cars and there were
people like holding on but he was
conscious he was sitting up but yeah red
blood you know just look pretty rough
and Olivia could see and I was trying to
distract him you know we couldn't move
traffic was stopped and I was talking to
Olivia we got to the four wheeler shop
and Olivia said we need to stop and say
a little prayer for that guy and I
thought I thought oh we'll do that
tonight um let me say family prayer but
I just felt like no this is all this is
heavy on Olivia she's really worried
about it so we just we we got I had
Lincoln on my chest and we got out
before we even went into the foiler
shopping we just stood in a circle and
said a little prayer for him are you
serious
who said that me oh that was so sweet
and then we got an accident and then
they got the accident that's crazy how I
no one was injured though I don't think
kids really even felt it I just felt it
was like so my dragon her well no I
don't feel like telling mine I'm like I
was at the salon and I got pedicures and
her hair done I just really wanted to go
out with my friend she has been through
a lot in her life and I just wanted to
reconnect with her and enjoy I wanted
her to have some time out and the
byproduct of that was me having some
time now well I have if it was for
anybody else but this was my junior prom
date funny she went to junior prom with
Karissa and he always regretted not
kissing her so the second we got home
from dinner tonight I was like I'm gonna
have an accident if I don't go straight
to the bathroom so see ya and I'm like
Joel walk Chris out to the car I'm like
don't kiss her obviously not but we were
just receiving a big hug
oh good I love I love that family I love
them I love them oh the one thing that
Chris and I were talking about was how
because she watches other people's blogs
and she's like sometimes I feel sad when
I get done watching all the positivity
in vlogs and it's hard because we want
to show the Good Witch the good that we
show you is the good that we have but I
know what she means like watching other
people's instagrams and all that all the
positivity all the time it almost makes
you feel sad because either you don't
have it you want it or you just I I
don't know and curse the whole time at
dinner when we were talking we were just
talking about like the crap that goes on
and it's like everybody deals with it
there's not a couple that doesn't Joel
and I fight probably more than any any
couple in my entire family we fight and
we assign them but the thing is we
assassinate because we don't know how
cuz we act but that's the thing is like
every couple everybody has their
problems everybody has their issues
everybody has their struggles and you
don't necessarily want to dwell on the
negative but you have to be aware that
nobody's life is perfect
nobody's well and not even just perfect
but like there are problems in
everyone's life and if you think there
aren't that's just kidding naive yeah so
regardless of the good and the bad
we're gonna highlight the positive pause
this out so thank you guys for watching
I hope this end part wasn't too boring
so sitting here talking but this is it
this is like our life so we don't have a
table to sit at so yeah and we don't
have a table so stop judging us the
table will be here in three to six weeks
okay 360 it was funny and I
I'm eating on the floor I've loved you
ting on the floor it's humbling
especially with linkback does it come
crawl up on you just get right in your
face little boy we're off is more cycle
then please call me when you saw that
with Daddy
yeah I'm sorry we woke you up honey
we're down here looking at old pictures
in the middle of children's bedtime this
is a picture of Joel and Carissa what
was this junior prom oh I love it okay
so that right there that is Kaylee and
there's Carissa next to her they are
triplets they have a brother that has
special needs and this is a picture of
me and Joel at senior cotillion
look at her cute little faces look how
skinny we were Joel and how perky we
were hmm well before we wake everybody
up
I'm sure they'll go back to sleep come
on Olivia good night sweet boy I'll see
you in the morning
