I want to share with you how would you
run this running very tired it's not
something cool I saw I don't know if it
was a shooting star whether it streaked
across the sky and then it just like
fragmented off like just look like an
explosion it's pretty cool lookin
awesome
maybe we're under attack the guys are
coming to finish doing this this morning
and then it'll be a hundred percent done
and I won't have any more people coming
into the yard the yard into our house
and we'll be done except Cherie Tom what
happened with our concrete no we'll tell
them later
yeah see put one of the lamps on the
piano so I can see about where I want
them here to be ooh are you a happy baby
hey are you looking at are you happy
Vivi he isn't happy look at him ahh
separation Hey
way higher than that I would say a
little hot you know what I think
maybe have the bottom your goodies walk
right through yes that's kind of what I
was thinking yes yeah maybe a hair lower
like okay I'm gonna come to inches off
this nice geez hmm maybe one inch not
too this isn't yeah yeah I like that
yay yes yes hey you don't got to get mad
I'm not going to let you have it okay I
know I am NOT alone in this embarrassing
story so I'm going to tell you this
while Joel is putting the mirror up so I
upstairs getting ready Joel's downstairs
giving the kids dressed and I had to go
check my email real quick cuz I'm
waiting on me mail and I was looking
upon and then I got looking at Instagram
and the whole time I was like I know I
should be helping Joel I know I should
be helping John for the dude that got
all I just listened for him got wrapped
up in what I was heard Joe like walking
through the kitchen I seriously was like
oh I tried to play it off cool like I
walked out like I wasn't doing anything
and like I was busy and he didn't do it
say I don't think you know did you
notice until I hate so he did not notice
I should kept my cool anyway I was just
like I'm sorry I was on Instagram is
Instagram no I was the instagramming
that would have been considered maybe
work but no anyway it was leisure time
uh I was pretty embarrassed it was funny
he was always really nice about it show
me on yes Wade this is like right above
the kidneys kidneys oh that is your
Center what it told you not to eat this
tree mean mom don't want to see is we
actually is all don't even have it don't
let anyone open it over to myself don't
anyone be bit I know have you had this
one
and you don't get any hey why are you so
cute Oh Debbie haha yes you don't get
any oh well I was hoping for cuter
reaction no cuter matter don't yours you
know how much I liked you so much all
right Cody
you better run that out and share it
with Boston it looks like he needs a
little something out there hmm
Boston please put your sucker down joel
is off doing his thing this afternoon
and we just got back from the grocery
store
I got a rotisserie chicken because I
could use my kitchen really today and so
I'm shredding up some chicken into a
Tupperware Lincoln he's right here in
the corner he's working on an apple you
choking no okay
he's working on an apple and so this is
what we're gonna do right Boston you
showing him your sucker you got from the
bank went and cashed some checks and
deposited some stuff at the bank flight
sector and Pete he was mad sure sure
where's your uh rapper he picked a green
sucker the rapper was green in the
actual sucker is white
very much oh that's sticker oh you're
showing them a different note take the
sticker off the lens thank you I know
there's like a million credit chicken I
just can't think of any of the moment
I'm not in my cooking routine things is
really hard walking my treat aisle today
and all I wanted to do was buy some
pasta and it was like it was painful it
was painful I know I show this a million
times in my vlogs but it's just my
favorite part of the day like through
the summer life has just been so hectic
and so we grab crackers I love nap time
Lincoln's down for a nap the kids are at
school and me and Boston are going to
have quiet time nap time to ourselves on
my bed yeah you don't want to do that
what do you want to do watch a movie al
look you want to watch play dough hook
and have some snack yeah okay well then
that is exactly what we are going to do
and you know what I have gone through
ever since Olivia was a baby my routines
always change but I just find like we
always do better when we have a little
bit of downtime in the afternoon
yep that's your cracker I do better like
Joel as a home as much anymore no the
remodel is coming to an end it's just
it's very nice to get back into some
routines around here huh grandpa do you
like that huh why look Hulk
now you're just being silly
should we tell them our bad news about
the concrete I'll remind myself no I am
I swear like I almost felt so guilty
telling the guy who did it because he
did really a nice job the guy that did
her concrete was is really good and he's
very talented
he left this portion for his workers to
do and he told his workers yeah I know I
don't even watch show on he told his
workers to have was it an inch and a
half
you need a 1% slope yeah away so to
slope away from the house they did it
sloping to the house I noticed it the
second I saw it oh well like the second
sprinklers neighbour sprinklers turn on
I started seeing water puddle as well
and then the sprinklers turned on and
that's when we noticed it and you can
see like if you look down here at the
shadows you can see the water marks on
the water just petals up against the
house and he's like so we showed him and
he said a few choice words he just was
just distraught about it because he came
to drop off the bill and we're like okay
you know we want to take care of
everything we're asked him what we do
about it and he's like well I'll make it
right that was a cool part it seems like
I'll make it right yep so I told him I
said I can't handle like I can't handle
any more construction and so I was like
next spring I was like we'll go through
the winter with it I was like a hen you
can fix the concrete he may do it this
spring like this before the winter
depending on what his schedule gonna do
I don't really know any ones you're very
good about yeah he was sober very
suburban he doesn't say like he said
book bends book ban hi handsome
he doesn't snore at all anymore he does
not snore at all and he used to be such
a snorer mm-hmm
I don't know who I think is more cute
Lincoln or Olivia Hey he loves that it's
like supposed to be making the baby
laugh and I'm like well grasshopper
Polly catches me whatever you want
did you go grab a jar nope oh there
jumped out of the yard Boston came in
yelling he said mom get my work clothes
really Oh hazel
I gotta help dad work out there yeah it
is dude how difficult it is to get your
son's gloves on not easy buddy nobody
but like he refuses to do this did you
get it
yep Lucas all right now go get you I
wanna see it put it drop it in right
come here I want to see it what's still
you're moving so much
teamwork teamwork hey gosh I've never
had a boss Harper Harper once we have
God you get it okay they awful this way
right there Skinner grasshoppers just
maybe you're scared of everything you
got it
you did it Cody got a guy on your guy
now we can keep him good job no sure
do you think of that flipper
yeah the dolphin is yeah thanks me
George the grasshopper yours the
grasshopper Jerry yeah kind of like Gary
awesome well you guys we have piano
lessons Olivia and I are two piano
lessons and we're giving our old love
seat to Joel's brother so he's going to
go give that to him so I think we're
gonna call it a night
and because directly after that the most
important time of the whole day I'm
going over to Ellie's and we're gonna
watch bachelor in paradise
she actually almost paradise to do the
deity
okay yeah thank you guys thank you guys
for watching we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye guys
