okay the guys came this morning and they
got this all the way crowded so it's
still wet but this fireplace is a
hundred percent done now they just need
to clean it once the grout is done and
they just got everything set up the
counters all cover cover the counters
all covered and they're gonna do the
backsplash in here and then my house is
done you guys done so we're just they've
got these tiles here these are subway
tiles they're white and they've got like
a little bit of a groove to them they're
not all the way flat anyway I didn't
want to go with shiny but that's what
they had in stock so that's what we're
going with we've been down here all
morning and I don't know if you guys
experiences with your kids
but when you're playing they just scream
and fight and get mad anyway let's see
if it works go go go Oh almost do it one
more time I bet you can do it this time
it's cuz the pillows aren't there told
you to put the pillows there
what peel the pillows under the middle
part it's okay try it one more time and
Lincoln has been destroying everything
this whole time yeah you oh hey you ruin
everything you ruin everything
you're such a giant little baby are you
trying to hit him see your big giant
diaper butt is in the way okay go ahead
I have the giant baby contain oh we did
a good job card Kody good job you want
to try that one hey why do you still
have a scowl on your face if it made it
why are you selling hmm oh it would have
made it had the giant diaper but not
knocked up over Eddie uh okay Cody
taught me this new trick if you put it
with your thumb you do it like
this like that oh not strong enough I
start one do it get it good job yeah
Lincoln Roy
you cannot ruin ever what are you doing
what you think you're doing
well you just ruined everything
big giant baby ruins everything and now
you're stuck are you stuck
did you already stuck look at his pouty
face he's like when I wasn't fun Oh
boo-boo
that's part of playing yes yeah are you
stepping on toys does that really work
you and you step on toys do you see this
oh yeah you my dear carry ones is Apple
you have 16 it is no secret that we have
been wanting to eat a little more
healthy around here since we've been
doing the remodel and eating out
breakfast lunch and dinner we're done
and I told you all my goal is to just
not eat out anymore I just want to eat
healthy we all know what a sugar Fein
Boston is and we need to change that all
the kids they're used to having treats
as snaps and I really want to get in
them in the habit of having like fruit
for a sec and myself myself
big time no more doughnuts for breakfast
or lunch and dinner it's like okay good
foods healthy foods right now as a
transition period for our little Lincoln
because he's gonna be going he's going
to be having whole milk and I don't know
it's up don't wouldn't you agree that
anytime we transition the kids from
their formula to whole milk it's always
like a little bit of
battle with them in their diaper
situations they always get backed up
there was Rebecca why it changes and
it's miserable for me it's miserable for
them and so they're over there trying to
get a fly so I've been on the hunt for
something that's going to keep the kids
regular and also something that's going
to balance out the bacteria in their
digestive tracts so I am working with
culturelle
this is cultural kids regularity gentle
go formula it restores regularity and
keeps digestive systems running smoothly
this product is gluten dairy and
sugar-free which I think a lot of people
find important so these are how the
packets come and they are a flavorless
packet and they contain as many dietary
fibers as as5 prunes I propose my kids
don't eat five prints any day so you can
either sprinkle it into cold foods or
you can do it in two drinks my favorite
way to do it is um just putting it into
some juice I'm not going to give Lincoln
very much because I actually haven't
given Lincoln any I've been giving this
to the other kids I'm quite a bit and I
feel like it's been doing its job the
kids have been doing their job it's up
and you can give this is for children 1
to 6 they take one packet daily children
7 to 12 they take one packet twice a day
so I just pour it into a juice and I
shake it up and that's how Boston has
his when I first started doing these I
was like oh it's not mixing and it was
like so chunky but if you give you got
to give it a minute to dissolve into
their drink and then it's just fine so
that one's for you and I like because he
doesn't even know he knew there's
something anything I'm not drinking it
and that one's for you mister it's for
you
Public Enemies like yes please guts are
so cute they do have other products so
I'll make sure to leave their website
listed
the description mark if you would prefer
to run to the grocery store I know they
haven't all the major retailers like
Walmart Target CBS CBS yes
CVS I want to say CVX and and like ride
Aven Oh Lincoln anyway the major
retailer stores they have them located
at oh okay that's why we don't go with
the cheap um that's why we don't go with
the cheap sippy cups that is going in
the garbage that never would have
happened with his Oh clean it up it's
underneath me serious again this is new
Lincoln this is why you don't have nice
things with children where you think hey
have you been waiting all morning for
this hey there you go you can play with
it on the kitchen floor I had a huge
response when I asked you guys who paid
for the supplies and kids of classrooms
and it was super i opening so the
chickens living in cody are home from
school and we are going to go through
all of the things that we got for their
teachers so um in kindergarten it was
requested that they needed snacks so we
got um
pretzels and crew snacks and then for
Olivia and Cody's classroom we got
cleaning supplies and this is just a few
of the things that was on their list
like each classroom needed post-it notes
there is a specific type of pencil that
the classroom wanted erasers certain
types of erase markers sheet protectors
and then um some more snacks and then
they requested um
packing tape packing tape and a bunch of
Ziploc bags for both of the classrooms
do your teacher will like those devil
old ego food slips oh they're kind of
like fruit snacks yeah so I need
tomorrow after school I can eat one yes
you can anyway it may be it made me feel
really sad that teachers spent so much
money out of their pockets so I'm going
to come to this school with the kids
when they drop these off and I'm gonna
maybe talk to the teachers and see what
they need so if you guys can see when
your teachers need to see the classrooms
need and maybe help he'll donate a
little bit guy it you don't know got
pencils but they are a fruit snack made
eggs and but one thing I need to tell
you like a last week if I had I got a do
paint you did nice it might not be the
same everywhere but I just I don't know
I've always appreciated the kids as
teachers and I feel like they do so much
for the kids like we really do trust our
teachers with a lot like with our kids
all day I just feel like it might be
important to help them out a little bit
so Olivia why don't you grab your
backpack where'd you go where'd you go
will you grab your backpack and we're
gonna do some homework I don't want you
to grab your backpack even if there's no
homework we're just gonna get in the
routine of doing things we have had a
very hard time getting in a new
nighttime routine oh hello tummy I'll
just move away from there
um we've had a hot Wars backpack it
might be outside I thought I saw it
outside I'll leave it go out the front
door yeah we just had a hard time
getting into a new routine I think what
we want to do what time is it right now
let's see it is five o'clock I think
what I'd like to do is dinner from five
to six with the family and then at six
o'clock homework until like 6:45 then
the kids can go to bed Olivia can
practice the piano I think that's what
we're going to do it's a good routine
and then she can go to bed that way the
kids are still in bed by a good time
like 7:00 a lot of people have wondered
what time we put our kids to bed yes we
put our kids to bed at 7:00 it's going
to be a nice day when we have a kitchen
table again isn't it Lincoln's having a
little bit of chicken a little bit of
corn Oh what way did he get I got it for
him the grocery store you guys I think
we are going to call it a night it's
been a long day I spent most of my day
at the computer store having them try
and repair my computer that was not fun
anyway so we are ready to call it a
night can you guys say good night to
everybody
good night thanks for watching
