good morning everybody it is the guys
day out bunny had her Girl's Day
yesterday it is the guys day out and by
guys i mean me and dad but we've got the
machines out we are up in Logan Canyon
and I just want you to look at this
this is what you do with a brand new
detailed vehicle you take it out and put
it in the dirt that's just what we're
doing there's no way about it I think
we're up we're up somewhere in these
areas we went to this side and then we
went to this side and just been going up
through these trails on they call them
50 inch trails they're like for like
trucks can't go there bigger vehicles
can't go there only four-wheelers go
there and so we just took the machines
for a little pace and now we're gonna go
find some more trails but it is it it is
a beautiful day out here it's so nice
and I I'm so happy to just be out here
thanks Bonnie for let me go lady Bonnie
good I had to wake Lincoln up from his
nap because normally he takes two
two-hour announced today but lately he
has been wanting to sleep forever in the
morning and so he's not ready for an
afternoon nap and then he's up for way
too long before it's bedtime mom
I love rock climbing like this do you
want to go rock climbing with your shoes
you heard Cody say that that's why you
said that yes I do it that would be fun
Ella you did yes so I've been having to
wake him up and as I was sitting here
changing his diaper kissing him loving
on him because he's like the QIOs Maitri
in the world no I'm not biased I was
feeling all of my kids routinely they
wake up they have a bottle and I change
their diaper and if they're gonna be
creepy it's when I change their diaper
me when they're done taking their naps
Imogene
anyway a lot of people like I don't know
if that's weird or not my kids are very
routine poopers all of them it's not
like oh we're out about
Storen oh my god change his diaper ah
what are you saying are you proud of the
fact that you're a routine pooper huh
yes drink your model we got errands to
run mmm
drink your muck drink your bother kink
your bottle there you go
what are we gonna do when you stop
drinking bottles I'm gonna go buy his
first go on the whole milk today I don't
know if you guys can see but there is a
fire right down in here and these planes
oh man I hope you guys can catch it keep
circling around and showing themselves
and these guys are all dumping stuff on
the fire the whole time it's pretty cool
there's three of them just circling
around doing this it is one o'clock and
we have not had lunches so it's time to
have lunch in our nice day-t little
woodland everybody just hiding up there
kind of nice so I'm ready to eat oh
let's chow down there we go mix trail
mix and because joel has the suburban
going for wheeling today with my dad
like a mandate um I get to drive this
beauty which she runs just fabulously
and by the look on his face he would
agree these are all a fire and u.s.
Forest Service guys taking care of the
fire there he goes probably go on a
lunch break finally but I guess there's
a beaver pond up over this hill that the
helicopters been coming and dipping in
so we'll stick around for a minute see
if we see anything and see if we can put
on a show for you guys so if this
doesn't look like this is the creepiest
place to walk through I don't know what
does no I'm not going to carry you
but it smells good I can smell like yep
yep dog poop yeah let's get you back
here but hey this is where we come for
for piano books that's what we do we
come to back alley who covered parking
lots for piano bucks okay mom we were
talking to the forest service guys and
they were saying that there's these
warming Hut's out here we came upon two
today we I've heard about it before
yeah and I said they were just locked up
in there for forest rangers use oh yeah
but the first one we didn't stop at and
check out but we just went past it and
then this one we're here in and you can
reserve it for a night kind of fun
let's look Kevin you know not much to it
you got an oven fireplace and there was
wood outside and then these little
things pulled down check that out pretty
cool catch some Z's and you can even
leave your comments if you need to and
there's a table and chairs and whatnot
but I don't know kind of fun we've never
really gone up in this area for will and
my whole life that's always been man
away and then so far up in Logan it's
been you know the local canyons but
we've come up in an area we've never
been to it's been really fun we've been
surprised every time so go do something
differently you've never done you're
gonna be surprised
come and sit down when I show you what I
got you so this is not one of the books
that she requires and teaching little
fingers to play as one of the books she
wants you to do but I thought this one
when I was at the store that says the
first collected this so I want to go to
the one the nice one good I haven't even
looked inside to see I just saw that it
was a Disney one and thought you would
love it
ah candle in the water the kingdom the
water beer domine I'm fine
what does Oh does have words yes you
know the candle in the water off of
Pete's dragon when she's standing in the
lighthouse
I'll be your candle on the water there's
TV oh hi Amy I thought you would love
that one okay Cody is dying to know he's
like are those pretzels for me are those
things for me all of those things are
things that your teacher needs for her
classroom and your teacher and normally
I like I give the kids minimum what they
need but I just thought I don't know
like I just felt like I wanted to get
the teachers what they needed for the
kids this classroom because I know like
I don't know I just felt like getting a
few extra things for the teacher for her
classroom because I don't know how
exactly that works I was thinking about
it when I was at the checkout was like
do they get things that they need like
who buys the things that the classroom
needs does the government give him grant
do this I'll have like an allotment to
the teeth I don't think the teachers buy
them out of their own pockets anything
maybe you guys can give me a chance
or maybe you guys can give me an idea of
who pays for those things I don't want
anything I thought a whole shopping cart
full of things for the kids as teachers
yes I guess what what so first just
start with Ariel okay ah do you have a
hole in your sock boohoo okay I want to
show you the rest of these books
okay so piano student this is the what
is it Oh Glover
yes David Glover yeah does that Tarzan
uh-huh
that's resin yep okay I want you to look
at these books okay maybe it's just for
me this is the Glover book this is the
John Schwalm I don't know how you
pronounce that but I remember having
that one when I was
little teaching little fingers to play
and then I was sad they changed the way
this looks this is the Lila Fletcher
book and it used to be orange and
they've changed the cover anyway um I
had every single one of those same books
when I was little we need to find you a
piano bag to keep all your books in he's
such a little boy champ yes I think you
should sit down right now and do want me
to do them with you
Siamese cat song Oh Shh
the babies are napping play this one
Winnie the Pooh you want to play Winnie
the Pooh feeling I need you how was
school today code hey tell me what you
talked about and what you did you are
such a boy and we learned about boxing
odd and we got into paint
you did and on your birthday I'm gonna
give you my painting are you serious
yeah I think a picture I'm excited you
are so weird
yeah do you do dog I saw that one before
it's on the one that grandpa alright dad
a day with the son-in-law oh yeah not
too bad
four-wheeling with the son-in-law that's
that's why you have them that's good
nothing laws yeah people people fight
with their father in law's all the time
I maybe disagree I don't understand
now where's you gotta get a good one
yeah well I got a good father and I
think I think we I think we did all
right didn't we yeah okay well now we're
gonna clean up the machines and have
some dinner
but thanks for going with me Dad oh yeah
thanks for wearing your helmet joel is
too busy to talk because he is eating we
made buffalo sliders so good I made him
a handful of times what do you think dad
this is great well I'm a dumb knowing
that you like I know I love buffalo
sauce I love buffalo sauce yeah good
yeah good one glad you like them
hey you know what spicy guys those
ginger snacks
hello did your snap sure loves those
thank you
okay you guys waived a grandpa wave to
Grandpa say goodbye cherry not chatty to
you try to Grandma say good bye grandpa
all right better and just as strange as
he came he left the city I seriously
love and you say like dumb things yeah
and that's not dumb but I mean like just
like I don't know you know what I mean
clever little things yes yes did he was
sitting out on her backyard
yes morning when he got her I woke up
and my dad was in the yard I'm like what
in the backyard well he was up here and
he but he had been in the backyard just
sitting hanging out he told me I was
planning on seven rum row I was planning
on eight cuz he told me eight he was
here 700 get out of the montane okay
well you guys thanks for watching see
you guys in our next video
