gonna be okay with the kids today you're
taking him right nope I am NOT that's
okay he's kidding yeah I'll be good
what are you guys gonna do today yeah
you have any time I told y'all I said
you cannot work on any projects today
while I am gone we'll have time so him
hello yeah I don't think I ever showed
you guys are mere there Oh Ellie is on
her way to get me and we're going to the
salon that I've been going to or years
and years we're gonna have a little spa
day with my sisters and my mom and
Julie's not here which is why we did our
spa day in Kansas City when we went to a
girl day I don't get a guy um tomorrow
you have a guy's day tomorrow should be
tomorrow this literally it's tomorrow
should be today if you can't tell how
anxious I am I'm just standing out on
the curb
let me friendly to come get me I was
sitting in the house like listening to
Joel on the kids and I'm like because I
don't find wood she pulls up soon this
is too cute to not know this is so
heavenly
I'm getting my pedicure right now
Ellie's getting your hair cut
Ellie's mother-in-law is getting her
massage and so all three of us are
getting a service and then these guys
are gonna go and get this and like we
didn't want to see see they have they're
not to have their mouths full of treats
there's all these treats right here
there's treats around and then there's a
table back there that has like bananas
and fruit yeah this one smells good
just a much-needed day all right
handsome mom is gone today it's up to me
to do your hair I got you dressed and
you look good I mean hello of course he
looks good
he's matching his dad Boston's were in
the same thing and Lincoln will be
wearing his Johnny cupcake onesie as
well so just what we do which one handle
this is black yeah all black and white
all black and white okay what happened
Yeah right here yeah what is she done
this one right there this one perfect no
the other one
oh I like this one better this one
pickup it got like same as that but it
cost you you pull the thick one hi
Boston wait oh look at you and some
green shorts Johnny Cupcakes shirt big
jump face put down you can put your back
pocket and do it whenever you want
oh well we'll be able to do it code come
on let's go
da can do it dog a dog can do it yeah
yeah I did thank you yeah hey what's up
bud oh oh you're okay no pain is beauty
bud incur all the time
it hurts all the time okay ready oh that
are you that blue stuff I did I had it
on my hands you put too much into my
hair we'll go blue
don't go blue you don't want to be hot
blue hair just a little bit oh this is
nice that's what I have blue yeah all
right dad like Conan like a Corning's
corn in my throat cuz when you get
bigger you'll see the corn in your
throat I'm talking about my Adam's apple
thank you why do you always have to have
one mmm that's just what boys have I
don't well you get when you get bigger
you'll see mom I'm glad mom does not
have an Adam's apple why cuz that would
be very confusing for dad my teachers
say my dad did my hair today looks
pretty good huh see there you go I think
I've been coming here for like ten years
or something anyway and I always every
time I come it's like the most amazing
experience and so I'm so happy that Ruby
is here and she's giving your head
massage I shouldn't be talking cuz this
is like peaceful time quiet time anyway
and Natalie is literally the best like I
I don't know sometimes it's hard to go
to someone different to get your hair
cut because you never know what you're
gonna come out with but honestly I'm
like don't worry mom you're getting your
hair cut Ruby you're getting your hair
cut like oh you're gonna care yes
you're in good good hands I don't know
why she's laughing for figuring out what
to do with mom's hair Ellie and I have
been her stylist and she needs a new one
my god you can't make your blush don't
respect you know what we'll give you a
dance about yep then everyone looks good
you look just great mom do we have
character if you do everything pretty
much of these things back down through
here and love the softness that she's
got going to hear them in a really cute
house and feel really textured in Sierra
um my final little boy and his Johnny
cupcake stuff yeah mine I put some shoes
on him to Bonnie he's probably not gonna
like that cuz they're mostly for church
but you look so cute
you know Rhonda okay Boston come over
here we'll get your shoes on
get me a few times that mom will be so
mad if you touch her fireplace she will
kill me and then you go oh we're gonna
go run some errands and hang out maybe
do some lunch or something a drink with
your sucker hey bud what you got on boom
Oh new shoes huh
its new kicks okay I just got done with
a massage and I don't want my eyes are
like so happy I just don't even want to
open them so I'm just gonna sit here and
breathe it's like I seriously can't you
enough that was very wonderful oh I need
me show you my toes he's my little
toesies as we walk I want to show the
things that we did so mom got her hair
cut I want to see it from the side
look forward yep that's cute yeah Ruby
got her hair cut the back losing the
back cubed Emily got her hair cut she
chopped it the back of her hair she
chopped tons off its and you just got
just like a trim like a little fix up
Ellie got her toes done I think the rest
of us all got massages and I was
incredible the massages were incredible
they felt really good Ellie did our
makeup and he asked la fresh in
everyone's face up some we're heading to
Gia's we're going to get some dinner and
then we're going to call it a night so
right coupe though it's like a relaxing
day I think we all are like oh it's true
hard work being beautiful it really is
Oh their doors open oh my gosh their
doors open I know the ownership in the
club does it's crazy
oh that's nuts oh this is right
yeah the guy who owns UPS in my war hey
hey how come you're playful now huh
how come here a ton of fun what listen
even he was doing this earlier and it
was hilarious let's see it
no you stinking handsome little boy hey
hey one more time for you try it one
more time guys let's try it one more
time yes you so cute you are so playful
and fun I can't stand it how cute is
that and just as strange as it came he
left the same hey hi cutie Hey yeah I
don't think there's I don't think
there's any argument this is the best
stage of babies they they're playful
they're still cuddly they're cute
this is me and Bonnie's favorite age
jewelry is off I am home and it is the
end of the night
okay so Joel just popped to say that it
really was your day good that's nice I
mean the kids had fun good you'll have
to see I'm excited I'm excited to see
your footage I really get enjoy the boys
today today
extra rejuvenating and it just felt good
so thank you and tomorrow joel has a oh
this is where we started the vlog that's
funny I just realized we were ending
where we started it's a fiasco okay you
guys have a really good night thank you
guys for watching and supporting make
sure you give us a thumbs up and I'll
see you guys later bye guys
