this is Olivia's teeth brushing test
we're gonna see if she can do it very
very good and if she can then I'm gonna
let her brush her teeth on her own but
you have to do every single little tooth
can you do that
I guess we'll find out you're doing
pretty good because nobody wants to sit
by someone with stinky breath
so you got a brush I'm really good and
Mama don't want to pay for cavities so
you know that too we are going to sit
down and have family prayer in the
mornings before the kids go to school
and I wanted to show you guys something
because Boston was asking about this and
that is not for you and we had the
cutest girl send us these little
bracelets for you kids and that one says
Olivia and this one says Cody and guess
what Boston look there's one
look there's a purple and green one and
you know who the baby one is for what
the Hulk and it's a bracelet it's a
bracelet where's your hulky out and
we'll put it on him oh oh no you're you
have to be nice to Olivia can you tell
her you're sorry
who's that cruel man here's a so cute
can i con Katie Boston say you're sorry
to Olivia from not being nice I'm not
gonna let Jeb your bracelet this morning
give her a hug like you mean it
go give her a hug and you can't have a
scowl on your face I want a nice face
he's okay he's okay
I want a nice face Boston smiles smiles
easy trying to knock her okay are you
smiling okay
you want on this hand you can't take it
off or you're gonna end up breaking it
okay that's that's pretty cool pretty
cool okay have folks have Hulk fold his
arms
now Hulk hit ready for school
Boston you gotta move your head out of
the way Cody you want tone what you're
watching four o'clock yeah what are you
watching for slack egoistical yeah and
what does it have to say before you can
go to school need one of those you need
a one the one he is so close I told him
at 11 o'clock we could start thinking
about my middle school what I know I was
look at him look at what he's doing his
eyebrows I was trying to talk to him and
that's what he kept doing look it's nice
to see you broke the car hearts out hmm
oh yeah by the way these are the Carter
no these are the Oshkosh pans children
look at me Cody they're long enough on
him do you even understand how much I
had to cinch these in they look
ridiculous so even the Oshkosh ones are
okay in my book
we're gonna go look at Old Navy today
huh yes we are
I gotta tell you guys how's that it
feels to be back in like my regular
routine like I sat and talked to my
sisters on the phone forever and I'm
like this feels good feels good to sit
here and do nothing like it does I'm
happy when my life is simple that is
that is the truth I was talking with
Julie on the phone and she was like
telling me a few things that she had
caught in my video and I thought if you
think I'm an idiot and you're my family
one of the rest of the world think of me
and we were kind of laughing about it
and we were joking about how it's hard
you know how when you meet people and
sometimes you say stupid things and
you're like what was I thinking why did
I say that there is no difference in the
blocking world like you get the camera
out and it's like
sometimes we don't get our point across
sometimes we say and do stupid things
it's like why did I do that and
everybody just witnessed it's like yeah
it's kind of silly yeah he is
lately back lounge oh you don't want it
okay okay I didn't mean to offend you
and I'm sorry oh you wanted to do it on
your own time okay lay on my soft tummy
hi Baba Iraq no way my way you're trying
to stand up on your own aren't you think
we could do it on camera here stand up
let's just see if you'll stand oh you
stand up you little stinker you're lazy
and I'm getting concerned about you oh
yes @teh squared is great yes I want you
to oh you just want to sit with me this
is kind of fun this is kind of fun
mister yeah you lounge I asked the guys
if I could record them while they were
here and they said no that was like Oh
most people don't say no but that's okay
so this is the beginnings of the
fireplace and I personally feel like it
is more pretty than I even thought it
was going to be and then this is the top
it's got uh you know it doesn't have
ground enough I don't know yes it does
it's got something in it anyway this is
it's in the works
okay that's what I'm trying to say but
I'm tickled it is more pretty than I
ever thought it was going to be I can't
believe how pretty it is I'm just dying
I'm just dying his off it's fine just
I'm throughout the entire remodel we've
had to have the garage be are like
portable storage pretty much all the
furniture came in here I used this as
kind of a worksite a little bit but it
was just a piano couches fridge
everything was
here it was miserable and I spent the
past two days working to clean it all up
and to get it just nice and roomy so
that well clean and getting suburban all
polished up and shiny I can pull it in
and give it a nice place in home to go
to so Lonnie has been working with the
kids all day I've been working on the
garage for the couple days and now we're
having lunch / dinner like a mom okay
doing homework for five do you have
homework yet bud no oh right at pictures
two pictures put in there and tomorrow
when it's cool I saw one okay you saw
one Boston saw this and it's flaking out
well we're having lunch / dinner Cody
come here I thought they look so big
don't rush how'd they get him so big no
how do you make me see one I have no
idea okay let's try it
try them on let's see wrong foot let's
see roofer wait I wish Olivia's feet
still fit and the ones that velcroed
over because they just look cuter
those are cutter q will see these are
wet
I like your bigger they feel tiny K
you're scrunching your toes and this is
like scrunched down can you stand up for
me
so member yeah okay well you got boom
footing all those looks so sweet on your
beat oh oh I like him at first but oh
these look these look pretty good
those feel good Cody maybe the other one
on will see how they feel when you are
they gonna be me let me feel them who's
with us you got to pull the tongue up
there you go these are so cute on your
feet they fit perfectly look too big for
me okay
do you remember last time when you
wanted to pick the size of your shoes
let's uh take a gander at the band-aids
on the back of your feet yeah that's
what I thought stand up stand up me
though they're not even know those are
absolutely perfect piece show me
he's still running we he had his cowboy
boots on today and he said these Cowboys
let's make me route so fast you can feel
laying you fast hey do you like those
shoes yes the kids have to have shoes
tennis shoes for PE yeah yep can't wear
these shoes every day yeah what about
your cowboy boots well you can trade
yeah okay let me see them ano wow those
are pretty handsome wonder if yours are
too big
yours are like really big I've always
been so excited for hand-me-downs I've
got three boys they can all have
hand-me-downs incorrect Oh
so listen all the shoes that Cody and
Boston we're together I always think Oh
Cody's will go to Boston the Boston has
like the same size of feet as Cody and
so Cody's shoes that he had last they
don't fit Boston now anyway so I'm
constantly buying new shoes I'm going to
get Boston a pair of shoes these are the
ones Cody has and I want to get Boston a
pair that's similar I want to get hand
these I'm sure you guys can guess which
one Boston would prefer so guess I'll
just have to do once I get nobody liked
it look at that firefight
I'm gonna lock all of you out hold on
are you dying or are you dying it's not
what I thought like no show me the
samples in traffic yeah I like it I love
that it has different levels yeah I
think that's what's stunning the guy
that laid it did such a good job like
look at those cuts are you King me and
the way he like tapered the top yeah I'm
so glad you're here to see it because
all day today I've been like really
because adieu our elections oh oh look
so good huh Oh beautiful game thank you
you did it without me oh then to be here
Oh get over here did dad did dad hang
your new picture up he hammered it in
here are you gonna touch it so it falls
off the wall
okay who gave that to you uncle genius
Uncle Jared net Ellie yes and Jackson
yeah and someone had that made they had
a bunch of pictures made for their new
house and they just couldn't leave
Boston the Hulk out I thought that was
really really nice yep
isn't that cute code how come you're
being so quiet up there are you in
trouble
is he in trouble yeah okay well can you
guys tell everybody good night Hey
lumbers is supposed to join us oh boy
not again
no you better be in bed Lincoln better
be in bed the walnut mm-hmm okay well
we're gonna head out for the night thank
you guys thank you guys so much for
watching see you guys later
hello my eyes
