are you looking at yourself in the
mirror Oh Cody do things that I have
imagined not to see if I was bigger and
what come here
are you big come here here flip the
light on other one is that how small you
are or what do you think of your outfit
for the first day of school do you like
it you'll get dressed this afternoon for
school so Olivia insisted on the blue
pink sparkly shoes and she put these
pants on this morning and she was oh my
gosh mom did you are these supposed to
be here I'm like yes the rips are
supposed to be there looks cute
give me a big second-grade twirl cutie -
do you guys see your new special
backpack hooks so this one's yes is mine
this is pretty sure and look when Boston
and Cody get big enough they'll have
their own hooks and then look three or
four liked your subtle pants I gotta
grade yet so Boston Lincoln Olivia
Cody's we will not be having a couple
more babies and don't you ever talk like
that again
look I think that's a good idea down
here are you giving him an eraser and a
pencil your teacher will give it to you
hey Cody and I are having a very big
debate aren't we so I bought him cowboy
boots to wear to school and he really
wants to wear them with pants which is
fine but his pants haven't got here yet
and the pants that he's been wearing
boomer I'm Jeremy cake was mega putty
they're about this much above his ankle
and so I have no pants for him to wear
and the ones who wants to wear our
ridiculously scraggly it's important for
me for the kids to look good when they
go to school but I think what's more
important like he has his heart set on
wearing those cowboy boots I think I'm
gonna let you wear your cowboy boots
with old scraggly pants
it's not a fun choice if I seem like
such a stupid thing but like I want him
to look nice on the first day of school
and he wants to look like an old cowboy
yeah as long as you wear the collared
shirt I got yet how about that you wear
the collared shirt that you don't want
to wear and y'all let you or whatever
pants you want with your cowboy boots
okay we're a little bit give them and
they're not even yours
those are Boston's those are Boston's
mine where do you get this underwear
Roxy come on felt right there
mom where do you get these underwears
me and dad picked him out and I'm really
hungry
wait wait mom you know what dad's toys
that he said that I shall kiss you
indoors
so these are the pants that Cody wants
to wear at least they fit him in the
waist with room to spare it's like come
on people
oh I'm hoping that the oshkosh pants
that I ordered do will work what are you
looking for a shirt no you're gonna wear
the shirt I got you hot down are you
surprised he's wearing green on Drive
this is the kids he's new on the way
it's in my bedroom we'll go get it now
you have to wear socks with cowboy boots
you can't wearing barefoot okay why cuz
your feet will get too sweaty hop down
hey where's my dog here wise no no no
yeah can we show everyone how handsome
you look come stand over here we'll all
help you find it
well you can't go to kindergarten with a
scowl on your face you're scowling I'm
gonna help you find it I'll help you
find it show everyone we won't show more
secrets we won't show them that we hid
your capris here yep he's wearing
Boston's old pants okay let's go find
your backpack and we're gonna go to
school let's get you to school well you
guys I did it I got coding off to
kindergarten he is in the afternoon
kindergarten so now Olivia and Cody are
off to school and it's just going to
become Boston the Hulk and Lincoln
that's it I decided to I'm is Lincoln
Captain America are you Captain America
um Joel was so sad that he wasn't able
to UM take Cody to his first day of
kindergarten he is off starting new and
bigger projects and so he couldn't be
here today he was kind of saddened but
well and then he said did you record it
he's like oh that's okay I'll be able to
watch you in the video and I said I
didn't record at the school because I
don't want to record at the school and
he's like what so you guys know felt bad
that I didn't record and that he
couldn't be here but that's okay that's
okay the kids I'm sure will come home
and tell us all about it
yes you want another piece of bread yeah
you don't want peanut butter on it ya
rat just bread if I can you do we get me
that right now oh the hives
Hulk smash it surprises me that kids can
live off of bread and milk I swear
that's what Boston loves off of I am so
excited that it's just us here at the
house this is going to be fun and I
think we're gonna take lots and lots of
group naps yeah I think that's what I
see feature is group naps sounds
wonderful
hey you never want taken out but you
always take a really really good one but
I don't want to make a good water just a
bad one
a bad one how about a BB one you wanna
take a little baby way bad one good take
a nap on my bed secretly compromises I
love it I'm not sure they're checking
them on my bed not a treat we'll go get
some lunch
how about we get some carrots ah that's
nice yeah
okay we'll go get some carrots Boston
just came walking in the house and he
came walking right past me and he goes
first oh and I said I don't know I said
he's in the bedroom I said what do you
need and you I just need dad and so I
said go sit on down flap he came about
and why did it because I crashed into
the apple tree how the four-wheeler
doesn't work like oh my god thinking
he'd gone through my bishops wait so you
can see the four wheeler out there he
crashed into the pantry but what I think
is hilarious is that he needed to come
until you see I mean doesn't matter long
he's in this position I think it's funny
that he came to get you we've got our
Mason guy here and he's gonna get ready
to tie all this he's just prepping it
he's not gonna actually be doing any of
the tiling so hey he's here doing that
and my goodness I want to hear
everything about school these guys are
having a cookie and a string cheese in a
juice that grandpa left for you ha
just spider in our classroom it was like
doing a quarter in a spot um so nobody
would do so it was like it was hanging
out spiral like this then a minute later
when we came back from prep is like this
mmm
I'm so glad you're home Cody I missed
you and I had her ski rollin class fit
me it didn't bite you you totally just
made that up didn't bite you or did you
just see a mosquito like I saw one like
by Sholay oh you're such a nice top
typical kindergartner if you did it
really light you know I didn't my mom
I'm happy to have you guys home
the other two are taking naps and guess
what I all day I was waiting to pick up
Cody
oh are you glad just saw her at the end
of school me too
what you guys working on you're working
on the four-wheeler cuz it's not working
is it gonna live us yeah you think you
can fix this dad mix it felis got a
golden hammer you have a golden hammer
well while you guys are fixing this I'm
going to tell these guys I'll sum some
tonight is okay
tonight is Olivia's very first piano
lesson what do you think Olivia excited
better Rizzoli
Olivia's tired today has been a big day
for her okay look my fingers so second
grade I'm gonna come over here in the
Sun where it's not so bright let the
light adjust to me
second grade is a really big deal
because in second grade all of me and my
siblings started piano lessons when we
were in second grade
and we played the piano all the way
until we were high school until we were
in high school I stopped when I was a
junior in high school and there is my
scooty yeah I was 18 Jean was your mom's
rule I thought yeah I stopped just a
hair early I think my mom was sick of
paying for lessons that I was not
practicing for so she stopped a little
bit sooner but the thing that is really
really cool about Olivia starting today
is we had our piano teacher that lived
down the street so we walked to piano
lessons every week and we always heard
about the Logan students she would drive
down to where we lived once a week and
she always talked about her Logan
students well olivia is now a Logan
student she is going to be taking from
the same piano teacher that I had her
name was Louise and I am trying my
absolute hardest not to get emotional
about this lu8 like when people say
who's the most influential woman in your
life besides my mom and grandma she is
it like she I love her so much
I saw her once a week for an hour my
entire life my entire growing up she was
just such a big part of my life like
she taught life lessons like I don't
know performing in front of people and
just like we talked do you know how many
times we talked about you and my piano
lesson when Olivia and I walked in she
said is she gonna be pretty and I said
she's gonna be pretty and she was just I
think there's a bird up there that
Olivia's concerned with but she is as
pretty as I remember her it was so good
coming in here and um I don't know just
reminiscing it was fun because let's be
you okay we had to we had to hurry and
come out in just arriving because there
was a bee and it was freaking Olivia out
there was something in like the roof
like it was like we saw a bee fall down
like his head was chopped off that was I
was making her Lynne Rose come sit right
over here I'm not letting her sit in the
front I'm just letting her talk with me
up here come sit up here with me anyway
it was so special to be in Louise's home
and to see her teach you I remember my
first lesson as clear as day and don't
be surprised if you see me pick up
lessons too because it's just I don't
know it's just it's a wonderful teaching
tool so anyway we are going to close the
vlog here because it's past your bedtime
we're going to go home get ready for bed
so we can have a good day at school
tomorrow okay okay thank you guys so
much for coming along and being a part
of our amazing journey in life huh yes
okay thanks guys bye
