who's getting you dressed yeah who
changed your diaper oh my gosh
yep Olivia wants to babysit just Lincoln
she said she didn't want to babysit the
boys and I said good yeah cuz they're
terrible they don't listen
but I said if you can practice with
Lincoln that's we'll just have to start
practicing your boys already oh you look
wonderful
it's a brown belt and Olivia walked up
the stairs this morning we didn't even
plan this and we're tweet we had a lot
of waste my time taking clothes out song
well we had a photo shoot yesterday and
this is what we were in the photo shoot
in class Joel was supposed to wake me up
at 6:00 o'clock what time you wake me up
Joel 6:30 7:00 are you serious oh my
gosh would you like to tell everyone
what you were doing hey they were
playing Nintendo oh my gosh you guys I
don't even know what to think about that
when I was a kid I was terrible at
Nintendo yeah I'm really good at it as
an adult you're like this is gonna be a
problem we are in a very big hurry
because we need to be out the door at
7:00 I honestly do not like him taking
that dog even out of his bedroom because
it's kind of I don't know it's gonna
like get ruined there's something but
we're gonna have to replace dog
eventually just get your boots on
where's your cowboy this could you bring
a little more stuff but a binky oh you
need a drink
sure do okay find your cowboy boots I'll
give you a drink inside oh my word
reason for our little trip this morning
we're here at the University of Utah
health care I know isn't that so cute
come on little mama girls just look so
girly and these boys look so manly for
those of you that are not aware of
Joel's feat situation a year ago we had
finished up the shots for Joel's feet
we've done two different types of shots
for his feet what's it called neuroma
and he's had him since high school and
Joel's to the point where he needs
surgery and we just we know that that's
not a route that we want to go unless we
absolutely have to every doctor has been
really open and said like one kind of
star have to so we're just trying to get
as many opinions as we can yeah the
University of Utah is such a good
surgical center that we definitely
wanted to come down see what they had to
say before we make a decision so this
will be our third opinion they actually
yes but like I'm taking this very
seriously I know Joel is but I'm not
gonna do anything unless I know that
it's like what we should be doing and
the reason is because they say like
backlash of the operation is you will
have worse pain than you had before it
it's like hey do I really want worse
pain or do I want it fixed I'm in love
with these pictures hanging on the wall
oh so beautiful like you I don't know
why I just like this much is there cable
we'll wait until we know where we're
going okay are you kidding me this is
amazing
this is literally the best thing in the
world
honestly nervous cuz I thought I really
want to be able to focus on job but we
have all the kids because the kids are
out of school today we have Lincoln and
I just knew it's going to be crazy
oh my gosh look at the baby's behind
Olivia teeny those baby has anyone ever
been so excited no Lincoln is scaring
this little girl and there was a
dinosaur
he's like chasing her sings ha ha they
were like now you can't leave and go get
lunch
a lot of parents we even go get lunch I
was like no we won't be doing that
loophole new socks ok she was cleaning
off the lint from his feed you know so
his feet are nice and presentable for
the doctor I get that it's like black
went all over the floor and this is
literally what is blowing the dust
bunnies away no this is the cleanest
clinic I've ever seen in my life I had
no problems leaving the kids over there
they it was it smells clean like this
place is so clean when I'm at dinner of
the floor just kidding whoa whoa I am so
glad that we came here he told us about
the two surgeries that we already knew
about and then he said there's a third
option that he can do that they do quite
a bit and there was only one doctor
around here that does it he used to do
it in Logan but he sold that practice
anyway it's called cryoablation
so you're freezing the nerve ending yeah
so it's not as invasive as the regular
surgery it's a much smaller incision
they can do it in his office you go in
he said it's basically like giving your
nerve frostbite and you freeze it until
it dies my toes will turn black and he
said that doctor left without putting
the chair down to being taken care if we
got four hours of sitting that chair
okay so he said that those neuromas are
considered a tumor they're always benign
tumors but it is a tumor and it will
continue to grow and if you've had since
you had then it's to push a button if
you've had been since high school that
tumor has just continued to grow
Wow Joel you look a little scary Roma's
having my but right now doesn't know
what that is
pants are adorable like her outfit I
just like can we lock the door first
that guy oh my gosh Farmington station
has a build of air here's my thoughts on
build-a-bear I want to take my kids
there so bad let them build this like
awesome thing pick out the clothes for
it but it's like okay one I know that's
not cheap and - come on do we really
need more stuffed animals in the house
no I don't need it I don't need it but I
will never get over this boy and the way
he walks his little belt sticking out of
his sweater picking his little wedgie
boys of course are like already
they're running just make a little pit
stop at Cabela's
I know we won't buy anything we just
like to just come and look no no no no
okay
scary what are you seeing there
look at those big ol animals that's a
big ol butt what did you hear he just
said the bus has Lincoln what is the bus
say is another way so again nothing that
we need but totally a want I don't even
know why I would want them I would never
ever use okay I want that
Boston where do those favor include to
nope
go get Olivia we're Chilika netcode
these are pocket knives online
they the paper out over your lap and eat
over the paper so if you get crumbs it
stays on your paper and when you're done
eating will crumple it up and stick it
back in the bag okay and I will be
enjoying my warm coconut McGriddle it's
kind of warm it's usually not too bad
I can't believe it's been a week since
you got your stitches and you're ready
to get him out I like that there's a
name tag on the back of you from the
other hospital today do you know that we
should right kick me on it you nervous
the bruisings finally set in for some
reason took a week and the bruising
finally said end you want to hold my
hand you will nervous yeah but that's
got sweaty hands mom doesn't like it
either there we go don't look at your
scar okay
what do you think cool huh okay your
blue tongue is cooler looking than your
scar bud
I didn't want to have to layer this and
put anything in it so I had Joel so one
little stitch in it and I thought I'll
just cut the stitch when I get home
well now I'm not gonna be able to go to
the bathroom all night unless I
unstitched my stash it's three o'clock
in the afternoon right now I'm gonna
have to pack scissors I always forget
that I look like a flippin pirate in
this outfit your hair is what's cute
she's like can I come over and see if
you have a curling iron that I can use
like yeah sure she opened my drawer
she's like that's mine and I need it are
you positive you don't care that I wear
your earrings your new earrings before
you even do price so I haven't even told
you guys where we're going we are going
to the Albion fit soiree they have a
party and we've got my friend Ashley and
my sister Ellie and
fondue dinner so we're at the melting
pot and it tastes as good as I remember
we have our dessert so we're going to
close the block we're going to head to
our party thank you guys so much for
watching later
