good morning you guys it is the last day
of summer vacation you guys are going
back to school tomorrow when you put the
shirt on this morning what did you say
what were you worried about that Pete I
thought they said Ellie and Jared uh-huh
but it says MJ you were worried that
people were gonna think you were Jared
yeah I really want to wear this shirt
but I don't want people to think that
I'm Jared okay
I just cut into little teeny squares
like this okay I'll show you this one
and then you can come on
can I come all by myself so like I know
you can cut some of them try teaching me
how to the other one no can I like up
one at a time
sure so this all professional cooking
with you well I'm not a professional
commercial I don't know and it might be
watch your fingers so you don't chop
them off okay can you go a little bit
slower you know why why cuz you have
this kind of baseball like they keep
their eye on the ball
but mom's keeping her finger keeping her
eye on the night you know why body cuz
oh the night what can it do to you Cody
cut your hand off and cut your femur
yeah it can do that to you so that's why
she keeps her eye on ignite so quite the
analogy strip she speaks the truth you
guys Callaghan away the key okay I don't
really real have tall and I saw a beep I
speak 10 feet tall 10 to 18 on top well
might be 100 feet time Oh why's that
come on keep on falling on my face it's
gone okay this is what you have to
31 he's ready
no stars come away from his chart just
like with the wooden no I do not want
this all over the place but I will let
your help
hey good job can I say still 119 no
squeeze the heck out of it when it's
done tonight not recognized weasel
numbers oh how are the flower hang more
oh I love towers that was my first
official cooking I just chopped up a
bunch of stuff and made this little
salad I lost all my helpers everybody
went to Grant's house so I'm going to
eat the salad by myself while I wait for
Lincoln to wake up from his nap
we are getting the piano ready we are
dusting it it has been locked down in
this I don't know
prison of dust for three months my mom
like make sure to blow the dust off
before you wipe it off so you don't
scratch it which I thought that was a
genius
very smart idea yes we did that to that
we did that to the couch also before we
brought it in and we're gonna do to
everything pretty much cuz so much has
been chicken up there's dust everywhere
better just blow it off it's really fine
it never goes away
you just push it around comes back look
at it though I mean like this is the
pretty like red top this is the dusty
old side like or this is the dusty you
can't I mean it's just night and day
difference the guys that are coming to
move the piano they are are they the
real piano guys oh my brother said the
piano guys were coming so I got really
excited the only person that's moved
this piano has been my brother my
brother used to move Panos and he was
really good at it and so it's kind of
hard to like let someone else live up to
that but the guys that are coming they
do a really really good job but the real
trick to moving a piano pay somebody to
do it just because you like you'll get
10 of your neighbors together think you
got enough oh and you'll break the piano
you will do more damage not worth it I
would never have a big group of guys
just come and move it oh yeah and and Bo
he's eeny little guy a lot of strength
but he just makes it look like it's
nothing it's one guy and he'll just move
that piano without a single scratch and
I'll just make it look so easy they're
not that bad but the 10 guy approached
always a bad idea
I wonder why you're going all the way
around with yoga shoes on you I wasn't
planning on keeping the chair in here
because I didn't feel like it would go
with anything that we had just done but
I don't know I think I'm just going to
have it there until I can decide what to
do with it I don't really know I don't
know what I think about it so anyway
he'll just be there for now so far today
it's been a very busy day and we haven't
really recorded a ton of it mostly
because I don't know it's hard to record
when you're like really working hands
are working you know yeah I don't know
if we know exactly what this looks like
before if you guys do but this is a huge
improvement so we got the rock put in
here in the window wells and this is all
weeded out and these were the original
hostas that were over here hopefully
they'll liven up don't work right if I
probably should just clip them and let
them grow again yeah probably
anyway this job moved these put a little
paver in there got these planted this is
what they were here before but they've
been planted in the garden while we've
been doing the remodel so Joel did a few
sprinkler things code you got your boots
on let's see your step in the dirt like
and they look good
handsome boo hate shorts he hates shorts
and Lowe's pants so he's excited put his
cowboy before but let's go his pants is
cowboy boots all right let's go get in
the car you good-looking dudes yep we've
worked all day and now we're gonna take
the kids to get some Aggie ice cream and
go to and we've have a few festivities
that we do the night before school
starts so that's what we're doing we've
been sitting here talking to the kids
about important things about going to
school Olivia's been to school
and it's your first year and I think one
of the biggest things not yet but you
will
I think one of the most important things
and I think you guys are really good at
it is that we want to we want to keep
our eyes out for people that need
friends right and we want to be good
examples Cody can you sit up we want to
be good examples to our new friends that
we're going to make and we want to be
happy and we want to what oh just be
kind we want to be kind to everybody
everybody there's no need yep
and if you know what Cody there are
people that are going to be different
than you and sometimes people might
think that's weird
but we just love everybody no matter
what right he's just trying to break in
my floors is all making everybody laugh
hey you're distraction buddy yeah mr.
distraction of capital G alright I don't
know why that it feels a little harder
for me to let Cody go to kindergarten
than it does when Olivia wait to give it
back no why is that so hard for it kids
to grow up it's like it's so hard to
have them young and all home but it's
real hard to see and get older I
remember when Olivia was Lincoln's age
do you remember we sat right here on the
floor and we said one of these days
she's gonna be walking down the hall and
that seemed like such a far-fetched
thing
I remember her being so little in that
first Christmas Sun head was she's
walking we have to Grandma Kerrigan
since she went in the bathroom you can
see it a woman couldn't say her her
elves were wise so that's her let's go
get some ice cream boy my big king
dessert boy out to the car okay that's a
good idea
dad dad my kids know he had my kid yes
Hey
yeah my purse mister get out of my purse
mister what is wrong with her run lumpy
cars nothing wrong with my rags a lot of
noise that is not how dogpile work with
dad got old wins you want to lift you
yeah oh I like he's trying to like oh oh
that's a funny I can see why I can see
why you grabbed a spoon yeah knock on it
like isn't you spoon
whoa we made a stop to Aggie ice cream
the answers yes why in my first grade
class became to Aggie ice cream well my
little school kids I'm excited for
school in the morning are you you know
we're gonna have to do we're gonna have
to go home and lay your outfit on the
ground so in the morning you can put on
your new clothes
let me forget neva likely 2014 that
yours is the afternoon but we'll still
get up we'll still let your clothes out
at night so you can put them on in the
morning next time we come you can get
that no just one today yeah no just one
today I don't need one one today say
okay mom with a nice face cuz I brought
you here my campaign no Jam what okay
now we talk nice to mom okay okay say
thanks for my ice cream mom I mean
thanks for my nose oh my ice cream cone
is melting so we are gonna say good
night and we'll see you guys tomorrow
I'm the first day of school second ID
yes okay good night
