look at Lincoln he's just like one of
them how come you're not surprised I'm
happy
no you can't punch it yet you can't
punch it yet it is full of candy I don't
know maybe but listen we're gonna go to
the park today and we're gonna do a
pinata are you excited
can he go can they go first sure no
you're gonna Hulk smash it yeah listen I
would get the bat that will bring it so
hard and I'll bring it so hard like
ollie Captain America can get this shoot
at all the shoot harder oh maybe I don't
know if it no cuz this doesn't have a
home Lincoln's like I'm not a trap he
tripped the TV I want a bottle for my
birthday
yes Olivia that is runs that we can be
that little slap that is where you put
the flap do we have a dream back from me
godly women greenback no we don't have a
green back
say see your I have a green Matt oh
okay
you ready to get out mister move oh yeah
keep your eyes closed I just walked in
the door and I just got my hair cut and
it's a little bit shorter than what I
was thinking and have to be a little
quiet because Lincoln's asleep but I
want to see your reaction
he's probably gonna think it's too sure
okay go ahead almost nice do you like it
yeah
promise oh yeah yes are you a little sad
no it's cute
okay you can fill in the back it's the
back of the law here the backs a little
bit shorter and it does look a little
strange I have a baby sleeping because
it's cold
ya know it's a good life that's cute
it's fun I like it it's a little short I
was kind of I wanted it like here so
it's shorter but hey are these are these
plastic earrings he makes fun of me
every time I'm really here oh they're
late because every time I wear them I'm
like these are leather earrings I think
Joe's like so he makes fun of me
nobody thank you so I like to bring
attention Lincoln did daddy lower your
crib did daddy lower your crib Oh what
you see your bottle is this what you see
is that what you see damn you can be
good oh that's such a fart drop okay
we're at our special Park yep very
excited first yes we got cupcakes and
lots of fun party stuff Kate Cody Cody
Cody Cody Cody oh you got yes you can go
to Boston I want you to help carry
presents over let's let's pick a table
and put everything on it okay code code
you can't just take one thing get your
arms all the way full
I gave one that I rocked out this is the
one you wrapped up let me take that too
if he sits on it he'll break it um if he
breaks up pinata Lincoln Lincoln you
care son
okay seriously before he breaks laughing
alright let's break this thing I can't
feel it youngest to oldest
alright Boston didn't know how it worked
so see Boston that's how you do it
you got to see if you can do it that's
how you do it ok Boston are you ok ok
boxing you ready yeah come here come on
dad's not gonna do it come on now look
if dad moves that you can't cry hey go
ahead Boston Cody you gotta move
Cody scoot back right well that's what
you do Boston whoa
he's not even trying it got you oh wow
you're hurting me Oh
yeah
oh it's not gonna like you guys we have
the worst luck with like lighting
candles give it a second there we go
let's live oh it's lit hey happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear Lincoln happy
birthday to you oh you're gonna blow
this candle out Lincoln you ready
yeah what do you want okay hold on a
second whoa I got hittin this cuz like
amplify came cuz he has blue eyes yes I
remember I hear you he has pink
shoes SPC's you made that one for him
yeah okay like my hair playing is that
your toy airplane baby food well I
thought it was sweet that they wanted
you I thought it was really sweet that
the kids took their own toys and wanted
a wrap on Lincoln you letter yeah that's
this one ball all right let's let Lee
can play with this toy he wants the
juice
well let's give this cup yep should we
give him this cupcake yeah you ready I
think I've got another present
oh he's got present from Grandma that's
right okay no no are you gonna cut those
little strings after the Gippsland make
a move yeah me well when we get home I'm
gonna help them open it what is so that
is sweet why is this a tradition that we
do I don't understand him but he doesn't
fit it I know I know everybody like Alex
I'm giving it to me you can eat a baby
boy why you can eat that Oh yummy look
at what he is I don't think we've ever
had one be that excited he was liked
oxygen hey still is Troy you think what
do you think
put it back in head yeah his nose is
stuffed with frosty lingo like oh my god
oh okay oh yes yes sir
we're gonna bathe you in the lake he's
actually not even that bad mm-hmm I got
ya happy birthday bud you believe it's
been a year here a few days here in like
three days
I'm telling you everywhere we go she
makes a friend over there Sharon candy
and talking about other youtubers of a
god her hair look at her knee she's
pretty girly like a Boston shaking and
rattling something trying to break it
usually fights with people to be make
makes friends with yous over there
fighting with somebody I thought well
that's that I guess he gets that from
the Griffis side maybe ho liens are
lovers not fighters yeah I guess I'm
more the fighter the aggressor spending
the day the park with your parents was
magical it was the most relaxing I swear
five hours we were there all day
I thought we'd only been there like two
hours even there five hours yeah we were
there for so long and as we were leaving
your mom said oh I watched the video
about the kids trying to save money for
Disneyland and look what she brought
them and her dad said I want some
balloons for this so kids remember if
you're selling balloons we gotta give
some to grandpa because he gave five
dollars for each of you kids to put in
your piggy bank yeah
oh yes hey can you put that in your cup
yep you got to wrap it up and put it in
your piggy bank okay let's go honey and
look here Olivia here's your other one
yep so the dollar that the lady old lady
gave you the park today put it in a
piggy bank yes and maybe daddy can help
Lincoln when you're busy K on the board
I will put it in Lincoln's hey were you
born in a barn
Oh jr. what up yeah Jun adults we have
I'll be right back okay
the day after we found out that Joel's
grandma had died we got in the mail the
card for Lincoln she sent it out early
and it was one of the very last cards
that she sent to her grandkids so he at
least has one in his little lifetime so
we have all the cards from grandma
Kerrigan and on every birthday she sends
$10 to great grandkids even to the great
grand is 93 great it's your first
birthday yep hmm hits and it's grandma's
signature
yeah that's grandma in cannot tear this
a little bit more shaky than all the
other ones but that's her handwriting
you put that in his little piggy bank
for him yeah I want to go through and
say our favorite thing about little inky
Roy what's your favorite thing Olivia
dad dad mama
and also just Papa yes okay you go get
him then close your door Cody what's
your favorite thing about Lincoln but my
favorite part about him is when I roll
when I take Lincoln and then I roll with
with him
and he gets on my tell me that's my
favorite part but I do all the time
that's fun
Boston what's your favorite thing about
Lincoln what do you like about him we
like about Lincoln's hair you go to the
park with him but your favorite thing
about Lincoln his eye their kind of own
brain they kind of change between blue
green hazel but they're not they're just
they're the closest thing to mine so we
have yes my favorite thing about Lincoln
is he is my little baby boy he's my baby
boy I look at everything about him so I
can't just narrow it down but I love to
use my little baby
look it was his body his little body is
my favorite he does have a more spunky
personality yeah well I can tell he's
gonna be a little more spunky and I love
that he looks like me he does what my
see gone the other day and I thought I
was staring at Bonnie yeah I'm sharing a
young Bonnie that I met I do love that
oh well you're gonna be a handsome young
lady someday is that right mr. birthday
boy look at him he's playful I like it
yeah well thank you guys for sharing
Lincoln's first birthday thank you guys
for sparking a day ha ha what's okay
thank you guys so much for sharing
Lincoln's first birthday with us and
make sure you give the video a thumbs up
just say happy birthday I'll see you
guys in our next video bye guys
