no mister you'll get out of there did
miss Elsa get ahold of you did miss Elsa
get ahold of you and tie a cape on you
you're guilty no you can't get in there
I know you want to but you cannot so
much even he does mrs. arms Wells his
legs look at them okay okay okay okay
okay let go let go
no you're happy you know you're Oh can
you say mom I know you're not going to
say that sake dad dad nothing he can't
the heck out I've heard of this ha ha
okay okay apparently my seven-year-old
is smarter than me Thank You Olivia
they're laying the top coat on our
floors they'll be back here this
afternoon and they'll do the second
finish on the floor a whole different
shade of wood and I love it it's
beautiful we're doing a semi-gloss and
as soon as these guys are done here
they're heading over to my sister
Ellie's house and I'm sure we'll be over
there but I told him it said but when I
go to my sister Ellie's house I won't
open my mouth Oh pinky I won't even say
anything I don't even care he's like
you're okay anything or mother it's
beautiful over there's the non finished
this is the finish won't be that glossy
it'll be like I imagined you want to try
some looking back glassy it'll be as
glossy as the white paint is oh really
that's a semi-gloss finish mm-hmm okay
so these floors are you talking okay
okay are your shoes out there honey yes
and I got my shoes on right here to
match my watch today how about that
yes would you that watch you had it to
me for Christmas is that with them
better for you was it for Christmas
though I don't know if that's what it
was more about everyone getting it I
believe it was for Christmas we thought
at the buckle one day and I was like Shh
everyone be quiet we'll see if Cody can
catch the butterfly look he's coming
right to you code he's writing Freddie
yeah he came right to ya Cody wants to
try and catch this butterfly Whitelaw oh
why mom whoa Cody that's a keen your
hands it's almost as if he wants you to
catch him Oh Cody that was so close
I can see it yeah someone's not having a
good day are they kind of sad huh like
it I'm sure glad that's not Michael
please don't throw anything for my
window okay yeah don't put that through
my window okay MoMA or my seat please
don't have that in the car we've been
down here in the basement having quiet
time Lincoln's taking a nap um Boston
had blanket time down here
I made Olivia and Cody play in Olivia's
room for quiet time and I clarified have
been because I was reading some of the
comments about oh my gosh like I heard
but I didn't know where that came from
and some of you were like oh that's the
Nicki Minaj song mm-hmm okay Nicki Minaj
song I would die if Olivia and Cody were
watching that video so I'm like where
did you hear that song whose house were
you at where did you watch it they're
like no we didn't watch because I was
like was it on a computer and iPad a
phone cuz my kids don't have free rein
of that stuff period anyway they were
like no the neighbor was singing it they
sung it and they taught you the song is
that what you were let me just put like
we were talking about stuff and then
suddenly those guys they were singing it
yeah it's okay you can sing that little
like that's not a big deal I just don't
want you watching Nicki Minaj's
music video hey yo umm that's clarified
I'm glad that they weren't okay today
and they want to show me what they were
doing during quiet times Oh God so this
is a sale for three balloons we make
these you made those won't drink quiet
time yeah where did you get the balloons
oh did you take them off of the oh my
god yeah you know me it's only five
dollars
yeah oh I know do I know the shop come
on Connor retarded wait don't we go like
we're gonna give him to somebody else
so we can get bored with some seeing
that we have more space for other things
cuz the toys that we don't play with is
okay cuz then we can just cuz we might
do a sale yeah i'm but i'm going to road
by Bailey's house there's more people
there but on our side there's not really
much so you guys want to have a yard
sale to get rid of the toys so you have
room for you crazy yeah don't we play we
want to try something and you know I do
not want to give away my is my heart
will track that's my favorite times 100
to do I don't want to give away my okay
hold on
what do what don't like you like not
like look you don't want me to give away
any of your hopes no okay
um these eyes I can't be mad that they
were like blowing these up those little
packages they're not like cheap they're
our favorite things to do deal
well I'll tell you what you guys were
very good during quiet thank you are you
guys for making water balloon no we just
we'll leave the rest of the book
we're gonna leave these off what mom no
no I don't want you to do I don't want
you to do that because I want to hook
these to the hose and use them we just
need to do it we just haven't done it
but even in the frail literally these
are our favorite toys are our favorite
balloons
I like in tight we're gonna go to park
and I'm gonna sail these and this is
what the money's gonna going how much
you can sell them for code like bucks
okay I don't think these are I've sent
five cent I think five cents that's
great I think whatever someone wants to
give you for him now are you gonna be
sad if you don't sell any forget really
okay okay
why do you guys want the money well we
don't want the money we don't want the
money all we wants to go to Disneyland
dad cost a lot of money that way why
does it does town honor thing that's why
Bobby you've never Murray for free thank
you bye so you guys are letting Boston
have that for free yeah okay so you
think you'll have a lot of money enough
money in your piggy bank yeah yeah wanna
go Disney like look you a lot of money
lagoon's a lot of money but it's way
different than Disneyland yeah whoa okay
did you got too many rides you can go on
there okay okay I gotta get Lincoln I
gotta get Lincoln you woke up from his
nap and he's in a fairy oh okay my here
I'm gonna save you yeah I'm gonna he's
like uh what's everyone doing in here um
PS um we're gonna have to verify when
Lincoln's birthday is
everyone's like um happy birthday
Lincoln it's on the 17th I thought it
was the 19
so we're gonna stick with what I thought
and we're gonna celebrate on Saturday
daddy likey we're celebrating on
Saturday because I don't know what days
like this we're gonna get some birth
certificate and we're gonna figure it
out but before we figure it out we're
just gonna celebrate that Saturday not
really worried about this year so that's
how we're rowing that's what like says
right now
agree so what we were so we went to the
park I thought and I was like barely
anything there was only other part like
nothing nobody was there yeah it's not
really busy today so we're thinking
maybe tomorrow when you guys come cuz it
might be more busy mm-hmm
okay not much cars out okay you know
what you guys were in you're hungry and
your faces or red you've been gone for a
while you want to cool down with like a
pop or something I need and I just tell
you how cute I think you guys are that
was so hot we're looking for like like
your lip for going purple when you're
trying to like get all of the losses
when the white little you know I think
those little things on the balloons yeah
yeah actually what else well you guys
were working so hard yeah and you know
what I'm gonna get just some money to
put in your piggy bank should we do that
Olivia so sweet she's like you want you
want to but you where you feel bad
because you don't want me to give you my
money huh always worry about an ID
there's no way we can open it cuz I
never have enough money today thank you
is the money I usually need upstairs
like for like groceries and yeah Samar's
cars and cars is that what you're kind
of meaning well how about you let me
worry about that okay but aren't you
gonna go get a drink like a pop okay
well I don't really want us up on the
wood floors I tell you what I will take
care of the drink situation and I won't
worry about my money I'll get you some
money put in your piggy banks how about
that and you just smile and say thank
you should we just go see what I've got
in my purse yeah okay we'll go do that
I'm not kidding
that makes me so happy makes me happy
that she's concerned about my little
whinnies and because I remember uh hey
Boston didn't make it to the bathroom in
time so I'm trying to get this underwear
without showing okay only if you stop
whining oh okay
I remember feeling concerned about my
mom's money when I was younger I just I
didn't like her spending money on me
because I was worried about her and even
though she never like she never said at
all we don't have money for that it was
just I don't know I was just always
really concerned about even now I'm like
Oh mom you don't have to get that like
oh like oh it's just so funny like
circle of life just get up let's first
worry about getting undies on your bare
bum okay we have been trapped down here
and look at him ah
look what did you guys see that yeah eat
your food did you see him pretend to eat
his food look at watch watch what ah oh
so cute we have been trapped down here
in the basement wall our floor has been
getting finished upstairs anyway we've
just been hanging out Olivia has been
choosing all sorts of movies and this is
mrs. Doubtfire hi do you like this show
you think this is funny a change you're
doing making she always always shoes I
know I wanted to do movie today but cute
mrs. Doubtfire zone I can't change it
after this it's bedtime but in the
morning guess what Olivia in the morning
will you let Cody pick the movie if I
make up before then when he wakes up he
gets to choose the movie was that a deal
is that it good is that a good deal yeah
chief right yeah are you gonna forget hi
know what she will not forget she will
not forget and she will let you pick the
movie in the morning when you wake up
okay I think we are going to oh there's
something on my carpet we're gonna call
it a night
thank you guys so much for watching I'll
see you guys you should see the bunny
was skirting I'm dying please do it
again please do it again
go get it go get it go get it look at
the way he's on please do it please do
it oh yeah we're back he did that all
the way across the floor you stinker I'm
gonna stay fielding go get it go get it
okay goodnight you guys will see my next
video bye
