I wish you could feel what I was feeling
right now there's like a crisp cool
breeze coming in from my window and can
you just hear the guys are mowing the
lawn next door I just I love that and
it's ending summer is coming to an end
and I love hearing the lawn mowers in
the morning anyway Joel was off early
this morning taking care of some
business and the kids and I have been
hard at work down here you can see
they've been trying to make little forts
Cody has been very frustrated trying to
build some tracks down here I do I do
one and show me he's been very
frustrated trying to get this to work oh
how about the track that's where he gets
frustrated and of course Lincoln doesn't
help because he's always interest yes
and Olivia has been raving about this
little house and Boston I'm gonna have
you come on out because I know you might
make her mass oh I'll be out in just a
second
come on out I normally don't let the
boys come in here in Olivia's room which
I know is kind of sad but they just kind
of ruin your pretty things don't they so
I made like a little pool party like and
daddys in a shoe this is go this is your
shoe right yeah it's like a tin shoe so
they're having a pool party
oh not in their dresses and they look
like yes it's right so God is like hello
so he's doing the limbo and that she's
so she is so creative like that's so
cute so these are the horses there's a
string attached to their tails with a
Clare clip and that's the limbo game
okay let me show you inside the house
yes please it may be a little hard and
you put it in victory yeah Oh
you tell me what we're looking at so
this is the house I've made out of books
as you can see but yeah there is some
dresses like down there there's tons of
us six that is really cool I really want
to be a toy because all I like is like
looking at teeny stuff I love to me
stuff so you wish you were a toy to fit
in there absolutely go ahead oh no you
wouldn't even know where I am
haha Bugs Bunny Olivia mm she's she lays
down here for hours at night she's done
this her entire life her entire life
this is what she does I put her to bed
and she plays for hours and I always
wonder I'm like when is she gonna
outgrow this or when is she gonna get
tired of I'm not at playing with her
things and she just doesn't she just
doesn't she just plays oh well I don't
like you what do you have in here Olivia
what's in your pan side chocolate Sierra
chocolate syrups or race cars one in the
same one in this thing it's alright good
morning Lincoln he's that funny
have we been playing oh yes I didn't see
looks like he was chuckling go get it
thinkin loves this little tractor little
why his little body pushes it around we
have this rug down here this is the one
that's going to go upstairs but I wanted
it to um I wanted to roll it out so it
would flatten out a little bit before we
put it on the floor later this week yes
you get it no no no garbage push your
tractor push oh now he's just mad and
one set and all is quickly forgotten and
now he's playing with this again good
yeah good you look it and push that
thing well you're
Oh your Hulk your baby hole are you a
baby hole you're a big hole I wanted to
show you guys how well Boston's alley is
healing from his surgery you can kind of
see that the like black spots those are
just little bits of the glue and the
rest of it has kind of worn up on its
own kind of having a hard time keeping
focus there oh that's a good one
yep looks really good ha busted
yeah okay should we show everyone how
dirty your room is yeah look at messy
euro beds we go get it cleaned up don't
we mm-hmm
hey where do you think you're going you
are gonna hear is far you don't have a
clue of what we're doing where we're
going you handsome young men are getting
the boat ready we are at Bear Lake and
we rented a boat and Lincoln and Boston
are at home with a babysitter because I
felt like I didn't want Boston out here
in the Sun that long cuz he's still kind
of creamed he's still kind of I don't
know anyway we're here and we're gonna
go on a boat and enjoy the day out on
the water
Jonah's gonna get Ellie's hat not
daughter that I had sopping wet that
would be really funny but not really I
bet you're wondering how come Joel
hasn't told the story oh one time we
went boating and we lost the Hat stayed
at the lake for three days the third day
floated back up when we go that's crazy
good job Joe
Cheeta Cheeta uma feel it go oh yeah
can you see it be sure is he laying on
you all that's so sweet
he is a coupler I know thank you where
you just going I want to jump but I'm
nervous I'm just often do you know how
deep it is
oh yeah it's very experienced why didn't
know all I guess we're pretty far out
okay just kidding that was a really
silly question you see me risking you
gotta stop rocking the boat Joel I see
you rocking the boat yes I do don't rock
the boat don't tip the boat over well I
gotta tell you oh oh you better just go
just go ready yeah
oh man bye bye oh my job high five did
you heart mine hey put that flag out I
got a little one in the water look at
you like this summer Olivia's blossomed
in the water she was scared of it all
the kids were Cody still a little timid
Boston's scared of everything look at
look at Olivia just jumping in like I
remember going boating with my friends
as a kid and being so scared cuz I just
thought the lake was the same as the
ocean did you guys think that when
you're a little think that the lake was
the ocean sharks and mountains that are
gonna fight my feet remember those those
pictures we showed the other day Olivia
of sharks jumping out of the water
keep my baby girl safer at captain
doesn't sound great I was boating one
time and I was on the tube and this was
coming it came up over my body and it
was on my neck and choking my face
and Kyle Garcia reached like he like
grabbed his fingers underneath mic like
he like no like this and ripped it over
my head and like literally sink right
that is yeah
put a rope on
are you excited for your turn okay hop
in Coppertone okay you can jump in be
pretty excited Cody Clark all right I
need a good co-pilot Yeah right okay
buddy can you give me big thumbs up are
you excited I let it be a little closer
to the bow
yeah no let him go out let him go out
all right
yeah you got a present don't ya see how
happy the air see how fun that is you're
gonna laugh I'm not gonna cry right I'm
going to get you yeah he'll definitely
want to go faster than Olivia
money
maybe you can go faster next time yeah
captain captain Olivia she's turning up
the heat
she is Oh our Sheila our recon Olivia
Wow we are actually like we're putting
some weight behind us look at this guy
he's frozen
him and Olivia have the have a sucker's
going on and they're not really doing
what for heating them up at all
the splash on the side that's the best
to get your hand in any better up turn
to get up too much Olivia sorry oh sorry
I'm just great this is true love right
here Joel is rubbing my feet with lotion
so that I can hurry and put some
eyebrows on before we go out I'm not
gonna put any makeup on because well my
skin is fried and we're kind of in a
hurry makeup look at you and I'm like
hurry my feet are dry put some lotion on
my feet and I'll put my eyebrows on
what's amazing is she did it even though
I was like jostling her one not straight
lines on fleek doesn't really yeah the
alarm on it is very annoying let's go I
just don't never want to look they're
trying to say goodbye and you don't want
them to leave Thank You Heidi
what else can we talk about before you
as many go in well this is a nice loving
purple yeah I guys ever did you guys
ever see the inside of this no is that
awesome I love it
we had a very good ending to the summer
activity today how much yes was over
Christmas is here no it's not don't talk
about that we haven't even had hello
Halloween and Thanksgiving just like
Christmas
leave what I'm going into our house look
either we had an awesome night thank you
guys for watching thanks for the company
today you guys thanks everyone with us
so much fun have dinner have a
babysitter she's gone yeah okay do you
guys later bye
