are you ready to see the most handsome
boy you've ever seen in your life this
what you can't put on your nose I want
to see your new haircut your
kindergarten haircut he is changing he's
changed in his looks and he's changed in
his like behavior my sweet beautiful
loving little boy is such a turd nugget
all the sudden aren't you it's because
you're wanting to be just a boy you
wanted to play okay back to the most
awesome haircut of your life Oh focus
okay so look at me and you're going to
well it start on this side okay I know
it's like a little bit punky but like
he's so cute and it gets rid of all
these calyx I shave as calyx off because
they're so crazy and slowly this way
look forward like look at that blending
on the side I feel so proud of myself
that's like the hardest part you look
handsome and she would tell him what
we're doing today we go is full of
shopping we're going back to school
shopping infrequent okay I turn the
camera off by accident when I was
flipping it around we are going back to
school shopping let's go shopping
well we're going school shopping then
for kindergarten you are my new little
kindergartner I hope you are so nice to
your teacher you promised to be a good
boy
mm-hmm okay I'm counting on you huh
means I'm like rooting for you I'm
hoping you're a good good boy you will
be okay let's go find Olivia and let's
get going
yay okay
I love you I love you what's that candy
get out of here
you want to see something else handsome
as heck this is my grandpa hmm just
seeing him as a viewfinder like kind of
choked me up just a little bit this is
my grandpa my mom's dad so handsome
right so handsome and handsome men get
beautiful women look at my grandma are
you kidding I know this is a little
random but like freaking look at her
look the way she's standing like are you
kidding me doesn't like I can totally
see my mom in there I can see a little
bit of me and they're not gonna lie
door what's the song sniffing Edwards
game's postal what's the song
in their words Finch boy store no wonder
here you see his good answer
we like Smith and Edwards and uglies
when we're here to look at cowboy boots
for Cody so wait a minute they're
wondering why hasn't Joel told the story
already oh my my brother worked here my
brother Jeremiah worked here and every
paycheck he had was spent before it even
made it out of there this place has
everything you want my cousin's used to
have line and stop here too and they've
come into town on this kind of fun Oh
God who put these little baby boots and
I've been handling ah for those baby
boots in the car Tommy I did I did hey
okay okay I only got a whole bunch of
these plates and bowls and it's the
texture of them that we like so much
they're like hearty like we have yes you
like the green oh that's why I got the
color green otherwise I probably never
would have gotten that color anyway
Ellie got those so I am totally cooking
here and getting some too
I don't know if we're gonna find any
boots yeah yeah okay now walk around
well walk normal coach can you run how
do you run all the way to that that back
and they arm back
hurry then I run back no oh that's far
run back
yeah after good do you feel like they're
gonna stay on your feet
yeah yeah the villain do you like oh
yeah
don't want to look at them on you I want
to see what we think do you like them
are you excited to wear em will ya what
boots well I think he's gonna grow to
like them because mom likes them ya
wanna yeah I kind of like those balloons
to go well we made it to Salt Lake City
I'm here with the kids a City Creek
Center and Joel is a home with his
parents at his parents on and he's going
to be doing some yard work and some
chores there while I'm here with the
kids some that's where he is and this is
where we are oh my gosh yeah look at her
 yeah it's so fresh yeah yeah
let me try oh my gosh look at her butt
it's yeah where did you guys hear this
for our friends help our neighbors
family
ah came that's a weird lady fun okay
cute cute cute sweat out oh okay thank
you for back tags in the back tags
everywhere okay yeah so I don't even
wear anything under it let me see that
is so cute I thought it was a shirt but
it looks more like a dress I bet you
could either wear it with just sandals
when school starts and then when it
starts getting colder you can wear some
Lightning and Barbies because you have a
good kid that looks like this and she
doesn't really so Barbie has an outfit
like that huh that's so Carol of yeah
looks like a dress
yep kind of like a dress you feel like
if your plant open tarde no I know the
bed
I feel so frustrated I usually get
Cody's pants from hmm and these are the
pants that they have here
they're huge up top and they're a little
bit too short like they need to make
longer skinnier pants uncle Fogle has
that problem too
I feel like I don't they're not tight at
all on you I don't know where they have
the last year the great hands of the
kids ever so cute
we've got a shirt whoo-hoo lame lame my
fan of doing online shopping for sure we
could have done all of this for Olivia
on my whatever sizes everything is just
his pants is what I need to try on
so frustrating scared back those I
didn't hear daddy does are if you don't
like these you know had to wear into
school these are just some sweatpants
for you to wear
yes well Cody over there found a friend
he's been playing over there Olivia's
plane in the water and we did not find a
whole lot today was kind of a bust for
shopping
I thought for sure we'd be able to find
a whole bunch of cute things in here
usually when I'm not looking there's
tons of cute stuff and the kids are sick
of shopping I'm sick of shopping i we
didn't really find a whole lot well I'm
not tons not tons no huh just a little
so I think we're going to head home
did you get your razor I can't pull them
right as my god Cody don't get super fat
I shouldn't say don't get super wet it's
either yes or no you either get whether
you don't
oh he just got it in the face he just
got it right in the face but honey of
course I makes it all grim glossy mighty
shoes should show grandpa see what he
thinks to your boots code are you a
lesson now
Oh
your futures did you show grandma those
yeah that's what she insisted on let's
see oh yeah Shan says oh I'm not even
cold my hair you look handsome are you
worrying about are you worried about
being camera-ready
oh sure you look great
Boston I thank you sorry I've been
brought have you pretty fancy I like
those boots are they going to hear me oh
he's here he needs a half he does okay
so we got her to sweatpants and then
they didn't have the sweatshirt that
goes with in stock so they'll send true
hey Edna provider the pink okay yeah her
jeans 30 pitch stretchy Jean pink hearts
and that I thought was a t-shirt but
it's a dress and we'll put yeah it goes
almost to Annie's Oh feisty me I like
you tell Thea and when it gets cold she
can wear leggings under it yeah kill
they didn't have a much for Kody we
didn't find much for cooking
yeah driving always makes me so tired I
wish I could fall asleep I know all of
the kids are asleep so joel is gonna
take them in I'm gonna start editing the
video and we're gonna end by trying to
find something on TV or show all of our
shows are like done we have nothing to
watch I kind of got bored with
bluebloods
nose a blue bloods thick please fun yeah
blue buds that ride was it's not so
funny yeah we got Florida down a little
bit
it's good yeah we have a few no we don't
even have any feel at all that's right
hitting in four beats ran out we sit for
watch we should exercise okay we are
gonna end the vlog here so we can end
our night so thank you guys so much for
watching we'll see you guys tomorrow I'm
sure it is
