we are feeding wire from this room
through the conduit through the ground
out to our uh electrical pole is what
we're doing I tried pushing you man oh
my gosh it's working whoa
there's a pot cool hey mister spider-man
all the pipes that were using Oh going
through there dad just is oh so the
string on Jill's end broke so we had to
pull this back in so we had all of this
fed through the conduit all that and
back into here so all of that was fed
through and his line broke on his end so
now we have to re thread it so so it's
not very happy that's okay it's
understandable
no that mad though indistinct yeah okay
I'm gonna go turn on the vacuum okay and
it's going to start it'll pull this
tight and you'll have to like help unfit
it off cannot let it come off odd I
really hope honest
you know
we've got back on my garbage can I think
I should be seeing some string by now
but I'm not so we better go find out
what's going on on Bonnie's and on
Bonnie's and tire yeah that's a good
idea
are you mad um are you no no not at all
I kind of thought the string might break
regular screen so do we need to do
anything to prevent this from breaking
again or we just try it oh my god
this wire on my shed okay do you say
waste that to some while they're walking
out there the conduit comes out of the
concrete well under the concrete all the
way under
it was buried all the way out and it
goes all the way up that pole so that's
what they're doing okay you didn't
really yeah all right we finished up our
chores today we did a lot of work today
we got all the way cleaned up all the
kids took naps and now we're heading
into the cash County Fair
hi Rupert you said you wanted to ride
the horsey
you don't wanna I'm gonna be so sad if
you come look Cody's pet in the horsey
it clicking nice he is Coco's been so
excited for you guys to come back
Oh Cody you gonna ride Coco okay so the
horsey that Olivia is writing this is
Coco and Olivia you wrote Coco when you
were like two you were younger than
Boston look how sweet you look he looks
okay see you later
oh my lucky stars look who's on a horse
his face looks a little not happy busted
yeah well that's but okay it is oh is it
a yo he yep I see that he do he he looks
older don't move it around a while
you think he was waiting for you Boston
awesome ready root beer are you is that
root beer yep
Oh as I just been oh I love it
Boston I'm so glad you're smiling hi
baby boys so cute Cody you look so
handsome I saw you smiling on that horse
wait wait expired he's playing cool and
shy but I saw him smiling on that horse
did you have fun code yeah Ellie and
Jerry got here and they're riding out
there Olivia is somewhere Oh yep
Olivia's over there on the horse with
Jackson so we're standing here with the
babies aren't we fun Lincoln and cow
hello guy are so big do you want to ride
the elephant with Olivia 200 I though
okay me and Ellie are gonna go on the
ride an elephant right together and
Olivia and Cody you're gonna go ahead
and own it like forever
each year what however beautiful look at
the flowers in her hair oh my goodness I
look how fun
oh my god I know I love it looking over
ears that really is awesome I know
they're teeny they're so that's what
Cody and Olivia said it's so big well
you can't even hardly see him on here
it's so pretty I love her headband yes
hold on ladies hold on it yep there he
is oh wow oh you really do have to hold
on oh she told me she's like hold on and
I don't know why I didn't see I had
think I had to hold on but you really do
think I could do this remember on the
dodge there where they they're not haha
Shawna is beautiful
how much fun Wow oh just kind of crazy
he just not you the coin you steal deep
secret video snuck into the cotton candy
yeah you notice tsunami what happened I
looked over in his hands were sticky
sticky ping here a naughty little babe
look at him look at him he's like oh how
am I supposed to take that away
look at him no no no you don't need that
he was in your hand oh that's for me
Boston did you find a green one okay
good stuff
that's what I was waiting for
it's
like my favorite thing I've ever seen
dirty as you can get
he's desperate
oh my god you can have a diaper that's
just fine
are you kidding me that was so funny
there's a duckie contest go on the other
side Cody as soon as they get ready good
okay bring in the other side bring me
the other side come over here Berea
Boston look look at the duckies no I
don't think so this is back here oh
they're having a ducky race he just got
yelled at hey kid get out of the water
get in the water
name that movie my favorite that's power
favorite that's our movie we love that
movie stop that is our movie isn't it
watch that longtime you should go and
watch the notebook this tractor right
here there's a price tag in it three
hundred and thirty six thousand dollars
for this tractor yeah wow that thing is
expensive
oh we're ending the night on the ferris
wheel I wish that they could have been
interesting one become you're going to
sit all as a family in the ferris wheel
but we were able to I cannot believe how
pretty it is up here this is my waited
for all night so fun fact I sang at a
county fair with my Alfa and another fun
fact is I met my husband at a type of
hair like this I broke up with one of my
boyfriend's in a place like this what
can I say and the carny and I love it
here
this is beautiful
can you guys look at me smile is this
not amazing up here it's beautiful hi
baby
that was fun yep I'm a little tired but
tonight was a lot of fun
little tired the wired the kids are
wired like a pound of cotton candy
pretty huge map before we came I gave a
crash they played and yelled and
screamed fun last year when we came to
this we almost didn't come because it
was raining and I was extremely pregnant
I'll put a link to that video a week
before uh-huh that's next week is his
birthday
yep Iowa also I was very very pregnant
this is this birthday to 17th the night
tea thank you yeah turns one yelled I
were this is our stop lady okay well
we're gonna get in our car and we'll see
you guys in our next video bye guys
hi guys
