when did you pierce your ears now today
no just a minute ago he did coke it on
your pants Oh broke it on your beds run
run run Cody take your blanket with you
get your monkey Olivia hmm get all of
your toys off of your bed okay aunt Oh
No
nicely we spent a lot of time cleaning
your room today it yep let's get it
cleaned up it is bedtime Cody come on
Boston I do not want you to get off your
bed again nope you're gonna climb up on
your bed it is bedtime what did you say
lean look fizzling and good really good
and that means I need to get the camera
off and be a little more serious
say good night everybody yeah mama I
need to tell you something my dogs
SuperDuper dry Hey as promised here is a
picture of the mirrors and the clock for
some reason like I measured this a
million times I thought it would barely
fit but I don't know it seems really
small up there and I know it looks like
a lot of silver but why need to get like
flowers and decorations and I think
it'll break it up really well anyway
we've been getting a lot yesterday we
spent so much time doing little things
like putting that underneath there there
was trim that we had to finish right
here and then this whole thing was
uncovered in there so Joel did that and
for the second time we got our sink done
and we had to pull this out so that they
could like grind this smooth because
they left it like rough and raw so it's
like yesterday I swear was just a day of
redos and that kind of stunk but you
gotta do trying to do so I I don't know
what you guys think when I like blog
this type of stuff I I don't know baby
wait that's what we're doing so that's
what I've lost
Lincoln is ready for a nap boys are out
waiting for me so I'll see you at
lunchtime so Lincoln's going down for a
nap Olivia basically takes care of
herself and I have the boys Cody oh whoa
whoa whoa where's this so white oh it's
like adjusting to the Sun where are you
there you are that took forever for the
camera to adjust um I have you cute boys
and I put you in matching clothes was
your head hurting this morning did we
get you some medicine for your head
anyway Boston has a doctor checkup today
for his um tonsils and his throat stuff
and I'm and as soon as we're done we'll
run some errands so anyway that's our
plan and we'll be able to do all of that
while Lincoln is down for a nap and then
I should be home and we'll have lunch
yes I make them hold hands because this
is the site I want to see this is what I
want to look at it melts my freaking
heart what can I say Boston you're
almost taller than Cody you're almost
the same size you can run up the ramp if
you can get
yeah you're gonna catch up to Olivia
don't trip please don't trip please get
Rossi's like it ralph and look at this
you got the record Ralph one yeah and
what one did you get from Livia that was
so nice of you technology and said that
it is it was a pyro Brussels Texas and
that there was no cancer in there and
that as a doctor said that he is so good
so all is well and happy and I thought
I'm in a long fun you thought he's going
to push the wrong button yes yep yep
easier yes II that you can go through
the door go have fun yes the mmmm czar
for you guys there and that is for Mom
okay listen I want to know if you guys
had fun that's a watermelon that is a
really cute watermelon I just dyed red
and green red and green good job yeah
you can I'm sure during quiet time we'll
watch a movie and have our street okay
yeah how is he so big how are you so big
he's just want to hold that well I
turned one-years-old make these mirrors
I gotta be careful I was sitting here
like lifting my shirt tucking in my
undershirt like I have to be here
Vasil funny you can see me I will find
wreck-it Ralph no here put your treats
right here and when Lincoln goes down
for his nap you guys can have your M&Ms
and we'll watch record Ralph Olivia let
go there we go
yep yours is orange yep
now listen we're gonna go down and we're
gonna get the laundry room cleaned out
where's your pocket I got the lunch yes
that's right that's not for later so
we've got a lot a lot of this stuff has
been cleared out but there's still a lot
this needs to be cleaned out I want all
of this gone like this room needs to be
clean yes not right now right now we're
working a third party okay
I gotta just show this while bonnie was
gone I was doing some work around the
house and I was watching a video with
Olivia and I'm showing this video you
recognize that little gal that's
Pollyanna and I have to say this just
reminded me like my mind was flooded
with with Grandma Carrigan again going
over to her house going over to my
uncle's house that live up by there and
watching this show every time I watch it
I think of Grandma Carrigan so enjoy
that can i I don't know like a lot of
kids don't watch these old school shows
but these are the shows I like I'm kind
of a sad not sad
I'm just old school like I like the old
musicals I like the old stuff the old
shows what I do old school when we
didn't kiss our babies no Joe I am not
sure what I think about you putting my
child up there look at him you like we
have side out already
we keep the other one in storage no give
my baby down I just figured you know
we've got to keep all of our spares down
here you have a spare kid it's not a
spare kid he's me oh he didn't love that
you didn't want a he's gotta be on a
lower shelf huh doesn't like the higher
ones let's find a little okay no Joe's
like playing and I'm like I stopped it
and he's not a toy hey come on dad give
me down yeah he wants to get down come
on that's gotcha okay we're making
progress in here we're getting rid of a
lot of junk this is relative we're we're
shifting the sand it's like we're
picking up one palace and here just
really good huh we're getting rid of a
lot of junk too we're clearing out how
did you how did we even accrue all of
this I don't even like when we first
moved into this house it was empty
we're never gonna fill this up this is
amazing this is we built or we bought
too big of a home and now it's like
now we have like so much although this
was genius yes I love it such a good
idea it feels all that'll happen in here
that's yeah it's just like an intimate
unimaginable unimaginable Oh jaunty
little tune I'm never comfortable
showing you guys my laundry room but I'm
going to show you anyway because it is
all the way cleaned out can you believe
this I never thought it was gonna be so
that was all redone when we did the
basement but I have one set of shelves
right there with like craft stuff in it
and this is the most organized it has
ever looked in my entire life Wow anyway
and then I've got my little desk that I
had from Santa Claus when I was little
and I think it's going to be cute to
have like some cute pictures up here or
something it's not painted it might not
ever get painted I don't really know it
I'm sure that it will when we're done
like maybe in a couple years when we've
been done with the remodels for a long
time because I just don't think anyone
in this house is up for any type of
anything else we have the rest of the
rugs from our carpet uses are left over
it's kind of nice I'm glad we have it
I'm way buddies right yeah this is
amazing Joel we've been talking about
this for years I can't believe it's like
here here this is some time here like
we're standing in a room we've been that
we didn't actually think was ever gonna
happen and was kind of fun and sat on
the couch and have both doors off is to
see all the way in it's kind of fun this
is fun this is fun I haven't had much
more fun than this
hi oh yeah you're not asking cuz I'm in
here hands
oh my lovin your head look could you
stand there yay he's like oh did you see
the method holding me right there I sure
did John big trouble for that yeah Jim
yeah Jim are you going where you dad's
time to have the night out what yep for
me Joe is taking the night oh yeah and
he was going for wheeling with I'm sure
uncle Jared do you promise you will be
safe always um pinky promise
yeah okay do you promise you'll be safe
this man what Canyon you're going into I
know I'd not attorney he'll text me and
tell I'll tell you okay well I think I'm
gonna I think this is the perfect place
to end the vlog because I'm just gonna
be folks some kids are you like ready
honey okay he's out of here no I can
stop for any reason okay goodbye I'm not
sure what I'm gonna do with the kids
I am they all need a bath we're done
working for the day we've worked our
guts out did you give him a piece yeah
it was nice cake please dr. Minami what
no no no okay please no more no no no
okay no more you cannot jump in the crib
because we don't want to break it don't
do that again okay
we'll get some more okay like I said we
are gonna end the vlog here so I can
focus on the kids you guys we'll see you
in our next video bye Olivia's ending
the night with a little bit of Superman
a little bit of flying bit oh look at
her wrap her legs around him like you
are kidding me
I have been sitting there doing dishes
in my beautiful farmhouse sink no leaks
no scratches no nothing and I've been
watching these kids and I thought I'm
not gonna pull the recorder out another
recorder I'm hugging to pull the camera
out I'm just gonna enjoy watching them
and I couldn't help it like this is my
heart right here it's my heart right
here until they start talking to me and
then I'm like that get away
