do you know what you're doing it looks
like you know what you're doing what do
you think do you think he knows what
he's doing I think you know what you're
doing you are an expert in making a mess
and being in the way but that's what
babies do that's what babies do yeah
babies do name that movie get off of the
roof uh do you know what you're doing
sir do you know what you're doing we're
gonna be nice and toasty all winter long
right I kind of feel stuck
okay don't really want to climb down
this ladder was this footage really
worth it I'm not really sure get off of
the ladder last night Olivia and I went
and did a little Disney photo shoot we
took her princess dresses and we went up
into the woods like up a canyon and did
pictures and I cannot wait for everyone
to see him did you have fun but now can
we took a bunch of props with us and
we've really got to get a Livia's room
situated again sure okay
look how compared to this one this one's
much bigger well so if there's the top
that one ends there and then Olivia's
keeps going this one has rips through it
and it's too small and she can't get it
on anymore let's see they count up
sticks aw yeah there's like snack it
looks like socks
and when those pictures are ready for
everyone to see then we'll show
everybody won't we but we got her some
dresses that fit her and we did a little
photo shoot it was the cutest I was
dying I was dying the whole time but now
seriously we got to get things cleaned
up don't we
okay so that's what we yes your snow
white dress is out there stuff okay
let's get cleaning I'm not excited to
put all your crap away tada room is put
back together there we go here we go you
take a good nap put that in your hand
cuz he likes it for when he's done with
his bottle good night good night
I'm glad you couldn't be in your clean
bedroom good night thinking so you do
know what you do hate you sometimes
you do know what you're doing Joel it
looks nice it looks good Joel got this
I'll put up cuz this is what the masonry
is that what they're called masonries
I'm Mason that's what the Mason guy
needed to put the this stuff on he
needed to put this on this Arthur I had
no idea that this is how you put a
fireplace together so these logs there
they feel like styrofoam like they're
not heavy the way they like they look
like real logs but they feel like
styrofoam
you wouldn't think they'd be so
expensive with how they feel anyway
those are the little glowing embers once
the fire starts and your hand pick them
and put them in there I literally had no
idea like just never even thought about
asking me put the basement where to go I
didn't to be honest I did not see you
put the basement one together those
instructions that even tell them where
to put the little pebbles of Ember
we're not we're not put the pebbles of
member Steve Austin's ally he cracked us
foot you know and it got a little Ally
under his toenail hi Boston
it's tough guy though huh get his face
we put a pile right here that's where my
leg is the garbage can kids have been
outside playing with it Cody look at his
hands and feet in length we're cleaning
up so that while Lincoln takes his nap
but these guys can have quiet time
Michael must read movie downstairs
Michael my mouse we didn't even do my
hair have a bummer scrub it up dad three
dirty kids summit floor have a bath
later
in the dirt up top oh no it's gonna fog
up cuz it's cold in here and hot in
there that's what happens when you have
frosting it's all new ground for me I
took a bite of cake and mine had the
frosting and I gave Jill one who needs
frosting so this is the this is the
fireplace when the flame isn't on with
just the lights I kind of like just the
lights for this oh come on for the
summertime looks good job can you
believe what used to be here we had a
wood-burning fireplace that's what that
used to be Cody come and sit by me come
here kindergarten is starting soon and I
want to know if you even know any of
your letters you do okay we're gonna see
if Cody knows them first okay okay
horton hears a who
good choice I want you to point to the
letters and tell me what the names are
above lose the beat I mean go down here
at the bottom yes yeah a bc a bt j ok um
our man o P Q QRS TUV double what a b a
b CT
okay I blame myself completely Olivia
when when Olivia went into kindergarten
we practiced all the time and you knew
your alphabet before you even went in
and Cody I have not worked with you even
hardly at all
and kindergarten starts in a couple of
weeks you bit goofy boy what can I tell
you fun is going on if you see that you
have like teachers he's not nice
actually you're wrong yeah she's a
really nice teacher I was thinking the
same thing is what I just said and
actually she's really fun hmm
really she don't have a good attitude
with the teacher in and are you gonna
miss Cody when he goes to school
yeah okay okay it wasn't this ABC what's
this one oh what's this one okay who's
this one what again that is not a sippy
cup that is a doggie well there's that
one
Oh letters this one uh letters this one
see you
quick you you don't look at the TV
what's this one me no you know this one
well there's only you and what ones this
one yes yes yes yeah yeah what's this
one oh what's this one
oh you this one's you silly why why and
the last one is the Cody you're gonna be
just fine school yeah you're me just
fine it's cool walking forward while you
will fall you got a penis yes well
that's because I was looking at the book
not your face yeah look see those chairs
mom I feel scared right now
oh no I feel so scared
no I feel secured right Z thank ya man
Batman Batman you are Batman on defying
wrote I know and I think it's very
noteworthy it's a document Lincoln
sitting in the seat I'm pretty sure this
is the first time we've put in here can
you pee out at me that was weird
he looks so cute in there eating the
little snap pea is out there calm
relax move your arm he's kicking his
feet mm-hmm dance dance and bye okay
Boston's upset with the cameras at them
so I'll point it at the princess how
about that I know that it's cheaper to
buy a bigger thing of dish soap but I
like this size of one because it fits in
my hands so easy actually I really love
the little ones because it fits on my
hand a little bit easier but I don't
know I usually tend to go with this
little guy right here this size right
here what did she say get that out of
here we have a notepad a stepping stool
for the kitchen a little garbage can
since I have no room because I didn't
realize that my farmhouse kitchen sink
was so huge
cereal and milk do you know how long
it's been since we've had milk milk milk
and laundry detergent bread milk that's
being squished by Boston but he scares
me so I didn't want to say anything okay
even though we're really not good it's
not making it home I just say okay okay
the only happy one sure
jewel is quickly getting the kids put to
bed I am uploading my footage for the
day I'm going to get it edited so that
you can enjoy it tomorrow
Joel while I'm editing he's gonna hang
the mirror so they go on each side of
the fireplace and my clock I cannot wait
till you guys see it I can't wait till
you guys see it so make sure you
subscribe so you see the videos that
come out when we post them so you guys
thank you so much for watching I'll see
you guys in our next video bye
