the babysitter said that you chewed up
watermelon and split the juice all over
Lincoln's head did you do that why did
you do that the babysitter also said
that you insisted on wearing Olivia's
pajamas to bed yeah I couldn't find
anything Miami plan I let him wear Rhine
cuz he didn't have it and and what else
did you say that you buy stuff
watermelon down Lincoln's onesie well I
did one but did the rest
you guys have to be nice with our
babysitter's you had water fight yeah we
had water if I had cheat oh sorry yeah
and guess what she dumped a bumper
bucket full of water and I got wet and
also I wanted hey she don't down are you
serious Oh funny gala
she said that Boston was a good good boy
it's trying to be I don't see what you
males ready teaches bedtime her Lincoln
oh she said that you went to bed
perfectly look at him like he's so sweet
you can look at mommy
nice game but yes this is do I see his
little shiner grandma has a brass or
iron piggy and he was playing on any
come on
yep got his first little black eye her
ass black the little guys a little more
blacks data into the other day I'm this
morning Olivia Cody in Boston woke up
and they came in Lincoln's room got
Lincoln out of the crib and they've just
been playing with toys
I don't back in the crib yeah okay
that's okay
yes that's all right hey as long as you
guys are quiet I didn't care what you
were doing in here but then I had to
come in because I heard you guys all
fighting cause kata is making me crazy
like it's hot in here for you cuz my
must slip good for me oh why did you do
that you've been sleeping really good
that's all right seriously as long as
you guys are quiet I don't care what you
do
he's always looking good the glue is
starting to come off and he's been doing
wonderful he's been sleeping through the
night and he's just been happy for the
most part he hasn't had to take very
much medicine lately Boston does your
throat still hurt
no he's been doing really good the last
couple of days he's been taken really
big naps but he's been doing really good
are you trying to get your person in
there I saw you look at you trying to
put your person in the car Lincoln has
been trying to stand up on his own
look at him push that car oh my god big
big boy good job thanks Olivia it's so
sweet
these are my favorite wood toys can they
help babies learn how to do well maybe
yes I don't know firefighter chemical
things a little wiser
the kids just bombarded our head
Cody's already changed into a swimsuit
and the kids wanted to know what we were
doing today and
I don't know why we haven't told him yet
that skew no great-grandma Kerrigan went
to on the fourth of July on that fun
party at her house I'm I wasn't doing
very good there she was kind of sick
remember grandma's pretty old she was 98
years old
well grandma great-grandma Kerrigan she
she passed away this week yeah I see
good yeah that's what passed away means
yeah she died and now she's in heaven
feeling the father and all her sisters
who passed away too and great-grandpa
Kerrigan who I didn't ever meet and you
guys never met so we got to give you
guys Babs cuz you all stink then lied
out cause you're - no I go pinky yeah
you look good baby
you look good dad look nice Olivia turn
around let me see your pretty hair ah
yes and Boston is not help spit up yep
everywhere oh come on what mr. Parker
because I was saying Boston is not the
most excited to go but he's what still
just are you covering you ready
sweetheart you yeah I'm ready
you feeling okay I think so okay it's a
bittersweet I think I go grandparents
funerals but I think I don't know if
this is the same for everybody else but
I'm excited to celebrate grandma's life
I decided hear the stories and learn and
and I don't know it just you have a big
family reunion to sell her life you know
I'm grateful for it
your grandma's service was beautiful it
was amazing I think there are few
services I've ever been to that were
that beautiful and nice and simple and
not not forced yeah not over spoken just
just to the point and to what she really
wasn't that's how grandma was she wasn't
big invoice terse she was simple to the
point and just was amazing and it was
beautiful it was beautiful to hear these
stories these sweet little stories of
how my grandma lived she is the
generation that I cling the most to I
tell Bonnie this all the time if if I
could do anything it'd be to go back and
live among the generation that the t'me
made this country what it is and that's
that's the the Depression generation
those are those people who can take
nothing and make a country out of it and
that was what grandma uh Kerrigan was
she had nothing her and my grandpa but
now they that a posterity is unreal just
unreal and that's that's what's amazing
to me and and I think I will cherish
that and I will love that and just adore
her forever because of that I wish that
I could record more while we're here but
Joe's family there's several that don't
want to be on YouTube which that's okay
so we won't record a whole lot but I
wish I wish we could because
this has been a really really nice day
the children that you heard singing
those were all of Grandma Carrigan's
great-grandchildren and 96 of them there
were 96 and 96 great-grandchildren one
my grandma she was she's 98 years old
she weighs maybe 70 pounds maybe 70
pounds like wet but that feeble little
old body years and years ago had started
a apostate II and and it grew into 32
grandchildren 96 great-grandchildren and
then it just keeps going but that's all
one woman that's because like two people
lived a good life and they worked hard
and they didn't care about anything else
in this world but their kids their
family and that's what my parents I
think try to do they they they care
about their kids and their family more
than anything I think Bonnie's are the
exact same way their family is what
matters and and that's why the family is
wonderful she said there's not a bad one
in the bunch of them and there's a lot
of us and and even thinking about oh man
I thought not always been a good good
boy and and I know my cousin's haven't
always been good boys either we used to
get in trouble together but but there's
not a bad one in the bunch of us and
that means she just loves us and she
knows that she was proud of each of you
that we're good we're good people and we
have potential to always be good and no
matter whatever we've done in life or
anything you can always be good you can
always be better and she expected that
and taught us that and I love her for
that mm-hmm one of the main messages
that one of your uncle's was saying was
just to keep trying that's all that she
kind of expected of all of her posterity
was just to keep trying
you just try your best and that's all
you can do and it's enough there we go
we got all the family in here talking
just hanging out all of the grandkids
are outside playing letting us adults
just play huh-huh
we're kind of kind of just reminiscing
about the funeral talking about the
things we like I'm getting squirted with
a squirt got about that I wanted to take
a moment and tell my family how much I
love him and how much I care about him
and how grateful I am for my ancestors
for the people who have exceeded me in
life and who have taken care of me and
kind of taught me my grandma Kerrigan
taught my mom and my mom's taught me and
we're teaching olivia and cody and
boston and lincoln and i'm grateful for
these people that have given me such a
good life so thank you and thank you
grandma Kerrigan I love you so much and
we're going to miss you and I'll always
remember you by
look at my little crawler guy here he
has been so good through this whole
funeral to be patient I'm loving you all
day
yeah it was but now he's starting to
stand and getting ready to walk a little
bit of time holding him throughout the
funeral and it just felt good to hold my
children as I was thinking about grandma
and just how much she loves us kids and
their grandkids and everybody so this is
so fulfilling to me
my bad hi everybody
