do you guys remember in yesterday's vlog
how I put you to the kids to bed that
lasted not very long at all
Joel's out here working and one by one
the little kids came out to you you're
like fine to come out you're like are
you I can't seem Boston to bed so I
guess you're set out then the third one
comes out your sight all right the kids
came in my room got some candy went to
Lowe's with Joel and now Boston is
sharing his newfound love for play-doh
is the grass yeah I'm sure it's around
we'll go look for it
it's just such a mommy Charley's pushing
Cody
Olivia's being you know what
Boston's spirits have been lifted so
much since he's been home or since the
other kids have been home no he has
hardly any medication today
and he is doing so good I want to get
over here and show the sunlight coming
through the trees it's funny every
summer I love when the Sun comes down
through the trees like that I just love
it the kids playing in the yard but I
can feel a difference in the air tonight
it's a little bit cooler like it's gonna
start cooling off sooner and then before
we know it I was not gonna jump straight
into Christmas but we're gonna go from
September - oh dear Joel's been out here
Joel's been out here getting the trim
put around the door this was pretty bare
well like you could see like the
insulation is up Jonah looks good
you did a good job so we don't have to
paint it no I gotta get o that cuz
that's what I was looking at was like
what about the holes special vinyl
spackling okay
so you put it in then it'll just dry
hard nice you had to paint it it's so
nice when I come on orders aren't like
that it is coming on very late in the
evening
Julis still work oh my gosh joel is
still working outside that like almost
like chokes me up just a little bit
singing about there he working so hard
and making our house so nice I
appreciate it so much but I came
downstairs I just not very often do I
let the kids stay up late it's not very
often do i blog at night like this part
of my evening I never vlog because it's
like everything is done by now usually
I'm getting ready for bed right now
but the reason that I was feeling like o
is because Cody and Olivia you guys
being home has been the best medicine
for Boston you guys you guys are playing
and loving each other and there really
is something about having people around
you that you love because I've been how
I have been I mean I get a lot of
comments with people saying like hey
you're doing so good with the remodel
and the surgery isn't like all that you
know you're doing so good I have not
been doing good like I had a breakdown
and my mom that's what my mom has had my
kids for a week is because yes I think
so
hold on just a minute I hope Olivia's on
her turn into the Hulk she's really
wanting to get the green juice out of
there my gosh they're being crazies I'm
going to tell you I don't know if it's
the hit mama you be nice for mommy home
oh he's back to Boston and he wants to
go get some breakfast okay today we are
going to go get breakfast because this
is our last day for eating out all the
time because today our appliances are
coming we got our fridge our microwave
or oven and we are not gonna have to be
going out to eat anymore
and now that we don't have to I was used
to so we're gonna get some breakfast and
start a day with some huevos rancheros
old-school hashbrowns
so breakfast was amazing
Lincoln is down for a nap the kids are
downstairs playing because it is hot
outside and I have a very exciting a
project that I'm doing so these are
empty spice jars these are all of my
spices that are mismatched and so what
I'm gonna do is fill my little jars with
the spices and this is my kind of like a
spice drawer and this is where they're
all gonna go and I'm pretty excited
about that
so today I've just been like organizing
stuff I need to get my spices done and
then there's a bunch of stuff that I'm
taking downstairs to our new fruit room
that I'll show you it's all complete and
I want to show you guys a bunch of my
Aveeno product several videos back i
said that i was partnering with Aveeno
and they sent me a whole bunch of
awesome products and I want to share
with you some of my favorite ones so I
have never been one to use makeup
removing wipes and when they said these
to me I just thought yeah I'll try them
out I don't know if this is a good or
bad thing
but I swear they've replaced my showers
I'm like I just need to use a wipe and
it'll get me all clean and I don't need
a shower anyway these are something that
I have really been enjoying this I have
used this o summer long for me and for
my kids it is very hard for me to find a
sunscreen that I can wear on my face and
then I can put makeup over the top every
time I use any other sunblock it's
really greasy but this is like a lotion
this is like a lotion sunscreen and so
it rubs in and actually just hydrates
your skin and it kind of leaves it more
matte definitely not wave it like I was
able to put my makeup over top and it
looks just fine all day that's like the
number one thing that I look for in a
sunscreen other than it protecting my
skin and that was an SPF 50 so I didn't
have to worry about that and then just
the lotion that I talked about in my
last video I'm excited to go down and
put this on my shelf I'm just excited to
like stack them up I don't know if I
remember what I've shown you but I'm
excited to just like have these lined up
make it look all pretty like there's not
gonna be fun sitting on my shelves
downstairs and to top it off you know
has been so good to work with like I
sponsored brands where I like the
product but the company itself was kind
of a pain in the butt to work with these
guys are wonderful they're wonderful and
on top of that they are partnering with
the u.s. national women's team for the
Olympics so that's pretty cool too
bonnie has put the kids hard at work but
I really want to point out how Bonnie's
a simple person you know she just likes
to use the proper tool for the proper
job at all times I mean a hacksaw for a
box opener yeah why not these these box
cutters I don't know if you know that
but they can cut screws and you know
high-speed steel for that really rough
tape that shipping tape is so rough this
is so cute seeing like our kitchen get
put together and see him Bonnie in her
kitchen but I really am happy to see
Bonnie like I don't know like absorbing
into her kitchen just just taking it in
using it and making it her own and I
remember when we first moved in I
unpacked the kitchen do you remember
that yeah yeah it got repacked into the
kitchen the way she wanted it like we
did the kitchen I was like no no no I
let I let her sleep in I unpacked the
kitchen no I should have just got her up
early and made her unpack they had been
better off but she put it where she
wanted it and where she needed it and
that's where we've had and I'm excited
for her to make this her kitchen this is
her kitchen but the cold storage is mine
that's my little store and I just
remember my debt to heavens I gotta take
them down I saw them this morning yeah
what are you doing taking notes learning
how to be a little mommy
hey she there are no notes needed she's
like she's it she's the real deal
she is the real deal
while you finish setting stuff up Joel
I'm gonna go eat popcorn with the kids
okay okay are we gonna feed a ducky
should we feed the ducky I cannot wait
till we don't eat down here anymore
you don't need to down here too often
just sometimes and ducky popcorn is the
best popcorn one usually is addicting
aha like and I never teach that way
that's really good about that one
yep that's goldfish right that one thing
is um goldfish in just the best
watching no I said you stuff all the way
through the night last night didn't you
I slip upstairs without you and I missed
you flip the light on here so that you
guys can see the oven has the plastic
around it still I did not install a blue
oven but when they come to steal our
floors I don't want it to get on their
side so I'll just leave the plastic
coating on here's our fridge trace I
feel pretty happy about it I like the
way it looks in here I think it's
turning out quite well anyway so we are
gonna end our night we're having some
pizza nothing like good ol Little
Caesars ha Olivia
we've been eating out way too much but
guess what it's coming to an end this is
the when I go grocery shopping it ends I
don't even have to know we're only food
yep so all right that's it for today you
guys we'll see you later have a really
good weekend see you on Monday
bye guys
