he almost is ruining your birthday
surprise he's like mom got you a big
present what did mama get me today is
jolt birthday thank you very much and
it's fancy day at school so Olivia's
wearing her jewelry and address and the
fanciest that Cody wanted to get was
doing his hair yeah he doesn't like his
hair because it's too slicked today
Boston you're joining business day or
fancy day by going to sleep in a
collared shirt and jammy sure sure I
remember doing that with Ellie I know I
don't like love out
this morning usually how hyper our
mornings are he wants her to spin him
spinning you get mad Lincoln yes man
Oh everyone look how sad Lincoln is
Lincoln is oh no no no pouty mcboatface
oh you just wants to throw some now no
gym clothes okay Lincoln's outside with
your underwear on his forehead we we
didn't we didn't record any of this
because it was too crazy you make me so
mad you know many times I've told him to
stop stepping on that box and he's
sliding down the stairs on it it's a
cardboard box but it's why we can't have
nice things
this deccan smile it's like hey Bree sup
girl we gonna have a playdate today oh
good news in the dvds okay well I'm
gonna let you today birth date just
thought of that nobody in the world has
ever thought of that before
bye thank you you as clever you is smart
my hair what do it he's doing the
geotech you ready to go to the movies I
am a little depressed going into this
movie what we don't get a good popcorn
and trees and soda
we've been trying so hard to eat better
we got lots of cupcakes we gotta say
before and I didn't eat one when I was
making them yesterday and I didn't eat
one detector
it was really hard the computer we
seriously love Liam Neeson what I do
have are a very particular set of skills
I lack a certain set of skills I will
find you pick your seat no we have
designated seat we're gonna be able to
put our feet up in front of us and it
won't matter
yeah we're gonna get a small finger pop
with Cheetos mixed in it and my dad just
told me I could get a treat take our
seats what you look at it what you look
at it up once yours that she knows
you guys want to watch a super super
good and super suspenseful movie the
commuter is amazing but if you take the
train for a living don't watch it yeah
we're trying to think of the best place
to come for Jill's birthday and he
starts naming my favorite restaurants
I'm like trying to keep my wife happy
I'm gonna let her to not have somebody
hold the door ridiculous
yes yeah yeah kind of nice going out
what it's like not busy everything's
like open and as our date is ending why
did you look at me and ask me why my
hips were so big and then smile hmm I
wonder where olivia is maybe she's
around the corner howdy doody ma'am
looks awesome
so anything crazy goes do crazy socks I
enjoy it
olivia is dying to set up the table for
Joel would you like me to carry that
over in case you drop it you don't think
you'll drop it well I'm just gonna trust
you and we'll just see what happens
right she would go down and get dad's
present and bring it up it is a little
heavy but you did help me carry it down
to the basement I believe you can help
me carry it back upstairs okay yes turn
the light on thank you
the kids are stuff Lincoln you'll tell
Dad you guys have the card so you wrote
him how about we let Boston carry up all
the cards but don't show dad we're gonna
give everybody a baby
okay you guys walk backwards like this
yep
Joel you gotta close your eyes okay go
upstairs go upstairs go upstairs
colas your eyes busted go turn the
lights off and close that door and the
laundry room door so linking can't go in
there no but Hudson do the cold room
okay you can open your eyes now job you
guys are working so hard good thing
Lincoln's closing his eyes you guys are
so strong you're working so hard all
right you guys all have your card rum
fruit from Cody holy looks like you tell
which like I said that there is no at
Joel holy never okay Cody Jolene and
Cody love Oh
we're huntin Lincoln no Lincoln looks
drunk early I like that one oh that's a
good heart - Joel from Boston oh did you
write your own name yeah good job bud
from Boston is that you that's me and
that's you listen your head is so small
an animal where's my car from Olivia -
Joel my name is not Joel it is dad I
said I was like where's Rachel I think
it's fun for them to write job when I
first opened my eyes I knew that you
would be my favorite dad you make my
life are you listening you make my life
when I am sad and I love you - oh thanks
I'm not sweet she wanted to write you
the most heartfelt letter she could
for goodness it is so fun because I was
like man why didn't I do 32 candles in a
cake 36 thank you but they'll age me too
early
how am I gonna blow these out it's gonna
be impossible to get one wish my wish is
not gonna come true this will look cool
y'all have a good wish you kids will
just have to all help me so everybody's
gonna have to help me wall mount what he
saved us one cupcake so that was good we
are gonna set some ground rules
no one's gonna blow these candles out
when I say we're gonna do the hospital
okay okay you have okay sure I don't
know what I think of this okay resume
your seat you light your own candles
Cody everyone scoot back Lincoln can you
scoot back okay Joe that's a little much
don't you think
oh my gosh I'm like embarrass Lincoln
can you sure yeah it's not working it's
not Joe it's not working
so this is no this is not fast all it's
doing is melting the wax and getting wax
everywhere look it's not even lighting
up
I feel like you're ruining your birthday
over me all right
happy birthday one two three
did you do it look we gonna get waxed we
got away yeah box I want you to eat the
burnt top one you already know I think
Joel knows because he hurt Olivia saying
he had to edit out Olivia settle on
camera so when he was editing I think he
knows but that's okay you don't know
what kind I think that this is one of
the biggest ones that they had and later
set this to Joel and they had to look at
their headquarters they couldn't find it
they looked everywhere and they're like
we have one more resource it's not in
any of our stores and they found one
like there's a pool table in arcade
kitchen where's the library there is a
like oh look there's there's a fireman's
pole and they really go down it oh this
is so cool
I'm so glad you like it I'm the
keymaster now that's a Ghostbuster Judi
I wouldn't help you no don't tell me I
we were hiding from Cody Tony hi so we
are hiding that's what you get when you
don't keep up with us a little scary for
a second
Joel we are a very nice daddy Olivia has
needed tissues in her class has been out
unlike Joel just get the cheap ones just
get them off friends when he's like I
physically can't I was just there last
night I can't do it he's dedicated to he
had to get the name brand with Vicks
nice daddy yeah don't you forget we're
gonna close the bug here if y'all I hope
you've had a really awesome birthday
whoa you're you're saying that as if
it's over and I've because like an hour
still left it's it's over these guys
we're gonna party okay
happy birthday Joel thanks Ali
he is the cutest and I flip and love him
do you love daddy say love you daddy
I'm not sure what that was
