good morning you wife Ellie came over
braided my hair for me this morning
brought me a cookie and a drink which
was very rejuvenating I'll show you what
I've been doing um
my kids are home from Grandma's grandma
brought my babies home to me and
Lincoln's done taking a nap and this is
the only way that I could contain them
to keep them out of my way while I
cleaned out Lincoln's room if you guys
remember what Lincoln's room did have in
it holy cow I have cleaned so much stuff
out I have been organizing my kitchen
and like just kind of getting craps put
away cleaned up it feels really good I
just need more time to do it so I'm like
okay guys please sit in here and watch
TV I know that my mom recorded while the
kids were at her house and so I'm going
to insert all that footage right here
it's been pretty hot today house note
Emma in kind of hot we haven't wanted to
come outside until it cooled off oh yeah
I did I call you Emma I did didn't I
Olivia yeah oh wow
Cody you're doing great
you kind of like it up there don't you
well I sure hope you kids have good
memories of coming to Grandma's house
do ya disappear will you keeping our
place clean up here it smells good good
kind of nice to have a place to come up
and get away from everything isn't it
know why I never can sleep oh I haven't
gotten sleep lost beauty well you've
been under a lot of construction haven't
 so grandpa is doing the dishes yeah
and the kids are outside swinging and
this little guy is ready for bed
oh Jenny like that who wouldn't be rad
he's ready to go
look I will tell you this it is a la
look I'm threatened see can you see the
sweat on my face yeah yeah well these
little guys they come with a lot of work
takes a lot of energy to raise these old
guy yes it dad just to keep track yes it
does
and there's so so worth it but like
every time I have them I have a renewed
appreciation for my girls and
daughter-in-law
and Amy doesn't you trying to ring the
kid yeah just have a renewed
appreciation because see the sweat on my
face it's work mm-hmm look I think he's
ready for bed no grandpa all right okay
I just have to show you this big this is
funny he likes that
you like that little boy there's a cute
little boy bye my little boy okay Olivia
why don't you show us what you're doing
tonight
like that I lost this one
and so I'm like so this one right there
is that the same one that's right here
in the bag okay all right well let's see
you're a long ways from home we'll see
how it works okay but there's a secret
way what they do you just like tip out
like that swim to where I can see you so
and she knows so there's a tooth which
is in the corner then she'll see it
really you said - okay well we could do
that that's a good idea
Olivia do you know that when your mama
was a little girl that she would put her
tooth underneath her pillow but
sometimes it would take weeks before the
Tooth Fairy would come she would wake up
and the tooth would still be there
and the Tooth Fairy just I don't know I
do know what I bet it was I'll bet that
there was just a lot of little girls
about your mama's age and the Tooth
Fairy had a lot to do so that's what
took so long just thought that girl yeah
maybe but this is a really good idea and
we'll just have to see if that works
okay okay well good night yeah
yeah sure love happen yeah sure love it
love it when the grandkids can come and
spend a little time at Grand Grandpa's
house just just the grandkids just a
little one-on-one with Grandma and
Grandpa you what it's really funny
Grandma and Grandpa let us come over
Oh God we'll do it Lots okay okay good
night hon so when I was bringing my eyes
closed them in there running looking to
make a thematic chemical look I found
this Angus play it says Happy Birthday
or likes I guess if it's your birthday
and you've lost tooth then they gave you
give you this let me turn the light on I
can't see you very good well what does
it say that happy birthday this is tooth
fairy calling that's what it says tooth
fairy coin that is so cool
I have never gotten this no I've never
gotten this no never
oh that is so cool but you thought it
said happy birthday huh that's cute nope
it says tooth fairy and that is a little
silver coin it's a really big yeah
that's actually a big silver coin isn't
it
you want to come inside well you are wet
yeah
what have you been up to under the dream
of them with the sprinkler will you look
cold but it's 100 degrees out there
good off yet okay well tiptoe in and go
get yourself dressed
I'll go get my pigeon pie that's what
yeah okay ready are you ready for dinner
yes okay we'll go get yourselves cleaned
up okay
let's see what you found to put on yeah
Cody c'mere hey so did you not have any
more clean clothes so so what what are
you wearing
grandpa grandpa's shirt okay well you go
sit down and we'll eat
I got crush on you you do and are and
who you gonna marry some day yeah oh
there you heard it Cody and I am and
your MA
for those the lady I don't you love so
the only thing left in this room that I
can't move or put away is this and so
I'm gonna Park myself right in front of
it so Lincoln can't get to it I think
kids want me to show you their outfits
yep they got into the Halloween costumes
which I usually keep in this location
yeah I'm Sookie I with it that was a
witch costume mmm-hmm used to take a
picture of you little I read the little
duck costume yeah and guess who's gonna
wear the duck costume this year
Lincoln Lincoln is changes his mind
between that and what the Hulk and this
is what we were doing a little mazes
Olivia wore it Cody wore it Boston where
I think you are half three bears but you
want me to put that on LI turn around
now
ARCA look he has a little black eye I
don't know if you can see it very well
but he has his first little black eye I
have some devastating news and I'm not
even kidding you so today as we were
getting the pasta put in we were so
excited about our sink and I leaned
forward on this can you hear that this
part of the metal separating from this
part of the metal so there's like a hole
right here you can't see it but you can
feel it and you can I mean the camera
doesn't pick it up so literally we have
to get a new kitchen sink and the thing
that I'm most nervous about is these are
not like the strongest cabinets once
they're chemicals countertops once
they're in they're in and he said they
don't crack they don't break but it's
moving them and so I'm really hoping
that when they cut here take this out
and get me a new one that it will not
break my countertops because if it
breaks my countertops we're going to
break some heads everything has to be
replaced so let's just really hope that
doesn't happen you guys I'm not like
kidding you like it
I'm leaking leaking leaking Honda's is
like I know he's was to grow hey oh you
guys you look so festive
Oh Boston Boston Lennon be leak ahead on
him leave the head on him
Oh sad Doug yeah sad duckie duckie
Oh see he wants to get down there you go
I'll leave us Harlan I like it oh you
guys I think we should what time is a
job you know
you notice but this this phone comes
with a pot built-in oh really it will
change the daylight savings time it's
338 oh my gosh I thought he's gonna say
5:30 okay well I understand your time
but it is not so get out of here okay
you'll get the fireplace installed and
we'll go to dinner when you're done how
about that we'll just go to dinner when
you're ready for dinner because when I'm
done
might not be the right job really oh all
this project every project we ever do
it's never going to go as smooth as you
think there are guys cheap as you mean
gonna cost twice as much is gonna take
us long yeah that was true but hey like
a mama hi I just like he goes I'm coming
so he can get right his face he has two
teeth oh he's not let me show you never
mind never mind
squeal
oh my gosh we're gonna try he's trying
to do gravity oh oh oh man spilling all
he wanted was the bottom Oh daddy
figured you job but oh there's no glad
using it well think about it my mom has
had these kids for about a week now
mm-hmm I had him for one day in between
but she's had and she said even though I
mean he is a mama's boy he loves me they
love you but he he did really really
good for her
he's a good sleeper huh I met you little
baby boy little baby boy I'm so happy to
have you home yeah
anything yeah ah it is bedtime it is not
time to play a choice because Olivia
loves to sit and play with toys all
night I love you so much
I'm glad you're home and that I'm home
you can play quietly if you stay on your
bed okay and if you make if you make the
lion stand red wait and if you keep
monkey on your bed but this was a
difference that because the next day I
used the car and I rubbed it on they're
gonna didn't like on this puzzle piece
then I get this shirt cause it was like
that it went back there where the
motorcycle start on the car and then it
went on this another woman's back and I
can go in there and then it went on the
airplane but I want you like to throw it
there but they're plain ones look like
they're yeah and you get to stay yet
because you're just not ready for some
reason well 9 for some reason but just
when when he's on the medication that
he's on he just he's not ready to go to
bed until much much later so don't flash
it in there don't flash it in there
don't flush it in their eyes
something I wanted to tell him is that
the way he talks has changed sounds like
hold on hold on okay there you go
yeah the way cuz it is ready last night
she just fight her everybody the way he
used to talk with as his sis was growing
it oh it sounded like he had peanut
butter in the back of his literally yeah
kind of oh yeah I didn't even realize
that the rasp oh my gosh a little sassy
voice is gone that's so weird and I've
slept with him the last week and he
hasn't snored at all not even months no
he doesn't snore and he was a huge
snorer where the back of the car he'd be
saw yeah but you don't snore anymore and
and he's your lump all gone he keeps
telling me my lung has gone we actually
ran into one of his doctors today today
one of the pediatricians so yeah grandpa
was not there Table one there have a
ball at the hospital yeah yeah grandpa's
at the hospital yeah he was wasn't it
yes can you tell everybody good night
hey thank you guys so much for watching
my sleep yep klasky Cody's gonna go
sleep and then you're gonna go to sleep
later
Haggar say good night yeah
oh and yes the kids did go to dinner in
their costumes yes they did
