good morning you guys I am coming
outside today to show you Lincoln's new
car seat I've never been excited about a
car seat before but I've also never had
a car seat as nice as this one before so
Graco is sponsoring this video today and
because it is windy and because it is
hot because Joel is in the backyard
being so loud I'm going to get in the
suburban do you hear those I'm going to
get in and show you all about this new
car seats oh my goodness it already
feels better in here than it does out
there it is so hot how many degrees is
it is 98 degrees outside so it's pretty
hot some of you are going where it's way
harder where we live so get over it no
this is the Graco three-in-one car seat
what that means is that it functions as
a rear-facing harness forward-facing
harness and a high back belt booster
rear-facing is five times safer for your
child so you want them to be rear-facing
for as long as possible my number one
complaint for we're facing is that I
feel like their legs run out of room
this car seat comes with an extra
extender that gives you five extra
inches for their little legs as they
grow my favorite feature is that it
adjusts so stinkin easily so you don't
have to rethread the harness through the
back every single time the kid grows
which is every other week do you like
your new car seat do you like your new
car seat you'll fit like a dream you'll
fit like a dream what do you say we keep
it clean for more than a day this does
detach and you can machine wash it which
I feel like is awesome this is going to
be the perfect car seat for all of our
summer road trips huh Lincoln
you agree kick your foot up and relax oh
if you guys want to check out Graco's
full lineup car seats I will make sure
to leave their link in the description
below
daddy has a little surprise for you this
morning me he yes he's bringing you
something
oh yeah something to eat you don't want
to eat something
well it's you what food is not surprises
hey okay I'm sorry
haha last night we did better we did
better he slept for two hour increments
instead of 30-minute increments so I was
still up like every hour and a half two
hours with him um but he's so sad he's
just like he's just a little miserable
the night times the night times are hard
he does not really do well at night um
he just cries and cries and like wanted
at one point like I just lay there had
my hand on his head and we both just
cried like I cried because I felt so bad
like I felt so useless and I know how it
felt like I remember just dreading going
to sleep at night when I had my tonsils
out because I knew how much it would
hurt and I don't know why the nighttime
hurts so much I think it's because like
you like open your mouth like it's dry
when you're breathing and I don't know
it's just miserable
it just is but daddy has for us some
breakfast
oh he he said that breakfast her food is
not a surprise I wasn't very happy that
Joe is bringing home like sugary
breakfast usually we try to buy
something that's a little better but I
don't feel so bad considering in the two
months this is the first time we bought
doughnuts Joe wanted to do something
nice and Boston's just not having it
thank you bring you a surprise treat no
bud what milk no milk is a surprise
drink
Johnna he's gonna love it I'm just like
I'm just like I would like some oh let's
don't normally oh my gosh I'm kind of
cringing that we're eating down here but
the guys are upstairs finishing the trim
in the kitchen so we're kept us out of
it
my mom realize what a crap hole that I
am living in at the moment and she's
gonna come get my kiss Cragen
can you share both of them where's your
other one let's see shine them on the
wall so I can see ah there's a spider
flashlight and there's a winky emoji
flashlight these are the only things
that have got you to be in bed happy got
your humidifier go whoop I'm shot camera
got a humidifier going you put a diaper
on him nope we did not hey should we get
a diaper oh yes I did yes I did yes I
did uh-huh it is currently 12:30 so
monster 2-1 is it closer to 1:00
yep we are going up Boston hours where
we go so I'll see him in two hours and
then he'll go to sleep for 30 minutes oh
where are we gonna go anyway Cup yeah
well our countertops are coming but if
you wake up early enough Alton will take
you to get some pancakes Hey ah does
that sound like fun
you get awake up early though oh he will
we'll go get panty cakes in the morning
right good night
good night we're gonna go to night it
was officially Christmas morning in the
holiness hold
so last night Boston was uh we went to
bed around 1:00 like we showed you and
then he was up every like hour and a
half well I just noticed his bruise on
his wrist from the IV which I don't
think worked because then they ended up
putting an IV down here anyway he
finally felt like a sleep asleep around
4:30 that's kind of his golden times
like 4 or 4:30 and he slept till about
7:30 so that was good
anyway in order to get him to stop
crying this morning when he woke up I
gave him all these presents I've been
kind of holding on to things that people
send so that I can give it to him
someone even sent their own personal
toys from home which which I thought was
super super super sweet and amongst
Boston's Christmas present someone sent
me
me the sweetest little package and
amongst the sweetness was the best part
of all was the letter and she says when
frustration anger insecurity knocks from
time to time invite it in for a cup of
tea talk to it understand it then take
that sugar spoon and poke all these
right in the eye and I don't know that
made me smile that made me laugh and I
will think about that every time I wear
the cute little things that she said
plus I really loved her cursive
handwriting that was really sweet
there's been so many you guys your
intuitions amazing your intuition has
been fabulous on what to send my take on
like Bossin surgery my surgery it's just
like tough through it and get through it
but you guys you send like the best
three year old gifts that's been what's
got him through what he's going through
I'm coming down here to show you guys
what Jill and I did all yesterday so we
got this room all the way we got this
room all the way cleared out Boston Road
howdy back and forth in here while we
set up our shelves and we're just
starting to organize it I'm excited to
get it like more organized so it's going
to look really cool in here it's gonna
free a whole bunch of space like in here
and through the house and the garage and
so we're going to be able to like get
our house really in order our
countertops are here and I think I just
want to flip and crawl out of my skin
and like scream as loud as I can these
are the most freakin beautiful things
that I have ever seen well first I want
to show you this truck this is how they
came which they look awesome oh my gosh
I'm gonna like refrain from like cuss
words right now because these are
beautiful you guys has anyone ever been
so excited to see your faces as me I
think people get a little taken back
when they show up I'm like yes you're
here get in my house getting like other
oh they're beautiful well that makes you
cringe this
what look at it would you look back
would you look at right here
um yes it's not too great at all oh no
it is here in that is amazing
who's your desk
yeah I got that on film
oh she's out covering his ears
his ears are big enough to put his hands
on big enough to cover your ears
we will start over here this is a
cabinet this is the mantle this is the
other cabinet this is the banister
almost lower so you can see the hope
this is the banister um I'm very happy
and very happy with it I feel like the
guys that came today did a really good
job and then here is the finished
product in the kitchen and we're not
allowed to touch it the glue is drying
the epoxy is drying so we need to the on
the tile will go up to there so you
won't see that but they put a piece in
the window seal and tomorrow we'll put
the faucet in there and yeah but anyway
these are the finished cabinets and
they'll what we have left to do is the
backsplash tile and the fireplace and
then we're done
they'll come back and they'll put a
polish finish on the floor when
everything is done and then we're done
like I can't believe that it's coming to
an end even though it's long overdue I
can't believe it's here so I think this
vlog has a lot of randomness to it but
to be honest my brain has been really
scattered and I had like these in
visions of like how I wanted to record
the vlogs when I was like putting stuff
in my cabinets and like the cupboards
downstairs and it's just I just couldn't
like I had a job to get done and I just
had to do it and
Boston like he's been on my hip like
he's been you saying goodbye
you have grease under your nose look at
me what's under your nose oh what's
going on that looks like candy or yeah
it's candy that's not like blood okay
don't you think we've just been like
super busy oh I feel like she's never
occupied projects yeah there's nothing
it's coming it's coming to an end
so anyway thanks for bearing with us and
I hope that you were entertained by this
video today we'll talk to you guys later
bye
