you never seen a man get his hair done
before I just don't understand why you
have to have her do it
I don't yeah last time I checked your
watt 30 watt five-flavor 30 30 30
luckily it took you 30 years to discover
the Bonnie doing my hair is so much
nicer than me and I don't know when the
last time you had a haircut was so this
is horny honestly long so okay this is
part of the Manley's thing I blame my
beautician it is my fault no it's not
fun but seriously Bonnie started doing
my hair a while ago and you'll notice
I'll never be the same oh this is bad
this is bad
put a hat on nice sweetheart you look so
cute I asked about in a bun it's
beautiful it's beautiful for our concert
so what we're gonna do tonight yeah you
know who we're gonna go to the concert
with Kate and uncle Josh hmm it has been
a while since I've been able to do a
manly things and today's manly things is
a daddy-daughter date with Olivia
SAP SAP yeah that's tar from the road
bubs
that's that's messy yeah Cody has been
like tearing this stuff ah yeah I like
sharing this stuff look I've been
telling you you shouldn't take it off
the world Wafaa earthquake cousin Matt
and Logan they have like now incident
with the mountains are a heavier oh yeah
so if you take Kansas City they have oh
okay did you catch that I hope you
caught that so we are stopping for some
yummy dinner for daddy-daughter date and
we are stopping at the one-and-only
Mattox here in Brigham City love some
addicts Scott why they ain't gonna come
oh maybe I'll have to do it daddy son
date up game welcome to Metta box for
any reason that doesn't matter a daddy
baby date I'll do that school shopping
mom she's gonna go school shopping okay
Olivia and I are going to go to a
concert tonight
but it's the Old Dominion concert and my
brother Jared was able to get us some
tickets to it so we're gonna go and we
jam to it the whole way down huh listen
to the CD got us pumped even though
that's a concert faux pas I think I
think you're supposed to listen to a CD
after the concert and I don't care it's
good I want to get your pumped and ready
ready for the new song yeah love with
the camera oh you're drinking it you
can't drink it see No hey that's a good
one
I think I'm teaching her bad habits but
look at that face
I did do it right how come Melanie
didn't get it come with us yeah who's
her babysitter Roberta near O'Meara de
Merida yeah so Merida is babysitting
Olivia's baby
she is Melanie and I think Olivia
Melanie could encompass reason having
two tickets and then we're gonna really
be giving us a hard time about three
individuals and we didn't have three
tickets so Melanie couldn't come she's
getting babysat olivia is a good mom huh
that's not even heavy and-and-and the
plates not even heavy that's good that's
good dining can you only use to go eat
the butter I did I did
I moved Olivia over blimey so that we
sitting in the way ourselves but
speaking of me being little and I think
you guys are all wondering wait a minute
Joel's doing a vlog and he hasn't told
the story yet Oh get ready when I was a
little boy I worked on an orchard I
think you guys are gonna know that and
we came into town with orchard owner him
and his wife and we were selling all of
grapes
they brought us to one of the stands out
here this is like Groote way or whatever
this thematic sits on anyway you brought
all the grapes up to deliver the load he
took me to get her to madoffs to a steak
dinner because I've worked hard I think
I was seven years old all the time I was
your age and sweetheart I'll bring you
here any day of the week huh yeah there
you go there's your one childhood story
for me Oh yummy did you put honey on
there too honey and the butter honey and
raspberry butter you're out of your mind
this is what this place is known for
their roles and their raspberry butter
you can almost lick this and just eat it
we got an old fashioned cream soda
I'm not cream soda and Bonnie is and
this is like I'm drinking this for
Bonnie but two straws for me and Olivia
for my mistake oh okay thank you mmm
chicken strips I get another cup of the
gravy as well thank you so much
it's gotta be piggies and someone I
always shut the thing oh that's one you
like good
dinner is served
I should smell it spicy that smells
really good right no I'm really glad
that I got to spend this time with
Olivia because she's just been cuddling
up show me shall we the good stuff
she's been cuddling up to me like just
telling me nice things we've been
talking about her turning eight
a year from now which by the way how do
you show this but she told the lady who
seated us at Maddox that it was her
birthday and I was like it was her
birthday on the 16th she still got free
pie what a sweetheart
coconut cream pie so grandpa don't eat
it it's in his fridge cooling off but
don't eat it grandpa
what can we found Olivia oh yeah they're
matching two same color shirts
same color shorts what's up hey they're
all they're like cool shorts and shirts
wow that's very coordinated that was
totally intentional hey Josh back in
woman changes she was going
daddy-daughter day to the extreme right
there you ready should we go okay let's
go Olivia can hear the radio playing she
thinks we're late for the cause which is
like we came down here to hear the radio
fun there you go let's go you can keep
those those are our ticket stubs Olivia
and I are both completely stuff but I
feel like we're gonna concert there's a
huge crowd
Olivia's running off with uncle Josh but
we got to get something good some yummy
to eat huh
we got to get a street awesome ice cream
right now ho bad look that's uncle Jared
Olivia it's amplitude so my brother puts
on these concerts every year he helps
with a company he worked for and then
he'll put him on that's how I got
tickets and this is so cool I started in
January we booked over million and it
has been phenomenal ever since we ever
seen so much so exciting but we're
doctors you ever seen over $30,000 from
you internship I stared around and
during the next length of my song
yes Linda how are you you're here your
group yes
who's that and in Dover yes are you here
to rock out are you gonna rock on yeah
you give her that lanyard hurry
sure sure say look I got this for you
here we go
there you go now you're part of the crew
oh that's good or they just give away
all this stuff look at that
whoo that'll be fun in the dark yeah
and cases they give those away - they
give cut fingers away at the door whoo
how much your tongue in that
Olivia's running man she's having a good
time too everybody's having a good time
yeah wrong way going in okay this way
there we go there we go good girl
needs to be kissed on my eyes baby that
fix on you
can I taste or dare you come he's mine
we got done with the concert we got some
ice cream now and we just walked in as
they were shutting off like they were
literally like pushing the buttons to
shut off the machines and I'm like oh my
gosh she's all turn on any machine you
want for ice cream so I got some
pistachio she turned that one back on
and then the cotton candy for Olivia
that looks more like toppings and cotton
candy and cadance got candy cotton candy
and toppings and uncle Josh got
pistachio with white the white uh fudge
pretzels all jewels it's pretty good I
like it so we are gonna close but I want
to tell Olivia thank you so much for
being my date
and thank you Oh Shayla GL oh thanks for
saying hi
and who else for our tickets uncle Josh
dink
no no not uncle Josh Uncle Jared who was
working like a dog tonight Thank You
uncle Jerry wasn't our chickens I want
to tell Olivia thank you because her
dancing made me just feel like I had to
dance like it just let me cut loose for
the night and Bonnie's like Joel I want
you to go do this and have some fun and
joy
and I feel pretty guilty leaving her
with the other kids but to be honest
Thank You Bonnie for letting me go cut
loose enjoy my evening with my sweet
sweet daughter and my niece cadence and
my brother Josh huh the purple people
eater twins so thank you guys for
watching manly things and we'll see you
later
