yep they're all - we put them in the
dryer okay you want to do it you want
mama - okay well don't follow it up over
don't fall over twist it down while I do
it
okay so last night was pretty intense um
look we got your home jammies all clean
I hope they don't shrink too much in the
dryer push this button right here
good job if your stop button right there
okay okay we'll come back you want to
show your hokey the Jubilee we have a
package from Aunt juley and I promised
him he could open this package if he let
me take a shower so I let him so I
hurried into the shower and then while
he played in the tub I got ready and I
hurried as fast as I could because I
wanted to look half decent on the vlog
today because I had no sleep last night
um but neither did poor Boston so I'll
tell you about it while he's opening the
presents sit down see ya see ya your
jammies are in the dryer taught me to
put clothes on you or join wear your
jammies oh yeah okay then you want to
wait till they're dry okay okay see ya
Boston really wants to use his scissors
I also had to hide the scissors you want
to pour your jammies they're in the
dryer and they're drying you want to cut
your present open so he cut my bed with
the scissors and he scratched his face
so I definitely took him away but it was
took a lot to get him to have me take
him away this might be a minute
last night he woke up many many times I
kept medicine in him all through the
night he's having fun getting this and
but he came and got in bed with me and I
made Joel come up here and get in this
bed and so Joel could at least get some
sleep and Boston wanted me to look at
him we both went in there and he was
smiling at me after I smiled a hand and
then if I closed my eyes he'd start
bawling just screaming getting upset so
we have staring contests all night long
want me to help you okay
well anyone that's been sending play-doh
is so smart because that's all that is
all he's been watching on YouTube it's
play-doh videos no joke he just wants to
watch play-doh
what else is in here aunt Julie said she
was jealous when she sent it let's see
it's a rocket oh it's a rocket look at
this Boston look at that huge thing a
sucker's quit amateur for you look and I
colored this one and look this one's for
you to color oh yeah you get a color The
Hulk
aunt Bonnie thank you Hema Boston are
you set for just a minute can't you
finish watching your coloring show this
is like a crayon show on what Netflix
it's really kind of cute anyway you are
set you have a bag of goodies all your
stuff and I just got the best news what
you have those wonderful wonderful okay
he wants me to show you six slits with
you many of your like where the heck are
your cabinets our cabinets should have
been installed three weeks ago installed
with the countertops fully done about
three weeks ago
yeah and the cabinet company kept
telling me what we've been pushing your
job we're sorry and I finally had it and
I threw up it and they're like okay
we're coming in your cabinets anyway
they're coming today they're coming
today I come today
so we have to like move our garbage you
have to move our crap so that we're like
fully ready and you'll have to make sure
that the plumbing is ready why do we
wait for so wash okay
he's busy well Boston has a pep in his
step right now we've been playing the
play-doh and now he's ready to roll down
the hill for the fifth time whoa
yes it makes me very nervous I wish he
wasn't doing it
you owe me take your picture not record
you okay I told him to be really careful
hey kick let me touch me I've really
known to him okay his um let me go get
my camera it makes me makes my heart
break seeing how swollen his faces and
seeing how puffy his like neck and like
is just his whole head he's just swollen
let me take your picture with my pink
camera okay I'll go get it
careful careful careful take a last look
without my cupboards being in this
kitchen this is it oh my gosh these are
so beautiful I'm so excited for the
glass that is my fireplace mantel okay
put the rocket on foot through up come
on you got it okay you come help me on
the count of three we'll squeeze this
one here you're squeezing too soon
you're squeezy dinner okay one two three
this is that money
- oh that didn't go very high hey how
nap time is usually so easy with Boston
but it's been kind of hard he doesn't
want to take a nap so he's gonna tell me
a story can you tell me a story I wasn't
levitating as a big giant hole and she
got all the way to ice cream store and
she got out of her throat then she went
to the doctors he comes from grandpa is
this a is this a mommy Hulk yeah and she
found - you and she fell grandpa at the
hospital and she your spam grandma it's
a good one finca was their names are
Cody hmm and then what about Olivia
teach him a cure doctors - she did yeah
Wow
dad grandpa Oh Luke was tired so
everyone to get a nap
the end oh those are a lot like my
stories all naptime stories and with
everyone took a nap the end I love that
story
Boston woke up from his nap extremely
he said he wanted to go find a drink and
so that's that is that turned into a
flashlight he wanted to come somewhere
to get a drink so we're at maverick and
we are fighting him a drink and a treat
oh really I think there's one hook left
but it's like in the back so Jules just
helping himself to the bag getting in
some way needs you just find in
something that looks kind of fun
you can get whatever you want and if you
want to get to you can get to I never
recorded who's a circle one because I
have my hands full on two just because
that's not really nice but it's the
saddest thing because you can see
there's a lot of swelling Oh yep around
his face oh my gosh she's not even
excited I had to go into the air plans
to get this essentially didn't have to
like push this yeah what's that one
he is anyway when he cries it just makes
the swelling so much worse and it sounds
so sore I know it might be sour you
might not like that but he likes the
flashlight tree I kind of love spoiling
him Tiffany called and my mom called and
I don't know if it was just their
intuition or what but they both were
like we're just going to keep the kids
one extra day they're being good they're
happy we're what they're being good so
we'll just you can get at the unit
that's a good one
anyway it's just joel has gone well when
we go home I'll show everyone what we've
got done what you've got done but anyway
it's just been wonderful I don't know if
this is wired in you're not let's see I
can't remember if you did the worst
switch or not ha he did okay so Joel got
the lights up I am proud of Joel because
things always look nice like this is
where the wire came in and you can
barely even see something comes over
here uh-oh that's where the power comes
into the room and then to there and look
at this two light switch I didn't even
I've never use a fridge I've never even
seen this light switch so it's cute I
like it it goes in the dark
it matches kind of the room like the way
that's cute
yes this is our freezer yeah this is a
freezer hurt here we got to take your
stinky diaper with us
PU you and we all know what pain meds do
they constipate yeah so I'm don't care
that it was in his diaper crazy thing he
has been more potty training since he
had his surgery he hasn't had a wet
diaper hardly at all he just holds a
hole to hold it until I don't know until
I take on potty it's kind of crazy
window well from yesterday and then this
one he finished today as well
and those projects take all day so as I
was saying Joe Joe's been working all
day
since this morning I thought he was
outside started his work he barely had a
lunch oh yes don't cook and went to
dinner and then and into town for a few
things I'm so distracted funny funny at
8 o'clock and he is still running
errands he had to go get a few things
for the cupboards tomorrow are you ready
to see the progress of the kitchen look
at tiny my kitchen is now okay here's
the cupboards here is the corner
cupboard they still don't have the
cupboards installed right here or over
here on the top we're almost there
we're almost there so this there's a
little cupboard on this side of the
fridge it's just a really shallow oh
they put shelves in I'm going to take
these shelves out because this is where
my brooms are going to go but these are
here just as options and then there's
this up here and then they installed the
cabinets on the side of the fireplace
the Mason guy came this is going to be
the stone for the fireplace this is
what's going to be the hearth that's
going to be a seat
that'll go here and here he is awesome
he's a really nice guy so I feel like
that will go pretty well with our
countertops so this will be our
countertop that'll go right here and on
the cabinet's over here and then also
right here can you hear Boston he's down
there like guys guys I don't even
remember what I've recorded today I hope
some good vlog for you guys if it was
given thumbs up
Amy we'll see you guys tomorrow have a
good night we'll see you later bye
