last night we went down in our bathroom
and the grout was wet under the tub and
we have not taken no water has been are
we saving the hostas that you're taking
out right now and we haven't had any
water in the bathroom like we have not
been down there for a couple of days and
we came outside and because of the new
sidewalk more dirt was sloping towards
the house and we've been running the
sprinklers 24/7 because oh the yard
looks so much better this morning Joel
have you looked at that dry spot our
work is like paying off so we've been
running sprinklers like crazy for our
new sod to make it like really plant
well like we've got other dry grass
because we haven't had the sprinklers on
for a while and in May and it was
getting water through that window it was
kind of seeping in going under our tub
oh but we don't feel like it um has done
any like because underneath the tub
there's no high high high I came in to
update everyone on you he has been so
cute this morning like unbelievably cute
he I woke him up
at 2:30 last night to give him some pain
meds to keep up in him because I didn't
want him to wake up absolutely my ice
cream yeah you can I will get it for you
I make it a rocketship that is so
awesome
I had some braids out yep and that was
the first thing you wanted to do he woke
up and said mom can i play with my
play-doh and I said you can do whatever
you want you can do whatever you like I
came upstairs like radio it we were
watching Julie's video this morning as
she said we're gonna say a prayer for
Boston and Boston goes with his
like swollen sound he goes she's on
Monday at Ruby sent this to you can you
open that yeah what do you think is in
the after 8 do you know what those
Easter eggs are what those are bath
bombs back bones yeah
that's why I let you open it right now
Freitag - yes yeah can I see what else
is in the package look look and see what
else is in there and I took a peek the
other day Oh what is that I don't know
toothpaste kill face hole
yeah I'm not cruel my goodness do you
want to put that one in the tub with you
yeah that is wonderful and some colors
mess-free
awesome what we over this well push the
button let's see look at that it lights
up green coming oh yeah I can deer
Boston I hope you feel better soon
you've just discovered scissors and
loves to spend time cutting paper maybe
if your mom says it's okay you can make
a little mess on the bed and just don't
cut the sheets or your chance
I'll of you so much love Aunt Ruby boy
howdy that is exactly what you needed
yeah she knows just what to get you huh
yeah we brought the play-doh
outside because mommy couldn't keep up
with the mess so we came outside and I
thought it would do him some good to sit
in the shade we don't want to get Sun on
his scar and man we thought we'd give
daddy some company set up workshop right
here and he's going to build the new
uh what are they window wells over there
mm-hmm
face is already dirty is it yeah yeah
from the side you can see he's got like
a massive double chin how it kind of
droops underneath his chin
it's just trauma that's causing it but
he's doing pretty good aren't chip
Austin yep it has taken me over an hour
to convince Boston that it's a good idea
to take a nap and he has found one more
thing that he would like to do he wants
to take off the bandage off of the
Hulk's neck look he loves being he's not
bleeding but you see his owie he has an
owie like your Howie Wow you want to
take that bandage off Joey to put it in
the garbage okay that's for today anyway
it doesn't it's wonderful here lay down
and I'll put the hope next to you and
we'll see if his owie looks like your
ally can you lay down can't lay down Wow
his scar looks just like your scar do
you think that's pretty cool okay now is
hope gonna take a nap too
now that I'm nervous that's gonna fall
right on you because his coordination is
not what it normally is
okay well where'd you want me to put the
whole coil you nap tree put him right
here in between us where do you want him
on my pillow cakes I'm gonna take a nap
with you because I'm tired I did not
sleep very well last night he slept all
through the night I did not so here's
the window well that the concrete guy
did and joel is replicating it he hasn't
done this one but he has replicated this
and we're just kind of waiting for it to
be set up I feel bad that you're working
like an absolute dog
because I am actually enjoying like just
being a foster there's no other kids and
I'm like so what else do you doing today
Joe like slave a cake you get done it's
not by the clock yet okay seriously that
is a joke he is joking I fed him lunch
and I asked him I'm like you don't have
to get all this done he's like Bonnie
I'm getting crap done he's like let me
work yes and I don't know if I love Aunt
Ruby or hate everybody forgiving him
scissors he is so happy he loves them
but he's also tipsy and so I'm like you
can only hold those when you're sitting
down and so I love it because he sits
down because all he wants is to hold his
little scissors huh do you like how we
have this bed out here this is where
Joel and I slept because I just felt
like it was either bring Boston upstairs
or we come downstairs because I wanted
to be with him and I just felt like he
would be happy if he could sleep in his
own bed
and so John I slept out here and it
wasn't like it was kind of nice because
the air vent was directly above our face
and I had it blaring all night let me
come see right there daddy's too dirty
honey
better ask mom you're such a chick hey
you told him knows not the truth because
they're gonna believe it they already
think I'm a slave driver of you hey you
so much okay I came down here to show in
the room since you're getting you shoes
on I'll hand the camera to you and you
can kind of show them what's up and
we've never shown in this room have we
not we've never shown in this room
welcome to my dungeon this is where Joel
gets to sleep welcome to the dungeon
we're so busy if you can name that movie
like ten points seriously so this is our
cold storage there used to be an
artificial wall that was just temporary
like went down the middle
of the room just just for some bracing
whatever while we were welcome while the
concrete was green and it's been curing
for two-and-a-half weeks now so I'm long
overdue getting this out but this is it
it's kind of cool it's 200 square feet
and now I am doing all the wiring so
that it will have its own light switch
which I guess I'm going to want on that
side probably hmm
we'll see we'll think about all this
anyway but anyway we'll want the light
switch over there the outlets over there
and everything so that the coal or the
freezer can run and there's light in
here not just a spotlight Hey sorry oh
sorry that was my lunch break
thanks for joining me I just gotta eat
words I want to look at here Tiffany's
Uranus you want to show aunt Tiffany on
your new book stuff did she say yes
Billy King hugger her house she is not
home right now
she is hope she's not home right now
 she said later when you're all
better
she said that when she gets home she'll
call us okay okay this is the calling
version of Boston right now he's been
crying crying crying telling me he wants
to go to an tippecanoe sing you dropped
me off at at Tiffany's he just wants to
go over so so bad
I feel better okay we'll go over soon
okay okay okay so tonight okay uh-huh
yep and when she calls me she'll be home
okay
oh are you finally happy now who found
your gloves for you uncle cheer thank
you I'm so cute and thanks for dinner my
gosh we you know you came in begging for
his gloves and I was like come out and
search with you a job oh you know I'll
grab a box it wasn't you don't go get it
so we found one just like that oh thank
you he was hysterical I had the Mason
guy here and only thing you wanted was
work cause I didn't know where they were
Jared did Thank You Jamie I love this oh
are you serious
Zachary you're a sweetheart and those
are cool balloons too and that's a big
bag of green balloon just for hook so
this is the famous at Tiffany that he
was raving about earlier time he wanted
so bad for me to drop him off
I can't believe how did they know I'm so
tired yeah
Joel's pooped my brain is pooped my
brain has pooped from Boston it's nice
not having the kids here I am so
unbelievably go we're like laying down
we're like I am unbelievably grateful
for the grandparents that have taken our
kids for a Tele
at Tiffany and Tiffany took Olivia home
tonight because she saw how absolutely
demanding Boston isn't she's like what I
hope if I took Olivia I was just like
yeah well good her backpacks already in
your house oh I'm so grateful for the
help that everyone has given us and all
the things that Boston is spoiled I feel
so guilty Bay he just like me he is such
a sweet these are the only things that
would console him right now is anything
so yeah this has been perfect yeah so we
just want to say thanks to everybody for
helping us and the comments and the
dinners and and the prayers like you
know they'll be affairs oh yeah comments
about it like you know works yeah thank
you
post-op day one success okay thanks for
watching guys yeah I guess
