good morning buzz dick we're gonna go
have your surgery today are we gonna
have surgery today yeah yeah that's a
good thing he's like are you getting the
tags taken off for me you ready for this
Boston this is the moment we've all been
waiting for
Hulk jammie it's Tom oh you weren't even
in the frame he's so excited babies hope
Jimmy he's been asking all day Erica oh
yeah fix my tag Oh picture tag Dixie tag
there we go handles fit him pretty good
hmm Boston got a shower for a surgery
the Holts gasps shower for surgery well
set in the night in the garden mm-hmm he
doesn't mind it out there though and why
do we have to shower in Boston what
cause me shower and chair something
monkey nice
tell you something yeah so it Boston
when we were outside a long time ago
guess what we all said he had that hook
we said if you don't listen to us
walking my dog
apparently Boston wasn't listening
cuz Hulk is gonna have surgery huh so we
got to make sure ringing what's up this
is a sick Q if he's just - yeah what
everybody my dear means whatever
surgeries Oh Boston can you brush the
Hawks teeth oh you got Melanie with head
oh good job now she look so fresh and so
kinky how are you doing good
oh you I knew you'd be up and ready
smell good
oh I'm like jealous that you should get
to like coming I'm gonna go naturally
bread oh how fun you know we're gonna
jump on those mattresses
oh shut the front door oh my gosh my
gosh we just rounded the corner I might
dad sitting here why did you okay
I like my home oh my gosh when did you
decide you were coming yesterday oh
that's so cute that's so sweet
it was the sweetest did you come up on
your motorcycle oh my gosh oh that is so
sweet
Boston Crab the king he is kind of a
huge hole I love their little bodies on
the step Boston we haven't given you any
medicine yet why not honey now I need
you to stand over here something us on
Yahoo you are hey let's see how tall you
are
Yeah right here your stamp right yeah
she's gonna lower this down oh you did
perfect
okay well he has to do all the
preparations to his big day - how come -
yes ready - good job busting is chart
where's Charlie is he sitting right next
to you yeah yeah when you go and have
your surgery they want you to use
jammies dami and we because we don't
want to get a dirty they don't want to
give him dirty so let's put these on and
then we go grab there's only two adults
allowed back here so yeah they don't
want to get these dirty so you're gonna
change them and then as soon as you're
done I'll say can we please put our Pope
Jimmy's back on okay okay okay Oh hope
can wear those for now okay the Emmys
for the Hulk everyone for you is that
suck you in the face paradise good
charlie
Natalie where is grandpa silly okay he's
that funny
should put your little hat on da Oh big
for him
don't tell him that you'll hurt his ego
I know that's what the doctor said tell
you ready go okay you want to watch the
mystery box yeah yeah you know go ahead
you don't want to kill oh my god I want
cute Kerry Mary I swear so much yeah
it's like Boston the brew is his name
that's tails go Boston the brute are you
Boston the brute and the Hulk oh dear
Rossum
bye-bye hmm that's sweet isn't it like
the saddest thing like watching him like
a lop off we are in tree op right now
surgeon Joel here hey nurse I am the
nurse mm-hmm
dad can we the cameraman honey I'm the
St co-host oh you get and he's out he's
gonna make you little oh I'm all make
the incision steady nurse I have shaky
hands we've never done this procedure
we're getting just right here little yes
that's funny
we'll just put one little line in there
for him there we go he's in your hands
now doc right did you identify your
patient first Hulk
perfect yeah he's the hole we show
strapped into the bed he's never know
he's a hole he does have a temper
hey that looks really good you go Hulk
good job okay no solid foods for like
two months nothing nothing but obstacles
God and don't put down the tail chips
cuz I'll scrape the scab off the doctors
like don't listen to what anyone tells
you he's on eat potato chips eat dairy
he's like just do whatever you want I
feel like we can do it yeah now it's
time for Aggie ice cream let's go
well I didn't feel when Boston came out
of his surgery because he was pretty
hysterical just crying and not really I
remember when Olivia came out of her
surgery that's exactly how she reacted
as well but now that the anesthesia is
wearing off just a little bit she is not
crying anymore so we're gonna get him
out to the suburban yet he's not feeling
too too happy right now he's so late
next one we'll just look at his body
yeah see that yep there goes the spit
bubbles he's very out of it right now
but he wanted to watch grandpa boston's
movie of choices his birthday blocks he
wants to watch all of his birthday plop
so that is what we're watching good
thing they're on a playlist so they just
come home play it ten vlogs later Boston
found a box in my room before his
surgery um many of you guys have sent
over one you don't want to put that yet
many of you guys sent over sweet sweet
things to our p.o box and he wants to
look and see what's in here don't you
what do you think of that are there some
his for thorough you want a hope Plato
and spider-man or who is that I am a
Miami oh yeah
these these are little treats well have
those maybe in another day or so
no oh would be ill again was your
chocolate no gold coins clutch coins huh
well yeah he doesn't dare swallow it he
doesn't want to swallow it if you want
to play with that play-doh we can get a
pop sure right now
sure but Stonewall Hulk here told me he
put this mask on he goes film this film
this sweet boy
so dish below you want me to get that
one now I can't get over his like voice
thank you guys so much for sending
Boston all of these sweet home presents
and Hulk tweets and Hulk comments I
think that this is all of this stuff has
really just oh yeah all of this has made
him so happy you're kind of spoiled
aren't check the where's the head for
Captain America right here I like green
one yep you made that around ball and
you made a green ball now I got my blue
one now you're gonna make a blue one
just watch it blow up yeah it's gonna be
okay that's gonna be a hook hit hmm this
is Bob his head we're trying to be
sneaky and show you his hobby where do
dot and then my throat no you don't have
a lump in your throat it was little
Boston like it's a little bigger than
what we were kind of thinking that was
wrong it's bigger than that
oh he's having so much fun mmm stinker
okay I brought him a blue red and look
it's like black but it's purple and I
told looking at your towel and he said
oh yeah I can't find a green money he'll
be laughing because he's usually not
this sassy but I think the medication is
making you feel fierce and he goes get
back out there and keep looking for any
other circumstance I would be like you
are not getting a popsicle you go sit in
that corner you not talk to your mom
that way he was like he was wearing this
with me said it is all I got
oh so funny looking across his little
feet he's got a whole collection over
there he has more packages over there to
open but I'm saving them he's got this
big old pile of play-doh I want to eat
goat yep and those are those are some
goodies someone sent from England
okay guys lose weight now he goes
without his being just funny and maybe
it's all over the place and maybe he is
just funny to me because I've got him
one on one I'm not thinking about any of
the
I went to check on the bit like so many
times in my mind I thought about the
kites thank you sleeping evil you want
to eat those Cheetos
Hey Cheetos yeah yeah sure yeah clicking
yeah seed you hear him he wants me to
start the videos don't click it
my dad just left he spent the entire day
with us which was so fun my dad was
leaving I said here take this cake with
you hit look dad I think was pretty
excited to take his cake home with him
in Boston came blazing very tipsy around
the corner and he's like no not my cake
and that's what he's having for dinner
so thanks dad for giving Boston your
cake I don't think my dad wanted to give
it up no but Bosnia has been eating and
drinking like a champ when the surgeon
got in there he said yes I do believe it
is the thyroid Glaus old dump cyst
that he thought that it was but they are
still going to send it off to pathology
to be tested to make sure there is no
cancer in there which he doesn't think
there is and just to make sure though I
mean he knew what he was doing this so
anyway thank you guys so much for
watching we'll see you guys tomorrow
with another update of Boston can you
say goodbye Hulk final No
