all day today I thought today was the
24th of July it is the 25th of July but
since Sunday was the 24th
I think Utah I think is celebrating
Pioneer Day so to start off Pioneer Day
we are going to go get some food
Olivia has been my absolute angel today
I was doing her hair and she said mom
are you sad and they said yeah I'm
almost a little sad till the spring and
she started crying and all day today she
won't leave my side and I said come on
let's go in here and when she said no I
don't want to play I just want to help
you write them in there I was like I'm
happy because I want her happy we're
happy
wondering why you got something new
is that something new oh it's new the
ham yes I see Boston no don't climb up
the back way I'm going you're supposed
to wear I don't see that the mouse oh my
word that boy has the same shirt like
you I know baby boy this
learning huh Cody you're a little
daredevil that's pretty good what it is
amazing well those are for someone from
my surgery hey do you have on the
frontier cart hey your Hulk is you good
me okay
Jolene watermelon there the watermelon
you never gave gosh this is a this is a
joke okay is that what Rachel has little
legs with bare legs and buns and shorts
I can't even get over that
I'm new pretend I don't know that there
be the doctor told us to have children's
ibuprofen and then I'm also out of
infant tylenol for Lincoln so we are
stocking up on that kind of stuff you
kids love these cart here let me put
this stuff in here hey listen looking at
me with me with me I need you to stop
yelling okay you give some stuff to boss
Emily the yoing makes me insane thank
you Catholic princess well you know what
I like I think these are cute all I have
a few trees limbs our kids are very
cares was it yeah we're gonna have a
powwow come here go to mom hey all three
of you Boston Cody come here
okay Boston we turn around okay yes come
on okay Boston well catch it okay but
you have something Kate Cody come stand
over here
give me a rocky to give me a rocket yet
yes yes
Cody turn around and look right at me
thank you folder i'm using my mortgage
it yes yes okay full germs full germs
rocket you had to be any okay okay
full germs okay thank you my gosh I
think I'm about to lose my mind
tonight this is the plan I want all of
us to know the plan in the morning we've
prepped Boston so he knows he's going to
have surgery and what are they gonna do
I get one too kicker my phone down they
will not cut your throat out but you're
going to have a little alley and they're
gonna take that little bump out of your
throat so bought little box a TV yeah
and when you get home from your surgery
we're buying things right now for when
you get home from your surgery oh do you
okay now let me finish talking Cody
you and you and Lincoln are gonna go
with Grandma she's coming to get you and
you're gonna go with Grandma and guys
guess what I feel this world but are not
Oh water blue water me helicopter okay
and Olivia okay okay Shh
and Olivia you are going with aunt Ellie
is that right
hi okay so that's one oh that is
actually so dang cute are you kidding
this so thank you we are gonna go get
the important stuff like popsicles
yogurt
Tamino parents turn off my ice cream
right now if you think that these little
ones look kind of fun for you then yes
please
right now you can have these that you
have your strawberry I got strawberry
that looks really yummy to eat away now
you can have them after your surgery
we'll pick a couple because he thinks
he's kind of look fun I wish I could get
one too you can get one and you can have
one when you come back from Aunt Alice
and I'll get it
perfect okay
every time the kids come in the house
from being outside their feet are so
dirty even when they wear their shoes
outside they just come in so dirty and I
don't want to tracking this downstairs
onto the new light carpet so this is
what we do they are I don't allow them
to go in and out of the house
for this reason because they are so
messy if I didn't wipe their feet this
would be all over my carpet so now that
we're inside we're going to stay inside
for a little bit quiet time we're going
to pick up the basement get your bags
packed for grandma's okay downstairs
Boston let me see your victim you
dreaming now no we're not doing surgery
right now tomorrow sir Boston you're
moving out no what else are your feet my
mom showed up with some dinner some
fresh food some nice good and it felt
good she's going to take who he taken
Lincoln Lincoln now that's scary I'm
taking the baby Lincoln and Cody and
that's where those two are going thank
you she's my friend
we're both sweating and let me think I
just thought of this I'm glad I
remembered that I had some well I did
notice Olivia's piggy bank is real real
heavy and these boys are pretty barren
oh it's cuz they're younger it's like we
forget oh boy and for oh my gosh with
this my gosh you don't have to give all
of it to work put your hands out I don't
know grandma haven't go get a cup or
something I'll pause and say paper money
is better
oh you pay food I okay you can pay for a
dog Boston lock
look come here bum here here yeah very
special get down there Boston get over
there
this is now this is what you do when you
run away from home get yourself my
grandpa's band dance but your money oh
my gosh did you hit the jackpot
hmm you get down there right where the
Grampa no witness right put your boss in
here you got you tie this up oh so you
can run away with all your money you
never have to go back home of you just
enough to get you to Grandpa's house
there you can run away to the swing set
hmm put in a square need a bigger purse
mom you go don't forget your there you
go now if you have a little sticky bet
over your shoulder you're gonna go Nick
when you throw gets better you'll go to
one okay grandpa's I did well good oh
yeah so that's been puzzling
okay bye hon sure loves ya talkin about
your play for you tonight with 20 me
Nana would know that was Washington's
teeth that you're thinking oh you be a
good boy for Grandma
boy yeah he's kind of little love you
you because you were good this really is
I know he was really light nothing off
and when I met earlier Oh hers is so
heavy it's like there's dollar bills
coming out picking out of it
I know well it's been my fault when
Olivia was young every whoa it's kind of
my fault when Olivia was young every bit
of money she had went into her piggy
bank and these boys I haven't done that
with they really he's like I see here my
money you should remind me last Joel
just stacked up all the money and Boston
went through and put a penny on each one
okay we gotta get busy honey it's
bedtime
and you got to get your money in your
piggy bank Hey there's how much money's
owed you say maybe 10 bucks 10 bucks my
money little stinker cake it going put
it in there
Olivia you got the dollars from Grandma
oh you put it up top put them in put
them in the bottom you knew it ever you
want we'll count your money maybe
another day we need to count and
consolidate no let's see their money put
in there what's your kitty cats name
moneybags that should be like so funny
well you guys we are ending our night I
want to say thank you guys for all of
the nice tweets that you guys have been
sending oh my gosh the means there has
been there has been many many cute
things tweeted to me about Hulk uh for
Boston surgery to my optics I appreciate
your kindness it's it's it's gone a long
way so thank you guys very much and
we'll see you guys tomorrow we'll all
make sure to have a vlog of his surgery
day so Olivia you have been my number
one hub my number one helper she tripped
and fell in the chicken - yeah yeah she
tripped and film the chicken I got very
embarrassed but you're okay now
beerus is a kid like that oh I think
it's her age I think every little kid
her age gets embarrassed easy you did
very very ok thank you guys we'll see
you later bye bye guys
