I know that you guys already know what a
sweetheart olivia is but apparently she
left the tooth fairy a note last night
Joel pulled out one of her teeth last
night because it's been loose for a very
long time it was starting to look kind
of gross and she lost it she lost the
tooth and I haven't read this yet I just
knew it was down here so it says dear
tooth fairy I have lost my tooth I am
sorry please I'm sure that says forgive
me and she left
oh she even made she made this little
like cup right here so she made this
little cup and that's where the quarters
were sitting in I don't know oh that's a
sad face with tears oh my god I don't
want to like ruin what she did okay so
put that back we'll put these back in
here so she gave the Tooth Fairy
quarters she gave the Tooth Fairy
quarters so she left money for the tooth
fairy until the Tooth Fairy she was
sorry for losing her tooth so sweet did
you get stuck did you crawl in the box
and now you can't get out I'll help you
mama will help look at this beautiful
Italian man this is Landon hey buddy I
do a man good
when ya smell some loser I smell good
lens in town for but even a day like a
matter of hours before he goes to Alaska
and has fun
so I told him I'm coming to pick him up
I'm gonna see him we're gonna hang out
we're gonna go rock climbing I guess
you spotted it that'll be fun I'll get
good excited now put your crap in my car
and let's go you you baggage claim that
good morning you guys welcome to my
Saturday morning I just got done making
my bed which you know what that means
that means I am trying to conquer my day
and it's not very easy so today I say
it's Saturday morning I think I said it
was Saturday morning I have tried
picking up the camera so many times
today I'm going to sit down right here
I have tried recording so many times
today thinking like okay just start your
day just get it going so you guys have
seen me traveling to Kansas you guys
have seen like progress on the house and
I feel like I just have that like I
don't know maybe expressed how stressed
my personal life is right now so as you
can see I have cold sores all along my
bottom lip and you know that they are
true stress cold sores when they're off
my lip whenever I've had surgery or when
I've had like when I was younger and
when we're getting in like this what
I've been in the Sun a lot or just very
like a lot of pressure on me I get them
underneath my lip and I don't usually
break out very much with like acne but I
mean probably can't see I had those
people and people with acne are thinking
oh that's really not that bad which it
really isn't but like on my body on my
back on my chest like behind my ears and
I know that's kind of weird but I just
think my body doesn't handle stress very
well and my brain does I feel like I can
take a lot but I can't like I don't know
my body cold sores it's home so as you
can see my kitchen has made zero
progress and when I tell you that I'm
under a lot of stress it has nothing to
do with the house actually the house is
the least of my stress Boston he's
having surgery yes that is the least of
my stress because I know he's going to
be fine um
but they are still stressors the cabinet
company oh no baby the cabinet company
has told me that they keep pushing my
job behind other bigger jobs so my
cabinet should have been installed
countertops on two weeks ago that was
our scheduled time and that's what we
have scheduled our entire remodel our
schedule around our remodel schedule
around um anyways I am I'm beyond mad
about that like I'm mad that doesn't
stress me out that just ticks me off but
there's nothing I can do about it
so what do you thinking are you thinking
you wish your mom could feed you good
food wholesome food come here I want to
show him something okay I want you to
look up at the sky so like a vlog or two
ago I had him look up at the sky and you
could not see this and this yes this is
getting the upset so this is his cyst
and I don't know what this is
I called the hospital last night they
said that it's not something to stress
about I text a picture oh my gosh oh my
gosh it's grown even since last night
and so you can see I don't look up this
guy I don't know exactly what it is and
I'm hoping you guys can pick up on the
size of it but like from here to here
that just huge lump there was just a
huge lump in there and I don't know
exactly what it is they think it's just
maybe some infection oh I don't really
know I hope that when they go in it's
just I don't know I don't know Olivia
John tell everybody what you get to do
today story grandma Helena's gonna take
you shopping
yeah and you so we got your hood dolls
hair done just like your hair look how
long your hair is turn around with it
being in ponies it is here I can't
believe how long her hair is so pretty
uh-huh that's true that's right she is
the perfect doll for you okay grandma
grandma's taking forever yeah I know
she's not supposed to be here yet let's
go down and finish watching a movie
while Lincoln finishes his nap let's all
go downstairs Delta's not a baby here
yes I don't know why sometimes I just
feel like I need to vent on the blog
because it's like oh he is holding me
still want me to carry you yeah okay
what is that posture
who are you all in there yeah Boston
what is that the little backpack and I
show him around like you open this
little thing a lot it opens it up and
Boston's already put some stuff in it
you can so this is your backpack yeah I
buy that is it free or do you gotta pay
for it it's free and then is it hmm she
could have her busted for preschool he's
not going preschool me I can't go to a
school okay come on school so so you
guys went to a yard sale look how happy
he is and they gave this to you for free
Turner at UM the in Crimea if I am so
happy right now
oh this makes me laugh they went to a
yard sale they asked for the things for
free it's like the most eagerly little
bag Zach Boston loves it
and that makes me happy and I is for
breakfast and that also makes me happy
I'm not even kidding
this makes me so happy that's it I want
to know what yard sale you guys have
been - things from that gave those to
you know the really old Indies are gonna
be Incans in cycling that was really
nice of you to find those for Lincoln
your CD tires are flat and
you brought on a new project so me
Atlanta made our first pit stop at mom
and dad's house dad was starting to mow
the lawn and I think his eyes just like
got huge when he saw jokes he's like oh
now I have help so we got a second more
from the ploughman's and we're going to
get another mower
and we're going to knock this huge lawn
out in no time on lemons day off I guess
whatever you want to do when I told him
I'm up for anything so we're going cool
hunts there you go
in the work done
me and Grandma been sitting here
chit-chatting a live meanwhile of you
crawls in your track no yeah well this
is supposed to be out because we're not
supposed to drive on it just yet so well
have fun grandma's gonna tickle of your
birthday shopping she she's already in
the truck I hate being oh wow who are
those four blue Cody those are probably
Cody
those are probably to get you ready for
kindergarten when I got a share with
everybody a little too hard all right
show me yes we can't hold em like you
know what that's a cool one this OQ it
comes with a headband oh is that for
your is that for Melanie and this is the
cutest thing would I got new purple
Lilla rose shoes oh and the cutest thing
is okay wow you got spoiled okay pretend
to blow Olivia well it's sure pretty her
shoes matched the dress I hurling on the
bag yeah what are you get put in her bag
cut little rings at you hurt you pull
one of the activities Landon really
wanted to do today was rock climbing
with his siblings so I am along I gotta
say I was really scared
because I'm not good at this this is my
second time climbing this exact same
face but we are here we are climbing we
got some tunes
and there's Lara and Landon and the
other two are scaling a wall and I'm
almost to the top folks this is great
this is a good way to spend the day and
I'm really glad I'm stepping out of my
comfort zone to do something that I
wouldn't normally do so thank you Landon
my hands and like are like doing this
out the camera's not shaking too much
but they are my ballet working me over
but we are above the Ogden Canyon like
literally I'm above the road if you can
see Bonnie probably would not be happy
with me and then she watches this
footage she's not going to be happy but
we're up here climbing and I have a very
natural fear of heights
awful but I actually feel really
comfortable with the crew I'm with from
the people I'm with and it's pretty fun
I feel comfortable I'm definitely scared
out of my mind right now but it's not so
bad
we're gonna go to the top right there I
knew I was gonna forget I have this bag
sitting next to my front door I wanted
to send it with my mother-in-law to give
to my sister-in-law so this is for my
sister a lot amber she just adopted a
baby and the one thing she doesn't have
is a diaper bag so I got this bag from
the Hat brand anyway and I hope she
likes it okay I have a huge reveal for
you and when I say I I just mean I
because I'm the cameraman Joel has done
an insane amount of work I'm about to
turn the camera and show you you ready
for this
okay first do you remember the huge pile
of dirt that we had and just what a mess
our backyard was oh hey it's put back
together it's all the way almost back to
the way that it was Joel hand leveled
this yard he did get a tractor to move a
bunch of dirt but he he did this he did
like three days worth of work in one how
many hours were you out here yesterday
too many no is this a crack were you
trying and hoping that I wouldn't notice
I was waiting for you to notice oh
concrete cracks nature the beast so he
spent the night siding and got our yard
put back together he worked over 12
hours straight 12 hours straight got all
of this leveled and this is about as
level as you could get I have four seeds
that I washed because my brother beau
and Emily are on their way over to our
house they actually took us to dinner
which was so thoughtful of them they
know that I don't have a kitchen and
the he was my brother was like what's
one thing that I can do for you is like
let me take you and your family out to
dinner so we went to Morty's and it was
super yummy it was good we had a good
time and so we came home got our kids to
bed he is giving his kids put to bed and
then we are going to come together and
sit on the patio and enjoy looking at
the yard watching the sprinklers and
just enjoy our night so thank you guys
so much for watching and we'll see you
guys in our next video bye guys
