so when I was at my friend's house we
would really like a big lemonade stand
we got tons of money so I got money how
much money okay let me want to show us
yeah
let me see so did people stop and buy
your lemonade how much fun okay Cody hey
what's the matter you didn't get any
money just don't want me to okay so
without a whiney face did you help with
the lemonade stand
yeah okay look no whiny face I want to
see a happy face can't be happy boy if
you've got hair in your face all right
you're sweaty sometimes girls don't like
to do things with boys if you didn't
help you don't get the money okay
all right show me how much money you got
so I got one to one society oh are you
kidding yeah did you sell like one pack
that's how much where did you okay where
did you get the money
Oh from the people there's someone give
you a lot of money no no no Bailey split
it who on earth okay so if you guys
split it you have ten eleven twelve
dollars and change and you split it
between how many girls - I think I need
to get into the lemonade business yes
thanks totally I cannot believe that
Olivia that's funny okay buy a pet with
this money okay Cody I can see why
you're sad now go ahead and pout it's
okay now I can't believe I got like
money like it's so cool like like duck
I don't know I know you're pretty babies
pretty happy that you're rolling in the
dough I'm Josh and making that skirt you
have a toothbrush in one hand what are
you holding in that hand Chani you are
Boston why did you bring charlie he's
sick too
all right the toothbrush and you oh my
goodness okay okay try just look you did
Charlie slip - is he okay is he okay all
right you know where the you know where
that elevator is go ahead well it's a
good thing you brought your toothbrush
because it's the only thing keeping this
little man be happy while so good job
Boston good job blasting thank you sir
Oh like a nice little bodies oh sorry
thank you Hulk hey you whip another part
of your teeth it's so hard you know off
his are really hard to take that off
yeah
it'll hide take that
- ah-ah-ah
can you say it - you want me to film
your lion-o
d-does I want to see the lion so you
want me to put the viewfinder up and let
you see there you go that make you happy
