it is brain early Tuesday morning and hi
Oh which one's mine I'm gonna edit for
Joel and he yep Joel's he is gonna take
the day off he doesn't know it yet he's
gonna take the day off
Wednesday is Joel's birthday he doesn't
know it yet but he is also going to be
taking that day off I'm going to edit
yesterday's vlog I am also going to be
editing this vlog that I am recording as
we speak in my bed best kind of all is
now let's keep in mind if I'm the one
that's editing the vlog there's going to
be no extras and by extras I mean when I
do these quotations and I do the editing
it's gonna sound just like this if Joel
was doing the editing and I did this it
would sound like this
something so lame I am lame Joel is
awesome yay Joe boo Barney and if he was
doing the editing you would actually
have the automated or like the audience
yay and boo from the audience sound it's
just lame coming from me I know it's
what you're gonna get when Joel needs a
day this is actually good this is great
we need to clean my stitches again yes
before you go to school I will he's
eating like a ravenous animal because
he's so hungry Lincoln thank you for
staying in your bed and sleeping all
through the night your hair you look
like a wild animal
looks like a lion why your breath stinks
last night
welcome to your briefing
I think as long as you're dressed warm
you'll be good you boys be safe and have
fun and don't hurry back why don't you
write that calendar there was nothing on
the calendar I thought writing right now
you don't like what you're gonna cancel
it fYI he's going snowmobiling on a
mandate I would say the number one
reason that Joel deserves a day off the
day before his birthday and the day of
his birthday is because he works hard
24/7 and when I say 24/7 that's
literally what I mean Joel is a very
helpful son gave a very involved dad he
is a very attentive
husband and he's a very active church
leader your daddy is gonna go play today
he's gonna go with Uncle chariot
carriage it's a mommy baby date and the
number two reason that I think Joel
needs the days off is because I think
he's struggling just a little bit Joel
is not your typical You Tube dad he will
never have Instagram by his choice he
will never have a Facebook he does not
want a smartphone and he will not follow
GPS because if he follows GPS then he's
going to lose his keen sharp sense of
being able to find any address anywhere
those are his words not mine if it were
up to Joel we would be living in the 20s
and he would be working his land also
his words not mine
okay I don't know if the term
soul-searching is the right term to use
but what I do know is that ever since
junior high
joel has told me he is not built for an
office job Joel works at the computer
five hours definitely five hours in the
morning on his computer editing he loves
it and he does such a good job with
editing but I think he's feeling not
fulfilled it could be that maybe he has
the winter blues I don't know but I do
know he's a low cranky he's a little
tired and I'm just doing what I can to
cheer him up it could be a combination
of all these things I don't know I know
that we've talked for a really long time
about buying a property and having him
either flip it or own it and rent it out
and I think that we're looking pretty
seriously into it
we literally have the best job in the
world and everyone
goes through their ups and their downs
and right now I think I'm just trying to
take care of Joel while he's in one of
the Downloads and it's not even like
that Severus nothing anything crazy I
just think that I don't know he's just
going through this funk and I'm just
really wanting to take care of Joel
while he figures out his low and like
what he wants to be doing I need six
eggs I have four eggs all right I've got
what I came for
I'm gonna go ahead and end the vlog here
because I have cupcakes to make for my
husband's birthday tomorrow and I need
to make sure I have to make sure that
this vlog is super easy and super short
so that I can get it all the way done
and uploaded so that we're ready to go
for the birthday boy right okay so I'm
gonna end it here I'll see you guys in
our next vlog we're still a happy
birthday and just so we're all perfectly
clear I am very aware that that ending
yes totally awkward and I was trying my
best to not feel awkward but if this
comes out awkward so thanks for watching
this vlog if you liked it see you guys
tomorrow I do have to show we're making
Joel's favorite cupcakes there is yellow
cake chocolate frosting chocolate baby
and I do have to document the ice cream
the grandma grandpa brought yesterday
Cody is sharing and the cookies and you
guys say thanks to grandma grandpa
