hey guys I am opening the vlog and it's
like 8 o'clock at night so I spoke with
Boston's doctor today and the lump in
his throat has just like doubled almost
probably three times its size in like a
matter of two days so I call the doctor
and he said get him in we need to get it
out as soon as possible so he is having
surgery next Tuesday and all he can talk
about is hope pajama so I got online I
couldn't find anything I liked and I
called Walmart my sweet loss and he does
not ask for much and if he wants Hulk
jammies he's gonna get him I'm gonna
save him for his surgery so poor thing
his snoring has gotten really bad and
anyway you guys hear how quiet my house
is right now it's because it's very
client I just put Lincoln down for a nap
I have the kids outside playing on the
swing set and going into town to pick
out some brick for the yard we're
working in the yard today and I'm gonna
sit here quietly on the couch and I'm
gonna show you a game that I've been
playing and secret from Joel because I'm
sure he would be like get out here and
help me this is a game best fiends best
fiends is a puzzle game where you match
the same color of objects to feed your
fiends and defeat the slugs okay this is
level 16 I am now on level 31 and I must
admit I am very very proud of myself for
actually getting to that level there are
new levels that are out and if you guys
can get higher than me then go ahead and
tweet me and prove it I like this game
because I can take my time and think
about what I'm doing because if it's a
super fast moving game then there's no
way I'm going to be able to keep up and
it literally fries my nerves so this has
been a nice calm game to quiet me down
from the chaos of all our construction
this is a free game that you guys can
download I will put the link in my
description thank you seriously digital
for sponsoring this video I'm debating
if this is pointless or not we are
replacing the stones that were here but
we didn't have enough of the old stone
and because this is bigger than it used
to be are we is this pointless what
we're doing
no oh I don't know to be in this castle
is that Lincoln's castle yeah did you
make that yeah I can't believe you made
that I want to show everybody your
throat stand up so look up at the sky
can you look up this right well yep did
you see that you can see it right there
and I it is progressively getting bigger
on the daily so that bad boys coming out
huh are you and hope gonna have surgery
yeah kick mandibles now you're the Hulk
now okay I don't move Jamie's oh yes you
don't even know it but I did get you
some Hulk jammies and I'm well love them
evil days right now for when you have
surgery when you when you go to the
doctor I'm gonna let you have them yeah
are you get to Jamie's after the doctors
uh-huh is that exciting
yeah is that fun yeah okay he's just
through a rocky yeah from that
foundation head are you did you see it's
cute
hey everybody welcome to this old house
landscape edition we're gonna be hanging
this nice flower bed today
so grab your gloves and your shovel
let's go to work seriously something I
think it
we're gonna get a strike and make you
better
are you trying to make it Lincoln's
castle bigger yeah is it Lincoln's
because it's so little
oh are you little now are you big yeah
okay Oh
Hulk is big okay coming to Sam's Club
this literally has made my day they have
their fleece pajamas for the winter out
already
Cody Boston and Lincoln get matching
tractor pajamas yes please you want to
take a break and come get some lunch
you just want to build a castle for me
oh wow I feel lucky okay you keep
playing and when you oh my gosh did you
guys eat all the blueberries
they ate an entire container of
blueberries yeah yeah yes okay I brought
you out the rest of this fruit and some
water and what about that and you can
finish up the coleslaw oh my god
I'll go find Julie yeah you made a
castle thank you so much wipe your hands
in the grass to get all the sand off
your hands
Joel this is looking wonderful seriously
it's beautiful and I love that it
matches the house I think it's so pretty
it looks perfect like everything looks
so perfect how are you doing sweaty
strong and high feel like a million
bucks I can't believe it I'm gonna need
more dirt like I thought I had time here
are you happy that the kids are fighting
everything sweet sweet noisy you know my
favorite part of the summer has been
what Boston antagonizing everybody and
the screech of Cody's voice he's got a
shrill on him but it's just unreal I
actually really love that too I love it
it makes me so happy
I'm gonna lose my mind oh yes
I'm having a really nice time Oh girls
that felt amazing actually
she called mac and cheese from the
fridge what do you think about that you
mister have played so hard you got dirt
in your nose and all over your face
most definitely some sand in the hair
that's a they need to be washed out yeah
can can you share and give mommy a bite
oh that's a hmm
comb mac and cheese that's pretty good
mmm
thanks for sharing
meaning that me and Boston gonna spend a
lot of time together because Lincoln
takes he's asleep for four hours during
the day I don't love you and Cody like
to go play with their friends huh and
you're too little to do that because
well good morning to you oh you want to
grab that don'tcha you want to grab that
don't you want your binky when you're
looking at your beautiful faces can you
say hi say hi no you have that thinking
mm-hmm
there's a hole in it no wonder you guys
he has been hitting that binky out after
one second he hasn't been sleeping with
it there is a hole in it there is a hole
in that binky
no wonder and I can't find any other
binky in this hole bring pearls and I
swear I have gotten five jillion of them
and I can't find one in this hot
stinking mess of a house I'm living in
oh that's funny can you say yeah
oh did you I love you please say say no
no no no no no no that cracks me up
you still got blue eyes Betty they still
got blue eyes
yes hi oh wow you're beautiful you're
beautiful we gotta start learning new
tricks you know all those you know hi no
and what else
cup in your hands that's what you know
we're gonna learn some more tricks no no
you got this right here go put that in
the garbage
look what on your way on your way look
at the floor and make sure there's
nothing else on the floor that the baby
can choke on that garbage right there
moats many of these all over my house
hey that's not too bad I was expecting
it to look a little worse you guys have
been working yeah well I know you
haven't how's your room coming pretty
good do you need my help
yeah it gets pretty overwhelming when
you have to get all your princess
dresses put away especially after big
parties huh big day I do not want tell
you but yesterday was terrible why are
you this morning I woke up with a dizzy
head a headache
and also something really bad yeah yeah
what I did not get any sleep last night
one of last night like a kid through the
week yeah you're pretty tired yeah yeah
looks like you've been playing hard in
here I mean you don't know how to get
this Rapunzel just whatever it's all
I'll help you look I know you're saying
let me
like that oh really so is she teaching
Elsa how to pain she's a professional
painter and she's oh she's the student
the room is cleaned up awesome
my favorite thing to do is to have the
basement clean the bedrooms all clean
for the in the morning it's a fresh new
day I hate waking up when things are
just messy and the basement is something
we can control
tell the kids we could watch one tiny
video I'm not sure which one we're going
to get on YouTube and we're going to
find one clip to watch and then we're
going to go to bed thank you guys so
much for watching and welcome and we'll
see you in our next video have a good
weekend I don't know if I said that I
think I said that I don't really know
that guy's my guys I say goodnight home
time how did I know ok goodnight
goodnight inky
