hi guys today I was really wanting to
place my American Girl doll cause last
year I got her for Christmas and now I
really want to do her hair so nicely for
my birthday party
cuz it's coming up really soon this year
and so I really wanted to do a dog hair
very much so I was gonna have like a
miracle girl doll birthday party with my
cousins and so I want to get my dog done
for so then when it's my birthday
it'll be all done and I even have to
worry about it and then I could just
play with her and have fun so what you
would want to do is you would actually
want to spray it and then comb it and if
you like if you like needed more one you
could use more water and then just start
combing again cuz I'd only use two
sprays of it like if I needed some more
I would only do one last day because
then it could actually make it too wet
it wouldn't go very flat I would just
like free freeze to something like like
something and then after that I would
just put it on the side so then that
could dry and it'll then I'll have to
actually comb it again so I get this
part and I do the same thing over so
then it will be just clean clean clinks
I do not like dog hair like wet or dirty
or something like that it's not fun with
the doll hairs are dirty and messy so
that's what I would do with the doll if
I had like trans adult I would did it
hurt like last year when I did my other
girls hair and it was Tina's so she got
her hair done like you know it's me
American Girl dolls so now that her hair
is combed out now we are ready to get
her clothes on which is a really cute
actually down I like this little cupcake
shirt with this little um start because
it looks so cute together
now can I gotta leave my daughter
because should I hard to make her
their shirt all mall he's standing that
side out actually that goes up that I
will get their pants on so I don't have
to do that cuz the first one is actually
this it's really the hardest play I
always do the pants my hands are
actually really hard cuz I can't forget
me actually starting off you think I'm
gonna target hey dolly did you forget
something
I forgot my shoes these kind of shoes
are very pretty
these are actually the cute little
greenish bluish shoes I love these
little shoes I used to have a I still
have two other pairs but these ones are
the cutest off I always put this usually
so now that she is all dressed up now we
just need to give her a little
this ring is a heart ring and this ring
is a dog earring
this ring is a heart ring which one
would you think is cutest cuz I would
think the sort of heart one is cuz it's
like it has like these little curves and
stuff like that and so I think she shall
wear this little heart
now facts are really hard to get a dolls
when gone but now you can see her little
hand now that's how it looks like now
and is like so cute with this little
ring on hey doll I guess it moved in Oh
Elsa has moved in she wanted to come
over a play to you yay can she come over
and play with my toys sure she don't
want to come over hey Elsa can we come
over and play with you come a little
daughter heard that you move here and
she really wants to play with you sure
can I come over to your house yeah you
can come over our hot house I lost my
mom
mommy can I go plant Melanie's house
sure make sure the moms there she is
hey it's lunchtime would you like to
have lunch at our house sure okay would
you like some food now yes please hey
could we have some ice cream
sure let me go get some sit down
it's time for Elsa to go home and it's
time for Melanie to goof go to bed let's
walk Melanie home diamond by Elsa maybe
we could play tomorrow maybe bye
Melanie is - me and you - go to bed okay
okay mommy let's lay you down a bed and
later I'll come in your bed and I'll
come snuggle with you okay mom
you sit tight don't let the bedbugs bite
now it's my turn to sing Melanie love I
so high like a diamond in the sky
twinkle twinkle
how I wonder what you are thank you for
watching
