bunny just landed she will be home in an
hour
well probably like almost two hours
really takes forever to get from Salt
Lake to here and the kids have been
playing in the sprinklers all day I have
been working on cleaning the house all
day I'm supposed to go meet up with
uncle Jared but I had way too much to
get done and I felt so bad but the kids
need to relax anyway they needed to kind
of just slow down for the day so we got
a snack not talking they do not want
caulking for a snack
they just yeah I don't know we'll see
but we got a snack and we're gonna wash
some butts wash some butts and coconuts
hey hey hey smiley guy Lincoln Lincoln
Lincoln Roy oh hey hey hi yeah oh my
word hello hello Lincoln I know there's
I know there's a ton of footage of
Lincoln in the bath but I like draining
the water with him in there cuz he
really gets like astonished like where
are you oh that was that was a little
crazy he doesn't seem very bothered by
it but he's always wondering where's
this going where's it possibly going
he's a little frog little squishy I
drink them out oh I love your chat did
you guys hear the thunder and lightning
last night you know you slip right
through that craziness scary asam's
earplugs and it was like
yeah you all and the tail that's
important
money ones purpose girls have no
eyebrows it's our tails no big time no
no it looks good hey are you watching
for the garbage truck be watching for
the garbage man I am currently standing
here with a cube of ice and I have been
icing a bloody cold sore and it's it's a
big one it's festering quite well and a
lot of you guys suggested a long time
ago then I iced it and ice it well I
have ice the crud out of it and one of
you guys said all me and my siblings
this cold sore cream which I'm pretty
sure was not cheap and I'm pretty sure
the shipping was not cheeks I think it
was from Germany I think I think I think
um anyway I've been doing I've been
icing it putting the cream on it and I
think I'm just a goner
it's it has a heartbeat it's angry it's
not gonna be pretty
and that gets to come home with me and
she's going to get lots of fun things
and Cooper is gonna stay here with Mama
and Daddy and baby and baby doesn't know
any different but I basically went to
the store and I got everything that I
tell my kids no - oh look at all this
fun stuff do you think I know I try I
look to all the faces on the M&Ms oh
he's like lick away and you might have
you already so good looking you know
it's like thinking that he's that Sooey
well good cause it's silly putty while
you care about is your treat and that's
okay
and he's being he is so nice too
Jr I know I love the containers too
that's why I got it now he's happy all I
care yeah man you clapping that's right
that's what you do yeah
you okay I would never buy that for my
own kids
Tony Oh silly Jared's not your dance I
was uh well it's time we are packing we
packed up our bags Julie woke up her
baby and we're just going no we're just
gonna get in the car and we're gonna
drive around just because we just want
to get in the car and drive around and I
am NOT gonna cry right now and good
night and we're just gonna go we don't
want to leave like we I don't want to
like walk out the door for the last time
I remember when Ruby had Ruby was
bedridden and um I went to Seattle my
dad gave me his SkyMiles I flew to
Ruby's house and I was helping Ruby she
had one kid was pregnant with the other
on bed rest
it was the hardest week of my life I had
never won I had never taken care of kids
before and I was stressed out of my mind
but I loved that I had a handmade
suitcase that her father-in-law made for
me it was it was I think about it all
the time like the trips do you take to
come out to see your family like you
just want forget that okay I won't
forget and we didn't even fight that
trip oh my God why now why we love you
didn't
it was yeonbok your city is so cool I
wish I would have gone
in footage from higher-up is you get to
see what is it the waters of the river
it's the Missouri River I don't know but
this is cool like we don't have big like
big old ridges cable bridges yes it's
like cool to see like the city out here
that is a big river because in Logan we
don't have a city to go into oh yeah
there are pros and cons everywhere you
live but like we don't have a city to go
into you know how you'd rather have a
mountain in the city really I didn't say
yeah I like it all I just like it all
that is a pretty building like I love
that it's kind of cool how there's big I
mean I know this is nothing compared to
like New York City or something but it's
bigger than what we've got like the big
buildings just kind of close to each
other I just this is just fun
you see I would hurry oh my leg out
there that's how you book it with her on
it um do you guys want to know what we
laughed about all night was all of our
frizzy hair did you have this hair long
years wasn't too bad we laughed at my
frizzy hair all night Ellen even
secretly took a picture of him behind
and like just looked at it and laugh but
the frizz is in a pony today okay we're
getting on the airplane and I'm Little
Miss E she has been so good to just say
right by a hooker : yeah yeah
so we picked up two extras we've got
Julie and Abby and their mommy aunt Ruby
dropped them off here at the airport can
you believe that what a good mom right
okay we're going to get in the car and
drive to Logan that is the plan played
all day he's teething look at his mouth
what's the magic dose sleeping car
you should rather so then they could be
cousins my Joey I wrestle I pop dollar
bill if you I can't for what I can't
like anything ruin handle or but oh my
goodness welcome to Olivia's bedroom are
you excited yeah yes and we're gonna
have a birthday party tomorrow but right
now is that time okay now right now is
that time yes it is that time bless you
it looks like everybody is packed
everyone has their American Girl dolls
Kate will be here tomorrow for now it is
bedtime yes we're gonna put our PJs on
and it looks like Olivia got her room
perfectly clean and organized and ready
for you girls come on right now
I did all by myself nobody helped that's
it Cory help I am not exactly sure what
I got myself into with all of these
girls it was a little it's a little
crazy tense but it's good they're good
and hopefully don't know well tonight oh
thank you guys so much for watching
we'll see you next video bye guys
