well good morning we went to bed late
and we did not get up early I am I'm
pretty sure Julie had her room or her
kids creased up in a room they know on
selecting for like the first time ever
well that's uh Missy you you guys did so
good and you are you gonna be good for
the babysitter today yeah and she's
gonna play with you and have fun wanna
go shopping oh I know I'm in love with
it you guys we I know it's of all of us
in him and he loves it I knew he would I
knew he was and that is that was the
whole point in purpose anyway we are
heading to the spa today we're going to
the spa we're gonna enjoy ourselves
and spend the money I spent as a perfume
I think we go up we brought some perfume
for Julie because we didn't want to you
couldn't pack ours because you can't get
it through airport any like security and
so we were like mom we were in the
airport's awesome
and where is it I'm gonna douse myself
in it and we didn't want to feel guilty
using away I see you oh how sweet like
this is what I love about coming to your
sisters is like seeing the things they
have you just smell this do you like I
always want to know what kindness is
Estee Lauder pleasures delight it's
funny the things you remember from when
you were a kid I remember that from when
we were little she still has it there it
is guys the last the last cement truck
coming in they've got all the forms all
the way set for the porch for the
driveway for everything check out this
cool concrete moving go-kart
that is awesome this is it today's the
last day they're going to be doing
concrete all day today and then they're
done and then we won't see them anymore
they're not coming back unless I change
the plans one more time right back one
what's coming back one Oh see that come
back again they can't get enough of us
Julie had to reinforce enter of the
short cutting ha ha ha ha marsai wins is
all Julie's idea this is more food than
I think any of us can even finish
Ellie's like nope nope not we're all
starving
this is the best salsa I've ever had
what's this place called Jose peppers
hold up ha ha and it is that holy moly
guacamole
but guys they've got our new porch our
new little fork and I'm pretty excited
about this curb wall
this was my idea I'm pretty excited
about it they have so much more concrete
into you but this is truck it's in my
driveway and I'm loving it I'm loving
every minute of this
I'm a little sad it's going to be over
but I'm happy to be done just made this
little boy's day right there he's up on
the truck wait wait your other hand
there you go there you go bond it's a
big yeah
doesn't be the highlight of my life as a
little boy playing on a cement truck and
something about cement truck drivers
something you need to know about cement
truck drivers they're the nicest guys
you'll ever make for some reason they're
all very nice and patient this is the
whole reason I'm coming this place right
here go on in thanks Ellie I'm so
excited oh that's cute over here take my
burger it looks good in here
none of us did our makeup because we
knew we were going to get a massage a
pedicure and then they're gonna like
wash our hair and dry it for us and it
feels nice and cool in here is good this
is so cool okay well I think I spoke too
soon when we walk through these doors
that this area is the prettiest part
that was just their lobby I was looking
at what's over here
some coffee that's a really pretty
rolling chest okay we're just feeling
paperwork out before we go when you look
like this door I'm done oh my gosh so
excited I asked the lady if I could have
a like a little clip of the massage and
she's like mmm I don't think so so so I
won't be able to show you what we're
getting our massage we're each in our
own separate room I wish the fireplace
is on not for heat purposes but just for
like aesthetic amazing
the eyeballs anyway we're each in
separate rooms and we'll meet up for our
pedicures when we're done with that our
massage Emily haha I loved the wet
towels the warm towels yeah har seems
like it's a little like hot I kind of
don't know but I loved it like yeah and
then I this is the best massage I've
ever had I told that lady I never talked
in the middle of massages and I was like
I'm serious look like when they put the
hot towels on my back and I'm not like
she's laughing even I was like oh it's
nice that these chairs are massaging
chairs why didn't ya she's just barely
turned mine on and my toes I did glitter
toes the other day so it's like gel do
you like I just pop my toes
they have gel on them so I just told her
she's gonna do like a paraffin wax on me
while these girls get regular pedicures
I know stinkin me I don't know what I
was thinking okay do you know what color
you're getting well yes is ready in LA I
pick instantly picked it out really no
ooh look at this I know probably not
everybody a great oh no no I just had
great fingernails the other day that's
kind of cute my hair is like all sortsa
messed up I feel like I'm like high
right now I'm just like oh my god Bonnie
I'm not even know I've never been high
but if I was I think this is one of the
feel I know I know
oh I love that humongo mirror like
that's so pretty and I'm just staring
myself David are you that massage he's
Julie are you over here okay I don't
know where Julie man Julie's a different
station
um is she on the other side so we're on
the spot or the hair side now they've
got two sides to the salon so let me see
your toes
we'll look at Julie's later so she got
those and the lady just put a little
flour on mine from yours is Stevie look
closer really that's done well hey so
Ellie's gonna get won't let me focus on
You Father
focus on me so Ellie's gonna get her
hair done in here and I am gonna get my
hair I think done over here this is
really cute it's got like a little
station for each person
what's so funny huh
I do mean you put my hand like this
we are not making fun of anyone for the
way we do
mr. got no she didn't iron here she's
laughing good oh okay I mean it's fine
oh yeah I wanted to show your clothes
those are super chairs well the concrete
is all the way done I told the kids
there's no way I'm letting them go on
the sidewalk she'll at least today but
the concrete guy was like no don't
listen your dad you can go on it all you
want I know I can't obviously I argue
with him he knows what he's talking
about with the concrete as like I told
them no but I have to put the sprinkler
systems back and until I do that this is
what we're resorting to maybe me and
Lincoln will tackle the sprinklers later
today but I'll tell them this is nice
this is very nice today has honestly
been like the most fun filled day we did
tons of shopping this morning we had our
spa day we laughed like crazy at all of
our frizzy hair and came home really
like well we ate a bunch of leftovers
and now this is very typical Ellie's
uploading her footage to cheer bear
Julie's doing a little work on her
computer uploading her video and thank
you guys for being so kind and allowing
me not to do that this little vacay from
words it's good for your soul has been
so good for my soul so this has been
good Julie thank you for the uplift it's
funny like we came here to uplift you
you know and she's it's like you've done
more for me than I've probably done for
you so it's just been very good to hear
that goes a long way like it does like
two days but will get me through the
next six months oh oh
we want to get a ride like you Julie is
such a good sport like no yes we know
your family loves you we love you yes
we're missing Ruby Ruby is actually okay
so this is the plan I hope this has been
clear Mike I came up here to get Emma
Emma is flying home with me to spend a
week at my house at Grandma's house just
with the cousins and then Ruby our
oldest sister is going to fly Emma back
here and yet you and be with you Ruby
I'll spend a week here with you so
that's kind of the plan and Bobo of
course Bob's not here they all know
their lives so anyway we're gonna close
the buck here thank you guys so much for
watching and we'll see you later
