good morning you guys look at my little
family having breakfast your costume
she's a noodle wow I did not know what
you just said um good morning I'm on my
way to choose I mean I've got to get
myself ready and I thought oh Joe you
hold the camera I thought it would be
stupid I thought that it would be
fitting to wear a dress to meet my
sister I got this dress from the bone it
comes up - it's a high-low cut telling a
woman Ellie that's cute dress well I
wanted to be cut and they wanted to hide
the tummy area and this dress does the
job because with this remodel I have
gained a little bit of weight that's
okay and people just don't dress up for
fights anymore so while he's taking it a
little level I am running late on time I
didn't realize I needed to leave a
little bit earlier so I rushed to get
ready I am running a little bit behind
on schedule and I am so sad to say
goodbye to my babies and no it is not
Halloween now they have a parade today
and they think for some reason that
includes a omakase
yeah it's a Pioneer PUD it's what the
ring I need hugs and kisses from
everybody how are you getting my hair
daddy's gonna have to help ya yeah and
you know how to do a good job - oh you
meatloaf there I am I am going to get on
an airplane right now right now can i
with you you have to stay here with
Daddy yes yes we'll get you other club I
need hugs
I need hugs I gotta go
you okay you've been on your airplane
with you but going on to Kansas City
c'mere Olivia I love you so much I know
baby boy I'm gonna miss you I'm gonna
miss my baby oh okay I mean I know I
shouldn't be laughing okay good boy have
fun take care of my babies okay have fun
I want you to have fun I'm gonna I love
you so much let me see your teeth
oh I love them so much okay bye Kim made
it through security check check check it
was a little bit high we love your
videos
okay we just made it not we I keep
saying we I guess like me you guys don't
know who's coming yet okay I am trying
to find my gate and I think I made it in
time I was stressing about time but I
think I'm good I'll put this at the end
when you guys know that Ellie came with
me
but I was booking my flight without
Elliot first and then I called Ellie I'm
like I just can't do this without you
I'm like do you want to like get tickets
- no can you leave Calvin she's like uh
yes Jared I had to make that dude yeah
like she's gonna die when she sees me I
love her
I can't wait to hugger we're gonna make
her chesties touch our testes and work
on a kiss julia is not as Julian's more
touchy-feely yes yes
I had this brilliant idea that I was
gonna like hide Ellie for the cameras
okay gonna give me a bigger surprise not
Julie cause Italy decided to come with
me which is an amazing idea
Julie's gonna diamonite yes
there's a surprise waiting for your
company my friend isn't bad like I was
like so your lipstick entertain you look
so great my lines not great but they're
worried that I have to share my seat
early is because she has a surprise for
me from Joel yes as I was surprised okay
Joel is not heard was I found in her
back and I said what's I said to myself
jewelry or something like what is this
and I said this is from Joel to give to
Bonnie on the first flight and he said
don't give a tour before don't give it
to her after I know Airport if I think
welcome aboard
yes ma'am I know this is jewelry the
reason he wanted to give it to me on the
plane which this is a big surprise is
because he surprised me one time with
jewelry on a plane and also video I'll
link the video for you
we were at the fair the other day and I
saw these and I told there was only one
left I think you would actually give
them their keel there's you're so big
old nearly yeah yeah and they're
handmade oh yes I'm more excited to read
the card
I'm works I agree with her Bonnie will
lead up the Bonnie Boeing YouTube
channel I think he's probably only has
helped us lady get her little I love my
sisters they're so helpful oh my word
you just stepped off the plane and it's
like anything instant heat sweat like
not only like it is muggy in here it's
gonna start current power you stay here
and you know when to come out what is
that her no yes it might be here I'm not
really sure this might be hard
I think this is where
deli cute dress oh my gosh Julie
remember how I told you that I have a
surprise for you are you guys missing
out on the action
your mommy's crying right now I love
babies oh you beautiful boy oh my gosh
give me a kiss right now hi baby Porter
Porter and Cooper I cuckoo are you
excited to be here should we get in the
car and go to your house okay you're so
handsome huh you're the most handsome
boys and you wanted to party too we were
just
I'm it's the cameras the vlogs don't do
the kids justice like when I look at
them they are beautiful and the baby and
the car seat and Julie was saying I wish
I could kiss your cow you get a kiss
mine I want to see your kids she wants
to kiss cars
two years ago mommy two years ago we
were doing this exact same thing I
picked you up from the airport
and write you to my house me and Joel
and lost it and that was my very first
vlog this exact scenario was my very
first vlog I think you know I need to
come a long way oh yeah you were good to
begin with yeah hi bud hi what you're
not sitting right in the stroller how'd
you turn around like that huh you're so
excited for the parade I'm using the old
beater camera while Bonnie's gone and so
Park today's been successful first day
without mom the kids haven't cried too
much dad hasn't cried too much and we've
made it but I think will cry ourselves
to sleep tonight I'm sure uncle Jerry's
playing around I'm daddy's toy and the
kids are getting ready for their primary
parade it's so fun it is so fun playing
down here in this basement because last
time yes yes last time
hey you stinker last time we were here
Joel and uncle Landon were they put this
wall up and they did the ceiling and
every time I watch Julie's videos I have
to try and see the ceiling because it's
so scary
this texture that Joel did is so thick
so heavy
and it cracks me up total amateur job
but Joel doesn't do the texture in our
home but we did it here and you Andy
funny it's just funny to see it and it's
fun it's fun to see it
I am gonna show these guys the insta pic
camera recent the sublet which it is
you're starting to show up who's in that
picture me and honey
port or let's see yours can I see yours
Cooper oh wow that's a handsome boy my
face got in there just a little this
yours
ah that's mean Emma that's so fun thank
you
and that one too oh look Emma took Valon
here comes our Pioneer Day Parade
Pioneer Day is a Utah holiday that's
what we do we dress up like spider-man
apparently and like a firefighter and
some kids dress the attire the correct
attire but okay and some of the kids
were strong candy Cody have you supposed
to throw candy he's low no I'm full
here come the stragglers and look look
we got the flag coming this is a good
Pioneer Day parade this is the final
activity for the day after this the kids
are going to bed because dad's worn out
the kids worn out and with good but
we've had a nice day I hope mom is doing
well and I think she's having a lot of
fun with her sisters which I'm glad she
gets the deal do but we're gonna party
here and we're gonna hang out okay wave
hi well yay oh lucky through all the
treats for us Jackson come get some
treats
come get some treats Jackson look put
your hand on the heart okay you gotta
put your hand on your heart but hey
Lexie that's what you do when the flag
walks by that's the stuff right there
all right there come our real pioneers
right here here's all our pioneers yeah
these are a pioneer parade this is them
Jackson Jackson knows how to celebrate
this is honestly what I've been looking
forward to the most is like just sitting
here on the couch you mister are
supposed to be in bed
know how he woken he heard the candy
package yes and open joel is so cute
when I was getting ready to leave he
went to leaves and got the treats that I
wanted and if anyone knows me knows I
love chocolate cinnamon bears and we're
just sitting here talking watching
YouTube video laughing Wow and just
sitting talking like that's all we've
wanted Anjali so good no wonder hot
tomorrow were to get a massage mm-hmm
we're dreaming of tomorrow's you Inc
Julie yeah you hit 30,000 subscribers
did you travel you know machi no you yes
go subscribe dojo lab and they deserve
it because they are excellent feet
rubbers keep rapping about it I know
he's gonna adjust us this is the BS he's
pretty much the best well thanks for
coming out and pant bring my wife um
the pampering begins tomorrow can you
tell whether we're a little excited for
this that are just a little tired from a
full day travel yes it's been huge so
we're gonna head to bed thank you guys
for watching bunny
