today I want to show you guys two ways
that I've been doing my hair all summer
long I get so hot and sweaty so easy
that I love having my hair slicked back
now some of you really like it and
you've commented I love your hair back
like that Joel loves my hair being
slicked back some of you really hate it
and you have let me know your like
pulleys stop doing your hair like that
that looks painful we you look like a
drowned rat like it's okay this is not
for everybody these narratives are not
for everybody for me I love it
even my sister's my sister Julie she's
like I love when you do your hair like
that she's like I could never get away
with it I think you might be surprised
when I slick my hair back
I never go bare face if I don't have
makeup on yes I do look like a drowned
rat so I like doing this when I don't
have time to do my hair but I do have
time to put a little bit of bronzer on
at least so this is my hair air dried
it's a little frizzy it's just like
whatever actually I really don't mind
them but if you're wanting to get your
hair out of your face if you want a
little more polished look what I really
like doing and you can do this I like
doing this with Olivia's hair what I
like to do I can't believe I'm gonna
spray this water in front of my
shoulders I don't really have another
place in my house to do this I like to
get my hair I spray down the front of it
really well I take a fine-tooth comb and
I pump it up so there are no flyaways
especially around my ears I don't use
gel in my hair when I do this but if you
have untamable hair then yes you can put
some gel in it to help keep those
flyaways away so I dampen it down quite
a bit and your arms are gonna go numb my
arms already are and I like to just
slick that up away from my face like
seriously feels better already and it
matter how dirty your hair is it doesn't
matter how like frizzy it is if you can
take the time if you can take the time
to get it up there slicked up there and
a pony you're gonna be good to go I
always get the back to because I have a
lot of little Curly's back there I'm not
gonna worry about it for this tutorial
okay so I like to get up nice and high
on the crown of my head and honestly if
you are wanting just like a pony I'm
kind of and I've done this many times
too like I'll just hairspray it out nice
and big I'm kind of like that too but
for this tutorial I just twist it and I
twist as I go and it is gonna be a
smaller bun but I like that I mean I
have a tutorial where I show you a
bigger bun and I can make sure to leave
that linked in the video for you but
this is just a more sleek tight bun and
once you get your bun you can pinch it
and pull it so that it kind of has a
cute shape and that is literally all I
do I do take my common and finish you
can see like it pulls your hair funny
directions I like to take the column
make sure it's nice and smooth and I'm
not spraying in front of these shutters
because I don't want have to clean that
off but I do go through and I spray it
really well to make sure those flyaways
stay away just like that
and I don't know I just feel like with
bronze to tan skin my hair up in a bun I
just feel very pretty like this and it's
not for everybody I'm sure some of you
are thinking oh like I would never slick
my hair back but if you put on a big
pair of earrings especially gold I feel
like this is just a fun fresh look and I
wear this all summer you guys watch my
videos I wear it all summer long so this
is one
of the options for my second hairdo what
I like to do is start with my hair very
wet and since I'm going to be putting it
back I like to put conditioner in it I
use both conditioners this is pure ology
hydrate and this is redkin curvacious
conditioner it's a leave-in conditioner
any conditioner you have works this is
just what I have this is what I use
so I load up the ends of my hair with
conditioner I may as well be
conditioning my hair while it's back
it's doing nothing else so I like to
just load it up with some conditioner
I've been doing my hair like this for so
many years what I like to do is take a
comb and I do a very deep part so I come
over here to the edge of my eyebrow and
I go straight back into the side so
there should be a big diagonal across my
forehead and I basically I take my
column and I just start smoothing it
over to the side and down the back and
down on this side and it works best when
your hair is wet I would I've never even
tried this when my hair is dry because
my I have little bangs I have little
flyaways and this right here I've got
these weird little baby hairs so I try
to pull it down and back to hide those
baby hairs and then also around my ears
when I really don't when I really want
this to look nice I put some gel right
around my ears because I have those baby
hairs that like to stay up so I gather
it in the back and I just do a low pony
and I take my flat hand and I slick it
back I don't know why this feels so
funny like showing you this I don't know
I guess I just feel like I'm being
judged so much but it's okay it's okay
if you don't like it that it's really
just fine your
firms will also go numb and I like to
just once I use the comb take my hand
and smooth it down I guess in my head I
feel like people are like why does she
have to have it so slick and so tight I
don't know I just do otherwise my hair
won't stay once it's in the pony then
I'll go through with my fingers behind
the column and really perfect the
smoothness of the hair if you will this
one's super fast was super easy I'm
going to turn to the side so I don't
directly spray
and you just give it a nice good spray
down this is Bed Head masterpiece and
I've used this for a little while now I
love that hairspray it smells like
Smarties and then you can do what you
want with this I do the exact same thing
I just twist it and I don't even know
what the back looks like I just twist it
and get it out of my face I don't have
to look at it I guess take another hair
band and I secure the back like that and
that is it and again when I do this look
I like to have makeup on and I like to
have hearings on whether you have these
big earrings or little earrings I
definitely like to have some earrings I
feel like it I don't know makes me feel
a little more comfortable so these are
my two go-to looks and this is how I
give them so smooth I guess that was my
question that I got most was how do you
get your hair so smooth that is how I do
it thanks for watching these two simple
summer hairdos ooh that was fun to say
two simple summer hairdos thank you guys
for watching and I'll see you my next
video bye guys
