hey guys while you are watching this I
am in Kansas City and I have
pre-recorded this for your viewing
pleasure so today I wanted to record a
makeup tutorial basically it's the
makeup that I have been wearing all
summer and it's been my favorite I've
got a lot of compliments from you guys
so I just wanted to quickly show you how
and what I use and all the noise you're
gonna be hearing is because of the
construction going on outside and there
is nothing I can do about it and I
really wanted to do this video and it
was either now or never because my baby
is sleeping I have my kids occupied so
it's now or never and honestly the
construction guys are like really dad
set the window right there so they're
like what is this job of doing in there
like recording herself like all these
lights like whatever it's fine what I'm
gonna be taking first is the L'Oreal
True Match Lumi and honestly I think I'm
graduating to the non lumi like my skin
is producing a little more oil than it
used to and so the next time this is in
the shade n3 and yes I have a fresh self
tan on which I do have a video for that
if you're interested in watching that so
this is n3 and I wish I had the regular
and not the lumi because i am producing
just a little bit of oil and honestly i
think i'm gonna mix a little bit of n or
because it's not quite dark enough
less is more for me as i in the
summertime because in the summer you
sweat and it might look good the second
you put it on but the second you start
sweating your makeup is gonna look
terrible so i have been trying to wear
just very minimal amounts of makeup and
i feel like it I feel like it's looking
much better so I'm gonna take a damp
Beauty Blender and this thing has seen
fresh four days that's for sure yeah I
the lighter the better and so I kinda
make sure my sponge is not too it's it's
more on the damp side my sponge is
definitely more on the damp side once I
have it all the way blended in I take
the tip of the Beauty Blender where
there's not as much makeup
I go in the areas that I tend to crease
in so like right on the sides of my nose
I just dab it extra unlike the smile
lines around my mouth and right here to
make sure there is no excess makeup
because I do not like being cakey in the
summer so this is a very light coat of
foundation because my foundation is so
much darker than normal I'm not going to
use the same color of concealer that I
normally use I am going to take the mac
studio finish concealer another one that
I have been loving is the anastasia
beverly hills 100 if your a li you're
not gonna want those but if you're dry
they are really really good as my
favorite I just don't have another shade
in the Anastasio one and this one is in
W 20 so it is a shade darker but I wish
I had the next shade darker almost I
couldn't mix the two yeah I wish I got a
slight darker concealer but this will
just have to work I am also going to
highlight my chin just a little not
because I really want to accentuate it
but just to even out the highlight
underneath my eyes and whatever's left I
just will dab on my forehead as well and
because that concealer is so light I'm
going to take the end of the sponge that
had my foundation on it and I'm just
gonna blend that in so it's not so harsh
white underneath my eyes and same with
my chin alright I'm gonna take my Laura
Mercier translucent powder and I'm going
to very lightly set underneath my eyes
everywhere that I put the concealer I am
gonna go over my nose just a little bit
to basically just areas that kind of
tend to get shiny on me and that I want
to set to help not crease I do not use a
lot underneath my eyes which I give you
my whole nose and just a little right up
here kind of your t-zone area I mix two
colors when I bronze I use the
houla benefit bronzer and then I also
use Mac sculpt this is a contour shade
so I just have my fresh oh there's noise
I dab my brush into both of them and I
go I'm gonna do my forehead first I
definitely don't contour with it I just
kind of do my full forehead but staying
this inside just a hair lighter using
the same shades just a different brush
this is the Mac 135 I'm gonna do under
my cheekbones when I'm more fair I have
to be a little more structured with it
but in the summertime it's okay to bring
it down onto your chin down your jawline
I'm gonna quickly fill in my eyebrows
with the anastasia beverly hills brow
wiz i did try the other new eyebrow
pencil that she has the brow definer and
i just cant love it i just don't love it
as much as the regular brow Wiz pencil I
do have a dedicated eyebrow video if you
want to watch that I'll make sure to
have it linked for you I would
definitely say that my number one tip
for your eyebrows is to make sure that
the inner corners are brushed out really
well so they're not so harsh I did my
eyebrows I already have eyelash
extensions on and through the summer I
have not been wearing any eyeshadow so
next I'm gonna take champagne pop
highlighter and I'm gonna use a big
fluffy brush and what I've been doing is
going not where my blush goes but just a
little bit above and on the apple of my
cheek and it's a little much but I kind
of like it I'm going to take a fluffy
brush that kind of comes to a point and
I'm going to take the same highlighter
and just load it up on the inner tear
duct and then this is what a lot of
girls have been doing and I think it's
so cute they put it just a dot right at
the top of their nose and then I'm just
gonna go straight up and I just Pat it
in the blender cuz I don't want my nose
to be too highlight
yes with this look you honestly don't
even need blush like I feel like this
would be just fine but if you want to do
a nude blush I'm going to use prim this
is a Tarte blush and I like to put it on
just below the apples of my cheeks the
lip color that you choose can honestly
switch up this looks so much on the
fourth of July this is exactly what
makeup I did and I used Anastasia
Beverly Hills in runway red lip gloss
and it completely changed up this look I
didn't do anything different I just
changed the lipstick when I do this tan
bronzy look I really like to use a nude
lip gloss or lipstick ie this is
butterscotch by Anastasia Beverly Hills
and it's just a very nude color that is
it for this makeup look I feel like the
only difference with this look is the
Tanner skin and extra highlighter I love
my pale skin but I feel so comfortable
in this makeup look and my favorite
thing to do is pair it with some slicked
back hair because I want my hair out of
my face
which I think I'm gonna do that video
next so if you guys want to see that
make sure you are subscribed so you can
see when that video comes out I'll make
sure to have all the products that I
used listed down in the description so
if you have any questions you can check
them out there thank you guys so much
for watching I will be back on my
regular vlog schedule next week Monday
Wednesday Fridays and I usually throw in
plenty of bonus videos for you so thank
you again and we'll see you guys my next
video bye
literally I am supposed to get a
thumbnail for this video and the
construction guys are right out there
this is going to be so awkward awkward
for them they don't want to watch me but
still watch me no they're gonna pretend
that they're not watching me because
they're gonna be embarrassed for me
