hey guys it is Thursday evening I am
preparing a fun day for tomorrow which
is Friday Joel and I really want to get
the kids outside playing with them we've
been playing all summer but we want to
go up to Bear Lake there's a lake about
an hour away from us and I cannot wait
to take the kids up there enjoy lunch on
I was I I would say beach it's kind of a
beach
there's sand we're gonna enjoy this sand
l.l.bean is actually going to sponsor
this video and I have no problems
working with l.l.bean considering the
fact that I have had l.l.bean products
in my home my entire life for as long as
I can remember my mom has had one of
their magazines sitting with all the
rest of her magazines she has so it's
kind of fun that we are working with
them on their website they have a lot of
really cute kid
summer essential items and there are a
few things on there that I felt like we
have been in need of the first thing
that I chose from the kids summer line
is the Sun buster shelter it actually
was pretty easy to set up and the reason
that I wanted to get something like this
is because I wanted somewhere for
Lincoln to be able to crawl that wasn't
in the sand and this has plenty of room
in there I like that it provides a lot
of shade I like being out in the Sun but
sometimes it can just be so hot and the
Sun can be so intense even when you're
wearing sunblock and a half so I'm glad
that we have that I also picked out four
chairs one for each of the kids and I
like that they're all the same color
because I do not want the kids fighting
over what color they get so that should
eliminate a little bit of the fighting
if you all moms know what I mean
I love their towels because they are
huge as you can see these towels are
just huge of course the green one is for
Boston because that is his favorite
color is green Cody liked the blue one
with a whale he thought that one was
kind of cool and of course Olivia's is
the dainty starfish I will have LL
Bean's website listed in my description
if you guys want to check out the rest
of their kids line items they have a lot
of really fun summer things listed in
there that you can check out the thing I
like most about
their stuff is that it's really
high-quality they all ship for free and
there's a hundred percent satisfaction
guaranteed so that's what I personally
like about their stuff I wanted to show
you guys the final of the hand prints
now that it's all dry and we can walk on
it look at that little Lydia Lisi Libya
Cody
Boston and Lincoln
so nimble
whoa
the pounding makes my teeth hurt like I
feel it in my my molars or something
I brought you your hat oh did you find
any shop yes you should will go home
with a bank and G shell collection okay
we'll go home and we'll put some put in
a pretty place I find like a cool thumb
to put him in I'll have to drive you
swing top and I could put him in my
unicorn like little thing I could set
him
yeah get out stand down such a fun idea
and let you find more yeah
oh you know what you can even put them
in your cup holder for now if you want
yeah okay you feel that up and we'll
take them home okay another one good job
you are the sweetest little thing you
gonna go find more uh-huh hey me and my
baby here just enjoying the cool air
it's not so hot up here and the water is
cold and so it just feels just perfect
did you find some shells - it hurts so
bad to walk in the shallow water cuz
it's all just like broken up seashells
and like just rocks it just kills your
feet until you get a little further out
here you should record unless you sell
clock jinx no make a joke around she has
disease Excel collection grandma Griffis
does on her dresser doesn't she
like if she yep she did are gurga all
right mister I'm gonna watch you like a
hawk got your mouth cleaned out and I do
not want you putting more sand in that
mouth of yours okay that slobber mouth
no touch this is going to be impossible
oh good job you match and hat kids
Boston just walked up to me he said I
don't have some walk on and he was
feeling pretty left out huh you forgot
to put sunblock on Boston but don't
worry we got it on huh yeah are you mad
are you mad and the party's going just
like Boston well what is this a baby bug
that's been going there for Lincoln so
you're making him a baby pool but you
want a river to come out of it to lead
in there oh I see well maybe let's go
make one a little bit closer to the
water should we do that sure okay come
on
you feel pretty proud of that a proud
little face look he loves that Cody and
that's why I wanted to splash you wanted
him to splash well you know what you did
it it's like I am out of this disgusting
pool I am filth
are you gonna help him yeah he's kind of
crawling out of this one I can make it
keep yeah Cody I love he like had this
idea and he was conquering it he was
following through it like I like how
hard he had to work for it for this
silly little pool the gross huh it's
kind of gross he does like you guys did
it Hey look at me good job you guys
thank you put a dam up freezing it warms
up immediately once you're in that if
you like this you're a lucky baby well I
just bathed him in the lake took as many
seashells out of his mouth as possible
rinse does much oh look he's like
squinting as I do a girlfriend nap yes
you don't want to go crash you go crash
right oh yeah I'm sure you know very
well I think where the kids are tired
we're tired I think we ought to go find
a shake I know that's what Bear Lake is
known for is their shape raspberry I am
in love with these chairs are you
kidding me
Rebecca I ran into a few people and we
ready to this cute guy what your name's
Zach who's your favorite person watch on
YouTube
sure turn that's what I said they're my
favorite too
it's good to see you guys bye
like it
thank you
these kids are having the time of their
lives
they're sitting in the Sun neither
milkshake your duel too much there we go
oh my goodness we just pulled up to our
house and they got rid of all of the
concrete you ready to see it
oh it's never looked so smooth I can't
believe they already put forms up the
forms are already up so they can lay it
I wonder how quick they'll lay it
you have a lot of sprinklers to fix
that's so sad oh your poor flowerbeds we
will what's wrong with the flowerbeds
Oh smushed and I feel bad that like the
grass got ripped up Jill work so hard
I'm sorry and look we don't have a porch
they're gonna redo the porch holy moly I
got the kids all the way babe every
single one of them is dead and clean and
Lincoln was not a fan of it he was Macky
correction he loves his bath ease of not
getting lotioned up and cleaned up that
we did not love that this is the thing
I've never cut my like the fee like Cody
did cuz I'm gonna be able to slide down
it's like mr. pull it up mm-hmm
very typical six-year-old thinking she
wouldn't we'll have to slide down the
slide without creeping up my legs out
goggles you sure did I know what next
time I put my goggles on and guess what
what we came home and Joe and I were
unloading the suburban getting laundry
started like getting things cleaned up
came downstairs to check on the kids so
there I was like gonna serve lunch TV
they couldn't give it to me to turn on I
walked in the bathroom and Olivia told
me she goes oh I thought this month I
had the kid icj up my paycheck up yeah
hold on one second she told me Olivia
told me she said oh I have I got this
month I tried wiping boston's but
because he pooped in the toilet oh she
tried wiping him and then put him in the
bathtub because she couldn't get all of
it
whoo she bathed the boys you are sawsan
it could actually otherwise
put shampoo in their hair yeah because I
can't get it to supervise and to kind of
watch and next time Olivia wants to try
washing their hair I hope you have a
really great rest of your week and I'm
not going to see you for a week I'm not
gonna post any vlogs until next week
because I am going to be at my sister's
house I'm gonna focus all my attention
on her going to a family reunion want to
focus all my attention on my family so
I'll see you guys next week but I do
have a beauty video Wednesday and Friday
just so there's something who are you
I'm gonna miss you guys seriously I'm
gonna miss you guys okay bye good week
bye
