oh okay we are putting the feet prints
and hand prints of the kids in the
cement he's doing so good I can't
believe he's not like kicking his feet
oh how does that look
yeah yeah I wouldn't touch it too much I
just leave it crack in it
oh I see oh it looks so cute yes come
get you okay then he goes good in me no
yes no look if you guys you got to stand
all the way back see if you trip and
fall no look
see how I'm pushing you back good eye
teeth got like boob nted oh no oh you're
talking about being crooked that's okay
all right Olivia here I can hold him if
he that's okay okay occupied him wall
yeah okay so they are done with that pad
up here and they just poured this today
and it is time to put handprints in oh
does it make you nervous walking by it
yeah are you serious are you serious
sorry guys they're probably a little
notice us Oh funny so good Boston wait
up okay we have our handprints in my
mom's old concrete yeah when we were
young oh I can't wait to see it when
they're all done thank you guys for
being patient you guys have been really
awesome to work with it don't mind me
recording and it's how are you
going
same hand ready okay Cody Clark's turn
not too far apart
stay back Olivia don't want too close to
the sidewalk you got your hand in their
code straight up good yeah good job
Kendall a lot of work no do not wipe
your hand on dad did dad get that thing
working you're still a little too little
huh well too little for a motorbike
nah-ah come here guy bye
come here guy guy say that Cody say that
this no no you can't just try not to
trip you got to sit all the way back Big
Sisters turn you guys are making your
mark Karen sweet right ready - ah that's
a good good job guys like a sack of
potatoes okay please do not trip into
the cement okay do you guys see this
setup oh I just realized I'm giving you
a sneak peak of my Rebbe so this is the
rug that I decided to go with it came in
the mail I had another one come in the
mail but I didn't
get as much so this is the one I'm going
with but I don't want to put anything
out until I have everything that way I
can put it all out at once so here's
your sneak peek today I sat down and
recorded a beauty video because next
week I am going to my sister Julie's
house and I'm gonna be there for a
couple of days and then I have a family
reunion the next couple of days on who
I'm going I've ever something back there
for me anyway while I'm at my sister's
house and at our family reunion I do not
want to spend my nights editing the
videos but I really want you guys to be
a part of what I'm doing and so my plan
is I am going to record everything that
I do but I'm not going to edit or post
the videos for the following week so I'm
gonna have one full week of no logs I'm
a little nervous to even say that my
worry is that I'm going to come back and
everyone will have forgot about me
and I'll have nobody watching the videos
I don't think that's going to happen I
hope that doesn't happen from the 11th
to the following Monday I will not be
posting any videos I will have a few
Beauty videos but there won't be any
vlogs so I hope that's okay with some of
you I'm sorry don't be too mad but don't
worry I'll be recording the whole time
if I break it you fix it not pretty that
pretty descriptive of daddy are you
going where you think you're going no
you'll crawl right off the edge ah
Dada Dada she goes shoo go see what
daddy's doing come here and I'll take ya
come here and I'll take ya come here
crawl with me oh there we go that's what
we do call it mummy that's my necklace
and you always want to
it or put it in your mouth and that's
not okay
least I got a smile so you can see his
teeth I hope they stay space forever I
hope he keeps a gap in his teeth
forever I'm so sad I know he has two
other to come in
oh you can't fit that in your mouth
here take that other doesn't Alfie hey
daddy got that for mommy
yeah because I know I want it hey my
little baby needs braces
no I hope you don't ever let me see your
teeth
joel has never had braces I have never
had braces I still have a little gap in
my teeth it used to be much bigger but
it's not anymore lose your teeth small
really big Lucy a little focus focus
there I love that gap I hope I can keep
the gaps all right so he is putting the
lights in and if any of you know these
are LED lights Joe's favorite lights are
halogens
and the
but whatever lights who wants through
the entire house I let them place the
lights like Joe's in charge of the
lights what I learned is under the
halogen lights the focus on the camera
is just a little bit yellow and when I'm
filming it gets really difficult when I
have a yellow cast and so we me decided
me I decided for today he always sends
that got a mess when you it throw
Sweden I decided to go with LEDs like
only in the kitchen and family area
because this is where we record the most
and I didn't want that yellow cast this
scene could be so deceiving like look
how beautiful looks and everything is so
put together and then you look over
Aaron is like a tractor and piles of
dirt and cement and all that it's gonna
get fixed for the trailer stay
turkey Turkey turkey the tractor staying
that's yeah no it's not it's the new
playground the kids like to think so I
like to think so
well I don't know exactly what we plan
on putting over here but maybe while I'm
gone that's maybe something you guys
will have to think about that's Joel
takes care of the yard and decides what
goes in it and how how it goes in that's
kind of his thing for those that you
don't but don't know how I'm a
professional and he was klappa thought I
was gonna do that for the rest of my
life mm-hmm tell them about your back
tell him why you didn't oh well when I
was in high school me and my buddy Mike
Staedtler were in a car accident a
really bad car accident and it like
demolished his car flipped the other car
and what anyway it ended up fracturing
my back and since then my back has gone
downhill very quick lotta arthritis his
doctor said his doctor said that he has
the back of an 80 year old man like the
arthritis of an 80 year old man
yeah ten years ago ten years ago doctor
I'm actually pretty picky on what I do
and don't let Joel do oh I try to I
tried to tell Joel not to do things not
to do heavy lifting I it's Bonnie asked
me to not be so physical but it's almost
impossible like she's who you are like
that's what I'm good at
labor mm-hmm so I try to what you trying
to be careful let those guys do the
concrete yeah well that is why I told
him he couldn't do because he wanted to
do all of the concrete work out here and
I was like you are not breaking concrete
and you know that they were short a guy
for a for about an hour and a half when
they were pouring this and they had to
wheelbarrow it all back so you were will
barreling it come I'm so glad that we're
paying Joel to do work for us that's so
cool well they needed mud quick so I
just I only moved like six wheelbarrow
which means 16 no it was only six and
then the guy showed up and I was like
here you take this and he actually was a
good guy he's like why is the homeowner
pushing wheelbarrows I'm like I
volunteered I promise because he was
like yelling at the other cab that's
funny well now I don't feel too bad that
they had to redo a step boston stepped
on the wet concrete and like ruined one
of the steps i literally was saying out
loud to like I mean it was jokingly but
serious I was like I would rather you
almost play in traffic right now I
thought that was actually very scary
today trying to keep the kids away from
the wet concrete it has been a pretty
nice day don't you think it's been a
little lacks we've gotten a few things
done
I think it's been productive in there
it's been very productive but it hasn't
seemed stressful no not stressed at all
I feel like it's been a little lazy
David we've got a lot we've gotten so
much done I am so nervous to be gone you
guys I'm so nervous to not film or to
not post videos next week don't forget
about me okay
honestly you guys thank you so much for
those of you that are such kind
supporters I can't even tell you the
letters and the comments and things you
guys in wedges and packages we have a
huge following in Australia
a lot of people comment that they're
Aussies and I love it I love when you
guys comment and tell me where you guys
are from in the comments comment where
you guys are watching from thank you
guys so much for watching Boston just
hate it can you say goodbye to everybody
hold on Boston can you say goodbye to
everybody
bye-bye everybody thank you bye
everybody
