and it begins stop yelling
I'm vlogging okay here I keep do not do
not spin okay okay
good morning oh let's don't write on him
he's not he's not this is the yellow
camera I'm not kidding you take it
today his haircut day I am NOT a cute
hope he's getting dressed me about that
John say okay mom it's the heater I'm
not sure what am I supposed to look at
you or the camera
I had the new year new us no don't keep
that in this was not okay
no no brownie chocolate brownie tricks
Lincoln Lincoln say good morning
I'm Dadhichi itchy the kids have been
looking at our Hawaii block the kids
have been the answer is no I'm gonna
wipe this off real quick I don't know if
this is silly but when I Olivia's hips
are right here that is her hip I will
hurt you at the next one here I want
everyone in that family room her hips it
should turn look forward I so Olivia
look at the fire
don't look back at daddy just look at
the fire don't laugh just run Lincoln
just Rock I like to spend her last
minute masking don't laugh look right
here look at the camera buff right look
right here with my fingers boss your
hands out like this he was just putting
my leg until you know it's Saturday
morning oh I already said that just got
to learn to share with them I can't hold
my arm in the suit I have a privilege of
attending uh I have I have the privilege
of attending a funeral from a member of
I have the privilege of attending a
funeral for the member of do you promise
you're okay if I don't do my hair or
makeup hey Olivia
I was running all over the house trying
to find come on
I was running my son's background
I'm on Lincoln Judy I'm gonna take a
shower and Lincoln's gonna watch my wine
oh my gosh I am NOT doing that by
skateboard tricks those are new earrings
aren't they
no I'm letting the kids put baby powder
on their faces for a thumbnail okay come
in sit down hurry no working no more
Lincoln to no okay seriously no more
these came from charming Charlie's a
long time ago I swear actor not now I
lie about a lot of things that's what
happens when you cry wolf get off the
roof that's insane I know that but
what's insane to me is like I sit here
and look at my it's horrid I didn't ask
it a fart possibly and I have to
manually Oh code boomin laughing funny
and we literally oh my gosh feel like
I'm gonna pee my pants someone told a
girl sorry let me start over so you're
saying I got a disease I do your coat
under your coat and shake it out real
quick I told Cody or I mean your face
you close the lid on the toilet please
see I just had to do a little yelling
look at baby Lincoln oh whoa hey doll I
don't want that clip in there hold on
we're sitting in the Salt Lake City
Airport because there's a hole in my
pocket Center look on don't move because
unless it hurts it hurt yeah see stop
don't move your head unless
hey I can't reach it when you move your
head away are you taking that thing for
ride
