my goodness I literally I literally went
under stairs to get a food packet and
this is what I come downstairs
oh now you're saying mama when you want
me to come save you he's like mama he's
dead gasps oh my gosh yeah I just sit
down good together yeah why not
yes help him sit down but yeah and now
he wants to eat it does he oh good
morning you guys holy Wow it has been a
huge weekend too huge
I am so exhausted the kids are exhausted
my plan for today is going to be quiet
hanging out in the basement that's all I
want to do I want to watch snake and
crawl I want to get the boys dressed I
really should do their haircuts but I
want to so we're just going to hang out
in my basement that's what we're gonna
do watch Cody do his booty dance with
what little booty he has that is my plan
this is my plan today I log ha did
something here is I you guys are insane
hahahaha this is the cutest Lincoln you
are Olivia's little dolly no you cannot
put that in your mouth you are Olivia's
little dolly
like literally my finger before I leave
I just got to show you guys oh my poor
yard okay
so they are scraping up all the old dirt
you can see he's got a lot of it gone
and there's just a little teeny pile
anyway so he's getting rid of the dirt
and then we're going to put the top of
the cement on today hopefully today joel
is out there with them of course he's
like I'm like Joel we are kidding them
a lot of money to do this and you don't
have to do it with them like you can do
other work while they're doing that me
insists on being out there and helping
that much I don't know if that's a
terrible that's not a terrible thing
anyway I'm getting my hair cutting stuff
I don't know where any of it is oh my
gosh I'm supposed to uh well I would
like to get my kids as haircuts today
I'm gonna go over to Elly's house and do
it cuz she actually has a place to do it
ah
Oh dah what am I thinking I can just use
Ellie's hair cutting stuff tada
what's the matter are you guys sad about
our grass do you know what the cement is
only going to go to about where you see
the room about that's about where that's
just where the cement will go and the
rest daddy's going to make nice fresh
new grass what do you think about that
yeah okay all right we are at Aunt
Ellie's house and we are getting
haircuts and when we're done we're gonna
bathe em all here
Lincoln is asleep at home Joel is also
at home and he is taking care of
business over there and we are taking
care of our business over here so now
that I went fresh orange juice and
bananas put a tiny bit of makeup on I
actually feel a little bit better about
the day and I am ready to face it I get
on I didn't know the guy can have been
in that car you know that Jackson has
been in that car yeah is that their new
van isn't it pretty
oh I
my little card next time you want to buy
one of those cars yeah on my birthday
okay don't give me a go house don't get
you a girl house yeah all right
do you like your hair the way it is or
would you rather me cut it short like
Boston's this is great you like this I
kind of like this - I think it makes you
look so so handsome I like it this way
oh no like boss your hair just to be
like Bosstones
well I like it this way you like it the
same Oh drink
this is fresh-squeezed orange juice
whoops okay if I can okay spill juice
London and yes mmm
we'll try not to spill orange juice on
it okay okay you are watching us why is
the camera watching us yeah in case you
say something cute let me give up you
can but I'm not gonna let you take a
bath if you're not gonna talk nice to
mommy
get a little excuse you that's nicer
yeah yeah you're gonna keep talking nice
I am sitting here admiring how handsome
my baby Cody is and as yet his hair
looks so fly but he turns around and I
don't know if you can see this there is
like this chunk of hair right here that
I forgot to cut anyway we're gonna
there's an address hey Boston you're
next come on out of the tub
come on let's get you dried off it feels
so good to just sit cut the kids hair
lotion their faces wash their bodies
like really wash them like they have
layers of sunscreen layers of dirt
layers of sweat like these kids were
dirty look at me I've got this like
glowing sweaty shine I didn't going on
slotter we're getting these kids clean
and this is a summer strawberry
applesauce pick up my call bye now take
away it's just a fly now that we have
rated at Ellie's house Oh
two spider-men need a bite thank you bye
spider-man
now Boston coming here yeah he's um he
got wet
mostly just fun he's like raspberries
not strawberries all right
now that I have said the kids I rated
ILI's covered but the kids and I also
got them a little snack for later
some nice grapes thank you at Ellie and
uncle Jared um haircuts are done
underwear is clean and Hailey I feel
like a new woman i real
do I feel like a new woman because my
kids are clean yes Jackson sleeps right
there climb up in there and I'll show
you climb up there do you want his
animal blanket or do you want his minion
blanket minion okay hey damn oh hey and
I'll put it on yeah Pizza time timeout
yeah
did you hear yeah today it's a diary
Thank You Man
hey I am watching movie when you wake up
sure you want to watch a minion movie
when you wake up oh no - a minion yeah
this you want to hold this blanket while
you watch a movie yeah okay sounds good
okay I don't have a door oh just the
light on no I'll turn the light off and
you'll just go to sleep
oh I just light off okay Boston I'm
gonna turn the light off
oh my teeth see you can still see it man
well that's because you got to go to
sleep you'll see him when you wake up
okay you go to sleep he's like trying to
get used to his surroundings I want you
to close your eyes close your eyes
hey Claude Royce post you're being
stubborn right now oh you're my
beautiful only better watching
not only to watch movie unless you take
a nap okay just a little one how about a
little baby one yeah okay you close your
eyes and you take just a little baby one
and I'll come get you in a few minutes
okay in a few minutes
okay close your eyes are you guys ready
to see the most beautiful thing you've
ever seen in your life
look at my concrete you guys it is done
salt well at least that little pad is
they're going to pour another section
going to the shed and then obviously the
other half over there but look at them
look at our yard Oh yep kids are unhappy
but look at our yard I cannot believe
we've got a lot of work ahead of us the
kids are sitting here watching The
Goonies we are gonna end our little
quiet day I feel like today was a nice
restful day for all of us we didn't do a
whole lot we sat and watched a movie at
Ellie's and now we're just hanging out
in the basement we're gonna get things
cleaned up and picked up here before
it's time for bed so that when we wake
up we have a fresh house so thank you
guys as always thank you guys as always
for watching our videos unless you guys
next time
I
