hi hi let's go to great-grandma
Carrigan's let's go to great-grandma
carrot should we do hey hey kiss my
puppy hey hold on hi everybody we are at
Grandma Kerrigan's house and by we I
mean me
Boston Wade Oh Cody Clark all their
cousins second cousins direct cousins
and Olivia Bonnie is at home with
Lincoln and she's putting him to bed and
taking one for the team and hanging out
at home so I drove up to Morgan with two
boys and Olivia to see at Grandma
Carrigan's house huh this little ditch
was a ditch that dad used to play in all
the time is a little boy because that's
what they do they just water their lawns
like that hi Olivia
they just flood them each person takes
their turn flooding their yard you can
see this long stretch of land right here
it we used to open up these like
floodgate things I don't even know what
they are but anyway and then you block
off the water and it'll just bubble over
and if you comment if you've done this
before in your life or you still do it
some people still do it but we'd flood
it and it was like a giant slip and
slide like a hundred feet long you'd be
soaked it probably trashed the lawn but
every summer grandma would let us play
in at least one time and this is the or
the barnyard and all the horses are gone
I'm sad all the horses are gone from the
property for right now because the
fireworks will be a little too much
Gorham you see a horse these are the
neighbor horsies huh yeah there's some
neighbors horsies but this property
right here all this right here is a my
grandma Carrigan's lot and
we grew up playing back here playing in
the bit hay barn crawling up there
that's like probably infested with
spiders but it was amazing as a kid it
was so much fun probably I don't know we
didn't care so when I was a kid every
3rd of July we'd come up to Grandma
Carrigan's house and we'd have a big
party food we'd set off fireworks late
at night and then we'd spend the night
on grandma's lon
the next morning you'd get up and you'd
go to the 5k Fun Run or whatever like
you'd walk I remember winning a super
soaker just going for the walk on it and
then always you'd bring your bikes and
you decorate them up and then you'd go
have a family parade Morgan's a really
really small town and it's amazing it's
it's my favorite and I used to grow or
come up here during the summer time and
spend some time with my cousins and
Grandma and I loved it and I loved this
place
and grandma Kerrigan is getting pretty
fragile and old I wanted to show you the
M that like M Carol II see it is very
iconic to me I've hiked to it I don't
know how many times and seen
rattlesnakes up there that's disgusting
but we're here as a family gathering
around my grandma Kerrigan because her
health is starting to to get down and we
wanted to get together one more time and
enjoy her company and enjoy what the
fourth of July is to me and this is it
this is what the whole fourth of July
means is like the freedom to do what we
do here Olivia found a friend Cody found
older boys to play with Boston won't
leave my side but I don't care
he's good we're just hanging out and
then I shaded grandma's house look at
this beautiful beautiful green little
home I think we've shown it a few times
a few videos but I grew up playing this
house this house is amazing and I don't
know if you know this but this is an
interesting fact this part of the house
right there is not original so the rest
what you can see is original and when my
grandma bought it it cost $1,300 $1,300
then when she put this addition on years
later the addition cost $2,000 it's
totally perspective totally different
lifestyle but I love it I love it you
got it
okay go throw him again show me
I'm so glad I didn't parked close you're
bad at it oh go again
Oh hit me please don't hit me oh my gosh
whew that was pretty close to again whoo
getting better but getting better get it
when you're big you can Oh try again
will stink he hasn't gone to anybody on
that don't leave my side C's grandma
puts his hand out what look at all this
yummy food that's quite the plethora I
wanted to tell my grandma Kerrigan thank
you for giving me the best childhood
memories of my summers ever my thing to
be like grandma Kerrigan and my parents
and for everybody and these little
grandkids okay okay you had a really
nice time hello my work kandi cannon
okay anyways I want to tell my grandma
Kerrigan thank you and my mom and dad
thank you and everybody thank you for
making so many childhood memories my
cousins that I'm sure watching me thank
you I thank you guys for watching
Wilbur you're gonna get it oh my gosh -
four - bud Cody clearly there might be a
pitcher next year I think he liked
hitting but I think being a pitcher
might be his thing he'll try again no
you're gonna drink of that water I don't
know whose that is
hologram hits it's my brother Wyatt yeah
but look at these are all great
grandkids
is there any great-great-great
I don't think so yet just great great
patskans Patch Kids great great great
there we go the biggest be the biggest
grandkid of them all oh and we got
another one I think I could herd cats a
little bit better than this I threatened
them with their lives
to hold hands and not let go grandmas
loving it I beg I bet grandma's heart is
very full right now both boys oh my word
aunt Diane brought like half a dozen
pinatas and this is what these bought is
kissing I'm blocking the light I don't
want to watch the light okay what you
got half of Curious George who broke
Curious George open I did Cody Clark
broke dirt Curious George open but you
were right in front you probably
weakened it up we'll find him we'll go
through it tomorrow Cody I'll give you
like songs and I will go through them
tomorrow okay we'll go to show all
tonight tonight tonight when we get home
we'll show Mom all of our candy okay
okay you guys say bye to everybody
okay it really is nice time whew that's
a good one let's see yours code and
hockey have lots of fun sugary stuff do
you know what firework time let's go
look at some fireworks
come on guys oh hey come on guys come on
guys hey that's pretty good and the show
has begun
I've got awesome waiter with me Olivia's
down there with her cousins Tori's down
there with Carla's we're just watching
Boston you wanna record
that's the good stuff we've got the
stereo plan okay that's it but one bed
oh did I see that one it was cool look
at all these cool fireworks what do you
say bud take a night everybody
they happy fourth of July hmm
happy fourth of July everybody
