oh yeah I shine the kids are so excited
to be seeing all these Hot Wheels run
away to breakfast we've never been
changes right the salty of those great
work that perfectly cousins like that
one the heritage lone try stuff you've
done that's the one who's excited
let's get two of them he wants these
force again any expensive birthday
they're pointing at all the cars like on
the street just Park these are right
Wow
the like least cool of them all
what do you think of that honk aah oh my
gosh you're loving life
did you hear Boston the green Hall
Liberty no just came through
all right every single car that you sees
I want that one for my birthday I want
that one for my birthday
oh good cat straw you can what color you
want kids are hot and sweaty so we're
getting a snow cone break and of course
what color are you getting what you even
give you lean oh my goodness it looks so
good
yeah
bonnie and cody and Lincoln are taking
naps I had to think about that you can't
see my eyes like roll to the back of my
head to think about it but they're all
taking naps and Boston took a little nap
Olivia didn't take a nap and daddy is
washing the suburban so it's nice and
clean for the cruise in cuz we're gonna
cruise in the parade no we're really not
but I just want to clean it's nice but
my little babies are washing their rides
huh what are you washing your bikes yeah
Boston scrubbing your bike
okay scrub it up good get it down in the
wheels what I'm using is here yeah get
in them wheels deep boy what hope watch
that car this is a fun day we're just
enjoying ourselves relaxing this is kind
of like fourth of July weekend obviously
it is but it's like every day feels like
the force to me we're just playing
around
relaxing we're not working on the
remodel we're having fun and enjoying
ourselves you need a bucket over there
pull the bikes over to the bucket okay
get over there okay I'll move it hey
that's a good wash method I like that
too slap the slap method just don't get
too wet or mom will kill me I got to get
back because my subs are gonna dry on my
car and then I'll have spots and he'll
be really mad everybody's got a
motorcycle now whoo that sounds like
sounds like trouble this was Boston's
little car wash station and I'm almost
done you can kind of see look at the
shine look at this this is the shine on
this one you can't even tell BAM just
blingin and then this is what I say
start out as see us all dull just dull
takes a lot a lot of elbow grease but I
like it enjoy doing it and the kids are
having fun with their little wash
station
we got fell hard over the over the hose
okay mr. motorcycle
it's killing me that they're riding our
bikes with just no shoes at the idea the
idea of riding barefoot Oh miss our
teeth and my feet ache hey did will
clean you up a little bit it's so loud
out here it's it's so loud all these
young teenagers with their loud
motorcycles a smiley guy he took a good
nap but I remember when Olivia was a
baby and she was learning to crawl up
the stairs same with Cody's and with
Boston and I really wanted to record
them or take pictures of them crawling
up the stairs and I never did because
our stairs were so gross-looking the
carpet was so old did daddy take you to
buy these phones yeah they are so funny
and again when they have suckers in them
second for a sucker Lincoln we didn't
even know that he could crawl up the
stairs until we were at the top of the
stairs and he came up right behind us
well when he was first crawling enough
this is this courier
I put the Train there to block him and
he like crawled over this day to Train
and like the train tipped off and you
saw his leg like push the Train act it
over but like I still went up on a
surface cartoon well I'm sure proud of
mr. Lincoln it's like I kind of I kind
of feel like I miss him like I miss him
because during this normally in my
routine day I'm with him 24/7 all
attention on the kids I just didn't
watch and with this remodel I just
haven't been able to pay as much
attention to him and I feel like I miss
him I miss mommy huh good job Lincoln oh
look at the mess of the stay made we
have to do the touch-up paint yeah we're
good pretty good not touching I know
good job Lincoln cheerful done good job
Lincoln look at him make his way you
know it's my favorite thing for him to
crawl into a shower with you that was
funny
he does that every time now you can't
just let him sit in the floor play baby
Taunton kid hall and man right there
okay I'm a dad Joel came out here last
night at like midnight and they're like
you're not allowed to put anything else
until the day of the event
so I was here at midnight yesterday it
is so hot right now I know that's why we
wanted this spot
I'm telling Joey now I can make him real
attention yeah yeah so he staked off
this little area for us this is we're in
the shade yes what
thanks Joel Joel is the most prepared
man you'll ever meet so he went to the
store and got tons a little drink I
think there's even special ones in here
for you guys yes Olivia look what daddy
also brought Lakshmi
look he got bubbles for you kids
why don't you want you to take that over
to Jackson and see if he wants that
that's why you guys go tell daddies
thank you good job washed him
yeah it's going to get much much more
noisy and it's not going to be fun to
record while at sunrise II have you been
makin tons of friends out here Olivia
yeah
are you serious you two sharing your
popcorn oh okay that's what I thought
yeah the machine gun there's a machine
bottle
I hope linkages plane with the cooler
enjoying this day my baby that's a
pretty cool one
Boston hey what cult what one's your
favorite I mean why because it looks
like the Hulk alright our stop is coming
up thank you please stay in touch I know
there's only room for me and that
yelling isn't that cool
so that was someone watching our kuia
and we met a girl afraid Brendan Brendan
to his wife watch in the middle of
nobody this teething baby is so tired he
is just worn right out he has been such
a good sport today I am proud of him all
the kids have been really good we have
been celebrating the fourth of July
weekend and it's been jam-packed we
it'll continue to be jam-packed until
the fourth is over we don't know exactly
what our plans are gonna be so keep in
tune so that you can make sure to check
it out thank you guys so much for
watching make sure to give this video a
thumbs up and we'll see you guys on next
video bye I'm saying goodbye once they
bye bye guys look at that I know I know
I've been showing him so freaking cute
we had a good day huh yeah I feel like
we're like having a party like we are
for day party we are the July weekend
2016 I just want to tell you Bonnie and
I did really nice time right
