alright sad-sack party is over today is
a new day and it's it's early right now
my voice is like scraggly I'm like
barely even awake but when kids are
awake mom is awake and when I've been
pizzeria and makes a comeback
4:30 in the morning awake I'm assuming
that's what it was I don't know
joette running this morning kids are
just waking up Cody is actually still in
bed
we have chores to do today and then we
have something very fun do you guys want
me to tell you what we're doing tonight
I always do this I shouldn't tell him
yet I shouldn't tell me I should tell
them right before we leave because plans
might change and they seriously always
do someone's gonna start throwing up
someone's gonna something and we won't
be able to go but I'm gonna tell you
anyway so you have something to look
forward to today oh let me tell you what
we're gonna do Boston we're gonna go do
something fun do you guys want to go to
the fireworks tonight
oh no the playground no good morning you
guys
I am ready I have a doctor appointment
to take Boston to so we're gonna get a
little update with his situation I have
the house to show you I'm very excited
so we were able to uncover the floors
because we are all done painting this is
what it looks like we have the paint
done our grid wall is done so I I have a
baby in my hand so we're trying to is
okay the little the top right here
that's gonna be on the same as our
countertop so it'll be kind of that
great
so the grid wall has done the doors on
the trim is done Lincoln you can't see
cuz it just went dark
this is all the way painted and done I
love you can reach that the tape of the
stairs that's our new doorbell isn't she
cute glad to get rid of the old huge
black one that was it used to be above
the stairs but Amy so this is all done
that's where the two cupboards are gonna
go on the side of the fireplace
I think the floor looks really good up
against everything so the other day when
I was talking about the paint not
matching I didn't even show you guys the
whole time I was editing I was like why
didn't you show them okay I hope that
they count yeah yeah well I don't know
if the camera picks it up very well so
you can see that the trim is really
white and the doors look really yellow
compared to the white trim so I think
what we're good yeah you can tell once I
get like further down and it's not like
I know it's not that big of a deal but
when you put so much work into something
and have that like look like that it's
like what yeah that's my biggest thing
is yes we are gonna repaint the doors
and then but the thing is is we can't do
any touching up I can't because then
it's like it looks like I'm putting
white right onto yellow we've been we
stayed up late late last night painting
early and finished painting like the
taping off is what takes the most time
it's just this little lot of work we're
tired but it's almost done we're getting
close to me
from you spin you oh sit down las pi√±as
y is a little boy in a swimsuit secure
socially those I specifically got these
so I can see hey are we gonna let the
doctor look at your throat today oh then
we can't go in
we can't spin anymore can you look at
your throat when we go back there are
you gonna let him look at your throat
when we go back there ah
good job - it's hard to like focus the
camera on him while I spin him oh okay
now how many of you guys are dizzy now
okay
Charlie is sick because you pushed him a
lot yeah oh my goodness what's in your
hand
who's that flare poor charlie is really
can feel better oh I'm so glad
does the gum in your mouth make you feel
better you feel better
yes Boston what does your Percy sing
good news that's a really cool Percy
watch thank you wow dude
zebra yes for this is B fret what does a
deeper say yeah I don't know either hey
we are getting the sunblock on everybody
and I'll update you about the doctor
appointment so according to the
ultrasound it looks like a lymph node
because he can he thinks that there
possibly might be blood fried to it if
it is blood that means it's not
a thyroglossal cyst but he is pretty
certain that it is and that it's there
they're not seeing exactly what they
think in their scans anyway he thinks
it's very much so assists so we're gonna
wait and see I told him unless it has to
come out and unless it starts growing
we're gonna wait like a month or so and
see where it goes because he also wants
to take his tonsils out at the same time
so that's kind of where we're at so that
was the update from the doctors so for
now we'll just wait and see under no
circumstances would I ever show my full
body in the swimsuit but you can kind of
get a glimpse of the top of this
swimsuit and I feel like is my favorite
okay let's go down a little on my tummy
it holds my mommy tummy in very very
well and I'll put a link to where I got
this because I feel that other mothers
with tummies would appreciate it it is a
one-piece and it is muffin you like my
swimsuit - huh - yeah I have to I have a
this color and then I also have a black
one you like which one's your favorite
oh hey ready go in the water
he is so under you guys he is so angry
and even though he's ornery that little
butt and his little oak yet the floor is
wet ok
don't be sad though the floor is wet we
are at a swimming pool walk with Daddy
walk with Daddy and the day is probably
my favorite you want to take in yes
I'm like jealous I want to get in with
them I'm gonna go watch the kids come
down the slide they're in line right now
we went to Ellie and Jared's and
borrowed this real quick bring him over
here Lincoln the screen is so dark I
can't see he was so happy in there oh my
gosh this thing is so fun look at the
mystic there he just flashed his face
did you see him
that is so perfect I'm honestly just
pretending that I don't have five and
legs and calves full of stretch marks
I'm just pretending I'm just gonna
pretend that I'm not self-conscious and
crying nobody here has a perfect body
I'm just not going to think about it and
you lay there like a mermaid you lay
there like the mermaid you are
do you want to do it again yeah she
looks like such a big girl my kids are
so not acclimated with the water they
get really nervous okay
total parents win fail look at this
bulgy if you can honestly see how full
and huge this is that is not a swim
diaper
we brought pull-ups on accident we
brought pull-ups and not swim diapers so
Boston straight suit it's like Boston
can you turn around turn around
let me see your diaper turn around that
is so cute
joel is buying us to swim backwards
right now because this is so horrifying
it looks like a super rope just dumped
in huh
now he looks like Popeye my eyes are
like blinding yeah they're in the car
Lincoln Lincoln hang on recants he's so
happy but it's like scowl from the Sun
when I threw him in the garbage can
there was like teenagers buying there
it's like weird don't feel bad
hi handsome look at you you're like my
little fish where's your shirt
show me your shirt oh my goodness
swimming like for us to read out the
boys or Olivia and Cody they are gonna
take quiet time I don't know if them now
they might fall asleep we'll see it's
like five o'clock right now Lincoln was
taking a nap Boston and daddy and me we
are gonna take a little nap because
tonight we're gonna the fireworks
look how white his little body has
compared to yours he doesn't have a
choice he's taking and now and then
we're gonna go to dinner do fireworks
oh thank you yes it's not cool
Ellie made fun of us for coming to
trigger a before-dinner well I just have
something to say so for years this is
what Joe and I have done we come to this
park and we just watched the fireworks
there is a huge area for the kids to
play and every year when we are you
serious okay so I want to tell you
Ellie's obsessing over these padded
chairs you put the attic cover it comes
in there's a zipper no I copy so many
things from Ellie's on your sister no
it's really not there's no such thing
what I'm trying to say is that we of
always come and we've never had family
here in Logan no and we have you guys
and now we have your parents and we is
fun
III hope my parents are listening but
they love you just as much as any
grandma that they have they just love
you guys I love that we all get along
yes dad love that too yeah cause of all
the in-laws it's fun
no awkward would it be if my parents and
your parents just hated each other no
but they're so good to us and I don't
know it just feels so good having you
guys love you guys did you say my chair
I may put the camera away we're gonna
watch fireworks thank you guys for
watching we'll see you guys later
I don't think I could be any more proud
of Cody right now he is like
penny-pinching he's he's being
resourceful he's just utilizing what is
in his area and he's following you can't
really see but he's following all the
big kids who have like the little
poppers fireworks and he's just gleaning
any they don't pop and don't use picks
him up and then just uses him again what
a stinkin little boy oh my gosh Cody I'm
very proud of you what you've been doing
there's no more well you got to keep
fine to them I'm pretty oh I saw you had
a few okay
are you having fun following everybody
okay and done and done what a guy
I'll have to get him some poppers Ferb
fourth of July but it's only the first
so we're good
