I am in my bedroom sitting on the floor
with the door shut the kids are in bed
and I did not record a vlog for today
because I have felt very overwhelmed
this week with so many different aspects
of my life and I just felt like I wanted
to just be with the kids and Joel and
Ellie and my mom and dad we went down
today um and I cut my mom's hair the
kids played outside all day we didn't
even allow them in the house we all
stayed outside in the shade had
popsicles and usually we have all the
fun and then when it's time to go home
my dad gets home from work so he kind of
misses the party sometimes but today we
were there until my dad got home and um
and I haven't even really talked to my
dad a whole lot about anything and he
just kind of pulled me aside we went
inside while Joel was getting the kids
all loaded up in the suburban and he
just gave me a few words of
encouragement and I don't even know he
just kind of knew what I needed to hear
and I was really grateful for that um
without getting too religious on you
basically he was telling me what I
already knew I just needed a good
reminder and just love each other
forgive each other and love each other
it's not our job to judge anyone to you
know be hard on ourselves like it's just
forgive each other and love each other
and I just feel like everyone no matter
what your circumstance is to take that
advice like I just felt like that was
just really really needed and I was
really grateful so while I was cutting
my mom's hair we were looking at her
hummingbird feeder and I love
hummingbirds Olivia loves hummingbirds
and I think my mom loves hummingbirds
and we were looking at her little
hummingbird feeder in the trees saying
how pretty it was and she's like oh just
take it take it no well I'm not taking
your hummingbird feeder anyway I got in
the car and she had slipped her little
hummingbird feeder into my purse think
that's so sweet and now anytime I'm
gonna hang it in my little tree and
anytime I look at that it is gonna
remind me of the sweet words of
encouragement that my dad gave to me and
I don't know I just makes me love
hummingbirds even that much more I'm
just I don't know I'm excited to put it
in my tree so as we were leaving um we
were all starving and hungry we had to
make a stop to run an errand and and
then there's a place called the pizza
pie no no husband saves beats by a cafe
you like my place do you think our beats
are what can I say we went to but what's
happening here myself oh I got a run oh
okay everybody's asleep right now okay
I'll see you in a little bit okay okay
okay Church stuff so what I was saying
we went to the Ogden pizzeria we met
there a handful of times when I was
younger and we just really liked it Joe
had never been there until he married me
and then I took him there a few times
but so we were sitting at pizza-pie cafe
oh my gosh at Ogden pizzeria we were
sitting at Ogden Pizzeria and Joel kept
looking at the lady behind me and I was
trying not to like turn around and look
at it I could see her out of the corner
of my eye and I was kissing Lincoln
playing with Lincoln and I wanted to
look at her because I thought all I
don't know she's like watching me like
oh maybe I should stop kissing the baby
so much and I thought no I'm just gonna
do my thing she's gonna do her thing and
then Joel said Patti look at the look at
her behind you and I turn around and
looked and it was my uh Joel and eyes
choir teacher that we had all growing up
and her name is mrs. green and we were
so excited to see her so we stood up she
came over and she
the family and she's like I can't
believe you two little kids in my class
created this little family here she'd
been sitting there watching us have
dinner I'm glad I kept my patience with
the kids at dinner I have to these days
after watch my socks you know right
watching you
anyway it is really good to catch up
with her and I did tell her I said
seeing you right now as an adult looking
back at me as a stupid kid in high
school junior high both Joe and I I was
speaking for us both and I just said I
wish I would have maybe showed you how
much I appreciated you she was the best
teacher and she loved us she you could
tell that she loved us um thinking back
you know you can at the time I didn't
even realize it and I didn't appreciate
her at the time I actually played the
piano for her um and my classmates like
I accompanied them on the piano while
they sing a few songs and that was a
good experience when she walked over she
said hi Bonnie how are you and hi Joel
how are you I couldn't believe she
remembered our names it was 15 years ago
that we were in her class as we were
getting ready to leave I said Joe go out
there and you picked you get her dinner
you go up and you pay for her in our
husbands dinner and so Joe and up and he
was paying for dinner and Olivia was
kind of wanting to know who this lady
was and I said that was my that was my
singing teacher my choir teacher and I
said singing teacher because that's what
Olivia really wants to do she loves
singing and wants to be in singing
lessons and so when I told her that her
jaw dropped to the floor and Olivia went
back over to her table gave her a huge
hug put her arms around her neck and
told her in her ear we I want you to be
my singing teacher too and mrs. green
just started bawling she thought that
was so sweet
anyway so Joel came back from paying for
dinner and he said someone had already
bought our dinner at the pizza place and
I and he didn't tie it till we got to
the car and I said who will pay for our
dinner that's he asked so he asked the
cashier you said who paid for our dinner
was at a table because me I thought did
mrs. green get to ours before we got to
hers
and it wasn't someone he said that he
thought it was someone that worked there
so someone that worked there got our
dinner and the only thing that I can
think is if maybe they watch our videos
and I'm so sad they did it come and say
hi they paid for our dinner and it's
like okay we then we did we paid for
mrs. Green's dinner just to say thank
you and sorry we were such turds to you
anyway the whole drive home I just kept
saying in the middle of nowhere that's
like I just I don't know it was just so
huge for me and just I don't know it
makes going into this holiday weekend
it's a 4th of July I cannot believe in
July so we've got like we have a really
fun weekend planned and I am just going
to take a deep breath and just go into
the weekend with a peaceful happy
attitude there was just a few little
things through my day that really were
small but that meant so much to me and
just the rest of the driving I slept I
think I slept the rest of the day
but the kids were happy on the way home
they weren't fighting like that in and
of itself was just the biggest awesome
blessing there was I don't have anything
like profound to say I just I don't know
it's just let's just love each other and
let's just move forward with good
attitudes it is it's a lot of work to
hold on to grudges and just let it go
just let it go if you can't change it
then move forward you can only do what
you do you can't control others you just
you do you do you bill
thank you guys for watching I this may
I'm not going to say this is probably
really boring because I don't know
I like watching these kind of vlogs it's
not a regular family vlog so if you were
here for the babies sorry
you can watch tomorrow's video I'll show
the babies a really good evening you
guys think spike
