I'm trying to have a good start to my
day I'm trying to think positive here
I'm on the phone with the pink company
because I have a very a situation on my
hands before I tell you the situation I
want to show you a huge milestone with
Lincoln Lincoln hi hi he was doing it hi
no you stinker look
Oh coffers can you say hi hi
look at his hand watch his hand mama no
he's telling me no oh my god mama he'll
do it yeah cuz he'll lose his head hey
Lincoln hi hi hello as you saw I'm here
is that do the wheels on the bus was on
the bus yeah
okay back to our situation so we painted
oh I thought he came back with fun
hi okay so last night we painted all the
trims and you know everything that's
going to be white looks beautiful and we
have in the past done our remodels
and painted all the doors well we take
the my messiness is back there we take
the protective stuff off the doors and
they look yellow and we compare old trim
to new trim and the old trim looks
yellow so white umber is the color that
we use basically it's white paint and
they add just a
of like a yellowy brown hue to it which
just creates an off-white because when
we are doing the home we wanted it to
feel warm and so we go with a more
yellowy white it looks white but
compared to stark white it has a hue to
it and that's what we liked that's what
we wanted I initially thought you mixed
up the wrong paint they gave us the
wrong paint color well I called and I am
like you gave us the wrong paint and
we're coming in and you're gonna
reimburse us and someone's gonna come
out here and have to repaint all that we
did blah blah blah and all skin oh yeah
I was I was mad well because we stay
that's how 1:00 in the morning that was
a nightmare last night painting
unmasking mask and we started masking at
8 in the morning yesterday and painted
they just took all day it just took all
day so I'm like that puts us up like
this that's sweat and labor that I'm
behind on anyway
so Joel me downstairs and got all the
old paint that we've used in the past
like one from a year ago a bucket from a
year ago a bucket from December when we
did the basement we lined up all the
paints watched it on the wall and it's
all the same it all swatches the exact
same so no they did not give us the
wrong color and so the only thing I can
think is that this paint oxidizes like
crazy my kids are like we're so hungry I
know because I haven't fed you is a
material of Honor um I think we should
all get dressed and get some breakfast
so everything is mismatched
we just painted a door down the kids are
using the parkin right now so the we
repainted a door downstairs and it looks
bright white compared to everything
that's down there that was only done a
few months ago so the porter paint sales
rep is coming to my home today around
noon and he's going to take a look at
things so we'll see I'm I'm just sick
and this is just one of the
sistahs of the crappy go through with a
remodel so many people are like why
don't you just build a new home I know
why don't we just go it would be easier
it would be easier it would also be more
expensive and you need to get the roof I
know how here that network we don't
actually expect them to be weeding right
now seriously
he said speak for yourself but it's
giving the kids something to do because
there's not one little thing for them to
do inside it's so hot out here it's
muggy it's hot well and Cody came to me
and said I'm Ford oh oh oh yeah yeah you
don't get to say that my board means I
got idle hands means you need to start
working um we're frustrated we're
flustered good news is I did find a
table today yeah yeah we like yeah I got
on amis tables calm Amish tables Amish
um well I meant to say Amish in my mind
of it because it's spelled with an A so
it's the a mesh and me this is our very
first load going down this is going to
be our new floor of the basement whoo
he's got a hard move the ladder
there we go oh my word I can feel that
on the ground the cement truck is too
big to go in the backyard so it's
loading up the track the little whatever
this is so it has to go and take several
loads that's kind of tedious but what do
you kids think the fun to watch them you
wanna get harnessed it's really cool and
you can go in the front yard and watch
them you just can't go on the cement you
gotta stay on the grass oh please you
wants to that what do you think oh okay
well I'm hoping this cement washes off
of this because some men just got flown
all over our door with that long your
head I was like yeah wash it off you
would wash it off I think it's hot if he
was a difficult it wouldn't understand
hmm if you're a real hooker Oh get he is
a real Hulk are you a real okay somebody
cook cook cook you're a judge you judge
says water chill three
why do they do that
how'd I get it in she kind of wish you
were out there
I know the tractors at work but
you made for Cody's oh the cake I made
yes yeah we will not have this sight for
too much longer these great looki
cannoli you can see he's already
starting to make it smooth
that was like we people like big tractor
little tractors on that gummy candy
rocky the next time
it's okay box kami rock I don't think
these guys know that lane concrete is a
spectator sport
but I like my view to little Boston
way--do
watching tractors and guys work and mom
being amazed so stinking cute this is
the second Oh as we say five pound bag
it's only two pound bag only a two pound
bag we've gone through two of these in
what how many days like this week in the
last seven days we've gone through this
huh I think I'm the best that's so good
okay scoot back you're scaring me looks
pretty good they were pretty fast at it
and then he has to climb himself out of
that hole which is pretty awesome oh he
is literally well the team effort to get
that floor level and smooth that's
pretty amazing
yeah yeah please dog I know but it makes
me nervous I have to hold you I can't
let you just go out there that is
amazing you know below your feet it's
okay
try to ignore it okay you just watch the
ball watch the law we are at Cody's last
baseball game
swing through it like a pro but like a
pro Wow here you go Cody good swagger
whoo
run around run nice job Cody what are
you gonna do when he hits it you run a
second okay okay ready Quan - go go - go
go go go go we've got Cody Clark on
second base ready to steal for third
he's very preoccupied but what's going
on in the outfield nothing absolutely
nothing
silence Ron Ron Ron Ron Ron Ron Ron can
you slide can you slide oh good enough
close enough
hope he's he's giving the signal he's
safe that's good that's the signal for
he's hot
are you ready ready ready go go go go
right home run home run the line right
then - get in line that's good this
right here is the epitome of little kid
t-ball little kid out in the field like
fish butt up in the air that way is that
a flower for mommy thank you so much I
love that Boston you want me to keep
that ki will ya
you want me to keep it at home you guys
have them fun it's pretty hot out here
isn't it we are at least one the shade
this time we've got a little overcast
and these huge trees right here it is so
yep it's muggy sweaty hot feel bad for
the concrete
no man Lincoln go I'll tell you what
I'll let him go if he wants to but I
think he just wants to stay here mama
okay that's what I thought
mama he says Dada cuz I know that is a
huge treat I can eat you want to eat
that all gone Cody do you feel like a
new man or a big man now that you're
done with t-ball good job your season is
over it is the end of season they're
like amazing amazing treat oh so tired
so tired
see the slack in the chain oh my kids
are playing the jukebox and we are
ending our night with ice cream all the
kids got bubble gum and you don't get
any we're gonna end our night finishing
your ice cream cone thank you guys for
watching and update you on our paint
situation tomorrow see you guys
