all right Boston you ready yeah okay I'm
going to ask you some questions and I
want you to talk loud enough so that I
can hear you okay what is your favorite
color I think that my life is like work
it's like a live screen of light is blue
knits together Mexico like is bluish for
you
oh it's that's camera here goal goal
good choice well okay look at me look at
mama I'm not gonna let you hold it if
you can't do it do you like doing
YouTube videos
yes yeah thank you
if you could be one princess who would
it be me okay if you could be a Disney
Princess who would it be
oh now get it Elsa Elsa I guess if you
could be any superhero
who would you be Batman Batman who else
do you like I don't mean spider-man what
about Iron Man hey you like Iron Man not
you spider-man you would be spider-man
yeah do you like spider-man yeah or do
you like Batman
like spider-man what is your favorite
thing to do with your family my favorite
thing to do is celebrate birthdays like
when it's my birthday I'd like to
celebrate remember there was my family
oh I like to celebrate their birthdays
with my family too to do yeah my
favorite thing is to do it with my
family is like um trying to places and
buying stuff what do you want to do this
summer if you could do one thing this
summer what would be the funnest thing
you could do go to Disneyland you want
to go to Disneyland
okay uncle bouncy house my birthday and
a fair
oh the fair yeah that sounds like a
really fun thing to do who is your
favorite person in the whole world
any Angie really yeah me who else do you
love if you could pick one favorite
person to hang out with would it be
daddy it's pretty awesome code daddy who
is scarier to get in trouble by mom or
dad dad and you yeah what kind of
surprises me okay when you have a scary
I okay what do you want to be when you
grow up well since I like babies a lot I
want to be a nurse cause it's all
adorable well you know what I think
you'd be really good at that
mmm you would changing their diapers
what do you want to be when you grow up
stop firefighter all make ass
oh just a week um daddy you want to be a
daddy when you're a daddy where do you
want to work when you're older
what do you want - what do you want to
do as a job by some n oh nice okay what
is your favorite food
a salad that has oranges these round
things whether that is that salad called
the frogeye salad yeah I see need a
peppy salad yeah grandma makes my
favorite food is mac and cheese you like
macaroni into see ya what is your
favorite animal apples because I have an
owl necklace Evan I will pin and write
also favorite is kangaroo so I have a
kangaroo stuffed animal Oh could be
whatever kind of animal you want sure
you like sharks why do you like sharks
oh cool they're cool what is the
scariest animal out there oh it's one
sea animal in its crab you think crowds
are kind of scary
oh please
Pierce bees piggy but what is the
scariest animal there's a monkey that we
have this is the same one it's a really
girls you like it who is the nicest kid
in our family
I am encoding
now Boston is serval really beautiful of
you okay Lincoln who is the naughtiest
kid in our family
Boston well I just said it
Boston mm-hmm why is he not e what does
he do that snotty usually hits Cody all
the time he makes me yell at Boston
whenever he hits Cody he makes me like
mad whenever he takes my toys and
sometimes he breaks my sometimes
thinking color pictures and then when I
have to go to mom I think this one then
guess I I got a mom and then guess what
happens what Boston colors on my picture
okay great
this is not going to be able to happen
okay Cody if you could have one
superpower what would it be
do you notice superpower is Oh Sarah
like you can let her or I can like do
any visible powers or I can be invisible
so no one can find me and I won't put
any way with your words like I said I
like Elsa so I want to happen
Elsa power no no go for power to make
clear it's like like what power I bought
it's not like freeze power think of like
freeze things like I knew like I could
turn myself into a human and not Elsa so
then I could turn into whatever I want
even
Jungle Girl okay this is your last
question what is one thing that you like
about mom and one thing you like about
dad daddy is spider-man when you wait
when Fossum cakes now so nice and has an
accent and my first thing about dad is
like when it takes me to places and like
buy stuff that I can buy mm-hmm you kind
of like to spend money don't ya hahaha
oh I got money I am like golden egg up
there and you're golden egg you've got
money so much money I like about mommies
whenever she said I like to layer baby I
like when she runs my back and I like
that she's pretty all the time even when
she has great year
show me your Boston face okay
