so you guys watched a vlog this morning
when we went to lagoon you want to go to
lagoon when we when we were there do you
know what we talked about we talked
about taking you kids - okay - yeah did
it make you sad that we didn't take you
you know what we're gonna take you I
don't know I think soon now
I think we should take you kids till ago
but do you think you would be too scared
oh one of those chocolates okay do you
think you'll be too scared to go to
lagoon what you want me to hold your
hand if we go to look in right now you
want a chocolate right now what there
are big kid rides and there's little kid
rides what cancer story yes so when I I
think ours for years old
did you thinking closes like I think
cutting with the baby and leave it on
that little choo-choo train
and we saw some animals I think yes I
think and you licked it and then got
hand foot now and then you got hand foot
in mouth and then you got the chicken
pox cuz it's a Segway sickness they have
what they have like a little pole I'm
scared that boat yes and they have
trucks like cars that you can drive the
boat and they have bumper car
do you want cheese well what I don't
give another one they might have a
yellow one
hey or do you want the big one for Hulk
oh good I love it all
okay okay last time I went there I saw a
green one
okay maybe there's a green one but no
stridor look there is a ladybug and it
grows the ladybug takes you ah
let's go him and then you kind of bounce
like that and I said I said look you go
up and then they drop you down ago so
that mmm-hmm but not too fast it doesn't
go to go too fast I don't think the Hulk
will go too fast but see if you're gonna
cry I can't take you if um let's just
say no I am kind of scared of it this is
my ten he goes up - I know
did you watch our video this morning of
us going to lagoon and what did you
think your life's clean yes and your
juggle Jared well I'm just a little
worried you might wind the whole time
maybe Buster will you whine if you are
the bumper cars I'm gonna do you think
your line no you think he'll be a big
boy all the way guess maybe I should
help him Marilyn I think you because he
has to people could be on it honey
caught me just let me talk maybe maybe
if they let in me then I can help my
little brother like Boston I'm gonna
help them like trying it cuz she might
be too little bitter baby yes the
teacups that go in a circle
nothing once you run in it with grandpa
nice twisted it with him hmm yeah and
I'm gonna go on my own one okay mostly I
think it's pretty hard not yesterday is
exactly what I needed I was the best
stress reliever
I can't Boston out here did you do you
see belt who did you see belt you did
you're being silly out here you're
upside down do you know how happy I am
to see you happy those are your new
flip-flops were you so excited when I
surprised you with those yes you are so
funny I've been giving Boston his
medication and it makes me so sad I hate
giving kids medication just because like
their bodies are so pure and so fine and
I know you guys are probably like you
feed that boy sugar 24/7 and that's
terrible for him I don't know I know
that you are upside down but the
medication that I'm giving him is a
super strong antibiotic and I'm supposed
to give it to him four times a day four
times a day how am I supposed to
remember that
anyway I kind of feel bad making them
take it but you do what you got to do
we're going to Grandma's we are going to
Grandma's daddy's grandma we're at my
parents house today because bonnie is so
sweet he knows that my mom needed a perm
for a long time so bonnie found a
hairdresser she knows down here and
heard my mom and we're gonna go get your
mom's hair from today get her did you
get her her did yeah and the kids are
just playing on the scooters at
Grandma's house
oh yeah Shadid rollercoaster sounds
wonderful breezy I wish we had this down
balcony when I was a little kid I want
to see smile cuz I want to see his
little teeth bigger smile no you look
great you look great how your hair is so
cute it was a gamble
I knew bringing my mother-in-law and
choosey they're gonna love it or hate it
and I walked in i saw her face and she's
smiling really bad so she's very excited
I am excited it's a good day it's a good
day the salon Olivia that looks so good
yes copy it
whoops you were copying diplomate oh
that picture right there so you got a
river and elephant and a flamingo water
colorful it like the sugar in the jungle
in the jungle yes and like there's a
waterfall nice cuz rocks that make it so
let it go
so that's Cody's boat and I'm you're
trying to Daddy drew that choo-choo
train just for mr. Wade Oh huh I can see
that uncle Beau's nicer than me they're
like come play I'm like nope I'm gonna
sit look at Olivia's done for me did she
clean that space off for you though how
are you oh that's okay
uh going Emily we're coming up here to
login and so we thought well let's all
get together and go to the splash pad
and every time we come to the splash pad
my kids never play in the splash pad
they just want to play over at the park
so that's what we're doing just hanging
out of the park today okay good okay
good job Austin so we're sitting here at
the splash pad and this woman comes over
and she says I know there's boys it just
so happens to be what our hiding was
related I was like oh yeah right I
really are yes but he wants to be
related this is my dad's cousin and her
mom is my aunt Phyllis and we love aunt
Phyllis we love at Phyllis yes and this
is my sister's daughter Abby yes this
you don't have a cousin named Abby
anyway it's really fun running it to the
people we know this is fun and she knows
all of our names which is really cool
you're welcome here we'll take a picture
we spent a lot of time out in the Sun
over the splash pad today and I am hot
and exhausted
the kids are like down for naps having
quiet time so to close the block today I
wanted to show you a few other things
that we've done in the place we finished
putting all of the trim around the door
our grid wall is all the way on and Kulp
Jill's gotten all the caulking done
something that's really cute I so this
wall will all be white it'll just be a
white grid wall this I'm going to have a
huge mirror to go right here
and then all the trim is up through the
rest of the place to sew floorboards
floorboards and it's all cooked all the
doors are trimmed and caulked
so we should be ready to paint here like
come Monday Tuesday that's pretty
exciting and then you can see I've got
my furniture so this is that's how big
my couch is actually it's a little
bigger than that but I'm laying out
furniture to see how I'm going to like
it anyway these are the two chairs they
don't look big when it's on camera they
don't look that big in person I'm
worried that they're too big I don't
think they're going to be though I am
pretty positive I'm going to go with
this color swatch Wow I don't know
that's just so pretty I have a rug
coming and whichever one looks best with
the rug is the one I'll go with because
they both look really good with the wall
color so anyway that is the house update
the room looks the same out there I
think I can't remember what you guys
have seen last so the walls are up and
they're going to come put the floor I
think Monday or Tuesday and then the cap
the middle of the week so slowly but
surely it's coming a lot so that's the
house update you guys have a really good
we can we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
guys
