good morning you guys it is not morning
for me so we are on our way to go on a
very special double date with the one
and only right there this hot guy we're
going on who are we going with are going
on a date to lagoon
you've never been I've never been I'm so
excited to go I can't wait it's like
it's like the amusement park in Utah oh
yeah oh yeah look good it was huge for
us so when me and Ellie were younger my
dad his work always I think at first I
used to pay for it and then they gave us
discounted tickets but we went once a
year a lot when I was younger I remember
I couldn't go cuz I was too young and so
my mom bought me Lincoln Logs and I
stayed home and played with Lincoln Logs
and then one time on the drive home my
dad let me drive you put me in his lap
and I steered home and I remember I
stared into that could never hang out
today
no never huh but I remember I steered
into the curb like he let you drive well
I think like when we got close to the
house he let me get up in his lap and
let me steer yeah Ellie just said I did
that all the time did you get closed
toed shoes yeah she's getting oh those
are cute as you say your shoes totally
not key oh yeah I'm Jay guys you're not
you I just think it's funny like
personality people's shoes and you know
what Ellie and I have been doing a ton
those were pants these were parent I
know those are cute
and we've been cutting all of our pants
into shorts you girls are crazy never
cut my pants I paid $40 for those things
so this mentor Irvine oh yeah I've cut
all of my pants and our ride awaits our
ride awaits our knight in shining armor
boo boo
these are the best gummy bears are from
Lees the world's best those ones they
send me in my Christmas package me
almonds are world best oh really
Oh fun it says world fact that means
it's literally there congratulations
you've done it world's best normal
coffee gotta stay hydrated health um on
a tiny bit of a serious note hold on
seatbelt first serious daddy
the comments from yesterday's video
yesterday was very like a roller coaster
is very up-and-down for me like I said
and I was so thankful for the comments I
laid in bed this morning and was reading
through a handful of the comments and my
heart was very full I was just very
grateful I'm sure you guys have so many
years like that today yeah I went
through father's day comments yesterday
I just couldn't help again mostly the
community we have here so awesome it is
it is you guys do a lot for us and we
appreciate it so
and Boston is doing good one surgery one
surgery is going to be just fine he's
like like I can do that yeah I still
feel a little bit better
oh yeah of course I mean I'll take it if
that's what we have all taken yeah we'll
just rent a ton of little movies for him
the other kids out party in the basement
of that yeah honestly you should send
them into surgery with the spoke longer
gloves it'll be just fine
we're gonna have to do surgery on the
hold put a little marker before he goes
in like Jack I love when kids get
attached to toward I love her got
attached to well what I think is kind of
funny sad is that he is so attached to
everything of Cody's he takes and claims
it as his own and it's kind of sad Cody
doesn't even care this traffic is insane
nothing on our way whoo-hoo we never
have traffic in this Canyon
and there was what happened the semis
drunk with those guys dropping off of it
look oh you're lucky my cameras on the
guy was standing up out of his car huh
Sam's filled yeah one of the big
trucks filled all of its gravel on the
road now that tunneling a semi-truck I
guess semi-truck am i getting your face
now but I shall have so much here right
here viewfinders up it's like you have a
hard time knowing right oh okay don't
worry the boys are over there making a
drug deal
Jill's taking drem amine cuz he's such a
boo-boo oh you took your medicines Iike
right arrives ha ha ha we came today
with my friend kami we hung out
yesterday so kami had her first kiss
here at lagoon her romantic is that I
can't even remember though and I when I
came here when I was like oh like maybe
12 or something I met a boy and we went
around ride to ride and I remember
feeling very uncomfortable because you
had to like put your legs around each
other when you went on certain ride and
I felt so uncomfortable anyway that was
kind of funny it does the only time I
met a boy here if we were friends before
we are now we're at a 3 seater she feels
like a puppy dog
get out of my face is going to split off
it is beating a little bit cool this is
so romantic Joel
No
Mogo
this lady is like meditating as she's
like getting ready to go up in the air
this is my favorite ride when we would
come we would just get in flying in line
in Lyon in lighting we would write it so
many times he watched this okay this is
a rocker thing for oh she's like dying
okay so this takes you all the way to
the top and once it gets all the way to
the top it drops you down
she's good good Joel hates this ride but
he comes on it because I love it yeah I
know we are always in the Sun Ellie and
Jared are always in the shade
I made a machine oh sheesh oh my gosh oh
my gosh oh my gosh II don't know this is
not like I not even like I am NOT in
holyoke ion that this trade off I'm not
huh that is awful
that is absolutely off because I could
not handle I was just like there's too
many curse words I couldn't even I
couldn't even now I'm okay so bad so bad
oh that's so bad but so bad like my
eyeball felt like oh my hand is shaking
oh my gosh on this side this is the
tidal wave and on this ride I remember
- I was loved and dari
I'm sure my dad dated back to the guy oh
you took it from someone else
some stranger you just pickpocketed you
lots of fun stories lagoon and Christmas
so you talk about something mother
lagoon and Christmas case treated
if you look in on the train
do you see those gold pillars right
there absolute true story
Olivia licked them the next day she had
hand foot mail hand foot and mouth it
was the worst sickness
you
laughs like flipping guts out on that
that's a white roller-coaster it's the
coldest most Rick Adeus scariest roller
coaster there is oh my god I do have the
hot springs
I was quite enjoyable right there should
have checked the deep right Oh none of
that footage is good my favorite part of
tonight is the warm summer night the
lights of all the machines
Joel's stance what was everyone's
favorite part like he's not a chair I
just move the last ride the last rider
Hannibal the cannibal oh my Ellie
my other favorite part is how hyper
Ellie has been it makes me feel okay
this is this is another thing I feel
like a kid tonight and that feels good
because sometimes having kids I feel
like an old woman my favorite probably
going to
is my first time my favorite part was Oh
ever does yeah
my favorite part was getting out getting
out with you okay thank you guys for
watching we'll see you next video bye
guys
