you had a girl dream last night about
what you were wearing a tutu yeah did
you dance was a libya dress is that why
you put your whole costume on this
morning yeah cuz you felt a little less
masculine and mom was in it too maybe
you were like alfalfa and Spanky and had
to like sneak into the ballet and that's
why you were wearing them rooms freezing
but did you close that vent again he
closes his vent every night and his room
is freezing when I come in here
were you a turd last night did you not
go to bed till like 11 o'clock I don't
know what's going awful he was
absolutely awful last night we had to
take his chair out this is all coming
out today the only thing that's gonna be
left in here is that I decided to have
your hair done so everybody can see your
stitches stitches like yeah it's cool
it's cool
I'm a cool kid with stitches
hey get your coat on Lincoln let's get
your coat on come on
you wanna wet put your hand in look
right here
Lincoln oh my gosh k put your hand in
we're getting ready to go do passport
pictures and they asked Lincoln this
morning Ike when I was fixing his hair I
said tink we're gonna look back at your
passport picture and think what the heck
are we thinking with your long hair
probably but I don't care no we're not
going skating we're gonna go get
passport pictures okay let's go let's go
we got to go get the kids out of school
to do it yeah you might miss quiet time
today no I'll fix it when we get to the
car let's go for you when we get to the
car I will but I want you in the car
let's go yeah I'm not like thrilled
about taking the kids out oh yeah Thank
You Joel's on top of all the paperwork
he has all the paperwork I wasn't even
thinking Thank You Joel can I check Cody
and Olivia out of class yeah Cody's
getting checked out of school the best
sure is
story of my life you guys crankiest
crankiest little cowboy that ever lived
10:44 everybody out oh you just shut the
door on boston guess not to get on down
dad's side I have all the paperwork that
we need and they are very strict with
time like I swear they wouldn't give us
our appointment if we walk in every time
I'm sorry do you guys remember when Sean
I came you got our passports that blog
was hilarious I mean I do at 10:45 okay
thank you
do you know what I don't think that you
smile
when you take a picture you have to do
like this just a straight face why
because bad people have smiles like we
had to have passports in case
yeah he's such a tear don't let this
space for you would you like him crying
I think a million times please get him
out of there perfected the art of rag
doll for someone that doesn't like
Nintendo it's kind of weird having that
show up hmm Lincoln do you see what life
has come to with your no oh you know
what there might be a binky in there
yeah we'll see if we can find one but
I'm gonna move this first we got to move
every single thing out of this room so
hopefully you'll know I just kind of
baby mine that's like it's just nice
little corner well let's see if we can
find what did you see when you did find
one you can untangle it are you gonna
take a nap what do you think of that
Lincoln everything out there because you
won't go to bed in here climb in your
bed so hopefully he's ready to take a
good nap because he didn't sleep all
night
oh my gosh are you guys surprised the
disappointed okay where did you hide
your scar yeah yeah gets his head on
three lives there's a new law in
California if a waitress serves you a
straw
without you requesting one she can find
hey how come you guys always request to
come to chick Chuck around the hunt you
don't know you just love it
Cody Clark holy we got some talking to
do some very serious talking to do do
you have homework to do do you homework
to do yeah I'm sorry you better get it
done because guess what I got this Super
Nintendo well go get your homework let's
get it done now and I will hook this up
for us this is the original NES Nintendo
this is the Super Nintendo but however
you want well not quite but I'll show
you the Super Mario Brothers on this one
and your minds gonna be blown cody's
reading homework done alright Lincoln's
a little pouty because he's not playing
a paddle Cody's happy cuz he finished
off all of his homework and we got
something fun to do play with Boston's
gonna be sitting on rowdy
I am doing my throne here you can still
cry well I feel a little sheepish cuz
I'm pretty sure that is the Super
Nintendo style but I'm not seeing any
the Super Nintendo games and that's the
reason that good thing I bought it we're
really cheap well Cody's gonna show us
his magnificent Nintendo skills on the
exact same games that we've already had
that came on the same piece of machinery
a little ridiculous we're gonna say
goodbye here and wallow in our pity on
our own so if you liked the video give
it a thumbs up if you're new to the
channel subscribe and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
say bye Cody bye say bye Boston there
has been a return that's good Nintendo
skills right there
