in order to the god pays in order to get
myself and all the kids whether you like
you to go to the doctors I have to pin
everybody in here otherwise he gets into
construction stuff out there and I would
much rather can get into toilet paper
and toothbrushes and hope and stuff like
that you can see how the dust is kind of
creeping it out right here but what oh
yes and yeah that's like yeah well it's
Cody's toothbrush where to go yes there
we go
this is Cody's hope toothbrush and
Boston just found that out and that I
mean here thing keeping yeah hug goodbye
yeah next day I get my own toothbrush on
yeah okay I do and I really like you you
wanna hold one yes I could God is
wonderful God get this yep that's right
I got the camera out this morning
because I wanted Cody said something to
me about what your freckles yes
Morgan last order ones and family
matches the ponies freckles yeah I think
what he was trying to tell me because he
was like so I can have freckles and they
don't have to be oh just toothbrush to
my butt with a wet brush um he was
telling me that Morgan has red freckles
huh Oh orange ones and you have brown
ones
yeah we was sooo bad thing was grant has
green ones baby granny has green ones
yeah
grandma has green ones yeah interesting
first end me Hulk first and then you
yeah how come you want to push the
elevator button yes I don't complete the
but is he what he's been telling me that
the Hulk is sick
tell him sick Kate and focus it can you
and Hulk is sick well you're not sick I
was just sick we've just got to get
something checked out okay
Oh broke sir ma'am I thought there's
something in your throat that's right
some of your honorable flow and
something's in Hawke's wrote oh my
goodness note you got a lock I can't
hold your hand while I hold the camera
when I turn the camera off I'll hold
your hand okay you can run
Cody run with them you'd rather hold my
hand than run uh-huh
all right I'll do it I guess Boston and
the Hulk we'll just have to run okay
he'll personal not here and you can push
someone outside yep that's perfect
good job how do you know what to push I
push number two right perfect
Rochelle yep sneaker good morning good
morning
so what we're here at the doctor for is
I was I was good morning so I was going
like this to Boston the other day
haven't looked at me and I could feel
okay I want you look over the sky
yes that's retreat down so look up at
the sky right here in his throat you can
feel his what is it your trachea I don't
know so you can see his throat right
here who's that tickle and you can see
this you can see that kind of moving in
his throat put your hand down yes this
right here there is this lump it feels
you can see it it's kind of big and it
feels like his the inside of his throat
like it's like firm and it almost feels
like like it waits of course maybe it's
a corn that means we're right here right
here
I think there's corn in your ear yeah
okay um okay I'll look in your ear let
me see hmm I don't see anything in there
you guys like when I pull things out of
your ears don't you there's nothing in
there yet very muscles those your
muscles okay the doctor came in so I had
to kind of cut that clip um I'm not even
kidding you when I tell you what I
thought that this little one for this
drug was I thought it's either going to
be a cyst but it's probably too hard to
be a cyst which that's what he said
and then I thought um I've heard a
little like bone growth and I thought
maybe it was something like that and and
he said he's like this is not to freak
you out he's like this is not to scare
you but you've got lymph nodes coming
down the sides of your throat and then
you've got some like close to that area
and Boston's had a sore throat and so
those are all they're a little bit
enlarged and it just takes time for them
to go back down to size well he said
that one down right in the center and he
said the when and when they have cancer
in them that that's what they feel like
they'd feel really hard like that
we crying because that's like a
terrifying thought it's probably not
that but he wants an ear nose and throat
doctor to look at him which I debated I
was like should I take him to a straight
treat your nose and throat doctor or
just a regular pediatrician I should
have gone with what I was thinking but
that's okay
so we're gonna go to an ear nose and
throat doctor and have them make sure
that that's not a cancerous thing geez
that's kind of like intimidating to like
say but but that's what I thought I
thought I was like it what if that's
like cancer I don't think it is I don't
think it is but we'll see oh yeah he's
so cute but if anyone would be strong
enough to handle anything like that it
would be my Boston and the Hulk and
anything that the doctor did they had to
do they had to do to the hole first and
then he would let them do it to him so
we wait him we measured him we've looked
in there okay a little bit of change of
plan I am not feeling a little nervous
obviously about that and so my plan was
to go home and make an appointment with
the doctor and I called my mom and you
know kind of updated her and she's like
um go back up there go to the ear nose
and throat office because it's just
right by the pediatricians one and don't
leave until they see him so and I only
laugh because I'm feeling like awkward
and it's like you don't want to make too
big a deal out of things if it's not a
big deal yet but also you don't want to
take things lightly when they're talking
about your little three-year-old having
possibly a little cancer thing so so I'm
going to go back up and see what they
can do for me they're a really good
office so sweet okay that's the same
doctor that took my tonsils out he is in
surgery today but he said that he was
willing they called him at a surgical
place and told him are such
and he said that he was willing to come
in and look at Boston at 4 o'clock so
we're going to go and enjoy our day and
we're going to come back and see the
doctor that forth so I thought that was
really really nice of him to come in on
his surgery day and not his doctor
appointment day maple bacon sundae that
is Cody can see Tyson through the window
his friend yep there he comes
he's knocking on the window oh he
doesn't see him oh come over this way
come here take this face he's so sad oh
he came back oh he sees him oh there he
is there he is always smiling so big
Sadie I'm so sad that Olivia's life here
so sad hi sweetheart
can I see your eyes oh yeah look how
pretty these many kids his eyes are ah
I'm sitting here telling kami how pretty
her kids are I love looking at him Tyson
let me see a huge smile let me see that
cute smile oh he doesn't even want to
put her teeny she is just making phone
calls holding her baby that's what I
look like I'm always on my phone holding
the baby in one arm and on my computer
so we decided to come over to the wiggle
worm we were kind of planning on going
hiking but it's
Nihon outside and since the wiggle worm
is closing they were seriously closing I
told Ellie when she moved to Logan I'm
like if you ever find a place that you
like in Logan I'm like just plan on it
closing because everything closes in
Logan anyway so my friend camp me and I
have been friends for many many years
yes I yeah well our kids are seven and
we knew each other like eight or nine
years nine like you've known each other
about nine years so we worked in the
cosmos so together she has been in
videos before of mine she is um the one
that took some of my maternity pictures
anyway an each time I have a kid huh
like we kind of had kids together
well now babies look like she got out of
the blue see that she left before she
had a baby my baby monitors I know it is
nice that we have kids each other's ages
so they can play together and see each
other
I hope my bastards okay I'm a little
like I'm thinking he's going to be fine
but I am just a little sensitive to him
today for sure
he said well I guess like his mom
stopped anyway but I've been extra
kissing Boston today
and you wipe them off where's your
motorcycle
we're get it run
Wow okay so he reassured me he's like um
I do not believe that there is cancer
there so what if you told me he wrote it
down for me it is a it's either adduct
which he does not think it is but he
thinks it's the thyroglossal duct
noticed so he said it's actually he said
pretty What did he say
it's a classic like the class he's like
this is very classic symptom for this so
we are on our way down to get an
ultrasound here man let me see your
stickers where you got them
woohoo where'd you get the other one
woohoo good job yeah they're gone yes
okay don't push the button push that one
yep no yes there we go Oh Jenna hi guys
here let's do this good job good thing
you brought him a little blanket cuz he
was saying how cold he was really mm-hmm
you doing so good bye babe so dr. Keiser
city it's either a is adenoid are those
adenoids or lymph nodes lymph nodes yeah
so it's either a swollen lymph node or
it's a little cyst
my emotions have been all over the board
today the specialist put my nerves very
much at ease he does not believe that
Boston has um any cancer he doesn't
believe he's fairly confident that what
we're looking at is a cyst and he is
going to do surgery Boston will need
surgery he has to have it removed and we
will proceed with that when the time
comes here in a few weeks I'm going to
go back into the doctor my heart
definitely aches for those that are
dealing with cancer in their family with
themselves siblings relatives and
there's a lot of pain and suffering that
goes on in the world and especially in
little kids that just kind of tears at
my heartstrings especially in little
kids I do believe in a Heavenly Father
and I know that he watches out for each
one of his children and no matter what
we're dealt with in life
that we have that higher power to give
us strength to make it through whatever
circumstances were in I feel very
relieved with what I'm dealing with with
Boston no matter what we face in life we
can choose how we make it through our
trials so I am very thankful that I have
all of you to share my story with um I
thought about you as I've gone through
this process I've thought of how I'm
going to you know if he did have cancer
how I would approach it and you guys
would be right there along with me if
that was something that I that we would
be going through I'm glad that we're not
and for those that are my heart aches
for you thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you guys in our
next video bye guys
