I have a real life Rapunzel living with
me
you're okay Olivia and I are look sorry
we saw a girl at where Summerfest and I
came home and her hair has been like
this ever since it probably will be for
the next week yeah I love it
what how I hate it when I showed you the
picture of the back you were like oh my
gosh I love it
and then Hoke said oh my gosh I love it
Josh Omar ducky that we got yeah so too
at the same time yeah I think we just
need to turn it yeah that's what I've
been doing with it
once I tried it out way in then then I
am there I see that will be better okay
let's try this duck me out
yes dance when you're up here it's
really loud downstairs is that your
stinking let me get it from the front so
like you see I don't know why but I
think it was the funniest thing these
little bits are you kidding me I found
these on Amazon and I searched inserts
and searched for the cheapest lens and
this one came was like 20 or the
cheapest mount that I could find and
they're good I love it
I'll put a link up lime in the
description they're amazing
look at the other bibs and these came
with they are literally my favorite and
the fabric is so stinking soft where's
the other cutest one as you like that
one a lot
that one's kind of funny but anyway I
thought those are really really cute oh
it's Pete there you go you may brush
folks teeth oh he needs a spit hey les
what Matt he's wet you're going to clean
them up okay sounds like a plan little
man what I'm doing this morning is
behind-the-scenes stuff so oh I don't
even know if I should show you this okay
my room is such a disaster this I swear
this is like business area like oh I'm
doing bills I've got a lot of like you
know like the monthly like utility gas
like all that kind of stuff I need to
like sit down and do it because normally
it's like I have a table segundo so I've
kind of forgot about it this month um
possibly last month I need to like sit
down and like take care of like adult
stuff any I got a few swatches in the
mail um for a chair I'm going to be
putting two chairs upstairs and I'm
really loving these these two are kind
of my favorite and I'll show you
you this is the color sea salt on the
wall and I asked them to makes me of a
swatch that was 30% lighter because this
just seems a little dark for me I don't
I like the lighter one because I my
kitchen is gonna be all really white and
this just seems a little happier to me I
want it very light so here's the two
swatches oops here are the two swatches
up next to it I kind of like the darker
one but I also like the kind of what is
that tweet or something like that anyway
um I look decisions I need to think
about it what are you gonna get me again
you know there's no Hulk
what is it okay having Captain America
yeah yeah does it taste good was it
taste like go-gurt
what kind of go-gurt what kind of
berries scary strawberries oh good
want to show me what you drew downstairs
come show me let's go
what you don't want to leave that okay
here you eat that then we'll go
downstairs hey you're fast
show me the mess you've made
hmm what is that
Oh who's that guy Oh Hulk Wow did you
color that for me that's very good Oh is
there more Hulk you said you can hear me
as good as Captain America yeah who else
is on there who else is on there
ask him to America let's Captain America
where's the Hulk okay color the Hulk
show me make that Holt green cool
you want me to color them for you yeah
okay I'll color for you you hold the
camera
you hold it huh don't push the buttons
okay show us let's color
oh that's color colors hand
hmm air yeah I Captain America yeah he's
gonna be blue who's that
that looks like Tinker Bell on steroids
or something hey don't be mellow - and
he's gonna be blue okay
okay you're a good color I can climb new
color and blue but this is yellow this
is yellow
okay hey you can use these markers these
ones work better we're here doing a
level in Jeff's yard and oh I forgot his
hair I'll get his hair okay good color
has another hand yeah well his hands are
blue his hands are green okay we got the
Hulk he's all the way green now and his
face his face is green now oh we gotta
get his hair black or something okay is
he gonna make his hair blue color him
your colors don't work no more we're
kind of dying so we're here leveling
Jeff's yard out getting ready for sod
and stuff and the guy who came to do the
leveling work with his tractor and
whatnot he recognized me from like 6
years ago when I used to landscape oh
yeah
wash that off I don't know if that'll
wash off but we'll try anyway he
recognized me and it was kind of fun
catching up with an old friend and he
did say before he recognized me he goes
I thought you might have done this
before living it's like you can always
tell when you get to a job in somebody's
lost season to work this the washer well
this only washes off this not not this
that doesn't wash off that okay the
tractor guys waiting for me I'm gonna go
talk to him okay
no stay down here life okay you keep
coloring you kept color Captain America
blue well the whole color Captain
America blue for everybody blue that's
fine it just lets you just color bud how
cute is he
little chubby feet big ears a big spiky
hair look familiar on this piece of mail
it says I'm not tired of the house
updates blogs good
I picked up this little card for my
sister fortunately her birthday I think
is my favorite place and all the world
is next to you know something that we
all like about Julie's birthday is it's
June 25th that's half way to Christmas
so we're halfway to Christmas you guys
come say hi getting a little lightheaded
there you go Boston you got two balloons
hi Cody Clark what do you got balloons
when my brother Jeff and Tiffany lived
in Maryland every birthday it was they
would send the kids a car in a couple of
balloons best birthday present ever if
you ever thinking of something some just
a flat balloon and let them blow it up
when they had their birthday it's the
best thing ever
Oh Cody don't you take your blue
balloons hey skinny Benny look at that
diaper but hey quit playing with the
crafts hey thank you what's that efore
for Bonnie
let's go pee wee herman does sweet
pepper doesn't like that
what's your hand oh okay grab it pinch
it
put your right there big picture right
here okay squeeze hard yep let you get
it hey Pee wee Herman you're doing it
it's talking whenever we come over to
Jeff and Tiffany's olivia goes finds the
neighbour girls and plays or play all
the crafts stuff with Tiffany
Cody's gone with Zachary here the whole
time they're just gone
Lincoln just naps in place but Boston
always finds his buddy and that is
Tiffany Boston wait oh yeah who you
coloring with he coloring with who is
that is Tiffany kind of your buddy
yeah
and that's Captain America Tiffany's
your buddy and that's Captain America
and the Hulk and that's the bow and
arrow guy yeah that's the bow and arrow
guy the bow and arrow guy you're
teaching him how to rollerblade and
rollerskate all these little kids
playing the perfect they're the perfect
size they fit you real good one let's
see let's see I want to look at them who
they're cool-looking blue and yellow
yeah they look pretty handy yeah are you
having fun over Zachary's what's your
favorite thing about coming here doing
this what I mean doing this skating but
yogi forget the Hang got the helmet
guess what what the skewers like five
great hockey scooters okay and wait and
americo and sweet joy Wow look what they
put there so play on let's put your
helmet on whoa okay house yeah I'll walk
you over to that house hey keep going I
got your hand I got you move your feet
whoo your feet keep moving them yeah hey
you're getting the hang of it you're
getting the hang of it they look like
Bambi hey hold your feet still hold you
hold your feet like this Cody hold your
feet yeah okay call them by each other
keep them strong mm-hmm train wheels and
almost there how far you want to go but
oh my god
take it why you want to go into that
garage there's this stretchy thing and
I'm gonna get on it so I can't clap it's
like dude oh okay okay hold your feet
you get your coordination from your
mother
I think bud out
you're stopping or yeah that's what the
black things are for
you're rollerblading Cody sort of kind
of come on
bikes and scooters are like rollerblades
yes they are I'm very hot right now this
is a lot of work did i rollerblade
heck yeah Eddie was a good roller blader
that's how I delivered all my papers
okay well Julie thanks for facetiming it
was a good conversation it was me too I
wish you did okay I'll talk to you later
bye Julie face time to me right in them
towards the end of me getting on my
bills paid and I swear it was like car
registration all the hospital bills for
my tonsils from Bob Austin had to and go
under some anesthesia for some dental
work and there's a lot of stuff that
wasn't covered so I seriously was like I
cannot believe what is going out the
door this in like one day I'm like oh
today's an expensive day but it does
feel good to have it done and when Julie
called me I was like yeah I need a
little break from what I'm doing I'm
like and she's like oh it looks so
peaceful sitting in your room with no
kids like yes and in the meantime her
kids were like going psycho in the
background and I don't know we got
talking about like the stresses of life
and how I don't know it's like I've
known Julie for so long she's my sister
and it's like we just made the
connection of how both of us we have a
temper and we get just a little bit
anxious like just a little wound up and
uptight about certain things and I don't
know we're talking about the outlets
like everyone has different ways of
relieving stress in their life and I
it's definitely important I think you
will reach a breaking point a breakdown
if you don't find that balance or I
don't know way too
leave stress stress in your life be
patient and understanding those around
you because I think we really don't
always know what goes on with everybody
in their lives so it's always best to be
kind and be patient and understanding
okay we got to eat our dinner and then
one get some ice cream and we are going
to eat dinner and say goodbye to you
guys
bye guys say bye everybody what say it
again you guys are good
