you guys know this scene in home alone
where the parents like jump a peg and
they're running around the house trying
to get everything ready before they go
to the airport that was totally me this
morning so the contractors are looking
at me so this morning we heard this loud
truck pull up and it was the concrete
guys and you don't want I jumped out of
bed I'm gonna scoot back so they can't
see me
they're ready they're gonna pour the
concrete today I'm pretty positive
they're here that doesn't really
necessarily mean anything and they're
getting a whole from outside of our
foundation into the house so that we can
get into the room pretty
the whole that he's cutting outside is
gonna be right here in the laundry room
you guys recognize this place you've
been here many times but all that saw
and concrete work has a lot of water and
this is my little River my little dam
that I built that's just going down to
our drain it'll be good
but he said leave the sheetrock on cuz
it'll it'll take up or it'll make the
water fall down rather than just like
spray all the way into the room so we
are just waiting in and coming it's
looking good
there she goes taking Lincoln for a nap
at our neighbors house the house has got
way too much going on and our neighbors
are so good to us and they're letting
Lincoln just come take a little nap over
there so alright here are my floors I
didn't have the camera when they were
buffing it into the floor Joel had the
camera and I was like oh I wish so bad I
couldn't go get one so we are backed out
of our house I cannot go in for another
like four hours so we'll just wait it
out I'm not sure exactly what the plan
is
when the guy was mixing the color I
seriously by the time he had like the
tenth stain down on the floor I just
looked at him like I don't know what to
tell you like I don't know what to tell
you he got up walked out to this his
truck brought in some purple poured a
little bit in laid a swatch down I'm
like done deal that's what I want crazy
I did not realize that purple would
change the whole look of this floor so I
can't wait cannot wait I like the light
and dark I love it there's nothing he
can do to like these lighter boards
that's just what it's going to do you
can't stain them darker it's just what
it is and I love it I can't wait till it
has like a semi-gloss on it because I
think it'll bring out the colors a lot
but I love I'm in love so walking into
our backyard it's a little overwhelming
I don't even see it oh I was sitting
here looking for the door opening so he
cut a door right there and it's all the
way cut through so we just have to knock
out the concrete so that's what Joel is
gonna do now can you believe our garage
Joel so much stuff could be worse
could be worse
they just don't want dirt in the floors
oh my gosh are you happy what do you
think Dustin everyone's feet saw did you
call me mama dog be careful cuz you
can't touch that electricity it will get
you zapped me okay you got my arm like
oh you're kind of your fingering me hold
on
yep you know it might be easiest to like
lean on here over here ah success I want
to feel them from the outside first
waves gotta step back over here without
touching anything and it's a war zone
okay and ready yes
teaching moment class oh it does oh oh
you had to cut it oh it goes in those
holes right there I see I see don't
please don't break your face off your
teeth were very expensive Wow this is
insane so our new door it looks small it
looks like a small door hmm I don't know
well that's the new door to our room
mommy and fish you went some goldfish
yeah okay give me some right now
yes I will sit down yes right now yes
last night this boy would not he would
not go to sleep last night if we paint
it if we took the paint off his face
so he slept in it and I remember Olivia
sleeping in hers last year two years ago
and she she had it on her face I think
for two or three days there's still some
there show the shoulder near your gun
surprise today are brought to you by
Idaho
yeah okay put all your messing here
that truck it's amazing and you may not
notice I'm obsessed with flatbed farm
style trucks I love him like a flatbed
that thing is ready to work if there was
ever a time in my life where I could
like see what I look like as a little
boy that was it right there
I'm sure of it just watching the workers
watching the machinery being obsessed of
everything
what you got a peanut
so I'm here at the paint store picking
out some colors and I just have to say
I've got the best neighbors so I've got
next door to me is grandpa and I've got
bought Lincoln taking his second nap
over there he went in went straight down
for his nap and they were like oh take
your time if he wakes up we'll get him
you just do your thing and so I have the
other three kids over at Granny's house
on the other side of me and they're
playing in the water having popsicles
having bubbles and I'm like let me take
Boston with me you know he's kind of the
harder one of the three and she's like
oh no you just do your thing I can see
you've got your hands full and I was
just like I'm so excited I just I don't
know I just I was saying earlier people
are just so good I mean I know there's a
lot of bad out there clearly but like I
just I'm so grateful for the good people
that I have in my life surrounding me I
picked out the color okay if you want to
see the colors and the kind of things
that I'm going to be putting in my house
I'll put a link to my Pinterest page
down below and you can kind of see what
I've done and it's funny a lot of the
stuff that I did my bedroom when I
remodeled my bedroom you can see all the
stuff in my room from my Pinterest page
anyway
they look really bald people took my
hair out and then I put a lower
my head psychobot anyway at the end of
the night when we put the kids to bed
Joe and I laid on our bed and just saw
there with our eyes closed for like 25
minutes no sleep okay
we were so tired like we've been running
yeah I think I think last night running
around in the fair just wore us out I
know the Sun is killer after we get a
quick bite to eat we're gonna head over
to La ingeras and say hi to them for a
little bit we got a little baby sort of
putting kids so we're gonna end the vlog
here so thank you guys so much for
watching give that video a thumbs up if
you enjoy these videos and we'll see you
guys later
hi guys
