you kids have been so good this morning
this morning
oh he's clapping today is going to be a
very busy day the guys are coming to
sand and stain the floor and we have
summer class we have everyone's a teeth
brushed
we have everyone's hair done and now
everyone has sunblock on the window
imagined so I had no idea this is how
they do it
this is putty and they just build
everything just like this when my mom
score she did not have them feel the
knot but mine aren't big enough to
really make a difference by your great
award
yeah that's crazy we have the hardwood
guys here we have the excavators or
excavators concrete okay
the concrete guys are here and they are
getting ready to pour the footings in
our big hole the hole is finally all the
way dug and there is a slight change of
plan with the flooring so the dad owns
the company he's been doing this for
years and years and he's training his
sons to take over his business and they
do a really good job the boys are really
good but the dad didn't show up today
and he's the one that I've been working
with about customizing the color and
that's like what I've been most excited
for is to have him mix and match and
like figure out just what I want and he
didn't show up and it was the sons that
were going to do it and of course I had
a little freakout moment kind of cried
call him and he was like I'll be there
in the morning he's like we'll do it in
the morning I'm like thank you so he's
gonna be here in the morning the hole is
all the way dug and they're just getting
ready to pour the what they might pour
I'm not gonna get my hopes up for that
but we'll see oh jeez I want them to see
your TVs look at those teeth oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah dee dee dee dee dee
dee dee dee dee Oh cannot push buttons
cuz I won't know how to fix it okay oh
well you can see him while he's mad he's
gonna be laughing yes can you say hi
hey hi wave hi he was waving earlier
well that's kind of kind of good job yes
oh good yeah
floors are petted and sanded and buffed
and now we're just kind of going over
maybe some samples that we're gonna be
going with I hope that the camera shows
how red this one is like I kept telling
these guys oh I don't want to do rat or
two orange but like I really like the
red so that one but you're doing right
now is that the brown one or is not the
mix it's mixed it's mixed rosewood and
Prudential I haven't like that hey kid
is what is on your shorts find a Beatles
and ant
oh thank yes yes oh yes okay hop on out
big guy hey ready to hop out yeah okay
hop out let's go
and my little princess we have been
working all day and we are all ready for
Summerfest the kids are ready we played
hard Joe and I have worked hard and now
we are ready to go yes get face paints
we're gonna go to face names it was a
tattoo yeah on her arm
this is my favorite kind of stuff like
people just bring these like handmade
what is this like blown glass one glass
they're beautiful I've been won these
hummingbirds honey Murphy
I've been one-on-one for our little tree
up fronds oh my gosh what's your
favorite bird humming honey they're my
favorite too
look at the face of so pretty look he's
my real so that you can put your hot
food on it when you get out of the oven
but then one move it's a serving basket
Olivia look at these hummingbirds oh my
like this is it glass but it's not on
yeah it's like I love that he's making a
small enough yeah does that ladies make
him go up on this side huh
I started filming this guy he's glowing
uh what do you how do you even say that
Matt what lamp working he's blowing the
glass I don't know if that's what you
say but anyway he would he was teasing
me he said hey it's $75 to take pictures
and the wife said something about yeah
you'll be on YouTube or something and
they want our videos hi you sweet girl
what's your name Whitney I'm sorry your
brother woke you up I saw him he was
shaking you I just have a question I
need to turn over my own okay take two
normal when you upload a video if you
have really crappy internet that is one
thing it usually takes me what 20
riddles I wonder I know with your
brother Oh Jared Jared - huh top me and
Bonnie were in school with you oh that's
crazy
so are these hot going in there that's
how it'll take a minute so these are
swans they're hot when he put some in
and I think that was suck sup the water
and these are the those are the finished
one wasn't do you know what I think that
I think Whitney wants to give you one
so Drupal if you get a sharin alike and
maybe of someone
Whitney can we get a share or a like or
a thumbs up
I wish
you love purple don'tcha yeah that was
so sad when she was it riding her bike
in that that really oh yes does it like
come out nope
the water stays in there look those are
I'm gonna show a good picture well
Whitney that is awful kind of you and
your dad to give Olivia one are you so
you can choose whatever color you want
she's letting you choose what one color
you can if you got their crazy
I knew Facebook me what oh my bucket
watch this I can do stitch hi I'm stuck
he tosses on Mickey animals I can do
Elmo
let me hear it we're gonna do Cookie
Monster's do you want to get your face
painted do you know what they have they
have a Hulk show me to show you get it
in here and I'll show you that kind of
looks like the Hulk you want that
yeah Cody do you remember last year when
you got the shark on your mouth that's
when you got last year I can't find
Olivia's it may have been something I
know it had a princess crown are you
changing your mind Boston do you want
one no okay okay you're 41 and Olivia's
getting 42 that's easy let's go get in
line
Cody you're doing so good like I did I'm
focusing oh he's so excited I love his
little smirk oh my goodness Olivia it is
gonna be so pretty when she's done
did you see those eyes
oh you look amazing you're talking soft
I love his little dangly body Joel I'm
like jealous that you're holding him I
won't be able to see him you want to
paint your face hold us down at night
you want to do your face - Jared 91 in
two years - well if I just don't yes or
no do you want angry I feel so free when
you like that baby why you look so mad a
man
Boston changed his mind at the very very
last minute yeah you just had to warm up
to a didn't you big guy I loved their
little body is just sitting there like
what's going through his head right now
you know
Boston say Hulk no he's too nervous he
say home slash he's possessing it it
doesn't know what to be rusty your face
look up here in this right there can you
see it can you like we got all of you
guys my name is normally yes yours is
the hole and yours is just anger
no okay you think you're the Hulk so you
can punch
he's like punching I love it so much
dude I wish I could record is like
everyone walking towards us seeing his
face like everyone just laugh at his
face and I remember last year they did
the same this week oh no not too bad I
mean he's the slobbers making the
mustache come off a little but he's
doing good
my favorite part about this whole thing
is this right here fair food fair food
like waffle love for the kids barbecue
what is that Dutch oven and what I
always get Navajo taco yep yeah
a baby rocks much something and painting
is that your favorite part
yeah you look like you're having fun mr.
the Hoke say I tell Joel all the time
this boy was put on this earth to love
me weren't you code
he loves his mommy I love you too
he's been hugging and kissing me and I
have been loving it
finger case angry face angry face angry
face is she making that especially for
you code I love how excited they get
look we got you a yellow one again watch
oh my goodness take a taste of it take a
taste let me see you do it
magic taste yeah what well very hand
side here inside
pretty good crust judge break up brownie
bites look at this race controller
Jolene this crispy brick wowza her
little body she's just growing up
oh I think this is so fun you need to go
to the fair with them okay those are my
kind of people they are fairing it up
the fair dresses faces those this is our
absolute favorite shop to come to what's
it called Joel what are the aedra the
wooden giraffe and I know they have a
website these guys are my favorite oh I
want every single piece look at that
they're so fun they're just perfect for
little kitties oh I just I seriously
want every single piece that they have
he's mad about something
yeah whatever it is he's not scowling
he's just it has been a huge awesome
wonderful day we ran into so many
viewers at Summerfest
and it was so nice to meet everybody it
was so fun I don't think Joel I don't
think we've ever met as many viewers in
one place than we did tonight by viewers
me friends yes besides CVX live but that
was pretty fun pretty fun okay Joel's
gonna get hey kids to bed I am gonna
edit the vlog thank you guys so much for
watching give this video a thumbs up if
you love the kids face paint and we'll
see you guys in our next video bye guys
