good morning everybody we are out
getting breakfast because there's
nowhere to sit there's no patio there's
no kitchen there's no anywhere to really
function right now at home we should
make a set me out like we don't need
like like
we can't make anyway things so we're
forced to go to neater x' huh what blue
bird you want to eat at the Bluebird
yeah where it's so tragic how much we're
forced to go eating all these yummy
places it's difficult it's difficult
eating good food every day but I will
tell you this this little guy right here
he's having a hard time not being able
to be on the ground and just running I
let him run all morning with me
downstairs but if I even remotely go
towards the suburban he starts freaking
out he knows we got to be in the
suburban a lot or in the cars and just
out and about and he just isn't fed up
with it he's had it I can cross yeah the
Bluebird has breakfast link'll Antony's
mom and dad oh they went to the
that's where that's where grandma
Griffis likes to stop is at the Bluebird
Boston woke up a little bit
ordinary honoree if you don't know so we
got him all dressed and warm it was kind
of cold this morning and now now it's
like blazing hot Sun is out
sun's out guns out that's the way we do
it you know that sun's out guns out
that means you show off those sleeves
sun's out guns out that's right that's
right Cody Boston you show me flex those
muscles ah how about you chubbs how
about you how big guys can you do it
sums up Booker's out I am feeling
totally spoiled this morning the last
few days have been very stressful for me
which is why we did a manly things video
yesterday instead of a vlog because I
just couldn't film I was in the worst
mood I just there's so many things going
on and the mess just really got to me
and I just almost could not almost
couldn't function obviously it's not
that bad but like I was my stress level
was just very high and I went to bed
feeling upset last night and then I had
all sorts of bad dreams about me and Joe
like we were fighting in my dreams
and I woke up so ticked off with Joel he
was just like I did not do anything you
cannot be mad at me for your dreams so
human and got me Jon bitches he got the
kids out of the house a while who this
is my phone call
hold on hey you looked all cleaned up
like 20 minutes ago what happened I was
taking Boston downstairs to go down for
a nap convinced him that it was a good
idea to take a baby nap and I moved the
curtain because everything is taped off
because we've been sanding tons in here
mm-hmm and I moved the little curtain
and all like a Hugh
cloud just just felt right how have I
gone in and out of that cloth curtains
like three days straight and not once
that met Joe
well how about you come outside for a
minute
I'll go put him down and I'll blow you
off with the air compressor you get a
change this daiquiri that's okay
okay so flashback to what I was trying
to say earlier in my bedroom I was Buber
stressed out
today Joel took the kids brought me
breakfast
allowed me to get ready this morning and
gave me time to have a conference call
that I was on so I had a big call this
morning which is why I hurried and turn
the camera off because I didn't want to
miss the phone call and after hour the
business call I felt much better and a
few of my stresses went away
so then anyway they're all very good
good stresses to have I am not
complaining that doesn't mean things are
not stressful he he just wants to get
down
look what drink it down No
yes I don't know what you're saying
can I see everybody I don't know I don't
know he's full he doesn't want to play
he's not quite ready for a nap yet maybe
you're ready for a nap
so Moses just left and we're about to
have lunch and I wish so bad that we had
some footage of Moses but movie people
call him Muay but I am I don't know how
comfortable he would have been on camera
and I don't know I you kinda have to be
respectful of people when you're filming
like not everybody wants her face on
YouTube Lincoln don't you dare go attack
my camera stand don't you attack my
camera stand what can we give him to
munch on oh my god hey oh yeah
whoo you're taking bites it's all
squeezing out so turn your sandwich
around and eat what's coming out the
butt huh all this mail on this
you said everything that comes on the
sandwich I thought you put mayo on extra
remember when I said don't put me no
mayo did you forget oh that's all home
you're the one that has to look at my
hip so don't lyin I like look at our
cute little tree it's grown so much
since we planted it I was thinking about
that this morning while I was running
mm-hmm I was just like look at
everybody's landscape but I was thinking
about our little bit of tree and it was
teeny when we bought my trunk was
there's like that big and there was like
only like three or four little branches
and now he's huge dad I love it again
get ginormous well what's crazy is when
we first started vlogging Olivia was so
little like she has look so grown up now
I don't like it I love I like baby
Olivia
we just vacuumed up so much dust so much
dust we did the doors all the corners
mostly around the edges in the like
outlet holes just everywhere everywhere
and guess what Lincoln is still asleep
that is amazing
you know else is amazing Boston Boston
is still asleep when we first got
married a lot of times Joe would get
upset with me when I he would propose
something and I would say ah let me ask
my dad let me see how my dad would do it
do you remember oh yeah Jay would make
Joel upset and I remember talking to my
parents about and they said oh yeah that
happened with us too and my mom
you know when my mom and dad first got
married oh let me ask my brothers oh oh
my brother's they won't do it that way
or all my brothers would do it this way
and my mom and dad were so right that's
how it is in the beginning of your
marriage and now that we've been married
for a while it's like the one and only
person that I trust is Joel and it's
like this might sound really stupid but
the people that take the doors on and
off my hinges I don't care who's doing
it they don't do as good of a job as you
do Joel this thing's so nicely I don't
know if it's because he's scared oh yeah
oh yeah oh yeah yeah it it's worth the
strain and sacrifice of a finger and arm
then then dealing with the monster you
don't want the boss to come in um but
the people's and people took our door
off in our room like beautiful bedroom
they put the door back on and they
buggered up my trim didn't yes I'll show
you it's funny because I mean I care
because it's my house but I care more
because I installed that's why I can't
enemy
that's what
because Joel built it taped it off
painted it sandesh putting it sanded it
and pay for it all of the above it's
like people come in my house I'm
learning I'm learning to be more forward
and more bold because you don't want it
when people come and be like watch
yourself watch FC but when people come
to my house now I'm gonna watch yourself
I've gotten used to watching myself so
now I just watch watch yourself whoa oh
hi Boston Wade oh you oh he's he's not
saying hi to me he's saying push me hi
Lincoln this is your first swing
look at a kick-ass thing he's so excited
Joel this is so cute it's his first
swing
maybe not high looking and kick his feet
oh oh yeah Lincoln yes sir Wow you know
that's called horsey yeah cuz you're
kind of riding it like a horse
you think if tummy's churning well this
is the first time I've seen him smile
since he woke up from his nap so yeah
what's up let's keep let's keep him in
the swing a it's asleep here tonight
well we just got done with Cody's t-ball
game he gets super good he was so cute
as always can you hear Lincoln laughing
okay not all of you no more pushing just
pretend I don't want him to go too high
he's laughing hey thank you guys so much
for watching make sure to give the video
a thumbs up if you enjoyed today and the
remodel and all of that jazz if you're
not subscribed go ahead and subscribe
and we'll see you in our next video bye
guys I had a really nice time
