good morning Lincoln yeah
give me your naked boy okay I zipped up
the bottom you zip up the rest because
he likes to do that don't chew and you
like me to do the top part can you do
the top part yet
yeah not yet huh when you get bigger Hey
okay I want you to tell me what you told
me this morning what did you do with
Boston what happened let's just crying
it so I got a jelly bean as icicle I
went is his room and I was like Boston
Oh God pure ice and I'll give you this
jelly bean it was like purple and then
he wiped his eyes well the first time he
didn't listen but then that's second
time he listened mm-hmm and then and
then he waiked eyes then I said breathe
in and everything and I don't know cuz
that helps you calm down huh yeah I
didn't know if I did then you're two
times where I'll just like to but and
then he's like he's still cry do those
up I'll give you another donut if you
stop crying and did you listen
uh-huh good you did what she told you -
can you stop crying
and you guys have jelly beans down here
I love how when Cody watches TV he
builds himself like this little baby
fort and he swatches TV in his little
for it I love that so guess what this is
so sad - oh but I know there's something
crazy yeah they are so cozy smart so I
just came outside a minute oh my gosh
responds things that I think artists oh
try shoes hurt oh I see if you ever do
bare feet on rocks but
okay now somebody here got hurt so Oh
get on those rocks they are hurt already
so I don't want to get too close to that
black widow that is a butterfly but like
what it was like to be in dark so you
can't I see the bottom but there was a
black widow and it just killed a
butterfly is that so sad
I've always loved butterflies
butterflies have been what I've been
trying to come every colored so I might
try to color one and I'll show you what
it looks like when I color one if I can
come out so it's so sad when butterflies
got killed butterflies and kitties and
all those cute thing yes all that is
really cute is so cool so this morning I
had to get the kids out of the house
because the peeps um people were there
doing some work and they said you should
probably get the kids out of here which
was my plan anyway just it was a little
sooner than I had planned so we are
going to take the kids over to a really
special Park and they have a little
water area there and so we're just gonna
pick out a few water toys yes thank you
for helping me getting out of the house
this morning felt very stressful to me
um the house is in just flippin chaos I
know you guys already know but I'm
telling you anyway because it's my
stress and that's what I'm living so
I don't know why I think it is so sweet
when they sit on the floor and look at
all the trees and think that it's so
cool I don't think it's cute when they
whine and cry especially when you tell
them no for all these things but for a
second it's cute yes those are fun yes
okay I love that look
don't open it nice nice she scares me
look I'm gonna give you a popsicle
you have to eat your sandwich and then
look I got a cookie for us okay yep if
you eat your sandwich all the way gone
you can have a cookie I have a pulp
drink for Boston
oh you can't you gotta eat your sandwich
and an Elsa drink for Olivia maybe and I
Captain America drink for Cody on water
for mommy and a food pouch for the baby
oh yeah boss and Oh yep don't take
anything your sandwich don't want to eat
the whole whole thing you know I I will
eat anything
yep you're a good little eater Archer
I'm gonna be all these unions are so
yummy fair yeah makes it does he like
that sandwich good I'm so glad oh my
gosh asked us to go no dolly
Oh is she okay peanut I think she's okay
oh did she get scratched maybe it'll
come off when we give her a bath
we'll see might pick us over okay
thank you she okay yeah yes do you know
what it is yes that's exactly what it is
it's a peacock maybe we'll find it maybe
we'll be able and there are lots of
horses this is our first time eating a
song oh my word my sandwich oh my
goodness baby hands er no no no Olivia
has her baby in her swimsuit and this is
the first time she's going to the pool
well shoo the horses are all over there
so maybe we'll feed them on our way back
let's walk over the splash pad becoming
you too
yep I brought your ball walk over by
code I want to see your cute buns
together oh wow are you gonna be nervous
this time are we gonna play in the water
she will play in the water okay I'll
come with ya come on he's so timid he's
the most timid of all my babies
Cody's the next olivia is not we'll see
what this guy does
I was not timid growing up when I was
little I don't think I was a very shy
Joel said he was very very shy so that's
kind of where Boston gets it from these
are social this is exactly what I was
looking for work it plugs himself school
sees himself
well that feels very yeah sure do it no
my legs are shaky thanks get rid of all
frogs jump on baby
Sammy Oh up one fellow wanker walk out
lane looks pretty fun no don't you dare
spray mama or this trip is over I don't
know what you're doing but okay hey I
want to know what your guys's favorite
part about today has been is this your
favorite part is this your favorite part
what was your favorite part today Boston
it's not even over so you can't come
your favorite part my favorite part has
been one was eating the cookies from the
Cheesecake cookies from Subway
that was a really good part but my real
favorite part has been watching you guys
play in the creek this is a lot of dust
walking into this house
oh boy so he has so he had to sand the
ceiling after he put a skim coat of
putty over the top he for some reason
and all the paint in here like you could
ah you can see she knows oh yeah there
was bubbles everywhere he had to sand
all the putty down put a layer of like
primer and then once that's dry he's
going to come back put another skim coat
and then texture so yeah it's been a lot
of work this in here was good for some
there must has just been bad paint
they didn't paint something yep so oh my
gosh Joel I love it oh this is our new
French sliders what it's called it's a
French slider it looks so good it's
indoor but look what I had to do I had
to cut two inches out for what the
outside dimensions that we measured were
different than the inside dimensions so
after we left the park and it was nap
time but they were still doing lots of
work here so I drove around for over an
hour
while everyone slept Boston slept Cody
slap Lincoln slab I wanted to sleep and
Olivia just played in the car we son to
Peter Pan Oh watch the ball but oh these
boys are going to get hit
Cody's playing first base in the
Siouxsie of the ball he started running
the bases hey you're doing a good job
but are you ready
is your heart beating fast yeah how come
pretty nervous okay you're gonna get the
balls okay you get them all I'll be back
here you like the baseball do you like
the baseball
okay okay code when they throw to you
you throw over hand over hand yep just
like that okay Cody get it throw it
overhand throw it back throw it back
yeah
good throw koni koni gotta go to get it
get it get it go get it okay throw it
good job
well you seem much happier today yeah
yeah it's not so hot and what did you
get a drink and a sucker so later 800 I
went to grab Olivia cause she of course
she made a whole bunch of new friends
and she's sad cuz it's time to go and
the girls said are they gonna come next
time and I said yeah I'll bring her next
time we have a game and I said not look
for all the blonde haired pretty girls
with blue eyes do they all had piercing
blue eyes and they looked at each other
and they were like what
lies and they were like so I've got blue
eyes I've got blue eyes well we are on
our way home we've had a very eventful
day I cannot wait to get the kids put in
bed I'm gonna go to Ellie's and watch
The Bachelor oh I think you have a
booger or no that's just stuff thought I
was bigger wonder the Belle shirt is
covered in vitamin wait will away
I saw you slide that in there I'm going
to Ellie we're gonna lick the back sir
but when was this plan
oh she was on a family okay thank you
guys so much for always watching give a
video a thumbs up if you liked it and
we'll see you or Nayak's video remember
to subscribe
