Cody you see that train yeah good do you
see the Train
I see the city train that's right good
morning you guys we made it to Salt Lake
City I thought the kids and I both
needed to get out of the house away from
all the dangerous holes and broken up
concrete anyways
so I've got Cody and Lincoln it's really
loud down here I've got Cody and Lincoln
with me I dropped Olivia and Boston off
at Joel's mom she was nice enough to
take the kids and here you are he's just
waking up yes oh yeah pick up all the
stuff you've been playing with on the
drive down here all I could think was I
am so grateful that my dad taught me how
to drive I feel like so many people
don't know how to drive and it's like
they're either too aggressive or they're
too timid and both of those things are
gonna get you in there in a wreck so I
like to be right in the middle I'm
aggressive I'm not too aggressive and
I'm not timid oh I got a little angry
seriously I hope I don't have Bo I
should probably tell you why we are here
in Salt Lake City we're going to meet my
friend Maura here for lunch I actually
had plans before yesterday and we had to
cancel our plans on her because of the
concrete guy he kept messing with all my
plans
yes even though I'm trying to get him
out one-handed not very smart anyway so
we're gonna meet her today which
actually has worked out really good for
me I hope it's not too
I was bending over I'm sure my butt
crack was sticking out I was getting
Lincoln in his stroller and these girls
jumped out of a car to came to come and
say how he'd run tell him your name
looks fun and I actually met these girls
with CVX live they were stood in my line
and said hi Ben so it's nice to meet you
guys again oh and happy birthday yeah
Cody I feel like we're on a little date
together you've been able to hold on
like doors or not yep hold on let me
think uh that one yep
good job thank you yeah so hello I'm a
little nervous a little nervous company
if you just want to get out of her off
any more okay my armpits were not
sweating and faeo by now they're
definitely now we just went bra shopping
successful bra shopping I might add go
ahead Cody and the lady what did she
just say um I live get kid she said that
you and Lincoln were so good and I said
no I think I'm proud of them too
every time I come to City Creek I think
I say this
or maybe I have a Joel used to work for
a steel company called duck rips and
they are the ones that built these there
but what Joel used to call whale bones
that he this is a retractable ceiling
and when Jill worked there he was over
the paint quality so they manufactured
this deal that goes across the top and
then Joel was over painting it and I
remember seeing this color so many times
anyway and it was kind of a huge job it
was probably the biggest job I think
that they had up to that point anyway it
was pretty fun and Joel is very proud of
that retractable ceiling he built those
and he strapped each one of those onto
trucks and ship tonight here so it's
pretty cool I think about that every
time we come I got a rope because we're
like hurrying there we're kind of late
yes you know what when we go down there
look look over the edge there is this
little creek city creek and that runs
all the way down and there's fishies and
we're going to look at it mark me yeah
yep voting is being good so I gave him
some quarters and I said if you find a
she then you can use a quarters Oh
so I told I tell Cody that he can have
some quarters if he found one of those
like candy machine and he was like can I
please get one for Jackson and that's
his friend Jackson now all he wants to
do is play so I met Laura at CVX live
and it was funny she hit how old was he
when you came I left that two months ago
was that it I swear it was so much
longer and a half men make you open em
we got bunny and I love Mario hey you're
getting your food you lay here and get
your food you boys are being so good it
is cold what'd you guys get for lunch
well yes the bread you've got these guys
spaghetti do you like spaghetti I am
proud of you guys for being good
seriously there being so good keep
dancing I want to see you dance I'll
give you another quarter do you want a
huge buy the Cheesecake do you want huge
my cheesecake I want to see you dance we
bribed him we told him you keep dancing
and being cute will give you a good
another quarter you are daring Cody
I hope you get it right in the pan get
in there
job
you
oh so funny
you're being daring KUB
okay should we quit while you're ahead
nope apparently not
baby's ready to go look at him he's like
I had too much at lunch that's exactly
how I feel
we made it we are home that was actually
normally that's usually a long old drive
but it was so enjoyable he's trained for
a handful of the time is that Oh she'll
ever have it came I want to see what
grandma got everybody wrong key like bro
no where's the future oh oh I see it
right there
okay I got did you guys go to the store
with Grandma yeah oh my gosh there's
also grandma got these for you too Meg
bracelet a come out you know why I read
you oh so you learn every single thing
off oh the kids when I went and picked
the kids up they were so happy just
happy playing oh great one that's there
is ah that one is not as good do you
like gold it's my girl
I like what is this a high ankle member
heiko member yeah well um what else
we've got my get everything
goldfish some bubbles on the Sun I want
to come see the progress of excellently
your arms are so dark
cuz I'm too lazy to tan my legs way in
the tanning booth makes me only my
little matter down there Joel this makes
me nervous
I had to want rewire all the sprinkler
wires you did
oh really but I can't run half the
sprinklers in Europe or pool ah oh my
like I have butterflies right now yeah
we got to make sure this door stays lock
like my eyes have a hard time adjusting
all the way down to the bottom I'm
nerve-racking
yeah that is crazy
paper cuts are the worst I'm sorry I
story I always get paper cut to school
yes good job oz did let me see
do make do more Oh put it in the thing
dip it in there I can't bend my fingers
I love summer night this is so awesome
you're gonna watch um I thought we were
going to stay up and watch a movie but
I'm not going to let us do that tonight
Oh cuz I asked you kids to be good in
the car in your crazies but I was being
a good child did he get good
I tried to sort my thing are you I'm
definitely feeling like it was time to
get the kids in bed
oh it's bedtime I'm like okay how about
how about you put the kids to bed and I
will go get us well it's gonna give this
Oh
have you had dinner I can't help you I
went to a place today up here and it was
really good but I'm a little nervous
about it
oh it's it tell me but it's so good la
tormenta in your tummy
I wish I would have went to la tormenta
I went to mo bettah
and it was really good it was so good
it's like Polynesian food really so
yummy like Mac Mac salad and teriyaki
steak and chicken when I got just little
Bowl but hmm it's making la tormenta in
my tummy okay so seriously do you think
you should put a kiss of it I feel just
like I will do that you don't have to
how about we tag team it well both for
the kids to bed and then we'll flip a
coin to see who goes and gets ice hotel
days here okay have a good night guys
bye bye guys
he spit it out when I
schools and last
something going on
