I just heard some sort of like a big
beeping noise and I thought my
contractor was here came to the front
door my front door is open and if you
walk around the back of my house you
will see a little Boston Wade thinking
he can just drive this stinking tractor
what is he thinking he honked the horn
on the tractor did you crawl up there
all by yourself I heard a little honk
did you honk the horn you did hey oh did
that scare you come here come here
you can't be up here without Daddy okay
come here come here at that one then you
could play the bed you want to push the
button
jump ha gotcha
it is go time the guy is here he is
really good at what he does which is why
it has been worth the wait for me anyway
I'm very excited that he's here and I
hope things go good this is like
nerve-racking you guys know me I have
like I'm very nervous I get very like Oh
antsy about things
joel is just oh he's like what he's
going to get this gate off Joel built
this gate actually he welded this steel
and put it together actually
do you have someone helping you carry it
oh can I carry it
he just laid Boston down for his nap and
if he hears these tractors he I mean
don't be surprised if he like full lays
up here because you want all max I'm up
in like one chunk I don't
holy cow play on what the concrete I
cannot believe that this is so crazy I
hope this isn't boring footage to you
guys it is so awesome to me this is so
cool
well we're not even going close to the
tractor yes he's not even moving he's
just watching and isn't this cool you
guys Joel came out instead of the canopy
for us
you like the kind of sense yes
jockey mounted at this canopy for us so
we're just going to hang out in the
shade and hopefully this guy doesn't
mind and audience he did just get a
whole chunk but the tractor was punching
the concrete
nice pretty good is this kind of cool
watching a little bit
this is crazy for those of you that
might not know what we're doing we are
taking up the concrete all the way
around our house because it's basically
turning into gravel it's just really old
it's been needing to be replaced so
we're replacing our driveway this side
driveway our patio while he's at it
we're going to have him dig a hole
underneath the patio and put us a
concrete room under there for like take
for it and look like that Lincoln he
just having fun he was playing head
cody's watching I do feel bad that
Boston's not out here because Boston
loves tractors and trucks and all that
kind of stuff but there's plenty more
work to do that he can watch and see you
are swinging so high I can't believe you
learned how to pump your legs code you
didn't feel but Charlie gave you a big
push whoa that's pretty cool so he just
he just got done filling up his trailer
with a bunch of concrete so he's gonna
go empty his trailer and so far this is
what we got that's the old concrete oh
my word you were not kidding so the
concrete that he was ripping out you can
see the fragments over there it's only
that thick new concrete this is what's
in your house now Wow this is the
old-school patio man wow that is very
deep what was the purpose of it being
that deep stuff is built right back in
the day huh Wow oh yeah so here's a
better example so there's the new
concrete yeah the new were concrete and
this is the original concrete you can
see how low it goes it goes all the way
down to there we are taking a midday
bath break aren't we yep Boston has
worn a diaper for three days now and he
has kept his diaper clean and dry for
three days
yep and you didn't wear a diaper when we
went to the baseball game her and today
he had a really dirty accident
we sold yucky and stinky do we poop in
underwear no nope I know I gotta drag
him off I got bubbles on my hands to
hear that
let's check her that's the tractor out
there uh dancin baby he's the boy you're
Snow White and he's the Prince are you
the Prince Olivia you're dancing with
your prince
that's a handsome prince
Oh
are you hiding does she hide in the
movie me I haven't watched it oh let's
see you haven't behind the curtain so
it's good here because you're shy Oh
sometimes you get shy huh hmm
this is so powerful like I can feel I
just grab my feet makes me kind of
nervous actually hope it doesn't hurt
the foundation I'm sure it doesn't if
this is what I mean he does this all the
time so I'm sure it does it but it's a
little crazy
Joline he got in the other tractor and
he hauled off a bunch of old concrete
for him because I I guess the guy was
needing a little help and Joel just
hopped in the other skid steer or
whatever it's called and hauled some
stuff out for him which I thought was
very typical this is kind of killing
Joel Joel wanted to do this job himself
and I just refused to let him do it I'm
like no I'm sorry
a little update on everything so the
walls and everything are looking pretty
good you can see these holes have been
plugged up where the old lights were
that's being plugged up so we only have
the new lighting this wall is getting
all cleaned up just everything
everything's being patched up and this
is where the fun kind of begins at least
in the house anyway and now you walk
this is like makes me nervous how far
down is it four feet here I don't know
so far are you going to catch me I got
you hmm no I just wanted to make sure
your feet landed there oh you have a
huge hair coming up this is so huge did
you pluck it it was kind of loose oh oh
I have so much dirt in my shoes hold on
eek eek eek okay oh I'm trying to shake
it like a Polaroid picture I'm pretty
excited about our new pool okay here's
the hole and it's not near deep enough
it's not near big enough but this was a
closing point they ripped up all of this
and there's a pile we spent most of her
day right under there that was kind of a
joke me making you catch me as I came
down but thinking about it it's probably
gonna look very horrendous on film my
favorite part of like summer evenings is
see how the Sun it's it's even really
bright right now when the Sun goes more
down there's the only thing that's lit
are these trees right here and I love
that feels good out here right now it's
like nice and warm do you like seeing
these tractors in our house in our yard
yeah just collecting them
do for now you would want to should we
show them our crock-pot dinner
have you made a dinner we made pulled
pork and we've got some buns in the
fridge so cross buns so we don't have to
go out yes another thing I pray tonight
I could smell it earlier mm-hmm oh yeah
do you think anyone noticed how town I
am today okay I know I did not go on a
vacation I just use a little fake tan
I don't you are from the waist up yeah
hey white from the whole we don't need
to show anyone my legs okay I show my
legs they're nice and your legs are
getting really tan actually I know I
don't even know how they got so tan I'll
put a little link across the screen to
my tanning video I think that's it for
our evening which we say good night to
everybody tonight everybody good night
everybody had a really nice time
