fuzzums coming just to is even have a
smiling oh yeah mine
okay ready ready
good morning you guys
it is about 4:00 in the afternoon right
now I thought we were going to have a
super eventful day with the concrete
being broke
of course that didn't happen of course
that didn't happen um who knows what
this guy is ever going to show up and I
can't get a hold of any other contractor
for the life of me this guy took a three
hour nap these kids have been playing in
the Sun all day they play them in the
water over it grants they jumped on the
trampoline over grannies oh no we slam
that good news with what all of us thing
they slide off the slip and slide yes um
as I didn't put the finger under the
trap mm-hmm that went to Grant's house
and he has sprinkler used in any
accident how to use the other one
nice today we had yeah we leave the
drill rocket chip water really cuz you
went over there really call a water
rocket oh and what are we about to get
ready to do for you go Mikey
crack today is Cody's first t-ball
practice and game pretty exciting
hexagon vaguely thank you one down yep
you're just gonna stay in your swimsuit
yeah or me you want daddy to hold you
yeah guys you know I forgot the girl
bring him my helmet right come for one
my game my baseball helmet forgot it
trailer you don't have a baseball helmet
no at the store
oh forgot it I bet your coach will have
some yeah thank you okay oh yeah cuz I
get people that are you excited or
nervous Santa are you gonna hit the ball
hard or soft
oh so hard
nice let's see your cute outfit just
like why didn't you just do just do it
just do t-ball well it's pretty typical
Boston's whinin dad's gonna get pretty
mad here in about one second the Cody is
pretty excited for his first t-ball game
I don't know who's more excited me or
Cody hey nice they don't own a little
girl that doesn't she look cute
Kate's gone yes cuz in case his son gets
on him he's like not looking up for me
later
oh there we go he doesn't like it look
at his face loved every other day in
there well it's guy think it's cuz I
laid him in the grass he's like get me
out of this prickly stuff and hey oh hey
there we go there we go Lincoln
Boston you okay now what was the matter
he probably just wanted you to hold him
and you couldn't quite at the time I was
carrying it was going well fuzzy
you okay under there now all right
nope all right I love his body he's just
watching the game Lincoln hey hey he
does not want to look at me I want to
show you his top teeth Oh almost so
close oh he's not having this ditzy lady
okay you kind of saw right in there in
my tour dream yeah okay I'll leave you
alone okay I'll leave you alone I don't
love you go back and walk him again well
she walks so fast with him it's like
he's never choice he's got to move his
legs oh wow Wow right now he's gonna be
walking in no time hmm give me a guy he
just wants to go go go my gosh I didn't
think I was gonna make camera out fast
enough I was like I will pause this dang
game your stop you will wait for me to
be ready Wow look at this hey you're
smiling at me
South Boston other they are we gonna
stay here then I'll play the real game
here yeah they're playing a real game
right now that's what they're doing
right now they practice for like a
second and now they're playing whoo
does it feel good just to stay here all
the surrounding Facebook cuz I love it
what are they called I don't know but I
put out like home countries I'm
surprised how well he's doing just
sitting here she'll not how you but
you're going long
all right we're back there you go got it
on yeah that's fine hey do you strap up
back there you go hey pretty cool okay
doing big smiles
yeah get out there but you stopped that
ball I am just about dying
watching all these little teeny boys run
with their big shorts all those boys out
there are so dang cute it's pretty fun
to just watch this little innocent you
know holy can see that no they all looks
so cute out there now that you're safe
behind a fence oh yeah you're good to
swing Boston I'm good to swing yes I'm
more nervous too
oh yeah you're gonna get whacked him
back down ahead the bat to come up
through one of the holes okay thanks for
walking him over there you're a
sweetheart you're a good sister aren't
ya
a chance they're coming back can be
runnin runnin runnin you gotta use it
bring it around bring it walk around
iconi is up next
look how cute and he's like just a
minute ago he was doing this okay run
okay
he's like I'm aha Cody come here
sweetheart
what's the matter Oh sweetheart you're
just so hot and sweaty your upper lip is
just slanting what look there oh oh -
you can't go line up with everybody
should we go get you a nice cold drink
boiling ice cream store look at her
maybe you did real good yeah you just
got a little hot didn't check yep there
is something in the backyard for you
kids
well it's not for you kids it's mostly
for me and Dad but you're gonna think
it's pretty cool run to the backyard
Boston there's a surprise back there can
you run don't tip it when sorry I'm
leaving yeah
look at that big old tractor oh my gosh
so he finally the guy finally brought
this over while we were gone and
supposedly he's gonna start in the
morning we'll see that's not even a
guarantee
really did he bump our wire oh I
guarantee you bumped it coming in and
just disconnect them in the morning
honey I have to have internet it's my
job well I guess I'll be going over to
Ellie and Jared's every night 1100
justice backed up in the morning till
he's done digging oh I see well I
thought you kids would be a little more
enthusiastic you what you thought it was
a tractor this is one thing I'm more
happier of this than that okay listen
Joel you are not doing that
you cannot do that hi baby boy troll you
probably should not be using someone
else's machine
you guys
oh my okay ma please off please turn
that off
kids are scared great you scared the
children well you guys I think we are
gonna call it a night
it is hot we're going to let the kids
play for a minute you are not turning
that back on what you think you're gonna
run it all night do you he's gonna
you're not gonna know nothing okay Wow
we'll see you guys at their next video
bye guys
