your stitches oh I see okay yes look at
that big ol smile on his face are you
okay buddy bye Brian
Cody I am so glad the Uncle Jared is
taking the best care of you can you give
me a big smile so I can see your teeth
give you hurt his teeth it off oh my
gasps yeah
yeah I'd say that's bad bacon did you
did you waste an entire tube of
toothpaste
you ate the toothpaste I bet you did
this is everywhere and let's see if
it'll show it will even flush I don't
know I think the tube may actually be
down there you can see how much of a
pile of two faces right now whenever
your children that are 2 and under are
quiet for 10 minutes at least you're
about to find the best hit of treasure
in the world a bad kid just a playful
kid
go get your blue pants on you got your
blue pants on we'll get you changed and
ready in a second okay we will we'll be
careful okay all right go get you blue
pants on let's go first pull your hands
on your arm to pull your mouth listen
I'm gonna reach up and I'm gonna put my
hand over your alley
like this and now I want you to help
pull the sweater off that and I will not
let anything touch your alley see you
can leave that one on all three of your
shirts run backwards yeah so same thing
I'm gonna put my hand over your alley
you pull that down over your head so I
pull it down over your head
over no there you go so that's how old
shirts on from now on well you have your
stitches why is it when Kincaid as a
center slick Pony she looks hot Cody I
want you to kind of tell everybody what
happened we're walking in circles here
come here what's the matter you don't
like my hair
talking about um your stitches he looked
like a human yesterday I got a phone
call saying that Cody had cracked his
head open while I was gone and I hadn't
even gone to the airport yet I was going
sledding and I crashed into the deck oh
crap so sad huh did you cry a little bit
my gosh
Bri said you walked in with your arms
folded and said I got stitches Cody I
think we're being spied on well you're
just as happy as ever
nope not one tiny bit I didn't cry
it didn't even hurt you sounded like you
sounded like grandpa Griffis when you
laugh just now I was learning at Brie's
house and then I crashed into the deck
the kids were exceptionally well while
we were gone and we wanted to reward
them and we especially didn't want to
have a normal Saturday I've just sitting
in the house watching movies all day so
we thought we'd come to a theater and
watch movies the cheap theater are you
reading that book awesome we are gonna
see heddington hmm and I think he's
gonna do good
sorry to burst your bubble buddy we are
not watching Ferdinand - or watching
Paddington -
you got little baggies making sure they
have to clean up the theater so you have
to wait for just a minute oh is that the
large it doesn't look very large Aretha
Lincoln look at mama we're gonna go get
you your own little drink no it won't be
hot it'll be water if she doesn't have
her glasses how she's supposed to see
who put her contacts in her are you so
maybe her her older sister culture put
him in
yes what else did you bring in her back
for her you do know that it's against
the rules to bring food and drinks in
your bag right so she's breaking the
rules by bringing snacks yeah totally
against the rules a nice healthy feeling
pretty cool in your booster seats Thank
You Olivia oh my gosh we didn't even pay
for your dog to get in here we're
breaking all sorts of rules
I sent her packing if we need to if she
gets kicked out she'll just have to wait
outside for us Olivia do you need your
pop crane thinking do you promise you're
not gonna cause a scene mmm-hmm you and
those cowboy boots
please that one's for you mr. stitch you
mix ditch face
did you mix stitch forehead it always
blows my mind when people sleep during
movies how long did I sleep we've got
everything we need for tacos chicken
wine cilantro lettuce guacamole got
cheese a home sour cream salsa okay let
me see it just MIT I know we're gonna go
home and we're gonna play with the balls
at home yes
sure did you bump it with the ball no it
looks just fine here okay all right each
kid is going to grab a bag or two so we
can all bring these in together okay
Olivia oh my gosh you have your doll and
everything in the other hand you gotta
grab both handles or it's gonna go for
Brian okay come back outside after you
bring that in Lincoln you take this one
and let's not here take that inside here
you can carry three you can give you
three yeah okay I'll give you the bread
inside Lincoln take him inside you get
the chicken boys need two hands one hand
through both handles hold on so bad so
bad I was like a genuine scared out of
my mind scream Bonnie so nobody took the
stuff to the kitchen you thought it
would just be nice just to get the front
door for us to all step on huh that's
weird
all right I want everyone to listen very
closely I'm going to put the groceries
away and I'm going to make cream of meat
for dinner because that is what Cody
asked for if you will take the kids
downstairs and pick up the basement and
get their jammies on - is that possible
okay right mm-hmm
bye bring the groceries in to me
bring the cereal to mama it's almost
Olivia on the piano
I got Cody putting away shoes I'm doing
dishes
daddy's putting Lincoln cement and
boxing is downstairs brushing his teeth
this is the most typical night you could
ever imagine this is what we do almost
every night but we've just been gone you
were just kind of playing catch up and
you so I just what we can to get the
kids in bed so hopefully we can have a
resonable night for church tomorrow
Thank You Cody where's your camera are
you guys okay we can only see one tiny
corner of your eye oh there we go
there you go that's good encouragement I
like that maybe the Nintendo is bringing
the boys closer because they're
advocating for one another I think
they're just sick of each other losing
right now I am trying to find all of the
cheat codes for Super Mario Brothers 3
so that we can get to the end of the
game as quickly as possible and just be
totally done that'll be done then I'll
never pick up a Nintendo paddle again
Yeah right hey I don't mind it's been
kind of fun watching yours I think it's
fun to kind of just work on this
together I feel like this is a little
project with the kids and I've enjoyed
it so that's what we're doing
how many times did your brothers or
siblings make you infuriated with
holding the pause button oh thank you so
mad oh that made me so mad I'm that
happy no we're gonna close the blog if
you liked the video give it a thumbs up
and if you're new to the channel
subscribe bye guys
