Oh
oh you're distracting him he thinks it's
funny though yes is that Hodes it's sad
that it almost fits his head here hold
this I don't know why Boston you just
put it on India's like he was moving his
around and cut hair you got that could
he look at me you got that for your
birthday and Boston's wearing it that's
okay you're sharing when your babies you
don't share that's okay because babies
don't know but when they grow up they
share they do share these kids are in
their swimsuits they have been over at
the neighbor's house all day and I'm
going to go over and personally thank
her for allowing the kids to come over
and play there the grandparents they
have their grandkids come in like once
the summer and anytime they're here
my kids are glued to them very there in
our backyard or in their backyard and I
don't know I feel very grateful for her
because these kids were occupied all day
long yeah it's actually been super super
helpful so update on what we're doing
are you guys sick of house updates we
blog realize that this is our life right
now we're living and breathing it um
Joel just got done wiring so it took
them all day yesterday to cut the holes
and now it took them all day to wire all
the the holes yeah but we're good we're
getting we're getting to where we need
to be you have been a good boy to be
happy in your crib he has been so good
and he took such a good nap makes up for
all the uh crappy nights we've been
having normally we have such peaceful
nights last night he woke up twice he
was yelling on the slep Olivia actually
came into our room and he woke up with a
very very poopy diaper kind of crazy
last night was awful Joel slip right
through here will your port arms
if you're not used to doing electrical
work your hands and your arms get super
cut up Angela's yesterday was a big day
we didn't vlog a whole lot of it because
it was like you know the days I did 19
cans in one day it took me and Bo when
we did his we did like 24 else two of us
mm-hmm by the cut 32 out install 19 of
them well big deal
what's a big deal okay come on down here
okay one two three
whoa okay come here
don't no don't shine it in my eyes what
did you do over at Granny's do they call
her granny or granny
I can't tough I can't remember what did
you do over there so when did you play
in the sprinkler yeah yeah I got why
guess
did they have water guns over there yeah
and they fed you guys sandwiches Cody
took over some beef jerky to share did
you have some beef jerky yeah no
characater don't show any signs I think
they're allergic to roll them out
learned it chew it I start the lids
wrong oh they don't eat meat yeah oh
they don't
oh that's fun I need to cemetery do it
there's cemetery to it huh 17 did they
say that they were vegetarians do you
know a vegetarian is someone that
doesn't eat meat so is that what they
said when you brought it over oh darn it
so what'd you do with all the beef jerky
yeah you ain't their share too Jeff
they're Canadian
they love you want another beef jerky
stick buddy want some hot glue is that
hot glue up there hot wood or something
that's all I like to attach my life
screams Jeff maybe a little mod podge
maybe they did it because it helps the
rattle babies does Pinterest show - that
way you are Joel hates Pinterest he
despises it I love it I know let's let's
let's clarify something I don't paint
picture I hate my tools when they fall
I like Pinterest Frawley ideas what I
don't like is all the tea I will show
people how to do stuff when realistic
where they have no idea either stuff
like the wire Jill they don't show
wiring on Pinterest got official so cute
see little white versus I'm gonna make
the blood what whoa Joey you're a punk
and you just offended off interest use
that no no no DIY is good but at the end
of the day the reason people make a
profession
okay you're right and there's licensing
required do it oh and that's what grinds
my gears oh you guys want to get Joe
let's set to start posting Pinterest
ideas
Pinterest is a good thing don't you
new sweet boy new sweet boy Boston you
make sure not to put the light in his
eyes those are your beep hey oh okay
let's turn the light down you can't have
it on the very brightest one it's over
oh here we go
you can have this one on Oh
see he's not gonna like that that is not
gonna be able to see the light flashing
on the poor
hey I got one week when we're me uh-oh
here we go
okay I'm gonna ran for just to say uh uh
for anybody that thinks blondie just
sits around all these floors well this
is there are 32 lights in the ceiling
that I've made and it made a unreal mess
I actually purposely did not show them
the mess because I didn't want anyone
like seeing all that gunky stuff on my
floor this is like a half of a light
done and that's just the message makes
like imagine all of the lights now
anyway it's been atrocious and I keep
putting more mess on as I work just more
crap comes now but Bonnie in between
every time just keep sweeping she never
cares just keep sweeping
keeps my areas clean she keeps my tools
organized year on his beams cause
there's no me a nice about it like these
projects I'm capable of doing but I
would it would take me so much more time
but I have my little assistant thank you
so half the time Joe says nice things
like that I take him out of the blog and
he gets mad because I don't know it's
just weird like putting this and putting
that in leave-in lady you'll get it
you're my Vanna White we didn't keep
cleaning my areas clean that up Vanna
well finish my lights just finish my
lights mister Helene
did you say Dollface okay I have been
making him wear his goggles and his
breathing mask and for some reason he
didn't put it back on mr. howleen I have
to nurse him at night I have to nurse
him at night by putting eye drops in his
eyes lotioning his hands and arms he
refuses to take care of himself that's
why I'm married I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you who you ridin hey howdy
you going get going oh boy howdy
yeah thinking right thing oh look at him
stand up are you kidding me hey I think
you are addicted ooh baby's doggy he has
been so funny crawling around
I watched him crawl around on this floor
his I loved his face with those nerve
bullets he's like duck lips at the
finest huh so sweet he has been going
back and forth back and forth from one
end of the room to the other with the
wheel sticky in his mouth
I love it howdy howdy
and no Dobby baby come on goodbye
did you lay your clothes out for
tomorrow so that you could sleep in so
you don't have to wake up at midnight
met it well I don't remember the last
time I woke up in the middle of the
night to get your clothes but okay hey
be soft with her Oh
her poor hair look this is kind of weird
but look this is funny here cuz you
should cut her hair cuz look we did cut
her hair look Steph is big and I wanted
all the things you know why if you're if
it's Downton like that it looks funny
but if it's up on top it's all the same
length because her hair is meant to go
in a bun well creepy ah why is this her
I broke Tina this was your favorite doll
for a long time huh
we love you loves her dull stuff and
sometimes a shelter clothes you are good
to all your dollies on Jeff I know I see
that all shoved in there and I licked
her hair and then I call me and okay I'm
ready to say good night to you good
night you can wait I have a ready nice
night dude give me hugs
I did it I know you smell like sunblock
yeah you stay in your bed you can play
with your dollies as long as you're in
your bed but if I knew that again
yes good night good night good night
your little cute boy would you play my
eye state all right your skateboard in
your scriptures I sure love you mm-hmm
you had a big day plane didn't chess
yeah okay good night right hey good
night all right
see in the morning all of the kids are
in bed I have most of this vlog edited
already I just had to put a little
ending on it and now I am ready to
probably paint my toenails I told y'all
is that I think I'll be in a better mood
if I take the grandma paint off of my
toes and put on like a glitter pink or
something that will make me feel a lot
better if I talk quiet I don't wake the
baby up so I'm going to finish editing
this vlog paint my toenails and then
enjoy the rest of my evening so we'll
see you guys probably tomorrow bye guys
