mom look Boston Goths crack and Cody has
a bigger a little tiny crack but his has
just like a little crack last night but
what and let you stepped on the wood and
your feet didn't get wet oh yeah and why
are you here me
that is awesome good one so Boston's
have like cracked you know how it was
crapping your chick when there's chicks
huh I'm gonna have like a little life
but Cody's Cody's you can see there's
like a whole there's a whole instead of
a crack Wow
Boston's where'd you look at the top
look at the top do you see the top yeah
that's what I mean and thought and look
Boston's is starting to yet starting to
crack but Babar it looks very good pop
Wow buddy let me help
come me open these it's look inside cuz
I can't first yeah take it over by the
door over by the back door
clearly Olivia will help you can you go
take it over bye Olivia and she'll help
you he's trying to be so care
joking sucia i'm jolene oh he wanted me
to show everyone a shadow look
cuz he's cute just like I'm holding a
baby in my shadow like a baby's just
attached to me this is what staying
pregnant feels like yeah oh my he's so
sweet in there and do you want to know
what I think would be amazing is if we
had sponsors for all of our meals um
I wish I'm Stan's and Cafe Rio and Jamba
Juice would sponsor us oh dear this is
not a hard time in the least I am pretty
excited to have our breakfast outside
with the kids
kind of fun a bagel yeah this is how you
do it yes it is is he going down the
ramp is that what these are okay show me
this one yep let's see I'm so lame oh
yeah hey guy made it all the way good
job son was trying for everything like
again can move elevate move away
oh go on the other side step on the
other side of the board so I cuz all I
can see your butt right now
there we go
Oh Joanna don't feels the best out here
though is the like the crisp air oh it's
still cold in the mornings it feels
really good nice and cool I need these
guys walked in the door you're sort of
busting out they're just like I'm sure
you guys might think I'm crazy for
crying over hardwood floors but I am so
excited and I am so grateful like I'm
like I have been I have been dreaming of
these hardwood floors since the day we
moved in this house and I cannot believe
I'm doing here right now and it might
seem so simple to maybe be watching this
video and thinking my gosh you're just
getting new like flooring but I am so
stinking grateful for it and I cannot
wait to watch my kids slide down the
hall on it very excited yes I will push
you yes I will push you my goodness
sakes and slide on the hardwood floor oh
my gosh a few kids asked for one more
thing today I'm gonna put you put you
somewhere
they're here oh yeah that does very sick
wrapper your room watching these guys
this together they're just amazing
Boston is hiding behind Jill's legs he
wants to watch but I think he's feeling
timid so he's signing behind daddy's
legs turned out those are big nails into
the floor yes
heythis very I guess program is
frightened did you know look we're gonna
slide on those books there Marta has
played on kid day yep today they'll
still be like you'll be slivers if you
do hide your hands on it yeah I'm on a
different band and put something yeah
well they're gonna cover that today Joel
what do you think leave it like this
straight done I think I'd be happy
cody's mad cuz we won't put the blade in
his knife that one will have to do now
you don't get to cut the hardwood what
do you get a cut
the white plastic part and you have to
stay out of everyone's way okay you just
keep working on that
Olivia's helping by picking up all the
little wrappers behind the guys this is
what we're doing to occupy them he's
cutting the right whatever those are the
wraps and she's cleaning them up he's
let me see her back how many you got in
there
things were getting a little hectic and
loud upstairs so I thought that Boston
could use a little bit of quiet time so
we're going to sit down here and Lincoln
high you slept through all that noise
you slept through all that noise yes you
can you slept through all that noise
we just can't believe it for two hours
down here hey hey yeah you did yours
ethical baby yes you did good you've
been sleeping through noise your whole
life guess who's here yeah Ellie's here
yeah that makes me happy too Ellie and
Jared brought us over some lunch so
we're all gonna sit in the shade out of
the chaos and have some lunch when I was
Ellie's house her hardwood died texture
and said hey I'm going to be in Logan
can I come meet with you and I said hey
that's my job he's coming to do my job
and so Ellie met up with hardwood guy
here at my house and it was so fun
Michael he brought Oh samples for us and
everything and it was just so cool we
have the same hardwood floor guy how
funny is I know I love it well I went
with their hardwood guide this yeah yeah
it went totally was like who's your
hardwood guy the Builder who's building
our house it's his hardwood yeah and he
just has all of these amazing
subcontractors he always does such a
good job so much trust and they're like
okay we're gonna have my head whoever he
works with yep exactly
Hey
oh she's so cute
hope bunkers I just pulled up to the
house in the grocery store Joel just
pulled up the house from wherever he was
on his four-wheeler
I saw you actually I saw you turning
like you were in the suburban end you
wanted two straight wins
Wow are those popsicles
okay I want everyone out of here so I
just got back from the grocery store and
I bought a bunch of things for well I
shouldn't say a bunch I bought up a few
things for crock-pot meals so that on
Sunday we've got some nice to eat and
I've got all my stuff in the wheel
barrel I just barely put Lincoln back
here while I grabbed my groceries he's
not very happy but he's right here in
the shade and I'm gonna load up the
fridge so we've got some stuff I got
some fresh fruit for lunches and
breakfast and I'm gonna load up our
freezer and fridge so we've got some
food you guys help me Lincoln screamed
the entire time at the grocery store he
hates that car seat we're sitting here
eating some mango salsa and it is very
refreshing the kids have this really um
hey I need a camera an ice cream all
right cam ice creams come show me your
cameras okay so I'll go first to mind
the phone and I wrote the ABCs on here
that's a really really cool phone it's a
look I'm gonna show you the pictures Wow
hello my dad you give a drum I can't
hold on hold on you yes you can take a
picture with Lincoln oh you're like a
finger and you have your ice cream cone
so is it what is this
pictures easy Kelly my goodness are you
good yes I wanted because I want to see
the colors ah Wow Wow
you stay over here mister is that all
what else did you have to show me about
this party cool this is means type out
this means take a picture and you know
what else
ah on my gate honey Wow so who made that
for you did you make that for him yeah
that was pretty cool yeah did you guys
ask the workers to make these ah you
just found pieces that kind of look like
it Oh earlier you asked the worker to
make you a round one huh and did he make
it special for you that's awesome cool
um I want you to dance do the do that
one dance do dance yes you do where you
put your hand right here and you kind of
show me one way to do this you're like
you did it from your mission
do it yes okay now do it like you mean
it
this is our goal
awesome
well our floors are done and they look
amazing and they feel awesome so they're
going to come in sand and they're going
to stain and it's going to be wonderful
we're going to go much darker than this
people want to know why we are not
moving this wall where the fridge is
going to go because I'm not yes it is a
load-bearing wall yes we could put a
beam or a post somewhere up here but
where we completely change the
distribution of weight downstairs
we didn't feel comfortable with again
distributing the weight upstairs we
force downstairs differently where we
were going
yeah and that's just not what we're
gonna do so we're leaving it someone
spam yep weird again
well gotta go get my crying baby so I
want to say thank you guys for watching
this video give it a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it I'll see you next video
bye guys
