good morning you guys this morning joel
is gone and so I am taking the
opportunity to get things cleaned up a
little bit
so during remodels is how this usually
goes is the chaos is out here and that
is Joel's domain he does the work I do
my best to help him clean it up like I a
lot of times I'll take the shot back and
just like vacuum up behind him so that
we're not tracking too big of a mess
through the house you know and what my
job is and this is nothing that's been
said but it's just kind of known and is
like the rooms that are already done or
like the kidses rooms and wherever joel
isn't working i do my absolute very best
to make sure it is like perfectly clean
so that way when he is done with a chaos
out there he can come to bed in here and
it's nice and not chaotic I'm just gonna
grab some dirty clothes here and I'm
gonna go down and do some laundry I have
the kids pinned downstairs Olivia's home
the baby because they can't be up here
like these floors are just I mean we cap
being up here there's just no reason to
be up here so we're going to have a
quiet morning and hang out downstairs
and see I got it taking shoes off so we
don't track stuff this is swept and then
we have plastic on the carpet Oh Olivia
did you barricade I love you did you
barricade this off so he would have come
over here do your older kids think it's
funny to put diapers on do you miss him
I'm not even gonna show you get the
diaper they think it's funny to put
diapers on this little bubber's will not
let me put him down I have been trying
to like set him in like a pack and play
or somewhere to play and he just won't
he just wants me to hold him he is a
little miserable so I gave him a piece
of beef jerky
but what about the way good
snacking on dried mangoes and beef jerky
afternoon beef jerk beef jerky um and he
loves it I know it's kind of gross but
he kind of likes it he really likes that
he loves it he's taking it to Danny say
I'm gonna take a good nap yeah so this
morning we've been busy we've been
working getting some sheetrock put up so
all that stuff that was torn apart
destroyed now we got a sheetrock that
there is a sheetrock there
I want to layer that because that's
really thin sheet rock so I want a layer
at a little heavier
we were just stopping for lunch so I've
got some mangos and some prunes I like
prunes maybe I have an old man but I
like him and some beef jerky he lovin
that the beef jerky thing we learned for
my cousin he's a goober outdoorsman
every year he'll go up and get a go
hunting for a deer then their family
lives off the deer they utilize every
bit of that and what little bit they get
turned into jerky says that's how he's
teeth every one of his kids is gives
them a big stick of jerky and they just
not because it tastes good and it's so
tough that their gums aren't getting
through it at all so they just enjoy it
yeah well Cody's working hard out here
you working code yeah oh this is the new
parts that'll be built this is what it
would look like in a kind of more of a
newer home now this is how they do it
anyway I just got it done built I'm
gonna set it in place
hello alright thanks dad how you feeling
that's my dad on the phone and I had to
talk to him because he has a very bad
back like I do I think I inherited it
from him maybe and he's been having a
lot of back troubles and anyway
he's feeling a little bit better now but
that poor guy I've been playing in the
mud but you can tell and Olivia monster
it earlier
so what well okay so I did like playing
out in the mud oh oh ah I am out here
playing buses enough going in the front
yard which um everything is good and
that's our Apple to roll and slide here
and boost the pretty sky just look at it
oh I see that line cut okay and so I
purrs all over no so that's why I'm
outside and so and there's a show gets
you that laughs mm-hmm so all today
there's everything outside that good and
that's why I'm just outside so today
under the stuff around and um the ten
letters are there and I cousin Kate okay
I mean our friend Kate hello
do not bet I hated that is our friend
Joel is giving me set up with a kitchen
area right here yeah that thing is heavy
I tried moving it with Lincoln in my
arms and that was not happening I'm
gonna get this get some hot dogs warmed
up thank you we'll figure it out I'll
figure it out I need like something just
underneath of course you know saving a
dead horse for a reason
you are kidding when you said you're
building me a new kitchen hmm thank you
okay if you guys want your hot dogs come
and get them yep
come and get them thank you for holding
my baby these are for the kids okay
there's one for Miss Kate hey here's one
for mr. Cody
here's one for mr. granny pants is that
funny there's a hot drop for mr. Boston
Wade run out there run out there and go
sit with everybody all right Olivia I'll
trade you one baby for one hot dog do
not do this at home
nobody we're not endorsing this we're
just doing what we have to do to get
crap done done and by we I mean us
looking at you on out of the camera cos
body works very hard and she doesn't get
shown because she's also our cameraman
no boob light hey kids
is this the only shade we have in our
whole yard and you're crouched under it
well what the heck of my thinking you
guys are so cute out here hey lend an
icy breeze I see Cody lounder bears
under man I see you're under and
I hear diaper today has been a huge day
of work for everybody the kids play
super hard in the yard what are we gonna
do right now we're getting in the
bathtub and what are we gonna use a hook
your hope bath bomb code you getting
undressed
mom I am making the kids strip out in
the hall so they don't get the bathroom
all dirty
cuz this is our kitchen in a work area
and Boston wants to use his hope bath
bomb
I want all these rinse in the water
before we can fill the tub with water
rinse them off maybe feet around
look who decided to start standing all
by himself
yes Lincoln did Lincoln hey mister
things like um I am playing in the water
and I am NOT gonna look at yo hey Boston
push been a low best thing was the hooks
a fish okay
put it in the water can you drop it in
the water all the way all the way okay
what do you think Boston oh yes see this
one so Matt Baume
what about me having a little bath bomb
on my sign here swish the water and
you'll get some he likes bats that's why
I like I know sometimes even drops good
thing you've got you to help him out huh
and we ravenous we both are Joel and I
had breakfast we fed the kids lunch and
now maybe you're having lunch
let's in terrifi what breakfast is for
Bonnie and I are kind of a liquid
breakfast diet
we love our Jamba Juice in the running
Bonnie gets a geometry so I have a
protein shake
mm-hmm that's our morning routine and
it's good but we don't eat right cuz
we're see amazing what seriously and yet
I have managed to gain five pounds so
excited about that five pounds since we
started the remodel really excited about
that that's awesome
what's the camera
camera action not eating this stuff adds
five pounds and it's like today I really
was planning on like making a meal even
out in the garage and it's just like
Lincoln will not let me put him down for
the life of me I just can't and then by
the end of the night me and you are just
like spent such a freak
this is my favorite thing sitting on the
floor where the piano was and eating I
love doing remodels and eating on the
floor with you it's kind of fun for off
one this is our last one least in this
house then we'll start over nope nope
nope not happening I'm staying here for
a good long while right start over with
a new bathroom no baby's room
nope our first remodel in this house was
seven years ago when we moved in we did
the bathroom first thing I cannot wait
to do like a before and after video with
every room in the house that we've done
that's gonna be really cool we've been
at this for a long time people have been
asking for like do a house tour you know
pretty much since we started vlogging
people just want to see the house
whatever which is weird because you see
the whole house in every blog I will do
a official before and after house tour
uh Joel and Bonnie Helene cribs house
tour yeah that's good leave me alone
okay you guys thank you so much for
watching if you like this video give it
a thumbs up we'll see you next video bye
guys remember to subscribe
you're freaking it is an Ellen's dude oh
oh yes remember to surprise try see you
guys
