thinking can you say good morning and
welcome to the holy niching floor I've
had a few mornings in our empty empty
kitchen and I think we've been doing
pretty good don't you guys yep and we're
going to take the fridge out into the
garage today I think we've done pretty
good and we'll do our dishes in the good
question we're gonna do our dishes in
the bathroom sink that's what we do
we've got one sink in our entire house
nope we're gonna get a new one yeah yeah
we're gonna make our house new you two
having a baby no baby he's not happy
because he wants to crawl everywhere but
I can't let him I can't let him crawl
anywhere I have no hold on hold on
Lincoln's playing with Cody's hands
under the door because I haven't
barricaded in the bathroom so he can't
get to anything on the floor that's his
binky I'm in here doing the dishes this
is my kitchen sink how amazing is that
no a little crazy that's what it is
crazy
you little flippin sweetheart yes what
kind is is called what kind is it called
it's like cucumber orange something
cucumber orange apple and lemon in ass
all green you little sweetheart are we
gonna load that bed full of stuff we
really we haven't we haven't had to have
too much just demolition no huh cuz the
cupboards people took you know some of
the appliances people have taken so we
lose pears
whoa yep
well Boston we can't find your goggles
can we daddy we'll find them
what are your goggles doing hi they're
hiding well you can hammer that all you
want you know why cuz there's a big
tractor that's coming it's gonna dig
this up too
this is what we're ripping up we're
ripping up all this broken old concrete
yep even this okay as long as you be X
look at me
you be extra careful not to hit anyone
with your hammer well at least I'll
sleep good and like this view summer
vacation Olivia's hanging out daddy's
working cubby thinks he's working
I've been doing the demolition for all
this area up and down the side of the
fireplace as you can tell and there's
this funny little area back here and
behind this piece of wood there's a is
the is the garage and there's always
been that piece of wood in the garage
and move them up Bonnie been like no
what the heck they were thinking there
and tearing into this I kind of found
something cool that was the original
shoot or like opening there was a
doorway on the back side and this is
where like this is all built after those
other shelves were original and this is
afterwards anyway this was all for
setting the fire wood in here in the
house and then you could just put it in
the fireplace right there because that
is a wood-burning stove pretty cool kind
of fun to dig into these old homes and
see like little things that they used to
do and technology we do not utilize
nowadays because we don't have to we
have you know gas burning pillow for any
whatever but I don't know before smart
back in the day and I like it you kids
come sit down and we'll have a little
lunch and we'll watch your daddy
I know daddy's ripping it out oh that's
called insulation is it frozen stuff
it's okay good yeah good job good
go ahead need your frozen sandwich and
like you kids taste good I left my
camera out here in the car so I had to
come out and give it I almost don't want
to tell you guys but I am down in Salt
Lake City for the 3rd time picking out a
countertop first time was marble marble
is the only thing that makes my heart
just palpitate is because it is so
beautiful and so the crickets are making
them I picked out eight quarts and I
hated it every time I looked at it I was
mad because I wasn't buying marble so
I've had people help me pick out a few
different things and the people here at
Arizona tile are liver
the most informative people I have ever
worked with and I've been to several
different slab Department slab companies
and I'm so excited I can't wait to show
you this is classified as a marble but
it is harder than like the white marble
that you see anyway so it won't stain as
easily
it's almost as strong as a granite but
it is
definitely a little softer hey guys
welcome to YouTube okay that is it that
is her I'm nervous I think it's gonna be
very this guy can I show your face on
YouTube this guy is the most informative
man I've ever talked to like I want to
hug him like he is so that's not that's
not a little bit scary at all working
over the stairs just just a little scary
gonna be honest I'm not sure what I'm
more scared of damaging anything
downstairs and the wrath of Bonnie or
just falling down the stairs by myself
looks like my daddy is home I think my
goal was today was to beat him home and
he there he is
I knew your um I bought my gold today I
was like I want to beat daddy home today
you beat me hello yes I showed them I
show them have you have you kids gone
over down this ramp way mom and dad got
a new sidewalk it kind of dips down here
comes up here doesn't that look fun yes
sure
anybody know what this is called class
it's called a lentil it's in there good
- so bad
I got the fireplace all the way gone and
set up and ready for a new fireplace new
brick and all that kind of stuff now I
just gotta go through and take all the
molding off all the doors all this
stuff's gotta go so we can put up the
new nice stuff in Manson work my way
down the hallway we've got to work
around that which is no fun and pull it
off this this ones are hard too because
these doors have been painted already
and I don't want to bugger them up this
doors been painted
I don't want to bugger it up so it gotta
be really delicate as all he wanted was
to get out on the stinking grass he
screamed the whole way home in a car I
know well and see these goggles the
Boston's wearing he fell asleep with the
goggles on yeah and when he woke up and
tried rubbing his eyes so he was rubbing
the goggles and he was getting so mad he
was like crying throwing a fit because
he couldn't yeah wasn't satisfying the
edge the kids were pretty good I'm so
glad that my mom watched him while I
went there was such a relief
I know it's growing isn't it mm-hmm
the guy that helped me was the most
informative guy I've ever talked to I
like fell in love with him what'd you
find bud daddy's water bottle that boy
loves to play with those water bottles
he's so happy in the Sun 1 2 3 well you
still have a lot of work you don't have
to do it tonight though deal I would
like to keep us ahead so that we are on
for sure schedule you don't have to stay
up till 2:00 in the morning doing things
like last time yeah I don't want to
things the slides keep go on it sticky
floor done sweet huh I'm gonna get the
kiss to bed and edit while Joel finish
finishes doing his stuff it's always
hard putting the kids to bed in the
summertime because it stays light till
9:30 go to bed when it's light I guess
like yep okay you guys thank you so much
for watching we'll see you later bye bye
guys
