you guys crap is getting real today the
hardwood guy called us and said that we
are good for next week to start the
hardwood and so we have to get
everything cleaned out and our lights in
so I just got done giving away our table
and our bench in our chairs and the lady
that came was the cutest girl we were
talking makeup I gave her a whole bunch
of samples of makeup that I had that I
knew I'd never used that I knew she
would really appreciate like a bag full
and she was so excited we talked about
like what face washes we use we talked
about like our bodies and like what
we've been doing to work out cuz she she
had a rocking mod anyway she was like my
best friend by the time she left and
she's and you know we got talking about
YouTube of course always and she's like
I subscribed and she's like I can't wait
to go home and watch these videos anyway
super super fun we have someone coming
to get our oven and our microwave and
we're just clean and crap out things
just got so crazy around here Hyjal it's
like we've been dying for this to start
and now that it's starting more like
more excuses to do it no this is so
crazy
I think I have our cupboards sold for
like 50 bucks so pretty this is a higher
bidder no I don't even cares just Bonnie
holiness British oh I don't even care I
had some I was gonna sell my bench that
y'all had made and I'm like the girl was
here I'm like I don't really care if you
just want to just take it like I don't
even care just take it I just want my
stuff out my phone is blowing up with
people that just want crap I'm just like
come get it come get it take it out
oh you want to treat do ya that shocks
the heck out of me you cute little boy
oh yeah yeah and when that girl came to
get our table her little boy handed me a
kick a Twix it was like that's the best
thing I've ever thank you is this even
worth it like what are we even doing put
it all back
remodeling put it all back I'm going
through I've owned it clear I know I saw
him on you they're so cute I know I love
that it's like we're going through this
like only empty two and a half shelves
I'm tired I want to throw anything away
Lincoln is being the most wonderful
human being on this earth he's just
plain being happy pooping through my
diapers left tonight but we can do this
Joel we can do this the next clip you
guys see everything is going to be out
of these covers I knew this day was
going to come
I knew that we were going to soon get
rid of this if you are someone that has
watched our videos from being absolute
very beginning you will see yes there's
a banana in there you will see that
there used to be a hole in this cupboard
right there you can see it Ozzy and I
always want to like I wonder if I'll
ever tell anyone what happened to that
government so what happened is Joe and I
were on really good terms one time
and I just got done working out I think
it was right after Cody or Boston was
born I can't know it was right after mmm
Boston was born I was so mad the kids
were standing right here
I had my workout shoes on I mean see
where I was going with this
I had just my stress level was more than
I could handle and it was like I'm
either going to kick the kids or I'm
going to kick the cupboard and I just
aah screams kick the cupboard but I hear
toll in it I think I cried for three
days every time I walked past it I would
just cry because I couldn't believe how
I had lost my temper I couldn't believe
how upset I was I couldn't believe that
I brought my cupboard door anyway that
was a nightmare quite nicely and I
wonder what the people were giving these
cupboards way and I wonder what the
people think about that they're grateful
for I'm not care okay you take a good
nap
I think we've washed your sheets 5,000
times here's your new bedroom it's a big
thing that's what it's gonna be friend
of a mom
mojo discussed y'all that's pretty gross
this is what I'm most excited for is a
new not moldy kitchen powerful and say
okay I'll just go out yeah we're going
to take all the stuff out who's gonna
help I mean when you are use spite am I
gonna come help
yeah they have better rate this okay
what are you gonna lift this thing by
yourself just a minute
yeah see that Formica
me go grab my work clothes off there in
a baby's like Jean oh well I don't know
where we put them my hot fizzer in the
bathroom oh let's called it back
oh he put them on yep you want to hit
something with your hammer oh no no
we're giving those to somebody don't hit
those let me see yeah let me see your
outfit why
Cody was so excited to put those on
Boston you got your work gloves on Oh
yep you're covering your ears yes you
carry that we're not hitting anything
yet
okay no not yet I will tell you these
boys are so ready yep don't do that
they're so ready to help but there's
just not a whole lot for you guys to do
just yet yeah we'll let you help in a
minute okay and you're not hitting
things just yet right yeah yeah I see it
I'll be careless this bust okay
all these boys want to do is help that's
all they want to do careful careful oh I
just wanted so bad I just want to do
school okay that's it
good job you guys I'm so proud of a hard
worker you are am i driving you crazy
Joel a little bit I just can't even oh
all of them like I just can't even
believe you just qts men at work right
yeah no I do come from a land down under
buddy hey I'm from London under the band
is called met at work means Mina love
you'll stick to doing makeup you you
guys take care of the house and we'll
look pretty for you haha you kids are
being so good to play out here gotta use
those tools for something huh code got
here busting up rocks whoa my gosh you
almost run right into my feet mr. oh you
guys are being good to play out here
what you you're doing good no last
cabinet going out
so think seriously can't believe that I
wish you felt this big all the time this
is so crazy I wish so bad it felt this
big all the time like I don't want to
fill it back with stuff but even even
with everything out like this is such a
little kitchen and like it's just stuff
do you think got a lot of work ahead of
us I know I'm scared I mean by us I mean
yeah hey guys so Florida cow that crazy
hello sleeping together alright guys
that's all she wrote we are calling it a
night we're gonna take the kids and
they'll find something for dinner yeah
dad you want to play them well there it
is when we've remodeled like bathrooms
or bedrooms in the face of relocate just
make it like you don't have a kitchen
you know oh I'm nervous
everybody wish us luck it's a good
problem to have though right I'm not
complaining have a good night you guys
will see in our next video bye guys well
I
