door what is that oh yeah I do want to
see you pick that up oh gosh
who can you put that back down okay come
show me your gloves come here help me
see him come here I'll show you
I know just where it is there we go wait
come here let me see well this will be
upside down okay hold still let it focus
that one says Wade lost a leg yeah let
me see the other one wait boss huh and
what are those unless well what kind of
gloves bigger work gloves and it'll be
less mm-hmm so go keep working go get
some more wood I can't give them out cuz
they have more table okay well these are
his work gloves and he has been bringing
me in our hardwood floor and stacking it
in here and even though I don't really
want him to do that he's working so
don't encourage that and I just closed
him that just proves that if you have
the right tools it makes the jobs better
and easier maybe I don't know this guy
threw up last night and was being really
sick oh yeah and he just all he wants to
do is just lay right here that's what
he's doing
yeah and it wasn't just like spit up
like he had lots and lots of dirty
diapers yeah so we're just we're just
laying here with mom I mean he's not
moving
this is he's just sitting here Olivia
show me Cody's old gloves Cody brought
me up his gloves this morning let's see
Derek's ledger here yes and they really
are those are Cody's hey that's my
string again those are Cody's look how
dirty they adds because he works in him
ah he uses that you like uses them
almost every day my last summer he sure
did he's like oh yeah and we plan on
doing lots of work this summer so we got
Boston a pair too that's hot well thank
you for you go to a hotel
mmm-hmm here's the brand new ones and
those are the old ones there's quite the
difference in them
their bark is a green there sparkles no
there's no sparkles in them should we
see here lay that down on the floor lay
that puppy on the floor and we'll see if
Lincoln does with it came hold this
point on the dog okay we'll see if what
Boston does are Lincoln does that oh he
wants to blow through it now okay good
in a puppy yes Seema keeps laying his
head down on the puppy boy Lucky's not
even moving
you can see he just doesn't feel good oh
he's our little baby isn't mean has tape
on dough was like any so long oh look
he's laying on your sissy I love them
too and I love you I'll take him
hmmmm can I record you a t-shirt vegan
is so sick I can't believe me just the
wrong features Brooks okay I have to sit
a certain way so that it doesn't fall
like that there this is the best thing
it's so sad that Lincoln I think every
mom agrees that they like when their
kids are sick because if they're
cuddling when they're sick hello
Bordeaux but you're not gonna Kyra he's
okay he's just game didn't the I'm like
the little squid that's recording League
is like he's trying to find Lincoln oh
the little autofocus yeah not done you I
do not know why a Lincoln is sick oh oh
what did you say
can you see mama Boston stop it
Rick you can record Boston look he's
getting all cut away down there - now
he's kicking and he's kicking me
you darn it baby you'll stop it busting
for it one take four out don't have the
bullets at all right that's exactly what
we're gonna do but you got to move this
one out so it doesn't get the
to be hurt can you work and put the wood
back pick it up you got to work hard how
long after Boston go ahead go ahead go
get it back hurry
hmm those are better toys for a baby
than blocks of wood get going hard work
don't scratch the walls oh my god grated
it how about we know what's all gone oh
you can put it down and you could put a
bug it out they're gonna come tumbling
until then we could lay on blanket or a
flag boy that's a good idea but you know
what I don't think he's gonna want to
he is just laying here he seems happy
enough I would move the camera but he's
got a hold of the string there you go
dear all right well you're working so
hard don't scratch the walls good job
and Olivia has taken on a new love for
binky's I told her that she was my only
baby that didn't suck on pinky's and so
she is now taking up the sport of binky
sucking is that really all right last
one last one you won get going
good job hello baby Olivia oh you're
such a sweet baby okay I'm just sprawled
out oh you're such a sweet thing did you
get all your work done showing everybody
your work gloves
I like those work gloves we got them
from cow ranch
yes XP Cameron
okay you sweet thing look for that
cameras dream look for that camera
string so I like pinkies draft this is
the hardest thing I gotta get my binky
now I got my binky it tastes good
yoo-hoo Irish baby
you guys should see me trollin what'd
you do what'd you say Charlie okay
everyone stand up everyone stand up
right now go through the table go sit at
the table
