good morning everybody today is the best
day ever
I'm off today just got done with a 7.3
mile run I'm very tired
and it is Olivia's first day of summer
and it's my anniversary
Bonnie and I have been married for nine
years now nine years and four kids later
so we're gonna sneak this in
good morning good morning you guys
Joel did not forget our anniversary I'm
so excited I'm so excited I asked him
like so we don't have you like plans
today right and he's like no I really
don't like but every present he already
did
do you know what I think he went to do I
think he went to get me a Jamba Juice he
just left I'm like where did it all go
and I think he's gonna be dumping the
beautiful monster is getting yourself
all ready for our anniversary date I
guess we were driving in the car and I
Cody was playing with the center seat
belt and he seat belted up and he's like
oh I seat belted that one I said oh good
now our visible friend Charlie will be
able to be safe and I was just going on
about Charlie our invisible friend and
how he can't have swedish fish but he
likes candy canes and lollipops and now
they're just playing with him hey who
well who you playing with out here
where's Charlie yet oh he's underneath
look guys he's right there underneath
good she did on your channel okay oh now
Charlie's on the teeter-totter with you
good he's gonna sit on your lap huh he's
Charlie's 12 we decided he's 12 it's
almost his birthday what days his
birthday but no do you know when his
birthday is July 4th and every year he
gets fireworks for his birthday we'll go
this year we'll go to Charlie's firework
birthday okay I promise we will on the
4th of July
yeah
yeah now they're telling the neighbors
and they got to think we're crazy
the first remodel we ever did on this
house was our bathroom it was awful it
really wasn't like filthy which was nice
it was actually really well cleaned and
stuff but it was very very original to
the house I saved some of these planks
cuz they're cedar wood and I always just
kind of wanted to dink around with them
they I thought it was kind of cool stuff
and I'm I've been trying to figure out a
good way to hang my belts
I've just been rolling them up but I got
too much crap in my closet and it's
taking up too much space so I want to
build a hanger so we're gonna build a
revamped bathroom wall belt hanger I
guess I'm beginning to think that I've
discovered that the greatest present
ever
cheeseballs it's a gift that keeps on
giving
Oh on my birthday you'll get oh we're
gonna get some more mm-hmm all right
what about Charlie's birthday
should we get some more for Charlie's
birthday yeah okay here you just got
cookies yeah he's right here wave hi to
the camera charlie no it's nice he's
real friendly oh hey right here Boston
yeah right there
he's a little bit taller than Olivia
though but he's like 12 he's 12 now my
face is so red I just got out of the
shower some blow-dried my hair and
strained it and the red face just shows
you how much work that was that's still
I'm like do I have to wear makeup today
it's casual we are gonna go casual right
yeah this is 9-year not tenure hey can
we do something super awesome for our
ten-year anniversary yeah we're gonna go
get pedicures oh I meant ten did I say
nine no you said ten we've been married
for nine years right yeah for our
ten-year anniversary for a ten-year
anniversary can we do something super
fun yes I'll plan this year's you please
next year's okay okay I'll do that
I'll do that I'll find something really
where's my present sorry it's okay what
are you sure today what one from
Blaire's da da hoodie
no the t-shirt no the hoodies aren't
available yet in June oh my gosh umm I
did not think you were gonna give me
anything and I have been staring at this
present all day long you wanna know what
I really want to uh our plan is that
we're gonna go get pedicures later today
I got a little babysitter and we're
gonna go get pedicures and is that
selfish of me to go get pedicures for
our anniversary
what do you doing I had to stretch so
bad and I feel so good like I'm not
moving I was like oh yeah see and your
pedicures gonna feel even better
uh well Bonnie Astor's had selfish and
like no it's not selfish I would never
choose to go get a pedicure or even
think to but if Bonnie drags me along
with it like I always enjoy it like a
massage I never think to go get one but
I love it when she takes me and I go so
it will be nice we're gonna go to dinner
like the cigarette is a good fan of her
streak some good anniversary any perfume
lady why is this smell so good oh this
little baby has been sitting in this tub
for about 20 minutes now and I have to
drain the tub because the water got cold
and I have to give him some more warm
water he woke up so oh you dream
you stopped me drain um he woke up so
miserable from a nap yeah cuz if his
poor teething mouth diarrhea diapers red
red face no snotty just the typical he
has been some of you guys might wonder
what this little rash is on the back of
his neck and Joe I know a lot of people
have that it's a birthmark but it's a
specific type of birth my
all of Joel and his five brothers have
it and all four of my kids have it it's
kind of different Olivia if you're out
of school and having summer vacation
why are you playing school you miss it
that much already
oh you almost hate it did you say you're
playing a game that you made up what are
you even what have you been playing out
here Oh school tell me about it well
this made recess and this name right
lunch and this means breakfast and this
means TV and this means some kind of
home yeah nice and this is forward when
they're being badly got the oh I hope
that I don't get sent to the principal
and the principal we showed up a little
bit late and I was like getting a little
anxious to get here but we're here now
and they're gonna do what they can with
the time we're sitting here talking
about how before we got married how we
used to go like six o'clock in the
morning Julie used to go oh you asked me
to leave alone oh no um he just comfy
Joe would come pick me up at like 6:00
in the morning
and we would go tanning together I know
tanning no no don't do that fake bake or
what is it does he call it that yeah
yeah just just to the lotion um but we
used to go tanning together and then
we'd go to work he'd go to work I'd go
to work that's kind of funny
we were really tan for our wedding and
our honeymoon
we looked really good and got married
and now sex laughs oh yeah big dog well
Joel picked out my nail color and I
think he did a really good job I'm not a
big fit like big it almost reminds me of
like like one time I asked my grandma
and love did you paint your toenails
brown she's all about let's go these are
my hair but I think you did a good job
picking about I like him
two of the four kids are asleep we go to
bed well wait a minute hey Boston
where's Charlie oh okay good he's in the
car kit that's all I care about
he's you guys have fun what do you think
like dollars you go get it go get him
over here hey you tell Charlie don't
play in the fireplace oh hey left
fireplace
are you hit Rylander fireplace I was
scared I'm gonna put him to bed okay
don't you want to put him in your bed I
don't know what you guys are holding
holding the toy Charlie's a 12 year old
boy
Oh Charlie's gonna sleep on a little bit
oh okay but oh no on the big day he's 12
and he was big
yeah he's 12 he's a big boy no and why
would he do time man doesn't like
cinnamon that much likes that wait
that's the one thing to run a charlie he
likes Bernard oh yes here like City
minerals course Charlie likes oh he just
doesn't like swedish fish
what remember we already talked about
this Charlie doesn't like Swedish Fish
he likes candy canes at Christmastime
like cinnamon rolls he didn't like
Christmas trip time he doesn't like
Christmas time let me ask him he just
said yes he like okay he's in your
bedroom oh hi Charlie
good to see you yeah yeah that's nice
he's invisible you know ghosties are
invisible he's not a ghost he's a real
boy
he's just invisible see him right there
right there you go are we a totally lame
couple for tonight
hey nine years is not significant 10
will be hey I'll also make the bunk for
a 10 years hey me too
what's today today is mom and dad's
wedding anniversary today a righty
Monday today is Thursday Thursday Friday
Saturday Sunday
you aren't gonna take oh ok guys I'm
gonna say good night because I'm ready
for the whole day Boston say good night
to everybody
good night everybody
