big boy do you know that you slip in so
so much didn't know that youth it's like
9 o'clock you slip all morning how did
you sleep
their egos too tired just you're tired
oh she shot you in Moscow fell in it you
had a dream that there was an ocean with
sharp some Boston fell in it was he okay
but did you just wake up after that oh
my goodness
normally could is very really happy and
free not just about darn near every
morning coat I feel confident I feel bad
just me bully you did yeah usually you
have really happy dreams he wakes up and
he tells me all about is awesome dreams
and you know that that's one of my
favorite parts of my morning is when you
tell me about your dreams do you know
what my worst part of the mornings are
when you in Boston and Olivia fight
that's such a mom thing to say I
remember my mom saying stuff like that
all the time
you see those tractors in there do ya
okay why don't you boys open the door
for mommy well I most certainly cannot
hold you okay you hold the door open for
me Oh handsome okay go on in go on in
can you hold the other door nope okay
hold the bird nope you got on pull up
and pull pull pull hard hard hard Cody
come on I'm not through I'm not thrilled
about bringing these kids into this
story
whoo Thank You mindin come on
oh my goodness I'll tell you what I'll
look through my person safe oh look at
me you too I'll tell you what Boston
you're not listening if you two are
super good in here can you go Simon I'll
find him can you give me evolve I will
find a quarter and I'll let you each
have one if you can listen and be good
while we're in here mom
yes I know they're not listening all
this is over in here and I'm here to
look at a sample of this stuff that
they've got anyway for my fireplace it's
a great brick I have never seen anything
like it but they told me that it does
not stay in stock and it's really hard
to get their hands on and they have all
sorts of samples good I'm glad of what I
can put around my fireplace and I just I
just have no idea what I'm even looking
for or what I want but they do have this
one sample it's amazing but knowing my
luck I'm not going to be able to get my
hands on it we'll see gosh yes okay so
this is like it looks almost whitish but
it's greyish and it just oh so pretty
I'm hoping that we can get it ordered
you take a good nap mmm promise mmm okay
I don't know how many times I've put you
in the vlog putting you down for a nap
but I just really like putting you down
for a nap yes you do yes I do
who why do you like that monkey blanket
so much did you know who made that for
you well my aunt Patsy mm she made that
for you okay take a nap today was
Olivia's last day of first grade is that
what I want to go back in there and play
in the park
only white loves recess she plays hard
well if you got out of school early
today she's trying to be crazy I'm not
gonna be able to say anything um Olivia
got out of school early today because it
was her last day at first grade and
anyway so she is home this is the time
of day that I usually don't vlog because
the baby's down for a nap fossum down
for a nap Cody's having quiet time and I
thought this would be the perfect time
for me and I'll let me have to get her
wound cleaned up here's just a little
example of something that we are going
to be cleaning and then laying on a baby
here we need my your DNA interesting
okay let me see okay hey we're gonna
clean up my sister's teespring good boy
okay okay I gave your hag oh I am so
sore okay first you need to go put these
books where the books go it was gonna
make that pretty much we can read them
again but I'll first want everything to
wait go put those where the books go
mm-hmm what my favorite thing that's in
it is this cute little peppery you might
now see it but if I go out you'll see it
it's like a little dog with the ctle and
if you get closer to love the puppy why
is this so pretty
but those we're your dollies slippers
are here
is all of your milk please you'll put it
in the fridge you can show them up there
if you want okay
these are milk milk do you really care
from girls I did okay mmm you're a cow
yeah I'm gonna kinda sells out I worked
so hard on his dog it was so hard to get
us on I tried to get this just on it was
so hard but now it's a puppy doll no the
puppy barking okay okay Olivia come put
this yeah your little girl dolls go your
Barbies are all put away went out seven
years old my mama top of it bitch go
nice and friend silk you know they mess
with a chair record to the rap to the
Raptor they were left now kick package
walk advice I don't what the face now
look at buddies now Walker boys I feel
like I'm the only one doing any work
around here that I rap together to the
Raptor kids of left kidnap em okay hang
this up in your closet kidnap a girl
like Rio I got a song what song and I
gonna take it you don't see it
I hate to admit it but I never want to
just sit down and play like I don't love
to sit down and play but I know that I
just need to sometimes all she needs to
remember is just a few times and today
is the perfect opportunity to cuz I'm
pretty sure that while we're doing a
remodel I'm not gonna want to do
anything so she's not gonna want to play
dolls when she gets older so I
definitely want to sit down and just
play dolls for a minute and Santa Claus
brought this little magnet doll set and
she wants to be a good one with blonde
hair and she wants me to have the one
with brown hair oh but don't look at me
I don't have any clothes on I'm already
dressed and we can play peas like this
and then we keep little ball here's some
boobs anyway well I got stuck with brown
boots because that's all fit doesn't
matter
that's what if I were used if he goes
and cleans up his poop from the crowd
no what would you something you could
wear boots for us first are you going on
fun um apparently um gonna come to my
house sure
okay Becca I'm sitting here feeding the
kids dinner they're eating feeding
Lincoln and I'm just kind of going over
my head what I have left to do tonight
and like what I'm planning on doing
tomorrow I love to the calendar tomorrow
is my Nicole's wedding anniversary lady
are one minute I know it's our
anniversary and I forgot oh I'm an idiot
I didn't even have any thought about it
haven't gotten Joe anything I
to highly doubt he's planning on doing
anything for our anniversary
I highly doubt he's even gotten me
something if he has I will be very
surprised a happy surprise but I'm kind
of hoping that he forgot to I think last
year we forgot I think the year before
we were forgot anyway kind of sad and
forgot our wedding anniversary usually
it's the other way around I'm gonna be
very intrigued to know if he has thought
about it or done anything anything like
I'll be surprised oh yeah what yeah you
diversity baby he did not get me diapers
for the baby well on that note I think
I'm going to close the vlog so I can get
these kids in bed get the video edited
and relax and enjoy the rest of my neck
actually I have a talk to give on Sunday
so I have to prepare a talk for church
on Sunday tonight that's what I'm going
to be doing I really don't want to do
that half the stuff in life we don't
want to do you just do it thank you guys
for watching I'm gonna go do my thing
you do yours we'll see you next video
bye guys
bye hey you say goodnight hug yay thanks
Rocky
you're welcome milk mouth oh one more
thing I'm really nice day okay have a
really nice time
