ah see your cake now first first I want
to know griever I want I have to do
question what color cake did you want
our name is LL okay what's wrong
you wanted a yellow cake yeah okay first
no listen listen
I hope okay okay go ahead hurry you're
dying do you think ya know are you crazy
oh no one gets to eat it okay this is
the second time this is happening the
very top of the diaper is just exploding
with that nasty like absorbent stuff I
have used Huggies diapers
ever since Olivia was born that's it
that's all I've ever used is Huggies
they have been my absolute favorite I
have never experienced this before I
didn't I mean I don't need to like show
you any more of that but like what the
heck I wonder if diapers have changed or
if Lincoln really really pees a lot but
I've never seen it like explode like
that yucky so the first thing we're
going to be doing for the birthday
festivities is not touching the cake
with your shoe we're going over to at
Ellie's house and we're having Calvin's
birthday party gonna be rated H and
we've got the guys bringing in the
hardwood for our hardwood floors and the
wood has to sit in our house for what 14
12 days something like that before they
lay it just so it can yeah so it can get
acclimated so they're bringing in the
hardwood and I have a hard time watching
people bring something like you guys
already know this I'm just like please
don't hit walls and doors like remodels
are really hard because you have to be
careful like demolition like if
everything was out of the room it would
be such a different story but like we
have to like live in the space that
everything is in with so it can be a
little bit difficult but we're doing a
good job
yeah yeah we say don't go to space mount
okay not that much okay you guys want to
see a little behind the scenes action
hey Jared this is how the magic is
created he's getting the cake and all
the fun stuff we just showed up to ant
Ali's house of course I'm work lad that
we're here he's in his single mama here
only get a little good well that was
smart I'm glad you did Joe still over
the house getting the hardwood guys
situated our entire family room is like
so they're doing your smart hey uh the
wood has to sit in the house for a while
so it's just gonna have to sit there but
so it has to sit there because it's real
fun yeah none of that big crap like it's
a hospital they use actually I'm pretty
sure the hospital yeah ridiculous I'm
pretty sure that they have there they're
not allowed to use real hard room
because it's porous and the fake stuff
isn't anyway but it is ridiculous yeah a
little smash case Boston sneaking
pictures over there
good job well we can't have Boston's
birthday ho I want to make sure I said
the right name I was like yeah it's
Boston's birthday right we're waiting
for Boston's birthday probably to start
because olivia is not home from school
yet
Jill just walked into a shed but it's
pretty typical he's just out here doing
yard work whatever and we're out here
swinging I'm sure glad you're here mom
help you well this is how grandpa says
it's easiest you put your finger down
and hold it with your thumb yep yes
perfect now lift your other three
fingers up that's what grandpa says is
the easiest perfect say three years old
now what did you want for your birthday
you said what do you want for your
birthday Jesus he's been telling me that
he wants ETV because olivia and cody
don't let him watch Caillou
and Buster why so he wants a TV to watch
Caillou one you're too little but don't
don't get your hopes up this is from
Grandma and Grandpa and that says to
Tommy not not Pammy yeah I will grandpa
begs to differ
this was this from this morning and this
was this afternoon me and mom were in my
room bedroom talking and I said oh my
gosh I guarantee he's out his hey Kenny
was he was out in his cake that's all
right
okay III can you believe this it smells
amazing this is oak flooring and it does
smell wonderful my mom just got done
helping me and Joel if it was just me
and July we would
I've been able to help him move this but
me and my mom were able to help get
everything in here she is the strongest
woman out there seriously um anyway so
mail and everything oh yeah um anyway we
got our stuff out here and I hate having
my stuff out in the garage I'm gonna
have to buy like spider traps and mouse
traps just to make myself feel better I
I normally can't stand all the kitty
cats in our neighborhood I normally it
just makes me cringe but I'm pretty
grateful for yeah it's true
Boston I don't see a TV looking package
anywhere but I don't think he's gonna
care okay yes happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear Boston happy birthday to you make a
good wish Boston don't you guys blow out
his candles good job oh you want to do
that okay sure
the only thing Boston cared about was a
yellow birthday cake and now that he has
it I don't think it matters what's in
these boxes oh thanks mum come on open
his presents yes Olivia and this is from
Olivia and Cody I got to see the top I
have to see the top says from Olivia and
Cody to Boston okay open it up
once I'm crying over I thought it was
too big for my baby Boston Boston law
allows rewrite your face and a formula
and a yellow tint the little guy in
there can go in your tent yeah and a
yellow lantern in a yellow fire busted
yeah oh I'm so happy
I really want my free kiss laughs yes
yeah this feels here we have sure this
one is from mommy so that one's come
daddy and this one's from mommy oh don't
open his present oh my gosh turn over
that's fun having this little boys well
not that boys but open what's the whole
safe
Oh mom Oh smush you say that oh come on
mr. Strange's I know so this is from
grandpa to Tommy
Thanks
sorry I'm so useless it's not even funny
all my girls are one-handed will honey
fosston pull that out and see what it
looks like you know Joel wants it to my
him another taco truck and I said no he
doesn't need another taco truck but
according to his reaction your choice
no you can't oh oh did you guys hear
that
well not plastic that's it mr. Cooper
Jackson looked you out some of these
some 100 he wants the whole room you
know oakmont's gee pops like that truth
balls yeah I love you I know well Cody
wanted these for his birthday and didn't
get them so he wanted to get them for
Boston yeah yeah Cody Boston can I look
at your Tonka truck
dee not daddy heaven just like this when
I was a boy really I think my dad may
have ran it over driveway never just
running through the house to like save
it I'm like highness oh well that's it
happy birthday first yeah I love having
rich invites in you have a thousand geez
oh hey one
Oh tree balls I don't know if the suet I
don't know if this is good to know my
hope so yeah how'd you do that well do
you think on Pinterest Pinterest win
pencil it's like the one and only
Pinterest win looks so cool our journal
is not very turtley anymore isn't that
kind of cool that is wait that's
exciting here yeah makes the best Frost
I cannot wait boy a hot dog wire quite a
muffin here it's really penicillin
conflict muffin
I was I was trying to think of the other
ones and I couldn't think of any other
ones can always count on Jared for the
clothes dragon clothes is fun well I
can't think of a better way to spend my
evening oh I agree like all day Ellie
and I have said how grateful we feel for
I don't know for our two little boys and
for our family and this is fun I wish
you would have planned our date we could
have gone up to the canyon and roast of
something and then they're like but wait
yeah that's on a fire pit so this is a
little impromptu but we just didn't want
to stop our party I think I've said this
about a million times
it's boss's birthday Kate's birthday and
Calvin's birthday and I'm so I'm in the
description I'll make sure to put all
the little videos below so you guys can
see all their fun birthdays but Olivia I
want to know what your favorite thing
about Boston is what are we doing oh
asking
what's your favorite thing about Boston
I hear thing is about Boston is how cute
he at places like low and
oh that's a good one
different doesn't mean it's not cute
it's so cute you know
oh that is really sweet what Cody sure
what's your favorite thing about Boston
pulling apart you liked going to the
park today yes it's a good thing about
Boston Boston was the favorite thing
about yourself what's your favorite
thing about yourself
oh oh oh she inspired by my camp chair
and drink yes can't fire in a drink
yep that's his little chair over there I
want to know your favorite part about
Boston oh yeah
this guy makes me feel feel fulfilled
like I mean all of our kids to be like
like he loves you like he's your little
buddy he's my little guy yeah
you're my little niece oh I don't know
he makes me feel really good
I have singed hair yeah I won't focus
man see chair since there smells like LA
do you have a favorite thing about
Boston
I like how I just like it's nothing
yeah I like how to you the game and
you're with like one foot like we're
spent with this toy all day or like a
get together look at nothing like the
boys do all water play it's just come
stompy doing it by like 20 bucks yeah
right now okay family Boston just pretty
awesome intake so you can pick one out
my favorite thing about Boston is that
he is very teachable ish the
three-year-olds I say that because when
he was a baby he screamed he was a
screamer
Ellie and Jared would go home and they'd
be like oh my gosh Boston is
terrible when I worked with them worked
with him worked with him and he stopped
screaming he but he would bite his nails
quite a bit and we worked with him
worked with him worked with him and now
he doesn't bite his nose anyway I have I
have it's time to end the vlog you got
it from your mama did you see what I got
here
I thought it was your baby
alright now it's officially time to
close blog thank you guys so much for
spending this time with us have
celebrating Boston's birthday we all had
a really great day we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye guys
