and YouTube headquarters context in
there working hard from 6-10 then back
again
we made it to San Francisco and our
meetings don't start until tomorrow and
so there's two things that we wanted to
do today first one is stopping at alamo
park to visit the Painted Ladies if you
don't know what that is we're gonna show
you then the second is to go to the
Golden Gate Bridge if you don't know
what the Painted Ladies are and you did
not grow up in the 90s
yeah did you grow up watching full house
hello come on cut it Wow I don't know
the middle part I just know Mary Kate
and Ashley Olsen love them
we had a few uber drivers tell us where
to go what to do - Rhett be able to rent
a bike and the last uber driver had no
idea where he was going what he was
doing so now we're stuck walking like 15
20 minutes even talking to you when
nothing is to become
doing this is cool are you mad at me for
running in the rain it got a little
stressful for like packs or a little
paranoid that's okay
Jules favorite part
June
when you
like get some
it's too
and so we go running straight into the
way I have heard that the heavens favor
the
we're too late to say
open
shoot
five
it's to die when the small
hands are like like literally I can't
move them like that's not even a joke
like oh they're so froze and our uber
driver had the air-conditioning just
like blowing in our clothes wet hair and
like we're gonna go get in the hot tub
and warm up and we're going to resume
this party with you guys in the morning
when we go to YouTube headquarters hi
guys
public fart noise my shield oh I was
like see in the morning yo anything else
um anchovy anyone didn't know those were
coming on the salad lightning totally
sucks when we show you the outfit that
I'm wearing to YouTube headquarters
today this is it that's what they're
getting and Joel is wearing this all I
guess they're gonna love it give him any
more oh my okay I was just gonna say I'm
having fun with you I'm glad we're here
together maybe like to get the camera
round on the table
yes I don't want to classify bloggers as
being like roads sometimes I feel really
rude like my camera up in people's face
and like pulling it out sometimes at not
like the most opportune moments but I
really want to get like a shot for you
guys you know I don't know I think
sometimes where we're willing to have
been
you're safe you should think of monssai
haircuts Joel the only place you can go
to get those I seriously want to go in
that van and get a haircut
coming in here the doors are like
lockdown they've got security up glad
they liked us and it was pretty um it
was pretty cool anything you walk in
there's a front area and over here
they've got four huge TVs that I'll have
YouTube videos playing all the time and
one of the people that work here at
YouTube headquarters sent me an email
and they were like um look who's playing
he had taken pictures of colonised
videos they were playing here at YouTube
which is so funny because it's like I
know that people watch our videos but
knowing that our videos were here at
headquarters playing I was like oh my
taking a break from one of our meetings
this is their backyard I guess you could
say it's gorgeous out here I'm here look
at this this is inside of YouTube
headquarters and Bonnie's on the big
screen not me
hey I'm on the TV I know and it's not my
own so that's cool
brain is being very artsy on the virtual
reality over there phone call from my
babysitter and Kody just split his head
open they've got to go in and get him
stitches so I'm trying to find Jared's
phone over so that they can go can
hopefully have Jared take him into the
hospital to get stitches I'm like so sad
that I'm here and he I can just picture
what's happening right now
the hardest part I'm not there to help
him and he's going through it by himself
I know Cody is fine I know that they
will get it taken care of I think that
Brees husband is going to meet up with
Jared
Jarrod's gonna go into the hospital with
Cody just so he feels like a little more
comfortable like I'm sick to my stomach
but I'm not home with him gonna be
alright I know he's fine but I think he
would like like it if we were there
obviously but
see him in a few hours you're gonna go
to the doctors and get it taken care of
hey I love you I'll come wake you up
when I get home okay you can stay up you
can do whatever you want tonight if you
want to stay up you can you guys I'm
gonna close the vlog here we have
literally had the best weekend if you
guys want to see some awesome details
that didn't make it to the vlog make
sure you follow me on Instagram if you
guys want an update on Cody's situation
as badly as I need an update on Cody's
situation make sure you watch tomorrow's
vlog hey guys hey guys
turn this city upside down are you ready
now working hard from 6:00
