come here you guys come here
Boston wait come here her a present
yes that's what I was just gonna say
Boston yes hey Boston can work and don't
picture
daddy using a picture with Russell up
there aren't chat but we can't make her
present better we can't do anything else
I want to know it is almost 8 o'clock at
cakes per desk a Kate's birthday it's
Kate's birthday on Monday so Boston Kate
and Calvin AllShare birthday on Monday
but Aunt Emily is celebrating early so
today is he as long as a new bike um
that's not how you'd like to she's good
yeah ha ha bye she's been again then you
can bounce chest and laughter daddy is
still asleep
um awesome just don't practice I also
just fight practice that up on all the
coffee table now I'm trying to tell you
what we're going to do today we have a
little babysitter coming over this
morning
Natalia and Victoria are going to come
over and babysit and you guys love when
they come over don't you because they're
really nice aren't they are you gonna go
buy a present and me and daddy might do
a little birthday shopping for a little
certain someone on Monday older and then
when we get home we're gonna go down to
Kate's house where you're gonna die on
the Victoria I got my Harold but you're
gonna tell them you cracked your head
open
yeah Elvis her my face and that you want
to give her some of our fish snacks yeah
so you put one of those in there I have
a little
snack I bought a little treat for her
and you guys can all find you a piece of
paper and I'll find you some stuff to
color with and you guys make her a fun
card can you do the house
yeah we can also make us something then
turn back covered by Lincoln's door huh
we'll get by Lincoln but okay birthday
does that sound like a fun day should we
go look at the rain kids did not come
upstairs until eight o'clock so I said
on my chair watched you two in the dark
and listened to the rain well come on
come on look oh my hand can we just go
fire um no is it well it might be easier
but it probably doesn't I was your
choice than that uh-huh should we stand
here and watch the rain oh it feels so
good Joel and I slept with the windows
open um
the boys went four-wheeling yesterday
probably can't really see look how this
just pretty is just smells good what do
you guys think you like looking at the
rain yeah I don't I'm not use just like
it was weird about me sometimes when I
it's not like I'm not used to putting my
bike by the gate and this one here
Olivia's number one pet peeve is when
her bike seat gets wet huh really cool
you don't want your blankie to get wet
okay we won't take it out there then
Lincoln did not pee through his jammies
his jammies are barely even damned I
went in and this is all out of his
diaper and it was all over his head I
don't even know how he grabbed it
it this is horrifying this stuff from
his diapers everyone you had such a big
mess to clean up today you wanna fight
dirty and guess what there was like
these little things yes see your cute
toes is Olivia Thomas
slash it's about my favorite few people
mentioned his purple feet in purple
hands ever since he was born he's had
really poor circulation he's not cold
I mean sometimes he's called but like he
just got out of a hot bathtub rub him
down with lotion and he's still kind of
purple so it's just him I just found
this in Olivia's room and we just wonder
what was going through her little girly
mind when she was making such a creation
for her little dolls oh that makes me
happy let's see we have another creation
right here that I haven't even looked at
home oops I'm breaking it yep wonder
what she was thinking
don't you be getting any ideas over
there little mister don't you dare be
getting any ideas Yeah right look at
these three sitting here staring
drooling
Cody won't even break focus he's like
yes good morning you guys
it is Saturday we have a babysitter we
are out and about and we're actually out
not for us we're out for mr. Wade's
birthday we're shopping for his birthday
BW Boston widows birthday and I can't be
more excited because Boston likes a lot
of the things I liked as a kid he likes
trucks and trailers look at that one
Vaughn look at that one
that one's cute yeah and he likes he
likes Tonka trucks and he he likes to
move koni koni never played with the
Tonka trucks very much but Boston does
yeah Cody's he likes it but not quite
the way Boston does and Boston will get
on the floor and he'll just run a car
back and forth just to look at the tires
roll on the carpet and I remember doing
that all the time as a kid that's like
the most simple toy but I love that
that's like a Lincoln toy no I love it
that's a Lincoln Roy plain Lincoln Roy
yeah why he needs more manly in their
shirt today me are you man I'm manly
mine's more manly did you show him your
little alleys oh yeah yeah oh it looks
worse today no no I made him go to the
dermatologist dermatologist Holly jeast
I made him go to the dermatologist
office he had those look I'm over here
Joe what you're right there
well I mean I like the way those look
over there looks nice you got those
little things for another stage look at
Elsa and Anna in this place that is like
the most horrifying looking Elsa and
Anna I've ever seen
oh my word was like a scary so things
got pretty tense for birthday shopping
six leaf things got a little tense were
birthday shopping I cried at one point
he couldn't find what we were looking
for and for Boston and I never wait to
the last minute first stuff like this
like I never do this like I usually have
my Amazon order by like the first of the
month is since my closet purpose I just
I'm a little frustrated
but we're getting lunch and the hanger
will go away and in your home angriness
yeah
see all the lint on the bottom of Joel's
go I I thought water was coming out and
ice came shooting out and make up to my
festivities I call take that you want to
know why were in the worst mood what our
checker at Walmart
there is one checker at Walmart that we
avoid like the plague she's the funniest
person I've ever met in my entire
we're Estella we got in line it was a
shorter line like right before we were
starting to be checked out they saw
shifts and it was a team checker came on
Joel they looked at each other here like
come here for a second whose birthday
are we celebrating today nobody nobody
is how about yours how old are you how
old are you going to be you are three
years old and you're going to be four
and I see a whole bunch of presents
behind you this is Kay and she shares a
birthday with Boston and Calvin
no don't you even dare no you do not
even dare she came requested that
everyone has birthday have and you
wanted to make sure that we know we get
to take them home don't we yes we all
you Yuri gifted some wrapping paper
today for that's so cute I'm so excited
we've just had a ton of presents a ton
of brevet oh my gosh a goldfish geo do
you know what look look
uncle Bobo and Emily and Kate got you a
present birthday's coming up isn't you
want to open a present look they got you
a present
you want to open it let's see what it is
open it up open it up
this is so sweet you guys
what is it oh you Turkey no no what is
it looks water in it and then you can
color on these pages 15 just open and in
it and it colors oh come fetch dr. Jose
Oh perfect
what can you tell them what is this mile
with yes it really was
yes that's for you mommy okay we will
may be on the drive home it is that it
oh really you I love it thank you guys
white boy that means stop drop and roll
listen to the Tommy sings here sick
Tommy time quite lately
who's Tommy where's Tommy grandpa
Boston's Tommy
grandpa you used to call your dad his
dad of your cuts Rock him Tommy I never
called him Tommy
that's Boston's new name man no it's
Chuck Clark
I'm gonna say goodbye now okay I don't
want to go either
bye bye Tommy I love you too back window
you love grandpa I love your hat don't
you go to sleep bye sweetheart love you
we get a big tweet oh my finger hmm well
you guys we are just dropping my dad off
and we are heading home so we are gonna
call it a night we hope you guys have a
really good day and we'll see you in our
next video bye guys
