well you're gonna look at two hands mom
are you old enough to hold it with one
hand
yep good morning guys so today what we
are doing is I am getting dressed for
the sewing party at my school we're
already dressed
well I'm dressed like we're getting my
hair done this morning cuz we are really
needing to get stuff done today today's
a busy day for me and I think for mom
and for everybody what why is it so busy
for you has they gotta do in the morning
we have reading groups and I gotta go on
the bus there and it was where password
and power are you gonna tell them they
don't know weird I'm gonna make sure you
put some look on because um cuz they're
my paper said that we gotta bring um
some towels coarser silence it why
wouldn't your so Suze I'd be good and
some block cuz you're my cat summer and
the teachers are not allowed to put it
on the kids so we have to be yeah but
only if the ones that you can't put on
yourself you can bring oh really yeah
but I don't know how to do that one
really me I'm not like good somewhat
person huh there's a reason I don't know
well I hope you have an awesome day
hanging ever
I almost said terrible I almost said
Carol when I met awesome
I couldn't lb mile in Oakley
I was so excited to get up and go to the
gym this morning and I went into a new
class couldn't do it couldn't keep up
left cried
tried working out on my own got
embarrassed and then left
I know total pity party and when you
have a pity party you come to your
sister's and men that's just what you do
well thanks for cheering me up little
man your mommy's upstairs changing
Calvin see
Piper you can I have a hug goodbye oh
yeah can you give me hugs the buyer I'm
going on from Ellie's house I called
Julie what I stopped at Ellie's -
problem was gone for two hours and I was
like oh she's working having a third day
at the gym I know she's got to stop
ridiculous outrageous and Julie and I
were talking about how she was telling
me some fruit dip that she was making
our fruit salad she's making and it
sounded so good and she's like I like
getting ideas from people's vlog felt
like what to eat so I thought I'd show
you guys my life ya wanna keep not doing
it we got it you gotta eat all the
strawberries bud yeah these kids are
just going to town on a pile of
strawberries okay show us something you
don't want the buffalo sauce so come
look at this this is just a rotisserie
chicken with okay I have to tell you the
kind of sauce I use because I've used
the other brands and they're not good my
fridge is about horrifying I'm sure this
is the Franks red hot wings buffalo
sauce I tried other buffalo sauce in
their number anyway and then in the past
we've used blue cheese dressing and I
don't like blue cheese dressing I like
blue cheese curds
so we have our lettuce a little bit of
cole slaw you don't have to have a
coleslaw it's just overkill anyway you
can put these in little sandwiches too
or you can do a buffalo chicken I don't
even know what I'm saying can you see
what I'm doing
listen amazing it really is yummy and
it's not heavy it's simple but it's
simple I don't get me please leave me be
that drawer is outrageous look at that
thing
yeah show please show I was planning on
showing them but I don't need you over
my shoulder while I'm doing it please go
hey I was just gonna show you guys my
secret drawer and Joel comes up behind
me and he's like oh you go through that
drawer I'm like just my secret drawer
secret how does it a secret short so I
have this extra this is called my extras
drawer when I buy things I like to buy
things in two just so
I don't run out of things so I have all
kinds of things in here like I have
extra eyelashes like a lot of extra
eyelashes and extra eyebrow pencil and a
whole bunch of like um like shampoo
conditioner SPF 50 that's what I'm
looking for today for Olivia d'arnot um
anyway like my cleanser that I fill up
my small bottle with just like all kinds
of different stuff I wonder if he's been
crying this whole time I've been talking
or do you just start crying just anyway
I came in here I have like extra lotion
just like everything there's so much
weird random stuff in here not weird
it's all like makeup and hair and that
kind of stuff painting so um this right
here is what I was looking for I knew I
had an extra clear shower liner and we
used to have our water until we redid
our basement and redid our furnace and
all that stuff and now we have soft
water so I don't think that the shower
curtain will get as bad but I'm going to
replace that this tub has not been
cleaned for a month it hasn't been
cleaned for over a month and so like
around the thing is getting grinding I
usually don't like toys upstairs in my
bathroom and just like it's just like a
hot mess and so I went to I mean the
kids you can see like the mirror it's
just everything so I went to the store
and I bought a bunch of things to clean
deep clean my shower I have to be
careful what I clean my shower with
because it's a natural stone it's called
travertine and you don't want to ruin it
so you have to be careful what you put
on it these are the things that guys
recommend it to me so hopefully those
will do the trick and I'm just excited
to get my bathroom in like aw ha can you
say hello to everybody
Susie hi
we're gonna leave right here by mama
well I change fish I work her in here we
go should do that gonna smell good smell
good my sister Julie actually washes her
shower curtains in the washing machine
and they turn out really well I've
already washed that other one once or
twice I wanted to get a nice fresh one
what are you saying you change your
bottle mister I almost never clean my
shower with an actual cleaner I usually
just use um a squeegee and when I'm done
showering I just squeegee it down and I
dry everything up really good when I'm
done and I never clean clean it with a
cleaner anyway there's I've just been
getting these like spots in the shower
that I feel like just need a little
extra cleaner attention
oh my word it was the meter oh that's
for me I like this here me doesn't that
just look so much sparkly better I you
never think that I would have such a
excitement over cleaning my bathroom
anyway um this was so disgusting and I
thought about showing you the before and
I was like they don't need to see that
and this is the cover that goes on it
and the inside is just really really
kinky so I'm going to clean that out and
then extra things that I'm doing in here
like if we look up the wall okay you
can't see it but there is like a layer
of dust I don't know if it's because the
fan is right there but I'm gonna go
through and wipe down my walls it just
feels so good to get one room that's all
I want I just want one room done and I
swear it company's coming over I'm like
I bypass everything make sure my
bathroom is clean that's just what I do
bless Joel's sweet little heart he is
outside mowing the lawn and he came in
for I don't know like a drink or
something for the kids or something and
I was like trying to clean the bathroom
trying to hold the baby and he's like
here let me take him yes I'll find Jess
snack oh why are you such a sweet boy
both of you you just hanging out mowing
the lawn with a baby thank you for
holding him has he been happy I like you
you boys having fun
what you doing out here has dad had to
get mad at you
did dad yell at you Wow with a nice
daddy the lawn looks really good Joel
looks wonderful actually
hi baby you what does you want you want
to slap bugs that's awesome no lie
cleaning this out was actually
horrifying like so horrifying that was
so bad well Boston and gyula not for
rent
and I'm Connie little snack and um I get
a little pile for me and Boston I'll get
a few there's only a video and Boston
kazoo so add well there's only one
orange night I did it three random
awesome
so Boston gets you on I get to I can
feel up yours that's his own
everyone
mom that doggone I feel starving I don't
really know what we're having for dinner
we have a car full of crap and we're
gonna go home and still have nothing to
eat we got baby food dryer sheets more
baby food fruit snacks and John I
thought these were good snacks for us to
snack on prunes
Janey's dried mangoes and teriyaki hey
that's pretty much the gist of it now
what's for dinner Car of the Year kids
of the year I literally don't know what
they're doing how are you doing
did we have a rough time at the grocery
store and what did you say next time
okay you guys speak loud so I got you do
me a good release door and you said next
time obviously next time I'll be a good
boy
that's what we're going to do next time
because we had a rough time this time
and you said next time I'll be a good
boy and I said you promise
you want a pinkie promise okay
you go play in the backyard and I'll
bring some dinner run man run hey
well we're gonna have dinner not snacks
facematch okay run in the backyard and
play with Olivia Cody go
dad's not quite ready so we're gonna
wait for daddy
is it good manners to touch your food no
do we drink our drinks yet no we wait
for daddy fold your arms cohhd cohhd
fold your arms Olivia
fold your arms wait for dad today was
the best day
why did you had your swim party you had
so much hey maybe he's got dicey on oh
no no Boston don't touch let him be okay
to say a prayer I was just gonna say
well when I was pulling a cat
I was going to say it's kind of hard to
walk it's hard to know what to vlog when
things aren't going smoothly like today
was a very stressful hectic day and I
felt like what am I said I haven't
really ran into this to too much because
I'm not full-time but I really think
about like being for the vlog every
single day it's like if you're having a
bad day it's like you don't want to show
like bad stuff and that's not positive
to watch but it can get a little rough
sometimes I'm proud that we came home
and made like a homemade dinner
no we it was I would kind of want to
just to just get people at Sam's Club
for a dollar fifty of the soda but I'm
glad we're home we're gonna sit down
hope okay sit down and calm down Shh no
Cody Cody Cody I want everyone to sit
down and calm down good
can you guys say good night for a say
good night to everybody here I know nice
Paddy's Day
thank you guys so much for watching
we'll see tomorrow is because tastes
good
