hey goggle boy are you my goggle boy
yeah I think you put your shorts on
wrong is is your pooper halt hey Boston
Wade oh did you take your diaper off
again oh did you take your diaper off
again I don't think there's a diaper in
there that's a soft squishy bum go play
go play go play okay that's weird how am
I supposed to get ready when you keep
crawling up on things and hurting
yourself look at this bruise right here
I guess you can't really see it you'll
see it through the day he crawls up on
things and then he falls straight down
and yesterday he was doing this and stru
up on his feet you crazy animal you
Lincoln Lincoln hello hey I know yes
you're getting more vocal and active
grab your cards let's do some cross love
that oh sorry me 19:21 come here we're
not done yet
we really need a love that
okay me guy I got her legs come on man
dang it
no no no get out of next fire me that
last one might have been mine Batman
what a mirror god
yes Batman spider-man's got there oh all
right we got one more set of everything
two more yeah three four five six
why are you scaling in the mirror
turn around him look at me he does not
like this which I just hurried to his
hair like I didn't make it perfect like
you slip on him funny I kinda stopped
touching it he thinks his hair doesn't
look good today
alright you guys good morning we are in
Salt Lake City and I'm all smiles Joe
might be annoyed with me because we have
made this trip already before so what we
are doing is we are picking out the
countertop for our kitchens I picked out
the Carrara marble because nothing is as
pretty as Carrara marble
nothing nothing compares the stuff
that's supposed to look similar to it
does not look similar to it and there's
just nothing compares to it I think it's
beautiful beautiful beautiful but as I'm
home
thinking about it thinking about how I'm
going to be realistically using it I
know that you have to be careful with it
I know how to take care of it I feel
like if anyone can manage it and take
care of it
that's me like I can do it do I really
want to is this my forever kitchen like
I just don't know if it's gonna be the
smartest idea and my pride is like you
are gonna do it you are gonna prove
people that you can take care of it and
I'm just not gonna let my pride get in
the way because history shows us that
that's just not smart so we are here all
the shoes on let's put your shoes on
hold on I heard the bus and shoes on
here ya know sit down please the bitches
hey hop on out code go where bye daddy
look we're almost ready my you purse you
oh you ready I'll go the other way
let's go you fell asleep on the way here
you ready to go in go on so what we're
doing now is we're coming to look at any
of the wider Granite's I know there is a
handful of different options and I'm
just going to get out of my mind the
look of the Carrara marble that's all I
want
when I have looked at white kitchens the
only ones that I love is that Carrara
marble but we're just gonna see if we
can find something that will work
because I just want the more I want the
durability of the granite so I really
hope we can find something that I'm
gonna like made perfect oh you're ready
to go right yeah let's go do you guys
like all their matching shirts that is
very nice right yeah right okay we
called each other last night you want to
hold my hand Boston no yep that's what I
thought
traitor i birthed you so this is called
thunder white okay so this is a granite
we'll see so this is the marble right
yep this is a marble that I want this is
the you can see the difference I mean
maybe you guys don't think so
but this is the what doesn't quartz so
this is the quartz and this one's the
marble ah okay
you know I think I can do that I think I
could do that
we'll see what okay so this is called
summit white granite I could maybe get
on board with summit white it is a
little bit darker but
kind of nice so at this particular
location they're not going to have the
kids back there which is probably smart
so we're just hanging out in the foyer
trying to keep the kids happy and the
baby safe you got to be careful with
them no no no no you got to be careful
with the baby let's see if we can see
that bruise look at that he was climbing
up on something totally fell bonked his
little head I don't think I've ever
heard you cry that much he loved his
little lace he's happy you're happy
aren't Jeff okay is that what you're
trying to do is put the brakes on okay
stop for one second Kody take the brakes
off take the brakes off Boston this is
Mama's little baby and you can't be
rough with them okay be soft okay there
we go
this is kind of what I'm decided look at
his face he's just he's so over this
okay what I'm thinking is I'm just like
I feel sick about not doing the model
because of the way it looks but what I'm
thinking is that I just keep comparing
them side to side but I think when I
walk into the kitchen and if there's a
quartz countertop I think it's still
gonna look pretty yes y'all it looks
like it'll still look pretty like it
just it's just not quite the same so
it's gonna be this but instead of the
beige veins it's gonna be gray it was
kind of what I'm thinking so what do you
think I like this I like this I'm more
comfortable with it I'm haven't scared
about ruining our counter oh yeah this
is gonna ruin and people I like and
trust in life have the same step okay I
think that's what we're gonna go with is
the quartz it doesn't stain much much
more durable I can slide a pan across
that is that was my changing point yes I
was picking the other day and I had my
cookie sheet and I kind of slid it and I
thought if I if I have the marble it
would be it was completely scratch it I
just mean what look at some on me some
more gummies yeah kids are ready to go
kids are ready to go I'm ready to go so
okay okay let's go sit down do you see
those fishies
those are pretty cool aren't they that's
pretty cool isn't it
you like seeing those no okay let's go
sit on the right you cannot smoke the
smile off my face I'll try it every
single time you come through roy area i
want to eat a abc's you this is just
where my family and i have always gone
anyway we love it it's the best Chinese
food you can possibly get
Joel gets very sick of it I do not and I
told you all I told you one is he do
that and he picked out Red Robin which I
was totally fine
which I was totally fine mental and then
I know he's getting off on the ROI exit
oh oh oh that's this is not the Addams
Family that is not the king it is
Lincoln that is him I've worked my hand
just seriously just came up just like do
you think that tastes nutty thumb this
is exactly why we've come here fast
tasting food best tasting food
Lincoln is on his second green being and
what's your favorite thing that you're
eating today you like the noodles and
Boston I think likes the sweet sour
chicken don't you play you like the baby
corns too good I'm so glad you guys like
it do you know that if you were not
behaving well we would not bring you
here do you know that so you got to
behave right down what this will calm me
down this will calm you down
Oh Lincoln Lincoln say yes clock
look at him clap his hands link and say
yay I came down here to check on Olivia
and to lay her clothes out for her
because she loves when I come to lay her
clothes up for her and guess what well
besides all her junk that she piles in
her bed you get out here she's already
you get out here you little stink no I
want to know why are you already dressed
they don't want to get this in the
morgue
how many people do you think do that get
dressed at night and go to sleep
so they don't have to get dressed in the
morning well I don't I used to run I was
little I knew it you are so lucky you
get to go to a swimming party but I may
not wear this I might wear these and why
did I put my goggles in there that's a
good idea to bring your swim goggles are
you excited
come here come here well we're open
for a warm weight not matter I don't
think that looks weird I think that
looks super super cool and it matches
your outfit
why do you some like cotton candy ate
two bowls of ice cream you got ice cream
for dinner because her tooth is falling
out you why is that is it for the night
we are going to say good night to you
and we'll see you guys tomorrow I was
pulling out her tooth
