hey guys today I have Malia with me I
met Malia at CVX live and I fell so
freaking in love with her this second
well first of all she's pretty you're
always drawn to pretty ponies and I
talked to her for maybe five minutes
mm-hmm and I was just like you need to
be my friend we need to get together she
tell me tell everyone about yourself
just a little bit oh okay so I've been a
blogger for almost six and a half years
so really really long time and I needed
a way to be able to show people visually
like how to do some things or how to
save money on vacations or trips or at
the grocery store or budgeting wise so I
decided to start a YouTube channel at
the end of January so now I'm doing the
YouTube side of things answering all the
steps of everybody so that's what I do
which is so cool because I I would love
to learn how to save money doing things
and now we're friends so I can help her
and she she's a fountain of youth when
it comes to money saving and that is
where I lack I have no idea how to get
deals and that's she's amazing at it all
I do I agree I live in great deals like
I can't spend full price or pay full
price for anything so you see why I like
her yeah so a common ground that Malia
and I share is our love of makeup and we
thought let's do a video together and
share our favorite things I didn't have
a cute bag so I like shoved everything
in my purse I'm just gonna start it down
here buying it cause it's huge okay it
doesn't fit in my bag so I have multiple
bags that's okay it's fun it's this is
visual candy Jenny okay we're gonna
start my foundation okay ready 1 2 3
blow okay little bit different okay um
tell me what yours is first okay
I absolutely yes it's the Too Faced Born
This Way Foundation it's in the shade
snow I don't know if you have our ruk
off you have color in your huh yeah
you've got some good color I'm very very
pale as you can see this is the best
color okay what I love is the temptu
airbrush machine guys this is legit I
love this thing I love it so much that
I've been using it for four years and no
matter what else
I always come back to this so basically
you have little pods few guys that come
in different colors so this one I think
is sand love this thing and I can't get
enough of it so that's what I use it
intimidates me thinking about trying it
but do you is it easier to get used to
anything okay so there is a learning
curve I'm not gonna lie but after like a
week or two of using it it's so easy to
use we're doing lip gloss yes okay we're
just funny because so this is my glosses
that we're both wearing today and they
are so similar
my first these are the anastacio a
Beverly Hills what God had never tried
those that's really pretty though they
are the most pigmented lip gloss I've
ever tried they're not sticky I don't
feel like they bleed and easy on your
lips and they smell super super good
stuff that's what I'll tell you if she's
lying her oh no like berry but yeah I
like them okay all right this is
something I got I didn't even mean to
buy this and that's why I love it even
more
I didn't need to buy it it's Jane
Iredale and I don't even know what the
color name is I'm really sorry so just
take a look sit yours gone this is one
of those lip glosses you love so much
and it's totally broken and it's like
breaking off in pieces but you still use
it I'm the reason I like it is because
it has a color on this side and then
this side is like a setting gloss it's
almost like if you put like a setting
spray for makeup it's almost like that
for your lips so it would stay on it
stays on a really long time so I like it
and sometimes I pull this wand out and
use it on top of other colors really so
yeah okay let's do mascara okay ready
okay okay
oh I don't know yours this is okay this
is the L'Oreal telescopic mascara I have
you so you never tried no I've never
even seen it okay it has a teeny tiny
wand and a lot of people use it for
their bottom lashes but I don't have big
long eyelashes and so I like this
I don't know I just liked it it's what I
feel and I like drugstore brands
drugstore rabbit super cheap ok so I
found this by mistake - I feel like all
the things like minor by mistake but
things all you see is this which is the
very real mascara by benefit it's $24 so
it's not cheap mascara and I really
really did like it but it's not
waterproof and I have a thing about
wearing waterproof mascara because I
think it works better when you curl
eyelashes it stays on better and of
course you never know when you're gonna
cry
so you need to be prepared anyway so I
tried this on I needed to grab
waterproof mascara before we're going to
Lake Powell and I was like I don't care
what it is ASCO store but the reason why
I bought this was because of the wand
and it's just super super shiny but look
how tiny the little the little mines are
often inton so I think it does a really
good job and I've just loved it ever
since and you can't I mean it was like 5
or 6 bucks like that compared to this I
just feel like it's kind of a no-brainer
so as much as I love this this still
wins out and it's better price so I love
it we're doing highlighter ready yes one
two three okay have you ever used
mary-lou manizer I've never even heard
of okay this is called mary lou manizer
by the balm and i felt kind of guilty
not guilty pulling this one out but it
was really hard for me to choose I love
highlighter mm-hmm I just need you to
swatch this so you can see it it is so
making it a little more oh wow it alone
I love it pretty you know it's not
sparkly no it's not sorry
good that's why I love it because there
is it's not sparkly in the laces so
where did you find this I did you buy it
online um we got it like a Sephora no
and I they don't usually carry this too
often is it a lot of people probably
don't have it yeah okay so it's my
absolutely cool okay so like I said I
use my airbrush machine with my
highlighter but I also really like this
Bobbi Brown yes it broke not thrown away
because it was expensive but I
like it this one is the shimmer brick
compact in bronze really so and it comes
to lots of different color so you can
think like what color scheme you like
better and I even have a pink one
I'm sorry sorry it's broken her makeups
like all beautifully and clean and
mine's like broken in pieces and I'm
still using no she travelled to me so I
had the morning and my makeup was so
dirty so I went through and wiped each
one of my things so I'm like man they
know if they if they don't like me
because I make us not clean then I
probably shouldn't that's awesome do you
have anything like BB cream or like CC
cream that was the one thing that I
don't have okay let's see because I I
just never tried one but that is the one
I want to try yes okay if I ever did one
we're talking about BB cream yes or
actually this is CC cream guys this has
literally changed my life I knew it okay
it's changed my life I can't even tell
you so as you get older you're something
and changes just the tiny bits and I
used to be I used to get away with not
wearing as much makeup because my skin
was healthy and youthful and glowing
wonderful but now that I'm getting older
I need some help and the CC stands for
color correcting so this stuff is by a
cosmetics and I tried it because
everyone was talking about it saying it
was amazing it truly is it's so good my
sister Ellie has used it I've wanted to
try it my sister Julie uses it I don't
know why every time I go to the store I
just don't buy it I'm gonna go to the
store and buy it you have to buy it and
the thing that I like about it is so
right now I'm using a mix of the two my
medium in my light because I'm not dark
enough for this and too dark for this
but um the thing I like about it is it's
enough coverage for a lot of people out
there to just wear it by themselves so
they don't actually need a foundation on
top of it I typically wear a foundation
on top of it because I like more
coverage but in the summer it was all
I'm wearing hmmm this is the mascara a
little bit of blush you're good to go
they come in travel sizes too so if
you're not ready to like go for this buy
which i think is like 30 something
dollars you can get the travel sizes
like this size instead I just tell you
yeah I have my favorites I have so many
foundations I just want a little little
that's perfect yes I'm buying the travel
size perfect alright so one thing I
wanna make sure
for all of you guys who don't know you
need to be using the Ulta coupons okay
are you using multiple phones okay bad
okay so also always has a coupon on
their main page of their site you can
pull it up on your phone and show it a
checkout oh nice so you can show that
they change all the time you also need
to sign up for rewards program because
what they're doing now which is awesome
is there letting you use the points that
you earn on anything in the entire store
so now you're like regular like
drugstore side make up too high and make
up you earn points and then you just get
turn on use amass cash don't forget all
of these products that we've been
talking about they will be linked in the
description down below
let's do climb on okay
I'm excited to see what she has because
we have the same skin type I have to
know ready ready one two three
pretty good that's pretty close we both
chose the Smashbox primers mine is the
hydrating one mhmmm in mine is just a
regular photo finish hmm I tried the
hydrating one and I didn't feel like it
primed as well like it didn't really do
much yeah I didn't do as much as I
wanted so I went back to this there's
also something else I've been trying
that I really like and it cosmetics can
you see a pattern happening here it
smells amazing and that's one the reason
I like it well it's cereal it smells
nice it's most clean it smells almost
like great fruity I want to say but this
is also it's called the serum collagen
veil anti-aging primer so if anti-aging
has I can get 50-plus
SPF on it and it's a primer and it's so
it like does everything so sometimes I
use this and stuff I want to try that
truth be told do I feel like this is
amazing it's okay like it's fine but
most the time I just don't even use it
because I don't really know if I see a
huge difference between the two I want
to try the it cosmetics one do it and if
you guys didn't know Ulta will take back
make them if you don't like it yeah so -
I'll buy it and if you like it take it
back this is so fun I feel like I
learned
but what she likes I like that we have
the same skin type like has dry
skin I feel like I have really dry skin
so it's kind of fun to see what you use
thank you so much for being again on my
channel so we still have more items in
our bags but we are going to finish
revealing these products on Malia's
channel so I'm gonna have a link in the
description so go click on it watch the
rest of our products on her channel and
learn learn from her channel she has so
much wisdom on her Channel
make sure to subscribe to her and we'll
see you guys in our next video bye guys
bye
