good morning everybody we are out
spending our Saturday get some chores
done me and Boston are out washing the
car and getting some gas and Saturday is
a special day it's the day you get ready
for Sunday we're gonna get a little
treat and get some gas and get our car
wash a note again there's four find a
treat but go Boston that way go run run
run go find your treat go go go
he knows where he's going he's cute
little red tongs we went and got all the
kids some new summer shoes to just kind
of destroy and something that's
breathable and washable whatnot and we
got those shoes and he loves them of
course that's what you want then what
happened to the days of like penny
candies where they want to just all take
like two tutorials dead and I'll be
satisfied no they want an airplane or an
eyeball or a helicopter okay now go down
look spray the car spray the car keep
walking keep walking yeah yeah but
you're not pretty much in anything but
look spray come here hold it
oh yeah look paint it Legazpi paint the
car pink paint it pink spray the mirror
in the window
I honestly don't care if he just sprays
that one tire for 20 minutes he's so
happy and I something about all of our
kids have beautiful eyes they all have
Barney's eyes separately but he's got
mine but Boston's the white of his eyes
are are visible like his big eyes until
you get to see the whites of his eyes
and when I see those just light up oh I
don't know some about that boy let's see
give me a smile yeah
zip on
those little Tom's got some tom-toms
alright we've done the pre-wash I always
do this it's probably a little bit of
overkill but that's what I like to do
I've done the pre-wash and now we're
just in the real wash and my little
sidekick is sticking up sitting up front
because we're just in the carwash soon
as we get out I put them in the back
seat
what do you call show me here undo the
button oh it's an airplane treat yep
that's what you got huh
has treats in it yeah they'll have some
of those later maybe huh his little feet
his little body I love this little boy
this is and it's an airplane well we're
taking these out Boston because grandma
Meachem wants him and we're getting rid
of him
we're gonna trash all of him anyway so
she said she wanted us so we're gonna
give him to her we do that I think so we
gotta get we gotta get a dose like a new
ones of those okay we gotta get ready
for the cold storage
this
Oh oh my god I made matching shirts
that's so funny I just came out here to
show you what Joe was doing and these
guys showed up
hey this is perfect timing what fun you
are dressed and ready for this
let's go no I'm not I'm in my rub at
least my makeups done yet
you guys that looks awesome I am so
excited
what is your mom gonna do with them here
no idea no I always liked red let's go
help Joel did he seems like okay what do
we do
I love the Jared's on the prowl
I want to show you guys whose shoes he
has a new pair of red Tom's and you have
a new pair of red tongs till we bought
them first and always copy you know what
I was gonna say is we copy each other
wicked everything and I guess I just
don't even think of it as copying like
people I cuz I think I've seen comments
or people say things like oh you guys
are copying each other and I'm like well
of course we're gonna do everything the
same we love every we like all the same
stuff Olivia and I are having a little
predate to mine and Joel's day we're
having like a mommy-daughter day huh
we are going to go paint our nails I
want to see how cute you look
are you excited you look so cute over
there well not your be a goo because I
turn the camera on
you just pay attention to her she looks
so sweet over there so rachel sitting
here doing my hair and she said do you
remember the first time you brought
Olivia in to get your nails done and
like I don't remember I've been coming
to you for how long years years years
ten no how old is she she's seven so
quite um she or six oh six and a half
she's me empty me and she said she
reminded me I don't even recall this and
she's like she was tiny when you came in
here to get your nails done and and she
said you were so annoyed she's like you
were just like I will never bring her
again we're just so true I always say
that I'm like I'm never gonna bring her
again okay but I always bring you
because you drive me crazy sometimes let
me see what you've got so far and she's
gonna put polka dots on him like white
polka dots
we just remembered she's been doing my
nails says off and on since before I had
kids so I probably brought with me
England she was close to two years
oldest what I'm thinking anyway so
that's so crazy so a few of you guys
have asked me what I do with my nails or
how I do them basically what she does is
she does an acrylic so it's just a
acrylic nail and then she puts a like
shellac over the top like a gel nail
polish and basically it lasts until I
take it off so pretty simple but that's
what I do
once you come sit right here bye mommy
let me see that cute girl let's see she
did your toes Oh was that me or you the
didn't you was that me aches
ah cheetah what here will take my nail
if you lick your finger and kind of push
it back
do you know what that looks pretty good
that looks pretty good
let's see your fingernails oh my gosh I
love these legs let me put the blue one
looks like a blueberry oh that is so
sweet the wind is blowing sorry you guys
and these are mamas I'll show you this
way so you can see them oh there we go
what do you think of those do like them
I'm sorry you guys I know that sounds
terrible
of course we are like beef for this
possible parking spot away they're
having cars right by us still in the one
camera um did you see what's on my hand
what I have not worn my wedding ring for
a very long time because I get too fat
when I have baby we can't wear it does
it feel good yeah I mean tight but we're
on our way to meet Ellie and Jared for
dinner they chose Texas Roadhouse so
that's where we're eating
this might be
beings but here at Texas Roadhouse you
crack your peanuts and you throw the
stuff on the floor like look at this
floor that's just what they do here
there's a big old bucket of peanuts over
there and that's what you do
peanut allergy there's like huge signs
outside yeah you knock him in yummy
show me the show me the guy in the tubs
yeah it looks like a little guy in the
tub like his head and he's just laying
Oh Bonnie taught me that see guys those
are the pros in action and they parked
right next to our car normally I
wouldn't trust a car with a missing
hubcap but I trust Ellie with my life
here they come on the Left here
why do you like them so much
look at his shoes I love them so much to
you cover faces that I don't see why you
need any help saying no how's your
massage you can see the red that means
it's working
that is
that's so painful it likes it that is
awful
you're not gonna be able to hold the
camera still that's like doing that
probably how it looks now cameras
getting massaged I hope the kids are
doing a good home I hope I'm nervous
guys that's it we're wrapping up another
episode episode
oh hey thank you guys so much for
watching
oh right there yeah we good no massage
yeah huh okay thank you guys so much for
watching we'll see you guys in our next
video I guess okay
