how did all three of my children end up
in my bed last night
Olivia came up in our room Joe and I
were watching TV and it was like 10:30
and she came in at like she wanted to
get ready for school we were like Olivia
you need to go back to bed and she
wasn't tired because she like had a
three-hour nap basically and so Jackie
left like Jackson left his airplane and
we're gonna give it back to him today
huh well are you going yep oh I know
don't you hate having to miss out going
to school yeah
well I got more time to watch teach fit
Joel was so nice he put this little
mattress out for Olivia right here is
Cody Cody is still asleep
closet right oh my gosh let me get that
razor out okay so that is Cody right
there asleep he came up middle of the
night because he had a headache and he
wanted he wanted headache juice and then
of course if Cody came up the sole guy
came trailing after um don't break it
you can fix it
and Joel got up went for a run he's
showering and we we're gonna hurry and
get ready this morning welcome to my
home
we're a little Jarrett's property and
they are digging today they are digging
the ground so we're here and we're
totally interesting all right they've
been asking questions and like I don't
know so you said you're bringing
doughnuts
yeah doughnuts and hot chocolate
Robinson Harlan I started digging with
his shovel and I was like this is take
forever hey are you guys watching the
tractor that is so fun yes I don't know
what I'm more excited for groundbreaking
or doughnuts are you boys watching the
tractors joel is just one of the boys
I like the Boston is torn and copy
that's awesome we just got done leaving
alien turds we didn't want to leave but
we have exciting ventures of our own so
you can see behind me all of the crap
from my room and the baby's room is all
in here and in the kitchen and we have
all these guys or came here and they're
laying the carpet today and we actually
did decide that we are not gonna keep
the hardwood floors raw in the bedrooms
only because I have a baby in there and
when he cried it echoed like crazy I
will change the diapers we want to be
able to lay them on the carpet like
we'll just do the hardwood floors out
here and not do him in the bedrooms that
was a really tough thing for me to see
though I was just like beautiful but it
was cool seeing I mean cuz that's how
the house is built Oh beautiful I want
to see the originals yeah some may be
our next own yep so there we go we got
Lincoln just hanging out in the crib
playing with an orange Boston Boston are
you staying out of their way oh no no no
no no no
keep it right there come here come here
hey did you have fun playing over at
Ellie's how you do with that one you are
good day we are willing to go there when
we're done yeah Ellie had doughnuts for
us and you boys sat in the dirt yeah
well we dusted off your bum but I want
to see those boots they are dirty boots
that's just and holes in your knees you
know that's a sign up yeah and they're
dirty mm mm-hmm that's a sign of a happy
healthy boy mmm there's a crew of these
sons and dads and probably even grandpa
here and they are moving so fast they
are safely moving so fast
oh I cannot believe we're covering those
makes me sick
they're so beautiful to me I'm just like
but I'm seeing a mess that's a choice
outside putting some sort of a trample
know what he's doing but I'm a hot mess
when like my doors and like please don't
scratch my doors and as they walk past
my queasily your tool belt scratch my
candle and Boston keeps calling every
one of the boys you're a stinker Colin
Amal who's all you're a bottle the boys
are going to yoga huh
hey Joel honey they need you to move
your vehicle are your truck your the
suburban what is that what is that
that's event for the that's the event
for the bathroom downstairs which it
didn't have until we did the remodel
yeah there was not a vent in the
bathroom downstairs and Joel did that
all by himself
can do a stinky poo oh you mean right
now I think we kind of need a vent right
now honey no we're not doors it doesn't
matter yeah I'll go move my car okay
they're waiting on you let's go
you're laying it out here and they're
gonna cut it to fit the room before they
take it all in are you keeping your feet
tucked in so they don't trip on them
yeah good job and you were just staying
nice and happy hmm-hmm
I am sitting here reading the comments -
from today's videos every single one of
you is like do not cover those hardwood
floors those are beautiful you do not
want to cover them and I'm sitting
you're dying I'm dying because I don't
want to and one of the cute workers
walked by as I was telling Joel nobody
thinks everyone thinks I'm being so dumb
they're covering these floors and he
said haters gonna hate
so funny I just had to sit here in
laughing said shake it off so I want to
explain a little bit of why we decided
to cover them so the floors had a few
things there was a few panels that had
to be replaced which does not like the
biggest deal but we have hardwood floors
throughout our family room out here um
that little patch of landing they
there's not hardwood floors under it so
we would have to match that also in the
kitchen there's not hardwood floor and
so if we were going to do hardwood it
would have to it would all have to be
done at the same time and we would have
to do and we would have to do a lot of
repair in certain areas and it's just
not what we really wanted to go with and
I just it was way too loud last night it
really was really loud with him in there
and it's just I need somewhere that has
carpet up here so I don't know I'm
honestly a little sick about it
especially reading the comments but I
think it'll be okay Boston would you say
I'm training though so good he was
looking in there he goes
don't hit that ceiling good job so we
went with the same carpet that we have
downstairs in our basement and I just
have loved it because it's nice and cozy
one thing that this uh taking everything
out of our room has forced us to do is
we dusted the blinds we opened the
shutters clean the windows clean the
window seals which were yucky like my
flowers were dusty so we just got all
the floorboards done all of the fans
done and now here we are it's all
carpeted it's all done we were able to
go through and deed jump a few things so
it's actually like really real
good spring cleaning is always exciting
Oh tell Cody tell everyone what you did
all right
I ran around the school told everything
you told me oh so there's a sweater of
my doctor Oh God I don't have to believe
me
we swung herbs had a little kiddie pool
at Ali's house do you want to see the
carpet Hey
in game art mom and daddy's room it's
not pretty
Lincoln look out in the car they got
everything for the most part put back
and it my it doesn't seem so dramatic
until you see it next to this carpet
they're gonna they left it like this so
that the hardwood guy could do it how he
wanted is that look nice and clean and
pretty
no but it's just clean like how nice was
it to dust everything it was disgusting
oh this house is a disaster
look at this out here kids are sitting
here behind this little fence that they
have I cannot believe what they have
gotten done in one day this hole is
massive me and Ellie did people look at
Ellie for four days she is spent but she
text me as soon as all my kids were
waking up she's like we're just waking
up from naps I'm like I love that we
have the same schedule I know we know
and did not text we know when not to
text each other but when to text each
other and if it's in question we private
tweet each other
facebook Messenger yeah anyway we have
been loving just
now here yes Mike told her I'm like
everything about you is so freaking
being killing like I love her and she
always brings the snack and if I love
her I love you this is the most typical
thing I've ever seen and I freaking love
it
ha ha ha every time the guy get started
attaching joker his friends damn well
jewel doesn't have a guy I know joel has
done work with him before but still
regardless of if he knew him he would
get to know him I love it they've been
talking some nice for me too I hear what
they're saying
that's so funny I can't even like he's
so cute that is so Joel baby boys you
are big boys are here
linkie you guys are such good boys
ellee's neighbor was so sweet and told
us that we could sit on her patio to
kind of shelter us from the Sun and I
think I don't know what we would do if
we couldn't come up here I already love
my neighbor
oh there's every everyone here is so
nice all right my happy boy it's time
for bed in your nice wonderful smelling
bedroom I wish everyone could smell how
amazing this room is oh yeah okay we go
you don't know if you want to laugh or
cry that's kind of the laugh cry
he knows this bedtime you know he's been
there
good night baby boy good night baby boy
yeah you know it's time for bed good
night he's like I don't know if I should
laugh or cry I take the diaper with me
you guys thank you so much for watching
tonight joel is downstairs he is bathing
the other kids and then we are going to
call it a night we hope you guys have an
awesome weekend I will see you guys on
Monday bye guys
