good morning you guys so today may or
may not be a huge day it's probably not
so we have moved our bushes they are
planted out in the garden we have moved
those where did you put those Java did
you plant them so weird anyway we have a
guy coming to rip up our cement all the
way around our house and relay us so
it'll look very very nice plus we're
putting a room underneath our patio for
like cold storage and storage and that
kind of things
so working with contractors is a bear to
say it very nicely would you agree with
that oh yeah it's like we come on their
schedules are just as good as they
didn't put them together I guess and
it's different because it's like it's
been raining so his jobs get pushed back
so we get pushed back I have literally
been trying to get this project
scheduled since last spring oh hey are
you fighting well come here come here
both of you
oh please you want your airplane back so
we are babysitting Jackson this morning
and did you take his airplane okay let's
hand it back to him can't hand it to him
there we go
is that better okay Hey
why oh you want to go outside I just
stopped Joel from doing the yard he's
been I hear mowing the lawn and Boston
while we're talking runs out in the
middle of the yard and just as usually
stand-in there I think he's we're just
kind of waiting to see what he does
but that wasn't Joel I don't know what
is when I when I was little all I wanted
to do is mow and how old is little like
to do is mow the lawn run a piece of
machinery like machineries and stuff has
always been just fascinating me I'm a
boy that's what I like
anyway my dad always told me no you're
too little you're too little it would be
dangerous and you guys
yeah you guys have seen his parents
backyard it's very steep and my dad just
never would let me anyhow this was his
way to get out of he's like well there's
all sticks on the lawn you got to clean
them all up first and there was like
thousands of sticks from the willow
trees anyway I'd go by hand and pick
them all up and even when I did that he
still said I was too dangerous so I just
did it on my own and I mow the lawn he
was six years old he went and started
the lawn mower by himself and his dad
came out and found him mowing the lawn
and so dad came home from work oh he did
the lawn was mowed and thought who did
this and I told him I did and from then
on not my brothers did not mow the lawn
like maybe if I was gone for a week for
scout camp or something but I mowed the
lawn and Joe's the youngest of five boys
and that was your job and you loved it
and you still do he occasionally he'll
still go down and low as parents lon
well at the age of seven I had like six
lawns that I mowed in my neighborhood I
made make I remember my mom borrowing
some cash from me did she pay you back I
don't think cash descend with my brother
on a trip he was going on and she hadn't
gone and got cash yet for him came in my
room and I pulled my little wad out of
my snowboarding boot
I set the blower down for like two
seconds to move the car and the proudest
thing happened
my little boy just wants to work that
thing weighs as much as he does
but he's just going at it I have a
feeling I'm gonna have to do a lot of
follow-up work going backwards to where
I just blow it off but that's okay
to some people this might look like just
a pile of canvas to which I would say
you're right I have a buddy Gordon and
he is my ultimate outdoor guru guy
that's what he does for a living he
works for a company and that's all he
does is like make products and sell
products that are for outdoor use only
I asked Gordon what is the tent I want
for my family I want a good solid family
tent we have a bunch of reunions coming
up I want to take the kids camping and
it's time to invest in the family tent
he said Kodiak canvas so that's what we
got two doors there's two doors six
windows you can buy a divider for it
what do you think Lincoln do you like it
in there you guys like it in here well
it's a super nice tent like I love it it
just looks good don't you think
I do too you just stole your orange peel
did you know he took it does that taste
nummy is that taste good to you I can't
believe I have a blue-eyed baby baby
well yeah I know but all the others let
me see your eyes look at me leave me
brown look at me brown look at my eyes
brown and Olivia's are ground
oh he's loving that look at daddy's are
blue that's right
we're in the process of moving
everything out of our bedrooms so far we
have the hand flow stuff out here
you kids have done so good so I'm
feeding the kids solo M&M treat and
you're being difficult baby yeah you are
oh he is doing so good I just want to
say one thing
follow me speak your piece I'm not
having a really nice time Joe is such a
whiner he has been complaining about
having to do this but this is the next
step we have - you have done a ton today
so we have almost everything out we need
to do the bed and then this stuff and
the baby's room we are cleaning out
drawers and I am very excited because
one jewel found these they're Cadbury
cream caramel eggs and also this is a
book of stories from my mom's side of
the family and this is my grandpa
Nielsen his name is Virgil and this is
my grandma I think that ice looks
similar like there's a good resemblance
of me and my grandma in it I think that
Joel kind of looks like my grandpa you
know what's inside that that's what no
look oh sure yeah
I got that for daddy when he was living
in Oregon on his mission nope what is it
that is a pocket watch who's that well
we're not kissing we're just Oh daddy's
kissing me that's right uh-huh
look can I keep it No close it up snap
it
there we go put that right back in there
the snooty cow and that was my mama's
when she was little and she gave it to
me it's got a charm bracelet in there
isn't that cool not cute that is dad
duty to God that was his award that he
got in church when you give mother no
this is my EMT that's my EMT card do you
know how much this makes me laugh okay
this is Joel's necklace that he used to
wear in high school this is my necklace
that I used to are in high school and it
has a matching ankle bracelet once I saw
that on you I was like that's the girl
oh no this is a it's a real puka-shell
necklace and it's I think our family
friend the luces cam Luce brought that I
don't know why he gave it to me
there was lots of us kids and I don't
know why he gave it to me bears hey he
got this for me I came from Hawaii
yeah not it look that is my little look
at my little Pooh Bear watch I think
there's yeah look there's little bees
stamped into the leather it's real
leather I got this when I was very
little
well can I keep it well you can look at
it vegan you have the best sister in the
whole wide world
oh my gosh Olivia you are the nicest
sister you be very soft with them huh
yes hey what do you think you're doing
baby
you let him down by his toys I kind of
love having this room empty it's so fun
here can play in the tent too bad I
don't have something to type this up
with okay hello it makes me sick that we
are covering up these amazing hardwood
floors were idiots I like he just pulled
up this carpet I knew there was hardwood
floors under it but this is beautiful
Joel those are beautiful I have always
known that there's hardwood floors under
our carpet and that's what we're going
to be doing is hard without this rest of
the house and we'll explain that later
but um Joel we don't want hardwood
floors in the bedrooms just because it's
really cozy to walk in onto carpet but I
am sick like I am half way debating like
just keeping the hardwood floors this is
beautiful and it's thick and it's
completely solid it's not like
artificial manufactured it's like legit
hardwood floors ah this is standard in
all the homes that are built on this
street sweetie this was standard in
every home yeah in the fifties and
sixties yeah forties you just hardwood
floor carpet wasn't really a big thing
back then I can't believe they would
just cover it with carpet are we is it
ridiculous that we're gonna cover it I
think we should chew it I might be
canceling guys well do you know what
being in here like this reminds me of
what do you know um when we very first
moved into this house the first night
that we slept here we did not have any
windows and did we have our bed set up
yeah we didn't have my bed set up but it
just reminds me of when we were very
first living in here and there was no
windows and her blind shutters lines and
so we just put the windows open and we
bought well it's not that we were scared
but it was just like such a weird thing
like it was like oh this is our house
and I remember waking up that first
morning thinking I'm waking up in my
home mm-hmm and Joel let me sleep in
because the baby slept in and he went
outside and ripped off the armor vytas
four or five trees I pulled out his arms
were covered in spider bite cut him off
just that morning like before we were
fully unpacked just touch of danger
hey welcome I'm like you did what this
morning we're calling it a night guys
we'll see you probably tomorrow given my
room
