good morning you guys I am on my way to
get my eyelashes filled I've had a few
questions on what eyelash extensions are
and kind of my review on them I guess
and I have a love-hate relationship with
eyelash extensions I love them because I
wake up my lashes are long and black and
when I get out of the shower I can run
anywhere and I still kind of look put
together I love them for vacations do I
feel like I want them all the time I
don't know because they kind of drive me
crazy because they go in different
directions it it's really easy to pop on
a pair of false lashes so I love them
for certain times and I hate them for
certain times I think they are amazing
for going on vacation or for the
summertime so I'm just going to bring
you guys along with me as I get my
eyelashes still today so I'm just back
in the room waiting for Natalie look at
her little kitty sitting there in the
chair I'm just in this room back here
and when you come you don't wear any
makeup because they put like pads under
your eyes and their hands are all over
your face you don't generally wear
makeup when you go in to get your
eyelashes filled or put on basically
what eyelash extensions are is an
artificial eyelash that they take and
they glue to your individual eyelash and
so it takes when you first get them on
it takes like two and a half hours and
when your eyelashes naturally fall out
they the extension falls out or if they
stay on they just grow out and so they
when they do a fill they fill in the
ones that have come out so you can see
on this eyelash my in inner needs done
like help read my faces and then all of
these I had like one or two over here
that were barely hanging on and I just
barely pulled them off this morning so
she'll want to fill these and like the
ones in the center this eyelash is doing
much better but you can see right here
right here and like in here needs to be
filled so that's what we're gonna do
today we're just gonna get them all
filled and looking fresh again and I
hope this goes into focus not even know
where
keep your good ear in there right now
okay so Natalie is working on my lashes
and something I love about Natalie is
she is such an amazing educator and you
just keep working but if you want me to
stop talking I can get an is I've always
told people um I've always said when you
get your lashes done they always say no
your lashes aren't going to fall no it's
not going to ruin your lashes but that's
not true because they always fall out I
never have any lashes I completely have
bald spots but natalie is telling me
that is it's um
what are you telling me that's so it's
yeah when you're when you're looking at
lashes are when you're choosing lashes
you need to make sure that you're
searching for an artist that um isolates
and I don't know if the camera I go
ahead and tell me right out down
downtown keep going
kiss my face keep going down oh I was
hoping in the in your face oh yes and hi
guys um but keep going I don't see you
I'm trying to see your lashes do you
care if I still a camera no do it hey
out here on the outside lashline um
there's a few like clumping that's what
you don't want you should isolate
individuals so you can see in here where
it's a lot lighter and softer on the
inside and that's what you want so what
you're looking for and it's just like
with hair extensions if you are not
supporting it if you've got too many
lashes for your individual lash it
that's what's going to call cause 12
spots so you just want to make sure that
when you're supporting the lash the lash
artist is isolating an individual lash
and then just doing a few lashes to
support that and it takes into
consideration the length of yours you
can't go incredibly long if your natural
lashes are really short because that's
what's going to cause balding
you can't go really thick so you just
want to make sure that you've got
someone who's super educated in doing
the lashes so that you're keeping them
natural when you take them off if
they're done right your natural lashes
shouldn't be altered at all if they're
clumpy and heavy that's what's going to
create bald spots which I think that is
a hundred percent my problem is I wanted
thick big
lashes and I've never been instructed
not to do that I don't have really long
lashes to begin with so I think the ones
that I've been having have been way too
heavy for my eyes yeah so we're just
shorting them up a little bit not much
we're still keeping them long and Daddy
like you like but adjusting the length
to support more of the length of your
lash which will help decrease any
balding and still keep them full keep
them on longer but not cause damage to
your own lash line so she's saying these
are what they should look like and these
are the ones we had to take off my
lashes how super clumped they are yeah
and really heavy and the glues really
high of the show it should be down low
even even lower the fan should be a luau
from there but you can see some of them
still have natural lash on them yes but
you can just see that you can see the
difference in the fans and I mean
there's like way too many
yeah a way too many in one attachment
there yep so most of what we did today
was anywhere from four we did probably a
5 4 and a 3 um 3d so that's what they
should be that's not what they should be
holy moly that was a very long
appointment so I had to have most well
all of my lashes removed she was going
through a few reasons why they may not
have been done so well there was just a
lot of glue I think there was just too
much glue the lashes were just a little
too heavy from my eyes which a few of
you did comment on that and when I got
mine done they were like oh those look a
little heavy for you but I feel like
they look really good now when I get in
the Sun I'll put the camera a little bit
closer you guys isn't Natalie amazing
she's such an educator she knows her
stuff
she's been doing my hair for years and
years and years I will leave all of her
information down below if you guys want
to check out her work on Instagram and
her website so here are my
Asha's I don't have any other makeup on
besides my eyelashes and I feel like I
look pretty good so I'm pretty excited
to and keep these on I think next time
we're going to focus on making them a
little more full so that's the plan and
I'm happy with how they turned out I'm
hoping that I answered some questions
about a little bit how lash extensions
work but if you guys have specific
questions I'll keep my eye on the
comment section below and I'll try and
answer those questions for you guys
thank you so much for watching give this
video a thumbs up and we'll see you guys
next time bye guys
