good morning you guys you all know that
I am a very pale woman I love my pale
skin but every summer I like to be nice
and tan normally in the past what I
would have done is lay down the Sun on
tanning in a tanning bed I do not I have
to preserve what I have I don't want
wrinkles the older I get the more just
how I realized just how when I was
younger
tanning is no no tanning is not if that
is said I love to fake tan and it just
feels good I like the look of being tan
I like the safety of not being on the
Sun and so I've gone through several and
I found one that I really like now
before I jump into that what I also like
to do is I like to bleach my teeth while
I'm doing it hitting two birds with one
stone now usually I like to do this at
night I like to bleach my teeth put my
self tanner on and then rinse my mouth
out and go to sleep when I wake up I
take a shower today I'm gonna try it a
little bit different I have never done
it in the day so the bottle says wait
four to six hours so I'm gonna wait the
six hours take a shower and then see how
well that works I do have a few tips for
you with bleaching your teeth as well
and I never would have even thought to
say this until my parents push their
teeth and Joe bleached our teeth and
you'll just slap the bleach on I'm like
what are you doing a monk you have to
floss first so floss your teeth brush
your teeth so you have a clean canvas so
that the bleaching can go on nice and
even so preparation is key I have been
using right with style bleach on my
teeth for a while now and the reason
that I have stuck with white with style
is because the bleach does not hurt my
teeth it does not send shocking pains
through my teeth every time I've used
other whitening strips my teeth get so
sensitive they feel like lightening is
shocking through them and I can't do it
and I feel like I'm breaking my teeth so
this stuff does not do that it does not
make my teeth sense
if it comes with trays it comes with
bleach I am going to put this bleach in
my mouth and then I'm going to show you
how I apply my self tanning while I am
putting the bleach in the trays I do
have a discount code for you guys I have
provided this to you before and the main
question that I had is hey does coupon
code didn't work so the coupon code
Bonni 28 works on this sparkle white kit
it allows you to get the kit that I like
to use for 28 bucks if you guys need to
bleach your teeth before summer go ahead
and check that out so I'm gonna put this
in my mouth and then I'm gonna show you
how I self-tan like I said preparation
is key so I have taken a shower I have
shaved I've used exfoliating scrub and
then when you get out you do not want to
put lotion over your body because you
want the tanning lotion to soak into
your skin not the lotion but I can't do
that I'm way too dry so I'm gonna use a
serum this is my favorite serum it's not
as heavy as a lotion but it will protect
your skin I also take a lotion and I
apply that to rough dry area so
definitely your hands you all know the
people that soft em because they have
orange hands orange elbows orange knees
put lotion on your elbows your knees
your feet and your hands and then you
are going to want to put on gloves some
people use a mitt I like to use gloves
so this is my favorite tanning lotion
it's tanning wise I will leave a link
for it down below it is very
intimidating looking look at this it's
like green brown disgusting anyway I'm
going to start with sections I'm gonna
start with my upper arm and when you do
your legs you're gonna do the same thing
you're going to start with your thigh
and then work your way down so I am
staying clear of my elbow you are going
to want to rub this in like crazy you
just keep on rubbing you do not want
streaks or lines so you just take your
time and you rub it in until you do not
see lines I
like that super super dark formula and
then once you rub it in you don't see it
as much so it I know it might not seem
like you're getting a tan on but you
really are so you can see I'm staying
away from the elbow until there's not
very much left on my glove and then I go
over my elbow and I go into my armpit
so that looks very smooth to me now I'm
going to do the lower portion of my arm
and when you do your legs you do the
lower calf once you get done doing your
thigh so do the exact same thing I rub
it through the center of my arm
I blend it up with the top of my arm and
I'm not going down onto my hands or my
elbow once this is all rubbed in then I
will rub a little bit on my elbow and
down onto my wrist so once I'm done with
that I'm gonna pull my glove down and
I'm going to make sure there's not a
harsh line once you've done your other
arm then I start with my neck and of
course I normally wouldn't be wearing a
tank top I just wouldn't have anything
close but for the sake of the video I'm
gonna have some clothes on so then I'm
gonna make sure if you're gonna do the
front of your neck you do the back of
your neck and if you have someone that
can help you do your back great for the
purpose of the video I'm just gonna show
you what you can see right now I like to
do my chest and my neck twice because
you're gonna see later that your face
absorbs this color so much better than
your neck and your chest maybe it's the
difference in oils I don't really know
but when I do go on my face I like to
make sure that it blends down on to my
jawline nothing's gonna be worse is if
your face does not match your neck so I
like to just really get in there some
people do not even tan their face period
and they just use darker foundation when
they get ready but it's summertime a lot
of times I don't wear makeup and so I
definitely do my face some people break
out I don't know I don't really have a
problem with it once you're done you do
your hands last take your gloves off
pump a little bit onto your hands and
you blend that line from your wrist onto
your hand I start with a little bit I go
all go in with more but you just want to
start with a little bit I rub it in just
like you would lotion and I work quickly
because this stains your hands so fast
it stains your hands so fast your hands
are like the driest part of your body
just like your feet so rub that in and
do a very thorough job I have a wet
washcloth do not let the washcloth touch
other areas of your body but you want to
get your palms clean you do not want
info loompa hands that is a dead
giveaway and I see Beauty vloggers all
the time with orange hands I'm like what
are you guys thinking wash your hands
when you're done so take a rag and see
you can see the difference between the
two hands one hand looks good one hand
is gonna be in Poland but this does have
a really green tint to it but that goes
away once it soaks into your skin and it
really is the perfect Brown there is no
orange to this tanner and that's why
it's part of my favorite then I like to
take a dry towel and I go in between my
fingers
seriously take time doing your hands I
go across my knuckles
it looks like I'm being really rough but
I'm actually doing it very very light
handedly I just take a dry towel and if
I feel like there's areas that might be
susceptible to collecting color I just
go over a little little I go over my
entire hand my wrist my elbows my knees
my ankles anywhere that you feel is
gonna gather color get that clean right
guys it is eight hours later I got the
shower wash my hair and rinsed off the
excess that was on my body so this is
what I'm left with I do feel like when I
sleep in it the color is a little more
rich than maybe I'm left with right now
also it is kind of a pain to light I
felt like I couldn't touch anything and
so I definitely prefer sleeping in it
and then showering in the morning I do
want to show you my hands I am very
proud of how my hands look there is no
big dark lines on them and that is just
it's just so nice when you don't have
those my knuckles I don't feel like you
can see a little bit right here that's a
little bit dark if you do have areas
that have a lot of pigmentation on them
and it does not
good take baking soda and a washcloth
and water and scrub at those areas that
always helps and I have one last product
that I want to share with you guys this
is the Becca luminous body perfecting
mousse this stuff smells ridiculously
good so basically what this stuff is
used for is if you don't have time to
tan or if you didn't think about tanning
and you're wearing a dress and you have
really wet legs this will give you a lot
of color even on pale pale skin like moi
and it's good for a day until you shower
the next time it does have a little bit
of transfer so I would be leery of like
wrapping up in a white blanket or
something but that's kind of with every
self-tanner you're gonna have that issue
all of the products that I've talked
about I will make sure to leave them in
the description down below with links so
that if you want to check them out you
can and I'll see you guys in my next
video
bye guys
