good morning everybody and happy
Mother's Day happy Mother's Day
Bonnie this is what I woke up to is the
kids got the stationery out and I
started making cards for their mother
that's like the sweetest thing ever
Cody's not learning how to whisper yet
though just doesn't know how yeah you're
kind of whispering and Olivia's
whispering kotas gotta learn how to draw
a chicken write a note
okay very good and we even got some
blank stationery for death on the bacon
card this morning could not be going
better the kids that I got out made our
cards tomorrow we're making some
breakfast for Mom and we're gonna give
it to her in bed and even better Lincoln
is still asleep I think he's starting to
wake up but this is amazing it's 8:30 he
doesn't normally sleep in he did wake up
at 4 o'clock like 4:45 last night cried
for a minute but now it's back to bed
sleeping in it's a good morning we got
it ready let's go who over who gets to
tell you we really did just wake you up
yes hi mom happy Mother's Day I'm never
a mom what are those Cody you what are
those what are those yeah this is you
open this for me it says caddie
thank you how'd you write your name by
yourself
yeah no letter you wrote that one
your ride with some heart statue hi okay
we'll do yours
Oh my mom's gonna get to all of them
okay okay okay Spain so from Cody to mom
thanks calling Mishra sharper well why'd
you two are there yeah
nice heart I'm lovin her Druidism okay
Cody drew that who is it Neal it's me I
loved when he was drawing that Olivia
said that really looks like mom ever
yeah Olivia to 1x o X oh how do you know
what xoxo means here we go right
Playgirl or really they just rating the
suckers geez those are what we got from
the bake form again
yeah he's occupied the last one
oh my world of yes right down to me this
is me and this is a car that that's a
chandelier and this is the card if dear
mom happy Mother's Day I love you mom I
love your Jory my jewelry yeah I love
these I know
hmm - mom from dad and Cody and Olivia
and Boston Emma Winky where is he
he's still asleep 8:30 are you serious
and how best morning ever
no no no no no no oh my word oh my word
but please do not go get him oh oh you
guys that's so sweet
I want to eat it so bad oh I bet it's
gonna be good I don't want it to get too
cold
that's Boston yeah that's Boston wait Oh
so Bonnie happy Mother's Day to the best
mom wife friend I have ever known
you are who I think about every day and
night I love you Bonnie howleen from the
bunny hump YouTube channel thank you for
helping this how what house house find
the spirit and stay on the eternal track
love Joel thank you right I love
everything I love all do you good well
eat your breakfast I'm so skip like do
you like my like service rack it's I
don't where do people get those little
like bed caddies and who really owns one
of those so why do people on them really
but I did see my Pinterest that I could
probably make well that sounds fun I
like my cooling rack I think it works
good uh-huh thank you so much did you
tell him that this is about oh no I
didn't sew Bonnie's Bonnie's family kind
of has a tradition that on Father's Day
or Mother's Day is a birthdays to just
Father's Day Mother's Day all the kids
would pile up and come in on my dad's
bed not get married they would they
wouldn't come in like with breakfast or
nothing they just come in and pile in on
mom and dad bed and talk with them and
enjoy them I think sometimes bringing
presents and I remember always bring
them bring I remember even after we
first got married and I'd spend the
night over there like before anyone had
kids yeah before any of us had kids us
as adults like us couples that drug in
your mom and dad's bed so II like the
in-laws on the vent it was so funny yeah
haven't been that for a long time but
that's what we did when we growing up so
I did you have done this morning I was
so happy I felt bad the kids were
fighting him like Olivia it's okay hear
what Olivia this was so sweet of you
well well I woke up this morning and I
came outside to the to the bed or to the
kitchen and I thought the kids were
fighting and they were getting the
stationery out they were already doing
that they were
Olivia Olivia already had dad Olivia
already set that up she is the sweetest
little thing Olivia come here honey
Hey geez huh how sucker simply we've
been here like two minutes
hi everyone stop eating the treats what
in the world you guys okay stock mm-hmm
no no no let go
put your teeth down we're gonna go have
breakfast guys this day is about me not
your treats now everyone get in here and
give me a hug I love love love away with
all of my entire heart thank you thank
you
happy Mother's Day
okay happy happy living no more treats
all right
go out to the kitchen table guys and one
I'll get you guys some french toast come
on No thank you for bringing the kidsand
yeah happy Mother's Day
how do I look yeah great good great oh
the baby woke up at like 4:00 4:45 4:45
and he normally never wakes up so I just
worry money and gave him his binky Nia
go straight back to sleep and I was up
the rest of the night mm-hmm
and then I didn't even hear you leave
the room do you know that oh I'm happy
I'm happy I tried sneaking out as
quietly as I could and I did not like it
because I knew Lincoln was asleep the
kids were being quite and I was like I
want to stay in here with Bonnie
sure but I wanted money to have her
morning so you are so sweet this one is
so hungry thank you soon and I dig in
thank you hi baby and Olivia was like
mom let me go get him for you people
stink I linky did he already have a
binky in his mouth
Wow why did you sleep a lot how'd you
miss the party there plant and you miss
Mother's Day player
I told era what to do it lady gets a
birthday and did you have to get mad at
I'm kinda gonna get mad at but then we
started to do our cards for you thanks
Olivia do you know that you are so damn
special to me I love all of my babies
but you're my girl aren't you bless you
even though you don't even have a sister
like it likes I know and you know that
makes me so sad but you know what
mind you it's gonna be me and you that's
still good yeah you do
the rest of our lives it's me and you
and you'll be like grandma's mom oh yes
okay he can't drink the bottle so you
gotta lay him down
can you blame down I could say heck yeah
okay there we go
yeah yeah you can yeah you can say heck
yeah heck yeah blue popsicle it was oh
my word you kids came in and destroyed
it in the treat section it's so good but
that's not what Mother's Day is all
about what moms ha ha
how about we be nice to Marcus it's
really mr. Smee that's a good idea
anomaly that looks yummy Joel today how
about we spend one FamilySearch as
mother's day shortly plans today that's
the plan how do you get these things
Olivia oh yeah honestly but honestly
honestly honestly this is all I wanted I
just wanted my and I didn't even have to
remind you this year usually it's like
she wasn't coming on my bed like the
night before I'm like don't forget
that's what I like it's like yes I
didn't I like I didn't think about I
forgot about that and so when all the
kids came in I don't care they were
fighting I was
glad that like they were in there in
there yes now that mother stays over
let's start talking about Father's Day
well the kids are all I can't wait till
Father's Day I'm like don't you talk
like that
what brother dig better than okay
she is my girl hey
every way
the afternoon
the moon
because you can't if you did see what
all this funky nose is so good and just
the way we do the afternoon
thirty show me your dance busting do the
dance
could be
good
today has been such an awesome Mother's
Day we have such a fun morning singing
it kind of put us behind though we got a
little behind you were running a little
bit late church is over now we're just
getting the kids in their clothes most
of their jammies cuz it's like like a
overcast rainy Sunday afternoon and I
think we're just gonna spend the day
just hanging out my absolute favorite
favorite part of Mother's today was
watching where's Cody was watching you
seeing in with the primary today look at
me
you went up and sing in the primary and
you smiled at me and ink is what I got
truth pick two blue the bed I made a
match for the song Tony that's amazing
it was true you need out right
she was Shawn what you guys made me
today okay
Lincoln someone had one of those ins two
cameras and they took a picture of the
kids and this is my favorite Mother's
Day present like a Boston space that
honored the like your mom I love them
all the same not just only yours Cody oh
I love every single scale off your face
yeah I love I really one of them I know
I got to make some dinner
Joel has to go back over to the church
and we're gonna put a little mr. Shue
put him down for a nap or Cherie how
many something you can say knows better
okay
maybe well done have a movie and quiet
time all the baby sleeps um when the
baby wakes up can we have a dance party
mmm I don't know I'm standing by the
kitchen window and I was taking a drink
and last year's Mother's Day president
caught my eye or two years ago Joel got
me that bird feeder for Mother's Day and
I loved it it's been hanging in my apple
tree ever since
we're just sitting down to dinner and
before we eat I want the kids to say
their favorite thing about their mother
before they do pork down I know they're
so hungry daddy is the most hungry
you're the hungriest cake okay I want
you we're gonna start with Cody what's
your favorite thing about mommy oh
that's pretty good one that's pretty
good okay Olivia here her mom is where
we cuddled together was around your
dad's out with the boys and sit together
cuddle that's right your most true thing
oh that is my most favorite thing - hmm
what's your most favorite thing about
mom mr. eyelash oh when you're sick mom
takes Karia with you what's your
favorite friend got me job um my
favorite thing about Bonnie is she is my
best friend and she makes me I don't
know she makes me reach my potential and
that's a that's an amazing quality and a
person that they make you a better
person because I want to be like Bonnie
what's your favorite thing about you
there's so many to choose from everyone
really loved me um what your favorite
thing about your mom oh okay my favorite
thing about my mom is that she is the
hardest worker she could outwork anybody
she can out strength anybody she is
beautiful she is one extreme and the
other she's everything and she just
she's good to people but she also
doesn't take crap from her I think she
is just the perfect package that's good
that's my
okay okay well hey you did not bless
this miss the favorite thing about your
mom my favorite thing about my mom is
she will do whatever it takes to get the
job done
I remember her always we got to do this
we got to do this we got to finish up
this you can't leave this hanging she
just she likes things buttoned up when
it comes to tasks that we've had to do I
just remember that with scouts with the
papers with school with everything just
she always just saw things to the finish
and I appreciate that so much about my
mom okay
let's say a prayer it is the end of my
Mother's Day thank you kids for making
it so so special it's been a good day
happy Mother's Day and we'll see you
guys in our next video hi
happy Mother's Day Mother's
