well good morning you early risers I
thought for sure since you stayed up
till 10 o'clock at night skiing you
would be sleeping in nope
Lincoln was up at 6:00 Austin did not
wake you up here is he came in my room
at like 4 o'clock and stuck on my fork
is Olivia still asleep
you know when Lincoln was a baby
the first Halloween one you want to
watch Lincoln's first Halloween vlog
yeah go crawl on my bed we have to wake
up early and it's school because it's a
school day you're just not used to
staying out so late and you're also not
used to be doing your hair in the
morning before school Cody hates his
hair done before school so I don't make
him but today I just feel like you kind
of need it
yeah see how happy he is about this you
guys boy if you didn't look handsome
before Wow
breakfast let's go code let's go Boston
let's go let's get breakfast yep oh yes
I'll pause it did you get Olivia up
already okay seriously okay you can have
it after breakfast eaten shaking he ate
that whole thing hoping people you went
to wake Olivia up and what she's just
not ready to give up okay this is like
the rudest thing ever
sweetie you got to get up or you're
gonna be late I see that beautiful head
hiding I see the beautiful hiding in the
pillows
mine okay let's find you something to
wear
Olivia start getting up Olivia is like
me and she hates to wear jeans but I
think I might have to make her forget
sometimes you have these black pants and
you gotta get up come on and I just
picked out the cutest outfit oh and you
came home last night
and started playing with your dolls I
was like um no what did you say little
boy hey
I feel so yummies hey that rhymes show
school gotta show them the cute outfit
that I picked out some little black
booties black leggings cute sweater cute
hair all right tired girl breakfast
scratch that's hard it's hard like you
mean it
you're mad get mad get angry troll my
flowers are still holding up so well
they look so beautiful every time I look
at him they make me so happy
where'd you get your gum I know he
brought it to you
Lincoln hand Kody his wall ball Lincoln
boy now that I can't drive to school our
day is going to resume like normal adios
you look at the vlog edited and now I'm
going to continue some sort of TV
entertainment while I get ready for the
day should we put your head up
oh so comfy what's so comfy right block
time enjoy I'm gonna do today so we're a
bright and early this morning I just
couldn't sleep and so I think I showered
super early you guys look at their
underwear do you know that all your
cousin's your age are starting to potty
train do you think that maybe you'll go
potty in the toilet yes
wake something today do you think that
that's you in the crib
who's that Lincoln you jump in your bed
who's this and mom is he happy oh yeah
what is he always that main kid well I
haven't done this for a very long time I
used to do it all the time I would come
in this room with the little kids while
the older kids are at school and we play
in here I'm gonna have them play with
toys there's a few things I need to do
on the computer and I just wanted to
contain the kids so
put some little kid music on for the
kids while they play and I'm going to do
a little bit around my computer I have a
company that wants me to put together
some examples of our traveling vlogs to
see if they want us to promote their
travel anyway so that's what I'm doing
right now I'm going to go through and
find some travel vlogs and it's hard to
think it's like okay which one do I want
to show us I kinda have to go through
and watch them to see which ones I want
to say here these are the ones that
would represent what I would do for you
I love this
I feel like this right here sitting on
the floor with my kids this is the good
old days
you know what I mean like working there
is a big secret on the front porch it is
for dad's birthday so we cannot show you
guys until Joel's birthday which is on
the 31st thank you very much you have to
be able to keep this a secret Boston I
don't know if I can trust you why don't
you go in Lincoln's room and I will only
show well okay if you're up earnest here
on a rocket ship
don't ask what seat is it on oh buses
I'm even paying attention I don't know
what I'm gonna do here it's a big secret
you cannot tell Dad bad what's bad oh my
look how did that happen let's just
stuff like a unicorn
and I was taking them then I tripped and
scraped me but it killed a watch
get off oh don't cry yes you did you
threw your wobble on the roof how do you
get it back my gosh
what happened to your hair do you guys
see why I don't always do his hair he's
such an animal you want to iron you can
play Nintendo Olivia how's school tell
me one awesome thing about school or bad
tell me one thing about squaw Cody I
know but what about you actually had a
really nice day good good what was good
about it today really is she in your
grade no I think she's in fourth grade
but she's really nice really John I
think is super interesting and cute oh
my gosh Oh mom I got a pi3 pizza pie
certificate for what pizza part of a No
yeah well how did you get it I mean is
your hundred club nice for reading no um
so um we had this thing that if you were
not leader took it you take it to the
office and once you get a whole row look
for behavior yeah from behavior and for
good work sometimes what I think is
interesting and cute about Olivia is she
always hangs out with older girls like
the friends that she plays with her
recess are way older than her and I
don't know why I think that's funny but
I think that's kind of cute do you know
you have achievement days today yes oh
that's so cute are you keeping them so
we can hang them up in here soon
yes okay these are the school rules for
your dog to tag along
first girls have fun the next one is
don't copy each other the next one
don't shout raise your hand and be nice
oh those are awesome and they keep these
two
I don't eat these like stickers I have
Apple ones my movie star ones oh it's so
cute Olivia I feel kind of weird because
we're gonna close our vlog a little
early today we've got a really early fun
day tomorrow so stay tuned for tomorrow
but we need to close our blog so we can
get ready for it
which is kind of weird we don't usually
close our vlog until like the evening
but so what we're gonna do today so
thank you guys so much for watching
today and stay tuned for tomorrow bye
guys
you
