well shoot we just showed up to pick out
our tile or our backsplash and these
guys are closed it's our luck isn't it
gosh darn uh we got a babysitter sorry
that just caught my eye oh I want to go
in so bad
so we have to pick out one last thing
for our kitchen and it's our backsplash
and I really wanted to go in and look at
their stuff and their clothes we know we
missed them by 30 minutes
now
I'm ready to go to dinner I'm famished I
am so hungry I'm debating if we should
go somewhere new or if we should go too
we always go to Cafe savour I love café
sabor Joe loves café sabor we dated at
cafe support we yeah when I first came
up to Logan Jolla come up we would get
café sabor and then he would give me
his leftovers
I wouldn't eat cuz I'd be like nervous
before before I buried Bonnie anytime I
would go on a date with her I would get
so nervous I just I couldn't eat that
much I just felt like I couldn't eat
that much and so Bonnie would take off
my whole meal huh I never cared I
applaud my life I'm a big eater like I
eat a lot Oh
funny thing I remember on our honeymoon
though thinking I can heat I don't know
but I remember being like do you
remember I was like going down to the
vending machine snacks and crackers like
she's stuck with me My Starving just
stuff my face in front of her okay we're
gonna focus on driving this is our
infamous walk into café sabor is a
train station yes it is was one is a
train station now it's amazing Mexican
food restaurant the greatest Mexican
food place I come to want to show them
my cardigan quick cardiga do you wanna
go I just realize what I did not do that
intentionally one time I think I have a
video called date night or something huh
and in that video we came here and I
showed them my outfit yeah it was my
black romper oh I'm gonna list the video
the lobby so you can go watch it why
does this place make you this place
makes you so fashioned don't you know
the vanity of this store is unreal Oh
anyway I got this little cardigan from
Piper Street and I follow him on
Instagram anyway it's really flowy and I
like it cause it covers my tummy
homemade tortillas he's getting him then
he is taking care of it so yeah you get
the burrito and I give a boy a tango you
can share
but what like percentage of sharing you
like I share 50% of mine you share like
10% a year takes me biggest bike ski and
you make me so fast he can be so fast I
much slower than your yeah
plus you said we were supposed to share
meals maybe we should just share me on
I'll share a meal you want to share me I
want to take it home share another one
we used to so for a while there they
have my burrito every night for two
months and then we stopped coming from a
5-year video
Lydia came with us juice
it really does because
I just hate her I like pulling on your
shirt it feels good to like hang my hand
right here I'm thinking it's a no you're
fine I was thinking it was like a crew
net it is so loud in here there
every single time we either get the
burrito supreme I used to always get the
tequila-lime pasta but the poil durango
usually takes a cake i take where we're
sitting and how many times we sat here
with this little teeny table in like the
corner of the room
right here partner
it's all sir here should we be mean and
Shawn the goodness amazing burrito quiet
aranga she is bringing me my tortilla
this is a stretching video
that's the screen and smellin
Oh
six months six weeks and those pictures
we have a picture like Olivia some of
those somewhat now Cody and Boston still
think those are pictures of them but
it's tell Olivia yeah thinks now see
that right there so that right there the
that was life like they're just lowering
down to the hospital okay it's
sliced leg corsets matter ok this log is
full of story times so reminiscence we
are in the parking lot of leaves and I
see this row of trees in the road cars
no hmm it was this one I can promise you
is this one you say so we can't remember
if we've shared this story with you guys
are not yet so worried about it I mean
when when I first moved to Logan Joel
came up to visit me and he was driving
his parents white Cougar wasn't white
yeah little cougar Mercury Cougar yeah
it was really cute anyway he came up
here and we went we were going grocery
shopping
did you buy groceries he came up and he
bought me some groceries and what he
locked the keys in the car yeah what my
hairs in my lipstick good and I remember
we called a locksmith and then we were
sitting there waiting what did you find
well they had a sunroof but it was just
cracked mm-hmm so I came in to Lee's and
they gave me a hanger yeah and so for
like I was like what all the guys gonna
be here 30 minutes later so I may as
well try and I kept trying trying and I
fished the keys out and got them and I
remember feeling like oh my goodness
he's so handy like I just knew he was
super handy anyway well hi sorry we saw
someone I knew and I wanted to say hi
oh they're more important well yeah yeah
they're in the problem okay I remember
when that story look like at the end of
the day Bonnie was like I was really
proud oh yes brother I would want to say
she she I was really proud of you
because you didn't lose your patience oh
that's right I remember feeling like oh
no I hope he's not mad I hope I didn't
ruin this time and I remember feeling
like I can't believe he didn't get mad
like he was so patient I was embarrassed
but I liked well you shouldn't have
cause it's fun we sat out there on the
rocks yeah you an ice cream I think you
had ice cream really I think you did I
think we were like
something's gonna melt that's funny I
think we're a little nervous about it
Jill and I came over to LA Jarrod's
place
is it you it's your cheat day right oh
Jesus
so we I told them to tell me what treats
what treats they wanted Jackson hurt the
plastic bag upstairs run to the door yes
yes he just kind of for a shara sort of
late so yeah I know I gotta get you
don't like him they burn my mouth work I
eat them all day I can't I threw up
yes so so yes and I use it looking at
paint colors we're just sitting there
chit Jen
we just got back from Elian chairs we
just sat and talked on evening and Joe
it and dropped the girls off I'm
babysitting
what Oh
Oh Joe is kind of a grandpa he likes to
be John Pinette he's a funny comedian I
have no idea no thanks for taking me on
a nice date today that was fun thanks
for going mm-hmm my one regret today is
that I ate way too much like a way too
much food I way too much candy like did
you guys know I lost 15 pounds when I
since having my tonsils out anyway
pretty sure I gained it all back tonight
pretty ticked with myself oh that's
great we're not eating dinner tomorrow
okay you guys thank you so much for
always watching for supporting us make
sure to give this video a thumbs up if
you liked it and we'll see you guys in
our next video editor the next time yeah
yeah
