can when you CD would you calm down at
7:00 in the morning some of us are tired
still yeah do you think you're doing
what do you think you're doing get her I
wanted to lay on me again good morning
are you regretting staying up till 1:30
oh I'm not regretting seeing the movie
but I am so tired last night Jared
called me and asked me to go see Captain
America at the 10:30 show and it was
amazing
she will see if our oatmeal is ready hey
we did I think caramels gonna be good
how are we going tired you are such a
dad last night they stopped at a grocery
store to get my drinks for the movie
anything remembered we needed formula oh
yeah I like the whole my favorite is
Captain America though Oh yikes oh let's
see yikes
okay solo is too hot so just one he'll
try it it was all scrape the crust ease
into it okay yeah I don't know yeah that
looks so gross so so gross okay we mixed
brown sugar and bananas and I don't
think it's too bad what do you guys
think can you try that
oh hey Cody Oh G right now I think it's
pretty good do you Joel hey it's pretty
good in Boston that's just pretty
typical seriously this morning we set
the camera down we put the kids by the
table let them play for a little bit hey
stinker Pot Boston through
a great popsicle over the stairs onto
the new carpet a great popsicle it was
so much fun anyway and we've been
looking for you all morning and I just
found you we're on the couch literally
it was sitting right here
you guys were perched out here just
staring out the window you know why
watching the rain I was sitting here and
the thunder and lightning went off and
our windows were shaking and I thought
oh so I got the camera Kim it's out here
and then it never did we were both
sitting there we were both sitting there
looking at the faucets cannot avoid that
don't you ever run off like that again
you do know dad's gonna be ticked when
he sees that Joel hates when the kids
bring stuff in the suburban like in the
car because he's like it's just stuff
we're gonna lose he's like don't worry
about bringing toys kids are fine and I
told the kids I might get one little toy
and Cody comes upstairs with that y'all
gonna be so annoyed with me because I'm
letting it happen okay let's go
oh yeah that's good small boy for a road
trip I'll just put my four-wheeler in
the cab which we walked upstairs with
and he got the biggest smile on his face
I was just like yeah okay he was like
don't tell me no one to s'more name my
mom I asked if I could be a toy in the
car and she said yes and when I first
saw this I screamed because I love Belle
and really I've been wanting this and I
really love this dryness you the dress
there is this dress like the one in the
movie where she wears like a yellow
dress and the other one is right here I
don't know what this one is but I I'm
pretty sure this one is in the movie I
don't know
do I
if a vehicle by some justice
sure
I want this game
you wanna pick out another just sure my
little baby is baseball cap we are on
our way down to Joel's parents house it
is Friday and it is Mother's Day weekend
and we did not want to try and plant
flowers
I might go to nurseries and stuff on us
the sad thing for Mother's Day so we're
heading down and we're going to plant
flowers for your mama
for Mother's Day and can you probably go
to dinner or something like that but
there's the whole point
oh I was gonna say the whole reason I
pull the camera out is because I've been
sitting in here singing and it feels so
good to sing Olivia singing - the whole
time I was sick I was missing singing
like I love to sing how often do I sing
Oh any time I love it
you want to sing too don't you we like
to sing together
take it easy hey tickity say this is a
tradition that we do pretty much every
year for my mom for Mother's Day we go
get flowers petunias and marigolds
because marigolds keep away the aphids
duh and then we plant them around my
mom's flowers and that's kind of a
Mother's Day every year and so I wanted
to make sure we did that for mom this
year and I'm enjoying it and I'm
thinking about every time we've done
this from a mom spending the day with my
dad doing the house up nice so that
Sunday when it is Mother's Day the yard
looks really nice for Mom and we always
have a nice dinner and a nice Sunday and
I don't know I think I really enjoy
serving my parents I enjoy serving my
dad I enjoy serving my mom I really
enjoy serving my mom because I spent a
lot of my life growing up with her my
dad was at work where he was supposed to
be and my mom was taking care of me and
my brother is helping us with our paper
out helping us with all of our sports
and and not only that my mom was still
working another job as well okay we are
well we we I have to show you something
that mailbox I don't know if you can
tell but that is obviously not where the
mailbox goes that is on the ground and
that mailbox sits on like that thick of
diameter rebar and the entire mailbox is
a steel box and when I was a little boy
our streak that I grew up on is really
really long and it's it's really wide
it's a great road to to drag race which
I have never been caught doing on the
street I promise
anyway late at night kids would come
down our street and they would drive by
and knock all the mailboxes off and my
dad got so sick of our mailbox getting
knocked off that he he got a steel a
steel bike box welded to it and before
that we'd always just find our mailbox
like 20 feet away knocked off destroyed
but one time one time we came out in the
morning and we saw half of a metal bat
lying in the right in the gutter so I
feel really bad for whoever tried
our mailbox after my dad fixed it
because he probably had a broken arm or
something it broke off at the bottom and
there's no repairing it and and nothing
we can do about it so I am going to put
that on my list today and we're going to
get that bad boy fixed for mom - hey
pizza time what does your shirt say hey
baby
time out Pizza time I feel like it's
Pizza time right now see you later see
you later
last time we came to Grandma's house
Olivia came down here to color and as
soon as she sat down to color what
happened it's time to go and white and
she said to me she started crying she
said I wasted all my time eating and
she's like so next time I go to
Grandma's house I'm not gonna eat I'm
gonna go straight in in color and that's
just what you're doing aren't you yeah
that looks so ready and you were down
here with your cousin's um your thumb
hurts we're good you find those and Cody
was into your fine nose oh yeah they
were all just upstairs and grandma said
we don't have any fruit snacks or any
treats she's like maybe I should run to
the store and Olivia may must have found
the very last one Joel you finished just
in time look at those garbage cans they
all knocked over you seriously got done
just in time it's like just starting
like yeah this is a little crazy you can
see it's starting to rain it's blowing
yeah you can see how nasty it is up
there
when I was not a kid the sewage you're
not sewage but the water runoff was
really under sighs mm-hmm so our street
would flood I love that I love that but
the problem was is the neighbor's house
would flood to their bank every time are
you saying every time doesn't do it
morning hey my my mailbox will Sam yeah
I told everybody about that they're up
today
hi we heard a little like we had a big
comedian overreact we have a big pile
behind our house too and I loved when it
would rain cute like this cuz we'd go
play and it was the dirtiest water would
go play in a park
did you ever jump in that all there's
there's a there like a ton of water
there water runoff catches or whatever
for floods like there for flash floods
like this and we'd go swimming them and
jumping them all the time
I'm surprised we don't have like I have
a Titus or something I don't know do you
like this from behind
Hey look at his overalls he's the
happiest little conductor I've ever seen
huh huh big guy
yeah we're we're overall buddies today I
think they're so cute I hope I put on
the Instagram where I got them stuff you
wanna look at this Walmart oh hey I'm
crawling in air
look at this wall mom can you believe
this that's that's a lot of grandkids
there's more to come
more to come I think the best-looking
kid on the wall though is this guy right
there and he's good-looking
not really focusing but he's a handsome
guy whoever he is I like him oh I'm
scared too it's okay you can close this
you wanna own little bit turn on the
bathroom here it was not like Hawaii
with typhoons this is it Roy Utah so you
can Nikki yeah no no baby okay what's
this huh
we almost forgot to close the floor we
were crawling into bed oh my dog
we made home we had a really nice dinner
with Jill's mom was fun yeah it was a
lot of fun the kids loved it
Boston ate so much that his stomach was
rock-hard and he was he was complaining
about no he was sick he was sick the
whole way home it was just like Moo
anyway thank you guys so much for
watching and we'll see you in our next
video bye guys bye guys
