good morning you guys it feels so good
to be able to pick up the camera to be
able to talk and say good morning to you
guys this morning hey what you gonna be
in here - hey
this morning I was lounging around being
kind of lazy and my plan for today was
to honestly just sit around
take it easy not really get ready just
do whatever la called me invited me to
go to the park and I said no for this
afternoon I said no because I just knew
that I wasn't gonna be up to like
hauling the kids around and stuff you
had marshmallows did you guys see that
video of him having marshmallows and
Cody did you guys see that one um anyway
I was thinking oh maybe I'll just kind
of get myself ready maybe all you know I
don't know and then I just remembered my
mom telling me you'll feel better if you
just get up and get ready so I put on my
head glad you don't get enough to put on
a little concealer and then I put some
blush on and the next thing you know
I've got highlighter on and when you've
got highlighter on you go when you do
stuff so good old champagne pop right
and I kick the kids out this morning I
told them I might get outside and go
play you're driving me crazy you're not
being quiet the baby's taking a nap and
they were being crazy and I just thought
you get your own butt outside Bonnie you
go outside and get some fresh air
and it is so true like get outside get
some fresh air put your makeup on just
just do it so that's what I'm doing
today I'm just doing it Joel is at work
Livi's in school and we're just hanging
out we're just sitting in the backyard
watching the boys play and be boys
okay how old were you and you got this
code e4 and you are guys yes you're full
you got it when you were four this guy
Boston is turning three this month he's
you know he shares it with you well he
gave it to you because he why did you
give it to Kody or to Boston cuz I'm
he's starting to ride it really good he
is but you think that you're gonna get a
four wheeler Natalie take Oh show us how
you write it
and you couldn't ride this thing very
easily when you work for
and fosston manhandles that four-wheeler
drive around he man handles that for
women and just he's the boss but we
don't run into things do we
my voice is for the most part back you
can I mean you can tell there's a little
something like it almost sounds yeah
enjoy yeah get really cloth cuz it hurts
when I cost I have to be careful when I
cough and it's because I'm not here to
my bar today why they keep on moving my
legs ah don't go help him go help him
get it out of there um my throat don't
scream mmm
take his hand Boston's gonna drive and
you're gonna ride on the back get over
there as I was saying I don't even know
what I was saying basically my throat is
still really weak I have to be really
careful with it it sounds like I have
something in my throat but I don't I
just it just sounds that way because
it's still healing it's still healing
when you're acting like you don't like
your hood on you take your hood off are
you stuck there no I'm not gonna lay
peeling with my camera string let go but
I do have some toys for you to show
everyone how much you've been moving
we'll roll over it is this with some
toys that well roll over you big lump on
the log oh there we go oh my gosh did
you see him like look at him he wants to
cross so oh my gosh that's the best I've
seen him do he's excited I'm gonna grab
one of these toys up here
look at those fine toys what do you
think of that yes
Oh burps ease merps ease look at him
this is the best I've ever seen him do
go get on you guys do you see him come
on is so sweet yep he's just learning
that's the bet oh my gosh you guys
literally this is the first time he has
ever done that I never catch anything
like I swear I never catch anything good
on camera like I'm always like I never
capture the good stuff huh I literally
just caught him crawling for the first
time Lincoln Roy boy
I cannot believe him he just cuz
normally it's too hard and so he'll just
kind of fall or he won't really move but
he moved to Theni in a row oh you can't
oh you stinker you can't have my camera
you little stinker she was Shawn that
you can sit up here look that's a sturdy
baby if I ever someone can every kid
yeah wow you're really good at that
sitting up you're really good at sitting
up you lookin at them he thinks he's
gonna crawl right out of this room
doesn't he look at him can you believe
you ever seen
I see Cody likes his butt to look he
knows what he's doing doesn't he oh I
cannot believe what I am seeing
I cannot believe what I am seeing
another room Joe Joe is gonna die it
joel is going to die when he sees this I
can't wait yeah you were looking at you
mister we are looking at you mister
I cannot believe him hey look he's going
down the hall he thinks he wants to go
down to the kitchen to get a little
snacky hey what's the hag he Cody what
do you think of that he's doing it if he
had to get back on the notepad maybe he
has to go potty he's gonna be potty
trained before Boston oh yeah they don't
get baby this is insane I'm gonna call
him Winky sheep just in my leaders I
can't believe that guess what uncle
Jarrett Suzanne come get you and take it
at the park don't we meet for seated by
my cat right yep well hurry and go find
your kite she will go down sir and find
us yeah okay I think you can hold the
baby okay all baby and then you can play
the toy don't sue it's our day okay okay
plans change just a teeny tiny bit um
Ellie Jim we're gonna go to the park and
it was nap time and and I just they're
just gonna kind of get Cody instead of
all of us going so that's that yeah I'll
pen somewhere somewhere good make sure
nothing happens to make sure it's both
secured and safe you're getting ready
Jerr that's really nice of you to come
get my boy my pleasure
especial we're gonna be playing this
kind well he made me like dig it out so
he just they know the routine he know my
gosh roll in there he came round out the
doors like hi uncle Jared let me get my
kite and I'll just be in the car before
okay well you guys take my kids more oh
I told Ellie
I told Ellie I will return the favor
because he's probably my last one and
you guys are gonna be having more I'll
return the favor
okay well we appreciate okay but the
thing is like I feel as well it's like
it's not like favors that we're doing
back home for his family you know better
each other yeah I had just have I have
as much fun as these guys do well I hope
he doesn't make you man the kite instead
of him he's gonna wear you I'm gonna fly
this kite Lincoln and I are sitting here
looking at our pretty trees that have
been blossoming and I've got him here in
this Tula and a lot of people have
wondered what my thoughts are on the
Tula would I ever buy one again no um
because it okay it's super comfortable
and he fits in here so well that's what
I will say the reason I say I would not
buy it again hojo spit up on me don't
spit up on me is because you can't face
him out words like in this he can only
face towards me you can't face him out
words a long time ago Joel and I bought
one from Walmart it's not the most
comfortable for sleeping but just
carrying a baby around it was like $30
from Walmart playing black you can face
them in you can face them out this you
can put them on your back or your front
but you can't face them out and that to
me that's like a deal-breaker because
Joel doesn't wear a baby this way Joel
wears them facing out
so if I was to do it again would I buy
this no I wouldn't I really want it but
it is very comfortable
well Olivia just saw Lincoln crow for
the first time and she's a pretty dang
excited haha she walked in the door song
crawl and just started while doing this
usually in the evening while the kids
are playing
Lincoln's drinking his bottle Olivia and
I usually pick out what you see that was
so cool what
good job Boston we need to pick out oh
your room is so messy we need to pick
out an outfit for Olivia to wear that's
what we do in the evenings don't we I
want to wear this thing but you get too
dirty and scruffy a squad that's not
really a school outfit oh my are you
sure you want to wear your yellow shirt
yeah hey I made this bow for Olivia when
she was I think 18 months old I got to
braid hair and this is our outfit of
choice she wanted to wear her workout
outfit because she has PE tomorrow you
guys it's official that little baby is
into everything I left him on the floor
ran a search to get something I came
back downstairs and he was in the
bathroom good thing you're the most
responsible guess what six-year-old I've
ever known my life face but your record
Lincoln crawling why wouldn't you want
me to record that what's up what damn
brick six San Francisco rule San
Francisco Zoo yes yes what about it uh
there's two Z's are threats it's two
teeth when they're together
that's pretty cool oh do you want to
tell everyone the song you're singing
we've been learning about the song
breathe breathe hey Lena what song is
that that's twinkle twinkle little star
in what language
a Portuguese right so I was able to get
the kids band I'm very very sorry I was
able to get the kids pav√©d and they all
needed all their feats were brown and
your feet get so stinky at school huh
so we're all just playing down here and
I think we're just gonna call it a night
it's almost bedtime I'm in edit the
video and that'll be that so thank you
guys so much for watching and we'll see
in our next video bye guys bye
