good morning guys Bonnie and I are just
sitting on the couch just sitting
because Bonnie's sister came and took
the kids and Lincoln's asleep and we can
just sit we can just sit and do nothing
for like two minutes so we wanted to sit
and talk to you guys and it seriously
feels amazing like I can't believe the
baby is still asleep
he has been asleep for like how many
hours has he been asleep for he's gonna
pass to now he's been just like like two
and a half hours which I feel like I had
a big part in training him on his
napping or at least enforcing it well
you're gonna like play the camera on me
I'm over here ah
see we're all the time he's like hey
buddy how you doing I'm over here until
you're such a freak I'm supposed to be
in the films not shooting the films but
see your point okay okay say no there we
go okay we're on the fire plane it's a
pretty fireplace can you tell my voice
comes in out obviously like I'm healed
up for the most part I'm still sore but
it's not nearly as sore but I feel like
I'm not talking mmm no yeah I think so
you see sounds a little caramel II like
if that even makes sense it sounds like
just something's like connected not
connected I don't know just a little
like there's something in my throat like
it says I've got stuff in my throat but
it's just maybe it's I'm talking that
way till I protect myself you know like
maybe I'm trying to talk a certain way
to like not on purpose but you know can
you mean I see it I hear that what psych
yeah that was good I feel like I've been
totally out of the loop these last
couple weeks which I have like oh yeah
you've been everything like Joel has
manned everything with Cody's birthday
I felt so bad like I wanted to focus
more on his birthday but I just couldn't
like I just didn't have the mind
strength to focus on his birthday and I
know that Mother's Day is coming up and
all I've wanted to do is like think of
like the perfect gift for Mother's Day
when you're choosing a card for people
you
honestly like it has to be thought that
goes into that I was looking at the
Hallmark signature cards and there are
so many different cards out there to
choose from they have sparkly ones they
have beautiful ones they have full of
dimension cards and it's like okay what
is my mom really like so when I think
about my mom I had to think about the
type of person that she is and I know a
lot of you guys know my mom you've seen
her in my videos you've seen her in my
siblings videos and you know just the
type of person that she is she's not the
type that throws glitter around when she
walks like that's just not hurt my mom
is kind of a quiet underdog when she she
makes anyone feel loved and welcomed
something that amazes me about her is
that she can have like dignitaries in
her home people that are just very
important in society and then she can
have the lowliest of people in her home
and it doesn't matter they're going to
be treated the exact same and that is
they're gonna be treated just amazingly
she she is a wonderful person to give of
everything she has my mom is not
ordinary in the least and so I didn't
want to get her an ordinary card so I
wanted to show you the card that I
picked for her so this is the card I
chose to get from my mom the apron on
the girl is so cute and when you open
the card you can actually untie it and
pull the rest of that handkerchief out
and it's a cute handkerchief and my mom
has so many pretty handkerchiefs from
her mom anyway the card says happy
Mother's Day to someone who's simply
amazing
so celebration worthy and loved a ton so
that's the one I got from my mom and
Joel's mom is super crafty and so we
decided to get this one for her it says
love is a way of life and you can
actually the directions tell you that
you can pull this string and you can
actually detach the wreath so you can
keep the wreath which I'm sure she won't
love and it says thanks for always
showing me that love isn't something you
say it's something you do happy Mother's
Day
mom you can find Hallmark signature
cards on any card aisle where Hallmark
cards are sold and I will make sure to
put their link in the description bar
down below
good morning
daddy's getting you on washcloth to wash
your face ah my knee you are happy look
at you you're gonna get your feet stuck
one of these days and you're gonna cry
cry cry until I come in and unstick your
foot I think you're gonna do it right
now
look like he's gonna get his foot stuck
look do you remember how many times our
kids have gotten their face stuck in the
crib bars every day for the past two
weeks that boys coming Kristin hey hi
you know you're not gonna be happy in a
second I know I always hate having to
wash their buggies off their faces he's
taking it like a champ oh okay okay
when did you pick out for him baby
green beans that's like the least
favored and all the kids of green beans
boys like a Chia oh my gosh does he like
green beans probably not anything that's
got food
hey why don't you get me applesauce with
bananas because we only have so many of
those and you gotta eat the bad stuff so
those are my favorite ones to feed him
because I know I like him so I would
never are you I leave the I leave the
green beans to Joe laughing to him oh
he's so excited yeah yeah that's
anything yeah that's good open up how
hard are you trying not to make faces
right now
I've been practicing so I was really
hoping he would do the face whenever
he'd be winking he pulled
the most atrocious thing kids the other
kids not only would make fun of me for
the faces I make so we don't do that
anymore
well everyone opens their mouth in hopes
that I don't get the baby open their
mouths and Georgie did it just know it's
like I have a parent and so because it's
just his upper lip oh yes it's like just
his upper lip then you try and say yes
did you do that on purpose it's like
it's like just as upper lip and I did
like I don't know and we discussed it
her - laughs I'm just kidding it's
really funny it's very attractive let us
eat in peace you know I love you huh and
then be me she's talking to you bud yeah
but he is getting better eating cuz it's
not like all over his face like he can
eat it and it just gets on that look at
him stare at me what are you looking at
it P face no being fake are you looking
at are you looking at green beans huh
hey string bean buddy yeah what are you
looking at string bean I kind of do feel
like lonely without the kids don't you
know I guess you are the one that's had
work everyday it's positive 2 weeks 2
weeks for me having surgery but 3 weeks
because I was sick the whole week
beforehand so you kind of a creating
stress I bet this does feel nice to you
I feel like I miss him
I miss the kid huh they can stay gone
for a little bit longer then climb over
the windward movie came and got him
button I think they're having fun well
you guys thank you so much for watching
I feel so funny talking like this is
such a distraction he he's a better
eater than this he performs way better
than those guys we swear
anyway thank you guys so much for
watching I will see you in our next
video bye guys
