good morning you guys today I really
want to do the marshmallow challenge
that my sister Julie tagged me in
because I'm really excited to see if my
kids will actually eat the marshmallow
or if they can wait you'll know what I'm
talking about once we get into it but
first I want to thank Aveeno for
sponsoring this video
when Aveeno came to me and wanted me to
be an ambassador for them I was very
excited to say yes because I have had a
vino in my home for years
I remember when Olivia was a little baby
every single one of my children have
very sensitive skin and I remember going
through several different lotions and I
was able to use a few different products
with them and I remember a video of
being one of them I have a small thing
of a vino in my handbag right now that I
carry around with me because I like it
so it was very easy for me to integrate
and a vino product into my videos this
is the Aveeno active Naturals daily
moisturizing lotion it's a shear lotion
my routine for moisturizing my skin is
when I get out of the shower I wrap my
hair up in a towel and with my body
still slightly damp all lather
head-to-toe in lotion and that's how I
like to keep my skin healthy Thank You
Aveeno for wanting to work with me now
let's get into our marshmallow challenge
on my sister Julie's channel she did a
delayed Theory test with marshmallows
and she challenged me to do it it was
quite a while ago but better late than
never so my other sister Ruby did it as
well my brother beau did it and I just
thought it would be cute to see these
guys as reactions he hasn't seen any of
the challenges he thinks that we're
doing like throw marshmallows in your
mouth type of a challenge but this is
going to be more of a simple challenge
so what I'm going to do is I'm going to
give you one marshmallow and I'm going
to put it on the table and I'm going to
set the
timer for 10 minutes and you're going to
stay here you can either eat the
marshmallow and have just one but if you
wait and you don't eat that marshmallow
and the timer goes off after 10 minutes
I'll give you another one so you can
have two what would you rather have one
marshmallow or - two - okay then if you
want
okay okay Boston Boston says he wants to
as well for why are you smiling
you're so excited
I'll be good I can be a bigger the
marshmallow fee
yeah okay here is one marshmallow when
you hear the timer go off that means
that 10 minutes is up
still I can't eat it I'll tell you okay
okay you ready yeah
set go if you eat it you don't get too
late if you eat it you don't get to yeah
not wait 10 minutes and when the timer
goes off that will be 10 minutes and
I'll bring you another Marshall so you
can have to okay okay okay here we go
Thomas taking forever
did you did you eat your marshmallow
what did you eat a little bit you liked
it but this is what I predicted I didn't
think you were gonna eat it I knew you
can wait so you know what what happens
now that you didn't eat it I another one
you get another one you get two
marshmallows now you can eat them fit
you did so good that's exactly what I
thought was going to happen I think that
we should try Boston and my prediction
is that he's gonna need it that he won't
wait the ten minutes I wouldn't be
surprised if he waited but I think he's
gonna eat it
good job good you'll get five does it
taste sweet sweet goodness good I have
one marshmallow for you and I'm going to
put it right here on your plate and I'm
going to set the timer for ten minutes
and then I'm going to go on my bedroom
if you eat the marshmallow then you're
all done go fit enough look dreams done
but if you don't eat your marshmallow
I'll give you two would you rather have
one marshmallow or two and you want to
yeah
okay if you got two marshmallows you
can't beat this when I leave okay so you
sit right here on your chair and you
just sit here and wait for the timer to
go off can you wait for the timer to go
off on the microwave they'll say be feed
okay
okay don't eat it if you want to have to
can you do that or okay all can get you
and I'll tell you when it's time to push
is it really squishy it's kind of sticky
now don't eat it if you want to have to
I'm going to go to my room and I'll come
get you when it's time to eat it okay go
I'll be back in a minute
I am so proud of you you don't eat your
marshmallow did you eat it did you eat
it you waited was it hard I can't
believe you waited honey so proud of you
dude it's so good because you waited you
get to do you want to I am so proud of
you hey go ahead and eat him up guys nah
he put the whole thing in his mouth
Boston is that taste good I'm so proud
of you I think it's so funny that he
waited I don't know why would I think
it's funny thank you guys so much for
watching today I had a lot of fun doing
this Julie this was a good idea thank
you for tagging us and we'll see you
guys in our next video bye guys
