okay blankets up on you so you're nice
somewhere okay go ahead good morning
everybody
she's being shy Olivia is never here
with us in the mornings because she
always goes to school so when we start
our vlogs she's not here and she said
mom can I please say good morning to the
vlog he wanted to do that huh as a
current Joel and the boys are where
Edgar Kurt Church and where are we in
dad we are sitting here in my bed we are
watching TV and what did we just have
for ice cream dang it what does he just
have for breakfast Katie nice cream well
the kids had cake
and we had ice cream because I didn't
want oatmeal because that's all I've
been eating for breakfast is oatmeal I
had a cough with like a dry throat like
it hurried so bad that daddy let me stay
home mm-hmm
do you guys love this leg look I've got
going on I've got like mascara like what
the heck what the heck is wrong with my
hair so it's like noon right now and I'm
just waking up I woke up and she came in
my room I'm like Olivia don't wake me up
it's too early and she's like dad went
to church my dad went to church like
church starts at 11:00 didn't even know
it
we know he went to drink at the right
time yeah but I didn't know it was the
right time I didn't realize how late it
was so I'm like get in bad girl what's
that's my scream for I guess that would
be considered lunch okay I got done
taking the best longest hottest bath and
it felt amazing I'm just coming through
my house and I am opening windows and I
oh that breeze feels so good
those of you guys to open windows I
swear like things get dirty like the
wind or the breeze it makes things get
like not just dusty but dirt eyes here
daddy's here while he take oh hi god
I've been trying to get the house
somewhat picked up because joel has been
doing everything for like the last two
three weeks three weeks and so I just
thought while he was away I thought I
would like hurry trying to get things
taken care of but like I'm still really
weak and I don't know if that's like I
don't know if that's pitiful
typical I don't know I mean I am
starting to eat more so I am noticing my
energy picking up
but as I'm cleaning I just don't want to
get rid of these flowers that olivia has
picked for me obviously they're like
dying well dead um but I just love them
so much every time I looked at him I
thought of my sweet girl what do you
have for legality are you see here I
mean here do deli meat look oh your
paper English Lucy Georgian TVs do magic
are you caring what do you do with them
I'm not feeling well what do you not so
well you came into primary with me are
you kidding came into the first half and
then like when we went in to combine
came in with me what tell me what does
it feel good are you my angel innate
that's what you think that you had cake
for breakfast sure why do I have this
shirt because I just wanted mommy and
I'll move and I was wanting a bath at
the bath bomb you know what you can
totally do that okay but I had a bath on
this morning Olivia had a bath on this
morning and you can uh-huh
you want one nice Maria I'll get I'll
let you have a nap oh you have to go
back to church Boston came here
nearly all of my killings back he did oh
wow it says I've been reading the
scriptures Leia how did you color that
house as is this fiber there through
spiders in your church box yeah I don't
know if that's real or not he said there
was two spiders in his church class
always look so handsome
yes Daddy get you ready this morning
here I like my idea looks pretty good
all I did was get a little water on the
comb and come the truth oh my word my
handsome baby boy hey oh that's okay
really good night mom you slept good so
you gonna pick out another new toy yeah
so for Cody's birthday he got lots of
cool stuff but the kids haven't been
going to bed well like at all
Angela's birthday all of his toys were
out in the living room and I had a had
it so after I went and put them back in
their beds like for the 20th time oh
yeah and like for like twentieth day in
a row I took all of his to every single
one of them gathered him up put him in
my room and told them they were not to
get him back
so Easter and the very next night they
went straight to sleep and you got to
pick one toy back and then the next
night you went to sleep perfectly and
you ought to pick another toy back huh
so slowly you're getting your toys back
aren't you yeah I love you so much
okay what were you trying to hide um so
if we furnish scriptures and read in the
wave but till if we brought them that
and we didn't read them then we get one
and one being to put in the big tall jar
and just look at your fourth when it's
full
oh I've got this church I know it can we
can get it it matches leaking oh my gosh
so your jar at church with real beans
the you guys worked so hard to fill up
your sub trying to jelly beans
that is all fair that you look so
handsome my booger faced baby you my
booger face baby you look handsome how
was he at church today he's great
go worth it Oh got a really cool
motorcycle oh I think that's pretty cool
too grandma Helene bought that for Kody
huh
yeah but Glenn chemistry right Kody can
share it one okay stand up huh yes my
baby is still in diapers and you know
whose fault that is well it's my fault
and daddies because we're just I think
we just aren't ready to do it half the
time he doesn't pee his diaper and goes
in the potty it's just there for when
we're in town when we don't want to like
it's because we're being lazy that's the
only reason he's in diapers but I wanted
to show him his new shirt this is a view
from his closet that's my closet is this
your closet yeah and do we play in our
closet no this shirt says Pizza time
it's at a time out and you can see this
side time out is a sad face and when I
saw this I thought of you do you like
your new shirt because pizza time with a
happy face and that says time out this
jawed fish you look down and you see it
says time out there's this frowny face
but when you see pizza time there's a
happy face and you like pizza do you
like standing in the corner yeah you
don't again
that everyone that watches our channel
knows that sometimes you have to stand
in the corner
yeah here let's put it on the image that
day
that's pretty cool dear Oh y'all clean
it you want to show Cody this oh my gosh
it fits you perfectly
cannot believe how windy it is can you
guys hear that wind holy cow the bubble
look at the bubbles are going nuts
Boston is just standing there like I'm
too cold to blow bubbles can you hear
that you guys we are next to a canyon
and we get the craziest Canyon winds I
don't know if it seems as intense on
camera as it does out here but like look
see that um what's it called some sort
of Joel's thing what the heck is that
called
anyway pull off his four-wheeler the
four-wheeler cover whoa aah this formula
oh my word
like the bubbler just on meds yeah
that's funny
any name winds going nuts off in the
middle of the night stuff just bangs
against our windows was crazy I was
getting worried when I couldn't see the
kids out in the backyard I was inside
doing the dishes and I thought we're
coming in here cause we're cold and so
we got we got take your clothes off and
then we're gonna spit on them so then
we're not cold in the back they unloaded
this bin that we have full of like duh
your people high cafe shirt
okay now and time out yes you're a bum
you know you guys you're gonna sit on it
sit on it now your dad stood on it okay
I hope you guys I'm glad you guys found
shelter from the wind movie and move
your hand Cody hey at least they're
being creative that's all that matters
right I do not think there is anything
more perfect in this world than a
sleeping baby huh
like are you kidding me no such
perfection oh my sweet guy like is that
all you want to do is just bad guys that
was rough getting the kids in bed that
was not fun we went over to LAN Jarrod's
and that was the problem we got him too
worked up they weren't very worked up
and when it was time for bed it was just
like the most chaos we've ever had but
right now if you listen friends tomorrow
is Monday and we are gonna start our
like regular routine again like Joel's
gonna be going back to work I'm gonna be
having the kids and are you scared to
death well my voice just kind of got
shaky because I am like a little nervous
because mornings are a little rough but
I just wanted to say how amazing of a
job Joe has done taking care of the kids
taking care of the house doing the
laundry he told me last night it was a
stupidest thing I've ever said so I was
complimenting him like crazy and he said
something like oh I've been trying to
keep the house clean and I said well
it's not as clean as I usually have it
why did I say that
why did what like what purpose did that
serve and then he kind of got defensive
and he was like what did you say I don't
remember but I'm looking at well he was
like I have tried keeping this house
clean to your standards he's like I have
been trying it was the dumbest thing
like I totally ruined the moment because
I was just when I was cleaning like do
and then of course Eli gold
but the d---rom Andre he's been in my
shoes he's had he's been doing my role
and he said I told Bonnie this I said
there is no way on earth anybody can
ever say that a stay-at-home mom does
not work hard they work their guts out
they they don't you get up with somebody
and you go to bed with somebody working
you're constantly doing something that
you just don't have idle minutes and it
took me a little while to get a routine
figured out but once I did it wasn't
quite as bad but but it's rough it's
hard it's a lot of work there is
downtime like and I appreciate the
downtime because when you're at work you
Joe is literally on his feet that was
hard to say on his feet for 12 straight
hours and he doesn't get downtime he is
praising me being a stay-at-home mom and
I am praising you for your stinking hard
work at work I just think that we really
appreciate each other like the like the
things that we do to make our house run
and I just like I appreciate you and I
appreciate you appreciating me I will
say this though at the end of the day my
work is just work but there is something
sweet and tender about fulfilling
spending time with the children I have
had to get after them and work with them
and straighten them out but sitting
there and just catching little glimpses
that I thought I miss a lot being at
work the Bonnies got to enjoy that is a
blessing that is that is a perk of the
job that's a benefit package that that
is not available for any working career
that I had it's just part of your
benefit package you don't exist your
employees and you better not be sleeping
with us ah I'm sorry that's awkward for
those of you that don't know we post
Monday Wednesday and Friday and a lot of
times we post in between those days too
when we have extra footage I don't know
like the the more I do this the more I
want to like I feel like I need to keep
you in the loop summer times we post
or two so just if you're not subscribed
go ahead and subscribe and we'll see you
in our next video bye guys bye guys
