oh my good gracious I know I look
horrified
I have lashes going like every which
direction but even just since yesterday
can you hear how well I'm talking right
now it's extra painful like talking
hurts a lot
but I have to this is such a huge moment
maybe boy came in and I was kissing
kissing kissing him as much as I could
before I went down for his first map and
guess what I put my little fingers in
his mouth and I feel maybe you can see
oh let me let me call the handle may I
go like camera string you crazy baby
totally move your hands isn't written
come on crazy made me let me shake it ah
you see that I'm shooting there's two
and there okay chase off the camera baby
boy okay Cody get your finger in your
baby's mouth and you feel those sharp
teeth feeling those are really sure do
you see them yeah oh yeah they are sharp
you're coming in really my thing
total babies t give up on a bit come
upon the fan he's gonna bake I can now
listen listen Boston he will not bite
you he doesn't know it okay he doesn't
know how John appeal his routine only
guess what one time break kept letting
the wind and get my nose okay I feel
like oh you're gonna bite it you know
why honey I want you to feel his new
teeth oh look take your finger like this
my bubblegum did daddy get that for you
and it's been really hard for over one
can you feel can you feel him yeah what
do you think Boston
I know he's kind of a stalker well you
don't like it yeah I don't think he's
being a stinker
I remember all of the kids going through
like a little like needy phase kind of
needy look at this baby I'm kind of
needy kind of sassy kind of I don't know
temperamental I think it's just a little
baby smelling proof all right Olivia is
dying to tell us tell me why you got
that I ask that if I could buy a treat
and I asked me she'd wanna buy a treat
or tip eat some uh some food and they
said I want to get a treat and then I
looked at the like where we got those
pizza treats yes I didn't see any and
then they boost something and they were
different and they had these little pink
bubble machine yes
and I got the blue line next time who
wants to blow so you picked up a bullet
hole this turning thing you can see the
arrows they say that you turn it and
something comes out of it and that's
nice afternoon but can you believe how
you can hear me talking yeah
I think last night a miracle happened
while I was waving have you chewed up
several pieces of gum Jose laughing um
change it she MacGyver the crap out of
this little bubble gum machine she
chewed up her gum and she put it there
because the bubble kept falling off your
jolly on my word
he's crying on my face I'm missing keep
talking there's AI yeah no I want to see
what he does
oh shut your mouth are you seeing this
we haven't seen this all week so yeah
he's like really like being active I
think he's gonna be a little more
aggressive then than we think
what I've been saying that he could be
fast oh my word look at him
well he's strong like he doesn't whine
and complain look him he's trying to
crawl up me
nobody gets him why because mommy gets
him right now I've just like I've just
been missing him from day one or surgery
I'm just gone like downhill every single
day and yesterday I think it's starting
to do this like I know it's been crazy
Casey wanted to jump off the bed mount
on there Oh she'll often very nosy
started John there we go um yesterday
was the first day that I improved and uh
he's just tired and um today I feel good
I look at this face like this please um
Bobby's just like getting ginormous I
feel like I'm like getting better now
oh yeah hi I didn't think this day was
ever gonna come thinking mom let me
please LM a solid two weeks I was like
how come you're not better yeah Betty
I'm like because I just had major
surgery it is considered major surgery
my work was like do you really need two
weeks off and like yeah yeah I do got
one let him go I get just okay mungus
put her to bed uh
no you're in better man I'm gonna kiss
him until he's gonna move oh you ready
for man he's just a girl I think he's
enjoying me I think so yeah
he's run a fistful of URIs go oh why are
you rushing me out of this I'm gonna
punch you because the second I put him
down I can relax for a minute um I'm
going to punch you very very hard he is
trying to rush me and I'm like no you're
not rushing me this oh he's ready for
you he's ready for you
Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln how can i how
can I
hey I love you I love you good night
um what do you ask me every single
morning when you see me what do you ask
me Oh see my throat's are really hurting
right now and I've been talking too much
I got overzealous Cody Tom what you tell
me why you asked me every morning oh my
god you see mom oh hi I know and if
daddy sees you with that
I'm only if daddy sees you with that out
of your mouth he's gonna be mad don't
you take that out of your mouth okay how
are you feeling today that is what he
asks me every single morning huh yeah
yeah no I have a question for you
how are you feeling this morning because
you have lots of Ali's last night yeah
because he fell out of the tree he'd
fall out of a tree I told them about it
and guess what I'm serious my leg is so
mad at you right now what you think
that's funny to you crazy stinkers ah
Santa pitch from your jammies Chrissy
who got those for you yes I saw those
and I said oh my word those a princess
Japanese need to get on Olivia's
princess body huh and are they cozy for
me now I wanted to do this hey you all
know around I know sure what I'm gonna
do
oh I'm little scared oh that's that was
Wow Wow
yep Cody's been a little sweetheart
haven't you code yeah
making sure his mommy's like a gamer oh
this is oh dear heaven I'm okay baby
just went down for bed oh my gosh
exactly sure why we're doing this I need
to go I love you
yes and you feel me
hey hey Carly can you feel this
yeah can you take oh I think that's
funny Olivia can you take 400 you're
putting it on - you made me I'm careful
with baby boy Sally's come on out you
praise me ah Cody huh how many days till
his birthday oh I'm a little bit shocked
right now that I like talking so well
like right as I said that my medicine
that kicked in my kitchen and I was just
like ah
so this medication makes me very like I
think I says every single blog like it's
be like clammy and sweaty and like
really dizzy but it really does help
with the pain so I have really enjoyed
relaxing um I mean I'm like miserable
but I've enjoyed it like I've had like I
keep the windows open so the sunshine
comes in like I take naps when the Sun
is like shining in on me
I feel like Joel so good dog taking care
of um weird voice Boston any kitchen do
you think he's okay mm-hmm four five six
seven eight and guess what there's up up
areas there's meat there's purple
there's blue those ready and but I ate
all the yellows oh yeah doing any plans
today no I wanna get some yogurt now
rainin um heck no you're not doing here
I'm working today
okay just the person who doesn't do the
yard work the lawn is like ten inches
long it is Saturday I'm actually feeling
a little bit good actually it's like I
think I feel good they're gonna walk out
the door and I'm gonna sleep for five
hours that's probably what it's actually
gonna happen anyway
you need to sleep you want to go out you
want to get out of the house I'm not
I sure that seems like a lot I feel what
did you say to me you I keep thinking
that I'm better than I am so like I'll
get up and do stuff and then it's like
then you're done you're done you're down
for the count
yeah so we may or may not go somewhere
today I may or may not get out of bed
today
I don't really know let me enjoy saying
goodbye to everybody wait uh-huh
happy birthday Cody here good night you
want to say goodbye to everybody
goodbye say goodbye everybody yeah bye
everybody have a really good day
everybody how many good hey everybody I
love wearing my sister's foot flops
everybody and that what those are what
the ones on your feet hey what's on your
feet slippers my you don't like a half
you let me give you a half a piece yeah
and that makes you sad ya know maybe
I'll talk with her okay yeah can I gotta
have a big smile we have so many new
subscribers welcome to our channel your
guide yes you're like hair and make
welcome oh man that's not okay
did you put all your alleys again hey
okay I'm gonna pull all this hair well
it'll make you're always not I need to
have everyone's hair I don't know how
I'm gonna get nice and ash go get hurt
that's level thank you guys so much for
watching see you later see you guys
