good morning everybody for the past week
I have been taking care of Olivia
every morning and this morning we kind
of got a nice surprise as I was getting
Olivia dressed and all the boys were in
diapers change bonnie medicine stairs
and she did Olivia's beautiful beautiful
hair look how long it is all week long I
have done Olivia's hair done it in
braids and mostly just the ponytail but
honestly thought I should look at
Bonnie's youtube hair tutorials and
learn how to do her hair because look
how cute it is and Bonnie makes it easy
and showed me exactly how to do it and
it's easy it's so long look at that
Caleb bug we got your homework done got
your hair did
we got your reading done we'll finish
your home tonight okay well let's get
you to school okay okay we woke up to
this on old the windows a thick amount
of fog from that humidifier running but
it's the only thing naked Bonnie's
throat not be too too dry
last night when I stood in the kitchen
with Bonnie we were talking and she just
kept opening cupboards and opening the
fridge I think hoping every time there'd
be something different in there for her
to eat and there's not me and the boys
made a mad dash down to Farmington place
to pick up a couple of things for Bonnie
some lush balls and some special food
that she requested look these there's
eggs look who's that
can you see who that is that's Humpty
Dumpty can you see it I thought it was a
dinosaur this way came to Lush got the
stuff Bonnie wants I think picked up a
couple for the kids
drain the bank account and that's just
what we're doing
you like the blue ones up there and
those ones see once I gave him some free
way and bold blue ones did you guys want
a bubble bath one green let me show you
which one you guys got hook see that
blue one right there looks like a blue
cinnamon roll that's the one you guys
got okay no no we already we got Olivia
another one okay come on boys
nope she gets just one mom gets to rest
we just got to the place and it is
and this is how your bathroom when it's
just you can't get a man so we're bodies
family
this is the whole reason you come here
so you can just watch some donuts be
made and in just a minute we will start
seeing some of the donuts coming through
being made it's running we got here just
as they stopped making the fresh like
just regular glazed and that's when
they'll give you a free one but now
they're making stuffed ones I think they
just do just watch but you're gonna love
it
is that the epitome of glazed and
confused
hmm man huh you know what I'm talking
about you know what I'm talking about
hey I was gonna have Bonnie see the
surprise when she started editing
tonight but I just couldn't wait like
I'm terrible at this
I'll have a surprise for Bonnie and all
I want to do is give it to her I'll be
like I have a surprise remover and it
just makes her so medics then she has to
wait so I'm not gonna make her wait it's
not worth it Cody
go get mom and bring her so she can see
her surprise
okay Boston are you ready no they're all
bit oh it's all the same what you're out
on let me see
Boston's rosy cheeks why do you guys
look like you've been in the Sun for two
weeks now okay show Mom what all you got
yeah but the rest of the family shares
these musings our mommies only and the
pink ones are for Olivia the boys
already had theirs we'll have some more
should we have another one in a minute
what there's a donut machine there they
sat and watched it forever yeah and it
dude I don't think that the doors go in
and then they make them bigger bigger
and this makes a mess oh they always
want to drink it look at you you're
happy to be chewing on something
you're a happy guy now kind don't hurt I
don't know but that's not I'm scared of
it Jeff are we drove over a hundred
miles literally it's over a hundred
miles round-trip to get down to where we
needed to get stuff and back but two
things were accomplished Bonnie got the
stuff she needed and then I'm sorry but
I don't know I want to get this left she
needed and Bonnie got lots of sweets she
just slept until we got home maybe like
30 minutes before we got home so she
slept all morning Bonnie just said to me
she doesn't know what makes her more
happy the kids in their little hats that
little silhouette right there or her
surprise for herself I think she's happy
that she's being taken care of and the
kids are being taken care of and that's
ultimately what she cares about she's
such a mom cares about her kids
well they were happy huh are you guys
happy all day yeah did we have a sucker
on the way down yeah yeah banana ones my
eyes today if you came in the Hat this
morning as we were walking out he came
in and he got that septum and I'm like I
don't care we gotta go and seriously
exalt fishing fishing a bug like a fly
like flew into his eyeball Bonnie gets
asked all the time which is her favorite
lush balls and I don't know the name
this one's like honey something I think
oh no lemon something and then I don't
know this one but it's white sparkly it
looks like birthday cake pretty much her
favorite absolutely favorite ones so if
you want the two but she likes these are
damaged
oh my word
get that bag get the bag
Oh we're gonna lose battery he's getting
so big
Oh his legs are terrible to change his
diapers you try to straighten his legs
out and he just fights you like you you
feel like you're breaking them to try
and pry em and get them to open so you
can change the stinky little bum he's
getting big I HIV quick between me and
you both um I put it in my backpack I
have something for you
me and the boys we had to go this
morning to run errands for mommy
and I was so sad Olivia pocket is not
there with me so I brought you back
something special gave me hey Cody you
must've found it outside he gave you
that baby cake anyway I'll write PV
downstairs right it's a different like
camp video yeah here what one yours
labor one mm-hmm
oh I love you Mike just always it this
one yeah my father's know we share ours
we're on our way to uncle Jarrett's
party it's his birthday
I sound manly I feel sweaty a little
dizzy very hungry um happy birthday Gary
thank you so much I appreciate you guys
coming and celebrating my birthday with
me I'm the best brother-in-law in the
world you are the only you're the best
brother-in-law in the brother you're the
only one here well I got you the
greatest present in the world what's
that pushing boy
what what is that what do you mean I'm
gracing me with my present ha ha ha ha
hello Cora I told I said on the vlog
that I said the only thing that I could
ask for today is spending time with my
family and that's what I'm doing
oh thank you for the best present happy
how did you know you'll be using your
trailer all summer god we're good hey
happy birthday Jared thank you so much I
got away I just got away that's it I
gotcha buddy
we had a really fun time at Jared's
birthday party but poor Cody climbed up
a tree and fell out and landed on his
bike and got very scraped up the only
thing that would get him to stop crying
was his very own soda that he could have
in the bathtub so that's exactly what we
gave him a soda a piece of birthday cake
and a bubble bath and Cody was even nice
enough to share with his sister Olivia I
want to ask John would you rather be
home here and doing what you're doing
aren't work Mike does this feel like a
break to you from work or like anything
on this it's okay well that's like
there's like two parts to that question
because on one sense I think work when I
go to work it's less I don't know
demanding 24/7 the kids the kids don't
wanna Nestle are you just saying like
don't no no no no no your viewers I know
and I've said this for years bonnie has
a very hard job being a stay-at-home mom
taking care of the kids is a lot of work
and I feel like it's taken me a full
week to finally get my routine down so
that I can actually like feel like I'm
doing this the way is close too late
Bonnie does it in the way I feel like I
kind of want to do it a little bit but I
didn't tell her I'm like I have ways of
doing things and you're not gonna ruin
my
not necessarily waste but like the kids
the sleep times and all that the kids
are kind of ingrained on that and we
don't want to disrupt that this is far
more rewarding I mean I go to work I
enjoy what I do
I feel good at the end of the day at
work but is very rewarding taking care
of the kids putting the kids down there
are a lot of times where I don't see the
kids when I get up in the morning and I
don't see them when I go home so I miss
him
like all I see him is sleep in their
beds and it has been very rewarding to
spend quality time with them so hard to
talk I'm trying to talk loud for you
I'll interpret we have had a lot of new
subscribers recently and we want to just
say welcome to our channel and if you're
not subscribed feel free to subscribe
and everybody else we'll see you in our
next video okay
