thank you Lincoln stop it baby get your
hair oh yeah
Bonnie is so sad that she is missing his
teeth coming in mm-hmm they're starting
to break yeah they're breaking she's so
sad I gotta wipe your face off
well look they're great good morning
everybody
I feel like after one week of taking
care of Lincoln I've gotten hang of
putting him down for a nap that's
something that I had to learn how to do
but I think we've gotten it figured out
and now he goes down pretty good she
takes his two naps and then he goes to
bed really well with dad huh he didn't
sleep through the night last night very
good it was bad yeah he was a little
fussy last night in the middle of the
night but other than that I think he's
going down pretty good the number one
thing with nap time with him I think he
has to be full hi you bought him some
food he's just getting to be a big boy
we got to lay you down all happy we got
to get you to let go of my streams nope
I put the blanket from grandma first now
watch this watch this he'll put his arms
up what he's a happy Napper
and then this blanket from a subscriber
mm-hmm he figured ah put speaking
camera might be destroyed yeah we go
okay good night bud you get out of there
fast excited to see mom yes Bonnie has
asked me to help communicate with you
guys what she's trying to say she can't
really communicate with us at all so
this is how she's doing it with notes on
her iPhone she wanted me to say Bonnie
said the number one thing that has
helped her with her recovery is her
humidifier she said as far as pain goes
waking up today was a little better than
yesterday so that's positive Bonnie
needs to get out of the house
Bonnie also needs to wash her hair since
Bonnie can't drive I'm gonna drop her
off at her favorite hair salon of seven
years and wash and have her wash and dry
it for her I'm honestly sad to see
Bonnie's pigtails go because it's cute
to see him she used to do those all the
time when we were in high school and I
remember them and I love them and we
have thousands of photos of Bonnie with
her pigtails as a kid
I'll make sure that Bonnie gets a
picture of her hair when they take the
braids out because it's gonna look crazy
and Olivia is gonna just love it Bonnie
just got done with her appointment and
when she went in she was coherent but by
the time she got done her medication
Folie kicked in again and she was sweaty
and dizzy and just the lady had to be
like are you okay are you okay like
Nathan honor you know like are you Kavon
he's just loopy at it out of it
anyway and so they had to help her all
the way out and Bonnie was waiting for
me to come pick her up and she just
bonnie's uh Bonnie's in kind of a bad
state right now and just it was your
ears that were hurting so mad making you
dizzy
they said all those muscles that they
cut and everything all the nerves are
directly connected to your ears and so
he's like it's just gonna feel like a
nightmare I'll tell you what I am very
glad that I've been that I have that
time off to be home with Blahniks you
could not take care of herself
there's no let alone take care of the
kids but she can't even she can't
function right now so I was given two
full weeks of FMLA from my work and and
it is definitely needed where we just
barely past week one and we still have a
full another week and I'm hoping that by
the time we get to that another week
Bonnie's not having to be a sedated bear
what what you get a smartie for for
doing my homework and I turn 18 oh yeah
turn in do we read this morning are you
getting me a treat oh that's all you
care about his treats Louise and I can
have one minute okay guys come on oh
yeah there's our eggs out there I
checked this morning all right Olivia
guess what feel this tire and then feel
this tire okay fill this one oh my word
you're so strong smashing the tire it's
flat so we've got a fix Cody's tire
brand new tires and they're already flat
yeah you fill it in our yard
Kathy cut it in half words that's really
gross and it almost made me bar oh yeah
how much made you but God I yeah I'll
show you what Boston's up to now all the
kids are outside
he's asleep
so we are gonna leave the door open and
just let the nice breeze it's a little
warm today that feels pretty good in the
shade and so you got it open bad it it
looks a little bit different but it's
not I promise keep this on and I don't
keep the Aaron and then we're going to
just go move your bike into the shade is
hot get it but it's got the right idea
huh is that hard work code hey nope nope
not gonna do it yeah okay she want dad
to just do it okay okay I will guess
I'll just fix his bike but I'm gonna
make him watch me so he knows how even
though I'll still do it for the next few
years I'm sure I'm gonna make him watch
me me and Cody are gonna finish this I'm
gonna go track down Olivia and see what
snacks she is found and eventually
Boston is going to wake up madder than a
wet hand and we're gonna have the rest
of our evening to ourselves I really am
excited for the summer time today it was
kind of a hot day
clear skies sunny everybody came in the
house pretty warm
I mean everybody's skin was blue yeah
and the casket and I really wanted the
kids to have a nice night getting
cleaned up and I didn't want to rush
them to bed so we have ice cream for
Mom's sake huh ice cream for our tonsils
and ice cream to cool us off and a bath
so we don't sting your hair yeah what do
you got a saman askew
he's over there with his bottle he's
happy as a clam a little baby cloud I
can honestly say this is one of Bonnie's
favorite things to do with the kids is
to feed them in the tub she's done this
since they were baby I remember Olivia
would lay in the water and Bonnie would
feed her just fear because you know
sometimes baby food is pretty messy and
so you
and feed him innovate in the bath and
it's no big deal you can't see him right
now as well there's one right there but
when I've combed Olivia's hair in the
morning I've been telling her Olivia
your son streets are beautiful they
really are she's got a couple right here
and right here and one right back I want
to comb them they are just nice bleach
streaks I bet grandma breakfast would
love them the most
she always what I rubbed it oh we are
going to wash some kids that desperately
need a bath
after a day out in the Sun and out
outside of the yard and they're going to
enjoy their ice cream and we're gonna
have a nice evening and bonnie has got
her prescriptions filled and she is
happy and I think we should be good for
the rest of the night so you guys have a
good night yourselves treat chill say
okay who is the best at letting daddy
put lotion on their face Boston I'm glad
the baddest the best is who's the worst
I'm the worst
is we go bucket he's already got an
attitude Oh who's the best ho mom and
who's the best at letting daddy brush my
hair mommy no no no no morning he's not
even in Dad's probably not the smoothest
at it or the best like mom but Olivia
doesn't complete a cry and who's the
best at keeping Lincoln awake in the car
today for me this little guy Cody Clark
even though he fell asleep and even I'm
the best double date baby you are the
best holding here Sam she wanted when
she got out of the bath cuz she was just
in a robe you know and she and he was
just in his diaper and she wanted like
like her skin the skin damn she was just
like I want skin she's like don't put as
jammies on too soon name is gonna spit
Oh guess what
oops mom guess what it's my mom mommy
guess what
Lincoln was willing to walk around like
bum bum and guess what I guess let like
goes rolling around
and what you call these a Lincoln Log
rolls all over like a Lincoln Log you
call him blog at the end cuz some logs
should show Mom what you got on Oh
birthday soon yeah yeah we're told that
I'm doing bread okay okay
