I heard someone play the piano
si that was you you slept in this
morning let's get breakfast warning
Boston are you gonna be a happy boy
today I know I told Boston I was gonna
be gone today but you haven't been
talking very nice to me lately how come
you're kind of going through this little
cranky stage is it called growing pains
no let's go get some breakfast but I
already ate well how about we go get
mommy and Lincoln some breakfast come on
let's go put a smile on your face this
household has been a little sad but you
have all you're all smiles this morning
you were awful last night I'll get you a
clean bowl go sit down get myself a bowl
as well for a minute we were doing a lot
of steel cut oats and we've kind of
reverted to packaged oatmeal but I have
been adding handfuls of just rolled oats
does that make it better I feel like
when I say I add a handful of raw oats
it makes it like better or something
Lincoln what's the matter you don't want
your oatmeal it's peaches and cream
look Mama's gonna have some with you it
tastes yummy we'll try it
oh come on sit up come on take a bite
once you take one bite I know you're
gonna love it
are you sad laughs boy that's what the
camera sits on so that it can see your
face come on sit up
you see you down there they see you they
see you Oh My heck where's Lincoln going
there you are easy you you get up here
and eat your oatmeal
you're gonna eat your oatmeal are you
hiding from me all right I'm just gonna
eat oatmeal by myself and if I get
hungry I'm gonna eat yours okay I won't
get up here Joel will edit this morning
kids will just hang out do whatever and
I'm gonna go record this is really
boring okay if I don't like to listen to
myself
nobody's gonna want to be listening to
this I'm like oh my gosh you're sitting
there like I'm gonna do this you're
gonna do that I'm going to L use them
we're going to record a who's that oh my
gosh
splurge no it's not a splurge retail
therapy video thank you we're the worst
vloggers in the world because I suck at
my job thing did that baby poop in his
outfit I'm positive you guys are gonna
want to know what books those are solid
leave them in the description below for
you we're gonna do a span of my man
shoes new after his surgery look at
those cute pants they are from American
Eagle we bought these after my surgery
two minutes after I love when Joel wears
this I know he's feeling uncomfortable
and I'm like just stand there let me
record you he's unsure about his shirt
do you feel a little uncomfortable about
your shirt well I can't tell if I look
like a meathead going to the gym from
karate I mean oh that's funny
anyway I and he's like freshly shaven
you look so cute cheers kiss no I'm sick
this is ridiculous okay take your
grocery bags to the kitchen can you take
that in the kitchen take it in the
kitchen I mostly wanted to see their
boots look how gay and Lincoln's outfit
I showed you guys these boots yesterday
put it up on the counter if you guys
want a discount code it's in the
description for you guys put it up on
the counter bastard I don't know what to
do with you you seem
I know but I've gotta go with Daddy
forget daddy you have quite nice
wait you said I look like I've been in
the Sun thanks for picking up lunch guys
no problem we got water and cream soda I
can't make a sandwich like this I don't
know how they do it never tastes the
same and I have to take off like half
the turkey because I'm like you there's
too much turkey on my turkey sandwich
you have to make up case let me go
please
you want a makeup case acrylic case it's
not a makeup case it's acrylic case it's
an acrylic case that you can organize
we're here at our warehouse and we are
going to pick out the items for our
giveaway winners we have eight giveaway
winners and we're so excited to pick out
the stuff to them I'll tell you what to
grab and you guys grab it is okay number
first up Lauren workout outfit leggings
and bra and that is going to the United
Kingdom
ivana dress this is going to turn it off
Bailey New York she wants a robe done
here Miriam and girl we are shipping a
rope those are the shoutouts that we're
gonna do here on my channel if you guys
want to hear the rest of them you're
gonna have to
Elian your channel right here and
they're gonna get ready oh my gosh look
Jerry just updated me on how many
extra-large dresses we have we only have
30 left so if you guys want an extra
large dress you need to order it because
it will be gone I was gonna say by the
time this video is live it's probably
gonna be even fewer yeah they're going
quick I can't wait to wear white on
Easter I know I'm told family I was like
I'm gonna wear a mighty dress on it'll
be cute with denim jacket oh yes I'm
gonna wear mine with blue flip-flops
yeah oh I got it
Mike if you need to feel better about
yourself yeah spray tan do it for your
husband when you came home I was like oh
hey kids go to bed early tonight so if
you want to have a really awesome Easter
weekend give spray tan congratulations
again to our Instagram giveaway winners
thank you guys so much for being
supportive of our brand we love you guys
link is in the link is in the
description if you want to check us out
we just got home and I am going to air
out my house I already open this window
I feel like my house needs some fresh
air so we're gonna open up all the
windows and I'm gonna make all the kids
come outside so that not only can my
house air out but that the kids can get
some nice fresh air in the house wait
what did I just say
so that I can open all my windows so
that my house gets some fresh air and so
that the kids can get some fresh air
outside that's what I was trying to say
I used to open all my windows through
the winter like through all through the
winter and I just have it but the idea
is because I haven't needed to I haven't
needed to open all the doors and stuff
yeah I think so speaking of airing out
I'm gonna open up the suburban
everything's got that winter stank to it
the funk the other day I got in the
suburban and I was like Bonnie it smells
so bad in here as I raked Cody left pair
of socks in here well guess what this
was a place where I got hurt oh my gosh
oh yeah yeah it was okay this might seem
a little bit ghetto but we don't care we
wanted to bring the kids over here to
let them um practice writing laps around
this area and on their little formuler
so Cody we're gonna end the vlog with
you okay you show us how it's done
show Olivia the track we do okay and
then she'll take a turn after you do a
few laps okay okay now look the grounds
a little stickier today so you're not
gonna be able to spin that back end is
easy okay so be careful
nice what lives in there Wow
Lincoln how are you gonna get down you
gonna go help him
provide everybody
