you just saving that little bit of
oatmeal for later stick it in a
Tupperware what do you tell Olivia oh my
gosh I just wants to be able to bring in
the family room Wow all right you little
stinker take your oatmeal you guys he's
been carrying this oatmeal around the
house all morning
he took it downstairs toted it up the
stairs you just set it right there and
when you're hungry you can have a little
oatmeal snack and whose bottle waters no
not not while I get in the shower you
can do that when I'm all done taking a
shower put that on the cabinet what I'm
gonna do is heard the kids okay whatever
he's like Noah dude I want you kids are
going to sit in the bathroom since daddy
is not here this morning I'm going to
cage them in the bathroom like wild
animals and let them watch a little show
on the iPad while I take a shower
because I just don't want Lincoln to
destroy the house no this is why I
didn't want you to have a bowl we're
just gonna go that you can have this
cereal but I'm not gonna let you pour it
in the bowl okay
thank you oh thanks Boston this is the
only way that I know that the houses are
going to get destroyed or like destroyed
got it did the hardest thing possible
all right planes is the movie of Troy
Boston it's your job to make sure he
doesn't get cereal all over the floor
okay or touch the iPad okay or get into
the leftover oatmeal okay what's that a
baby ghost what's that dad did Lincoln
bring you son Lincoln brought you some
what did you do with that gun Lincoln
ate both of them no you do not need to
go in my room and get another one
all right Boston do you think you need a
coat or you think you'll be okay real
quick okay all right I'm not gonna put a
collar on either in my hair's wet so oh
I gotta make sure I'm good okay okay
okay what Boston and I are doing is
we've got two people that we'd like to
take some dinner over to it got some
lasagna for aunt Ellie and the reason
that being a sister is so important is
that you're able to see things that not
everybody gets to see you and I just
think that it would be nice to take my
pregnant sister mommy of two little kids
that she's spending every minute an hour
of her day potty training and I just
think she could use a nice warm dinner
and who else we taking dinner too
grandpa grandpa right next to our
neighbor
grandpa in quotations he is someone that
the kids have just grown up next to
their whole lives and he treats us
really good and okay so open the door
and knocks softly in case he's asleep
and he
have knee replacement surgery and so we
thought they could use of nice little
dinners well you're not content or
stinky eyes are two little puppy dogs
stared at me little slippery obviously
standing there waiting yeah hey why is
all this stuff in the hall why did
Olivia talk to your teacher
person in my class he's in my class and
that way I can never get toys and today
maybe go to the principal but he lied to
me and when my teacher said paper
collectors bring paper tape she said I
am so I grabbed my paper and did you say
anything to him no how come you didn't
say excuse me
I'm the paper collector yeah who decides
who the paper collector is the teacher
and did the teacher tell you the you
word I have to job okay well maybe when
you go to school tomorrow you can tell
your teacher say I want to make sure
that I'm the paper collector because
yesterday I wasn't able to do it can I
can we make sure that I collect the
papers today you can tell your teacher
that I told my teacher
well good now in this situation yeah
okay good sorry okay then yeah all is
well with the Cody howleen and school
situation you get your stuff put away do
you have any reading yeah
should we read right now so that we
don't forget because tonight you guys
are going skiing yes get it out let's
read right now hey do you want an orange
and apple or a banana
I wouldn't know why you wouldn't talk to
you might want to say teacher Chris
might like talk to your teacher and he's
like okay and I'm like okay we'll come
home I'm gonna wait one one second and
then yeah we'll talk to you teacher I
just told him about it well I think it
is ridiculously sweet of you here's to
take care of your brother I do I
appreciate it Cody I hope you appreciate
your sister for looking out for you
and it's nice Cody that you were able to
talk to Olivia cuz sometimes a lot of
brothers and sisters don't really talk
to each other or tell each other what's
going on I think it's really sweet that
you talked to Olivia how come you told
her that's one good reason is it because
you trust her and she's your friend
she can be ball I'm just gonna rep just
a little bit in you need some Vaseline
on your mouth and lips before you go
because being out in the cold will only
make it work
you want some Vaseline even if they
pretended yep see if I just pretend
he'll be happy is that good I could do
and say anything I want and you wouldn't
even know anything
do you want me spank you we're ready to
go skiing you guys do everything that
daddy tells you you want to go ski
you're gonna stay home with Mama ah
you give you everything you want me to
think about if I could I've gone down
the moon
get up to
do I like your stops the other killer
Olivia Cody made a little bit of a home
in the lodge where there's food friends
and games so I don't blame them
but I'm gonna take those two big kits
put that hill in a little bit but I want
to get a few good little more runs with
Boston
I want that muscle memory to start
setting in a little bit
one thing's true never asked for nothing
Boston's actually doing some boat runs
on the bunny hill by himself I'm a
little nervous but I had to let Olivia
encode II do the same thing and go and
do it by themselves to learn and me and
the big kids are going up to the top are
you ready for this Olivia I don't know
if there is a safety bar there is we
don't want to not be safe
my gosh you guys were gone for so long
it was ten o'clock at night my Boston
wait barely makes it till 6:30 how did
he do are you kidding me as many of the
big heels per minute my Boston is such a
big boy is Cody asleep in the car oh my
gosh how are we supposed to get him like
unbundled without making him freeze down
like so
oh yeah fun is his Co out in the track
don't want to bring it yeah Cody can you
walk downstairs nothing hey let's go
downstairs
you did good night good night baby girl
when eyes were over in the segment one
lucky I can t jumped it awesome good
night
I'm sure joel is to be with you I think
we're going for app worse Boston will
not get off the hill I'm insanely proud
of him I was so proud of him he was just
like I'm gonna do it I'm so glad I
didn't go okay we're gonna close the
vlog okay good night guys
I don't know what you will find either
