Oh Oh baby baby
stop stop it you're hurting me baby oh
great
with the baby forever good morning
everybody
I am helping my brother Jeff today but
I'm most importantly taking care of
Bonnie you're gonna try to take care of
Bonnie but she can't eat anything still
she's probably at the worst I've seen
her and the only thing I think she'll be
able to eat maybe is that Jamba Juice
how about
you're just making yourself at home it's
making yourself at home huh
you pooped again Wow oh man really I
knew you were getting and it's just like
a little one yours like I know there's
more and I'm gonna have to do this again
in ten minutes and we're wasting more
diapers but sweatiest ugh girls he
didn't even see me there didn't even
know I was there
did ya no but he's got little trucks
lined up playing in the dirt thank you
dangit he come he's been playing on he's
just playin up here this is his little
sandbox area I guess he's just kind of
claimed it but I love seeing Boston play
in the dirt I just it's like looking in
a mirror I think like that was me as a
kid just all I could do was play in the
dirt be outside with my dad working on
any project that could drag on every one
of my taco trucks of which I have like
90% of them still ice I've kept most of
them don't even let the boys play with
them just yet because it's just I don't
know I'm too attached maybe but they
just like to play English dirty and
shovel dirt on to uncle Jeff's porch
that's very nice of you very nice of you
Boston just won my book I was thinking
about you that's why I said I love heat
pump and this is you in your bed this is
you that oh looks like in my eyes but
I'm collecting eyes and I'm sick because
I'm missing you is a curry's that's you
in your blanket you're sleeping
and then I and there's a staff of is and
then I put him in a bag and I sprinkled
it on about new books for your your
school I can't what
oh look this cute
do the fast recovery course on camera
sir nice tan thank you from the bottom
of my heart you're in so sweet do you
like watching my videos I love watching
chilly even though she's far away I love
being able to see what they do do you
think Emma likes watching you and seeing
my necklace hmm
we don't usually bring food out of the
kitchen but my mommy let me have a snack
and I won't spill a little yes thank you
this much maven research hmm don't spin
I know don't spill in your dreams oh I
thought this was jello first cuz it's a
cold like this one is so I'm at Bonnie's
house you're not on ellie and jared vlog
you're on Bonnie's ha ha but um so I've
come over a few times and I've just
literally not talked and just laid my
head there and stared at Bonnie and then
15 minutes later she goes to sleep and I
go home it's pretty much just a I'm
saying hello and julie sent this to
bonnie and Bonnie wanted me to read this
to you guys um she said I have wanted to
call you but I know you can't talk but I
think about you all the time it would be
so nice to come sit next to you on your
bed and just relax she sent you packing
so it was cute a Julie
yes yes I'm the worst camera ever I have
like up on your head
we all are worse with everybody else's
footage I'm sorry but bonnie is pooped
but I said you want me to come pick you
up and just sit at my house and we'll
eat dinner and you can smell it and I
know you're exhausted you don't want it
but but you need to well don't touch no
touch okay should we go what are you
doing dad is a little to me what little
tree
I'll get bossed on a tree without me
well yeah he's asleep you fall asleep
you get a tree huh before sleep you get
a tree no why I don't know
hi bud you reaching for me you reaching
for the stream so cool Cody I want you
to show me your dance show me your new
dance
don't know
why is that so funny huh
we were driving yesterday oh my word can
you feel the car bouncing we were
driving yesterday and Cody made me at
the stoplight he's like look at me dad
and then he started doing that dance and
I don't know what it was but that dance
just killed me just got to me do it
again he's not doing it as good as he
was yesterday but it was it must have
been the right music to it or what but
it was just thought he was feeling it
and I loved it hey you go you go you go
you go laughing at giggles thing this is
so funny this is serious business get go
yes go go go go go
the boys played so hard today especially
this guy you hear him one sock on one
off his baseball hats missing he is so
stinking cute and he's such a boy I got
a lot of footage of Boston day it's cuz
he's the only one around me Cody went
off with all the neighbor boys and was
just gone all day and he they have like
that they call him the dirt piles it's
where like the only open housing lot in
their neighborhood and the boys go and
they just play there all day long and
part of me thinks I mean he's gonna get
filthy dirty here
but I'll just worry about him but then I
think when I was a kid that's all I did
was just go play in the field next to my
house and was gone gone forever I'm so
happy that he was and I'm happy he
stayed right by dad and played and had a
good day say we're just letting you have
a breather for a minute huh no diaper
just from unit huh you're happy yeah hi
bud hello
oh my word let's see one of your rocks
is this way well let's see that's pretty
cool Rock
wow that's a good one and you don't
really rocks
he's your cheese sandwich yummy you
happy now nothing nothing yeah he likes
it look if you would
I better get Lincoln have a diaper
before he makes a mess of my carpet huh
should I get him in there hmm he's so
cute
Mogollon yeah it does
he's been getting up on his hands and
knees all day long and just shuffling
back and forth back and forth back and
forth 9 I think he's going to be our
fastest to crawl and then I think he's
going to be the fastest crawler to like
I think once he figures out to put one
hand in front of the other he's going to
be gone a little nervous for it cuz he's
been pretty easy to take care of
actually he's really not easy to take
care of I don't know how Bonnie does it
but he's gonna be a lot harder to take
care of soon Oh another one of these
after but that's way too much cheese and
bread why
you'll be backed up for a week get up
there you go No
look at the boys look at the boy oh my
word look at the boys not the camera do
you think anytime the cameras out it's
got to be on you I'm gonna make you work
for all this stuff but I want to see
some crawling come here there's a cute
tip here's the string go get your
brothers can you see your brothers can
you see those little boys over there
where we go you're up on your knees he
got a leg for it hey hey that was it
that was it but do it again now you're
moving the wrong direction but you going
backwards and pump
take about the yes kids book and
all-star to settle down
you know you know and we're starting
over
thanks uncle Jared well I have my work
cut out for me so I'm gonna close a
block here and I'll see you guys later
