okay well what do you want for your
birthday
I want a marble run oh really is your
birthday coming soon yeah it's getting
really cool well don't you let me forget
about it okay
okay but you gotta get back to work yeah
you got get back to work mine is April
is in April 29 well why don't you tell
everybody what you're doing for Grandma
here what you doing so what we're doing
today and we're going to take all those
students upstairs and then we're gonna
take them outside and then we're gonna
take all the little moment knock it all
over in lunch and then talk this those
we're gonna are gonna come out cuz they
don't want them anymore right that's
right that's right but they're not
they're not really soda that's not
really pop that's water in there we put
water in those so we would have water if
we ever had an emergency but they
they're pretty old and we're going to
dump it out and get fresh okay and I
thought that would be a great thing for
you boys to help me do while you're here
three or four or five or six just
however just however many they're just
gonna stay however many days right Yanik
time okay turn it your shirt helping me
a lot today Boston you're going to help
well that doesn't look like you're
helping much you're hiding
you boys are sure saving me a lot of
trips up those stairs sure glad you're
here to help me
okay put it right Danny in there three
down and thirty to go right okay good
job Cody did she's in operation she got
her H work on her knees and then her
throne well I'm sure glad you guys came
to visit me this is the best type at
home we know this area like cool
oh the Cheerios no no three holes oh oh
we've got to go get we have to get some
honeycomb we don't have anybody and when
he comes to Grandma's he wants honeycomb
yeah that's a nice turn in my favorite
and when you come to Grandma's we have
hamburgers and french fries and
milkshakes this is what they have been
doing for two days is running around the
house if grandpa's boots and hat and
glove great Grandpa's gloves would you
go on nothing they have wanted to go out
but it's been raining and I we've been
working down the storage room today
single this
I mean look look look I haven't washed
his clothes he's still I mean they just
look like little raita muffins and and I
don't look any better um
today has just been a stay in the house
terrorized the bait well the kids have
helped me a lot down the basement
they've been getting jars out they
caught they carried up all my jars that
needed to be washed out didn't you
Boston yeah she'll grandma all the jars
you brought up go show grandma hey are
you boys are you boys ready to go home
and see mom and dad do you kind of wish
you gone home here
tomorrow we are okay okay I told him
tomorrow they could go home yep don't
tell grandpa what you told me this
morning did you cry just a little bit
yesterday he told me what did you put
what did you do it's kind of late okay
they wanted to go with did grandma with
Grandma in bed or were you and better
are alimentive you were in bed and this
is after I'd all tucked you in Oh
that's generally when the kids get kind
of homesick is Lane Lane by yourself and
been thinking about the day where you
fall asleep you tend to think of the
good things in life and that's mom and
dad yep basically when they're not yeah
well you sure been fun today and you've
been a lot of help for Grandma but
tomorrow when you wake up your clothes
are going to be clean because I'm going
to wash them tonight and we'll get baths
and get your hair fixed really good
before mom sees you Kay then she'll
think I've taken really good care of
them okay
the rain has led up and the boys are
coming outside they don't have jackets
but they're going to play until they get
too cold but they are tired of being
cooped up in the house yes it has
you might get your bike sure okay
okay okay come out the gate this yeah
yeah go where'd you learn to ride a bike
well if they painted that blue that used
to be Olivia's pink oh is that right huh
yeah they did a good job of it too from
Boston didn't get a bike to bring it
just has to run you got tuckered out
that's all he's wanted to do today let's
get out there and ride that bike okay
bottle it brother it's that time of
night when you're really glad that
there's a grandpa in the house
one come on like that that's
but that is not all I can do said
weekend
what kind of all come on his head
okay yeah we're gonna read okay after
this it's time for bed we're gonna read
Thomas and a big big bridge okay okay
and what's the promise when we're done
with this one we're gonna go to sleep
and we're going to say our prayers and
go to bed okay
latrine Thomas and a big big bridge you
know what Cody that was both blanket you
used to wrap up in that blanket all the
time go hop up in there crop up in in a
minute
or do you get to go to bed with your hot
wheels yeah okay
you already said your prayers hey hey
yes he did grant grandma night all right
you're gonna be a good boy yeah stay in
your bed yeah okay give me just a hug
huh good day thanks for a good girl
wanna buy some pizza hey up up like that
what does your daddy do at the end of
the vlogs
he says how nice tank yeah and then what
does he do wait do you remember when
grandma tried to get you to wait for her
you do it again go ahead and close the
vlog go ahead hey good night honey
I just wanted to take just a second and
share a couple thoughts that I have on
Bonnie my sister called the other day
and she says Jennifer did you see
Bonnie's video it was hilarious and I
thought yeah I saw it but I just cried
through it and yes it was funny there
there are funny parts in it and I did
laugh but honestly I just cry
it made me um it made me really tender
and I I pulled out some of these little
pictures I wanted to show you and Bonnie
had her knee surgery there's Julie you
just we all just felt so bad when when
Bonnie had her knees operated on and I
mean that isn't that cute of her right
there but one of the thoughts that I had
and I don't know that anybody else
picked up on this but when Bonnie came
out of surgery and and she said to Joel
were you okay while I was gone and
that's just Bonnie concerned about other
people I just want to tell Bonnie since
she's going to be editing this how much
I love you and I just don't know what my
life would be life would like without
you I just could not fathom life without
you Bonnie and you just mean the world
to Daddy and I and we're going to bring
the boys home to you this afternoon but
first I'm going to take him into town
and we're going to get Bonnie a little
something-something
so anyway Bonnie oh I love you I love
you to death you got two little backpack
lined you know what I like I like that
when you come to see me that they only
come with pretty much the clothes that
they have on so I don't have to keep
track of all their stuff so really this
is what he's wore the last few days and
he's got his pajamas in his backpack
don't you and um kind of nice no don't
forget I got something we got something
for mama don't you know why it treat for
all of us me probably better do that huh
yeah miserable me again you know ever we
did anything Cody would say well what
about Olivia it's pretty pretty good
little brother there yeah you think your
mom's gonna like her little
do you I can hold all the way yeah you
better hang on to that okay that was a
lot of fun wasn't it ready to go home
Boston hey go see mom and dad don't
another tree hugger thank you
Boston just woke up from his nap hey
shall we
so target I'd you you look amazing and
your knees are bending so good for me
surgery it's amazing since everything
that's mamas is yours just not perfumed
it's not perfume its goal I'm gonna you
it's rose gold I told her to get that I
knew that you like I'm still gonna guess
what I felt right to sleep really really
really long ground and you put me in bed
and slept for so long
