good morning everybody I have spent the
morning getting a living off to school
and then getting Lincoln taken care of
just hanging out with him on the floor
and especially just keep him longing
medicated she said today is a million
times worse than yesterday she is just
she keeps worrying about swelling up and
she says feels like it's well it's not
everything what's open looks good but
she's just in a lot of pain and it is
hurting worse and worse today I feel so
bad because she can't talk she wants to
she can't sleep because she can't
breathe or she feels like she can't
breathe she feels like a throat was just
too dry she has done a good job keeping
fluids she like points to her glass
every time she's just she does this just
be like it showed me the level of her
glass and she's like that's good right
and it gives me a thumbs up because she
can't talk really it's pretty stinkin
sweet but I feel so bad for my Bubbe's
cuz she she seriously is just in pain
and there's not much I can do Lincoln's
taking a nap Olivia's at school I called
my mother and Monico pick up the boys
but she's like no keep them till another
day so thanks mom
hey we'll eat you in are you playing I
took a good nap you went over two hours
that's a good boy yes yes yes yes yes
yes yeah hey over here look over here
look over here career high oh that's
cute My heavens you're cute hi my
favorite thing with babies is when they
start getting to roll around in their
crib and you come in and you see that
little head kind of poking up or their
arms reaching through trying to grab
something
although them running around and getting
a little more mobile in the crib means
I've got a definitely lower the crib but
that's what it's even funnier because
then you can see through all of it and
you come in and just and just stare and
play huh you'd like that well let's get
to your bottle yeah you change your
diaper we change a bomb huh
guess who came to see us and you were
asleep and ell me and Ellie came Ellie
came huh huh Oh boobies boobies I'm I'm
very sad for Bonnie's tonsils being out
but I'm very grateful to have this time
to spend one-on-one with him I mean just
to enjoy him to just look at him and
laugh at with him and spend time with
Olivia I enjoy doing her homework with
her last night we're going to homework
again tonight and we're actually gonna
run some errands as soon as Olivia gets
out of school too but we got to clean
you up so you're not just a messy boy
and then we'll come home tonight and
give you bf huh hi mom
don't say it well he sure happy to be
home he knows worried that huh you feel
a little better a lot worse a lot worse
she is not feeling good today and the
doctor said it's only supposed to get
worse for the next couple days so I'm a
little nervous
do you think this helps a lot did you
get a fire yeah helps a ton you drank oh
you drink this class I told everybody
that you've been doing out there when
you Bonnie Oh point this is her drinking
glasses and she'll show me the level
that she's drunk down she'd be like
tapping this looks really focus I just
topped her off before but she did drink
all of this and then she's going to have
some juice and then she'll just keep
tapping me she'll tap and then give me a
thumbs up and I'll break that that's
what I will do cough hurts
so pretty much all of this all of this
right here hurts doesn't it there's a
knock at the door went out saw it and
look what you got bond and I cute
nice little bouquet guess who they're
from mm-hmm yeah I think yeah I bet lay
down you want to record oh I was gonna
say pretty much every time Bonnie goes
into the hospital only for having kids
is what she's been in for but any time
my dad always makes sure he sends
flowers that's really sweet
I got fried tally yeah just a little
hand washcloth I look so pretty
look at your window bond formed from
really kind of kind of rainy out there
mm-hmm
perfect day to be laying in bed and all
the window for you later
I actually really enjoyed listening to
the rain outside you can sing it in a
song next bonnie always sings the song
what is it called listen to the mmm yeah
listen to the rhythm of the falling rain
she sings it to me all the time and I
are you taking care the baby is hard I
don't know how you doing I seriously
don't know how you doing
sometimes I get emotional and stuff
that's just hard and you're doing a lot
of stuff they're not like you're used to
doing oh she makes it look so easy if we
had one kid is it what is it kind of
hard um it's not too hard I'm just like
I have to map out my day and Mike it
takes a lot of work like there's just a
lot of work these don't realize thee you
don't realize your spouse does till you
step in their shoes
Hey
I'm out running around errands and I was
just thinking about it I feel bad you
guys just keep seeing me on the screen
you know I'm not as pretty look at his
Bonnie and I'm I'm really not as funny
as Bonnie she's just kind of the best at
it me and Lincoln have got most of our
errands ran to register Cody for
kindergarten I'm pretty surprised they
didn't even ask for like a blood sample
because everything else they asked from
like I don't think you need that but
that's okay he's registered he's going
to be a little kindergartner and what I
hope hope opal because he gets the same
teacher that Olivia did because that
would just be fun I remember in school I
was the youngest so I remember all my
brothers had pretty much the same
teachers I did it was kind of funny
because they'd be like oh you're his
brother hmm that's that's that's gonna
be good or else they'd be like oh yeah I
liked your brother he was a good kid so
I you know just depends on which brother
they got for which teacher they got
would just determine the teachers
outlook on me immediately and you
probably if you've got siblings I'm sure
you had the same situation other shapes
like and I can hear him screaming when
Olivia was a little girl I remember I
not go in and just lay by her on her bed
and I just say dude dad's makeup because
she'd pretend doing it's just like that
life's crap oh yes oh yeah I get that
all the time I'd put me right to sleep I
love there's a nice nap did he just get
you that all the time you still do
mm-hmm
script anime you don't even ask QT yeah
well a month ago waffle love was
supposed to come to my work
because of CDX lie I had to miss that
day of work and so I missed out on
Buffalo and like my co-workers know I
was devastated
so me and Olivia found a waffle iron
here in Logan Utah and we're going to
ever get flour we're going to try it huh
I hope it's good
yeah that kind of looks like New York
but it's not quite
how's that taste pretty good okay now
I'm gonna stop recording so I can eat
Bolivia and I just got back from the
waffle iron and then we made a pit stop
because I knew Bonnie's been wanted bath
and so I knew she needed some stuffs
yeah okay wish we had a lush up here but
oh well
Bonnie's a light headed if you couldn't
read lips her talking is getting fainter
and fainter that cue I made him wrap it
it smells so good but I mostly got the
bubble bath so that you can take a
little bubble bath tonight and I need
you wanted the scrub and then they throw
in the buy to get three free or whatever
whatever their promotional deal is a
that fun yeah I want you to take a
little bath tonight Oh that'll be fun
you and Olivia take a bath I'm not
trying to tell you you smell buh no her
skin is itchy from the medication
everything and I honestly think a bath
will just probably make her feel a
little better relax or a little bit get
her out of bed for a minute not that she
has to
I think it'll feel good my ears are
hurting the doctor warned us your ears
are gonna hurt I think this is the
closest I'll ever become to being like a
drug dealer is smashing up
Bonnie's Tylenol so they been mixing
them in with the applesauce so does she
can empty like get them down there
terrible and it throat hurts so bad but
I feel so I don't know like breaking bad
when I'm like smashing them and then
trying to like make it real fine and cut
it a little ridiculous
I had fun spending time with Olivia and
with Lincoln and the boys come back
tomorrow that'll be sad for you but
it'll be okay they'll be happy to see me
and I'm happy to see them so until then
we'll just say good night okay it's
almost celebrate almost summer break
thanks for watching guys most
you later bye-bye
