good morning everybody good morning bud
morning chugged huh he happy are you
happy he's so happy
this is what I'm doing today I am I'm
the man of the house right now and I
think I'm filling all roles bonnie is
upstairs recovering her knees are well
my little bud
and me and Lincoln are just down here
doing laundry and cleaning up Bonnie's
mom grandma came and took Cody in Boston
with her I'm grateful that she hasn't so
that I only have to wrangle him and then
Olivia when she gets home from school he
just keeps going everywhere and even
last night me and Bonnie saw him get up
on his hands and diseased knees last
night so I'm hoping he'll start again I
mean I'm excited for him to get more
mobile but at the same time it's like
you cringe because you're just like good
I can't set you anywhere anymore
but we're having a good day mom's
feeling good
we're doing good that's I'm a little
hungry a little hungry if I'm gonna be
honest you know but I'm happy and
Lincoln's happy everybody's taking a nap
right now Lou East Bonnie and Lincoln
are and Olivia just go home from school
so we're just gonna sit down and have a
little snack string cheese chips what
update what else did you eat yes how big
was it
show me it was like this right that's
huge
what you doing oh let's see how did you
get a flower the mom yeah we just got
that flower I put it in a vase and then
Olivia's little other flower is growing
it keeps the egg warm until it hatches
into a baby penguin so everybody just a
minute ago we saw we hear the game and
he's screaming and gets and I heard
Legion say Dada you did I said that huh
what screaming again Miss Piggy see Dada
da Dada da can you say Dada
now love it hey your name on page yes
yes yes okay but after watching movie
we're ending in the book only watch you
want to say this book further later
tonight I don't hear how are you ready
to Lincoln right now okay thank you
watch the movie that we watched last
night now computer first mr. Bean's
Holiday mr. beetle okay yeah well
Beverly he said oh he does he ever talk
just take it right yeah from head to toe
say bit that say beg bet and I'll give
you in my hand I'll give you my hand if
you say that back first let's let Daddy
wife is pigs Nana oh I know that's
terrible but crowd everywhere say dad
die and I'll give you my hand do you
want this do it my hand no sister Sue's
hand huh if you say Dada da oh no
grammar I feel good no I wants it
he won't that's everything if you want
my hand then say Dada Dada say say peg
down you think that's funny yeah you
think that's funny
do you think that's funny well I don't
think it's funny
I'm not being funny he looks like he's
funny
what kind is that one these are Apple
Apple pomegranate they're pretty yummy
if you go if you go to more Walmart and
you can find these things and there's
strawberry apple and make income range
yeah we like the fruit leathers huh
should I pick you up okay we're done
with homework we're done with all of our
chores I think for today so we are gonna
go downstairs me and live your gonna
watch mr. Bean's Holiday and he's gonna
play hey hey hey mr. Bowie by volume
house it's a buddy debate see mommy's
away who do we find a wake huh
who's awake huh miss do you miss him
yeah bottoms up
it smells and tastes like strawberry hmm
that's the good stuff
how painful is that yeah whoo what do
you think you're going
where you think you're going huh you're
going to get your bum changed
hey feeling mom watching you berry fun
well because I owe are you sending to
eat you shouldn't hmm I have never had
this much like tweeting in comments like
this this videos it's been really kind
of fun to see what you guys have to say
here yeah I hope they can hear you if
not we'll have to figure out I'll have
to put in the where Bonnie let me hear
now you why Canada hmm she was editing
last night she'd stop and I just look at
her hey Bonnie let's go tab it don't
worry about the video no I'll get it
I'll get it
maybe I don't have that many Commons
maybe I just did too slow all the
numbers look bigger
oh there's 47,000 comes that's there's
there's four comments fede that's okay
you've been happy to be my bud Nikki's
got orange yeah lots of carrots and rice
it's sweet
I'm glad you been sleeping all day I'm
glad you finally crashed yesterday you
didn't really fall asleep what's wrong
my hair oh my hat yeah he took it off me
he fell off hmm we show him his teeth
make sure you teams on the camera can't
get right Colton see him snitch two
little white dots you wanna play yeah it
takes is brittle okay mom your turn yeah
cuz you can't get out of bed and
yesterday did you bear the bed you're
never gonna get out of your bed I hope
you get out of your bed soon here to
help you don't stay in your bed until
it's my birthday and I'm not my birthday
old you get your baby cuz I hope you can
play
Lincoln's down the bed and Barney's down
the bed where she's we just got a fresh
medication and she's feeling pretty
painful the doctor said today and
tomorrow and the next day are going to
be rock bottom
as far as pain goes we'll see might even
be worse than that but I know she's
feeling it right now but me and Olivia
snuck away is it past bedtime Olivia
yesterday is it is it was past bedtime
but I wanted to take advantage of just
having made Olivia and we came down to
Denny's get a little diner huh just a
nice new to Logan so it's kind of fun
but we have one here and we're just
gonna hang out color we're gonna share a
sandwich share sandwich and fries and
share a dessert you gotta have a dessert
over here a milkshake it's gonna be at
an apple crisp I'm so excited
I've ever tried that yeah you're gonna
like it are you sad for Mom for her
alleys yeah did you give her a big hug
before you left
hey excessively I love that
and we might play the games are you
excited to Boston and code here with my
mom and pop are you looking yeah they're
always here do they keep you up at night
yeah they play a lot I have to wonder if
I think you like it when you play with
you you know a secret
I like we should play together you know
that me and uncle Jared my own brother
over there used to get in trouble at
night we shared a room we got trouble
all the time to playing around just
would we would move our beds together
all the time we would move them right by
each other and then we got yelled at
trouble we are making too much noise
that what yummy yeah she's Sona she put
an extra scoop of ice cream just to she
and vanilla veer just share a meal town
a little daddy-daughter date huh the hot
steamy yeah
put let the ice cream kind of melt on it
for a second why because it'll help pull
it down yeah okay
battery's flashing me and Olivia are
gonna go and enjoy the rest of our
dessert and we'll just keep wishing body
well I look over tonight no ice cream
yeah
we'll do that bye guys
