good morning you guys we're going after
stand with me hi guys we're here the
hospital and I am giving my tonsils out
today today is the big day today you
turn five kids get them out of the age
of five or six yes
so in preparation of today I look sorry
I had something in my eye about my
weight my eyelashes done and I went and
had my hair braided last night and I
said do it as tight as you can and she
did it I was like me had shown my outfit
oh yeah there's got this getup check out
to dress comfy and so I'm dressing comfy
so this is me we're going in to have
surgery to comfy sport trac company um I
mostly just wanted to show you my new
cute outfit okay um my mom is at the
house with the kids and Alec just came
over and so they're just gonna hang out
at the house and I made a sweet potato
chili for the kids so they had some
dinner for the week made some banana
bread just so those the banana bread is
killer I pained me last night than not
I'm like you can't eat it I'm like it's
my kids and I'm ready to not eat for two
so that really sucks because I'm pretty
hungry right now seriously all I want is
like a big old Cafe Rio meal so do I get
fast food two weeks we know you're going
to have hominy nothing too
a swift different
I'm in that day
today for over a week now my head still
hurts and I'm just ready to I don't know
I'm ready to take to take some narcotics
in my head just you know it was the
opiates this is what I think is so
pretty
um we want something like this like one
solid picture but three different
without the frames I think that's really
pretty what we want to show losers
oh yeah oh yeah we show the season's
like the three seasons or the four
seasons like spring summer fall and
winter summer spring Logan like I want
like a Logan scenery so you want summer
spring winter or fall that's all you got
to do is call come on
nobody they're gonna get it limousine
that's a song I don't know where we're
going do you hey Dave yeah oh right here
same day surgery right here oh that's
cute I like those pictures that's fun in
the window oh it's cool I just thought I
would show you what underwear right
those won't even fit me you drink you're
gonna look like what you're gonna look
like Kevin on home alone doing he's like
wearing his dead swim shorts where my
brother bow in this size 33 bucks size
to pee 34 35 31 to Moe's really
embarrassed he was going to get boxers
and he just grabbed whatever was there
because he didn't want any to be looking
he just grabbed just one boxers they had
their and thesis was about what his
boxers look like when we were fullness
laundry bow weighs what a buck 10 maybe
what I don't understand is they're like
you need to be fully undressed and in
the gown it's a tonsillectomy like what
hey if for anyone
my heart stops and they have to rip my
down off good thing you don't have any
bottoms on because they may need who
knows what they got to work on they're
gonna be doing a tonsillectomy through
your drawing that was a weird laugh I'm
sorry it sounded like Michael Jackson it
was close enough I liked it
she wants a treat that's what you want
she's going there she goes there goes
the tells us they're going bye-bye
I need a way when you go in bond I can't
go in this is the last goodbye right
here okay yeah it's on you turn that
face just like you're feeling it Oh hmm
it's good stuff okay I'll see you in a
little bit love take it yeah
you're doing a good job how cute is that
how cute is her to just go in there with
a little braids on a little hairnet now
I just sit and wait he said go get some
food but I feel a little guilty because
body can't eat and she's not gonna eat
for like a week and a half so should I
really go get food they have good food
here hospital foods great
okay see you guys my heart melted a
little bit and we came back and it taken
fun is that room number 11 right there I
can't see number 11 when Olivia was a
little baby she had to get tubes put in
her eyes for tear ducts
they weren't functioning correctly and
so we had to come in and she was so
little and Bonnie and I were scared of
it assurance didn't really cover it but
the doctor said it needed to be done and
anyway it was a lot of money
and I was still in college still just
broke we just had no money but we knew
Olivia with the doctor recommended we
knew Olivia needed we wanted to make
sure she was taken care of and took care
of her with anything she needed we
brought this little one-year-old in Cody
wasn't even a thought yet and she got
her tubes out and her tubes putting in
her eyes and she woke up from her
anesthesia just hysterical but then she
started coming out of it and I remember
coming out of that room and squatting on
the floor and her little like diaper and
little baby gown and just living
apparently we're working in the office
too anyway this hospital Logan Regional
it's it's got a lot of memories here
we've had our kids are going to be
coming here for all of their broken arms
they've all been born here Bonnie's
getting your tonsils out here Bonnie I
believe was actually born in Logan
Regional as well as a child so I mean
her as a baby so that's big deal I don't
know it's a cool cool hospital that we
have a lot of history here and there's a
lot of history we're gonna make you a
lot of stitches I'm sure with three boys
either getting ready to bring Bonnie
back and apparently she just wants me
well she wants us me she's a little
emotional it's just the anesthesia you
don't normally want me
all right Punk how you doing
come here come here huh do your legs
work yeah they work just fine your legs
work just fine can you not feel them huh
huh
you'll nervous about your legs no well
they're okay I see this arm honey I'm
gonna put a blood pressure cuff on you
okay you straighten your mouth good job
okay that's okay you want some ice no if
you want to drink of water
no no they did like tonight here legs
are good hold your arms still for me
okay let me get a blood pressure yeah
he's gonna give your arm aha you want to
lay back no cuz you're sitting up pretty
high
yeah I was okay I was okay I was just
fine how you feeling huh hmm
your legs are great do they feel weird
they're not gonna do surgery on your leg
lose on your tonsils cuz your throat
feel okay take a deep breath for me
there okay
from straighten your mouth they might be
kind of cramped right there they're
cruising like this no you did that you
put your legs up I do you like them
crossed like that okay all right okay
hey they'll be they'll be able to bend
them okay do you want some apple juice
or a popsicle or some water a popsicle
you just gonna sit for a minute it might
help to have a nap then you wake up and
you'll feel a little bit better
people like you've slept long enough
okay okay sweetheart your eyelashes look
good yeah didn't know they didn't take
your eyelashes off great they look just
good and so do your fingernails yeah
your fingernails are really cute yeah to
the to the doctor
just be sure you'll be okay you want to
split them straight no do you want
bullets straight on the minim oh you
want okay do you think you got surgery
on your knees
like when you were a little girl yeah we
got surgery on your throat but no I'm
sorry okay we'll be real careful with
your knees okay okay well I think you
were out sweetie you got a lot of
medication before so he'll come in and
talk to us
I didn't hey was it just pretty fast
they worked on your toes sweetheart
don't talk too much okay didn't tell you
they were gonna wake you up well that's
what they do that's what they do okay
yeah they did they took you back to
their room
well the doctor doesn't mind he doesn't
mind okay he still thinks you're pretty
okay can I get you a drink of water yet
did this ago would I get might just come
to terms of what they did okay
she wins my award in all the years I
worked here really yes
you're the best yeah she's a sweetie
that's why that's why because she's a
sweetheart but I bet the doctor liked
your your fingernails and your eyelashes
in your braids I bet he liked all of
that you were ready you were ready huh
yeah you got ready nice no no no he
doesn't you just don't think
they don't think I would be sad if we
just want to told me what he was doing
there was no surgery on your knees just
on your throat I dunno but maybe they
will make me favor with me
maybe Esprit tell me that they were
gonna do it you could talk him out of it
huh if I just tell him that was all here
for my throat but they did all of my
needs
maybe they just full-charge
George maybe not
nope not on the outside just on the
inside scars no no scars no scars do you
want they didn't you don't remember
mm-hmm I just feel like just did
everything yeah well I knew they were I
knew when you were going back there okay
no no I said don't mess with her knees
so I don't think they did
we'll check them in a minute okay but I
don't think they did anything to your
knees but we'll check and they didn't
put markings on them so I think you're
okay
okay cuz dr. dibadeaux started
- do you like linoleum wood floor oh
gosh
yeah it looks pretty good though no I
don't how about you open it first you
want to open it okay no that's for me
that's for Mady Shh no you're not
shaking you're pretty stable here let me
take your tissue don't like just just
the nurse she's really nice hmm
she didn't that's not nice they just
yeah they just need to ask
nice baby
the doctor just came in and he said I'm
so mad I wanted your tonsils and jar so
I can see him I'll cut him open myself
good he would possess you to want bad he
said they were small but he said they
were full of like a secret knew it
sweetheart
mmm my bonbon yeah have a kiss
maybe who likes you more I like you way
more you know like me as much like you
way more huh because she's cute adorable
you're replaceable yeah what do you
think you're something special
yeah you do you know you're
I just want to snuggle yeah doctor said
you can have whatever you want
mm-hmm the nurse said otherwise and the
doctor said the nurse doesn't know
that's right you're going out did you
have to do knock open wall they're gonna
deep sleep on you so they could do it
they took you like dummies oh well you
guys are hot
you guys are so warm your skin huh you
guys been out playing yeah we're going
we watched all the way that you else
have neither drive to their property we
wrote our part and guess what I like got
forum cuz yours me decide what and lease
you hey I'll put you back on Mommy's
walk around and I like fell off huh Wow
Bonham is resting the kids and everybody
are here and we're having some dinner
and there are so many little babies here
there are so many little babies huh oh
you've got to eat your dinner person
when you're a dick you dinner code you
got anymore NAT - I give Cody this piece
of gum like 11 and he's kept it no put
it back put it back put it back alright
okay
