Carly what did you find up there ladybug
ladybug this little I want to take you
back home all Darrin I really want to
pick one oh you're onto the ball is on
top of the net the red one the red one
is crawling and organs the red one is
stopping the orange one is moving on it
dad oh hey how's he get up oh darn it
well I hope they were finished giving
piggyback rides they were and I bet they
go whoa I see it flying I see it right
there was that the piggyback rider whoa
or the one giving the piggyback ride
well there was Ellen the red one no yes
that was the one that was giving the
piggyback ride oh these are yeah spring
is in the air folks out spring there is
a nest right there I'm gonna get ahead I
want to steal the eggs I doubt there's
eggs in there be careful please be
careful good morning you guys
if me it's back to me vlogging and Joel
is at work today and I've got the kids
and boy did the day start out with a
bang he was sleeping on my floor he was
screaming all stinking morning he's like
yeah it sure was
anyway we're gonna see - hey cuz I hope
I hope it goes good my head and I don't
understand why my head hurt so bad but
I'm hoping to get that under control
today
and what did I do mommy mmm look I can
you're perfect
I want to know who Boston ask me a
question I wanted to ask okay I need
that but guess he wants to know is what
the a bad word is what the a bad word ah
what did you say what this is a battery
yeah that would be bad to say in the
camera special attention oh yeah we
don't say hey you don't say that either
do we yeah that's what you were gonna
say right what are some other words that
we don't say what are some naughty words
that we don't say hey oh oh I think oh
my heck is okay oh no yeah we don't say
that we don't say that what is what are
some naughty words that we don't say oh
that's a good one we definitely don't
say that what's a bad word that we don't
say don't say poopoo yeah that is a
dirty word isn't it good job Boston do
we just say nice words yeah yeah like I
like you and what Oh looking toilet oh
my gosh yeah you can say oh my gosh and
another bad word is you don't say I
don't like you I don't like you and I
don't like your dog yeah those are good
ones God how do you know just what not
to say awesome and great Electra that
would be kind of a naughty word to say
would you guess that he says over
I think I just had a button on my camera
and I'm not sure if I changed something
anyway hopefully not oh I can't really
tell oh yes I did hit something we'll
see if that oh there we go okay hey let
go and that straighten you up that
string I am not 100% sure I have a
feeling that this guy does not feel well
I think that he kind of doesn't feel
well I suspect that he's gonna start
teething soon I don't see anything but I
always catch a late like I always see
their teething after they're done and
I'm like oh that's why they've been so
sad so between him not feeling well and
him learning how to fall asleep without
the blanket being swaddled are you
watching TV like you like will not take
his eyes off of it that's Lemmy he's
kind of he's just a little bit of a mess
so we're just cuddling kids are down
here we're just watching TV we're kind
of being bums today I'm grateful that
they're letting go yeah what I just
flattened man well we were too heavy
when you're trying to find money so they
can put it in the gumball machine so
they can go like let me go Bo like some
gumballs humongo ones yeah you know how
sometimes your kids won't let you be
lazy they're letting me be lazy which is
a good thing cuz I'm tired
hmm holding my hand huh holding my hand
don't believe you're sitting here
watching the TV it's not so just hold my
hand
we are waiting to get our Little Caesars
Pizza and right now we're playing I spy
okay you'll go next yellow we're not not
not yellow red um any of the signs over
there we extol some of those things
under where the guy's trying to eat
pizza all those things no is it your
truck no what is it oh yeah that red car
nope what is that something that says
open the open sign yeah okay Cody go
haha
I spy with my little eye something green
some plain green is it the signs over
there what now little I said with the
big eyes I have no patience for this
game I just want to know what's green I
just want to know what's green I'm not
doing the sports man Oh something up
here
you guys it's almost time for me to go
what is it REI I don't even think you
know you can green the trees that's huge
see wait we've got it's we found a
bumblebee in its natural habitat what
I'm gonna do I'm changing this
one-handed that me to do it I'm gonna
take a stick and poke it just to see
what happens
that's huge nevah first lion I'm like it
looks like a lot her son a beetle slash
be a beetle alien joke bless you click
and Jared came over there kids are
falling asleep in the car so we're just
having some pizza thank you guys for
breaking up my day
may go bad cuz I wanted you guys all to
come with us back so I pass and you can
all go that's so nice of you guys oh yes
you can show them their nest they were
crawling that they were climbing up
there and found it yeah like right up
there in the cross let's swing in
yesterday I heard Ellie told Olivia she
wanted her overalls and Ellie was
reminding me how I used to take my
colleagues to take her clothes could you
imagine if I tried squeezing in your
clothes now what was like when we were I
was like you little like 14 months
outgrowth I like this idea and you're
like the high schooler with her put on
my clothes and I would try and wear them
my wife has good taste you want you want
to watch a movie with a drink of water
yeah sit up so you don't spill it sit up
I didn't go louder I know
drink your drink water I know it's a
drink of water can you believe a Tele
was so so nice she took Cody and Olivia
with her we're gonna go over to her
in-laws house and they're gonna play and
hopefully the kids are girl
don't will you oh uh we just we just put
Lincoln down for his nap
so Lincoln's going to take a nap and me
and Cole Boston we're going to take a
nap together we're going to hold hands
and talk for a minute so that sound like
a plan
hurry and drink your water if you can
take a really good nap with Mama then
we'll watch a movie together when we
wake up you're rubbing your eyes like
you're tired
uh oh right now movie I know
who you see who do you see dad you want
to see daddy okay go open the door for
him you there i little guy what I
thought you'd be surprised eh he was
awake are you happy going I don't know
salad
um this was still sitting on my
knowledge I'm sorry
that's okay I'll just go get rid of that
you get rid of that pizza box I'll hold
on to this okay don't judge us oh I
thought you'd be excited that he was
awake sent me such a nice picture on my
pasta wait oh yeah he how come you got
to stay up today is it because you took
a really good nap yes but what have we
been watching watch I'll even watch you
cry little sneaky didn't even I will I
was trying him no I was on the phone
with Joel as his driving home and Boston
kept making all this noise I'm like
Boston Shh I wanted it to be a surprise
it's a good spell Penn Caillou well I
wanted to wait and close the vlog till
you got home I didn't want you to be
missing from it well I had to go to work
I know what's what I'm glad you're home
did you a little turn wake up the
Lincoln I know how kill them
oh it's been bad the last no I remember
though reading about that in that book
about like the the phase they go through
where they're just learning temper melt
all of our kids are kind of
it is very apparent with week yes yes
I've got Joe home so I'm gonna let you
guys go we'll see you next video bye
guys
bye guys yeah well you my Boston
