good morning you guys is Saturday
morning Joel and I he is showing me
around we are on our way to my cousin
Albert's wedding reception and I am back
here in the back seat with little
Lincoln and he is so happy to have me
next to him aren't you
you saw my face and you just got all
happy and smiley yes you're lucky to
even be there because no kids are
invited but mommies that have babies
they're just a part of Mama's so they're
just attached they're just they count as
one they are one with me huh that's what
babies are Ellie's come in and she has
Calvin we just passed my uncle David on
the Rob how much do I love my Uncle Dave
in the Metro Lane a little obsessed a
little obsessed with them they're just
like good folk it's like you know when
they say ah back in the day the men knew
how to work and I mean that's my Uncle
David like he's just all my uncle's all
all of my uncles I just love everybody
might as well mom Beau and Emily are
coming and I'm hoping that a bunch of my
cousins are going to be there I'm hoping
that a bunch of my cousins are going to
be there but if not that's okay we'll
party without them
for our wedding Joel not very many of my
aunts and uncles came but my uncle David
came in my aunt juley and that's who
Albert's mom is and so it's kind of nice
to come and support them when they've
supported me and I don't know it'll be
nice to see everybody are you going to
be good and not cry I'm going to wrap
them to me and hopefully he'll just
sleep will you sleep how you and your
cool kicks and you and your cupcakes oh
please sleep good I love you what'd you
say to their Pumped Up Kicks
sing it for me just do it just can't
remember the words but I remember that
phrase Joel Helene I know you know the
words to that song no time - no time to
sing we've gotta slow down he makes me
so mad
so speed trap speed trap is a speed trap
we'll get trapped you will get a ticket
if you break the speed limit here
see I only know two words as a song and
they sing it
somehow the song go just reminds me how
the song goes
that's why I can't remember yes you can
I favor pumped up kicks' no you make me
so mad
he won't even sing in front of me I sing
my guts out in front of Joey whether
it's good or not
look at him hold my hand oh you holding
my hand
kids are at home with the babies their
own his feet are crossed could you be
any sweeter but kinda rebus you just
trying to wrap his feet around my arm
could you be any sweeter don't think so
boo think so oh and PS I'm so mad I have
this humongous sunburn on my face and
trying to put makeup on it was like
trying to put makeup on an alligator's
back so it wasn't gonna happen so I'm
going bare face today which I'm like
going to like a formal reception
whatever it's fine I at least put
eyelashes and eyebrows on
do you think that's pretty exciting
what do you have she wouldn't have swing
and of course
Olivia's Olivia's just excited about all
these dreams can you see what this does
to my gosh you are the best did sissy
get you out of your I see okay so I did
not record when I was there things were
just too exciting like I got in I saw
everybody and it was like I couldn't
even reach in and grab my camera so I
didn't record while I was there but it
was it did my heart so much good to see
all my aunts and uncles my aunt Patsy
was so sweet oh my goodness yeah I want
a blue cheese hi boy let me take a
picture of you to sit together sit right
I am can you give me a nice smile with
your baby brother
look she's pushing oh oh you're helping
okay yeah okay give me a card she wants
a picture with your baby brother one to
teach thank you you guys are so welcome
now we're not having those until
tomorrow we're having those tomorrow
okay scoot over hitting Stuart knows
leather no please don't
thank you thank you you guys are so
welcome that you you are so welcome did
you know what I need to ask you why do
you find those little balls I'm gonna
tell you why I'm gonna tell you why I
got all these treats I'm gonna tell you
that tomorrow I'm gonna tell you
tomorrow
why did you get my favorite treats
because we have confidence in you that
way yes give what up girl thank you for
the goldfish hmm Victoria and Natalia
said you kids were really good today and
boss took a two-hour nap for them
you guys did you have a good day oh I
love you hangry um I'll explain the
treats in a minute but for now
I have to tell you guys a boom so
welcome you guys I did not cook them to
do this they're just kind of angels no
I'm just kidding
um I I'm so glad that you're eating and
that you're happy I just stripped him
down because I know sometimes it feels
good just to get your clothes off hon
baby her baby you think that I do have
something to tell you so a few videos
ago Joel had dropped our camera we took
it in to Best Buy to have them look at
it and to see if they could fix it
yourself oh yes okay um if you're now
you're just saying that because you know
I'm laughing at you um so we took our
camera into Best Buy and they said we
cannot fix it you didn't buy the
warranty for the phone you just have to
replace the phone on your own yes they
see your treat can you scoot over for a
second thank you um and then so that was
that we were just out the camera there
was like seven hundred dollars and
they're just like hey you just have to
buy a new one so we were just gonna buy
a new one anyway they called me randomly
a few days later maybe even a week later
and they're like hey we just got looking
over your account again and we're gonna
replace your camera I was like I'm not
gonna ask questions okay so we went in
and they replaced our camera for us what
a blessing like I just felt like who
looked at it again
why and I don't know how or why opinion
but they replaced our camera for us and
I just feel super super grateful so we
picked up our new camera so tomorrow
when the battery is charged you will
have better quality let me see your
dolly oh my goodness come closer did you
wrap her up on your chest I wonder good
job Melanie you're not so comfortable in
there
oh yeah okay just go put that in the
garbage can yes Melanie you look so
comfortable in there did your mommy let
you wear her pretty bow that someone
brought to your ex turn around let me
see you had to wrap it a few times I
looks good let me see you
good job that looks so fun looks like my
room bed by tomorrow
good morning you guys joel is 8g we have
been trying to figure out how to cast
General Conference onto TV and dole just
did it he is a genius this morning the
reason for all of the treats basically
they are bribes to get the kids to sit
quietly so every six months our church
broadcasts our church leaders giving us
talks giving us words of encouragement
words of counsel and we sit as a family
and we watch and listen to our leaders
talk to us so what I personally like to
do is load the kids up with some treats
load them up with some toys on a blanket
and they sit quietly on a blanket we
watch Conference Lincoln is currently
taking a nap and so he will sleep during
the first session which is two hours in
the morning and there's a two-hour break
in the afternoon and then there's
another two-hour session after that so
this morning I got up I made a roast it
is in the oven it is cooking and we are
about to sit down and watch Conference
how amazing it feels to have this
Wow sure has worked the last three years
so the last six conferences I have done
this by myself and it's stunk but I did
it every time I saw the kids down and we
watch conference and I just did it
without him
and this feels so good just feel so good
- you want softer all right now I'm
gonna have candy my guess is that you go
for a conference after conference can I
ride my bike
yes is social yeah where we can
associate with people with good moral
standing is not just a dream talk about
the baby Nestle pronounce their children
at home deeply saddened by the death of
his son so that he was devastated where
the thought I've never seen him again
he explained that as relatively new
members returned late statement of tiny
plan in the table just one time prior to
the bridge a little over the bar where
they have been suitable and to their two
daughters he then described what they've
been so abundantly a return trip to the
time but had one you have been able to
take their bone boy in order to be
sealed to him as well Hey
recognizing a positive message of their
one I explored a keyboard abuse attack
if he remain grateful it does the
ceiling ordinance that had bound him to
his wife and daughters was also
sufficient to bind him to the son I woke
up under UCS if this is really Trina and
when I confirm it once more he then
asked if I wasn't on my screen just to
cover inconsolable in the two weeks
since after the climax
very best often difficult war they are
late you all can be though in a lot of
patience and self-sacrifice to be
individual or family needs it should be
noted if God himself
trusted young somebody foster father
sure some of the credit goes to Joseph
the stuff is right in this four eyes we
need glasses for you minke so we're just
outside swinging at Elie and uncle chair
came over between no you're not whether
we are in qui are in between sessions
and we are just outside enjoying the
sunshine we went for a walk and not for
up to yeah it's beautiful it is hot so
if you want me oh we are just going to
close our vlog thank you guys so much
for watching I will see you in the next
video bye guys have a good week
take my Joel those bows what was the one
finger huh
what was the one finger I don't know I
don't I don't know right
