hey guys today we went to baby animal
days joel was at work ellie and jared
invited us to come and so I just thought
whatever let's just go and I'm glad that
we did we were out there all day and I
did not bring my camera to record
because my hands were full with the kids
and my mind was focused on them I wanted
to just enjoy the moment and so I didn't
record today but when we got home the
kids I put all the kids to bed and then
I called Joel he's on his way home from
work and they all trickled in my room
and they were telling Joel all about
their date today and so I heard and
pulled the cam around because it was too
cute not to record so I recorded them
telling Joel all about baby animal days
and everything that we did every single
year I tell myself I am this is the year
that I am NOT going to get sunburned I
am totally sunburned I'm so mad I'm
furious like look at that that's
horrible
I'm furious that I allowed myself to get
sunburned the kids didn't get it as much
I don't know if there's I don't know
maybe my skin is just really sensitive
all of us did but anyway I'm fried I'm
ticked huh but the whole day was worth
it it was so much fun
so anyway this is the kids telling Joel
all about her day I was scared cuz I
thought there when I hold her one day I
thought the two I like I thought he was
like enough
I thought the pot we're gonna go on my
skin ah but yeah and Boston did oh yeah
turtle yeah no they were just what about
the snake we saw a snake their land in
someone's hand yeah but it wasn't a mean
thing or rattlesnake I don't know what
smells like uh um a nice oh it was like
a it was like a black and a white one
yeah tell him what else we saw there we
saw baby bears and what was the baby
a baby bit him funny part okay let
Olivia tell daddy yeah like for and
guess what um two three worse wait
- were asleep three okay three were
asleep and one bear there's two bears
that were awake and guess what what if
the Bears was trying to wake up the two
bears
how was he trying to wake them up feels
like feels like crawling on I'm licking
um and be really funny he's getting
rustling - bands on behalf of long -
it's okay Olivia - bears were rustling -
guys weren't even arrested okay okay
climbing up a chair people oh yeah
um miss Barrett like a bear member the
thing that holds your back on your chair
I'm the back um was facing this way and
not this way so the thing that holds the
chair the bear like chewing on you
trying to climb up because you wanted
that personal hoard the bear okay
tell daddy about the tree like the bear
yeah everyone are afraid when I'm back
up on our tree
you wanna try it yeah it was like like
over yep and we and but there's like
this red box and it's like a gel one
it's like a gel box it's a good booth I
think oh good and we walk nice creamy
yeah I was yes
and then we got unlocked that we were
just pretending right over there just
pretend oh okay and who is in there with
you about it that's it we're Calvin in
the train with you know Lincoln guess
what I'm is no clothes part here why
you've ever heared I shook the caboose
no no this is engine I shook the
conductor's hand and goes what Jackson
did - it was really fun for our animal
did you see
peacocks we go oh yeah like I'm one I
saw that it was like the colored one and
one half to one way yeah yeah and and
the tails were like pretty yeah um a dog
one knows colored was like really pretty
but it whoa
it wouldn't shimmer yeah I wanted to
murga the cull out to get up
cute joy it was just down and one stops
and train stopped yep and then we going
on
it was pretty mighty on the it was like
a really long line and guess what it was
pretty money cuz there's mud everywhere
yeah and guess what
I'll be went to the mmm the cows and
guess what Wow we can't else alum was
flicking arrow and guess what I'm
Jackson wet in the poo and the mud from
the cow yeah mommy
yeah I saw many things you don't make a
gig yeah which I was like Boston I like
I want to ask Boston a question Boston
tell daddy your favorite part my dad did
train in my favorite my favorite part my
favorite part was like playing with my
guy but he was broken oh yeah told out
about bull riding give up when I was
bull riding your first red slope but I
stayed on and then it was going a little
bit faster I will stay on and keep then
he went really fast and then I felt off
cuz I was living my hand up on one was
on but I I was about four but and then
I'll hold it on you know I think that
you're sitting on I it was really fun
and so yeah are you Tooting oh my gosh
Oh so what we did there and we got some
cotton candy oh yeah we did
yes Oh My yes we get goodie okay Oh
daddy guess what Cody got the blue and
the pink and meme Boston and Jackson and
mom and grandma and grandpa and got pink
all-pink cotton candy no blue but cardi
shared some blues me and guess what we
got popcorn yeah yeah
who's yummy Boston yep that's it
Kenneth Oh dad you know what my favorite
part was about today holding the baby's
turtle and guess what holding the baby
turtle you don't want my best best best
man SuperDuper best part was yeah I'm
paying the turtles neck studying this
turtle neck winning big turtle the
middle turtle little tiny turtle Maya
the tiniest Boston and Cody's were kind
of big Joel do you remember when Olivia
held the baby turtles when she was a
little baby
I never went with you that was you in
route cool are you oh yeah you went with
Ruby and then you went with Josh and
amber I hated right oh my gosh I can't
believe you've never come yes that is
how big the baby turtles were they
literally do really big as your eyes and
Charles were yep and I don't like touch
the shell yeah I just do the shell and
I'm like sticky thing what Edgar yep he
had a little sticky thing and it fell in
the dirt yep I level mine is broken so
it mines there but it's still broken is
there anything you want to tell daddy
that you saw today
how come
ice cream ball on the ball what I would
scream on the ball to your right on the
train
wha what color was the Train whoa
Oh do you like it mm-hmm yeah yeah uh he
walked off sitting there they locked you
in there yeah wha what cover the Bears
right black did you watch a movie today
what movie good dinosaur no II didn't
put your favorite movie Boston north
come on it is famous no plan bump it
don't tell mommy thank you for today
you're welcome you're welcome thank you
guys so much for watching and we'll see
in our next video bye guys
