am I mad No can you say I'm sorry look
at me
see I'm sorry Oh what are you sorry for
you're my aunt layout for the trip in
your oatmeal you don't want me to be mad
at you
yeah eat you up my gosh dang it oh my
gosh good morning you guys this morning
has been off to an extremely rocky start
as you can see the kids are sitting on
the couch behind me and I remember being
a kid and my mom being furious and us
laughing and I remember her getting more
and more mad and we just kept laughing
and I don't I don't know why we did that
but it was terrible and they made her
more and more mad and these kids like I
swear I keep getting ferociously mad at
them and they laugh when I'm done of
course not like in the middle but like
anyway the morning started out with
Boston spilling his oatmeal and he spilt
his oatmeal because he was not listening
so this rug is so dirty it's so gross do
you know how many spills I mean yes you
do know how many spills kids eat three
or four times a day and I would say four
because they have a smack in their kids
eat four times a day
and they stole every meal so four times
a day for over a year so maybe you have
this run two years I don't know how long
we've had this read the rug has got to
go you know how when you you can take it
you can wipe it up in life anything it's
like you take it for so long and then
one day it's like I'm done I am done
well I am done with this rug we're going
to be getting hardwood floors and maybe
a couple months I don't know whenever
like Dickens organized Hey so I can live
without a rug I need to throw this rug
out well I don't need to go to the gym
anymore because I just had a workout all
in and of itself cleaning this stinking
floor it was a disaster um it was pretty
gross it looks so naked without my rug I
it's fine it'll be easier to clean up
messes and now at least I'll know it's
clean so we're gonna head to the gym
we're gonna head to the gym are you guys
gonna be crazy and run all three
different directions or are you gonna be
good and state my mom Boston are you
gonna be good and stay right by mom I
told you today what all the ways I find
I put all the money in my lower lid do
they even listen oh my mommy that is all
he wants to talk about forget it let's
go to the gym
my name money okay let's go let's go the
gym was a success I got home hurried put
Lincoln down for a nap and then Ellie
called me and said hey I'm going
shopping for Albert's wedding which is
our cousin we have a wedding on Saturday
and we're going to be going down there
so we're gonna go shopping together to
get his present and I was sweaty and I'm
like you look really pretty don't you
and she's like well I'm ready I'm like
gosh dang it
so I hurried hmm so I hurried and got
ready I just slapped some makeup on and
the baby is still asleep I have like a
minute left as I wanted to show you this
cute letter that Olivia brought up to me
this morning it says from Olivia to mom
and dad so Olivia do you want to read
this letter to us I want a pickup for
everything I wish for a key Cup please
can't you get me one for my birthday
please oh and what's a teacup I was like
I know they're teacup yeah Jackson is
coming he's coming - what's a cheek up
he looks like a Yorkie that but it's
like a key cookie she wants a teacup
Yorkie and I told Olivia a long time ago
I said if you still want a dog when the
baby is a year old
we'll think then we'll probably get one
for her I kind of assume down give up on
that little phase but she still is going
strong and I'm I'm torn I'm just torn I
don't know what I think about getting a
daughter especially an indoor dog we
have known in our family has ever had an
indoor dog and I don't know what I think
that I mean I know it I think about that
I don't want an indoor dog and I don't
think I would like an indoor dog that's
just not my personality like a hundred
percent not my personality but I just
don't feel like I but I know I don't
want a big dog oh I don't want a big dog
That's not me either I think I can
handle a little dog better than I could
handle a big dog yeah so we'll see
I wouldn't we're really thinking about
it I don't want like a dog that's
teenager and goals big but we're not
gonna seriously think about it until
Lincoln is a year old it's always a
birthday um actually you are right but
at the end of the summer we'll think
about it
okay yeah yeah we're not even going to
think about it for another till after
the summer is over can we just check out
your hair really quick come look at me
look at me what happened with your hair
say that's say that's what a good
night's rest looks like and fun playing
at the gym looks like huh today you will
not be seeing Joel he is at work and so
for CVX live bro took off several days
off of work and took several days off
work and I loved having him around
I didn't crash this morning was a little
bittersweet I I mean I was ready for him
to leave we like our space and like okay
gareki but it really was nice having
water and olivia is on spring break
nice so we've been seeing a lot more of
Olivia since she's had a few days off of
- okay I'm ready for a go at school - so
this is typically what it looks like
when I'm trying to get out the door as I
thought maybe i given the baby a bottle
I'm not
Cody pretending to help me Oh yep Oh No
thank you do um yep ssp and then
Boston's gonna climb on up here this is
just a joint effort Lincoln I hope you
know when you get older that it was a
joint effort from all of us to raise you
and to keep you happy huh it is a joint
effort keeping you happy and every one
of you has helped and I appreciate it
Austin Lincoln's um yes when he gets
older he'll have your old costume yep
these are your old costumes we've got an
old snow pants ooh an old Superman suit
firefighter suit and a ducky and then
other fluffy things in there from things
I've tried figuring out oh okay let's go
and Ellie's waiting she's already in the
store we are gonna see if we can go find
Jackson and I think they're over by the
shoes so let's go this way go see if you
can find him
you don't think you want to run that
much does that mean I think you're too
big and old for little kid games did
they find him no I don't think we went
to the wrong store I bet we'll find him
you got here we literally made an entire
circle do you see him Oh keep going keep
going keep going go around the corner
well Shh don't be come on hey that's
pretty good they didn't mom we have been
searching the entire store for you guys
they were so excited I knew they had I
knew they had the bomb but they never
have it in stock to the heaven stock oh
my goodness I'm excited to go look I
cannot believe him look at him
sneezing clever what I think we should
get that for Albert's wife Oh awesome we
brought the kids here at a chick-fil-a
and Boston's favorite spot to lay he
knows I'm recording him he's just been
hanging out there we skip naps today so
he's just hanging out in there
and that's Olivia's go to face oh and
that's your friends go to face your just
being my good guy down there and check
you guys see my new shoes
Jill made me get some new shoes because
they were my old ones were killing me I
don't know well it's like I don't even
know if I love him like I got her so
cute yeah they're sleep taking my
picture you want to see your picture
okay
what are you watching faster you're
watching the river I put that thing in
you put that little thing in there and
we walk snow today no everything's going
fast yes that's awesome
did you get crap on your hands wipe it
on your pants or the road I'll just make
your hands more dirty
are you putting more stuff in it this is
what we're doing okay I do not want
everybody wet you can be in as high as
your ankles but I don't want to change
everyone's clothes when we go in
librarian mm-hmm
I want everyone to find a spot in a
blanket we are going to okay Olivia if
you need a blanket go find one Cody if
you need a blanket go find one I am
going to oh that's the light Oh
fireplace I'm gonna turn the fireplace
on oh did you need a blanket you don't
want a blanket okay we're gonna cuddle
up we're gonna turn the lights off and
we're gonna have a little bit of quiet
time we're gonna watch a movie oh good
fire mid gramma fire you want to watch
mrs. Doubtfire yeah what is your
favorite part of that movie this is
Doubtfire yeah what do you what's funny
in the movie mrs. Doubtfire oh uh are
you running a little mess when they run
over the mask you like that my favorite
part and when when she when he makes
that noise in when he takes the all the
clothes off ideas belly you guys know
the rest of our evening we're gonna
watch a movie have dinner and then
bedtime we are gonna watch mrs.
Doubtfire we are gonna watch mrs.
Doubtfire
thank you guys so much for watching if
you enjoyed this video make sure you
click that thumbs up button and we'll
see you in our next video bye guys
Oh Monique Oh goodbye guys goodbye my
human daddy yeah if you make sure don't
we bear said Josh if you make sure that
word hey
