can you close the toilet you want to
come sit on the floor so me know sit on
the floor like mom is telling you to
you're not listening
do you hear that little thing he does
yeah he does that when he was feeling
like awkward or something sit on the
floor
nope you're gonna sit on the floor like
mommy's asking you to I want you to sit
there and you can put your coloring book
right here here's your crayons and you
can color while mama gets ready you
could open it does that Ryder what's
that mean where'd you find that my
blazer
what is it ablaze ablaze lit that used
to be Olivia's when she was a baby I
made it for her and I had a matching one
that was all ideas when she was a baby
for a wife she did cry when she was a
baby
no you guys he's such a pill huh
okay I'm gonna get ready you call her
do you want to come yes go get your
shoes on I will go to an Ellie's oh no
you don't need a hat
I told Boston that he had to get a how
long because I don't want to fix his
hair and he looks did you look in your
closet
come here look I think I found him in
this mess of a closet can you put him on
yeah do you have your dinosaur socks on
that's the wrong foot but that's okay
we're gonna go with it Chuck Knockouts
in New York
want to wear Cody's boots yeah oh boy
that's a cute handsome bell gotta keep
your pants up
are those too small no they're hearty
when you go to kindergarten will get you
your very own boots oh are you guys
having a fun playdate
sure okay let's go back downstairs and
play Alvin and the Chipmunks that's an
amazing red button you guys look like
you so much hey you know you're not
allowed in Ellie's room you break things
and you ruin things no no no no no
downstairs little animal in yes
downstairs little animal
you can get one of the small carts it
took a lot of convincing no I don't
think we're gonna do that
Krang get one
Lincoln is a hyung napping Joel is
finishing up doing work on the computer
the kids are gonna be home from school
in the next 10 minutes and we have to
get base off so that we can finish
making lasagna Boston was not very happy
that this is what we were doing but I
said quiet time is all about being
together and this is what we're doing
we're being together being lost trying
to find spaces right Boston get looking
gotta find the basil basil basil basil
basil
bring on basil Boston Booya let's go I
am thinking to deed on me
it will be fun to run also is that Sam
will I meet will we see her what is in
that hat good Olivia why don't you take
first I can have you try on these shoes
well Boston place will you do that
won't you try these shoes on they're the
same ones that we ordered last week but
they're a half-size smaug the other ones
looked really really big on you go ahead
and try them on do you think that it is
really hard for me to find Olivia a good
pair of tennis shoes that don't look
huge and clunky honor yeah those ones
fit a little less like chunky and clunky
on you yeah like they fit yeah see I
wanted the one and a half this is a size
one sent straight up see how you're
likely means the up stand on it okay
well there is no room for growth
actually those look super cute on her I
don't worry about room
right because they will wear them out
before me before they even grow out of
everything okay yeah you have a great
plan
do you like him Olivia yeah do you like
their danger on you and normally I would
never normally I would never have
ordered a white tennis shoes for the
kids because they'll just be demolished
but Olivia and I have a photo shoot and
we both neither white yep that's not for
you find the edge screaming you can come
on out but this room is not for you to
play in you can get the ice cream and
you can come on out no more things no
more things he's trying to like look for
other things that he can like take come
on out of Olivia's room where's the
green ice cream let's go out and see if
we can find it
yep you are not allowed to play in
Olivia's room because you will demolish
everything right I
did you just eat that with your hand
literally for them five million
Lincoln no Linc it was not very
gentlemanlike so I hadn't wanna grab the
camera I'm gonna make the kids sit at
the dinner table quietly while I explain
our dinner topic tonight I had to nicely
remind Olivia to not eat like a heathen
and to eat like a lady I said you need
to eat more ladylike and she said what's
ladylike and so we've been having the
discussion on what are ways to act
gentleman like Cody recap what are some
ways to act like a gentleman bingo
Boston what's another way to act like a
gentleman don't eat with your mouth you
perfect until young handsome perfect
Olivia what's a nice way to act like a
lady okay not very gentlemanlike sit
down sit down
that's not gentleman like is it okay
what's a way to act like a lady
I'm to say thank you in okay perfect
what about when you sit down in a dress
and what about when you're when you have
something that tastes so good you just
shove it all in your mouth all the way
to take nice ladylike sites right many
times I've told her a gentleman can only
treat a lady like a lady if she acts
like a lady right I mean and vice versa
it means that dad can't treat me like a
lady if I don't act like a lady and I
treat my husband Acholi like a gentleman
if he doesn't act like a gentleman
you are not very gentlemanlike here and
try and put this animal it's very baby
like you're very ladylike thanks James
that's right gentlemen Lady Marmalade
e-baby dad's lady is Olivia a lady
Olivia is the best little lady I know
except for when her dinner tastes so
good she has to scarf it all in one bite
I was like breathe you breathe
are you ready for piano lessons tonight
yes do you want to get your books ready
and we'll get ready to go thank you guys
for watching see you guys tomorrow
