all right it's 8:00 in the morning and I
am I am here doing a chore but somebody
else a fellow youtuber should have done
you may recognize the person I'm doing
the chore for mr. Meekin yes sir Jared's
offski in thinking around and we're
getting work done here today is back to
reality we are home for the weekend and
all morning the last couple of days
Olivia Olivia has been doing crafts
she's been playing with Easter eggs this
is all over my house
I am so ready to throw away every Easter
Egg I come across
you've been playing everyone it's really
the best one you can do yes expert my
whole class cause everybody else that's
girl joel has been on the phone trying
to get things arranged for our remodel
up here and it's just been a lazy kind
of crazy morning as you can see it was
spring a couple of days ago and now it
is back to dead of winter yeah well no I
actually love winter I'm just ready to
put my hoodies away it does feel good to
be wrapped up in my hoodie today though
I think today is just going to be a male
hour
kind of day I've been on the phone with
like insurance that kind of thing so
we're just like taking care of business
look what blanket are you guys playing
on this you monkey blanket oh hi there
Oh spit up all over that that's okay
regular towel I can get it out well at
least you did it in the right place
least you got it in a toilet every one
of the kids as nails are so long so we
are doing a little bit of maintenance on
them yep and that now yes and we're not
biting our nails are we are you biting
your nails no they look pretty good yes
good luck he keeps hurting his self
always do like he got he got like cut
from corner because he shot it and it
came back to funny baby that's some
pretty hair so here's a mirror so I can
grab you're over there
and not are you ready to see the coolest
magic trick ever
okay let me see this so I got a grand
Kaka
and I want to turn it into a puppy and I
go I've got one grab break oh
there's the cruellest what do you think
about that Cody Cody you think that's a
pretty cool magic trick well he was more
impressed earlier Tony how did you get
up there and you did pretty good
I shot I'm using his bow and arrow and
he I shot it inside the closet and now
he had to climb up and get it good job
Cody
good job code can you go close the
closet so I stopped throwing it in there
yes thank y'all I shot thinking I was
gonna hit down the hall and it hit right
here that was very scary oh don't throw
that by the piano love yes that was very
scary mom's pretty good huh okay you
hold the camera and I'm gonna shoot it
down the hall ma'am Mama's playing right
now now let's go hold on I'm focusing
the latest one which came last one this
is my last one and it will be my time
then my turn no matter ready
Cody are you aiming yeah alright it's
Olivia so there's my turn right I'll
hold your corner cuz I'm gonna be skewed
I know she has as much as I want cuz you
did so many I get to do so many and he's
getting tired he's getting tired yeah
you've had a busy morning haven't you
Lincoln Lincoln I wanted to look at me
Lincoln what's got hit you mean it okay
we're gonna let it live you do it one
more time one more time alright
okay go Olivia Oh Boston mom mom you're
a laborer well like your own labor
mm-hmm I'm a work blade anywhere I'm a
lame aimer huh good a mere-- air
your ballet work well you're some Goods
a mom you care whatever thanks code
you're my number one fan okay everybody
out of the way me it's Lincoln's turn
hey Lincoln is the best shot of
everybody that is not as far as you can
stretch that is not as far as you can
stretch oh my gosh I'm sore as crap and
I like can go past my feet and I'm very
very sore and no Joel is the most rigid
man you'll ever meet
he has been that way ever since high
school so we came and we worked on
yesterday and we are gonna work out
again today only because one we wanted
to get out of the house so I called a
babysitter we're going to work out and
yeah they have a hot tub here we've
never taken advantage of the hot tub
from the outside it's outside so we
figured while there's still snow outside
we're gonna go in the hot tub after we
work out I'm not excited I hate working
out but this is kind of fun I'm glad
were doing it together
yeah no it'll be good
Wow earth I think I could beat you kill
it I like that it's cold ready
oh it's not as hot as I was thinking you
have to dream your clothes before the
lines get real funky but I wanted to
show how good it feels freezing if
you're out you're freezing if they're in
your heart there's no happiness I don't
think you gonna stay for very much
mascara ya know if you felt let's just
feed back to the difference between us
today in the hot tub and like us when we
were engaged in a hot little different
it's a little bit different like when we
were engaged we'd get in the hot tub
like every single night at our apartment
complex and we were like in what kissing
city with each other we got in the hot
tub tonight and it was like sprawl out
leave me alone if you didn't really talk
we just kind of sat there and it was
like so you ready to go I enjoyed myself
but you have to admit there is a
gargantuous difference between us now
and us engaged ah ah they engage higher
not tough and like engaged with four
kids and the baby hot tub cuz I finally
get some fun
that was awesome I don't care it's okay
we're gonna go home see our kids they
better be in bed not me not gonna be I
know the big floppy but that's okay
thank you guys so much for watching
stake in our next video bye guys
