it's a good thing that the Easter Bunny
remembered that it was Easter cuz we all
forgot and I was so this is such a good
mommy mommy I was like they were all
excited they saw the Easter Bunny
brought and then I said go back
downstairs and be quiet because the baby
is still asleep
look at us in a minute eat drink brought
me so laughing put a Miami sea and I got
me a back yoga already football that was
amazing our girls are so cute on many
matches I saw the Easter Bunny brought a
pajama for Olivia no he's understand and
under matching one for her American Girl
doll um so I'm gonna go can you see I'm
gonna get me ah
you're cool I've been wanting wouldn't
be but something's missing it because I
hear if I was no sir
sure you know what I bet daddy would
know how he looks like a kid yeah I
don't know where that came from I think
Jack got that from the store the other
day
it's a lawn mower for boys too he'll get
oh that is so sweet
Amir that's all he cares about is eating
do you think that's a good idea for him
yeah let me see do you think it'll fit
er yeah I hope it does are you gonna go
back in your dressing room
okay I won't peek oh my gosh Olivia
that's perfect
let me see your slippers oh my gosh
and her matching slippers that looks so
good Olivia sit down on the fireplace
and hold her hand so I can see both of
you ah so sweet
Olivia do love it I think they're
pajamas yes okay
you can sleep in them every night so
this is the gastro your pudding yeah
that's right so that's where you put it
and then you pour it in here and then
right here I blows it and then I think
it just you guys are pretty smart how
did you get so smart
oh yeah so you gotta you gotta play it
clearly so you gotta put this thing
would you tell everyone for helping you
put your lawn mower together and Boston
what do you tell everybody thank you hey
what did Cody call you this morning look
at me what name was he calling you this
morning face that other fish but I'm
home oh yes and he called me a selfish
babe ah you guys are talking naughty do
you like it you want to go show daddy
well you know I don't look underneath
all the papers I'm gonna use this to go
to Grandma's and color or light right
okay sure it was a little easier than I
thought it would be pretty sweet
does it whistle
hey Cody you're doing it look what
sweetie do you want to bring it okay how
do you ask make sure we just got to my
mom's house and we're being quiet cuz
baby Calvin won't find one ready no blue
a we are getting ready for the Easter
egg hunt the guys were outside setting
up the drone which video is going to be
amazing
go watch Jared's video because he has
got the drone set up for this Easter egg
hunt anyway we have all the kids in the
family room and we're just waiting for
this Easter egg have to start anything
if you can see them back there all about
balloons we're just like trying to tame
a fascist Aunt Linda let me see your
basket
so she you are just about as excited as
anybody is to go for this Easter egg
hunt but if you go at the same time as
the kids you're gonna get trampled
laughter oh ho so Joel you said you
uncle Jun was gonna take Aunt Linda
outside set a chair up for her yummy yes
see Joel she needs your hand honey
now don't let anyone trumple Aunt Linda
no okay I got her I know I don't want
you to on your mark get set go
come on what's the matter what's the
matter draw some candy in those eggs are
you ready rock band get the eggs
don't worry they're playful Derek's
controlling it was nothing oh is that
what he was nervous about was the
airplane which one you wanna go get
yellow you pick whatever one you want
you run out there and get whatever one
you want don't you run get whatever one
you want
who are you baggy it's got canyon come
on
go ahead honey Oh he doesn't want the
pink one or the other one he wants to
hold your hand while he does I cannot
believe this oh crap I just step on his
egg oh my gosh I know we're a broken egg
Bonnie I know not me
well antenna your hypotenuse fo you have
well now you're just being greedy
Cody you getting some eggs well you
gonna find it cool oh my gosh look go
look over there there's a big one on the
chair you are so welcome Cody I got a
big one go behind there see what's
behind there there are so many eggs
still on the floor and their baskets are
full their baskets are full did you find
some Kate we see on my yard
awesome code I can't believe you were
worried about not having enough eggs I
still felt like I think we need more but
everyone has like 100 eggs so I love you
noticed what Kate was running and one of
the eggs fell out of her basket like and
it doesn't even matter is coming album
is going I think right now it'd be a
really nice time to thank the E&J
productions for sponsoring this Easter
egg em candy as UPS yourself I'm like
well I know I mean it when I say thank
you kidding me
haha oh that's so sweet
I got everything dinosaur time
let me see what's in it there's $1 let
me see
you think that's a $1 bill do ya Cody
what dollar it but bill is it
that's a twenty twenty dollar bill
there's a twenty dollar bill what are
you gonna do with it Cody what are you
gonna do with your money I'm gonna buy
sticks I'm gonna do something I'm gonna
buy something gun or do you want to put
it in your piggy bank and save it for
Disneyland no you would much other buy
something cool now you want to buy a gun
with it that is the $20 bill dude yeah
but I'll give it I'll give the guy it
when I buy it okay all right that's what
you want to do I'm sure you guys have
seen all of you're gonna say oh I see
only oh I see Olli you guys the daily
bumps are here brining also known as
Brian Brian will name Bonnie well I'm
not just a piece of meat okay my kids
know you as the daily but it's like
Brian and Missy they probably sent me
the back of your vlog eatin bread this
obscure he's eating my mom's rolled
always here Missy's here and they have
their like gang they're over there on
the swing set right as a posse now yeah
the posse calling him wherever he goes
and he does like a and then walks up I
bet they follow up that's awesome anyway
my kids are pretty excited that Ali's
here having an Easter egg hunt with us
he's so tired graduation look at his
hand you're doing just like laying here
he's happy he's posing feels good he
looks ginormous and he feels like
nervous I swear I think he's growing out
of this he's getting he's getting chubby
on me and I like it
Ali did you get enough eggs well you
look like one of the kids you going up
to play okay have fun
you've done more crying today than
anything are you okay you got plenty of
treats in there the what took your
balloon what took your balloon yeah the
jet the jet took his balloon maybe the
drone is thinking someone took your
balloon gosh darn it
you look what just flew in front of my
face nice you but but what did you get
skittles oh my gosh I wish I had some
skittles yes so what I was gonna tell
everybody is Joel always tells me that
he married me because he wanted to marry
you but what he got was you sucker
I got a non real man I get crap done
okay hold onto my arm that's way too
much candy next nog
you're gonna get a bellyache not from my
staff first step oh you're gonna give it
away
oh that's awful nice casually Brian's
gonna perform for us the entourage is
like boring
be mine
that's where
before he can sing any more songs my mom
has to dust the piano it's not the right
acoustics much
she's got adjusted first
No
this nurse
I don't know where you learned okay if I
give you your bag of treats are you
gonna eat it in the car no I I believed
him if I tell him
don't eat him you just won't eat him
right says Boston if I hear you eating
him I have to take it away we are packed
up and ready to go we are heading home
it was so much fun hanging out with all
my family today on Easter and it was
nice having Brian and Missy come with
all their friends it was fun hanging out
with them if by chance you don't know
who they are I will leave a link to
their channel below go check them out
they're really also they are genuinely
kind people so anyway we love them you
guys have a really good week and we'll
see you in our next video bye guys
