good morning everybody me in the Libya
we are off on a chore and we had the
worst night last night we got in late
but when we got in Lincoln had been
fussy all night for the babysitter he
did not sleep he didn't sleep well for
me either and he woke up like 10:00 to
6:00 yeah right there sweetheart
and so everybody's been awake
everybody's a little tired a little
grumpy or really hungry and put a
looking shoes on for the first time in
like two three months they don't fit at
all so she's sporting her old kicks and
me and her got to make an emergency run
to the store so that we can get her some
she's the fit for today the whole day
should we go oh it smells good I smell
bacon
I smell bacon good morning guys so we
just got into the green room and Kody
just came riding up to me who did you
find you want to go say hi okay let's go
say hi
what are you going to do I'm something
like shows did you hear what you guys
getting pulled over a hot pool dude I
never did you hear him when we walked in
he goes people I see the dad you know so
just about the second we get here the
kids have found the goodies did you find
a goodie bowl over here is this kind of
fun oh I need to see how snazzy
everybody looks let me see your outfit
yes and lo we got to show everyone the
new shoes you got this morning that was
that awfully nice of daddy to take you I
thought that was really nice you picked
it out now
did you find that tree those are there
just for you do you know that those are
here just for you a little guy can you
help him honey
trying to have Olivia help you yeah oh
you want to do it okay okay we are just
sitting here waiting to go down I don't
want to start believe
whatever okay we're waiting to go down
it's almost time for us to go down and I
was just telling Ellie I am so thankful
that I have here like this whole time I
don't know where to go like I don't know
what to do and it's just like you can
use my the kids tell your handlers to
take the kids that disagreement but you
can do that so it's like you know hey
guys your points of conviction
oh yeah yeah and I'm just I'm telling
you everyone help thankful I have for
you for like Oh showing us the way Ryan
and Missy did it yeah everyone as you
start something yes we always that's not
friends for help do you know my handler
said I was like I'm not here and you in
my mind you know and she goes well I
don't know about you but Haley and
Jared's line is going to get really good
she goes it always is
she goes I want to injure an issue I
want you to oh my god I just think it's
really cute are you ready for this I am
NOT butterflies but now I do
look Boston is ready to go out okay yes
we're ready Olivia you ready yes I think
that one's ours is on ours okay hey you
ready yes
Tony are you ready you guys go first I
want you to go first go ahead go ahead
hey it's very quiet it's very quiet what
he wants me to see our poster he wasn't
you see our poster our line is now done
I was really nervous that we wouldn't
have anybody to come and say hi to us
but everyone that came I didn't even
want to pull my camera out because I
just wanted to focus like everyone that
was here and it was amazing it was so
good to see everybody and so now now
that my line is done now I can see my
cab Oh are your kids doing okay every
day oh I can't read through it like it
was writing down oh she's oh she's
running uphill Olivia she's really been
you know McGirt your the gate people
like no no no that alien Jana cool okay
nice to see you Oh is she
hi Kaylee Kaylee you're the only one
that got to be on our blog today oh hi
wait for two seconds and all I found was
this guy Cody Clark finally playing
cinnamon Tendo and Boston Wade just
watch him ha ha are you just watching
are you having fun but yeah they're so
spent there so Danny and I don't know
how they're gonna make it here tomorrow
but at least they're having fun right
now
but these guys huh she's finally meeting
Elsa and Anna she is so excited she was
so nervous
well there's still the kids are over
playing video games the kids never play
video games so whenever there's video
games they like to go over and play
anyway they have these massage tables
for the adults and I just had my massage
done and John I made John he's like no
I'm okay I'm like no get on the table
and you're gonna get a massage yeah on
the table
you wanna know what he came in whispered
in my ear I was getting massage these
girls you know just what he said cuz I
told them I was laying there he walked
over and whispered in my ear ease off I
can see your lady hugs your since that I
know is that insane I love my lady the
black-eyed peas do man Emily your hair
Jared's brother and they are being so
good to play with Cody I'm sure Matt is
like I don't want to play with you but
the boys are being really nice to play
with Cody so he doesn't know how to play
video games I think he's questioning
people by trying to play anyway what are
you showing him Betty's beds you guys
have the kids all have Betty's beds on
their beds
the booth next to us and they brought
each of the kids over one of these
pillows yeah Oh again to him you're
scaring him busting did you have fun
sign your arms paper our people weren't
even asking her and she's like Joey sign
your stuff they're like
before we go in I wanted to just let you
guys know what we were doing so we drop
you to jump in the hotel they've been
swinging and the kids are meaning that
all the ones are watching a movie so
we're going to go in and we're going to
see Alex
I watched him dance I see that make a
move he is amazing
he's so much worse he's much small yeah
I would dare say es moves like Mick
Jagger I would dare say so we're walking
this is the first time I've been down
here like in the main stage area it's a
new dean right yeah it is a little bit
empty but I really want to get to Alex's
thing and then we're going to go to
Elliot he just ran into me and she was
laughing about my kids knocking over the
garbage can yeah I know it's true
watch
I'm with my niece sherry you may know
her and we are at the trixin booth
because his dad said no so we're gonna
find some sherry some swag can we have
sherry what are we looking for what kind
of shirt do you like do you like a shirt
- just a hat just a hat
are you sure okay okay so me and sherry
just stopped at the tricks and booze
Bonnie's probably gonna be mad that I
spent some money but we had to get some
I've been seeing this hat all day long
and I've wanted it sherry got which one
this one and she'll let you see your
shirt I have to do these nice things for
her sherry why sherry
why because sure he's amazing I don't
think you know this Sherry's like a four
oh student she's an amazing pianist
she's the best big sister
we know huh so sherry deserves the world
can we just got done with what is it
called
hands off just kind of like the show
like the show and I met up with my
sister Ruby and my brother ball and
everybody anyway so we're gonna head
back to the hotel Joel just reminding me
that I have to edit and I'm like oh my
gosh okay it's closing time let's get
out of here closing time it's closing
time
Boston Chuck are you sleeping and daddy
shaved Johnny Caputo you jong-kook cake
well deja vu mr. baby this little guy
will not sleep over here today he napped
for 30 minutes a lot of hotels it you
know
never again you're not gonna go after
you bigger is your peel he hasn't slept
this whole time I don't think we have
really addressed how well today went um
I had my DSLR set up to record the me
angry and I totally didn't bring a
memory card for it so I didn't get a
record them but I can we just stop
Herman look how pretty you look like the
room look at what your makeup looks nice
it's because I'm glowing from within
today's was amazing
we met so many people I can't believe
how far people travel I can't believe
how nice people I got out from Chicago
my word
yeah I think those two people from
Chicago there was two people from
Arizona hmm it was kind of crazy
promisor
so many nice parents all the parents
brought the kids you guys look my kids
are over Olivia's little eyes are
peeking boss Cody got in trouble tonight
okay he's a little I'll go to sleep it's
Libyan miserable
but we want to thank everyone that came
and stood and online everyone that
stopped us and said hi this has been a
really good experience for us and we're
just really grateful for you guys thank
you so much for watching and subscribing
and being involved in our lives we just
really appreciate it some we'll see you
guys in our next video bye
