this is how joel is getting ready for
CVX live keep going okay come on get on
and this is how I'm getting ready for
CPX I'm a girl on my air and yeah this
is what we're doing this morning we are
getting ready and we're getting packed
last night I got all of the kids packed
so this is all the kids stuff that they
have and my stuff is not packed yet
because I have out of that to get Pat so
hey we're good
we're showering we're cleaning our butts
and I did my toes last night I thought
you're putting up by my ear my ears
thing it better be
no no I got a shower still hey I got
tweeze your Unni I'm working up a sweat
I got tweeze the Unni don't read the
dictionary and work up a mental sweat -
I don't even understand it's two days
Bonnie it's two days I understand why I
feel the need to pack so much but I have
to have my camera I have to have the
battery I have to have my laptop and I'm
sitting here packing my bags and over
Lydia's go oh and Olivia packed her bag
this morning she packed out this morning
yeah Olivia packed her bag this morning
I'll show you what's in there so I just
wanted to put her bags
next to my bags um in her princess in
her princess bag she has this oh she has
it she has her jewelry and she has a
hair clip
and let's see authors Elsa and Anna
that's what she has in her bag that's
reader clip I know as if I don't have a
million of them but so I'm just gonna
get her little bag but by mine and we'll
take those out last because they like
you all right we're ready
um I think so are you guys ready oh let
me oh can we show them your shirts oh
yeah come here
what shirts you guys wear oh we're shirt
you got on take a cupcake sure sure is
that how those you're Johnny cupcake
shirt yeah here let me take a picture of
you guys come here Boston goes another
one different Lincoln actually has a
matching onesie - Helene yes we got
pulled over were you speeding
maybe it's your tan light again maybe
well yeah I'm in agreeance for the
camera Dex I don't want to be
disrespectful how long hey realize I was
going that all the cars were going the
same speed like cars were we were not
passing people um lucky he's a very nice
guy he asked us where we were going and
I told him Boop sorry I asked him or he
asked us where we were going and I told
him we were going down to YouTube
convention he was like uh what kind of
YouTube videos do you do and I was like
this is a good phone this you could say
I kind of have a feeling my as soon as
the cop is done the kids are a little
nervous
my vote is that you get off with a
warning
what do you think oh no I'm getting hit
ticket I am getting nailed cool okay
this mug yeah he got a ticket well um I
do believe he's on my side of the window
what are you going to vit he was really
in there I was not in the car if I was
in the backseat hi man I usually get out
of all my tickets yes every time meat no
well today oh hold over like four times
do you remember getting pulled over with
mom
three guys yeah Cody had to see the cop
car turn around look at the cop car code
well Joel one Oh
ticket but kids did
five over the kid he gave all you kids
stickers I son so stickers make your
ticket go away so you don't have to pay
the totally yeah we're finally here and
we're finally settled in the hotel room
and I feel like a chicken with his head
cut I feel like a chicken with its head
cut off for no reason at all like I have
legends bring out the stress and anxiety
and we're so cool oh oh over here is
everything well I feel anxious for my
babysitter Kristen is like no it's fine
like we're I'm fine but in my head I'm
like I know how my kids behavior
sometimes a nice I'm like stressed out
for her so we're just gonna take a peek
really quick another all in the pool but
she was totally fine with so we're gonna
just see I'm a and I don't even want him
to see me oh she's doing really good oh
let's see her over there in the corner
oh they're happy they're doing just fine
they're doing just fine okay sweet oh
and she's smiling baby's happy see just
coming down and picking on them makes me
feel like ten times but 10 times better
like that makes my stomach feel much
better okay okay welcome hi
I guess we should tell them we're doing
something it's called the parade I don't
really know virtual reality virtual
reality I had to park my bangs in orders
huh
geez look at this getup oh yeah I guess
this would be a better place to show
them my outfit here in the dark in the
dark you look great I think you look you
thank you guys for your courage into
area check out much you can't even see
my little tom do i yeah Thank You jacket
enforcer
like I don't hallo yes I do okay she's
gonna already watch this look at this
thing oh it's kind of heavy
it's happy but not uncomfortable once
you have it all buckled up got to mess
up that pretty hair okay that took hours
to do today ever know
okay so holding anything all right so
they're just Magnus is buckle right
together
Michigan's I wish I could see myself
alright look pretty awesome don't see
she even said I look pretty awesome so
whoever what does last time was much
skinnier yeah you've never okay it's all
right it's on we just you know we're
just gonna force it I already have my
Spanx on alright here we go whoo whoo
alright I think so alright we're gonna
lower this okay so in the mask you
literally see this whole huge different
like a weird thing I was actually very
scared
right alright welcome back you made it
Joel I was not gonna let go your head
for nothing that's so crazy Heidi it's
very real that was cool that was so real
no idea I'm just gonna do the second see
my bank's looking for the joy thank you
she's gonna really be what oh I don't
know but okay we're here dinner and
we're April and Davey are here
I'm so excited to meet them and I don't
know what Davey thought when I first saw
him but he looks like my brother Kong it
feels like family meeting but I walked
in and I was like dude you are so
handsome but I love telling people like
am i shy at all telling people like no
anyway he has is she gonna try and set
her first time okay so he has sushi and
I don't know why I'm doing this YouTube
makes you do stupid things and make
fries it's not like initiation like it
smile oh I like porn enjoy you're like
sorry haha I knew this whole mode okay
hold this I'm gonna try it it gets a
little crazy okay you can try this dish
soy sauce is like half seaweed
especially Vegas soy sauce and oil you
want a lot of green stuff yeah a lot of
the grease a lot of the way if something
it's like plain oh I've never had sushi
before this is amazing I thought you
tried it one time with me better
challenges will you use sushi which role
is this one deep-fried it's got some
crab avocado team the whole baccata buy
the whole flower bomb want some green
stuff on me
that's a circuit did you like it fun no
way you gotta you gotta clench it yep
got a Klan planchet plant flames
you're real good bonk ranching
and there's a second to go for okay oh
my mind is not big enough it's not fishy
it's good stuff dirty I can't believe
you're doing that come on that's good
that is good
are you doing that for the camera no I
wouldn't be like a ton of it good fine
my bad my bad
well I used to work I actually used to
work at a Japanese restaurant and Latta
sushi I'm I'm very impressed very
impressed
but can we found we found a pirate ship
I think I could get up in there but I
mostly want the kids aren't here right
now and I want to show the kids a pirate
ship
isn't that cute of Joey he's like Bonnie
record this I'm like I'm not gonna
record the pirate ship Joel he's like I
want to show the kids because the kids
are back at the hotel sleeping have
crossbones on so you're a real pirate
cupcake pirate hmm not my luck this is
just the story of my life so we had
dinner
and like the second one walked in the
second we walked in I was like oh my
gosh oh my gosh we need I need to go to
the bathroom ASAP
and like the guy was up there talking
there's like people that I want it okay
hey Kent doc no more dadgum
hey barn you okay yeah I'm good you're
good there's nobody here so I can be in
here
I'm pretty sure that's the law down to
to the potty break Ram - we probably
would still be on round one but we
started dancing get our freak on um no
no I did not start gassing getting my
freak on Bonnie doesn't know how Depp's
he made me he was controlling my arse
and you were doing really good
well you're doing really good dancing I
don't dance I think it's this space and
all the food I eat it maybe just make
some food I'm coming in no you can't
that I don't know if that means P
welcome to LA
I wasn't be comfortable I thought it was
just finally going into the lady's
bedroom so we just got back to our hotel
room and Kristen said that he was up all
night which he was and she said that the
kids were up so much and all they were
doing was laughing and I feel so bad
were look we're gonna make do with what
we have in here we're a little cramped
there's a lot of bodies laughing I think
we'll do okay I can't believe I have to
edit I never edit this late
I usually edit seven o'clock like we're
not night owls so it's kind of late I
still have to edit but we'll get it done
won't we mmm
look at him easily oh hey you guys are
you really happy you're here you guys
thank you so much for watching tonight
has been really cool meeting all these
people that I've either just heard about
or I've seen it's been pretty cool we
had um usually I'm the outgoing one and
joel is super like more reserved he was
on the dance floor going nuts and I was
just like I don't want to do this I
can't do this
why you wouldn't you feel like you could
do anything in a romper I would okay
thank you guys for watching we'll see
you probably tomorrow we'll see you
tomorrow bye guys
