so we are ready we got up at 7 a.m. dot
Olivia ready and she's at school the
boys are ready you're ready and we're
gonna go to the gym I don't understand
how getting up at 7 a.m. this morning
was harder than getting up at 4:30 when
I go to work I know I don't I don't I
don't get it yeah uh I was kind of
feeling the same way I woke up with a
bloody nose how weird is that
I woke up alone okay let's go to the gym
all right come on
so much anymore cycle solo Boston likes
four-wheelers and motorcycles why ever
bring our my kid did rain on our bikes
that's why we had to put our stuff away
huh yes did you have a good workout yeah
did you what you're sweating yeah you're
sweating stinky front I kissed her back
to the gym I was like yo your face was
like miles you didn't go ahead my class
was extremely hard
I John came up it was what I did I
worked so hard the whole class and then
when you came up and was watching I was
done like I didn't know Joe was watching
I was just like basically doing nothing
I looked I'm like I wasn't slacking the
whole time wait is that why your body
hasn't changed just get it yes I think
has a little I have to hurry though I
have to seriously hurry because I have a
hair appointment and I don't want her
smelling or touching this old way to do
it all his gum flap and get going get in
the shower Ellie called me right as I
was leaving my hair appointment and she
said had sent me like seven pictures she
was here at Ulta I was clear across town
she's like you need to get here now so I
called you I'm like can I be gone just
like 20 minutes longer even though I
really met an hour um she said that they
have all new Anastacio products here
doesn't seem like a huge deal but it is
because here in Logan we might have the
same
stores as other cities but the inventory
is path and so all the products that
these guys have is like half of what is
normally here anyways I'm trying to find
her I'm so excited
you know what I don't believe you I'm so
happy that they had a baby boy I'm so
excited that they have more than one
item of Anastacio products elliot like
that's like I love their products
there's a new line to your dad to let
see I'm glad that there's lip glosses
here these are my absolute favorite
are you working I think I think I fix it
she welcome oh okay we just got a lot of
really cool things and I what we want to
do is do like a first impressions video
and maybe show you some of the things we
got so if you guys think that that would
be a good idea give this video a thumbs
up and if there is a substantial amount
I think I should be using I think it
would be fun we need to I think there's
more makeup videos more naughty puppy
what did he just do he ate your treat
you tell him say don't treat my treat
puppy hey JD won't tell him like you
mean it
Nike now point your finger at him and
say don't you eat my treat puppy Reggie
oh now bad puppy Ike I don't tolerate
naughty puppies now what is this called
I mean is that a ring treat get your
finger out me train now you show me show
the puppy don't you dare eat that can I
just smell I can't believe he's even
doing that you see point your finger
ah no say no puppy I smell cuz no hey
he's nothing he's mrs. such bad news
don't watch us melt it like a snow okay
did you 2d okay yeah all right Boston
you hurry neat that we're gonna go take
a nap okay one when you wake up yes hey
 Amir winking at me
yes yes I Costin say good night to
everybody it was a good nap look guilty
gotta leave this here I was gone for two
seconds
putting Boston down for his nap and I
came up to Joel admiring himself
- Joel admiring himself in the geekify
video is that you oh if you want to see
Joel in a handmade loincloth go watch
the geekify guys video here's in oh no
no no oh look how cute these boys are
watch my video look at him he's so
excited to be here well I think he's
excited cuz he's wearing his first pair
of shoes are you wearing your first pair
of shoes those are little shirt shoes I
bought those for Boston yep market
remember yep I bought them for Boston oh
my gosh I love you I love you boys
Lincoln hi baby
oh look at you
ah look at you
Lincoln royboy Lincoln relay Oh all gone
we go mama oh my gosh look how strong
this great guy is I can't even take it
like I need to put the camera down and
kiss her Hey are you dancing oh oh I
want to kiss you I want to kiss you I
missed you when I was getting my hair
done what's going on in here it was
laughs what what you think you can just
wake up from a nap willy-nilly let's
unwrap you ma'am hey you stink somebody
stinks can you smell it can you smell it
in there hmm
let's get the let's get the lens real
close maybe you can smell that bunny
mm-hmm just ink hi you're excited to see
daddy you're excited to see daddy you're
excited you took a good nap too huh huh
huh slight change of plans for the day
you just gotta roll with the punches on
your days off hey hey hey get out of
here get out of here hey where's your
sock set but go get your socks on hurry
up we can't go anywhere without socks
okay should we get his bum changed do a
change bum laughs if you're spicy but
did you feed if you want your bum James
over look at that we're gonna have to
lower your crib bud
oh hey gay doctor we gotta go to the
doctor today give goodbye doctor
give his crib to the doctor yeah why
would we give his crib to the doctor
where are your socks and shoes
it's nice to see you in the vlog today
Olivia do you know that I miss you like
crazy when you're at school killed I
know it's freezing I'm excited
show me some of your dance moves oh yeah
you need to go pool cave we're gonna
hurry so we just came into town like
Joel I think told you what so yeah I
mean you're I'm in his seat okay so we
just got into town and the kids were
starving and so we came to sit down to
eat and we're having the same thing we
had over dinner guests lagunas to cozy
go to or across the street from Lucas
and that was very upsetting getting it
and get it it was very upsetting to
Boston that we weren't going to lagoon
the name
we just got situated we're going to have
some dinner doable more shopping I swear
we're always saying we're going shopping
this how it is every spring and fall
with the kids I made a few orders of
course they're not right I swear my
entire life is the game of exchanging
and returning in lalala ttcc see season
came in Olivia's room to say good night
to her because she's not in the vlogs
very much because she's at school and
this and this little sweetheart is out I
think she's been in bed for like a
minute I feel so bad
that is a cardigan as a dress she has a
person each hand and a necklace wrapped
around her neck
if that doesn't depict Olivia I don't
know what does good night Olivia are you
worried about your hat hair huh he's on
trauma go get my hat you do enough
someone's gonna show you screenshot that
don't you
we got the kids all put in bed and we're
just gonna debris away from that I think
it's a fad is there any diverting away
from this it doesn't stop yes and this
is um something John me notice the size
of the bag smart food family size it
it's addicting so we're gonna watch a
show we're gonna see if there's anything
on TV maybe some green buds yeah gonna
have a little pop of popcorn and that's
our night not a percent whole grain
gluten-free no artificial this is be the
healthiest stuff in the world and I lose
weight eating this give me the whole bag
please why do you think about the party
sighs that fellow feed one person does
literally with the smallest bag the
store dad I did not want to get like
this ginormous thing off the shelf I'm
not complaining yeah we're not
complaining guys thank you so much for
watching and we will see you next video
yeah see you real soon
so you're all good no don't you know
remember that the Mickey Mouse Club why
because we like they spell Mickey and
each letter has like yes I know what it
is see you real soon
see you guys
