can you stand right there for me yeah it
took him some convincing he was very
concerned about coming outside without
his shoes on I'm doing haircuts right
now I went to the gym obviously I don't
understand like why my face gets so red
when I work out okay what I'm gonna get
a haircut who's gonna get a haircut
Tony Cody's gonna get a haircut and who
and who else what's going on and I am
NOT doing yours because Ellie does the
most perfect job on this man's haircut I
could never do it as good as she well
you know what else I know who else does
a really good job styling uh who me no
huh don't worry honey you're still value
like your stone you know I don't know
his name say hey I say Boston say Boston
I feel like he has a grudge against
Boston no no I'm just kidding he's like
okay go find Cody go find Cody do you
guys want to hear something amazingly
awful I was taking a shower and I
thought of something that I really
needed to put on the calendar and if I
didn't put it on I would totally forget
so I came straight from the shower into
the calendar wrote what I needed to
account her turned around looked right
out the window and made eye contact you
guys I made eye contact with the UPS
truck I was like ah anyway
UPS guy totally saw me naked totally saw
me naked but the upside is Joel is not
home and a package came in to nail that
I'm sure he would be mad about you know
how when you order something you're like
please bless that my husband is a home
when my package arrives
Joel's not home my package arrived some
earrings for CVX live why you got to
take your socks and shoes off every time
we get in the car huh while you do that
Chris goes
oh serious
shouldn't your dance move Olivia nah
she's that we got all haircuts done the
boys hair all done check it out and
Olivia wants to know if these dance
moves are weird
where did you learn those ass nowhere I
don't think your dance moves are weird
at all you mean awesome awesome months
that's what I meant by a we're just
heading into target to return a few um
what other people go to target we go to
tarjay I have to get a few different
sizes for Olivia because a few things
are too big okay I'll catarah okay we
have to exchange these overalls because
we needed a smaller size and I think
they look really cute show me the dance
here today earlier quiz time huh what is
my favorite Easter candy - I have two
Cadbury eggs okay so I knew that's why I
said - because I knew you'd say that one
first what's my other one what do I get
like bags of
I'll show you oh oh oh did you see him
starburst uh no starburst believer of
jellybeans yes but that's not an Easter
thing yeah you're like all-time
favorites no I swear they're only
kinetic Easter time do they only come
out at Easter time I don't think so but
I don't see him all the time
starburst jelly beans I get and any
jelly beans like all the jelly beans I I
really love jelly beans and guess who
has not bought one back this whole
season yeah yeah that's not true
oh I buy back for him but I didn't eat
them George I did me huh such a open pot
hmm anyway one of those no I won't want
even a black licorice one okay I've had
a couple black lawyers but I mean like
when I buy a back like I usually feel so
bad yeah like I you pull back that is
not the case with my Easter candy the
channel I was admiring you buy oh thank
you what is your favorite Easter - my
body is yours oh um let me think let me
think let me think what your favorite
candy is I know what it is
I feel so pressured right now chicken
you want that no I know it I know who
that is way to message I'll take that
from candy um seriously what is it the
chocolate Cadbury eggs um that is two
mini Cadbury chocolate those are those
are like those are everybody's like
that's a gimmick okay so what is yours
let me give you a little tweet it keeps
your belt no no not only are these
Joel's favorite he likes to poke holes
in the top oh yeah of the you cut him
open this thing let them dry out and you
like him Chris so like come come mate
those are gonna be great and that is a
grandma Kerrigan yes okay you know what
Joel what color what color is my man
want
we don't know yellow one he used to
bunny boo boo
we're good all right you hope so
I'm positive these Easter Bunny better
breeze I hope you bring juice don't do
what you'd hey you think you want one of
those okay I think we're like in the way
we need to get out of the candy aisle
causing a scene what's that what's the
one on stick to the plan stick to the
plan we're going to take your shoes off
when we get inside I know they're
feeling itchy but we're going to take
them off when we get inside okay can you
run
can you run say goodbye to Grandma
grandpa he always wants your hand come
on daddy
well there's my big guy in there here's
one goodbye India are kicking his feet
you're pretty stressed out about those
puzzles do you know what grandma has
these puzzles and I tell the kids
don't you dare empty out all these
puzzles when you what's the rule when
you do puzzles together you and you just
do want to play right so we got here and
there's all these puzzles out and the
kids are like mom the puzzles they're
really upset about this mess of puzzles
and you know what Greg wants them yes
Gina grandpa said he said let's bring
these upstairs and put them on the floor
and we're all gonna sit down and try and
fix up these puzzles dad yeah let's go
upstairs and let's get these puzzles all
situated okay I'm gonna start with these
two
ooh you are fast too yes so what's do
you know these are easy for me well it's
cuz you're amazing no because I've done
speaking 17
all right oh we got this no I think they
were like that when we got here absolute
I think we have every one of these in
blue sure you're right the kids are all
playing on the rock back here mom and
Ellie and June all of us we've just kind
of been having an evening together we
just decided to get together and have a
little I don't know just dinner and
Ellie and I came down did a little bit
of shopping not together but
individually I did some shopping with
Joel she did some shopping with Jared
and we've just been enjoying our evening
and the kids are all you know it's time
to go home and the kids are getting
fussy and the kids are starting to get
fussy and dirty so we are going to call
it a night call it a night yeah
we're calling it a night thank you guys
so much for watching
whilst and I'm video
