what are you doing come here you're
watching the robot dog I was just about
to say good morning to everybody good
morning you guys it is Saturday morning
it is Saturday morning and I am just
getting ready I just got done tweezing
my eyebrows so they're a little bit red
and I have on my mind
CVX live so joel worked all weekend wait
what is today no Saturday he worked the
last several days it felt like the
weekend he worked the last several days
and he has the next couple of days off
and we're gonna be getting ready for CVX
live like I want to go pick out a few
outfits for the kids I want to make sure
that me and Joel have our outfits like
cleaned and washed and like all that and
I'm getting so excited like I'm so
excited I want and this might seem
random to tell you but I do have a
reason so I want to wear my black
jumpsuit I've shown up once in a very
early on vlog and at the time I had lost
a bunch away and I was excited to wear
it and Dad I told Ellie oh yeah I told
Ellie I was like that's what I want to
wear for one of the parties at CVX live
and and I was like I know I'm not gonna
look the best to know like I know my
stomach's gonna be like hanging out in
it and I and I asked her I'm like should
I just not care should I just flow up
and wear it and that is what I
determined I'm just not gonna care like
yeah we're looking at birdies oh there
are so many birds as I go though yes I'm
not gonna look perfect in it but I'm
just gonna enjoy it like I love my black
jumpsuit and I'm gonna flip and wear my
black jumpsuit blasting no more cookies
you close that cupboard oh no no no no
no now my whole point to telling you why
yes he just got in trouble because I
said no
he didn't want to listen up to this
point on YouTube I have not felt the
need to be competitive I'm just me I'm
not gonna pretend to be somebody else
like I'm just gonna be me and if people
watch me they watch me and if they don't
then they don't and that's okay and I
don't know why I think it's because
there was a suggested video on my
sidebar one time on YouTube like a week
ago and I was watching it and it was
this lady just tearing apart youtubers
oh my gosh has she ever talked about me
no um but it was just crazy and then I
got watching the people that she was um
tearing apart I don't know like it was
just this big huge like black hole that
it was sucking the intern I stayed up
really really really late watching these
videos and I just thought don't do that
to yourself
don't and I you know I got looking at
other peoples numbers and I just thought
you know what that is bad news that is
bad news and this is a lesson that I
learned this week and maybe you guys can
learn something from it too do not
compare yourself to other people and do
not think that you're not good enough I
am gonna wear that black jumpsuit I'm
gonna wear that black jumpsuit and I'm
gonna feel good in it even though I
don't look perfect that's okay do you
know how many people aren't do you know
how many people are perfect or have that
perfect body not that many not that many
everyone is out there and just trying to
be accepted or you know in in one shape
or another and I I'm the only person
that I need to be accepted by I am happy
with myself I do like my frizzy hair I
do like my body I really do even though
it's not perfect like I really do like
it I would hate for one second if I
heard my kids complaining about their
bodies because in my eyes they are
perfect and they are beautiful and it's
not even just bodies it's occupations
it's you know statuses like marital
status
or status like whatever you are whoever
you are you are good enough and I know
this is totally random and I wasn't even
gonna say anything but it's just like
well this is what I'm thinking this is
what I'm doing so I'm gonna tell you
because that's what I do I record what I
do and what I think you now when mama
says no more cookies what do you say
okay come here
give me hug if if I let him you want to
play outside cake just give me a second
if I put him in a corner and I forget
about him he'll stay there he's not
going anywhere just he just stays that I
don't know why watch his face when he
opens wide it's like he knows he wants
his mouth open wide but he okay yeah
you're go she tried again he's trying to
keys trying to open his mouth wide
good job is recognizing it is so funny
to watch him open wide
he sees the spoon but there it is oh
you're doing good eating's hard isn't it
okay I'll see the spoon you see that it
makes me laugh every time I was laughing
at him earlier and he's like hit what's
going on
yeah he sees the spoon open wide
why we're just waiting for baby to wake
up Olivia has an ear infection doctor
honey yeah she's like that's going to to
grade our yeah yeah she had a cough last
week turned into an ear infection so
everyone's awake Cody's done playing
Boston's really really stinky can you
lay down I'll change it lay down what
change yeah he's like nah
number and mom did y'all done playing
through friends you're hungry you know
what I think we're all hungry you have
to go good now you want into the wet
wipes they're all over your room well
yeah you have a fresh you don't get a
small box to me okay yeah Ren give me
hug as fast as you can fast as you can
embosses turn we're waiting for Lincoln
to wake up so getting it going on
come here sweetheart doctor says daily
infection by linear infectious yeah it's
at 102 right here are you good like pen
cuz ur ears attached yes yeah okay
bosses turn its bosses turn mommy guess
what this fire favorite they ask you yes
I didn't mean it was cold outside
yeah
Joe what's your go-to pizza what the
jalapeno chicken chicken how feels yummy
Mike owes you pizza every time is what
Oh the buffalo chicken
I love buffalo sauce like I just can get
some good these kids will not sit down
thank you telling him sized town
please pay is not scary um I feel
yesterday
I'm just hurry before Lincoln starts
getting fussy I just know it he's happy
for now I know I know what your guys's
go to pizzas is what's your favorite one
here oh yeah I knew it
okay mine is Oreo and this kind work
hard just a bunch of everything sit down
sit down
so then speak up so I can hear ya
you don't want to hear my song came on
the radio do I feel like you know uh a
song came on the radio and Olivia goes
at school I would go cray-cray I was
like wow what did you say about cuz I
say it to be funny and I'm like where
did you hear that she goes where do you
unique and she pointed to me you think
you say it to be funny but you are a
Kardashian followers so it's getting
your vernacular now no it is not I
literally say it just yeah to be funny
like I think it's right I know I'm not
literally saying that's great I believe
I believe the only thing you'll call me
nowadays ah
what does she try to make you say good
grain right now we're cray-cray and I'm
gonna get back to the March Madness I
want to know how many people are falling
out March Madness and fish explain I
remember saying that one oh yeah deep so
pizza I remember my parents a pizza yeah
yeah yeah Pizza Pizza scraper all gone
Wow sauce that you will never get old to
me Oh
let's see let's see pussy pussy Oh
wowzer kind of scratched it just a
little bit count-o u keep Tripoli to
ditch the boots I think they're on the
right feet let's try that again
yes you will never get a ha ha ha I
really do love the two of them running
together Boston's gonna be fast you
watch oh he already is olivia is pretty
fast to get them for me
okay so I'm gonna put my face to the Sun
so there's not such a gray I think we're
gonna close the vlog here we're just
gonna do a little bit of shopping you
guys thank you so much for watching we
appreciate you guys will see in our next
video bye guys bye guys
