have you been upstairs yet if you have
have you slept in your hat the last
couple of days
hold on one second now listen the baby
is still asleep so we got to be quiet
today is st. Patrick's Day so Olivia's
wearing her green pants and she had
money set out for her leprechaun in her
green shoe now I have never had a
leprechaun come any any cane yes I just
find I think it's because only because
of your absolute great faith here put
your selfies on cuz you gotta get ready
for school I didn't want to put my bow
in my hair and all this falls out
I know I set it up for a month and she's
not gonna wear it
you want me to come see yeah let's go
see what it is hey are you gonna be
extra quiet yeah
because I do not want the baby to wake
up this is the one that Boston gets
because he ate that last book since I
made that rainbow this is the gold that
he told me where the treasure is
mm-hmm and I saw a book and this little
guy made rainbows and he told me where
the gold was
and he gave him green cupcakes for his
class party weird yeah awesome and it
says my rainbows I look there's one
friendly get one for Cody this is for
Mom dad
hey yeah this is for Joe for who daddy
that's right
and Olivia did her own hair this morning
didn't she I got my own Vitamix I'm so
permanent oh my teacher about this you
are and what else special thing is it
today what do I greed oh my goodness you
are a greater you are a greater at
school today we gotta hurry then we had
a super late last night um we had a
super late last night
what what is s so funny we had a late
night last night because we had a really
late night last night
Joel was filming a video with he could
buy guys and they came and crash our
house yes and they were here till like
12:00 30 ish something like that like in
Pisa second
I am making gold and I told Joel Akina
this morning with the boys while I got
ready to we okay don't ever plan early
morning dentist appointments so we had a
late night last night and we have an
early morning this morning I'm not
feeling the most chipper and we are kind
of running late in here I am just
hanging out vlogging but you know you do
what you got to do there's always time
for vlogging it's always time for
vlogging one more he slept through it
was so loud they were you at you all
were so loud last night I cannot believe
the kids slept through it
every time they yell at Craig I know I'm
like my baby but you did so good you
slept through everything
yeah just gives you the big baby in a
world I just got the varnish put on my
tea ii feel that like film on my teeth
and joel they called Joel back care am i
recording yes they call Joel back and I
can hear him and I wanted to get Joel
started so I'm like just bring me the
baby so I was laying here with Lincoln
on my lap but I'm actually surprised at
how well I did it's probably because
there was lots of cool things to look at
wasn't it yes hey boy
I'm being summoned you don't have any
cavities I'm a big one no cavities you
guys I don't remember the last time that
I didn't have a cavity so yeah me kids
are playing hide and seek they're
getting really really bored Hey
faucet go up and count go up and count
oh shoot see okay okay okay
they've used the same spot the last
three times okay
we're really hoping daddy gets done
sooner he's left just dying wanting to
go to sleep fifth time in a row yes yes
oh yeah that's right
this weapon is I guess when you're
asleep nice to know and again Cody oh
yeah right I skated away with possibly a
gum graft oh yeah so there's a gum and
there's no skating about well you know
oral skin graft surgery I have a bunch
of recessing on my gums and it's been
coming on for years and years now and
I've just like I just eat really
carefully
anyway and to us that I have and you
have possibly what I what I have is old
cavities from a long long time ago not
cavities feelings but I just take up
like thank you percent of the dude so
he's all those are gonna break
eventually like man playing Brooke now I
don't care
but they want to save the tooth because
sometimes if it breaks you might not be
like they might not be able I don't know
I just feel like it's important to keep
up on our oral hygiene because we older
you get the harder it is they want you
to drive faster Oh Cody said slower
Bostick said that's about right we were
at the dentist much much longer than
planned
I cannot believe it's like it's this
late in the day that took way too long
wait too long and I have to get to work
so see you guys okay your germs in there
well tucky and just like that yeah now
you were crying huh why were you crying
because I that I had you wanted your hat
didn't check yep he likes to sleep in
his hat he slept in it the last couple
of nights and the last couple of nap
times so you're gonna take a good nap
huh are you so yes mom I am that's okay
close your eyes
you know oh boy he's doing
Oh which one's green Boston and Lincoln
are done friend nap Olivia's at school
we always meet when it's nap time right
yeah we say Boston Cody's gonna take a
nap - and what do you do
wing TGO and evening mm-hmm which means
he's really not going to take a nap but
it just makes Boston feel better if he
thinks Cody is taking a nap - so and
look v√≠ctimas yes thank you
hey when did you know that when Olivia
was your age right before she went into
kindergarten I used to have little
playdates with her - we would have quiet
time dates while you and Boston would
take a nap and you believed them uh-huh
but now B and you have quite a V that's
right we're gonna have some popcorn
Cody picked out some Oreos yes I'm
letting have them on my bed and he
picked out some fruit snacks and you put
it out to pop huh so we're going to
watch a movie together maybe mom will
close your eyes for a second
well I'm watching my shows sure okay
let's do this yeah it beeps every day
night and morning night and morning you
serious I can feel it the whole day
every day every day every day everybody
because 6278 nine days back that much
days wowza Olivia that is sweet
Olivia picked that little thing of
flowers where did you find a nurse box I
get it yeah let me take a look
love these girls Oh Olivia is taking a
little bit of cough medicine because
she's got a little bit of coffee
don't judge yeah yeah I kept using alkyl
yeah Olivia tell me your most favorite
part about Saint Patrick's Day at school
today
well my favorite was doing magic papers
you did st. Patrick's papers like what
oh no that's not my favorite back what
have you lunch and eating my chocolate
at lunch you're what I calculate you
make your chocolate planet lunch yeah
okay okay drink up your stuff because we
are on our way to an delis don't you
figure out that Cody I want to know why
you have your hat on that way back in I
get what my real blown from my birthday
I don't know why yeah that's how joy
wears his hat when he goes for wheeling
and last year for Cody's birthday he got
a four-wheeler like a battery-operated
one and he thinks that it's just too
lame now it doesn't go fast in
up or it's not strong enough to like go
over the curb and so he wants a real
formula first birthday this year and
he's pretty excited Betty he's thinking
he's getting it well l le may come to
the gym with me I ready yeah I'm gonna
go to the gym and I'm gonna take the
kids with me and when I get home I'm
gonna be beat face and higher good go
she probably was just like so I'm gonna
close the block here so thank you guys
for watching and we'll see you in my
next video my you know just what to do
it's not your camera
