we are the world we are the children we
are children we are the ones we are
glued we'll make a better place I can
back leg so let's get started let's get
started we are the world we are children
are so we are ones where I who make a
better place like a bad place so let's
get started let's get started stay with
the truth
enjoy a horrible chicken no it's bedtime
can you say good night everybody
good night hey I'm down you been good
morning guys it is my day off which
means we got some work to do we got some
errands to run boys and lots of them but
we can't go around errands in our
pajamas cuz that's ridiculous what are
you watching Figaro pho figure out bow
okay let's go get dressed
come on boys what how come you have the
quarters for the leprechaun I thought
the Leprechaun supposed to bring them to
you
apparently out anything about leprechaun
sir yeah you moved choco pies they're
not like this you get all along Foster
I'm right here you have to put them on
top of your shoe is that
haha early again give me the big Gators
online they remind - that you just pinch
you ripples - great right yet it was
that many colors by you to have a banal
spawn and yeah I really bad
we're dropping the car off Walmart to
get the oil changed well I was what did
you hear me honk at you ah I was honking
at you and I was waving at you he was so
excited to be driving behind me and I
saw his little hand the whole way
sticking up above his car seat it was
your hand show me how you waved to me
put your hands up show me how you're
waving Cody what were you doing in the
car it was so cute okay let's get into
suburban over this light this way this
way this way
here he comes our main man he's smiling
when you pulled out the camera and we're
built video and be the lady walking my
life don't put me on that YouTube what's
going on that's going on the Internet
you can sing this out
that's for you joy the reason I think of
Julie there's two reasons one time we
were in the car singing yeah and we were
like just loving it like yes get it yes
and then but then the other one was when
we were in Kansas City and we were
singing it in the car blaring it this
that was our very first is our very
first video this videos mm-hmm I'll link
that below which I think I've linked
that in many videos I don't know there's
something really significant about your
first video and I'll link my sister
Julie's channel down below to swing from
the chandelier miss you should we you
what did you say swing from the
chandelier and drive you drive you guys
are being so good thank you for sitting
so quietly I threatened them with my
ladies chairs
let me go
Oh was he wondering if this is the only
thing we forget you nuts bug good reel
up on two 15s in the three ladders
we are celebrating today John I have
accomplished a personal goal and we are
very excited and I wish Olivia was here
but we're just going to enjoy the boys
and we're going to have our hamburgers
and my drones I don't remember where I
learned this or where I heard it but I
said it to you and it you thought it was
so funny
so when you look at peanuts it looks
like a guy in a tub they're mountain
which is low heaven if there's a little
guy in the bathtub
today's fries are brought to you by st.
Anthony's Idaho C and E farms my mom was
born and raised in Idaho I choose horn
and Paul raised in
burly I think I don't know anyway pretty
woman the song goes John just now that's
not always reminds me of my grandma
because he had one big juicy one and I
was like I bet he won't notice if I eat
it so sorry I thought it was mine cuz I
paid for it
who paid for it well I guess you're
right but what dad's is mine Julia
Roberts played in
woman and my grandma one time told me
that I look like Julia Roberts oh and
even though I know I don't really look
like Julia Roberts in my mind I just
pretend like I do and Julie Robert is
one of my favorite actresses I think
she's beautiful and maybe I only think
she's beautiful because I think in my
grandma and I think alike I don't know
I'm really emotional today I thought of
Dumb and Dumber when the song yeah what
does this remind you of yourself Dumb
and Dumber I serve seems like swinging a
minute on us like crush my heart and
with me right now I had no intentions of
like hurting Barney's feelings no like
dumb and dumber although I do love Jim
Carrey you love Jim Carrey get you work
then oh good job yeah um almost we still
have a little bit of work to do okay
the quality may appear different halfway
through this video because this little
guy if I see you a stock for this no
yeah that's not very straight someone
drop the camera Sam's Club it was one of
the kids um mm-hmm
it's probably already broken I just one
of the kids drop the camera and we have
to send it in to get fixed
so overhead that's exciting holidays
gonna be bad for a little bit we're all
sitting here in the kitchen waiting wait
is that what's going you yeah we're all
in here waiting for dinner because we're
all starving I have shepherd's pie in
the oven and very abruptly we needed to
have a family what would you call it
council meeting lecture and what did we
talk about in our little like it was
kind of mean Boston when mom calls your
name I say Boston if my how loud do you
say it yes my you yeah if I call your
name you yell yes mom so I know that you
hear me right
can you try it with me Olivia what else
did we talk about when you asked for a
piece of government dad says not right
now what do we do
wait go ask mom or if mom says really
don't talk that's right mom says no you
don't ask dad and dad says no you don't
ask one hmm
and if you're told no for gum what do
you say okay okay
hey Cody and Cody good did your parents
do this when you were a kid though it
was probably when you're big a bit older
but like I'd ask my mom for something
and she'd go ask your father so you go
ask dad that'd say glass your mom my mom
said to come ask you um sometimes
neither of them were sure which yeah I
mean what the other one would say they
were probably like they know what I do I
say yes when mama asks you to do
something do you do it with a sad look
on your face like I don't want to do it
no please dad this week I do it and you
do it quickly
right look around you gotta hold the
gloves you're all the way back maybe
yeah sometimes feel like I'm dragging
today
yep
this is how I feel what I'm going to
work every day well don't do it with the
wine on your face sometimes you just yet
you had enough you can only talk nice
for so long and I pretty much have it
well you guys thank you so much for
watching our video
I think our shepherd's pie is almost
done
Joel has been requesting shepherd's pie
haven't you who eat shepherd's pie I
love it I don't remember having it I
don't really want me or make it all the
time yeah horn I think I called like
shepherd's pie or poor man's dinner or
whatever something I love it thanks for
watching you guys see you later
