all right my little snow babies do you
promise that you will be safe as you go
skiing today yeah promise and Boston do
you promise that you will try your
hardest to be a tough boy and not cry
like a baby okay promise that you'll try
your best
you will fall but you got to be tough
you will not fall off your head do you
promise to be patient you guys are gonna
have so much fun then he's going to be
disgusted yeah and I don't like what's
going on Olivia
Cody bus and you look so handsome in
your snow okay
Boston you ready hey you got your pass
on good job bud
do not forget gloves that's the one
thing we cannot forget today his gloves
because once you forget gloves you Sol
means you are so out of luck you down
fiddling with that thing we came here to
ski not play with our passes
like a family moment go gettin don't get
you family moment
well he's excited to be here and that's
all that matters I guess um hey that
looks like terrible skiing to me guys
let's go okay I prefer to watch you
struggle yeah this is what skiing looks
like for parents it's a whole lot of fun
actually I've been really excited to get
Boston up here and try I'm nervous he's
not going to show the same patience and
desire that Cody Olivia showed and
really try to learn but I'm happy he's
up here and out here I don't know but
that's not skiing let's go look look at
you Olivia you're already ready get up
there dolly Boston wait oh that is a
good-looking piece of pizza you got with
those skis and I know you're trying hard
this is hard huh it's hard work yeah
guess what it's hard for dad to it's
really hard for dad to do this you're
doing a great job and I want you to keep
with it Kay you keep with it okay
french fries baby let's see those french
fries right now guys french fries okay
hard pizza hardest pizza you got hardest
pizza you got keep your not pizza yet go
pizza hard pizza that's kind of a funky
pizza that's the split I'm gonna give
him a little bit of smaller set of skis
I think you'll be able to move them
around a little better and they'll feel
a little more free and the skis instead
of like fixed to the hill I think that's
how Cody picked it up a little bit
better to Boston those are little of
skis in the world
are you having fun do you want to just
go get something to eat yeah yeah we're
gonna earn it though okay you show me
you can ski and you'll get the best
chili cheese fries ever hey you picked
it up just like riding a bike on you
just go right to it huh that's good mr.
Boston wait Oh scuse me scuse me sir
all right I would like to get past you
Gary tell that uncle Jarrod's over there
teaching Jackson how to ski I'm teaching
Boston how to ski Cody's up there ski
and somewhere by himself he did good but
he's doing just like you okay show me
how fast you go skiing is not about
having fun or a good time it's about
getting work done come on this will ski
straight
you ready
well the Olympics are coming up in
Winter Olympics they might be featuring
Boston wait bowling and the down hill
pizza run food french fries baby french
fries french fries french fries french
fries pizza right now whoop I'm so proud
of you
I'm so proud of you keep going keep
going keep going
get going a little further a little
further a little further a little
further a little further
Pizza Pizza City that Pizza I didn't
think he was gonna put the effort in I
really just didn't and I kept pushing
him and pushing him and I thought I was
gonna be a little bit of a fight but he
didn't fight me he was just getting a
little bit discouraged himself and he
picked it up well now he's going
backwards Wow but you're just skipping
all the steps hey but there was an aqua
pizza I don't know what the heck you're
doing there
I share the stage with all the best um
sir excuse me sir excuse me sir sir if
you could stand on this maybe appreciate
it but sir
sir there's no sitting on the magic
carpet it's just a magic carpet ride but
there's no sitting on it I know this
magic carpet can show you the world it
can take you wonder by wonder but
there's no sitting on the magic carpet
no Jimmy either heathens I'm very
positive that the only reason kids come
skiing so they can get some food a
little bit later yeah Jimmy cheese fries
they were all out of chili today so we
just had cheese fries with fry sauce and
some Oreos deep fried Oreos
but you look like you're wounded on the
battlefield or something way you're
crawling around hey you got up on your
own good job keep going keep going
that's the hardest part right there
look follow the turns everybody's making
follow them follow him follow him ok now
turn start turning start turning
straighten them out straighten them out
straighten them out buddy
turn turn turn turn turn turn turn whoa
whoa-oh 360 Wow that was that's a little
wild well for our final of you today the
kids are gonna ski through the cones all
right you two ski through the cones
follow each other no it's not you make
it look so hard for a half day of ski
and that wasn't too bad was it what was
your favorite part Olivia
eating the cheese fries what was your
favorite part coat the deep-fried Oreos
boss what was your favorite part
skiing oh hey everybody
pick up your skis and let's go put them
away here's a crap show you're not
moving so good sweetie
backwards Boston let's go you're gonna
eat snow so bad how's that taste it is
very much richer all that when we come
down from skiing we stop and get a treat
and Boston wait oh did the best job I've
ever seen skiing today going through all
of the cones
did you go through all the cones he gets
the did you cry so did you end up skiing
down a mountain hike up to it and get up
and she was like look dad oh yeah I told
Joel I said before you start skiing it's
very crucial that you get a picture of
each of the kids for me is there snow
gear I did hear that you helped our
friend Eva yeah there was a little girl
that she was skiing down the mountain
with Joel was telling me that had her
goggles fogged and she was crying and
you've stopped and helped her get her
goggles situated you know it's pretty
sweet of you me and Lincoln spent the
entire day over at Ellie's and you know
what we did we did nothing me and Ellie
sat on a couch and we watched Calvin and
Lincoln run around like crazy it was the
cutest thing and we didn't record
because Calvin's potty training so he
wasn't dressed and so we just enjoyed
the entire day it was so fun they took a
bath together they watched the good
dinosaur together we played games
together it was a good good day on
like the best day ever tell me what the
monkey says and what does the turtle say
yeah turtle really doesn't say anything
he just kind of sticks his tongue out
was the cow say
what does the bird stay what does the
Cutie stay
what does the doggy say oh I don't know
what does a monkey say oh hey what movie
did we watch today we've got a good
movie or was it sad who died in the good
dinosaur hey guys yeah the daddy one huh
you read all the ball what am I saying
all the blocks I've disabled uns and put
them in here for mum job hey go get some
more all of them Wow what color is it
purple that is a purple one what does a
monkey say the green says green hey is
that what color the dinosaur is what
color are those all right no what color
are they Arlo no well as you can see we
have many more minutes of giving these
blocks put away so we're going to say
good night to everybody
oh no we're not getting it out Lincoln
can you say good night to everybody good
night everybody you get your box cleaned
up okay and he has been an awesome
Saturday for all of us if you guys
enjoyed this video make sure to give it
a great big thumbs up and we'll see you
in our next video bye guys I've been to
the top of Mount Everest I sail the
seven seas I've shared the stage with
all the best a lot of good it did for me
I walk to all of China till my feet
