hey guys I want to sit down and do my
makeup today and I don't necessarily
want to do a tutorial I just want to sit
down and do my makeup I was watching a
makeup video and I think it was like 30
minutes long and I was like who would
sit through a 30 minute video and Joel
is at work the kids were in bed I
grabbed a snack and I watched and I was
totally entertained and I wasn't
watching to get like makeup points or
tips I just wanted to have something to
watch and so I thought I'm just going to
sit down I'm gonna do my makeup and I'm
not gonna edit out a whole lot so I'm
just going to get started and just
because I feel like it's like something
for you guys to watch I don't know no
hopefully you like it so I'm going to
start with my Smashbox photo finish
primer oil this is Ely's I'm literally
doing like the tiniest little amount
like half a drop like a quarter of a
drop um this is just it's a primer oil
and I learned the hard way that you do
not mix this in with your foundation um
Ellie used it once I think and she
rubbed it in with her foundation I
thought well that's a good idea I'm
gonna try that and it taught it just
separates it doesn't blend well it's
really hard to find a goober light
foundation even the porcelain colors and
the lightest shades in most lines
they're too yellow for me or they're too
pink for me it's just so hard to find
just the right neutral shade so
something that when I went to Sephora
she gave me a sample of the math velvet
number 15 so this is really really light
and when I first put it on you're gonna
think yeah that's crazy and yes it is
crazy because it's really really light
most foundations are going to oxidize
when they get on your skin which means
they're going to light they're going to
turn a little darker sometimes they
oxidize to an orange color and that's
honestly just depending on your skin so
I'm going to apply this and it's going
to look really really white and that's
because I'm putting it on
skin and because it hasn't had a chance
to oxidize yet once it sits on your skin
and once we get our contour on it's
going to look a lot better it is the
most insane thing what pregnancy nursing
I mean my hair is finally starting to
grow back in which is really nice but I
just it's just amazing what your skin
does it just it's literally just
throwing a fit plus I'm trying new
skincare products like I'm just really
trying to take care of my skin but I
feel like it's just getting worse it's
just so much more dry look at me this is
insane I know it this looks scary but I
promise here when my makeup is finished
it will look better and this is all I've
learned this through trial and error
I have tried foundations that are light
and I think they look good and then once
it has a chance to sit on my skin I look
orange or I look really pink or I look
very yellow and it's just when the
foundation sits for a while it just does
funny things on my skin so you really
just have to try different things and
you just have to figure out what's going
to work for you even though looking in
the viewfinder I can see that my makeup
or that now my face matches my neck a
little bit better um I like that
whenever I'm picking a foundation I pick
it to match my neck in my chest I don't
care what color my face is because I'm
not matching my face I am matching it to
my body and my neck and my chest the
concealer that I always go to is the
studio finish concealer this is nw15
it's the lightest one they have I just
stick my finger right on in there and I
dot up underneath my I guess I should be
a little more quiet I love sitting in
the kitchen and to do my makeup
right now I'm sitting in my kitchen and
I'm facing my window that looks out over
my backyard and I can see all three of
my kids
Olivia Cody and Boston are also
on the swing set right now they actually
looks so cute out there I got on a juice
box and I got him a bag full of crackers
and snacks and M&Ms and I told him I
said I'm gonna record a video and if you
promise to be good we'll go to Jackson's
when we're done and we're like okay I
have the gates closed and so they're not
going anywhere
I like sitting here doing this because
the kids are outside playing they even
did this in the winter when it was like
snowing outside they would go outside
and play um
Lincoln is down he's taking a nap I like
to dot a little bit of foundation on my
chin because my chin tends to that's
where my makeup rubs off so I like to
put just a little bit on my chin I love
the Smashbox contour Stix
um I actually love these a ton but one
find a little more convenient and a
little more a little more faster hmm and
what is a little faster for me to do is
the this is the M me and Ellie say these
differently I say and Stassi of Beverly
Hills and she says Anastasia
I don't think matters how you say it so
I like this palette because the lights
are really really light so if I wanted
to go in and even highlight more where I
have my concealer I can do that and I
just like to take this short haired
brush this is a morphe m4 36 I like the
middle shade I feel like these are very
good for pale skin this they have a few
different palettes and this is fair and
the lights are very very light anyway I
just take the brush find my cheekbones
come under here and do just a little
contouring and contouring and
highlighting is becoming such a popular
thing like just it's becoming more and
more people's everyday makeup instead of
just their sorry and what I notice is
that you can see such harsh lines on
people if you're going to do this
I'm totally guilty when I first started
doing this it wasn't the prettiest like
it was not the prettiest thing in the
world and I would see pictures of myself
and I would be totally embarrassed you
have to remember to blend and when
you're finished this is the brush I used
to put my foundation on I use a flat
kabuki f80 this is a morphe brush I like
to go back under crisp up the line and
then just make sure there's no harsh
line where it ends
if you're going to do it you have to
really blend it I like to take the
contour color and come up here just in
my hairline and honestly I'm not really
contouring my face to change the shape
like that's not what I personally put
these contour colors in it's mostly
because I use such a pale shade of
foundation that I don't want to look
like a ghost you should see these kids
outside they're being social and I'm
just praying that Lincoln sleeps Wallace
so long enough that I can get this
tutorial finished so I've done around my
face right here and I don't always do my
nose but sometimes I do and I just go
down the sides and I'm not too too
precise I have a and this is the hoola
benefit bronzing powder and I also use
the sculpting powder this is sculpt by
Mac I'm using the mac 135 brush I'm just
going to go over that contour just a
little bit then I go up on my cheek
because I like to use it not as a blush
but a little bit I blend the two
together
I guess yes you could say that I am
using this as a blush but I also going
with blush too yes I am aware the number
a lot of makeup always have and I
probably always will I don't know why I
just do I like it like I just like
putting on makeup I like seeing the
difference I think it's fun but I also
love being barefaced - it's either 113
118 not really sure I'm going to take
this brush and I'm going to dip it in
the Laura Mercier translucent powder um
I've never baked before but this is what
baking is so I like my line underneath
my contour to be a little bit crisp and
yes this is all from jacqueline he'll
love that woman and I go for my ear down
and I round it up to my mouth so I come
straight down and then round up with the
powder baking just means that you're
putting a whole bunch of powder on your
face and you're letting it sit and it
just becomes more intense the longer it
sits there there's still a whole bunch
of powder left on my brush and first I'm
going to make sure that my concealer
didn't crease under my eyes because it
creases in a matter of minutes so I just
make sure there's no creasing and then
I'm just going to go over with
whatever's left in my brush and I'm
going I'm not going to bake under my
eyes I'm way too dry to do that that
would be disgusting and scary and if I
did that underneath my eyes like my skin
just doesn't allow me to do that so I'm
just going to powder under my eyes go on
the tip of my nose really quick and on
my chin while I let that sit I'm going
to do my eyebrows I have not been doing
a lot of eyeshadow lately in fact I
haven't been wearing very much eyeshadow
at all and because I just don't really
have time and right now it's more
important for me like I just feel like I
want my face to look really smooth
versus taking time and doing my
eyeshadow have a video
of me filling in my eyebrows and it's
not the best but when I look back at my
other makeup videos they're not the best
um but they show you how and what I do
once I fill in my eyebrow you guys
please please take your spoolie and comb
out the front of your brow I don't care
how harsh the back part is like the tail
of your brow but this front part if you
don't comb through that and lighten it
up it looks so harsh
it looks so harsh on your face and I
think that's the number one thing that
girls tend to do when they do that
eyebrows is to have this really harsh
box in the front and it just excuse me
along with all the other postpartum
stuff that just comes with having a baby
my eyebrows are falling out I have no
eyebrows to begin with and my eyebrows
are falling out now that my brows are on
I'm going to set them with the clear
brow gel from anastasia beverly hills i
did go in and put concealer
oh sorry i'm like looking right down I
did put concealer underneath my eyebrows
but I just could not do that while I was
talking so it is if you're interested in
my eyebrow video I think this powder has
set long enough so you just take your
brush and you blend it away and I like
to blend right up in here just to make
sure there's no harsh lines there you
have it stay with this side for blush I
want to do pink because I want to do
pink lipstick and I'm just going to take
a few different Pink's I have one from
makeup geek
it's called spellbound I have one from
Mirabella it's more of like a
highlighter it's called shimmer rose and
I'm just going to mix all of these
together this is how I've done my makeup
a lot lately and these are the colors
that I use I've had a few questions I
a handful of questions on what lipstick
I used and it is let me find it it is an
urban decay color and it's called turn
on like to take a pastel pink by
Anastacio and it's their lip glosses her
lip glosses are amazing and I like to
just put it in the center of my lip to
lighten up the lipstick because it is
pretty tart and I just blot my lips
together blend it together with my
fingertip and that lightens it up just a
little bit I've never really had a
favorite mascara but when I have been
using a lot lately that I feel like is
my favorite mascara right now is the
telescopic L'Oreal mascara and I usually
only put mascara on my top eyelashes I
don't know what it is I don't love the
way I look with mascara on my bottom
eyelashes I don't know why maybe I look
better that way baby I'm just not used
to it but I generally will only apply
mascara to my top eyelashes last and
final step I'm going to take mary lou
manizer by the balm and a Mac 188 brush
and I'm going to take the highlighter
and I'm going to highlight the tops of
my cheekbones and I put most of the
product high up on my cheek like this
and then I come down when there's not as
much product and I do it on the apples
of my cheek I load up the highlighter on
the inner corner of my eye and I like
doing this especially when I don't wear
eyeshadow because it just kind of adds a
little song song just a little to the
tip of my nose and a very very straight
small line at the center of my nose just
like that and I'm done that's my makeup
um I don't have time to do all of these
steps all of the time so I just do what
I have time for give this video a thumbs
up so I feel encouraged to continue
doing makeup videos because I'm not
really sure if the
is exactly what people want to see so
make sure you give it a thumbs up and
I'll see oh I just hit the table sorry
about that ship the table shook the
camera have a good weekend everybody and
we'll see you in my next video bye
