good morning you guys we are sitting
outside it's a beautiful day would you
shut yourself no um Lincoln and fosston
are downstairs
no more suppressors they're taking naps
and you want to learn to ride your bike
don't you obvious Olivia but when I
write I have to get a bigger but if you
can learn how to ride a bike we'll get
you a big boy bike yeah and Joel went
into town and bought a little some some
oh yeah me stores going out of business
so yeah I mean every summer we need a
little pop-up canopy Hannah look don't
ask me why I like wind that unlikely
need a canopy wait that looks kind of
cool
wait cool see well he texts me
Joel text me and he's like hey I got us
something in my mind I was like did you
did you book us a cruise yeah I just
stepped on you sorry
look mr. cruise Oh another canopy all
right Cody let's show you let's show
everyone what you're made of okay you
smell that
what Oh shoulders they smell so good
I'm making lunch for my work associates
we're making pork carnitas so we got a
couple of pork shoulders cookin I'm
dying smells so yummy so yummy so yummy
you look yummy you look cute hey no oh
yeah plus I was gonna say maybe this
seat needs to go down just a little bit
I'm a ho lean but that for Olivia when
she was how old was she when she was 4 3
no she was 4 pretty young yep she was
four turning five cuz she yep that was
her kindergarten bike let's go out on
the sidewalk but so we don't bump the
cars go crazy I mean it's not like it's
gonna do anything to your car Hey
break ranks Tang Jia how many times this
thing has been wrecked and totaled many
like salvage title is not even the word
frankenstein-like piece together title
all right big boy whoa
you make me nervous you gotta fell fast
I already know that I'm going to be the
most annoying person in this video
because I'm going to ruin the footage by
screaming laughing mother that all fell
you can never stop I know it's windy
sorry guys we have to pump up your tire
thank you I think it's squat eNOS the
cherry can help it you look so cute it's
like it surprises me that he can't ride
a bike we never did this with Olivia we
never came outside and helped to ride a
bike she just I look out the window
 papa he ever got three um anyway
and Olivia came cruising down the street
like all over the place on his
neighbor's bike without training wheels
she's like look dad when she came home
she came home and like yelled at JA she
was like I need my training wheels off
my bike
kick him off tick off she just took off
hey but without the basket or without
the basket okay you got pedal hard drink
all this bike means so much to me it's
real pump up seeing my baby girl I
didn't mean me how to blow bubble I just
didn't you show me you do it he has been
practicing and practicing doing bubbles
haven't you it's pretty
but that one was like a baby one
compared to the ones you've done you
know how to do a big one don't check Oh
keep it that Quito is gonna yeah okay
get red in your bike
know what you're doing any tree go pump
up that tire bud let's go pump it full
an arrow K fill it full air back help
him right and get the feet on the pedals
come on
oh my gosh that was funny oh my gosh
oh the funny do be for this tree in last
year or two years ago two years ago so
has that been sitting in there for two
years
last year's dream well and I don't know
if you should just rip it out like I
feel like you're gonna damage the tree
if yet well I just want at least untie
it yeah the best we can
that makes me scared if oh it's like it
makes me sad like trees are expensive
and trees are like precious it's like
the time you it takes for them to grow I
cannot believe it grew that fast that
grew straight into it did you I take the
bottom one off oh that one came off
really well
yikes we'll put another strap around it
but it'll be covered like that I may not
be able to landscape but I do know how
to cut hair and cutting this bush is
exactly like cutting hair okay here's
the before and here is my after now
something that is so hard for stylists
stylists to get is just a trim when Joel
trims these bushes he buzzes them and
when I cut them I just do a little trim
not everybody wants
a whole new haircut going into the salon
they just want to trim how many times
have you gone to the salon and say I
just want a tiny trim and they take off
too much he always takes too much off
the bushes you know what's the real
problem is these bushes just complain
about their haircuts 24/7 ridiculous the
attitude these bushes have grateful for
the haircut they get your Chi getting
you don't forfeit speaking of going to
the salon I went and got my nails done
today you want to serve me once I did
that with those things I think that
saying I want to serve you as a very
tricky way of getting me to say sure you
can cut anything you want with these
Clippers come here I'll tell you what to
cut I'm here I want you to cut this
right here not my fine goes thank epatha
it I want you to cut these down the
button all underneath my fingers yep and
this one and how about this one over
here whoo
you're scaring me just the very bottom
of this one just the very bottom like
that perfect okay come over and do this
one one sure that's fine and all of
these here if not lower lower lower
lower yep good job for you are serving
me so well you love those you serve here
clip it looks pretty dang good code oh
let's go on this side here let's do this
one just a little more oh that's a
little higher than I probably would have
wanted but okay come over on this side
you got to clean up the ones that are on
the floor everything you just cut let's
go get in the garbage can
what is this like the most valuable
blanket in the world I'll tell you a
story guys Bonnie made me this blanket
when I was a missionary out on my own
and I got it in the mail and I remember
it even smelled like your perfume I did
spray with my perfume right well when we
were remodeling we needed a buffer for
something so we weren't damaging the tub
what not so Bonnie shellfish I did not I
did not you grab that blanket
you grabbed that blanket that's neither
here nor there but he grabbed it it's
got pretty dirty very dirty it's it's
hammered it's it's it feels it feels
disgusting I would never wanna put it in
the garbage and today when I was taking
the garbage out I happen to find it that
was a big bottom of the garbage but
under like diapers unban small jar it's
about what it was and no no no wait a
minute it was at the bottom of the
little garbage can in the basement but
when you flip it over and dump it in the
big garbage can it's on top it's how you
look at things bond cups half full
you're as bad as Olivia Jo's mom threw
up a blanket
he dug it out of the garbage and it's in
the back of his car good car boy
either way this blanket is not going
anywhere I will wash it I will take it
to a laundromat myself and wash it it
can go on my car for all I care this
doesn't leave my this is not it not to
go in the back of your car that he's
like Oh make you knew it yeah that's not
gonna happen and it's not the same this
one came to me on a mission that goes in
the back of your car I want to know I
want to this is a question for everybody
do you value your sentimental things
more than you allow your spouse to so
for instance funny has a lot of little
things that all these are mine and we
got to keep them we have a headboard we
have a headboard that is never going in
came from zc Alli and as akela you see
my sticker on it you can keep the
sticker
I'll cut the piece out but I do not
throw away things that are meaty
that blink you will throw away
everything of mine but how about I take
a nice picture of you in it right now it
matches your hat and then will toss it
your
mind but Bonnie I asked her when are we
gonna use this head where she's all let
me have grandchildren grandchildren I'm
gonna have a little room that has my
little desk my little bed oh you're not
yes I am yes I am
you are gonna decorate it the way you
want it and you're gonna be like this
doesn't work with anything I had so
we're just gonna store it I cannot
believe you dug this out of the garbage
can it was on I look at that little tree
look at everything with its little
haircuts I feel like you're changing the
sudden everything looks so like snice
look how cute that is
oh good to cut my flowerbeds back you
know cuz that this nice I'm here
salvaging blankets making flour there
come here are you not listening okay no
more getting into dad's gun is crazy
cool you have a spicy kind yeah did you
like it you want to drink a milk are you
gonna stay out of dad's gun put it in
the hand like that just put down this
Punk should be like he'll be down oh did
she just on the 4th house off is that
why did she do she trying to teach your
help calm pepper is and pepper going
crazy
pickles Sebastian pepper you crazy girl
ha ha ha it feels like oh I was
surprised Olivia didn't react a little
more than she did actually
he like goes out of the screen do again
one more time up in the air yeah we just
got done having Papa Murphy's take a
bake at Jeff's house we're gonna just
relax the resting and have some I saw
that and Tiffany made brownie so I'm
pretty excited yeah yeah Olivia is
making a ship huh yep very happy about
it so we are gonna leave you guys and
say good night
bye guys
