your favorite thing is that stinking wet
white bag but he hasn't rolling all over
the place
he has been rolling all over the place
he was laying in bed with me this
morning and every time I looked over at
it he had the blankets his face and he
was just laying there like I couldn't
see his face
hey it was so funny like I everytime I
saw I like busted out laughing it was so
funny
you little
captain stinkers I don't know where all
the suds came from in the bathtub but
they are full of suds I want you to roll
over come on come on yes oh wow you're
working on them muscles there we go
here here dear
yes so he is coming to life he is just
coming to life what do you think in head
what are you thinking you love that bag
he likes to play with it oh he's a happy
guy he is a happy guy and he loves his
mama this boy loves me you love me don't
you
oh I love you too you gonna roll over
again or wet honey that was with some
ambition wasn't it that was with someone
mission
see he's just run around playing having
some fun this is this baby's favorite
position he likes to be up if you likes
me kissing him ah can you hear him
sounds like a pug dog I can hear that
all day that's like the sounds that I
need to hear when I I want to take a nap
just here what are you looking at oh
he's getting tired
he has my hair
he has my eye you're mean not sure you
see all the hair in his fist not cool
baby not cool not cool baby
you see hey do you see how happy he is
like it's nap time he woke up extra
early today so it's a prisoner we get to
wrap them and bath time is over
show me your boss face let me see your
stash
what we have been up to all morning I
called the gym because I'm like I'm
going to the gym and I called and their
baby
sitting area is full oh I couldn't go
this morning I was I was so mad because
I was ready I was like I'm gonna go to
the body pump class I'm like all excited
anyway I'm I'm very very much enjoying
what we are doing right now well for the
past hour so I laid Lincoln down for his
nap and we have been watching vlogs for
an hour but I've been sitting here on
Pinterest while the kids watch the vlogs
well I'm watching too but but I want
I've been picking out a color for my
kitchen wall or not my kitchen walls but
well yeah kitchen I guess too but like
my upstairs wall I don't know if this is
very clear but this is the color I want
just super super super light it's like a
blue grey green color that's too these
rooms are too dark and but this is like
what I want my kitchen to look like
we're gonna have dark hardwood floors
white cabinets oh my god this is my and
this is the color hardwood floor Emma
you little crazy boy I am trying to get
my vision across to them anyway this and
of course Pinterest is amazing yeah this
is what I want that cherry bang yes they
have cotton candy but this picture is
exactly what I want like white cabinets
dark floors stainless steel farm sink
that's it that's what I'm doing I'm kind
of glad that the gym was full today yeah
I've just been hanging out I like you
that's the Boston face okay for the
don't you do the best Boston face you
can
we're eating jellybeans well I'm not I'm
trying not to I mean if I'm not gonna go
to the gym I can't like suck my facebook
jellybeans just fun oh is it a black one
yeah thank you gave me the best one
Boston is showing so much improvement
from last year or even just through the
winter because in the fall he would not
go down that slide all they're doing a
train yep last year he would not go down
that slide and he is obviously having no
problems right now I will leave you I
believe you whenever I got that from
hold onto me he wants you to slide so he
can throw it at you
go down
do it go it's so funny this is Boston's
idea of a game go down the slide and
then I'm gonna throw a ball at you I
kind of love it I mean not enough that I
want to go play it with them or anything
but we'll see how this pans out let me
see your face you got come here you got
hit right square in the face I kind of
assumed something like that is gonna
happen I knew I knew we were playing
with fire your face is nice and red but
you seem to be you doing okay my and you
seem to be doing just great let's come
in and go potty so you don't pee in your
pants yes I know I know that you will so
who farted it wasn't me I often enjoy a
game of duck duck goose with just two
players say goose
they're just being the biggest little
stinks out there but they are finally
not cooped up in the house so I don't
even care that they're throwing snow all
over the window I'll just clean it later
I'm glad they're just being boys I guess
we have our cabinet guy here and he's
measuring our kitchen and they are
getting us drafts of what our new
kitchen is going to look like and I'm
pretty much dying I'm very very very
excited
while he's measuring I've got the kids
outside and they have all gathered right
down the street they are all just down
there hanging out I can see Boston on
this four-wheeler I'm sure that mom is
like giving them treats or something but
that shows me that it's summer it's
summer the kids are outside Suns going
down it's not that cold that makes me so
happy makes me so happy they're just out
there playing now that is true love we
have a little bit of a dilemma over here
Maureen today has been all over the
place I took a nap Joel was kind enough
to let me take a nap today and I feel
like I woke up to chaos and I feel like
it was a little hard to recover from do
you think yeah the guy did a really good
job when he came and was just kind of
like helping us figure out what we're
gonna do with our kitchen does it make
you feel nervous Joel no it makes me
feel a lot better
really yes sorry oops okay um they're
doing homework and she's are you doing
okay Olivia she does a lot better with
the camera on for some reason on
Olivia hey I want to say hi to miss
Olivia first you doing okay
yeah my smile can I just have a big big
smile there we go let me see that bottom
one key yes yes I've seen it here are
your top ones to the top ones coming in
like it's gonna come out
it is it starting to is it oh no no that
was not your permanent e-vote permanent
but when mom and dad will their teeth
then you get crowns we are going to
close the vlog thank you guys so much
for watching and we'll see you in our
next video bye guys
