welcome everybody to manly things
segment - I've got my trusty sidekick
here Olivia what are we doing come back
to the store oh yeah we gotta exchange
Cody's nerf gun but more importantly my
- two of my best friends in high school
just had their first baby and so yeah
what's more manly than getting your
buddies a care package they live they
don't live up in Logan with us one lives
out of state in Arizona and so we're
gonna send them some packages and put
together some baby stuff and who else
who else knows more about babies than
mom yeah I shouldn't lucky you got your
list okay what do we need oh I just
needed like there is an IV there's a
knife yeah we got to get him something
so maybe some gift cards or something
like that for Olive Garden okay let's go
bubs oh this is like the most important
item in the see item you never have
enough of is obviously diapers got a
little bit bigger size so they can grow
into him there's a 4-foot Boston Boston
where's a 5 he's ginormous oh ok what
else can we get Olivia oh yeah a blanket
well guess what we have blankets there's
swaddle blankets that my mom makes it's
the same one that we gave Bree and it's
one that all of our kids can swallow
no we got some boy ones - no the girl
ones are in my car but we have some boy
ones at home - oh wow yeah see she's
very very intuitive we got some diapers
some wipes what's this stuff um
she's for the bum-bum paste what's this
stuff um if they get sick that's when
they're a little bit bigger that's good
for when they get sitcom Pedialyte when
they get a little bit bigger
not quite Lincoln first one three four
four yeah we are not done yet we got to
go find some other stuff though do you
like going out with that how come
huh what do you get when we're done gum
gum that's I I think I've spent probably
$25 in gum I don't know I have like like
hubba bubba bubblicious the big chunks
again I like that gum right now for some
reason and I put it in my car and every
time I come out of my car
the kids are rating it and Olivia really
wanted a piece so I got her a piece but
when we're done huh the boys get into
the gum oh you think it's just the boys
yes I never never get into the gum okay
apparently it's just just the boys
Olivia and I just got back from the
store for our manly things outing for
our packages that I'm sending my best
friends from high school what do we get
Olivia show us all we got yeah what else
wipes
what else is that lotion that's the
bedtime lotion huh okay what else these
are for the mom and dad mom and dad need
to go on a date so we're gonna send them
something fun one of the things bonnie
nice we loved getting like wedding baby
anything pretty much is gift cards and
funny story right after we had Cody
it was Cody we went to all of garden and
we were gonna get dinner with our
newborn for the first time and the
waiter accidentally spilled water and a
little bit of it got on Cody
so they comped our whole meal free we
didn't even have to use a gift card it
was great but we got some baby tylenol
for the infants some Pedialyte packets
and some but paste you always need that
and of course my mom's swaddle blankets
and burp rags that she makes and I
really think my I really helped my
buddies like this this was fun for me
because having kids is little changed my
life completely and I wouldn't go back
any other way and I just wanted to
tell them congratulations and to just I
don't know give them a good start to
their to their new journey huh what were
you just doing it comes up say thanks
for watching man like thanks for
watching many things that's right
see you guys
