good morning you guys I'm here in the
bathroom with Olivia here you go honey
hmm
and I'm getting her ready for school and
I can hear that Lincoln is in his crib
and he's awake and so I'm like let's
hurry and get your hair done before he
starts crying so we can get you ready
for school
thanks I had to go to school today me
and the boys are going to go to Target
with aunt Ellie and you know what I'm
going to look for a new workout outfit
for you
let's go workout that you know the one
that you wear to Zumba yeah are we going
to go to Zulu today um probably not
today maybe we're home in time actually
there is Zumba
today but I bet I'm gonna be tired holy
you go get some socks on right now and
read R and Noonan Olivia starting to not
love to wear bows because she plays her
recess it's just like I'm getting dirty
she doesn't like them um falling out and
stuff
and I'm pretty sure I was more emotional
about her not wanting to wear bows then
I will be when she like moves out of the
house and gets married
pretty sure out of the crib out of the
crib no no no no no no no no out of the
crib yes you have your minion hat and I
promised him he could bring it because
they threw a fit when I told him that he
couldn't bring it but are you gonna put
it on your head uh when can you put that
on when on the car ride home cuz I want
your hair fixed for today uh-huh
Oh burps ah good morning good morning
you cute baby boy hey
is he a baby minion hello baby minion
minion he probably doesn't like his face
covered though I think that I am all the
way ready and what her husband
tax their wives diaper bag for them
without even being asked I mean I'm sure
almost all husband's help pack a diaper
bag by in your nest and he didn't even
forget on anything
let's see you bought diapers for
everybody check this book out diapers
for both kids a bottle wipes and formula
and price Tim you know I like to put it
in there because the flow is so fast
thickens it up I have my extra lipstick
for the day I am going to take a kiss to
target and Joel hey what no no
sleepovers will be home will be home but
you'll be at work yeah yeah I know yeah
I don't want to go to Target either I
mean not my favorite store to go to I
have one thing to show you guys before
we go yesterday John I went and picked
up my rocking chair so I'm sure you guys
if you don't remember the before this
used to be my mom's old rocking chair
and I had it reupholstered and if you
want to see that before I'll put the
video to the before down below and I'm
gonna set the mood for us does that work
ah so not I'm sure we don't have very
many more mornings with the fireplace
but my vision for this rocking chair oh
let me show you a little close-up it has
that kind of texture to it he said that
it's a rare not a rare but he said it's
a unique piece of leather from the East
Coast I don't know what that all means
but um it's different I had to get used
to it because it's it seems like so much
smaller
anyway when my mom had this rocking
chair she also had a brown couch and
when Joe and we got rid of it Joel was
so sad we were in high school he's like
that was the most comfortable couch ever
he was kind of sad but my mom used to
sit and
she used to rock all of us like this she
would put her foot on the edge of the
couch and rock us like this and there
there was it had worn a hole in the
couch right there cuz she just that's
worse what she did all the time anyway
and so my envision was to sit by the
fireplace and rock my kids right here
and that is exactly what I intend to do
get down here boy I'm gonna rock you
come here come here
oh don't act like you're shy you know
you want me to rock you he's my most
holiest boy Oh doesn't this feel good
rocking in front of the fireplace I'm
sure we'll be able to turn the fireplace
on a lot more because in the mornings
it's freezing here in Logan and that's
just how it is it'll be nothing honor
last night no and then it's hot during
the middle of day he wanted me to turn
the cold air on last night I'm like get
kill haunted look applauding you do get
hot cuz you play so hard don't you yeah
yeah and here comes the minion welcome
rock no all he wants to do a spin hey
true test out the spinning capabilities
of this new chair yeah all right that's
what I thought
get on there get on there
ready one dude dude it again dude it
again
yeah no way Jose
yeah yeah well that's your after that's
the after the chair I'm happy with it he
did a really really good job
hold my hand you guys come in okay the
cars waiting for us we'll cross the
street we made it to Target I am so
excited to go see what stuff they have
that everyone seems so happy kids do you
they did so good on the drive here yes
his did for her got like yelling and
laughing with each other
yes Boston and Jackson sat in the very
back in they were laughing the whole
time the two babies slept the whole time
and Cody sat in between the two babies
and made sure they had binky so we did
good to somebody I do not trust no no
definitely not I don't just one either
desi ha ha your cookie jar it might seem
crazy that we drove an hour to come to
Target but that's just what we do
because we don't have a target and we
love target and mom was telling me yeah
yeah well you take you an hour to get to
Target when we grow up it took a half
hour just to get to the grocery store
just to get to anything mm-hmm
40 minutes if you wanted to go like to
buy coffee mm-hmm
like we were telling you in our last
video what you can't push the table look
that's grandma's calendar Julie makes
these for my mom every year and they're
about oh it broke me off oh yeah
Julie Julie get mom in a cow
no fun
hey that's eighty kids are outside
playing lunch is just finishing up it
was phenomenal and our conversation over
lunch is this our book this book it's
called we see the life-changing magic of
tidying up my mom is obsessed with it
right now I am and when I'm done with it
it's going to go on the shelf next to
Dave for him
yeah Oh three books that you're gonna
win like yes sir those are the three
books my mom is what was fine that's the
question which was forgetting the Bible
and clean she's so excited about this
book I think she got my sister really
hooked on it and I'm thinking I need it
as she's talking about this book I think
I need people yes it will this reason
why it resonates with me that I'll read
things in it and I'll say I've always
kind of known that I've always felt that
and that's why it's so easy and so fun
to read is because things I've already
thought yeah that makes sense by the
Dave Ramsey hmm big time you knew a big
we talking like yeah yeah big time I
need to read it I need to do it I do you
do and her friend Beverly's been doing
it too right right okay are you guys
being kids out here look it you got dirt
on your face and you got snot coming out
of your nose and your show ha ha ha
where did you get soaking wet
Oh where did you get soaking wet mister
uh oh where did you how did you get wet
oh the little pool has water in it well
now I'm gonna tell you don't you throw
those rocks out into the grass let me
see your guys's faces yeah it looks a
little dirty what you got on your hands
are you working out here are you working
out here
yep you can throw them right just at the
ground but don't you throw those out in
the grass okay kids being kids out here
huh yeah you have a stick that's a good
thing to play with and you're trying to
find yours if I like you in those gloves
I think you look really cute whoa what
did you call me Who am I Who am I hey at
mama
my aunt mama you're darn right I am he
just pointed to my camera he said mamas
I'm aunt Bonnie mommy
I am aunt Bonnie mommy I like that we
had a little bit of a crazy day in town
going to the last store right got a
little crazy there were kids running
around without clothes our kids were the
kids that were being like so crazy
Calvin had a scary little episode I'm
sure they're gonna talk about it on
Ellie's Channel but all in all the day
was super good the day was very fun I
enjoyed having lunch with my mom um I am
very excited to show you everything that
we got your D are you ready close my
eyes can you tell me when to open him
yes Olivia you ready she hasn't looked
us on the port cake
you can look at the floor you guys are
like hot down and come look at your
clothes I can't like be safe oh okay so
I'll show you okay
Lincoln you cannot take her clothes okay
so I knew Olivia was not gonna love this
one piece but I didn't care I'm gonna
make her wear it because I love it so
much do you think they'll - I'm
surprised you do I was gonna make you
wear it
liked it or not he was like this yes I
hate so I got her some overalls because
I know Joel said she was he wanted her
to have all girls this outfit right here
this all came from Target
the little nice shorts which I thought
were so cute and then Olivia's workout
outfit is getting a little snug and a
little worn out and so I got her you
like that is that too big oh okay
so I got her some workout pants and
workout top and a little jacket cuz it's
still a little cool and thought she
could use a little jacket I love that
that's a bracelet and a necklace I
thought you would like that too maybe
this prayer Lincoln because I thought
that was really really cute and then
just these two shirts for the boys I can
I didn't really see much that I liked
for the boys but we did go to Carter's
and I got a few things I liked from
Carter's this is a little onesie jammie
for Lincoln a onesie outfit for Lincoln
and then I got the boys this shirt and
you guys I just can't I can't buy
something for one and not the other
I'd love when they match I love when
they match obviously um so I got in this
shirt too and then these little shorts I
liked him because they had bugs on him
little ants and beetles and anyway but I
tried these on Boston and he goes these
are all your shorts the kind of a pink I
say they're more of like an orange II
red but that's what I got that's what I
got and I'm excited because everything
fits them Olivia do you like your stuff
yeah I knew you would I knew you would
like your stuff
show you yes okay let me go human
element you can be okay jiminy first and
boy different are these three I don't
know I have had a huge day so I am going
to close the vlog now so that we can
just get the kids situated Mayer may not
go to the gym I don't know but I just
want to say thank you guys for watching
thank you guys for supporting me and
we'll see you the next video bye guys
