leprechauns will pinch winking oh my
word I won't let him
don't let don't let the leprechauns
pinch my baby
I would never it's not baby it's your
baby he's dead yeah no that's not spit
up just it's your baby yeah yeah can I
see your lip look
let's see your house from last night
it's kind of an alley isn't it
I don't want here mm-hmm the worst one
last rule last night oh yes you know
what we ought to go show them did you
charge your over the last night yeah
actually I mean in there think it charge
well I bet if you run out there you
could charge it that way so so I can I
can take it out boys
now I will have everyone know look it
just man ah now there though is that
your little tool from your tool bag okay
that's right I will have everyone no
other way
yep that I did not even know what he was
doing I came outside his four-wheeler
was charging no one's taught him how did
you learn how I was just I just wanted
to try and see if I didn't I didn't well
how did you know what to do okay because
you've watched daddy do it so so many
times
good job but you did kind of cut your
finger a little bit yeah to be careful
because you don't want to lose the screw
that's on the seat so just put it down
maybe right here against the right here
mm-hmm
yeah whoo that's great
yes you can ride your bike it's kind of
hard isn't it hey Brad it is up that's
pretty dang good it's pretty cool code
leave it out here so you know so you
have a your tool to put the seat back on
when it's done charging mm-hmm mm-hmm
leave it right there by your seat so you
know right where it is I can reach all
right
that's been every day one that's where
dad leaves it you were just barely
learning how to ride that last year and
now you know how to take care of it and
guess who knows how to ride it this year
who knows how to write it this year
Boston it is a beautiful I don't think
see this but it is a beautiful Cache
Valley early spring day I am here I have
my brace off Bonnie don't get mad I'll
put it back on a promise I know I just
had to take it off for just a second
because I was bugging my suit beautiful
day here in Cache Valley
and I am supposed to be at work right
now but I was given some funeral leave
because a neighbor of mine they're
probably the oldest family friends that
I think that I was introduced to with my
parents and I think we grew up with
their family and they're just good good
friends the Buckley's family member
passed away and they've asked that me
and all my brothers be pallbearers which
is quite an honor I think just just such
a I don't know just just very kind of
them and it must it shows that they
thought somewhat highly of us but we
think very highly of the Buckley's and
so I am here at the park-and-ride
waiting for Jeffrey my older brother my
oldest brother had they're all older
than me I guess my oldest brother to
come and pick me up and we're going to
boogie down to the Ogden and visit and
go to the funeral and and see my
brothers and see some some friends and
family and really have a nice day his
best day I think he can't have with the
funeral
but I'm pretty excited to spend the day
with my brother I don't really get to
spend a lot of time with my brother's
one-on-one and I'm not pretty excited
I feel bad Bonnie's left at home with
the kids and then she's also taking care
of her cousin's dog and so she's got a
little bit of a little bit of a full
plate my face gets so when I work out I
don't know why I feel that you did good
today we don't a good okay my legs are
jet yellow showing your outfit because
basically I have the same one oh you
look so cute it's so can i and I have
the gray one I love it
you can show Mom how and I love the back
I gets a sports bra made in with it a
little funny
it's cute and your pants are cute you
look you I have to feel cute when you
work it out we have matching water
bottles yes 15 Jackson went ended up
crying normally he doesn't and Boston
threw a fit so hopefully they're a
little happier now I can see Lincoln
I can see Lincoln the funeral service
was wonderful I think it was kind of fun
seeing an old friend all of the kids we
grew up with having all me and my
brothers and my mom and the other
brothers had to get back to work and dad
up there but this is significant we are
at Jim's Burgers and I have this on my
wrist when I was a little boy I broke my
arm delivering newspapers mom you
remember remember yeah and what did you
say to me after I got in the car with my
broken arm okay I remember you say do
you think we got time to finish will you
be okay if we finished the papers my arm
was like moving five different
directions she's like I think we'll just
finish the papers first like no we can't
so we went got a neighbor and he came
and helped us out but we came here the
night I broke my wrist as soon as I got
out of the hospital we came here and
it's just kind of fun to spend the day
with my mom and dad and my older brother
and just just and my niece huh hi
sweetie
say hi look at those blue eyes goodness
sakes hi sweetheart
so we're gonna need some lunch and have
some fun and then it's back up to Bonnie
come here
can you put just one arm around me hold
on tight oh you guys my Cody just had an
accident new Tom what happened well he
was climbing in a pose at a rope swing
oh gosh man being so fast you were
spinning it was gonna fall off I mean I
fell off for my boom yeah if Charlie if
you can like stay on it yeah because arm
got like tangled up in the rope and so
it was like holding up
yeah it's is no stain on it and it was
gonna go on it robbed it like ripped the
skin down and stuff huh instant big old
yucky bruise and so the one thing that
could make my guy feel better what was
storing my soul so apparently he got
that from you me always go better no
that's not me um oh I know he's really
hurting and he's got pretty good hitting
he probably don't like that he was
crying hard he was crying sore and
always as he's got a crazy make my head
ache so we're gonna head into town and
see if we can find something to make him
feel better which I was already planning
on doing but the one time I've ever been
knocked out in my life was on a ride are
you ah master and I think James Bell was
there anyway I don't remember falling
out of it all I remember is coming out
of my house on my front porch Oh memory
everything going okay rope swings are
hard huh yeah thanks Jamie
no you do you're my good guy aren't you
okay hey ones blue and to see your
little ones or anything guys Joel thinks
it's a little ridiculous that I
suggested that we get him a cool dude I
got so much it just couldn't be don't
hate they gonna they don't know how good
they have it but when I broke my arm my
mom took me for dinner that was when I
had surgery my mom spoiled me and my mom
says you can't squirrel a kid in one day
if we did this every day we would be
spoiling them but we're not surgeries Oh
burn he got really hurt and you don't
think that's a boy that's not a bow and
arrow nerf gun honey yeah it's just a
big toe it is it is I like how he just
came over put it in the cart Sudbury's
poopers where's your binky there's
pinkie oh there we go oh yeah we got
here we go big guy big guy
please decline Cody is the sweetest
little boy I have ever known
he helps me he helps everyone he knows
yeah mom so I wanted to do something
nice for him because
got so so hurt you should have seen
those big tears how do you open it
uh-huh
here you meeting nasty people
well this one's kind of broke look see
how it's kind of cracked dadgum you can
wiggle a nerve gun yeah but I'm gonna be
careful with yeah we might be really
careful with that arms and you have good
ha ha ha ha
his Joel his voice is like raspy like
he's like little boys
ha are you getting one too but who are
you getting 1 2 again what's under this
box I may or may not need some
ammunition for mine you're you're too
spoiled and I don't want you to feel
spoiled your to spoil and I don't want
you to feel spoiled her so you need to
put your gun back hurt I got one I'm
glad this nice if I need to whack this
on the car seat anyone cry I can do it
no just one's gonna do just for nothing
nobody's gotta show me what when you pay
yeah ok so all of them want their own
bag of that's a little intense look at
the way he's just holding his little
hand on his chest so you think that that
seems like a pretty good treat for you
do ya like okay give it with Christian
hey Jose
oh hey puzzles I thought oh my god I
know you think I'm being like like this
is a little much but I just think it's
fun I just think that's them I can't
well it's hurt ow Lincoln you are going
to be seven months this month and we are
finally getting your picture up on the
wall and now we have okay yes no I don't
know no I don't think so
um and now we have all three of our
babies up on the wall yeah Joel thank
you yeah so cute oh my babies oh I love
it
Joel I love it that looks wonderful I
know do you remember when we had Olivia
and it was like when we have other
babies we're gonna do the same framing
it's like wow we literally have all of
our babies up in a frame hey Monologues
so this one was ba ba seven years ago no
hell does your pregnant brother when you
bought this didn't decorate it yeah
seven years yeah I got the frames from
Michael's hmm once there was a snowman
everyone seems to be situated Cody is
doing much better he's pretty happy with
his nerf gun has purchased oh it is
bedtime good night thank you guys so
much for watching okay he is being
Superman thank you guys so much for
watching and we'll see you guys in our
next video bye guys
like I'm dating whoa look at you bustin
early Conroy you gotta get Boston I kind
of maybe I could swear
