good morning you guys I am ready this
morning I got up extra early because
Ellie and I have a day date and today is
a special day date because she's leaving
Calvin you heard me she is leaving
Calvin behind come here I don't know if
he's gonna come here not today he knows
I'm going with that Ellie so they think
they're playing with Jackson today um
yeah we're gonna go down and do a little
bit of shopping today is the last day
with Bree
so we are taking advantage of her today
um yeah this is gonna be our last day
with Brees so we're a little sad the
kids have been asking for
I know oh she sure she is wonderful you
guys already know this I already know
that yeah I do have something for you
don't care if I give it to you on camera
okay oh she you guys she is so sweet
she's emotional I start bleeding hard
leaving she knows that she's going to do
good she's going to leave and do good
things but I'm really excited to give
this to her what are you before oh when
you come home you're gonna be four years
old and Lincoln is gonna be your age
that's crazy okay I'm not gonna let you
read the card right now because you're
right you've been harder but I do have a
card for you but Bree has learned how to
swaddle my little guy and that's one of
those like things that it's hard for me
to I know she's dying over here and
that's one of the reasons I don't like
leaving my babies with anybody or having
anyone help me because nobody knows how
to swaddle my baby and you mastered it I
and yeah and she told me she's like I
like that because she no she said I feel
grateful that you've taught me how to
swaddle babies because I'm gonna swaddle
my babies and so I have plenty my
mother-in-law made this one and and so
these are just like the winds so it's
going to gender-neutral cuz who knows
what's in the future but anyway I
thought that one was really cute he
comes with little burp rags my
mother-in-law makes the best so you feel
like hey Shh
bunch of kids are seriously been such a
blessing to my life and so as Bonnie
she's like an older sister I learned so
much in the last like month two months
and so I just can't be long enough yes
sweet well get out Ellie and I made it
to City Creek and I was looking at the
temple right and I just thought let's
just uh Felix I can just say hi and show
everyone that were here so I got we were
shop we have been shopping and it's been
really fun you got shopping
I've been called I bought some
sunglasses will show you everything that
we got when we're done but we're here
and this is our favorite place to shop
every time I come to Salt Lake we were
just in the Nordstrom dressing room and
it was a little old school and
everything I
think about like whenever I come to Salt
Lake to go shopping I think of our
cousin and I think of our grandma
because for them it was like a trek into
town I go so I'm really always mom lived
in Idaho in Idaho and her mom would come
up to Salt Lake to buy her clothes which
are really cool in things but the mom
saved in Idaho wasn't like my mind I
airy nice things that they were like
older well because you don't have
California style as well it comes up
sooner than like Utah style so and
that's what my mom was like she'd go to
school and she'd feel uncomfortable in
her like expensive in style clothing in
Idaho that she came anyway it was kind
of fun
we are outside enjoying the nice spring
air it feels so good out here and these
guys are showing me how they swing whoo
do you guys love spring I don't want to
get so much I missed summer so much ah
last season I bought these wife like ass
bow sandals and I have so many questions
I still get questions on where they
where I got them and I got them at
Macy's and I remember I wanted to get
this color too but I was like three of
the same color of shoe is probably a
little much anyway so they still have
them here at Macy's I don't know if they
have the other colors look at the black
ones yes I'm they don't have the exact
colors that I have I don't think that
they're my favorite sandal I might
tempted to get these black ones because
I love them so much
let's see you're down cardi
oh nice you want to go down
where'd the snow go Boston Cordia do you
know where the snow where it's up and
headed up in heaven I think so
where do you think it is Boston cardi
can you go give them a push good job
Austin hey we're in athletic ax Ellie
and I have been going to the gym and we
both felt like we just need a few more
cute things to wear and we knew we
wanted to stop here and they put us in
rooms right next to each other and we
like I was like I feel sad that we're
not gonna be the same dressing room and
the girls were like oh you know you come
out and show each other I'm like can we
have a bigger dressing here so we can
share you just saw nothing on this on
this side and no she's locked ah there
we go
yeah I was like can we please just have
the same dress on your marks get set go
something I get a little stressed out
about is like I don't like shopping with
people because usually when I shop with
people I end up like focusing on them
just so they feel good or like I don't
know but I think Ellie's like she's done
her thing I've done my thing but we've
been shopping together and it's so funny
because things she picked I was like oh
yeah that's totally Ellie and things I
think that it right now gear it's like I
got the colorful bright flowers it's
like I love black like I like black and
I don't know any on glasses he's a
looking at sunglasses oh and the
sunglasses she's is like I hope she gets
them were think we're still thinking
about it but I can't I have to explain
my spending today so we were going in to
do our taxes and Joel was so adamant
he's like oh it's going to be this we're
gonna of this I'm like no you have no
idea what you're talking about and I
made
make bet like we always make that how
cute is that
like real money money bet he was like
will bat like $20 here $20 there and if
I win like I get that $20 and it's Joel
wins I give him his $20 app and we made
that I was like I will give you X amount
of dollars to spend and we can spend it
however we want he totally lost I
totally won and so today I call I we
were on the phone together and I was
like I'm cashing in my tax money today
I'm like I'm using a like you can he's
like I wish I was there to basically
give you the money I was like don't
worry I got it all right then the pigs
are cute I actually really really really
lightweight those are more acute I know
well hats her lightweight she is bija I
always think I'm always like oh I need
to get this her mom or oh I should just
get this for mom like he doesn't show up
attend for herself but I want to like
shop for her
so cute what do you think Olivia you
like those glasses okay metal have you
look first
they are all trying on my new sunglasses
Joanna let Boston try mine no Boston can
try his own on Boston can try his own on
let me see you
ha those looks so cool take a google-ing
get $10 under yeah well you know my kids
think about the sunglasses they
obviously like them um the biggest place
that we shopped at today was Athletica
Ellie and I have been working out a lot
together lately and the clothes they had
in there were so cute two things that I
loved the pants
come up way above my belly button so
they come up past my belly button which
I like because I don't want my tummy
hanging out over top of my pants like I
like them to be tucked up in like it
helps me to like hold my stomach in to
when I'm working out so these hips funny
I got this exact outfit right here
and but we both just got we just died
when we saw these pants they're kind of
like it's almost like floral I don't
know we loved and so we both got those
they have mesh on the bottom they're
really cute so I got those two bottoms
this is more of a winter workout top and
it's like it's thicker and it's warmer
but it's it's very flattering on I have
never bought one of these the built-in
sports bra with the tank top and she
says that you don't need like she says
it is a lot of support but I'm like girl
I am still wearing my sports bra
underneath that and then another one
that's kind of similar is just a black
one the back is what's cute when we go
to the gym tomorrow we'll probably show
you our outfits maybe I have to take a
picture and post it on my Instagram but
we thought those were really cute so
that's where we did the most shopping
was at Athletica and one last thing look
at this water bottle I thought it was so
fun it's just plain glass like that's
all it is is just a glass bottle but
they say that it doesn't get um mold in
it like when you put strawberries in
your water or lemons in your water lemon
is a natural cleaner anyway but and it
doesn't go mouldy you can just leave
water in it's not gonna go bad because
it's just glass so bacteria doesn't grow
on it is that right am I even saying
something right I don't know I want to
show you guys the most healthy meal ever
yes it is
french fries cheese buffalo sauce blue
cheese and ranch we're carving up for
the big race tomorrow
so over this scrumptious dinner which we
had these up the ski lodge and so that's
why we had to make them they were so
rude
so we're discussing the what the events
of the evening my event I heard that my
event for the evening is Boston busted
open his lip while he was supposed to be
in bed that was exciting my event was
not fun
I stopped to put oil in my car and when
I backed out I thought I hit somebody
turns out somebody hit me instead
wrecked into the back of old Frank my
car he's alright though he's tough bird
come I get the guy that hit Joel was I
just don't know that it was it's in a
parking lot and cops you know can't
issue insurance with oh my gosh he will
not go to sleep he will not go to
slightly obv I'm so excited we'll see
some days when I work I seriously I
leave before the kids get up and I am
home after they get back or they're in
bed so oh yeah I don't care
you'll have one spicy fried and be done
he will not go to sleep you guys this is
what the heck not I am anyway we just
parted ways and called it good yes
Phil's a good guy both or benefits harm
alright it's boss instead time we'll see
you next video guys thanks for watching
and don't forget if you want to see you
succeed VX live click the link below to
get tickets to come and see us so that's
coming up soon take a night everybody
say I'm not going to bed see you guys
