hey guys today I want to do a spring
haul because I've had these packages
sitting on the side of my bed for ever
and I've been wanting to show them to
you guys and so that's why I am sitting
in my bedroom on the floor to get away
from my kids number one and number two
because when I get packages I bring them
to my room I sit right here I go through
them if I have returns I leave them
right over here if I keep them I leave
them over here and tell I'm ready to do
with whatever I'm going to do with them
anyway so I'm just excited to show you
this spring haul and I was like I'll
walk it up and do like spring makeup but
when I put my shirt on I was like I'm
gonna do a dark lip will start spring
makeup next week I don't even know where
I found these websites and I've been
shopping at I've been sent so many
different catalogs which is funny
because I haven't had a catalog sent to
me in a long time I think it's because
I've shopped on Hannah Anderson at
Christmastime and I'm sure they all
share people's information which is kind
of annoying but in this case not
annoying at all because I was sent these
catalogs for these other companies I'm
like no I like these clothes they're a
little expensive but I like these
clothes I'm gonna start with Olivia
stuff because she got the most stuff and
that's just because she goes to school
and she has worn through her stuff and
so she is like in desperate need of some
new things and she's really easy to shop
online for because all of her clothes
are very true to size but the boys it's
a little difficult cuz they have these
little teeny tiny hips in these long
legs and Boston is just the size of Cody
in anyway so for Olivia this is my
absolute favorite I got these from mini
Bowden that place
that place will getcha okay this is her
little um raincoat she she needs a good
jacket but she is we're getting to the
season where we don't need a coat
anymore and she plays her little guts
out at recess and so I thought she
needed a little raincoat this is not
about the sweetest
and of course when I saw they had the
matching rain boots I had to get them I
had to get them how can you not I cannot
wait to see her in these and when I got
these I thought ooh wouldn't those be so
cute with a fun color of pants I am so
excited to see her in her green pants
her floral jacket and her floral boots
beyond excited beyond excited
these next dresses have a story when
Olivia was around three years old she
had this dress that aunt amber sent to
her and she loved this dress she liked
the way that at world
she liked the tears on the dress and she
wore it to sleep and the nightgown she
wore it I think amber got it from H&M
she got it from H&M and she slept in it
she played in it that girl played so
hard she may believe in it she loved it
she was potty training or know she was
potty trained she was one day I was like
you are not wearing that dress to
Grandma's like I wanted her to look nice
and clean I wanted her to look nice and
fresh and she wanted to wear that dress
I'll let my kids reason with me very
well that is one of their very good
qualities about them but when it came to
this dress there was no reason there was
no reason and she went potty her dress
fell in the toilet that morning and so
there's pee water all over this dress so
I wring it out unlike we have to go put
this in the washing machine we have to
wear something different mmm she ended
up wearing her dress her pee pee dress
that day she was so happy she got to
wear and I'm looking back I'm happy that
I let her wear it like I'm glad I let
her wear the crap out of that dress but
she loved I have it somewhere and I was
going to make her a new dress in replica
of it I have it in a bag somewhere I
just don't know where anyway I saw these
dresses I had to get them this is the
exact dress other than the colors it was
just like this the same fabric it
a little cotton a little stretch this is
the dress and no I couldn't just get her
one I had to get her to because I
thought if she's gonna wear him every
day I want I just thought this one was
really cute for spring oh I just can't
wait to see her in it that dress I'll
never get rid of it I will never get rid
of that dress I might have to make it
into something I've heard of people like
making stuffed animals out of their kids
old clothing something but it was the
sweetest dress when she was little
oh she melted my heart no she's like
this poofy six year old I love her
though these next few things came from
garnet Hill
garnet Hill I've never heard of it until
I got the magazine swimsuit season is
around the corner and if you wait the
ones that you want all the sizes are out
this is what I do the second that
Christmas pajamas are out I buy them up
the second that like Easter or whatever
Easter is around the corner since suits
are out and I saw this swimsuit and I
had to get it because I love polka dots
I love pink I love turquoise when she
saw I wish I would have recorded when
she first saw these clothes her jaw was
dropped she's like I know that and this
hat look how like flimsy it is just like
sitting here it doesn't even look cute
it's a swim cap with a cap on the front
and when it's on her head
Oh see how it like pops out when it's
taut on her head the bill pokes out just
perfectly I'm excited because her long
hair is a beast to manage and so it'll
be nice to put her hair up in a shower
cap or base her swim cap and have the
Sun out of her face with a matching oh
you guys I'm so excited I'm so excited
so that's all I have for Olivia the boys
I didn't get them clothing yet cuz I
wasn't exactly sure and I didn't really
see anything that I love loved if I'm
going to buy kids clothes especially if
they're going to be a little more
expensive they have to be exactly what I
want and this is how I usually do their
clothing I get them a really nice outfit
so when we go somewhere on Sunday
after news I have a really nice outfit
to wear and they only wear that one
really nice outfit if we're going
somewhere that I wanted to look really
nice and then I get them maybe like two
or three play outfits and that's it and
they wear the crap out of those and they
abused them and they put holes in them
and then we toss them but the nice
clothes that I buy them I can just hand
me them down to the other kids because
they stay nice because they don't wear
them that often and then one nice church
outfit so Church an outfit to wear to
church which I just ordered that I think
I'm gonna have to do a whole nother
separate video on because they're just
really cute so the boys swim outfits
came from mini Bowden as well and I had
originally gotten them different colors
but then when I saw Boston in his I was
like nope Cody has to match so these are
just their t-shirts that they'll wear so
wherever we're going that way they have
a t-shirt to put on that matches their
swimsuit because a lot of times when we
go somewhere the kids like to wear their
swimsuits there that way we don't have
to change them and so they just have a
little Sun guard t-shirt that they can
wear so there's those and then you're
gonna die when you see these swim shorts
their little booty shorts babies
how cute Aziz they both have the same
size they're both in size two to three
years but there are these just these
little ones and I love these I love
these because I want to see my little
baby's legs a lot of times the swim
shorts are like the long ones that go
down to their knees and I thought these
are so sweet because you can see their
little toe she's enum and you can see
their little cute legs in them when
they're running in it and I just think
they're sweet I just thought those were
sweet oh and then for moi
I had I saw this dress online when I was
looking at Bowdoin comm and I thought
ooh this is going to be perfect no it
looks like a maternity dress you would
think that no it's just it's just no
everywhere I liked that I had sleeves I
liked that it was a little loose and I
liked that came all the way down to my
knee no looks like a maternity dress
totally returning that I did however
find this
dress off of Instagram so I posted a
picture of me wearing a black dress that
I got from Piper Street and this dress
also came from Piper Street and I know
that it isn't summer colors where the
heck is the top of this dress I can't
even figure this out held on so it has
loose flowy arms it's a like a v-neck
and it has a little tie around like the
upper waist and then the bottom is why I
got this dress is because it's a
high-low so it's um I'm doing a terrible
job at showing you these so this part
ends at your knee and then this part
goes down to your ankle and even though
it's not spring colors I don't care like
I just loved the way that it was flowy
and loose and that's what I like so
that's all I got hmm yes yes this is the
American Girl doll catalog
I swear companies are like attacking me
with their catalogs and I'm like them
I'll take one I'll take one I'll take
one but I'm very excited about this
American Girl doll catalog because
Olivia's birthday's are on the corner
and I'm just really excited so thank you
guys for watching I don't know why I was
so goofy in this video maybe I'm just
giddy about putting my kids on spring
clothes I need my own spring clothes I
need to get me some spring clothes
where are your guys's favorite places to
shop that's what I kind of want to know
for moms and for kids I guess it would
be nice to know for kids too but there's
a lot of cute places out there that's
not just Old Navy and the gap that's
usually where I get the kids as close as
Old Navy and Baby Gap thank you guys so
much for watching I'll see you in my
next video bye guys
