every morning Cody gets the cereal out
for everybody and apparently Cody ate
too fast for Boston's liking because
Cody gages breakfast went downstairs
which you did not put your bowl by the
sink mister and this guy was so sad he's
like come back and so we made Cody come
back huh you just wet scared you need
more cereal why do you put socks on your
hands cuz you do why do you like that
cuz you do it keeps your hands on your
stamps those were Jackson's or at his
house oh just a little bit left by dams
you got some stamps on your face Lego a
little career Boston I'll tell you what
we're gonna do come here good morning
you guys this morning I need to get my
house whipped up into shape Jules gonna
be home from work in several hours and
then he has half today and tomorrow loss
so my goal is to have the house nice and
clean so the way it gets home it's like
relaxed time or work time with him I
don't even know we have stuff on the
agenda to do so I just want to make sure
that he comes home to a nice clean house
and I'm being quiet by the baby's door
c'mere guys me I'm going to shut all my
kids come on come on they're all
complaining but we are not this is what
I do so you're not complaining Oh My
heavens to Betsy first I have to show
you that I have to have my phone right
here and I am turning it on silent
because if I don't then I will be
tempted to talk to my sisters all
morning and I cannot do that I do not
have time to do that so what I do is I
don't room to room cleaning hold on I
need to get after Cody because he is
whining this is what I do when I have a
room to clean I should bring the kids
room to room with me so they're not
destroying what I've already done making
a bigger mess of what I have to clean
they are either going to help me in here
because you can see I just like emptied
my purse yesterday because I needed it I
need to go through
see this remember okay this is what my
room looks like when I'm shopping for
the kids I have tons of just stuff stuff
I need to return so if I need to go
through it's a little crazy so I'm gonna
work on my room they're gonna watch a
little movie you guys want to watch a
movie and if you're gonna fight and not
be good then you're going to work with
me
yep that's what I thought this is this
the most interesting thing you've ever
watched all day is me dusting
see look progress you guys I have one
area all the way cleaned off and dusted
that's progress and all I need to do is
keep going just keep doing that same
thing over and over now I'm gonna do
this area second area dusted and clean
see this is not too bad I'm feeling
overwhelmed but I'm just doing one
little step at a time and now I have
this one done but I do have to show you
something so I got this tray for
Christmas when I was very little and I
always wanted it because I wanted to put
my trays on it I had one my friends had
one and that's all I wanted for
Christmas was like a mirror tray to keep
my pretty things on any this is what I
keep my perfume on and these two little
bottles so in high school the lucky
brand was really popular and I wore the
girls lucky and Joel were the boys lucky
perfume and cologne and and that's what
we always wore and then they
discontinued it and I don't think they
actually make it but they have I don't
know if it's a knockoff or what it is
but they do sell the little things of it
at Walmart and when we saw those we had
to buy them and I don't know this these
two little jars just remind me of high
school bonnie and joel and that's what
we used to smell like that's like what
we fell in love to each other smelling
like and they're just really sentimental
to me but then also my other perfumes
like my mom bought 100 mg bonnie hold it
together so when i Joel had lost his job
I had a couple babies and was it me that
had lost my job or my mom I can't
remember it had to have been me because
because she bought me it was her
birthday and she bought me the perfume I
don't know what she was thinking when
she bought that for me but I think she
was just thinking that Bonnie needed to
pick me up is what I think she thought
so that's what I always think of when I
look at the Calvin Klein euphoria and
then Joel bought me DKNY be Delicious
perfume for Mother's Day one year and I
really grown to like that of course the
Juicy Couture that won't always smells
super good but I just like my little
perfumes I need a new perfume I used all
what you guys are being good I like you
guys
one of these days yeah that says Walt
Disney Pictures one of these days you
kids are gonna go to school I'm gonna
miss the crazies out of you know new
backpacks you're gonna get a new
backpack that's right
okay on to the next surface killing it
yes I am killing it in the dusting
Department I'm sure you guys have seen
this picture in the background several
times when I was in high school I ran
for Miss Roy and if you could you know
people say what are some of your most
embarrassing moments that could be one
of them I did not know what I was doing
you should have seen me in the interview
the things that I said it was like oh it
was horrible this is the picture that I
had taken when I ran for Miss Roy and I
loved that dress more than anything
anyway when we were in high after haikus
after high school and Joel had that
framed and he had it sitting next to his
bed I reframed it to match our bedroom
and he insisted that that stand on his
nightstand he's like I love that picture
and I want that to sit on my nightstand
for the rest of my life anyway some
it'll probably sit by on his nightstand
for the rest of his life
I know but I gotta dust your TV ok one
room down and the rest of the house to
go I have had these two items sitting in
my drawer and I just can't bring myself
to throw them away I am NOT one to keep
a pregnancy test but this is the
pregnancy test that I first took with
Lincoln and I think that it's my last
pregnancy test that I'll probably ever
take that will be positive um is what
I'm thinking
plans always change but that's what I'm
thinking and so it is just I don't know
it's like I know I should throw it away
because who wants a pee stick sitting in
their toothbrush drawer so goodbye I'm
really actually kind of sad and then the
other one and this one's hard for me I
don't even know I win
because I have another baby in binky's
this is Boston's last binky and he found
it the other day and he was holding it
he didn't suck on it but he was just
like plain of it I don't know why this
is funny for me to let go of but you
should probably throw it away too
it's gonna be hard for me I know this
your ball I think it's gonna be hard for
me with Lincoln it's not a baby anymore
having a baby is like what I've done the
last six years and I think it's going to
be funny to not have one today is a
little bit of a sentimental day when I
was younger my dad bought these
four-wheelers and these are the four
wheelers that my siblings and I grew up
on bo probably used him the most
obviously him and his friends would take
them but we when we went camping these
four-wheelers came when we went fishing
these four-wheelers can
name and family reunions we've just did
a lot of four-wheeling on these machines
it's crazy to think about my perspective
because I've had them only for the best
several years and have maintained them
and had them up here just so we can go
play on them anytime and well basically
Joel anytime we go to my parents house
he would get the machines out because
nobody ever used in the last several
years nobody used him and anyway and
Joel was like can i he's like this this
one needs new tires this one needs new
spark plugs this one needs new battery
he's like let me just take him and so my
parents have let Joel just kind of take
them basically yes yes runnable yeah and
now they're just kinda to the point
where they're they're just getting
really old and I think we're gonna
replace them with one better one and
they kind of don't keep up with yours
and the other ones right
they don't keep up so kind of a sad day
I hope Beau's not mad at us for selling
these mom and dad said for us to tell
you what every time I still start them I
feel just as giddy getting on really yes
not just some fun about four-wheeling my
parents they I remember them saying they
they just wanted to have something for
us kids to have they just wanted a toy
for us to play on and I think that they
worked really hard to get these machines
and that's why I need another one no you
don't you already have a toy children
are not loyal oh I feel sad parting with
these mmm if you have a two-year-old I
like and you see little rappers running
around you got to start searching
everything I literally replenished all
of my gums - yesterday
and Boston already made it into I don't
even know how I got over here I was out
here with him all day somehow he got in
did you get into my gum did you get into
my gum you got into it I'm blaming
Boston and it's your
fault was even got one point is Portugal
right because I've eaten all of it so
why did I get into I mean even give me a
beating you said you would
okay I have one piece left for Bonnie
for Olivia I think Bonnie that's weird
okay alright use all stickers watching
this biggest digger okay I just met with
the doctor you'll have to check out the
video on the le ingeras blog it probably
is gonna look so silly but he said if
the two bones in my wrists like opened
up and then separated again and it
caused a lot of inflammation and she
says like that's all it is but they're
gonna just put me in a brace for a
couple weeks that'll make it heal a
little faster so now I get a fun little
brace this this is the end verdict I
gotta wear it for two or three weeks and
he really wanted to put me in a cast
which that's a crazy like the cast it's
not even broken nothing's broken
but he's like we should put you in a
cast to immobilize it but he's like I'll
trust you to wear a brace and be
immobilized
I'm a learner desk we just take a second
and look at how beautiful show me his
full body he is the most loved look at
him he's just like wow this is nice
I want to be held like that oh look at
his body there's a little bit diaper but
look at the driver uh grab your book bag
grab your backpack we're gonna get your
homework done really quick before we
have a little babies that are coming
over I don't know what we're going to do
we might just go grocery shopping I
think we're just going to go grocery
shopping for an hour but babysitter for
the kids bed so that's exciting
so we got a handy trips reader can heb
me oh nice okay perfect
do you want to say good night to
everybody get going wait one more
surprise I think the end of this vlog
might be a little all over the place so
sorry if it is but we'll see you guys
our next video bye guys
