well the problem I'm trying to fix right
now is my winch you guys know that it
went out but we have snow expected for
tomorrow and Saturday and I really don't
want to be without my plow because
they're supposed to be a big star what
we did just the morning was we were and
the boss more buses and then we uh came
home and get my letters and then I came
outside after we did and now
ice breaking my Boston well after about
15 minutes of work my winch is
completely off and on the floor one
thing I didn't realize though is I need
to get that winch cable out of there
and I have to manually pull it out
this little kid is one of the presents
Bonnie got me for Christmas periodically
I'll show you little tools that I got
and I love this thing my brother
actually has one and he inspired me and
now I'm gonna utilize it to get the rest
of this stupid thing out I don't know if
you're aware but that snow is like two
weeks old that's a dirty nasty snow
you probably shouldn't need it code why
you so sad why are you bummed cuz none
of your friends can play oh do you know
what boys sometimes friends just can't
play you just can't play with your
friends all the time
mom's my friend she doesn't want to play
with me all the time throw that snow and
get in my car let's go
hey who did this who did that little
cherry cheeks I stepped inside for two
seconds to see you there's snow in my
boo I could hear my four-wheeler being
revved I've got a idling it's in park
the parking brakes on is not going
anywhere but I got it fighting and I
look over and Cody emboss level do it
Lincoln do it do it
I opened the door and I was watching
Jill and the boys rolled by on the
four-wheeler and all three of them
behind I've been gone all day and so
they were like mom you're home so I went
to my oh gee hair stylist her name is
Natalie young she did a bleach wash on
my hair and it didn't really do much and
so she went through and re bleached out
the ends which I'm like oh please don't
fry off my hair it wasn't too bad though
so she flea shot the ends and then toned
it with a really light color which
originally I kind of thought was gonna
be how my hair turned out the other day
and so it's not just straight luck right
now and I didn't want her to dry it or
anything we were like let's just put a
protein pack on it go home with it wet
when it's dry rinse it put a
moisturizing pack on it and sleep in it
through the night that's the plan with
the hair and I knew I was just gonna be
a mess today so I was like I'm not
belonging today came home Jose recording
something like oh what the heck I may as
well anyway so I am so loud I'm gonna
try and figure out what we're gonna do
for dinner we've had leftovers in here
so I think we'll just basically clean
out the fridge it's Friday night who
knows I don't know we don't have any
wild plans I think we're gonna sit he
kicked his boots off at you yeah I was
gonna say and I'm sure he thought that
was hilarious Lincoln has no idea how
lucky he is and sometimes honestly I
don't think I know how lucky I am I do
not know what I did to deserve Joel Joel
I love you thank you hey Jules like do I
get it come to your photo shoot today
I'm like yes everything steamy I
realized that I didn't show you guys my
hair so we went through yesterday
and did just a few highlights so that we
didn't damage my natural hair very much
and anyway so this is what I'm
with many dollars later many hours later
and I feel almost back to normal are you
ready to go boyfriend
yeah I know okay the first thing I gotta
wipe the bottom because there's a lot of
mud on it and then I'll read the card
good luck on the photo shoot a little
light I'm just kidding family is perfect
because of you thank you for all you do
Bonnie look so Olivia
Cody Boston winkin Roy woman the photo
shoot was over me and Ellie sat at the
kitchen table and we just like looked at
each other and smiled and we were just
like can you even believe that this has
happened can you believe that like we
were just like I can't believe this is
here they're so pretty and I've learned
that like to love these little things
they're so yes you know these are my
favorite Joel the kinder those no calla
lilies Louise oh no a laser cut well I
love lilies I love greeny what did you
tell him like when you ordered this
would you tell him something pretty they
found on their website really and they
had it and she actually told me she said
they didn't have any lilies so they were
gonna put something else in there I was
like but they had them they're my
favorite lilies are my favorite
Connie informed me today that someone
told him that
what Cody that's a big deal you said one
for three those are big words to just
say to anybody but I want to know did
you mean it
how do you know you love her my mom had
her hair really diver she kind of looked
like the electron skin so you're saying
that you love her because she has dark
hair like mama but she has brown skin
not like me well tan skin huh that's a
good deal bud that's a good deal well
Chef Boyardee right now making himself a
peanut butter and honey sandwich worked
so hard this week and I just feel good
to like come to the conclusion you know
Olivia did you just wake up oh that's
right it was pajama day how was pajama
day
was it JAMA licious I did it juice
cleanse this week and I didn't want to
say anything because I didn't want to be
like oh I'm like trying to lose weight
again but like not just lose weight I
kind of don't really care care about
that I truly don't the only thing I care
about is this double chin thing like I
don't care like if my like whatever like
I just really don't care but I know that
I'm sick of eating junk food and so I
did a five-day juice cleanse I thought I
was going to die when I first went into
it which is ridiculous that you say that
because you handled it like every day I
thought I thought it was gonna be like
crawling and kicking and screaming
almost no I don't you so good and I
don't want to show you my pants but like
my pants are loose on me and normally I
have this jiggle that's the pants jiggle
I mean look at what I would like to do
from here on out so I went five days on
juice only I mean one of it last night I
had like half a meal cuz I was like I
just but like I
felt like I knew ya half of a super
clean healthy male so I am I ordered
another juice cleanse but it won't be
here till next week and Joel's like what
are you gonna do over the weekend so he
went and found me this bone these ones
are a little bit a little bit higher
calorie but they're still clean
they're still clean could you address
the barking child at the baby no I'm
trying to ignore him
Joel you guys enjoy my fight so much but
like we're so good to each other am I
good as good to you as you are to me
nobody makes up the way we do we do we
love each other and we love to fight too
it's okay it's fine it's just how we are
why are you wearing mommy's socks down
it's okay we are singing two Disney
songs and we're sitting here coloring I
don't remember the last time I sat down
to color but tell me these are not the
most beautiful coloring pages we just
went into the store into like Michaels
or something anyway they just have the
most pretty coloring pages Joan the boys
are downstairs playing Nintendo it's
snowing outside and Lincoln what are you
building with those that is the best
Christmas tree I've ever seen it's gonna
fall all right I've got my beanie so my
hair doesn't get wet in the hot tub got
my swimsuit on under my robe Joel is
apparently gonna go out in the snow with
his shorts on how do you heat wave my
parents came down tonight and took us to
dinner we didn't bring the camera
because we just wanted to enjoy our
conversation Amy so we are going to
close our night by going over and
getting in the hot tub I got some
bubblicious in my mouth and I put in way
too soon I'm sorry it's most juice
allure shows no go get me a few good
reviews okay we're gonna close the vlog
thank you guys so much for watching we
love you guys if you enjoyed the video
give it a thumbs up see you later
