hey guys today I wanted to talk all
about my hair and especially my hair
color when I was younger I had naturally
blonde hair yes
all natural blonde locks just like all
of my sisters and as I got older by a
time I hit the seventh grade my hair had
gone Brown which I was fine with I liked
my brown hair um everyone always wants
to know is that your natural color size
your natural color yes this right here
is my natural hair color as I have had
babies I have naturally gotten gray
hairs I don't have a ton I have a
handful right up here in the hairline in
the front section is where I have and
they're not even like great they are
like piercings silver white they drive
me nuts they drive me crazy at first I
started pulling at them and that's no
good you don't want to do that but I
have been coloring my hair I like to
color my hair also because my ends
anyone with long hair knows how dry your
ends can get and so I like to freshen up
my roots to cover the Grays I like to
freshen up the ends because I don't like
them to be to have a faded look if you
don't know I am a professional hair
stylist I went to school to do
cosmetology so did my sister Ellie and
so did my sister-in-law Emily and so we
like to get together and do hair usually
what I like to do is I like going to the
salon I love the salon atmosphere if I
don't have time to get to the salon to
have my hair colored then I will have
Elliot do my hair because we look close
to each other I'll do her she'll do mine
but with a bunch of babies running
around sometimes we can't always do that
so don't be there color my hair at home
or and do it all by myself or I'll make
Joel do it or you know whatever it's
difficult doing it all on my own but
aside to that you can do it it's
manageable several of you guys have
asked what color I do my hair or what
type of hair
that I use on my hair as a professional
hairstylist I use professional hair
color only and if you were to ask me
should I color my hair at home or should
I go to the salon as a hairstylist I
recommend that you go to a salon first
if you want your hair colored I suggest
going to a salon having them do it how
the professionals do it the number one
thing that I would recommend you not do
is go to the store and buy a box color
from the store
so here I've told you if you want
professional color go to the salon I
told you do not go to the grocery store
and buy your color because it's just
really harsh stuff if you want to do
your hair at home and you want to have
professional color because applying the
color is pretty basic as long as you
have the right stuff and you can't just
get online and order professional hair
color except if you go to a salon at a
salon they have professional hair color
that you can order and it gets shipped
right to your house and you can apply
your color at home Howey salon works is
you get online and you tell them the
current state of your hair you tell them
the state that you want your hair in
after you color it and you can send it a
picture you can video chat with them you
can call them on the phone they have the
best customer service you call you talk
to a hairstylist professional and you
chat about what you want and they custom
mix your hair color they send you that
custom professional hair color to your
house and you apply it at your house the
shipping is superfast once the color is
shipped to your house it comes with
directions on how to apply the color to
your hair and the box comes with
everything that you need it comes with
gloves it comes with the directions on
how to apply the color to your hair it
comes with a little
brush I know you can order bowls there
if you need them it comes with a shampoo
and conditioner packet for I think this
could last you two or three depending on
how long your hair is
it will last you two or three washes it
comes with little stain remover packets
a stain guard so the color doesn't get
on your hair so while you're waiting for
your hair to process you just remove
that color along your face and ears I
went through this process I talked to
the colorist we figured exactly what I
wanted when I got the color i Witt I
mixed it up and I applied it to my hair
I always section my hair into four
different sections if you're great you
want to start in the front of your hair
so you if you're not great you want to
start in the back of your hair because
the longer the color sits the darker
that it gets the more penetrates in so
if you're green you want the coverage
upfront if you're not you want the
darkest on the bottom and not the top I
applied my color from my scalp to the
last place that my hair was colored so
however much your hair is grown out
that's the only place you want to put it
so I apply the color at the base of my
hair all over and once I have all of my
color applied the back is a little more
difficult the back was a little more
difficult to get to and I don't know how
graceful this is gonna look but hey I
did it by myself and I didn't want to
make Joel do it so I did it on my own I
don't think I did a pretty good job if I
do say so myself
one thing I like to do is to take a pic
I like taking a pic and once the hair is
on you want to let it process for the
amount of time that they recommend you
let it process I like to pull my hair
out I like because that way you don't
have one definite line of demarcation
where you stopped the color you want it
to blend through your hair so I like to
take the pick and comb my hair out if
you're wanting to color your whole hair
then you would finish applying the color
to all the way to your ends I didn't
want my hair to be any darker than what
it was so I didn't freshen up my ends or
anything I just didn't
my scalp and then I rinsed it out and
washed it when I was done
you salon has haircolor but they also
have hair products for you to use that
are all color safe and the one product
that I did try was that get heated
thermal protect hair mist my one
requirement for heat protectant is that
there is no alcohol I went through the
ingredients very carefully every single
one and there is no alcohol in this
which I was very happy with because
there are professional products that
have alcohol you couldn't pay me to put
alcohol on my hair and then put a hot
flat iron on it not gonna happen
one product that I got that I really am
excited about trying this is the brow
enhancing serum so I'm gonna have to use
this for like a month or so and I'll let
you know what I think about it but I am
excited to try it and then the last
thing I was going about you guys I am a
sucker for hair what is this called a
shower cap
I love shower caps and when I saw this
cute heart when I was like excited to
try it and even Jill said that I looked
really cute in the shower with it so I
was really excited about the shower cap
now that I have you guys all excited
about hair color and you salons products
and they're cute shower caps if you
click the link that I have below it will
take you to their site and as a
first-time client you get 50% off plus I
have other links listed below with their
products so if you want a discount on
the products that I mentioned you can
use the links that I have down below
thank you guys so much for watching this
video if you have any questions about
this hair color leave your comments or
your questions in the comment section
and I will watch this video for the next
few days and keep an eye out for your
questions and I'll make sure to get
those questions answered for you thank
you guys bye
