good morning you guys I am running a
little bit late this morning which is
ridiculous that I would even turn the
camera on but when it's logging day you
get the camera out so I am getting the
baby rapidly dressed and thank heavens
he slept in this morning because Oh
little deer boobies just fell on the
floor I'm a memento now it is stuck
between his toe yes he is kicking it
around there we go got it
okay motherhood its finest I have the
kids quarantined to a specific area not
in reach of audio for you because well
that is just how the morning has been
getting up don't you grab my camera
string that is just how the morning has
been the kids so hard getting everybody
ready including myself by 8:30 right now
it's 8:30 I wanted to leave at like 8:20
we are all headed out the door to listen
to breathe give her farewell talk at
church she's going on a mission and
that's usually what they do is they give
a little talk before they go in their
homework so we're gonna go and support
her because she has been the biggest
blessing in my life as you guys have nom
lately she has been so wonderful to UM
come and help me here at the house and
with the kids and I really just feel
like we were both put in each other's
lives at the very moment that we have
needed each other because she has
expressed to me and I have overly
expressed to her that just the timing in
both of our lives has been really really
perfect she needed me I needed her and I
think that now I honestly feel she got
me through a period where I mean I would
not have been able to make these videos
and I would not have been able to get
the things done that I needed to with a
newborn now I feel like my head is on
pretty straight and I feel like I can
function
she's going to go on a mission and I
feel like things are pretty okay around
here again huh so we are going to get
going we gotta go we gotta go up spin up
spin up we are here and it's funny as we
were driving here I saw I was kind of in
a hurry because we are reading light and
you want to be early to these things or
you don't get a seat but what's funny is
I started driving and Ellie was like do
you want me to meet you jump me to like
swing by your house I'm like oh no you
don't need to swing by my house and um
as we were driving I like sped up I'm
kind of like oh this car is kind of
going slow and I'm like oh my gosh I
would know that head anywhere it was
Ellie and Jared and we both made a wrong
turn I called him I'm like I think the
church is on the right not the left I'm
like turn around turn around because you
like plugging their nose because we're
we're out in like farm country and um it
stinks really bad like house okay are we
ready come on come on Kody was very
upset this morning because I put Boston
sweater on him and his sweater on Boston
and that took quite a minute to get over
but we're good we're ready to go let's
go
are you guys excited to see Bree thank
you
hey you little mister you're a happy guy
oh my is there a lot of commotion going
on huh where do you think you're
swimming off to where do you think
you're swimming off to oh he's okay he's
just hanging out on my back is all don't
worry about it yeah I don't know what
the kids are playing what are you guys
doing how are you doing some exercise
yeah get off engine and little get it
ready okay sounds good
I'm down here looking at the baby no
letting me
let him be just a minute I'll move him
but you know why he's getting his
exercising right now - oh is this the
hardest work of your life
can you move I want to see if he's gonna
roll over because he old burpees burpees
oh shoot see now because I was your
teacher okay good okay
Boston get on your now sneak young on
here pinky so you got one thing nothing
- sit down sit down sit down sit down
sit down
last stand up I'll tell you what to do
today first we're going to stretch and
cut your goals stand like this now
Boston just do this just keep it and do
this now we can get we can find more
money and get stronger no okay now I'm
gonna do this jumping jacks
put your fingers together you crisscross
applesauce last night you put one foot
hit this turn the other put put this
like this and keep your foot okay this
Boston keep your fingers I'm gonna do
this okay so do this
that's the charms good put your knees on
your knees
hold on troll then I'm going to sing
them run okay I'm my trophy
yeah bye I think you read chords it up
if you want to go break you can't even
sit on a chair who wants to go bathroom
we are just waking up from naps and the
little kids and I are out here getting
some fresh air because it feels so nice
outside Lincoln is just finishing up
with his little nap but it's still too
cold to go without gloves huh so you
still have to wear your gloves you ride
your bike and show me how good you are
on it and you ride your bike and show me
how good you are in it he's been out
here with a shovel and he's been taking
what little bit of snow we have left and
shoveling Oh yep just like this little
guy they're just dispersing the snow
don't hit anyone's car with the snow get
to work
church clothes and rain boots how we do
we even got this bad boy out kids were
on it all day yesterday and drained the
battery so we gotta get the battery
charged so you can ride it all day
tomorrow huh how much I've been wanting
that how much have you been wanting that
that's how many days you've been wanting
it huh wow you look like you're working
pretty hard out here
oh you do that because you've seen daddy
do that haven't you
have you seen daddy do that you wanted
to help you're so cute Cody okay
yep that way it melts faster huh mm-hmm
well I hope you don't work too hard out
here 17 equals how many tens and how
many ones what can one seven perfect so
10 plus 3 and plus three equals one and
three yes okay ten plus what equals 14
the numbers that are right here you put
it in the 10 in the empty space equals 3
and this 10 plus 1 equals 1 1 good job
ok you keep doing your homework a lot of
times I get comments saying oh bunny
you're really patient with your kids and
all I can think is you don't really know
me because Olivia and I just got done
doing homework together we're almost
getting finished and luckily we're still
friends
i oh I like when gel doesn't work with
the kids because he is more patient when
it comes to homework I guess I should
say there's certain things that I'm
patient with and certain things that I'm
not I can be home with the kids all day
and mostly keep my cool but I get into
like one page of homework and I'm ready
to rip my hair out and Joel he is much
much more patient when it comes to
homework but also on the other hand of
those comments of people saying that I'm
patient is it's really interesting for
me and all of my siblings so in case you
didn't know all of my siblings have
channels and it
really interesting that will kind of
talk about the comments-section together
sometimes and it's interesting like ruby
mentioned Oh someone said that I'm that
I was pretty and that made her feel
really good that someone said she was
pretty and beau has texted me several
times saying like oh hey look at this
comment or you know and we we like to
talk about the positive comments because
it's always in life in everything it's
always best to focus on the good but it
is really interesting to me what people
get out of the videos because a lot of
times I will think nothing of a video
and it will get the most comments saying
oh this this video really helped me or
this RIT video it's I don't know it's
just really interesting to see what
people take away from certain vlogs um I
don't know kind of funny because I have
to be a little careful what I put out
there because sometimes I mean a lot of
times it just kind of becomes routine
and I just put videos out but I don't
know sometimes I think it's nice to take
a step back and kind of look at things
and think about what I'm saying and
think about what I'm putting out there
so anyway I don't even know what I'm
saying right now
okay well it's signed in the vlog Olivia
you are doing so good with your homework
you like school dontcha can you believe
you're almost done with the first grade
she's focusing I better leave her alone
I can't believe she's in the first grade
you guys thanks for watching I feel bad
that Joel is not in this vlog today but
he has been at work and doing his thing
those good little severe bad well those
kids are not in bed the way they are
supposed to be so I have mommy duty to
go do so we will see you guys in our
next video bye
