oh that's too cold I got it I got it big
guy can you turn around and let's go
home because we have dinner his time for
dinner big guy turn your bike around
dad's almost done working outside turn
your bike around he's going to come in -
you can come inside when dad comes
inside okay turn your bike around Boston
Wade turn your bike around turn your
bike around and go back home you want
Cody to get you show me how far you can
throw that Cody
pretty good go get your brother whoa
slow down Boston go park your wheels go
Park your ride you a you a big roller
are those your running shoes nice that
looks just like a ballerina Wow
woohoo okay run downstairs turn the TV
off tell Cole did you come upstairs for
dinner yeah yeah how you entertaining
him he's happy she's happy hello you
guys welcome to our family dinner I am
getting it ready Joel is outside he has
been working on the smoker it died
yesterday in the middle of preparing
dinner for our family anyway that was
crazy that really stunk
he ended up cooking it in the oven and
back in the oven it spilled there's
grease everywhere the entire house was
full of smoke
it was awful we smoked the meat in the
house it was terrible it was awful who's
texting me so for dinner tonight we are
having leftovers these are Dutch oven
potatoes with bacon they look a little
disgusting but they taste really good
Joel made the meatloaf and then of
course a salad so this is our dinner
are you ready to eat dad oh good okay
come in and eat good ah your floor that
has always been there that line has
always been there it's funny that you
haven't noticed it this drives me crazy
every time I clean the floor
seriously just be good like one of the
kids - good night no the dinner is
almost ready if you will get everyone to
the table I will get dishes Hey
go sit at the table consider your table
Olivia yeah okay you guys you can sit
there Cody Olivia on the bench in the
back I'll sit there that's a good spot
right there could you sit on the bench
Olivia Boston you there and I'll sit
over there I aren't your leftovers from
work tomorrow
well I get leftovers for tomorrow gonna
be a good day work actually we may have
a taco truck tomorrow at work I'm not
gonna lie really but if not the next day
I'll have them okay okay this guy just
had a bottle but he we're gonna give him
his first baby food when we're done
eating we're gonna give him his birthday
I've been wanting to do it don't don't
that for a second really well I've been
wanting to feed him but every time I go
- you're either at work or you're not
here
and I don't want to do without you would
you be sad if I did yes I know I'm
excited he's a food we're gonna get some
food I hope he's I hope he does good
I've always started the kids on the
banana baby food and she loved it okay
don't complain my dinner just eat it I
still love Cody is the most picky eater
ever since he was little I remember just
getting so frustrated when he was like a
baby because he just hates everything I
remember him dry heaving on the baby
food he dated it he just hated
everything he hates he's hard for me to
get to eat but dinner what we have for
dinner is what we had for dinner if he
doesn't like it then he doesn't eat
Olivia is an amazing eater I loved it
you'll love it yeah and Boston I don't
think he
likes a lot of things but he just eats
it anyway like it's not a fight for me
he just eats it so we'll see what you do
we'll see what you do what if he doesn't
like it
stop looking at yourself in the
viewfinder yeah why can't I get some
tape eat your dinner Boston cover after
I know they look it'll be somebody for
you people anything the kids get their
pickiness for me because I am a little
more picky than job Wow not even a
little bit no oh I always roll myself
hey Emily do them without bail Cody
bites his cheek
the real every meal every every no
remember that time when we went to feed
the ducks and I was going out in the
water and I come back and then I
grounded in water um you didn't even
come close to drowning now your foot got
stuck and dad had to come get mom excuse
me mom got you and you both lost sandal
and then I had to get you both fun I
found Olivia sandal and mine my express
wonderful sandal it's still at night and
then you lost it
I think the Ducks paired it pop I
thought you Kizzy oh there's none like a
row line is the exact same as yours do
you eat your dinner oh yes oh what's
this tray thing what's this dear this is
look at look at these kids are so
you're so excited to weaken I hope U's
gonna eat it I think you will I think he
like knows okay I think you know
something's coming
okay now I want you guys to be a little
calm while we do this what are you
scared of them
freaking out well I just don't want them
going nuts while I'm trying to like feed
my baby mm-hmm
oh trying but first mama oh hey hey
scoot back a little
okay everyone crowding the everyone's go
back just a little bit just go back just
a little bit dude oh my gosh he is very
ready for this dawn bitter beer face not
even really it's kind of what do you
think of that that's pretty good oh okay
here's for baby Oh way yeah Oh
how am I worried now one for the baby
what do you think Olivia was are good
yeah baby
Cody yes Wow yeah it's like the second
Maddie and just like slurping enjoying
it okay here's for baby Cody yeah
oh he did so good if you spit it out
shouldn't say that don't spit it out
okay hold on no you babies change see
good and ours babies turn hey what do
you think of this TV it's for baby
blended
Oh Cheetos about ready to come out of a
sea okay well then okay everyone slow
down no more I just letting you have a
taste
come please feed him maybe in a second
let's just go meet him he came back but
I thought he was gonna go like this like
he likes it
hey Dad so I have to tell you guys I
don't like he knew yes he still has to
eat melt lying I don't know if Walmart
was just out of the glass jars Walmart
didn't have the glass Gerber jars and it
made me really sad cuz those are my
favorite I don't know why I just like
the glass jars they're cute they're
probably a little more expensive anyway
they're a little more expensive just buy
a look what do you think he's thinking
what are you thinking but I always give
the babies and bananas Merce that's the
first thing I feed and then I feed him
peas open your mouth up good job I'm
just like a bitter beer face here like
it just yeah oh oh not really sure no
really sure he's not sure what to think
he's like but he wants another one yeah
well he's asking people reach in here
say it's a wing from the driver he's not
he's not that hungry oh oh in the eye in
the eye Oh banana in the eye I will let
you kids help me when he's a little more
hungry because right now he's not that
hungry and I don't know if he wants any
more he's not quite figured about see
he's not opening his mouth he's not
really asking for it that was it worth
it fire it's fun isn't for you I waited
for you
are you going I'm so happy she waited
cuz I've been there for all of them
oh yeah I've never fed the babies
without you I just like seeing my
pockets Cody go get your pajamas on my
jammies
now you get going get those jammies on
okay stand up here as soon as we get
done brushing your teeth you can go get
your jammies on
daddy daddy I'll help you ah your teeth
were looking extra dirty today tickle
hey hey I gotta get the bottom on good
face back hey let's do the top one wait
like out three wait let me make sure
you're nice all right not you know not
yellow yah yah yah yah yah yo what's
your favorite color you want your teeth
yellow
what's your favorite color Boston's B is
Blue Jays are in the wash are they yeah
cuz I had to wash so much glitter I put
in the dryer
I couldn't you rotated the laundry are
you kidding me - so many things because
he rotates the laundry once that means
he does it all the time
no I was just you were busy doing your
stuff today
my and once I started the laundry he
wants a big thank you for doing the
lunch one had a boy I told you yeah a
boy Olivia brushes her own teeth on the
usual
but sometimes Oh yep she's cheating you
back if I could working it her mouth the
other day she has you big big kids teeth
coming in so her mouth was just a little
sensitive so that's why sometimes she
likes mama to do it
Heinemann good enough minimun uh mid a
bath hey good day with my brother both
seven long time a bit of bath what the
heck's a bit of bath vitae bath is like
bubble bath - my grandma used to you for
Christmas Baba vite vite about vitae
bath and he held it up he's all I got
some minima and so for all growing up we
all said thought it was so funny to call
it Villa bath
seriously the second you start you stop
when I turn it okay let's go again some
some pajamas on Olivier go get your
jammies on and when I teach the kids
that it is bad manners to leave
toothpaste in the sink so you gotta
rinse it out yeah hey you guys thank you
so much for watching today I think we're
going to close the buck here get our
kids to bed and relax
oh you want me to take it yeah boy did
you say bunny take the camera shot small
sacrifice um I'll just tell you good
night that's all I was that's all I was
gonna say hey get downstairs and find a
Chinese I may think you put on your face
cake will wipe your face and we'll
lotion them hey let's go let's go let's
go
good Nestor get you Jimmy candy yeah
perfect they're in the dryer go go go go
go go go go go
thank you so much for watching and we'll
see you in our next video bye
yeah
