you trying oh yeah in car here come over
here Olivia he literally just like
totally rolled over so quick so fast
he's just like flopped over you're
trying to get your treat good morning
Boston has been touching my camera again
okay now I'm ready to say good morning
and I can look at a clean lens that was
much much better
all right it is Saturday morning and I
should clean all of this up Joel is
going to be home from work and my plan
for today is to relax we won't be able
to relax if I don't get things cleaned
up I really like you go change yes when
you pee in the potty you get those
treats don't you what are you doing with
him oh don't even oh I'm trying to say
to you guys
trinkle buddy you need a haircut
no yes you do Wow everyone needs a
haircut Cody needs a haircut
Boston needs a haircut javi needs a
haircut and that's kind of our plan for
today is we really want to just give
everyone haircuts and for lunch today
it was totally crappy like we just like
put random things together and had some
lunch when Olivia he's asking you to
help him
well I just picked some gold on my teeth
so if I've been vlogging with stuff my
teeth so be it that is life you're
pretty you're pretty oh you're pretty ah
you're pretty yeah we randomly just like
oh he just rolled over are you crying
man are you kidding me are you kidding
me I'm sitting here talking about stupid
lunch and he rolls over he's exercising
he's working on his glutes right now hmm
Bullingdon I wanted to see if you'll
roll over
ah hey I'm done I want to see play roll
over okay
your mouth is sticky I don't really want
to do you mister I need pants on I'm
gonna put your pants on 16:17 ready or
not here I come if you get them to do I
fine
ha ha ha I got a mutant hey corn I dunno
there's two boysenberry a lot fellas
doing something juicy baby on the
counter
baby look at you you're happy watching
me tradition take your very camera to
Cody I'm okay okay Cody you have to
count with the camera okay okay
eighteen nineteen Burnett here I come
big
in that thank you okay so juicy Boston
Mussina better go find him this is me
see these oh yeah I'll try her new
record okay okay it's magic
I can so the boys are gonna hi okay okay
stand right here
y'all can't right here good night - so
yes it's possible you don't record it
alone so awesome just count for ready so
then come and okay sustain it
you count Boston yeah I count oh oh yeah
okay Gordon you gonna be quick since
since I told ya sometime 18 19 18 19
right here
where are they you know they're Olivia I
know I know go back to your hiding place
yeah not breathing I found you first I
get a true no I have to find Boston I
think I know he is
I thought when they didn't record you to
hide okay I'll tell tell me when you're
ready okay say just say ready when
you're done hiding with Boston okay okay
okay three
the baby group
don't worry area anywhere oh okay wait
okay okay oh go get you okay you're
all faucet let's count this one here all
right goody I can't say can open your
eyes open your eyes and count your name
we'll find a cook at the oil well
perfect
two four six something okay the room
right here 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90
100 ready or not here I come uh-huh got
the dishes done got the table cleared
off mmm okay Joel is home I'm gonna
attempt to take this downstairs I don't
let the kids have food out of the
kitchen but daddy can have whatever he
wants in the basement because he built
that basement so he can do whatever he
want
so he's home and both boys are down for
right now I'm like watching my look
really carefully both boys are taking
doll
both boy psych is a psych no shut it
what is that psycho Seinfeld look I
don't even want to walk over here I came
out to tell you something Bri just
texted me and she's like hey are you
busy and um girl yeah we're busy smoking
up the neighborhood I was like no what's
up and she's like me and Colton wanna
stop by and show you the Scout she wants
to show us Colton's car that he's redone
international scout yeah about actually
I can hear them I can hear than I do
oh I just don't don't you hate oh my
gosh um it's kind of better than I
thought it was gonna be look at Jill's
face its sprung over I knew this is
exactly what he was gonna do like it in
um it's way more huge than I was
thinking like I've seen pictures of it
but it's huge how do you get in there
you just like grab the top and then like
yank yourself up in there yeah totally
cool it's on a mission
Izzy what I do bond look at that then
I'm it's super clean 21 one will go oh
oh I can't look under the hood he can't
reach that high
I need my booster you guys I'm like
dying listen over here high school I had
a 86 Toyota pickup and we walk the front
and rear ends and then I 35 but it
we took the bed off and then put a
flatbed get an EXO cage on it
this is sweet oh yeah all right start
the scout oh my gosh ha Oh best day best
day ever in an international scout look
at this can you see down there how far
that is
it's like a race truck 11 this thing's
so cool bye guys
look at that thing just look at it
that's bigger than Boston Boston could
walk underneath that I'm in heaven and
all this makes me do is want my old Rock
Crawler back and start working on it
again
bond can I can I please have a rock
krawler you guys convince her help her
out look at it oh my word
the worm the worm she used to be so easy
to hold now he's like a bag of snakes
you what you said I was doing this
you're doing the worry
24/7 keep you guy you like that the
Scout was here thank you for bringing
that over that just made my day but I
got to tell you nothing makes the
snowbank look as good as the 97 Geo
Prizm yeah look at that bad boy just
climbed right up on that snowbank huh
huh I probably will have to get the
four-wheeler and pull it out though but
you know what can you do it's a it's a
Geo Prizm thanks dad for making it work
oh yeah well at least we got plenty of
paper toweling that toilet paper but if
you can't tell funny and I both missed
garbage day so we're just getting by to
the next button that's not embarrassing
exactly come here yeah he said I said
you're doing so good possum what did you
say he goes I'm not whining what does it
sound like when you whine I mean you
look at me when you whine what does it
sound like yeah he impersonated it he
goes I'm not whining like this are you
doing a good job mommy's little
barbershop
huh I think I need an upgrade yep yep
when I get an international scout you
can have a
when I get asked out she can have a
barbershop for uh salon deal in the
springtime all of this that you see okay
so when we redid the basement the
laundry room got smaller that's where we
kept a lot of our stuff everything we're
built we're digging a hole underneath
the patio to make a like a storage room
that's where crap is gonna go but I
don't understand when we moved into this
house we had nothing we had like three
empty bedrooms were like will never fill
this house now I'm scared to death to
ever move from here okay
show me your manliness and do the splits
that's pretty good Olivia okay you show
me Boston look at Cody's your jammies
are you look at the like there's like a
panel yeah
it's like it's not penguin pants yeah
they're like MC Hammer pants they're not
stretching everyone to say goodnight
because it is bedtime okay okay wait
we'll take each turn and everybody's
gonna say goodnight your best way sit up
good go to second I gotta get in my bag
I'll put link into bed good night you
guys don't forget we are going to see
you so you want to come and say hi to us
click the link below and we'll that will
take you to get together yeah you don't
come to see dx4 body can you see me good
night
