be scratch daddy's dead I'm scratching
mice scratches bad why do you have
chocolate on your mouth at 8:00 in the
morning it is actually 8:30 I put him to
bed at 7:00 I knew you suck well you
talked in your crib for about 40 minutes
this way can you believe that
your son uh what your son is oh I know
Boston never did Cody was okay and
Olivia was really good at that too and
that's what you're gonna do aren't you
buddy
Jones but Joe's BFF Jones just hanging
out of his BFF this morning anybody
recognize the old-timer norm Abram from
New Yankee Workshop how are you doing
this morning called you to feel better
yeah a little bit yeah we gave him a
bath last night after he threw up and we
put Jules shirt on him because that's
what you wanted to wear huh and you slip
right here on our floor and you have a
little throw-up bucket but you didn't
have to use it did ya do you want to
tell me what that is
steer for the sleds you can spare to the
joke oh that way you don't have to miss
the jump so you're going to tie that to
the ropes and you're gonna steer your
sled when you go sledding oh okay
and that's a big one and what is that
Mike hi Oh what do you think that is
Boston yeah play is that an airplane
thing it's okay he can say what he wants
to say it is yeah
yeah that's not right but he's just
pretending is melon no way one yep he
has a little one and you have the big
one
hi oh my gosh I don't know why I love
when he grabs the camera string I just
love we go find out why Boston so cry
this morning hmm
I'm finding your shell bug honey he just
poopy things yeah
did you poop oh good morning you guys
man
Boston Wade Boston had my camera this
morning and the lens is filthy I know
yeah just drop my fun okay so hope I'm
sure the lens is dirty I'll clean it
after this clip what it's called because
I opened this door and I opened this
door because I just need fresh air in my
house you can see everything is starting
to melt there's like water coming from
the gutters this sidewalks are wet cuz
they're like the ice is melted off of
them anyway so what I am doing right now
is I'm just sweeping the kitchen floor
and I'm turning on my Scentsy doing a
whole bunch of laundry and Cody we just
got him all bathed all of his stuff that
he touched in the washing machine how do
you feel you feel pretty good don't you
let me see your face let me see your
face you look like you have better color
in you do you feel better do you still
feel sick a little a little you know I'm
glad you're feeling better I think he
just had an upset tummy like I don't
think he has the flu or anything I think
he just had a few throw-up episodes and
then he was done so anyway I just want
some fresh air in the house that's all I
want
so Lincoln's taking a nap and we're Jo
and I are like
tag-teaming the housework really quick
just so we can enjoy the day in a
cleanup I see without put me look at
love up okay I told that Ellie would
keep our hands all nice and clean so we
don't get each other sick but I don't
think we'll get anyone sick I think and
it will be okay how's that feel
do you love it when I put lotion on your
face no why yeah looks so refreshing and
nice to have someone to be okay Ren
love you all right kids are you ready
for the trek to go into the chick-fil-a
clear down there do you see where he
makes us park to rexburg people we're
gonna dip my truck I know that I'm a
little picky I don't like parking next
to people but he really doesn't like
parking next to people
well hey fancy seeing you here vigil
uh-huh
first one in buys lunch don't you fall
asleep don't you fall asleep don't you
be parking too close to me Jerrod
don't you be parking too close to me hey
here's my favorite boys you guys look
cute there's a lot of cute bunnies I
wiped your bum I wiped your bum I wiped
your butt yer bum and I'm probably gonna
wipe your bum when you're old I'll be
wiping your butt lady yeah that's so
true if anyone's gonna be wiping
anyone's butts when they're old he's
gonna be wiping mine I'm so weak I'm
weak you guys some of the rest on you
I'll move in with you sherry bed
that's what the owner of Jack's iron oil
did I took care of his wife had
Alzheimer's and he moved in with her
into the Alzheimer's unit and lived with
her there it's a true story
yeah you have other cute you want to
hold the door open for me you do see Oh
hold the door open for these gentlemen
go ahead waiting for your buddy okay
here they come aren't you just the
sweetest young world he did
should we go sledding sometime soon this
year for the jungle good morning Jackson
oh my
good morning Calvin finding out and good
morning Lincoln did you take a good nap
this morning two hours OMG yours was
like one hour not that great
trying to do two things at once a why
really really want to give the super
ring cleaned up today what are you doing
but he wants to hold my hoodie string
sir oh he's got your Street yeah oh that
covers a lot yeah good he knows just
where to go No or maybe he doesn't think
it's a good thing he doesn't Boston just
went peepee in the potty
so we're getting him one of the treats
that dad's got honey Boston what kind of
treat did you say you wanted Oh dad have
adults you want the same tree that dad
had didn't you yeah you did look what I
have and what did you say you wanted to
show do you want to show the mirror that
treat yeah so Boston likes to show the
mirror things huh I get this you got
that it's pretty cruel that's pretty
cool
yes that is pretty cool can you eat it
yeah and either mer
he wants to show the other mirror she
can't stand Miller we don't have a mere
downstairs can you just eat it because
you can't take it downstairs hmm yep
that's food do we take food out of the
kitchen
no you got to have food in the kitchen
give me five don't stare at it but I'm
beautiful
we just got here to Ellie and Jared
Ellie night oh you did you way with your
hair
Jared is getting the bats look set up
for us Ellie and I are gonna watch The
Bachelor and have treats Joanne I
stopped at Jamba Juice really quick I
have been loving their green smoothies
this one tastes it yeah I'm not so green
I think I got one the other day is so
funny because you guys it just a minute
yeah this one okay this one is the
ginger one and the ginger one burns my
throat it hurt me hey Sarah
take yeah it's so bad no it's so bad
it's so bad there's like there's an
agreement a stylet
yeah it's very potent what's the one I
usually get it's like a full disease
instead light saw you had those on here
this is a all juice drink and it's totes
good you finish it no have it I want you
to I'm gonna ruin my night so good
popcorn oh crap okay
oh yeah so these two are going to the
movies they're gonna go see Zoolander 2
what where we have I don't know Mandy
they're going on man band-aid that we're
going on man
yeah these are asleep literally be quiet
so sweet we're gonna do nothing because
oh we don't normally word is loud but
it's like I don't want anyone waking up
Oh No
so we're gonna end our night thank you
guys for watching see you later that's
what they do
