when Olivia was 2 years old we took her
all by herself
Ted / leader with her little baby curly
hair no peanut butta Henry we took you
to Jack's pizza and then we took you to
see the baby ducks at the store all by
yourself and then yeah we went to the
movie theater and we got popcorn and
drinks and what movie did we see I came
from the name of it is the dr. Seuss it
was a doctor sinsa with the trees yeah
the tree pork no no I can't remember so
he took you to see that movie and that
was our little baby Olivia date and then
when Cody was 2 years old
we got a babysitter for Olivia and we
took a little baby Cody to Chili's and
we went to dinner and we got him his own
little drink and it was so fun and then
you know what we did we went to a hockey
game oh I remember that I can remember
when I went to the hockey and you were
so cute and little and you've had you
found this little teeny what was it
little motorcycle and you carried that
motorcycle around the hockey game and
you ran around and you're playing and
you had so so much fun where you and who
is 2 years old now and then we're gonna
do Boston as two years old so guess what
we're doing today we got a babysitter
for Olivia and Cody and Boston or
Lincoln and you kids are gonna stay home
and we're gonna me grab him Jim look
here we go
so we're gonna leave you two kids home
today with a babysitter and we're gonna
take Boston Boston dinner and to a
hockey game I know and you know what I
think maybe some time it would be fun to
take all of us but we're just takin old
Boston way dough to your old date on his
little two-year-old date and
we are you gonna be course like yes yes
that's where you went ice-skating so can
you kids be really good for your
babysitter you go let go
look no really when the daddy told me it
have a problem
he loves babies love hoodie strings I
just do see the dexterity like you want
him to grab anything else no no but the
dexterity when it comes to grabbing a
string Elbaz I think it is Matt I'm
gonna put you in a corner and you're
gonna sit there for two hours we're
gonna clean up the house and get ready
for and get ready for our babysitter to
come when we just lay out the how are
you guys can go out in the snow yeah
yeah I got myself a good your snow pants
on know what I'm gonna give them my love
yeah you better go out the snow students
such a pouty little guy it's not gonna
snow isn't gonna be here much longer but
why don't you go out and play in the
snow with Olivia and all clean up bass
oh yeah guys pants on first buddy can't
can't you're going out like that only
dad can go like that shoot okay this
bitch pants on cue vamps on hey go over
that big fat bum here we go
ah should we get your hair done she'll
get your hair done for your big date go
you can't go if you don't your hair done
he's a bra pockets all tucked in there
Jesus a breath you want your fly down
wrong
fighting out what you got in your hand
let me see what is it brother come here
let me see it oh hi can't even see a
dream it's green right let's see what
kind mmm
see how cool it is hold on there we go
okay that's a cool
oh my god
this is about the exact same height I
remember Olivia bien yeah
and Cody get going believe me I've been
done too though Olivia had her little
rest on this is about how big they are
when they go on a special date first
first and last yes because I'm about
ready to leave him home already cuz he's
being a turd and he's screaming and he
was crying because he wanted dad to put
his shoes on not mom I just like Daddy
okay but no no no daddy good job we got
you some cakes out of dinner man Jeff
Kloster do you know what we're gonna do
after this we're gonna go walk egain do
you know what a hog do you yes he's on
what what what
so nobody happenin what put a hobby
hockey booty happy
how many pieces to kill him
- six seven eight nice job on pizza it's
growing it's you guys I'm really sorry
if you guys feel chilly
this is on their lighter menu it's like
a mango spicy tilapia it's cool
I love it I get a lot when I come here
losing like 500 calories because this is
not no yes want me to record their beak
or
take a drink I know make it look like a
record you alright give me a show how is
it you guys he's been terrible tonight
he's terrible he's just I don't know
he's hungry when we brought the other
kids they were just barely two just over
two and he's almost three and the other
kids were super super Stewie and he's
like annoying terrible threes he's so
dang cute but he's kind of being naughty
just talking fast yeah
busting what one did you want what one
did you say you wanted black yes that is
a bus well when did you say you wanted
your blips move out of the way
we're like blocking traffic here
what are you want all of these he says
you just this is your aisle oh my word
yet what about look at those gumdrops um
well yeah of course you do Oh Boston
look at this is his little carton here
we're not getting these but he has a
short bus along bus and two
four-wheelers
he got mine he got my months go with mom
follow bomb baby killing every time he's
looking down
right here right here there's nobody
there boy
ya better come to this one Boston this
way
basta he's so stinking happy right now
what Ryan Reynolds sucks his dad alive I
have to agree false
I believe this is how the thing should
look something like this can fit in
okay Boston community hey you missed us
again but come on what drink is in there
doll doll hairs
hey what you got there what you got
Moorea lers 4-wheelers okay go put it up
on there you got put it up on there you
got to put it up on there so he can take
it off for us yeah okay blame that guy
okay go over there with mom go go put
your card away
headache
have a smile
are you ready to go home
are you ready to go get your jammies on
is that fine funding here was a good
time yes come back wow you didn't
we had a super fun time at the game and
we're leaving just to here early because
I think we're just ready to go home and
get Boston down to bed but he was like
good night to everybody
yeah good night did you have fun on your
date
we had fun on the date with you too you
do it again wait wave goodbye mom we
seriously have to get to work yeah and I
don't know where we can cross yeah
this is kind of a long trek out here to
our car anyway we had a really fun time
tonight I will see you guys in our next
video have a good well what days is
going up Monday all right guys I got a
book
don't drop their hair help me man
seriously quick big falling okay have a
good start to your week you guys bye
