we are trying to pass a little bit of
time today and I got a package in the
mail and I do have to smile huge when I
got it because last year I didn't think
I was getting anything for Valentine's
Day and Joel mailed me something because
he was going to be at work and for
Valentine's Day he is going to be
working and we didn't really have time
to do anything this weekend and oh he
mailed me a package and I just got it in
the mail so we're gonna try and open it
for you guys
oh I texted him and I said you want me
to wait for Sunday to open it and he
said no it's a weekend survival kit you
guys I'm trying to open this and I
really can't come here Cody he came here
help me open it you want to rip it up in
yeah well not by yourself you're gonna
help me and he says for me and the kids
so I'm kind of excited
Ellie he is so cute okay
hold on hold on oh look he's gonna be
sad I told Olivia to hurry and walk her
friend home and she didn't and he's
missing out he got the Wizard of Oz hold
on this one says oh this one is for all
of us so let's see hold on hold on
Boston c'mere let me see let me see
so there's a bagging Mandy oh okay he's
gonna go look at it in the mirror oh
Bedknobs and Broomsticks
so joel is a little old-school he likes
the old-school movies wait over here it
says don't eat too many cuz he knows
when I have these I eat like the whole
bag okay hold on
for the swedish fish he says get that
fish out of my face he's referring to
what's the movie uh what company i'm the
worst out of my face
that's not Jolie right okay Oh does that
one say anything oh yes it does look
haha
instead of Jolly Rancher Julie okay you
can open it the cutest stuff he's so
cute
he knows that I get really oh because
these weekends are long these weekends
are so long but is it okay you hold the
camera hold the camera for Mama and I'll
open this let's see because I don't know
what's in here I don't want him to rip
okay you can sit right here
what okay uh-huh so it says Bonnie
Olivia pockets pony party Austin wait
behind me hold on and I'll get you one
okay let's see what these cards are
these is like you okay come here
we yes watch let's see
says strength smarts determination
you've got it all
open it up open it up says Cody Clark
you're a chip off the old block I see so
much of me and you and I see you're
wrong too I love you my boy love dad
and look I know what this is let's open
it up here hold the camera yeah
how are you laughing Eliot boss oh
they're driving me crazy
I am trying to do this like happily and
nice and I'm more excited than the kids
possibly and I'm just like being I let
me open your presents this is a bracelet
it's a place for it it's a man bracelet
here let's put it on you let's put it on
you and then you can go show aunt Ellie
to be honest do we gotta keep Boston
wait'll I love your big face you can
boost the two and your willingness to
tag along with dad and
where or everywhere look you have a
bracelet to we're going to figure out
how to open this though this is the
cutest thing in the world this is a card
just for you it says Olivia pockets you
are so creative and fun friendly to
everyone and such a good little mom I
love you love dad oh my gosh and look
that's your bracelet I had no idea
Joel's gonna be doing this I am so
excited
shall we he says dawn it shows a hold on
it says youtube.com slash Vani Helene Oh
right here woman OH
so here's this one and it says happy
heart day Lincoln Roy my boy I love you
you are such a big part of our family
even though you're so small love dad I
am dying I am dying
you want this you just want to eat all
of our dreams and you know what you are
always such a good share with us we're
going to share with you a humor listen
there's a camera he'll Cal you like the
boxes you in it here okay hold on we
have one work hard to read yeah you
added chocolate no yep they're totally I
eat all the chocolates you want eat all
the chocolates you want I don't care
what you do yes Edom oh okay you guys I
am just really sure you come read out
loud
I know uh I might have to do some
editing what does that say I'm not sure
what the boos are I don't even know what
it says I already think it's funny but I
know I know I'd like to be in them with
you thank you sir cute
Bonnie I'm going to show you because I
think his handwriting is so cute my
hands are shaking I feel Bonnie
Griffis howleen I have never written a
letter to a celebrity so sorry if I'm
nervous
Bonnie I love you and I'm grateful for
the wonderful way you work to make our
marriage good and our lives happy you
are my rock and all that it is in my
life
stems from you happy Valentine's Day
Joel sweat what jokes Thank You angel
Josephine I used we used to call Joel
Josephine Josephine aka Joel you're so
hot I couldn't find our usual cards but
this one will do we usually have the
yesteryears I have a whole bunch of life
left right he never did cards growing up
we just handed em oh yeah mystic cards
Joel does card yeah like stop yes I've
never bought in an official like card
card before this is totally a holy thing
and I think it's a to you Olivia did you
see the movies data I guarantee he got
The Wizard of Oz just for you look come
here
oh look at all this he told me when I
textual I said I got a package but I'm
gonna wait to open it till tomorrow when
you're at work on Valentine's Day and he
said no he's like it's a weekend
survival kit for you and the kids this
is so much fun and he actually mailed it
I got it in the mail today it cost him
$10 to ship it to us well if you just
give me the box because he knows I love
mail he honestly knows how much I love
to get packages in the mail and I know
that's why he sent it
not fish out of my face
Ellie I'm so excited here I know I went
on I know I wanted to share it with you
guys this is fun we've been hanging out
today Ellie and I and the kids we all
went up sledding and if you want to see
how awful it was Ellie biffed it I
picked it and art my tailbone hurts so
bad
Ellie's bat hurts so bad oh we're all
don't look like a moba I know I totally
am too I'm gonna put the kids have a
mush bat mom know what you know I have
some bubble bath all you can you guys
say thank you too daddy
yeah isn't that the sweetest thank you
daddy
Lincoln Roy boy is taking his nap he's
taking him very long good now
I honestly this whole weekend or this
whole week I thought I wonder if Joel's
gonna give me anything for Valentine's
Day I guess secretly hoping you would
Rose okay if you didn't anyway this
surpassed anything that I thought I
don't even know when he did is I'm gonna
have to ask me when he do that let me
see all your bracelets put him out so
cool so cool
cool grandma Helene let me see puts a
little puzzle grandma named Joe you got
paw patrol heads are and you got a polka
and you got a puzzle and grand the Holy
made these because she knows the kids
love them she is the sweetest is so nice
and then these little look we each get
our own little candy heart treat oh I
want these howdy hey what do you guys
think of that can they eat them
can you tell grandma thank you yes we
can open them
Oh sweetie Bentley now she was even nice
we were talking about fish oil and she
sent us some fish oil you kids get your
dollars wha them up and stick them in
your piggy banks grandma howleen sent
you a card with five dollars a piece in
them
can you get that in there put them in
there go ahead oh oh help each other out
can Olivia help you Boston can Olivia
help you get that in there oh yeah let
him do it
and you just help him out my grandma
Joel's mom set the kids a card yes
ground the whole een sent a card with
five dollars for each of the kids in
them I just wanted to show you how
pretty grandma holy is handwriting is so
this is from grandma Kerrigan grandma
Kerrigan is these kids is great grandma
and she you guys have met her a couple
of times before so on Valentine's Day
grandma howleen usually makes sugar
cookies and I remember the first couple
of packages the first couple of years we
were married um Joel's grandma sent us
these homemade sugar cookies and Joel
would say I love the taste of my grandma
sugar cookies I love them and they would
come all crumbled because they came in
the mail but we need him and I need
every last crumb boy she sent us a card
with ten dollars in it and she said she
said buy a treat
grandma Kerrigan Oh spit up oh my
goodness lots of babies spit up I just
got spit up all over that was very kind
of Joel's grandma she is getting very
old and I don't think she could make
cancer on this yes young good dawn I
don't know about you guys but I am
totally feeling the love I hope you guys
have a happy Valentine's Day
