today I am gonna do something the bonnie
and i have talked about doing for a long
time we are starting my own personal
segment on the bonnie howleen channel
what I think is pretty cool because what
is so cool anyway it's called manly
things today I'm going to start today by
taking the kids out I'm taking Olivia
Cody in Boston with me and we're going
to go like the manliest store ever Home
Depot hello and we are gonna go and do
one of a projects with the kids and
we're gonna have a lot of fun but I
wanted to start this to demonstrate that
all the things that I that I hobbies
that I have that make me feel tough and
like a guy they that's not me being a
man me being a man is taken care of
Bonnie and Cody and Olivia and Boston
and Lincoln Roy and see that right there
that that is a sign a manly man is that
little guy running around in your
background and anyway we're gonna get
started we're gonna have fun and I think
there's a lot of other things we're
going to show on this segment but this
is manly things by Joel the lean on the
body holding channel
I saw that they get little Homer like
aprons or work belts for the kids so
excited are you guys excited yeah you do
okay come on guys we this looked like
there's a huge crowd of all the little
kids down there and all my three are
going this is so manly so manly okay you
just want to hold this is all he wants
just the hold dad's hand that's like I'm
the man these things Evers hold your
child's hand I don't know we'll see you
got your money's no well then how are we
gonna pay you
oh okay do I have monies a little bit
hey your dip you figured that out by
yourself huh okay but let's put it like
this I don't think it's gonna stand okay
just like that
okay now let's lay it flat like that
there we go just like that okay we'll
get a napkin okay you got your stuff
look at your apron show me your apron
yep that's what we'll do next okay
Boston what did you want to do all day
paint look at you code that's a nice
blue
oh that's yellow that's nice Olivia what
colors yours why oh oh you're gonna do a
different color on the other side how
come you chose pink because you're a
girl you love pink how come you like
yellow you love yellow okay show me your
vest
show me your aprons everybody
oh that's good
very good
I've never done one of these before I've
never I've always seen them never come
to a before from the looks of it I think
this will be fun enough a monthly thing
I guess they go every first Saturday of
every month how do you know that
everything's free
you can't veto and land their store on
earth the Home Depot okay well switch in
just a minute he's just finishing his up
ok Co Boston should I help ya your hands
yeah only in Boston wants to do is play
in the paint so hard to not let it do
you like the paint like third just is
just got to get pricey but they're here
it's just time all I want to do if I
tried straightening it out that's so mad
it look at they see Olivia turn around
see the other side okay so I just come
around oh you did an art work on yours
that's pretty cool like a rainbow
totally let's see yours another one
we'll come back and do another project
this one's so well I covered it think
everybody's coming
workout water but it's worth it huh and
he keeps rubbing his face with his
belated hands you know it has to be a
good thing for the kids when Dad is
slightly stressed but the kids are still
having fun and are enjoying themselves
did you guys have fun yeah you want to
go do it again should we go do it again
be careful on those tree houses the tree
house is okay stay in your seats
okay I think that was just successful
manly things went and you know you give
up your time so the kids can have a good
time and and be honest I really do that
a good time there's fun sitting there
watching them hammer and nail and paint
I cringed when they painted a little bit
but it's fun and it's worth it and and
that's that as part of being a man to me
that is I feel like man say I'm a man
yeah Alfie wimpy not really man hey I'm
a man hey
yeah boston's man cody's man living a
woman no okay
