sheera go say good morning she would go
say good morning to the boys let's go
say good morning to the boys to the boys
do that boys do that boys F way is that
your airplane have you been playing with
it this morning
yeah see that bottle
Cody was very insistent on keeping it
today and I was told him nog told him to
go get in the garbage can wasn't really
thinking and he wanted to keep it
because he knew just what he was gonna
do with the oh he's he's missing for the
camera oh look oh I wish you could see
what's going on behind the camera you
keep trying to grab my he keeps trying
to grab this like he did I think you
just wants to play with that listen oh
you goofy boy should we tell him what
you did this morning this morning you
told Olivia before everyone was up he
went in and got Olivia and said I have
to go potty so Olivia took his diaper
off and what did you do nope I had a
buddy of any Italian that I don't know
oh that's how the story went did you go
potty on the toilet yeah very imaginary
and then you guys watched a movie and
Olivia put your diaper on for you okay
let's see oh yeah he didn't knock it
over there not strong enough to knock it
over oh oh D oh yes I contacted a guy
that's making me a piece of furniture to
go right here just the perfect size that
will put stuff in so this will look a
little nicer and if we like his work
that he does here that will mattress
will own the garbage eventually and he
might built me a desk to go right here
can you make kind of fun yeah
I'm gonna try and ease away oh you want
to try to hit the lid yeah what are you
saying you love that he loves that are
you getting ready code yeah okay go
ahead
yeah you have got to be kidding me
hey I want okay now I need to look at
your face while you do it
oh I was waiting to see if he closed
both eyes I thought he was aiming with
both eyes open I thought your dad's
gonna be so proud of you no no Cory if I
wasn't your mama I'd marry you okay Oh
one-handed like this ever
I you'd have a fly that airplane I'd
marry you too good grief I have some
handsome amazing boys let me see
do you know I oh he is such a show-off
Grandma and Grandpa are gonna love this
Oh doggy oh is that your that's your
that's your uh that's your little gun
huh
what and you ruin the bullet by chewing
on it and you knew you would makes me oh
my dad and I cured it I know and I was
mad at you yeah I told him that last
night
when you screaming forth out my place oh
yeah one more oh no look at me into it
one wink and you have something for the
boys you save something for them just
extra special oh why did you do in my
candy and I knew they were gonna
complain so I got so you saved that for
them is this for them to share or do
they each get one bag you ain't one of
them
little piggy let me see your bag let me
see so your class didn't make Valentine
boxes see you guys just advantage' like
I thought oh well when I was a kid we
each had our homemade boxes and we need
them out not at school and mine were
always really really terrible let's see
oh dear oh dear oh I thought your oh you
have that's happened okay go ahead look
what my teacher gave us Oh
oh that's really cool heck yes we love
pizza pie cafe oh there on my birthday
guess what the boys are at wiggle worm
with Bri and so we're gonna go right now
I we're gonna go I'm gonna take you
right there good I peek can I take that
candy do you know what we will have
candy when we get back let's put it on
the counter and surprise him when we get
home we took Lincoln and Boston to the
doctor's today Lincoln for his checkup
and he
the fifth percentile male for his weight
and height which I thought was really
good considering he was in life and
negative anyway so Bree is at are we
matching the possum if he was has what
am i yeah yeah she's looks like mine has
flowers and years has holes so we got to
get our shoes on put your shoes on and
go potty and we're gonna go meet the
boys at wiggle worm a little and the
last time me and my friends came here we
went and got Cafe Rio and when we showed
up we had no utensils so today when I
went to pick up Cafe Rio I was like you
make sure crashing mutants is a mission
we get here we has a salad I have a
burrito and we have no utensils the fury
that ran through my blood I see her soon
as like what we supposed to just not get
either hands Amy since I had to run back
to the gas station breach and care of a
blowout
you
did you put together those beds with the
blocks and then what at the monkey and
you have each a can of food don't check
it after that except for down and you
made Cody go find just something didn't
you
good job you guys it's time to go and
I'm like terrified to tell him I don't
want the kids like screaming it's like
most of the time they do pretty good
like I know they're not done playing but
it's time to go and I just felt like
hysteretic cuz I hate the fight when
you're out somewhere especially in
public I hate the fight I was getting
out in the garage today to do some work
take some garbage out just just do a
little chores around the house on my day
off and I realized apparently I'm
married to the whole I came back to my
door in my garage and the whole door
handle was ripped off and broken off and
I text Bonnie hey what happened to the
door and then she said
Bonnie smash I do not think mash then
what happened Hulk if you I don't dare
touch is dirty I thought I would do
something nice for Joel at any time I
did anything nice for Joel I just get
ticked because I can't do it so I was
pullin hope I hope is that oil or is I
just like yeah just good we'll just say
it ran out I wanted a shot I already got
a new one we're good he did yeah
we gotta get stuff done around here I
had the garbage can and I was pulling it
and there's a pole I need to show
there's a whole bunch of snow out there
anyway had the garbage can I was just
like the door-handle of flying it was
like I didn't I didn't know which door
handle it was at first so I looked
inside I thought it was the other end of
the bench
haha yeah I was trying to do something
nice for the garbage cans away for you
and it just did not turn out yeah all
the way that was nice and it broke your
door we didn't like that door handle
anyway okay you ready to do this let's
go do some chores let's go dude let's go
adult go adult
we're gonna go adult get our adults on
no no we just dropped off the suburban
to get serviced and I got in this car
which I actually this was my very first
car that I bought so all through high
school I had saved up I just like had
money and I don't know this so this is
the car that I bought when I first went
to college I was here by myself without
a car for the first part of this I'm
here almost for almost a year yeah and I
just rode my bike everywhere but this is
the right girl hopping rides with boys
and I rode my bike everyday to work
thank you those were the best flag years
of my life
so long the job back in the car out he
knew we were going to be getting in one
because I know he probably didn't want
me to be mad like if I saw the inside
with it because I'm usually what happens
probably wanted to get mad and then too
he was like it's kind of like a day
where I mean a gig to go do our taxes
anything is a date any time we're alone
it's like what date a date to go to
rolls or something it knows we're on our
way to do text what is the last time you
sat in this car a long time I bet it's
been over a year
no it has not been over a year I went
and got food threats in this car and I
was frigid oh you had to come rescue me
on my four-wheeler yes oh yeah yeah yeah
forgot about that
me yeah I don't even know what that
means sorry I just came out here to
assure did you want to tell everyone
your joke oh yeah do they know no I
don't know they know it though yeah
Jackson calls you uncle choo-choo could
you would you like Jared and Ellie were
out of town so I text Jared and I'm on
guess what he's over chicken butt and
then I'm all guess who and he's all
chicken poo and I said no uncle do
and it was hilarious and we laughed a
lot I think people in the bank that we
were retarded we were laughing pretty
good so for our fine mint I was gonna
say for our viewing pleasure not for our
viewing pleasure
here we go we're gonna be early light
refreshment like light refreshment while
we get our taxes done we're gonna be
very early we went over to Ellie and
Jared's and we're like okay you can put
your kids mitt and we're gonna go find
us a treat so we're trying to find a
good treat to take over and we have no
idea cheesecake always sounds good yeah
that always sounds good little
individual I definitely think we should
get a mini individual one and share that
and then maybe get like brownies okay
well he's thinking we're gonna close the
vlog so we can just
the rest of our evening
but I wanted to remind you guys that we
are going to see this I told him go I'm
gonna be there oh yeah that was a
question they will people want to know
is the whole family gonna be that the
whole family's gonna be there oh yeah
that's crazy that's insane to me
everybody you guys I'm a little nervous
and the only reason I'm nervous and this
is where I was telling Ellie and Jared
is that I'm nervous because I'm not cool
like I'm not cool and I like I look at
the lineup of people that are going and
they seem really cool pretty cool
creators people are just people so
that's like what I'm keeping in my mind
you don't need to worry about it you'll
be with me thank you but I'm excited I'm
really excited to go anything
I'll put CVX lives I will put the link I
know I'm texting come on it's photo the
link that you click on to my vid tickets
if you're gonna come see us yeah come
down to it have some fun
have a good night guys we'll see you
later bye
