today is a special day because it's her
best manners party isn't it so we make
sure your hair is nice and done everyone
wears their best dress at school and
they have a nice manners party like a
tea party huh but with no tea
yeah it's like juice okay let's get you
come on and do you know what book Olivia
likes to read Olivia likes to read Fancy
Nancy and you look fancy no I don't
trying to be on our level
ah get your coat on get your coat on
beam to get more a arcus yeah so I can
get one we helped with your hair you
look so fancy yeah that's the problem
with lipstick as you get hair that sort
please yes you for Connors but we'll put
it right here for her okay let me take a
look at chap oh my goodness who is
texting me that early are you kidding me
okay you look so beautiful
good morning you've been talking in here
for 25 minutes that's my camera string
are you trying to grab that that's my
camera shake you like to sleep in and
when you wake up you wake up happy
Boston woke up screaming demon since the
day he was born every morning he'd wake
up so huh me your dad yeah that's what
you got my camera stream your sweetie oh
you look so beautiful this morning
you're stinky I can smell a stinky poopy
diaper maybe that's why you're happy you
hungry
it's like I know that's not
food you got your arms out let go let go
you got your arms out just likes to
throw things at my wall but I finished
buddy we're watching you got a new oh
you're jumping to my couches the oh my
oh my wow that seems better oh dear okay
let ma know don't stand on the arm of
the chair get down Boston you didn't
listen don't tell all right focus focus
on me
 saw me Boston Wade do you
have a diaper on no where's your diaper
oh my goodness and what did you do when
you took your diaper off I go pee in
there I'm not even potty training him
and this is what he's doing he is potty
training himself you guys this is insane
how he get the tree so he's been giving
me all these signs I feel so bad I'm
putting the camera on my face right now
he Boston has been giving me all sorts
of signs that he is ready to be potty
trained he tells me when he wants to go
potty he'll pee in his diaper and he'll
say mom changed me change me and I
haven't done anything with it because I
haven't wanted to
I just haven't wanted to yeah and you
have been potty training yourself
yeah you're not gonna siting there with
water oh I can't believe your potty
training yourself yeah get my dog off
oh my and what did you do after that
Oh Bobby did you flush it
yeah we're yeah that's what I'm
wondering
Cody what if he pees is look what we
have where did you get those and I kind
of it oh ah yes out of your closet but
did Santa Claus bring those to you and
what are they and they're your car
underwear should we put him on yeah okay
you guys I was not expecting to be home
here help me out you gotta help me out
hey I was not expecting to be in
full-blown I love them you love them I
was not expecting to be in full-blown
potty training mode today but that is
just what's happening k pull him all the
way up so they're nice and afonya yeah
he's got to give his undies on let's see
turn around let me see you bum bum oh
well he's gonna try his very best not to
okay laughing dude those are so handsome
look how handsome those are on yours
cute little body you can't lose you
praise yep those are kind of like your
new swimsuit but we're gonna do our very
best not to pee in our new car underwear
are we yeah do you think you if you feel
like you got to go potty
let's go on the potty and not in our
pants not in my family not in your blue
jammies I can't believe it here and not
in your new car underwear no anyway yep
not in your new car and where I can't
believe we're doing this this is not on
the agenda
yeah angel blasted tonight he has to
always tell me
you have to break me up and he hasn't
tell me if you have to go potty or not
oh brother I can't why dude you know
what you are so sweet to be even
thinking about this I'll put a diaper on
him when he goes to sleep but during the
day we'll try real hard in his new
underwear oh you Pig - I peek on me here
oh yeah there's hair in the toilet am i
under lay oh did you fart in your
underwear like a blast yet I don't think
we need to wash it if you farted in it
just don't poop in it que hay que could
you oh yeah look it was just like
nonchalantly taking her dice she's
ignoring me Olivia how was your party
was it good
okay put that on the ground is that just
a stick did your okay I'll let you have
it in here climbing your seats hi
sweetie
Oh Olivia how was your um Tea Party it
was it good long swing fee don't forget
rumors
right now we are on our way down to my
mom's house we are going to drop BRE off
with the kids and Ellie was so gracious
enough to come with me today so I
feeling nervous I'm like time to tell
you guys what I'm doing and where we're
going and I just feel a little bit
nervous and not that I feel nervous but
I just have a lot of emotions about
where we're going so in high school I
had some really amazing friends and they
were a set of triplets it was Kayleigh
and Carissa and then Kyle their brother
and I grew up all with Kyle and then
later when I got to junior high in high
school I went to junior high in high
school with the other two anyway they
had an older sister named Mandy Mandy
their older sister she was a Utah Jazz
dancer she was Miss Roy she was good at
everything she did she's done my nails a
few times
she had what she thought was a wart on
the bottom of her foot and after she had
tried a bunch of home remedies with it
it was just getting worse and worse she
went to the doctor and they told her
that she had stage 4 melanoma cancer and
she fought really hard for six months
and she died last week and I feel I just
feel because the thought of losing one
of my sisters is just probably more than
I could take and so I'm just feeling for
her family right now she has two young
boys and I don't know that the Garcia
family is who they are and they were so
good to me they've always been good to
me and I'm just really feeling
sad for them right now so Ellie and I
are we're going to go to her viewing
tonight and that's where we're going
he's going to stay at my mom's and watch
the kids and
that's where we're off to Brie just left
we had quite the teamwork tonight we
came home and um she fed the kids while
I went and fed the baby she cleaned up
the kitchen while I put the kids in
their bed and now she is off the kids
are in bed and it is seven oh six I
think that was pretty stinking good I
usually put my kids to bed around 7:00
um but tonight I am so grateful that I
went to went down to this it wasn't even
it wasn't a funeral it wasn't a viewing
it was a celebration of life is what
they were doing they were celebrating
Mandy and I am just so grateful that I
went because I really was kind of
debating it like I thought oh I don't
want to drive down an hour drive back an
hour you know it cuz it got a little
crazy in the car the kids are screaming
babies were crying things got a little
hectic by the time we got home but I'm
really grateful that I went it just felt
really good to see people that I love
and to see how many people were there I
have no clue what size my funeral would
be and truthfully it does not matter but
her tonight she was celebrated there
were so many people I'm so glad that
Ellie came with me thank you guys so
much for your love and your support and
I just appreciate you guys watching
these videos and being a part of my life
I wanted to announce this with Joel but
he has been working the last couple of
days and I wanted to let you guys know
that I'm going to see the X Lou I did
not think I was going to get an
invitation to this but I got an email
and when they emailed me I replied back
on Mike um I've been secretly hoping you
would invite me smiley face and then
they replied back all very what's it
called
I don't know big I shouldn't have added
this my face I don't know for gonna be
Steve's larve if you guys want to come
and see us say hi to us I'm gonna put
the information down below you can
follow that I think you can buy tickets
through there not really sure click on
the link and you'll figure it out but
we're going to CVX live
