Boston look at your window do you see
how pretty the sky looks out there this
morning
good morning you guys today I am going
down to get my hair done which is why I
haven't done it yet and I am bringing a
date me are you ready to be my date
yeah we have a few things we need to
drop off to an Ellie though oh not I'm
showing you the coat there's a plate
under there show me a plate in your hand
these are my great common more instance
plate and we're using these in our
cookbook that we're doing and Ellie's
gonna do a photoshoot with my mom today
and I won't be there for it but that's
okay I'll get it taken care of where are
you going today what are you doing
do you know what the dump smells like
it's stinky it's a little bit of a drive
to get where we're going and so I said
Boston you need to pack a bootie back so
he's got his little animal here and
inside his backpack let's see what we
got here we've got a puzzle to do for
when we get there we have a coloring
book we have some magna tiles a few
little toys and then inside his pillow
he's got some wet pop yep I got just
Marshall oh you did his check okay chill
was so sweet this morning he went and
got me gas before I left which I thought
was really sweet this week okay so I was
like okay I don't need to stop Boston
was like okay no are we gonna stop and
get a treat for the drive I'm like no
this time I don't think we're going to
and he like he didn't whine which is why
I changed my mind but he just like tried
really hard not to crying he's like but
what if my tummy he gets so hungry on
the drive there he's like I remember how
long it takes to get there you're not
getting that let's put that back let's
go over and to the smaller bags this
kind of has the big bags anyway she was
like my tummy's gonna be so hungry I'm
like okay bye oh and I just remembered
just now I did tell him that we would
give him like a fun drink like one of
those I know they have an all apple
juice one if I can find it would you
choose um by do kids choose the worst
okay let's see
so put the gun down let's see if we can
find you like a sucker do you want like
oh you were thinking like one of those
huh
dude are super good are these no these I
love those I'm not gonna get a treat but
I'm gonna get you a treat okay go put
your tooth up there do you have money to
give are you helping daddy edit huh the
Lincoln can put his own headphones in
hope that one fell out your ears are
just two little ears are just too little
do you guys want to hear what Boston
just asked me Boston what did you ask me
say alone
you want to know what we're gonna call
today's video that we're recording what
do you want to call it date with mom
that's pretty good at a title we're
gonna have to get a really good thumb
nut for that
whenever
go put your dog in your bed hurry you
can bring your minion you can't bring
the doggy why is it smell so fresh in
here huh oh let's see that binky nap
times over we gotta give him the binky
meet Olivia Cody and Lincoln all just
got back from the car wash and I told
them we're gonna clean out the suburban
home to get home we're gonna pull all
the garbage out everything just clean up
the mats and all that and they left me
you're the only one that stayed with me
but you got a sucker
you're gonna stay outside with me I
think you need to stay outside with me
so I don't feel all alone don't pal
it'll be okay everybody ditched me it's
not near like you said it's not near
there it's a little dark and normal but
I was thinking like I look like
Wednesday from The Addams Family Monday
or Tuesday it's a little lighter than
Wednesday oh my gosh when I look at
myself I wanna puke I think I've shared
this little ditty of advice before
you're ever detailing a car use the
brush with the bristles they get into
everything and they clean it out really
really well and if you really really
really want to go crazy detailing your
car use an air compressor that's what
the pros use some days don't you just
feel like deja vu I have my extension
cord wrapped around my body and the shop
vac apparently the kids have started a
dog walking service better get going bye
Lola Lincoln sorry bud you can't go get
back your cowboy
in a road you can't go in the road you
get back here right now hurry reah reah
reah reah reah RiRi
did you go ask if you could walk her dog
honey what did she say well do you like
snow on you know Lincoln was so mad when
he thought the kids were gonna leave
without him I'm like well I guess you
guys are gonna push him in the stroller
boss Lincoln he's not gonna get a
stroller get in yeah no way he wants to
walk we got a tough situation no I know
she's so cute somehow I convinced
Lincoln that it was okay that they went
down the street and back without him
heaven knows how that even happened but
I'm glad I'm glad I was able to convince
you cuz you would probably run off and
not listen to your sister and brothers
right just kidding a little cowboy is
running off without me Lincoln he waited
till I / you worse being sneaky he
waited for me to turn around we got to
go back and change your diaper I think
you're dirty you are a stinker he let
you guys he waited for me to turn around
and not pay attention look you're gonna
be right back let's go wait they'll
bring her back to us he waited until I
was not looking and then he like booked
it down the street I was naughty Lincoln
that was sneaky of you
chase those boots all the way down the
street you little stinker that was
sneaky carrying a booster seat in the
hall
I realize it's mid-january and it's not
quite the detail your car like crazy
month but it's like 45 degrees outside
right now that's more than enough warm
to be content outside and the waters not
freezing the car so I figured it was a
good day to get things detail a little
bit what do you call a wheel that's been
driving all day tired that's a good one
you're gonna use that I guarantee
somebody's gonna say that to their
husband well they look pretty good
better than they've looked all winter
long and I'm losing daylight so I better
go in and help Bonnie get the kids ready
for bed
all right good we're gonna end the night
with Cody's one time amazing performance
boring I got one good one Tony's little
friends Todd in this I thought they did
it in the shirt like that really I don't
work so I hide it there yeah well
congratulations on armpit farting I'm
very proud of you son
okay you guys let's go brush teeth and
it's bedtime okay you're my friend
aren't you Olivia was a little teary and
she's like I'm sorry your hair is so
ugly I'm just feeling a little
devastated because I've never in my life
had this dark of hair it's not what I
asked for
and I just have a really important photo
shoot on Friday so I'm just upset and
you do not need to worry about that okay
there's two types of people in this
world people that care about their hair
and people that don't and the people
that don't care about their hair is
gonna hate this vlog people that do care
about their hair is
feel me and just know anyway you know
you have good friends when you can come
over and be mean and beyond me and cry
and they still are your friends their
eyes at me and I know you flipped me off
in your head did I was like could you
just shut up so I can finish this text
and she shut up and that's the nice
thing and that means she's a true friend
she didn't get mad she didn't yell she
just shut up and that was so nice do you
want me to survive this night here at
Ellie and Jared's house thanks for
watching I'm sorry that today was a crap
show for you it's just I'm more sorry
for my own crap show okay yeah we've got
a really big photo shoot that's working
on for a year yeah I think it's the
weight of that on topic I think it's a
lot of the yeah I think it's the
pressure of like every time going on so
could you say well I'll see you guys
later babe bye the word I used
before me you woke me from a dream is
reality baby baby you're really hurt
