good morning you guys this morning I
went to the store and I got a few things
for Olivia for her Valentine's because
tomorrow we are tech special day and I
get to wear my dress at school yeah and
we're doing a Valentine's like usual
because the queue until libraries are
gonna say remember how roses remember
how wedding is how like things that you
have to walk under moving around did you
guys make him a school no um my um
library teacher um he puts him up every
holiday she well not every holiday but
on Valentine's we have like a little tea
party a little bit tomorrow
Olivia has her dress-up day at school so
she's going to wear a dress we got to
get your hair washed tonight yeah I'm
probably not makeup
maybe lipstick I'll probably let her
wear lipstick but we're gonna get your
hair curled and we have Valentine's to
pass out
I was shocked last night I asked her
what do you I told her I was gonna take
her into the store to let her pick her
out her Valentine cards and she was like
oh you just pick him out I was like you
want me to pick him out like I was
shocked anyway I thought for sure she
was gonna be mad because she came home
and said what cards did you get I was
like I didn't get cards I got boxes and
were you mad I was so surprised I'm very
happy that you don't care and you we got
enough because we're gonna write Kody's
name on one and we're gonna write
Boston's name on one yeah that's right
he's like yes and yep I made sure
there's plenty we have brie here today
she has been coming and helping me and I
feel like like in the last few videos
I've had a few comments or people saying
you look so like happy I'm like well
yeah because I have a little bit of help
and
has made my life amazing so take the one
that you wrote for Allison fasten hmm
put it in the back so it doesn't get
confused now cross her name off the list
can you cross her name off the list okay
well you can keep it but yeah I'll mark
it so you know that you did it okay so
Circle it so now you know I thought the
firt know Austin oh okay I put in the
back that your school asked okay so now
you have those two done so now you're on
this one right right stop
braids and braiding and this is kind of
like Reagan blitz bring Lee mm-hmm okay
keep working on those and we are gonna
work on writing your name on one okay
yeah all right one do you know how to
write your name code yeah or drop me to
dot it oh hi Bree does you see Oh
d hey mommy look I lie there we go look
at I did for me hmm let's see from
Olivia - Olivia - Olivia from Olivia no
from Olivia - Libra - Olivia perfect
this is Austin that one is for dad is
for Boston so should we put it by his
piggy bank
yeah because when he wakes up he's going
to be expecting to put all that money in
his piggy bank so this one's brie it was
Matt yep and that one in your hand is
for you uh-huh
I don't know why I thought this was so
funny but I'm sitting here and my hands
they smell like onion fries laughing
we're laughing because we were talking
about how when you cook because I cooked
earlier my handsome like onion and she's
all yeah don't you hate when you wash
your face at the end of the night and
your hands like onion I'm like yes it's
true it's true just happens guys on your
hands but I actually heard did you know
this you can wash your hands with
um salt and lemon juice yeah you could
you wash your hands with salt and lemon
juice and it supposedly takes the smell
away I've done it a few times it doesn't
work the best
probably baking soda would work better
but anyway that's what I've heard I
don't really know we're sure putting it
there whose bus is gonna get it no see
this little teeny not you have up at the
top
Boston's little hands look at the back
so you can see where to put it put it
right here on the back do you Boston's
little hands can get in there at any
moment and steal those and if you're not
watching him he will steal them so there
we go Hey
yes we're gonna put these right here by
your school stuff and we won't even tell
Boston what's in them otherwise he will
eat them just like promised this was
Boston incentive to take a good nap
because he didn't want to take one today
so we got some money we said okay Boston
we're gonna put money in your piggy bank
yeah now and what are you gonna save
your money for why did you tell him what
to say and you boys have been insisting
on wearing these matching shirts yes you
think that his bum is kind of silly
don'tcha know what is Lincoln Stanga hey
what is this pink yeah what's this right
here
burned on his bum bum you thought that
was pretty funny didn't you what is this
what does that say whoo this is the
perfect heart
this says wink wink can you give me a
wink wink I'm doing it that's pretty
good hey that one says I can't even read
that I can't read that one oh yeah
I already took a picture of his bum bum
here you finished putting your money in
your piggy bank and I'll get the baby
right right oh yeah
good job boss in a Gucci boy it squared
all brought in a piggy bank
yep I can't wait till we have so so much
money in there cuz I already have two
today I see back your head Jack a pig
cat walk oh she has a cat piggy bank
okay turn around this to your hair we
took what two-and-a-half inches off the
Livia's hair just now
she took a bag yeah you wanna be a good
we just took Olivia took a bath and we
cut two and a half inches off of her
hair and it is still to her waist it
needed a good trim looks good huh and
we're gonna get you hair nice and pretty
for tomorrow's cuz her mouth a special
thing yep we're gonna show them our
flushing working toilet we have a
working flashing toilet yeah we'll put
your jammies on and the tub is making
blankets Wow we are not splashing in
this bathroom actually what happened is
we try out the bathtub
wait in the laundry room and there was
water everywhere we went in Olivia's
room and felt under the table just
directly on the opposite wall this her
carpet was wet what had happened was the
seal around right here didn't seal all
the way and water was everywhere last
year called the plumber
toilet works I'm training kids just
heard halogen everybody pretty excited
to use it even Boston do you want to go
potty in there yeah that's right tonight
I'm playing get down here that's awesome
I'm not going to cry Oh guess what guys
he's peeing I like tree you want a tree
because you peed in the water you did so
good the first thing you got to do after
you go pee in a potty is you want to put
the lid down you got to put the lid down
now you got to flush the toilet again
Zach you gotta put my pants up okay good
job and then what do you do after that
hey guys you tell Boston what do you do
after you put the lid down and you flush
the toilet then what do we do we wash
our hands
okay so let's go wash your hands Boston
ill and you get a treat for peeing in
the potty you are the last one that I
need to put in bed yeah you've been
sitting here while I put together my
dinner you've been sitting here all by
yourself you're being so good look at
you playing with your toy you are so
happy you didn't take very good naps
today Oh hit yourself in the face the
dudes don't wanna bite I have kids
downstairs all ready for bed they're
just sitting on a bed waiting for me to
come say goodnight I had had enough I'm
like just goes down your beds and wait
for me to come down anyway so they're
all ready for bed waiting for me
downstairs I got to get this little man
in bed yes and I'm gonna eat my salad
and I've been looking forward to this
all day I made the dressing I may have
added too much pepper to it looking for
a spoon
ah this is organized for me at least in
my drawer let's see up this is what I
was looking for a little tiny ladle I
think I added too much pepper to this I
don't know but it looks super good you
guys want the recipe this salad I will
put the link for it down below I have
been looking forward to eating this
salad all day like in my mind I thought
I'm gonna feed the kids get everyone in
bed and then I'm gonna get in the
bathtub I'm gonna eat my salad and I'm
gonna watch The Bachelor on Hulu so I
hope you go to bed good because this
needs to get in my belly I just like you
I just like you thank you guys so much
for watching if you're not subscribed go
ahead and subscribe I'll see you on my
next video bye guys
