Chua what on earth was that face were
the last two times joel has shoveled
sidewalks he's gotten sick third time's
a charm
Oh have you busy are you fine I'm just
sweating well it's nice and cool out
there working up a sweat and then you
come in the house on top
what's that face for I'm not doing
anything sneaky yet brothers I was
waiting for you to notice that i changed
my eyelashes oh you don't have
caterpillars on your eyelids anymore
Jill took the kids to the Home Depot
this morning I stayed home with the baby
and I was so excited cause I was gonna
get to do my makeup and I had these
awesome eyelashes in the box and I was
like I'm totally gonna wear big
eyelashes today because they were so
pretty in the box
I looked like what's a what's a clean
term that kids can hear a showgirl I
think we're total showgirl lashes they
were like but a little more on me yeah
not from my corner streetwalker sighs
that was awful he walked in the house
and I was like don't look at me please
don't look at me your face you were just
like oh it looked like your makeup look
really good
but it looked like you know it was heavy
they were fluffy and yes they were they
gonna build a cocoon oh okay a little
heavy
yes they were okay okay oh yeah all
right all right okay oh oh yeah I'm
gonna put it let me read whoops I'm
sitting right here you have to do how
much number it it is okay so if you make
sure you have to skip you tell us here
comes a reality
every kid sorry yeah skip your turn
right mom
mm-hmm he's going to teach you how it
comes through here and cordials to teach
you how to play this this this is where
all the card skits and this is where you
put up here got right here no no no look
it's right here it's no you have to pick
the cards well can you zip this out yes
oh look doable mine oh yeah listen no
won't you row right here and you ever
get back home and all of your guys are
wrong wins well no like no like if they
could and then they go around and then
they got reserves yeah
you have your smile yourself and do one
two three four five six seven eight
I did you pee in your diaper I could
hear you in here playing and I wanted to
know what you are doing what are you
doing this step are you measuring stuff
in here
are you building something yeah what are
you built-in oh I'll miss you know
you're not supposed to get in your
closet huh look at mommy
you know you're not supposed to get into
the closet yeah what I get they get when
you get bigger you can what else are you
not supposed to do oh are you not
supposed to touch the DVDs when can you
when you get back on I can't touch that
just let me I can touch their DVDs cuz
you're bigger huh then you pin your neck
hmm let's put the tools away hey Lincoln
can't even touch let's put them in
really good that will be a problem no
put it right where it goes put it in -
how we gonna do now oh I don't know we
kind of have nothing to do tell grandma
grandpa gave here
yeah whammo wah-wah-wah do you guys know
that we're going to dinner with them
yeah oh yeah they're gonna be here soon
and I be here maybe we should call him
and tell him to come early yeah oh yeah
yeah Olivia Cody and daddy ate all of
Boston streets huh and that made him
really sad but mama found us something
in a cupboard because I would never eat
Boston Street that would just be scary
roschmann huh hey how are you supposed
to eat those if you don't have any front
to you I don't know your new Panther
shirt cute they have little daisies on
them huh mm-hmm
next time we get a treat we'll get
Boston his own gummy worms huh oh yeah
you're sharing with 50 yeah what about
mommy you and Dad and Cody is that who
you're gonna share with yeah now can we
can have any he's with kilbeg oh he's
too little
yeah what can he have mine a milk
he can have mommy milk yeah that's what
Aunt Emily calls it huh okay can you
give me a wink - blink that was a week
yeah one more oh that's a pretty good
run can I just see one way oh that's so
good like new children when grandma
grandpa come around they just go crazy
they go absolutely nuts
sometimes making it annoyed this dragon
um I know I heard the noise earlier and
there's this Sun that's loose and I'm
sure it's anyway driving me nuts too I
would much rather be driving with just
Lincoln then oh grandma all the kids are
in your dad's truck with them they all
wanted to drive in grandpa's new truck
and I did see you earlier checking each
other's vehicles out standing out in the
freezing cold yeah love that truck you
always have
sweetheart sweetheart
are you mad at me I took he has done
this since the day we were married I've
got a stern point to get a crew yes if
he has a stern point to get across he
always says like we're talking about a
rebei and I said I don't think we're
ever gonna get our rebate back and he
said well it's a local company
sweetheart it calls me sweetheart what
would you like me to say you're wrong
stupid and then insert boss advice don't
say stupid system bad word I'll tell you
bad word the system don't say stupid
about word at work and then Cody would
chime in say mom that's a party word
Heavenly Father doesn't want us as a
potty words that that is a humbling
feeling with your children right
oh yeah throw that card oh yeah oh oh
you're gonna pull the righteous card on
daddy huh well I feel stupid don't let
grandma has a question for you
how did you eat your course about with
multi she said she said fast look it's
perfectly square
you haven't zero teeth how did you eat
it again knuckle neither do we
I guess the way a baby would
let's go my disgust
okay go
yeah which ones dozens oh the pink ones
there you go okay hold her hand
you
we're gonna believe what we just got we
I found the minis you found the large
first of all extra large Charleston chew
too bad it only comes in vanilla that's
quite disappointing but look how huge
that is thinkin secondly look at this
hey they're like the exact same size is
a fun size candy bar
no just a tiny no just a tiny bit longer
look at these I mean I had to get three
- equivalent the size of one these are
so they're so cute they probably think
we got one for each of the kids no they
are all for me Brewery and you wouldn't
even guess look at how many bags do you
have in here one two three four we have
four bags 106 dollars no I did not say
doll hairs I said dollars dollars total
the babies off I think you must place
the decimal a dollar six you gotta she
laughed at your doll hairs
feel like I'm funnier than you don't
agree I like to say about that
that's right Julian you okay well we can
anymore here just like hook unnecessary
six okay jumpers watch the kids on the
inversion shopping we ran into a cute
girl that watches our videos partier is
sailor how cute is that she's very sweet
anyway we are gonna hurry home because
Joe's parents are watching the kids and
we are using and of using them so we
gotta hurry and get home this video
thank you guys so much for watching our
videos we really appreciate your support
I love I don't know hello love you okay
