I've been good long enough huh say I've
been good long enough and now I'm ready
for you to get me oh now you're smiling
because you can see my face
yeah good morning you guys we have just
been getting our morning going here we
go
we've just been starting our morning and
well will you rephrase that
I have just been starting my raid on a
key JC I've been chasing your alligator
um Joel gets MVP today because I had to
make sure I was like Most Valuable
Player yeah MVP today he went grocery
shopping he let me sleep in he took care
of the kids and he was just wiping up
the dishes I did those dishes but he did
the dishes from earlier this morning
thank you thank you um this morning I
woke up feeling wicked worse my tonsils
were wicked bigger and then I took a
shower brush my teeth have lunch and now
I feel totally better like I feel a lot
better
super super better my cold sore still
here it's growing but it doesn't have a
heartbeat anymore so I think I'm out of
the woods Britt growing and the size of
my face all right some yeah I think
we're doing okay around here thank you
guys so much for your comments although
you have been freaking me out about the
whole tonsil situation I know that
adults it's harder on adults when they
get their tonsils out then kids but like
your guys's stories are making me really
scared he just said it's harder it's a
longer he says the recovery is really no
different kids just don't have the voice
to voice it yeah but I do know that it
is worse like he did say this journos
fast
yeah we don't cover it aspect dangerous
or anything mmm yeah I don't know about
that hey you're ready to get this beast
out of the box
we've been okay so we got this mattress
in the mail and I'm a little nervous
forget I'm an actress in the mail Oh got
a mattress in there I'm sites I am alone
Hermes no well I don't know if it's
gonna expand once you pull it out or if
it's gonna stay contracted in that
okay scoot back don't go sit in the hall
go say the huh
I don't think it's gonna expand when you
do I guess we'll find out I'm a little
nervous like I'm gonna lift it up and
it's gonna like throw me against the
wall like a tree on Christmas vacation
okay come on I'm dying here okay it
stays compacted okay we were nervous
it stays compacted though let's take it
downstairs to undo it is it heavy
hey that is a heavy gate no there's the
normal part of the nail um no oh he has
his pocketknife you want yes
get your pocket nighters and we'll all
this he's so I've gone pluck it right
quit it quit it get it
this go eating Oh got the video from a
long time ago we've never posted let's
go get you I was thinking about was the
video with Olivia when she was spinning
circles and put them oh the whole garden
bag on her head Olive Garden bag and
just maybe I'll have to do it Roback
Thursday video that okay let's take this
downstairs he not okay jump the Ballon
just a little bit now
okay hey hey
here you come work on this side basta
c'mere Boston you come work on this side
right here here's that this part of the
cut look at our desks you're gonna make
sure sit okay yeah John Cody like sexy
keep going good job Oh shoes is it
working yeah you keep trying Boston just
like I did actually buy a mattress cover
because I did not know that your support
I get supposed to put a mattress cover
on I just never knew about mattress
covers and I bought one as we bought
each of the kids our new beds and this
is actually for Olivia's room the one
that olivia has right now is actually my
sister-in-law's parents old mattress so
it's like but when we first moved in the
house we were super grateful to have it
because we didn't have any mattresses
for the kids like we were barely married
we had one baby a job that paid like
barely minimum wage anyway so we were
very grateful at the time that we were
given that little mattress but you guys
know what mattresses look like if anyone
saw my mattress they would probably
think they were going to get like HIV
from it or something or like hepatitis
or something
mattresses just get looking so
disgusting anyway long story short I
didn't know that we were supposed to
like put a mattress cover on so we
bought mattress covers for all the kids
as mattresses we've bought one for
this one and we're finally replacing
this but Oh mattress
what Oh a teacher
oh you're funny it's like freezin oh
that's so cool it's like I don't know
I'm excited to see how this actually
feels once it like lays down no no like
it so far
okay okay and yeah so we wanted to get a
new mattress for Olivia's bedroom
because when guests come over that's
what if they sleep is in her room all
right Joel you're more picky about
mattresses than I am come lay on and
tell me what you think okay
are you happy guys anything
are you happy guy oh he's so beautiful
okay lay on it don't you think you're
such a dork
nice pillow shut up I'm not even kidding
really yeah you have 101 days if you
don't love it you can return it yeah
oh hey Roger poo
thanks Boston should we spend the rest
of the afternoon watching TV on our
mattress yeah yeah look how sweet he is
he's just like all right but dad's body
is more cozy than the mattress look at
Boston he really does he wants to watch
a movie on his new mattress we'll back
it up to the couch and watch a few
meetings oh okay we did get this
mattress from ghost bed I will have
their website listed down below also I
have a discount code so if you guys are
in the market for a mattress go ahead
and check that out I'll have all the
information listed down below younger
two kids are taking naps and the older
two are upstairs at the table having a
snack and joel is just down here getting
the fixtures and all that kind of stuff
put on the bathtub and the faucets and
stuff like that and I'm just sitting
here watching you that's usually
something that I like to do is just sit
and watch agile like if I'm editing
sometimes at night you'll just sit next
to me while I edit and while he works at
home and stuff I like to just sit and
watch that's how it was growing up too I
remember my mom like just sit and watch
my dad my mom is amazing
works faster than I do and she'd
probably be doing this herself
and she wouldn't make my dad do it but
you know a joke is Tom he's like I bet
you'll be more useful to me when you
don't have a baby we'll see huh I know
just you're cute hey bond yeah nothing I
guess showerhead ever special on what
your disappointed plumber should have
set this back like the valve system
inside should have been set back another
inch so we don't have that huge gap
there's no way yeah handle it's not
ideal but you'll have to work I have to
keep in mind what my mom told me and she
came up to look at the house she came
and I was kind of complaining about the
floor cuz he this used to be the floor
in the laundry room and so it sloped
down and I was telling her I'm like oh
when you walk on the carpet you can kind
of feel the slope on the carpet and she
said bunny it's a fifty year old home
she's like it's not gonna be perfect
she's like it looks beautiful looks
amazing so we keep that in our minds
don't we John yeah how are we coming in
here to shovel laundry so wonderful in
there yeah but I don't care like I would
much rather sacrifice the space there
and have this space here me too
yes did you carry the that box oh well
um yes I did I know it was really heavy
there's a heavy box and I was like I'm
gonna do this I'm gonna carry for Joel
so he doesn't have to I'm glad you
noticed
um get over here and show me that big
beautiful smile let me see your teeth
this is Olivia's table she's been
complaining to me that she doesn't like
using the sittin spin as a table and
that she needs a real table but you're
trying to find the money that the Tooth
Fairy left did you take it to school
with you okay see you guys I use that
for these bit these are sucker Julia's
and now did you got for one of your
front teeth they're awesome
this is a quarter that she gave me
mm-hmm
what are you saving your money in your
piggy bank for so I can go to this
little Ian
huh you haven't Big E big elephant yes
he doesn't watch your piggy bank
big pink piggy bait pick a piggy bank
Pig yes that's right
and we've always told the kids they need
to save their money so we can go to
Disneyland and you what I had to get
still all of our money too before we go
away no therefore they're free because
didn't you have to use all all of your
money for Disneyland and that's why you
don't want to spend your money huh so
Olivia has decided that she doesn't want
to waste her money at Disneyland what do
you want to do with your money I want to
say that until I'm grown up so then is
it hurt yeah this isn't so then um I can
buy whatever I want
likewise like treats candy dresses
makeup do you always buy makeup you
always try to buy makeup and you still
dance course could get them always and
out what still my quarters I'm just
working in here
well I think you kids need to keep
saving your money so we can go to
Disneyland
someday someday yes it is heavy it's cuz
you got lots of money you wanna go to
Disneyland
ah well you guys thank you so much for
watching today I will see you guys in
our next video I'm sure of it
you gonna get my Twitter than today
nudes right ha yeah oh that one doesn't
have a trim on it
those ones yay are we gonna do a toilet
today or maybe not we'll see okay we'll
see you next vlog guys bye
