good morning everybody I am feeling a
lot better today so I guess I'm
recording a little bit I want to thank
everybody for their birthday wishes xxx
was pretty rough just because I think I
was sick I guess I don't know and Bonnie
now feels pretty darn sick and we're
actually gonna go to the doctor and get
her looked at today and what else what
else what else anything else I don't I
think that brings us up to speed
thank you for all the birthday wishes
though but we've got something to take
care of that Christmas uncle Landon gave
me in this brisket and I can't cook all
of that up that's just too much and I'm
cooking it up for Super Bowl Sunday what
oh yeah by myself Super Bowl Sunday be
fun really good brisket to myself all
the brisket to myself but I got to start
the work now even though we're still
days out I got to start the work but I
got to cut this thing in half and
literally this is the only way I know
how to cut this big chunk of meat in
half this is not just a like hack video
I literally don't know how else to cut
this thing in half
other than the thought but I don't want
to thought and then refreeze the other
half of it so cutting it frozen sawzall
oh yeah it's a brand-new clean blade
it's clean clean and I took a rag and
cleaned off the saw a little but it's
not gonna hurt anybody
nothing getting hurt nobody
brisket I have to show you the sawdust
and by Stardust I mean me that's a
little gruesome bed.i you saw how much
work that took that thing cut through my
basement better - did that brisket
that's solid beef good taste it that's a
cow but that's a cow yak-yak we're gonna
eat it though
Oh wha no I'll make it taste good okay
okay this is a family affair we're the
ear nose and throat doctor and the
reason that we decided to come in is
because for a long time I have been
wanting Joel to have his tonsils looked
at and for me I've been wanting to have
my Thompson looked up for a long time
you are going to go into the details
this is kind of disgusting but tonsil
stones are the most disgusting things
and I am so sick of having him and Joel
has really bad breath I don't know if
it's that but is it well we want to give
this taken care of especially just I
don't know we're just like we have good
insurance like let's just go in and have
it looked at I don't really want to Joel
doesn't want to and our doctors here we
can go pick up there's yeah so yeah the
doctor said
I should probably get my tonsils out
because I always get those nasty crap in
them and they're constantly getting
swollen he's like Kat get yours out and
for Joel he's like it may or may not
help your bad breath sometime was that
so I just have to decide if I'm gonna
get him out of that what are we getting
are we getting you guys a new toilet for
downstairs yes your guys's do toilet and
your toy wet if we can find what we're
looking for
I want a brushed nickel wow that looks
like nice and sturdy that one's kind of
cute I love our toilet lever upstairs
remember of trying to find that no we
actually found a Lowe's we did no I
swear we are online gonna find it
confinement pillows no we ordered one
online got it and we didn't light it and
got the one at Lowe's I guess we're
picky about our toilet leathers what can
we say truthfully I'm feeling miserable
I've got a cold sore the doctor said I
wasn't sick even though I'm sick what
look at that
I hate it it's like teeny what who said
a bad word what did Olivia say I do not
believe Olivia said a bad word Olivia
would not say it bad word huh those your
teeth Oh being you tell these guys look
okay if you're grossed out don't look
hold on let it focus okay there we go so
that tooth fell out
and then next one next to it is like
really coming down I'm sad because
you're not a little girl anymore you
don't have your little baby oh you put
it underneath your pillow last night
five four wait what four fold
to go I'm gonna punch your hand oh my
gosh you want to be the goggle guy I'll
be the goggle guy look at this man over
there you did it but okay lean on your
tummy hey you tell me the trouble on the
ground okay you were watching that I
went to turn the TV on and Joe's off
don't finish over the top I was like me
okay he comes and he's like what I do is
I turn my hat back it's like turns a
switch on Wow
that's what he says in the movie it's
really
No be careful with my baby Lincoln wins
I think it's over-the-top everyone be
careful no no do you like her mama
yeah you don't care what I look like a
bear he was like are you did you see
like he was checking this on film one
knows the latest part about today is
that the doctor said I wasn't sick even
though I'm sick are you know yes and I'm
kind of not good mood anymore
can you see yourself I have tanked
everyone's being kind of lazy kids are
watching TV babies taking a nap and I
think we are gonna have SpaghettiOs for
dinner
what's up the kids okay let me tell you
something
Joel bought an entire case of what is it
called
spaghetti right and we bought a new
toilet and the kids hate them the kids
hate SpaghettiOs Olivia like some Cody
doesn't are gonna close our vlog tell
you guys good night thank you guys for
watching I promise tomorrow I am going
to get up get ready bring your bag a lot
happier yes tomorrow will be a better
day
good night you guys
