good morning you guys it is Sunday
morning you guys are going to be
watching this a couple of days later I
got off on my publishing date anyway
don't worry about it we'll get back on
track soon but today is Joel's birthday
the plan was for him to be working and
he did go into work and then came home
sick
you have the rug you tell him what
happened
he was driving and he threw open his car
and then he pulled over and then he
threw up on the road you did not have a
very good day at work too Jeff I hate
when Joel gets sick
I hate when Joel gets sick so he was
supposed to work the whole weekend and
now you're just home and yeah we'll see
I mean I'm sure he'll go back maybe like
Monday do you think he's supposed to be
anyway we'll see we'll see what we do it
yeah but the kids even before they knew
you were gonna be home they have been
working ridiculously hard should we show
everybody what you've done okay and then
when we're ready we'll call you in okay
it's okay with you party okay come on
Kay let's go show everybody you show me
and I know that my house is a mess I'm
just not gonna nice this is not a mess
it says happy birthday dad I love you
dad and this is a telescope that she
made for him yeah - dad from Olivia but
you tell me what is it it's kind of like
a little thing that you
oh it's changed purposes since last I
knew okay so so this happen that's dad
so this is dad's seat with a spider so
these are the decorations hanging from
the light happy birthday dad with a
heart we didn't have 30 candles so I
just put it like that I do
that pink right here go in there yeah
see this one that is like totally out of
play yeah Boston did that one yeah and
Boston put is will buddy finger right
there in the cake didn't you Boston yeah
but we're not gonna do that again
everybody's like I mean organic
chocolate no we're not gonna put our
finger in the chocolate yeah my so
Olivia no I doubt he will turn olivia
set the table for everybody so you can
see Olivia wrap this one from Olivia to
dad and this one you can see clearly
Jude Boston oh I just told you not to do
that and you didn't listen sit down and
I want you to fold your arms sit down
and fold your arms yeah clearly this is
to dad from Cody oh RAF I was concerned
because dad I used Oh Cody c'mere
clearly you can see this one's from Cody
and then this one I think is from Cody
and so is this one from Cody okay Boston
you're making everyone crazy
what did you when you wrap this present
for dad what did you think
were you kind of sad that you used up
all your tape you'll have to get just
somewhere why don't you ring get daddy
and we'll have his birthday party today
okay go get daddy be quiet cuz the
baby's still signing I really don't feel
good no I know you don't I'm sorry
sweetie but you know what hey you have
to you have to be at least okay and long
enough to open up their presents okay
cuz they've worked oh yeah that was the
purpose supposed to hit your head on
that when you come your kids have worked
so so hard oh look
look this one's your chair cuz she wants
you sitting right under the decoration
well I think daddy should what ones do
you guys want him to open first open
here I've been here I'm gonna up I think
I'm gonna tell Dad which one's to open
first because we'll do the most special
ones perfect Romany that yeah oh the
hair are you know the hair comes with it
the hair comes with it that's part of
the present okay thank you open this one
you guys go sit by daddy go sup my daddy
no don't don't make yourself sick
opening it I know you don't
Joel is various dick right now he's
putting on a nice show for the kids what
do you think of that daddy oh hey kids
debated long and hard about what toys
they were able to give up and what toys
they couldn't give up all right yeah he
can't tell me you don't love this thing
okay that one Olivia wrap if you might
like it
water rafting dude
the kitchen was a disaster she did a
great job
Oh somebody she just found that okay
don't scream don't scream hey this oh
don't you go get the horn I read it
that's pretty cheap on it that's ready
me if you let me come here let me Sam so
this is a cow's hat we love going to
Herms and last time we were there he was
like that is a cool hat and he is just
kind of cheap like it's not like the
greatest quality but it's I just thought
it was kind of funny he can trash it if
you are mean big one oh I think Boston
wants to just hand one to dad that's the
last one so can Boston go hand that to
Daddy okay okay he doesn't care I
thought he was sad because he wanted to
handle you okay
he goes down bye dad Oh send my dad he
will oh okay oh my gosh okay tell me
what it says
you're it you guess it happy birthday to
Dad's Chrome Cody good job
do you want to go help down over and
help him okay I love you cute rule it's
that Boston cuz this he hasn't really
done much hard thing I've always left
oh the hurt it's just kind of like
whatever
so for Joe's birthday we had our like
spa day we went shopping like just me
and Joel and so that was kind of fun but
I knew you needed something to open on
your birthday cuz I thought shopping on
my heart day before and on your actual
birthday it's kind of sad if you don't
have something to open so we wanted to
make sure you had some time this is cool
yeah yeah I got rid of him hey no every
come over you kids have made daddy's
birthday so special do you know that
don't you think yeah on the decorations
huh good okay you did really good on
that blue let you know what you kids are
gonna blow these candles out because
daddy's feeling pretty sick right now
anything huh yeah we don't want to get
germs on the cake and I just don't think
dad's good thanks let me break and we'll
go get him happy birthday he still could
hear it so we made this cake last night
when daddy was a work the kids were so
excited and they helped me a ton did you
kids make the cake yeah boy laughing is
unlike and we know that daddy's favorite
cake is yellow cake with chocolate
frosting be careful I am being so
careful - it's like it just burner
alright no no so when the kids blow the
cake you make a wish okay daddy
alright happy birthday
okay we're going to set this over happy
birthday - okay hold on happy birthday
to you happy birthday to you happy
birthday dear daddy happy birthday to
you and many more
whoa Wow Wow so there was fine before
there's fluent hope all I know I think
you just got something screwed on yet
wowza
all right look being handles idk hey
careful they're hot
yeah look the end of the candles daddy
okay he's feeling daddy's feeling pretty
sick we are gonna say good night to you
guys or goodbye to you guys
yes I'm happy birthday to Joel and
hopefully you get feeling better and
we'll see you guys in our next video
hi guys I wish you could cut the cake in
the house so you think we should close
to home harm oh it was a channel I want
some i won
