good morning you buys it Saturday
morning agile and I stayed up late why
oh pizza throwing the basket yeah
you see that basketball throw that was
in Joel's I like you can show the swing
set water then you can see how much snow
we got this good six inches on its gonna
a stall my birthday tomorrow tomorrow is
dad's official birthday and we will have
a candle Olivia we gonna mix you got to
get a present for daddy
we'll think about it
we'll think about it this morning
Olivia cried cause she and II are now
Andy's color
Andy some eggs yeah breathe Boston calls
I agree Andy I praise for Andy's and
anyway Olivia you were pretty sad that
three was gone weren't chest yeah she
was play says it really slow what I
think it's my Clark I want him to have
another floor pretty nice of you I'm
gonna bring it with me okay I have an
itch right on the center by that right
on this Center but no higher yes no
lower right there right there right
there
um I beg to differ I shouldn't even be
stint oh it's so beautiful
don't look at this no you don't want me
to look at the snow then look at dad's
car may see woody Jasper look at I mean
just let's bury look at look at it would
you look at it would you just look at it
candy cakes we've outgrown our little
can I know when did we get that
Ikey when we first come here for
Christmas one year Joel asked for a flat
pan because we didn't have a flat pan
for pancakes and
 about a much bigger run yes at a
time that was plenty because we could
make two for just reaches hmm not hard
to make for pancakes
snappy I missed you all we did we miss
the kids while we were gone your hands
in the air not a little something that
one of my boyfriend's taught me is with
pink lots of cinnamon and vanilla in
your cat I've discovered this at a
boyfriend's house oh yeah he came and
made me breakfast
his name is Dallin anyway I'll never eat
pancakes two things cinnamon and vanilla
makes it so good pair shake your vanilla
in their book yep
all right good job guys
hey you want to rip your hair out kids
are very hyper this morning good morning
the breakfast Hey whoa look at that
sweet sight oh he is so tired they so
stinkin sweet
Leigha this oh I can't even believe the
snow I wish we could show it really well
look at the power lines they're just
covered in snow the tree look at that
beautiful tree it looks like in the
women this is like hunkered down in
front of the fireplace there we are
have you watched the Barbies
Olivia watches them and I'll sometimes
watch the Barbies cartoon with Olivia
it's really funny they like make fun of
Barbie but it's funny as a thank you for
watching Barbies I have I know West yeah
he called me out like no when I was
watching Barbies guy sleeping guys I'm
so tired
alright go to bed go to bed in order to
eat in peace and quiet Dino that looks
intense Joel it's amazing we told the
kids to go watch the snowplow what I
know I told you cuz you guys are being
crazy just want you to watch for the
snow pack stay right there don't move
don't talk don't worry they'll never get
freezing he has the biggest
dorkiest grin on his face right now you
have no idea
why have you got such a big dumb look on
your face
you turkeys ready
here is the infamous straight friend two
Christmases ago I'll put the Christmas
video hello neighbor
we I'll put that link down below we have
the most amazing snow and Jos been dying
to replicate it anyway
beautiful my face is freezing I do this
for him you know Kevin yeah are you
having fun I guess that's all that
matters huh
your daddy is so good to us oh there's
so much snow I'm reading my camera is it
worth it yeah I think so you might think
Boston's crying because of the cold you
might think he's crying because he lost
you go in the house no he thinks were
going in the house and that's why he's
crying yeah so we're putting goggles on
him and that's all that poor soul wants
literally I have to hold on ginger pay
up yep there we go after I saw he's
almost unstuck we are not what okay yes
yes we'll go to Uncle Jared okay we'll
go to Uncle Jared's we'll go to Uncle
Jared's if that's what makes you happy
that's what I'll say oh boy boy howdy
Boston I think it's the first time I've
seen you smile today big goofy did your
big brother carry that out of the back
for you forget what season it is
Cody that was pretty dang strong of you
to get that for your brother no other
way get it off the sidewalk and put it
out there he's like putting snow hums a
direct way Boston were you driving to do
you think you're driving to Uncle
Jared's you're crazy how did you even
muscle that thing all the way through
that come on Joel's off to work I got
the dishes done all the snow gears
drying off and now we are catching up on
a few of our favorite YouTube videos now
I am sure some of you guys don't know
this but my sister Ruby and my brother
Bo put up flashback Friday videos every
Friday
and those flashback Friday videos are of
moi when I was little and the footage is
literally unreal you guys are gonna die
when you see it and maybe it's just
something cool for me but I think you
guys would really like it you will see
where I get my curly hair friend you
will see where me and all my sisters the
way we love on our babies you'll see
where we get that friend the mountains
that you see in mine and Ellie's videos
they're right here right in my back
you'll see those same mountains in my
parents videos because they they lived
up here in Logan literally a block away
so you will see those same mountains
that like they live by now I live by and
I don't know it's just you'll see baby
wave that I named my Boston Wade after
in these videos it's I should hit my mom
anyway if you ever wonder how me and my
siblings all became who we are if you
watch these flashback Friday videos
you're gonna see just exactly where we
all got it from our sense of humor our
Chin's our eyes like everything our
since I mean it's just to me they're
incredible and I think you guys are
gonna really love them too so if you
guys want to check out footage from the
past the original Griffith vlogs from
the 1980s I will have the links to their
channels below I think that it's
definitely worth checking them out so
we're gonna hang out on our basement
we're gonna enjoy the rest of our
Saturday and we'll see you guys in our
next video bye guys
