this morning we are celebrating Joel's
birthday because of Joel's amazingly
crappy schedule at work he works on his
birthday and so today we're celebrating
early his actual birthday is on Sunday
there is not a better way to start
Joel's birthday celebration other than a
little this old house Joel says if he
can meet anybody it would be the guy in
the dark blue shirt
Tom Silva Tom silver come Silva Silva
Tom Scylla is the general contractor
everybody else has to work technically
under him really first things first I
need a haircut look at this like I could
go totally emo no bond like just swoop
it to the side
yeah it's not what you do like just
swoop it all to one side believe that's
nice look at this I'll have a cutting
comb when I did Cody's haircut video
people were making fun either like don't
you think he could afford him new comb
because the cheap on my comb right now
I'm like um it's not a matter of
affording it's a matter of like having
the time to go get you on look brand-new
comb tada in your face look at that hair
bond that's like below look my bangs are
longer than yours
guys not how long minor I just have
crazy I don't have a deep occult
efficacy what's wrong with my call the
sex I like your cul-de-sac now if this
was my birthday celebration I would make
Joel put on like oh I'm sorry I would
make Joel put on a nice shirt and I
would have my false lashes on like
makeup fully done but I'm asking you a
job this is a question for you so put
the camera on you do you want me to get
all dolled up or do you want to have
like a casual day want me to put on like
a silky shirt or do you want me to wear
like a casual outfit like what would you
like hmm I don't know cuz I don't know
that I want to get all that dolls up
myself if you want to wear like a
baseball hat today then all
like put my hair in a braid like well
I'm thinking for the plans for today
like what the activity is we may want
that do you think it's whatever I can
make anything work okay let's just do
casual little little makeup perfect
little lashes you want lashes of course
oh that's nice okay
okay sounds good I can make the lashes
work but I'm wearing a baseball hat
maybe I might have you I have to wear
lashes and he gets wear a base I may
have you do my hair but but I'll do your
hair I'll do your hair I think you'll
feel better if you're heard of so okay I
look silly
well we literally just rolled out of bed
so like I look like pale if you guys
remember when Julie was in town Ellie
took us all to get pedicures and when we
came here I said pedis Oh Patty's no way
no man use your fingers manatees or
fingers okay when we came I said we are
gonna come back here because this is the
cutest place love all the Valentine's
stuff I'm gonna have to ask them like
what their packages are anyway you all
know how hard Joel works and I just blew
sorry and I just decided that we wanted
to come and treat ourselves well for
Julie for Jill's birthday Bonnie gets
present ritual birthday we're going to
yourself I just know he wants fun he
wants a massage he like I always a Mike
hey Jordan rub your feet dry rub your
hands he always says no but when I do
it's like his eyes are rolling behind
the back of his head he needs it I need
it I just think that we are gonna
take the whole day and we're going to
send it away from the kid our half Asajj
our now - Prasad you dead okay these
guys have been super good today so they
get their surprise so close your eyes
and close your eyes Boston goes right
okay ready
take our robes they smell like ass our
bad what that's funny
what's my number one Mitchell's number
one pet peeve is a sour rag so what
towels clothes anything I didn't even
know what a sour rat was until I'm
married Joel draw your stuff if my mom
was we never heard my Nana okay so this
is our room you walk in and these are
the tables we're gonna have a couples
massage on it's just quiet peaceful and
the first thing we're gonna do is have a
tub soak oh that is so pretty look at
the rocks under there so this is our tub
it's for hot water isn't that the most
beautiful tub I love it so we're gonna
take a 30-minute soak and then we're
gonna have a couples massage
so we're gonna turn the camera off we're
gonna in these lights do you know how to
do it yeah
know what's up oh good boy Oh Joe and I
were trying to be on romantic and he we
were getting in the bathtub and to like
drops oh the bath salts or not - laughs
it was so funny and just now he knocked
over the wall oh really
I'm gonna sit on my pc down
dad's wrapping the present right now for
Joel while he's wrapping will tell you
oh okay he's dropping will tell you we
Joel said he goes why do you call your
parents and see if they want to come to
dinner with us and I was like are you
sure like think about that before we
actually invite him but he wants to go
to dinner at my parents house like that
looks so nice
I can't guess mom I don't think anybody
in this world I don't guess the way my
dad does okay these heavy-duty tie-downs
I don't know but there's a special
feature are these the self ratcheting on
stay here it's don't throw the wrapping
paper away hey all right
oh I think yeah where's that little
piece where to go um I got it
well my tank was air earlier what
o'clock it left in my ear t-works picked
it busted court Nick stop he fixed it
there you go happy birthday Joey
welcome funny the beach
like we wanted to
with these guys is just best friends
right here there's a second time we've
done this
yep last year we did for your birthday -
why do we buy them nice dinners I'm not
showing you our food in case you're at
home like starving right now
but I just have to show you it just
looks so good this looks fun
it's too much food oh I remember
watching TV and watching food never
could be like I can make that they go
upstairs and there's like nothing just
make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich
all it takes the same problem yes
rotating say did you Top Ramen out guys
Danu I feel like I'm not worthy of
entire
good job good job or strong no no
these guys are all bath and ready for
the night
Olivia what was your favorite part of
today see vampire he's been shinny
k-boss and what was your favorite part
the turtle the turtle they play with the
back turtle oh okay
Cody what was your favorite part playing
with your friend my friend it was a good
day huh we had lots of fun we played in
the snow we had good naps we ate some
what did we have for dinner
can you guys say good night my treat of
choice for the night is
chocolate-covered cinnamon bears what do
you have Snickers crispers um those eyes
go big or go home
that's right something I want to say is
going into today I swear to you if there
is a big event coming up if there's a
holiday coming up you can guarantee Joel
and I are gonna get into a fight right
before I don't know why it just happens
yeah it's inevitable and I went into
today thinking to myself I'm gonna be
nice for today and then I'm gonna go
back to my grudge and be mad first thing
Saturday morning I was game at Oh John
that was my plan now that the day is
over I truly don't feel like I have to
go back to holding a grudge like
sometimes you just need to reset I think
the couple's have that one fight that
they have over and over and over and
over and over and that's what we were in
and I think we both just needed to reset
and today was the perfect chance to like
reset for us and I feel a lot better
oh yeah oh yeah I think we had a nice
day
together and we both we both just set
aside our argument and I sometimes
that's you sure you have to do just
forget it and move on move on but we
we've we've had just a nice day
let me spend a really good day and I'm
excited for tomorrow happy birthday
thanks doll
get out of here you guys thank you for
watching and we'll see you in our next
video
Henry Lewis done
