good morning you guys I woke up feeling
really tired like I didn't want to do
anything and I just did what my mom
always told me to get up get ready I
mean I brushed my teeth and threw my
hair in a bun and I guess that's getting
ready for me I'm going to the gym so yes
that is getting ready for me today and I
made my bed my mom is always really good
about making her bed I'm not always the
best about making my bed but I do know
that it makes me feel a little bit
better to like get up brush my teeth
make my bed and now I'm on my way to all
I'm talking so loud I'm like stalling
right now because I just put Lincoln
down for a nap cuz I want him to sleep
while I'm gone Joel's here okay I think
he's asleep
are you ready to get your shoes on and
go yeah don't go to the gym whoa whoa
that is cool that is neat should we go
get our shoes on oh yes oh yes we can't
see the fish okay let's go to shoes
you can put your hands in your pockets
are you putting your hands in your
pockets all right come on it's funny
we're here at the gym I was so nervous
coming the first several times and I it
was like I just didn't even want to come
like I would rather not lose weight
which PS have lost four pounds thank you
I feel yes they have swimming here too
but I've done it a few times it was
scary I hated it but now like I feel so
much more comfortable maybe not
comfortable enough to vlog and there's
someone here as well um anyway just come
and do it it gets easier get better
all right you want to see the fish okay
this is the infamous fish that the kids
have always been talking about when they
come let's see if we can find the crab I
think he's is he in there literally I
don't know yeah you see what you can
find
do you see the crab let me say who's
that is that Nemo my work Alice Oh
are you looking you guys he's looking at
himself in the viewfinder oh they're
thumbnails and their nails are like they
bit them really sure and southern China
watch their hands and now it's burning
beautiful fingers listen my workout was
so hard my arms like holding the camera
up I'm like shaking seriously my arm is
a little bit shaky right now because my
arms are so soft
hmmmm but it was good and I'm so getting
that and mostly I don't know I just want
to keep going I just want to keep going
see how that goes there was good group
fitness is for me like that's what I
like
probably not your thing no he likes to
do his own thing I wanted him to come
with me but I don't know he might not
love it somebody I just stay home with
the baby I could've brought him I could
have brought him I got the ground I got
the tile wall prefer girls do you do
that's what I got to take that back get
a fungus and I'm gonna grout today we're
working today
because we are playing tomorrow where we
plan guess you like to find out tomorrow
can you be my cameraman he can kick now
I want you to kneel down and get right
down by the baby can get right down here
by the baby and I want you to keep it on
his face because that's what I think is
the cutest part of all of this I want to
show him how happy Lincoln is being he
loves this toy at Emily gave him this
toy and he loves
and he loves it but I gotta get it at
you mom no I can't keep it all in he do
the best she can like no no okay look
just put it right on his face you come
down here
look come right down here and you hold
it right on his face okay cuz he likes
you watch the camera okay he likes when
I get right in his nuts that makes that
I got him move his chin out of the way
oh hey uh can I get an idea see ya yeah
and the other day he was getting kind of
fussy I had brie hair and she was
helping me watch the kids while I was
trying to get some work done and I
hadn't seen Lincoln we didn't go for a
little bit and I know I know he was sad
because I hadn't kissed him all day d ve
jck winter vacations to come to an end
because I need my best friend back and I
hope you all know that you can only have
her temporarily she is my permanent best
friend and you all can only have her
temporarily I'm ready for her to be home
hunter vacay Oh hashtag I want my best
friend back
hashtag I wish I had an awesome group of
friends hashtag that's my baby turtle
not Jose Boston are you ready to come
listen yeah
when mama asks you to do something you
got to do it huh yeah come give me
kisses
big hugs and kisses
Oh Erica do you know how many people
would love to get Boston kisses I'm so
lucky I get Boston kisses well something
Jill and I have learned is that we don't
listen to anyone at the Home Depot or
Lowe's because Joel kind of knows more
than they do and I was kind of wanting
to listen to them when they were telling
us that we had to have bigger grout
lines we wanted small ones and these are
huge these are huge grout lines anyway
this makes it for dark yeah it does it
makes the floor darker than I wanted but
it still is pretty like it still looks
really nice do you think so it makes the
tiles look whiter which is nice with the
dark lines like that that brings out the
wood floor look mm-hmm yeah we wanted
them closer together but it's alright I
think it looks okay not the worst thing
ever
sorry your toes a little dirty it's okay
as long as it washes not found care yeah
that looks really good so you just have
a little bit left nice right
move his wigs I can't move his legs and
his arms put it on front daddy to help
ya okay see I mean just like that
just like that no he doesn't want this
drink he doesn't need a drink he doesn't
want a drink are you sitting in a bumble
like a big boy but are you seeing in a
boat were like a big boy
hey big boy I just wanted to see if he'd
sit in it so I brought it down stairs
and then Boston ran all the way upstairs
to get the little like dinner tray part
which Lincoln is ripping off it's okay
it's okay let him do it
Boston Boston's not happy about it
because he really wants it gone he wants
him to just sit there like a normal
little boy hey what are we watching
Ralph yeah we like that show for dinner
tonight we are doing salmon dinners and
do you know where I got this recipe from
do you remember it's for a long time
though yeah I know one of my boyfriend's
when you're on your mission taught me
how to make this madness yeah we had tin
foil dinners and it literally has been
my favorite meal ever since yeah so
there's a piece of salmon yeah there's a
piece of salmon underneath and I pile
broccoli carrots a lemon a couple slices
of butter and lemon pepper and I cook it
till it's done and it's delish I like
why I like pushing the part of the lemon
out mm-hmm really yeah that's yeah good
okay I wanna know what Boston things
have them take a bite of is fish I know
Olivia loves it yeah I like see you did
you taste that just now just now did you
taste it or are you just feeling it you
don't like art let me see let's go so
yeah you try just a little more huh you
know a bad by Oh be good it's yummy its
fishy what do you think
does it taste nummy it L baloney
he'll eat it the only way you have to
you have to have a couple bites of it no
making it at all no
except my pair awesome Boston you did so
good you ate all your vegetables yeah
and now are you eating your fish he's
not really too sure what he thinks about
it no I'm not a future fish guy though
myself I know you are you're a good girl
this is really good this is honestly the
only kind of meat that I actually like I
don't really like meat and fish is the
only meat that I don't get quite some
like gristle
so that's why I like it then it's coming
soon yeah oh that's okay okay now you
try reggae give all my time oh you
almost got it you getting it
hey hey sounds cool I Boston try it one
more time hey Boston you try it one more
time and then it's my girl lucious
you're my caribou booster no it's mine
okay tres Canada he's been on the table
okay Olivier okay Cody okay Olivia take
the pillow off okay Olivia take the pill
okay Cody now jump it watch out what's
this lips get Cody Hugo
okay Boston go again go again Boston oh
oh there we go that's how you hurdle
boom I know I keep hearing this hey
Olivia two pillows you're crazy you're
crazy crazy the whole inna limpets we
are into it go whoo okay Cody I know you
could do two pillows try it
oh okay
put them back up for Cody coach you
picking a wedgie while you're doing the
hurdles Boston Kay Cody Clark both
pillows Boston show me the trick
actually my chat with him put your arms
out do it again Boston you do it again
no no get up on your head again okay
show me a cartwheel Cody okay Bonnie's
upstairs cleaning up after the dishes
I'm trying to keep you happy
the other kids are doing a cartwheel so
we are gonna leave you guys here and say
give me goodnight cuz we had a really
nice time goodbye goodbye movie you're
dizzy Cody
show me Boston and yours trick one more
time Boston you show me your trick okay
hold his feet hey Boston lay down okay
lay down again later oh go on your head
like you were no he's not okay can you
go on your forehead like you were lift
him up this seems bad yeah okay get on
your forehead put your arms up no no no
walk don't walk that walk oh okay
there you go good enough bye guys
