you
you
hey guys I've had a few requests to show
you guys how I swaddle my babies I think
it's important because it really helps
them to sleep well some babies don't
like to be swaddled some babies just
don't like to be swaddled so if yours is
one of them you'll have to find
something else that keeps them happy but
for me when my babies get nice and fussy
and I there's nothing that I can do to
sue them I wrap them up as tight as I
can I get a write in I get my mouth
right in their ear and Isum
and that usually helps them to calm down
no matter what the issue is the blankets
that I use are blankets that my
mother-in-law has made me which I feel
bad cuz you guys can't just get on
Amazon and buy them um cuz I have had a
lot of questions like what kind of
blankets do you use and this is honestly
my favorite one that I use this type she
buys flannel to two kinds sews them
together you don't have to get fancy and
knit the edges the way she does you can
just sew them or surge them the first
thing I do is I lay my blanket out and I
turn it sideways so that it's like a
diamond and it does not even have to be
perfectly measured because believe me
these blankets are not perfectly
measured they don't exactly line up but
the most important thing is that you
smooth the blankets out so that it's
nice and tight and crisp I pull the top
corner down and I make sure there's no
creases up here because if there's
bunching behind here this is where your
baby's laying the back it's going to be
uncomfortable on the baby and there's
going to be like not some stuff so I
just like it smooth when you lay your
baby down on your blanket you want to
make sure that the line right here goes
directly in their neck if you put it too
high those shoulders are going to be
sticking out and if you stick it too low
it's going to be loose up around their
mouth so you stick it right behind their
neck and I start by folding one arm down
and I hold it with my hand and I don't a
lot of times my blankets have this like
weird curve right here
unless you fold it directly there but
then my blanket down here is too short
so I just grab the end of the straight
point and I bring it down tight and I
don't go straight across because then
this is loose by their face
so I like to go down at a diagonal and
then I hold it tight with my other hand
and straighten my blanket out I grab
their hand and I kind of roll them over
and you tuck it in tight and then as you
go you make sure your blanket is smooth
so you tuck that in nice and tight and
then I bring the bottom of my blanket up
and I like it to go about up to their
tummy if it's too low their feet are
gonna kick it open if it and obviously
you don't want it too high so I like it
just over their chest like Dees and then
I fold their other arm down and I hold
it and I grab here and like I say you
don't go straight across you kind of
come down at an angle and you hold it
tight the whole time you're holding
everything tight so hold it up against
their body so you can get the rest of
your blanket straightened out and I tuck
it around and when I'm done I take this
last flap and I fold it over their body
and I hold it with my thumb so that it
doesn't come undone tada I start to not
swallow them when they can when they're
starting to roll over that's when I will
like put their arms out and just wrap
their bodies and I won't put their hands
in because if they roll over when
they're swaddled they're stuck and
that's scary so that's about usually
when I stop swaddling them is when
they're getting ready to roll over
there's a lot of different traditions in
other cultures I've seen a few like an
Indian culture and it's like you do what
with your babies but that's what they're
accustomed to that's what works and I
think whatever works for your babies you
do just doesn't matter it doesn't matter
how you do it as long as they're happy
thank you guys for watching and I'll see
you in my next video bye guys but the
number one reason that I don't like
leaving my babies with a babysitter is
because I be right back hey guys
Oh
startled oldest daughter Olivia to my
mom's house and I swaddled her I think
my mom's like oh you did a really good
job swaddling and I was just like yes
like I yeah like on lipstick on you
because I was kidding you that's why I
don't like to wear makeup when I have
babies cuz I like to put my face in
their face oh you agree you agree you
were great
