well I was I wasn't going to say this
good morning I was waiting for my camera
to focus on me and he's like mom get
that get the camera and look at that so
it's just another cold day it's kind of
like overcast II kind of clear skies
more snow we have so much snow and I
kind of want to leave the door open so
we get like no I don't even though it's
like cold
all right I'll close by I definitely
stayed up too late last night my eyes
are like tired but I told myself I'm
going to the gym today the kid I don't I
don't you these guys like that place you
want to see the fish there yeah okay I'm
thinking that I'm going to take the kids
to the gym we'll kind of see how the day
pans out I usually don't like telling
them what we're doing until we do it
because they usually if plans change
things get ugly around here oh can you
get down and pick that up put it on the
table look get down and pick up your
orange peel and stick it on the counter
I'm sure that that is what every
two-year-old does all my kids have done
it whatever they undo it just goes
straight on the floor and you just kind
of got to teach him don't do that
yesterday I watched him with a bowl of
cereal there's no milk in it he just
held it over the floor and dumped it out
all over the floor I'm like what are you
thinking did mom get mad yeah no yes I
did I the oranges did you peel that
orange yeah are you good at peeling
oranges yeah yeah you're really good did
you get any juice in your eye Cody did
you get juice in your eye every time you
try to peel an orange so Cody's not
allowed to peel oranges anymore
seriously he's not allowed to kill
oranges anymore yep you can peel them
terribly from now on come here guys come
here
clear it we don't have a toilet yet
we're working on it
oh you wants to play with Olivia's
little toilet come here first first come
in your room come in your room
we should probably paint the store like
face up I like to not be wasteful I like
to not throw away money and there are
just some purchases that I have wasted
money oh where you think you're going
because I have to ask your opinion on
this and I don't like when Joel wastes
money and he does not like when I erase
me usually it's me being like Joel you
totally wasted your money we bought this
you never use this and I have to watch
how did you sleep with your dinosaur and
your monkey I spent hours looking for
bedding for the kids
I spent um too much money on their
bedding literally too much money when
when I went to buy it Joel's like bond
that's too much money to be spending on
bedding and I was like um Olivia you
guys showed you guys Olivia's bedding
hers is the Betty's bedding and I
thought it was cheesy at first I told
you guys that no her bed looks like I
took my time making oh hey I met you
he's like already do this I'm like okay
get your foot out stand up I took one
for the team and just decided to get rid
of the bedding I think I'm gonna try and
sell it because it was really expensive
we got these Betty's beddings for them
and I think that they're gonna do really
well good job okay now you got to zip it
up yep you got to tuck it in otherwise
your zipper will get stuck Lena
the thing I like is that I kissing this
is fun like they like they like zipping
their own beds up I was thinking I am
gonna teach my kids how to make their
bed I am gonna demand that they make
their bed no it was the biggest joke of
my life
expecially with bunk beds I that was um
my client getting in the way you did a
good job cape now put your pillow up
there I'm gonna let you kind of look you
got to cut in slices cuz it's gonna go
on a sandwich so like just little ones
like that okay okay and you do that okay
hey Kelly if you've never had a peanut
butter and banana sandwich alright well
you're working on that oh this is crazy
might be a mashed banana well Cody works
on his banana cutting skills uh you guys
recommend it to me
looking into the iPod app it's a free
app you unlock the coupons that you want
you do your shopping and then you take a
picture of your receipt it is literally
that easy
you can transfer what you saved into
your PayPal account it's a good job yes
good job you keep going if you guys want
to check out that app I will put the
link for it down below okay you gotta
put the bananas yes put the bananas on
top want me to help you up not this one
why cuz Oh cuz it has brown on it okay
any possible wallet is so much do you
think possible of this sandwich you want
to share it with them hold on hold on
you know fill it with bananas cuz that's
the best part
Boston I want you to try this if you
don't like it you don't want to eat it
what are you so cute oh don't try this
sandwich yeah it smells vanilla and
peanut butter okay I want you to take a
bite of your creation and tell me if you
like it okay for sale good hmm see
that's why you got to be really careful
because now you have a messy sandwich
okay get a bite of banana in there so
you can taste it you didn't tell me what
you think
Hey do you like it oh I'm your Boston
take a big bite and tell me if you like
it
that tastes good uh yes it does you're
just teasing me what did you say you're
doing I'm taping it's a bucket so
possible things you can environment did
you say you were gonna trick Boston MA
so you took the candy bar out now you're
gonna make a look I'm safe argh I use
coasters coasters doesn't stay down
there oh here stay right there for a
second Cody has a surprise for you okay
stay right here hold my hand holy and
stay right here Cody has a surprise for
you this is something I know exactly
what Cody you gotta free I can't hold
the Beast back much longer Oh Cody has a
surprise for me okay hold on no he's not
ready he's not ready yet
I shouldn't be mrs. Solomon I'm
surprised you're not screaming I thought
for sure you would cry if he had to do
that honey
oh here do you know what Carly why don't
you run got him one
hey that was a good nap yes that was a
quickness he's happy to see me but he's
sad cuz he's probably hungry yeah yes
it's unwrapped you should we unwrap you
ah free for hopefully I'm covered enough
earlier today I was wondering why I felt
so flippin exhausted and then I just got
thinking he's five months old going on
six months old and every day day in day
out I nursed him I feed him I change his
diapers I bathe him along with the other
kids and I just sometimes I think we
just do things you know you just go with
the flow you just go
day in day out you just do the motions
and I think sometimes we forget just
like ah life is busy life is hard but
definitely worth that I laugh enough to
get me through the monotony of the day
is how you would say I don't really know
you community oh he's like an egg around
there here are you smelling it don't
don't get a mad
look let him just eat the meat he's
smiling at me so I put him to bed at
seven o'clock with the other kids and he
sleeps until about 7:00 7:30 and I'm
sure he wakes up and like wakes up
through the night but he doesn't ever
like not usually I shouldn't say never
because sometimes he does depending on
what's going on with him but for the
most part he sleeps all the way through
the night he is awake for about two
hours of the day then he'll take an hour
net in the evening sometimes if we're
pushing it he's awake for three hours
before
goes to bed but that's like a very long
time like if he's awake for three hours
that's oh that's a long time for him to
be awake he is totally a happy baby he's
happy if he's full and that's why I just
started giving him bottles after I nurse
him because he does not get enough for
me and it was too much
it was just becoming too much like I was
kind of becoming a zombie and I wasn't
able to like take care of the other kids
so this is the longest I've ever gone
nursing a baby I usually only go like
two months like I make it two months and
then I'm done and but this has been good
he nurses as much as he can from me and
then I feed him a bottle and I think
that works out good for both of us cuz I
get the satisfaction of nursing him and
he gets the fullness from a bottle so
we're both doing good in that department
and that's I think I think I don't know
why I just kind of want to give you a
little update on my baby but that's it
that's pretty much it I was sitting here
all cozy like changing the baby's diaper
and changing the baby's clothes and I
turn to talk to one of the other kids
and the next thing I know Olivia has
taken my baby and she are you doing with
him over here what are you - he's my
name's Lee Daniels really Oh Olivia I
miss you in your school I can't wait til
summer and we have every single day
together isn't that gonna be fine well
did you miss him did daddy buy you guys
a treat yeah we ate all of them you did
did you eat him in the suburban yeah dad
let you eat the treats of the suburban
you guys went and washed the car that's
what they were doing oh my goodness
Olivia well I couldn't end the vlog
without you here I was gonna end earlier
and I thought we need Olivia in our vlog
okay don't be too crazy with it but
stinking mm come out yet but when I was
in the car I called I I was really right
here at fill by metal
oh my word I took a nap with Lincoln
today while Joel and the kids went and
watched the suburban and it felt really
good I wasn't feeling very well and I
don't think Lincoln was either we both
had kind of like a sour tummy but I
think we both feel a lot better now
especially after our necks so we'll see
you guys in our next video bye guys
