my waiting for the camera to focus kids
are sitting in here in the bathroom
because it's the warmest place in the
house and they wanted to see this
picture from last night we told the kids
that Lincoln had fallen asleep in his
chair this night and yes he did tell me
that's not the cutest picture in the
world happen he just got in his chair
got comfy mm-hmm that was like 10:30 no
I moved him like they're doing to his
bed cuz - Lincoln fell asleep is chair
thinkin you fell asleep last night and
your chair is that funny you were silly
when I did move him he just looked at me
like what do you do we I ran upstairs so
I didn't interrupt everyone watching the
TV broadcast downstairs but as many of
you guys know our prophet of our church
died
a few weeks ago and today they're
calling a new prophet and they're also
sitting down and speaking to all of us
this is a wise procedure it places at
the head of the church the apostle who
has been longest in service he's known
well to the people and trusted by them
he himself knows the procedure of church
affairs
you're pleased to announce to you this
morning that president Russell M Nelson
was set apart as the 17th president of
the Church of Jesus Christ of latter-day
saints four days ago we laid to rest a
giant of a man
President Thomas s Monson on the morning
following president Monson's passing one
such prayer was offered by a four year
old boy
Heavenly Father thank you that President
Thomas s Monson you could see his wife
again thank you for our new prophet help
him to be brave and not scared that he's
new help him to grow up to be healthy
and strong and help us always to be nice
our Father in Heaven cherishes his
children and wants each of us to return
home to him this we will do with faith
in the Lord Jesus Christ in the sacred
name of Jesus Christ amen
oh boo we're not going to too far
Boston's gonna come with me to get my
nails done and he is already pouting you
will just find something to do nope
you'll just sit and hang out gonna come
with me to get my nails done
guess what we got here at 9:30 and my
appointments not till 11:00 okay
let's go run other errands because mom
didn't really pay attention to what was
going on
you're like a grown man making your own
peanut butter and jelly sandwich Boston
are you a grown man oh the other day I
started a project up here on the roof
and project is to lay this heated coil
all through the gutters so that there's
no ice buildup but as you can see I've
got a lot of like debris buildup
so we're grabbing the shop back that's
what you do got a shot back it's a
little disheartening that there's like
zero snow on roofs right now cuz it is
so warm outside I've been answering some
emails and getting some work done and
I've been listening to Boston and Brico
over there
ABC's and net Boston has an announcement
that he has a song he like to sing for
me so Boston the floor is yours
can I have a question what's that letter
that's the hardest one for kids to learn
JK what is it Elle good job I could hear
you guys practicing down stairs like
crazy when he was with me getting my
nails done I was like we're gonna go
home and work on your AP you're gonna
work on your ABCs well I get my work
done and then we can play together and
he that took a lot of convincing but we
did it and you guys did a good job
yeah I know that's what we beg the whole
time like there's no more treats well
I've got my extension cord strapped to
me rambo-style
I've got the vacuum ready to roll go
clean out some gutters I don't know why
this is so funny but this is guess v BB
that I have found just out on the cement
that means Cody is obviously getting
some use out of his BB gun and he's
shooting things I just hope it's not
because they're ricocheting off the
house because he's been shooting house
nails look like they're little too
delicate to be up here sweetie welcome
to the roof this is our house
look it's like an even road houses all
the way across all the way I could jump
you should try it oh look at our pergola
oh look how did Captain America get on
the roof should I just like walk on this
and I'm just kidding
Yeah right look at her like tree this is
a really fun angle from our yard well
hello there ripped it off last night the
wind was so insanely loud it was crazy
I'm gonna say something and I may regret
it one day I didn't Comcast stink
CenturyLink think I there's not a good
internet service out there I don't feel
like I really want like Google
fiber-optic to my house let me just say
something it's probably just our
location legette I didn't know that I
was scared of heights until this moment
and the moment that we did the that one
trust thing that one time and I was like
literally shaking oh yeah I really don't
like it up here at all like my stomach
hurts I feel like crying I feel like I'm
gonna freakin fall not funny at all I
think I hear
I just couldn't see how I was gonna get
from the roof to the ladder ha and just
took a second to like that's insane man
Bonnie will go on any in every single
ride in lagoon and not have a fear of
the world because I know it's secured in
no I don't trust those worth beans I
trust this all day long because I put
this up here I've seen machinery fell
away too many times no way it does
surprise me that that made you like stop
dead in your tracks and have all the
fear of the world because you're the
strongest person I know you're not
scared of anything or anybody
seriously hey Boston you want to come up
this is what I'm doing with my wire goes
three strands all the way down to on top
and one below and it's kind of like in a
triangle system now I just got to finish
the fishing it down there's one last
rain gutter to the floor and then we're
done it's kind of nice because I'm
actually standing on the roof of my shed
and it's so much more convenient than
like crouching down and kneeling my toes
feel like they're on fire standing here
is nice and cozy and I'm just gonna take
my time and enjoy tying up this last one
and fishing this down because I'm on a
cozy little spot and cozy did I mention
its cozy it's really cozy boy and then
look at the wet wipes you try clean
there was no cleaning this mess up look
at he probably I guarantee he took that
vacuum and tried vacuuming no he's gonna
do it whether I laugh or yell or scream
it's literally all over this into oh my
gosh breathe okay the whole thing's gone
this hole is it on this thing it's gone
stink what did you tell him I telling me
not to do
oh my gosh look at his feet Prince I'm
sure he did let me see you Lincoln that
is naughty this is gonna take forever to
pay well oh my god
butchy butchy
oh they're doing dude perfect it's
actually Boston got it on the stairs
like what oh okay
Cody Boston do not throw it that high
okay well good luck good luck let me
know if you succeed I made an entire
batch of snickerdoodle cookies and I was
good job Cody good job I put two
teaspoons of salt instead of one
teaspoon compared to my mom's and my
aunt's recipe and my aunt had at
Liberty's Peninsula they turned out
pretty good I'm just gonna scratch him
and try it again with 1/4 teaspoon salt
so here we go you want you a bottle flip
say Cody let me have a turn can you go
tell him I've got to get the kids fed
she's like I really want to try these
I'm gonna get the kids fed I'm gonna
make the second back to cookies Josey to
be gone tonight somebody put the camera
in we're gonna say good night to you
guys thank you so much for watching I
will see you guys tomorrow
