it's late in the evening and I could
really use some alone time but I just
couldn't justify me sitting out here
watching TV while I watched Little Miss
cutie pie sit in her room in there and
so I invited her out to sit with me and
all evening
she has been wanting to pull this tooth
out and all evening I had thought I
really need to pull the camera out and
show everybody how frickin cute she's
being because she is just dying huh it's
like someone is so loose huh oh my gosh
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh oh my gosh are you nervous to see
my men no no oh this makes me sick like
I hate this so much
oh my gosh she's just like being so
intense oh my god like I literally I'm
not even watching her like my eyes are
closed Oh does it hurt do part of it
feels like it's gonna come out I just
get wallet out that's it's hard I bet
you're gonna be the cutest stinking
six-year-old there ever was
I've only got I felt like this is so
scary
scratching out no luck with your tooth
last night huh oh hey I can see I can
see it in there yet we're keep working
on aren't we Boston Talk get out of my
room he's what we'll fly that monkey out
of here ah
you just hit my bed okay you know what I
think mm-hmm don't hit stuff with your
helmet okay
thank gosh for the last few minutes I
have been trying to do Boston's hair but
I guess when you're feeling the music
you're just feeling the music and he
will not hold his head still for me to
finish doing his when you feel you feel
that right dude oh not my new camera so
I just think what he asked me where are
we going so we're gonna tell you guys
and the kids at the same time we are
going with Joel's brother Jeffrey we're
going to his church's activity they're
going what they're going to the new
schemes right here in love it yeah Patti
there's a new ski resort and there's two
big enough what else is there ice
skating I'm not exactly sure how
everything's gonna work so I'm not gonna
say yes you can go ice skating but
what's going to fight yeah so you might
be able to I guess we have some food
open your finger open your finger here
did you just hear Lincoln just wheel
over there okay I'm gonna go get the
truck unhitched hey please don't take
this band-aid off I see this is the 20th
man later on but you know you cannot
have a boss and hardly has this look at
him they fit him in the beginning of the
year but they don't fit him now oh hey
honey not good okay
uh-oh is this a parking spot get me now
seriously is this a parking spot hmm
look how stinky cute she is up there
oh hello Lincoln Roy all right baby
this is the brand new cherry peak lodge
and we are here with uncle Jeff huh Cody
stay over here bud we're gonna go down
this huge tipping hill come on boys come
here yeah that thing is like get it
that's it's kind of like making my tummy
churn cuz I watch your wiggling I don't
have a weak stomach but for some reason
that is doing it to me are we gonna go
high Oh Boston are you scared huh okay
I'll hold you I'll hold you olivia is
walking clear up there doesn't you know
you stand on an escalator has nobody
taught her these things go go go go go
whoo okay Cody Clark sit in there Cody
that's just your size oh boy my carne oh
man
okay Boston wait oh hey come here chubs
you set him on my lap for me sure hey
you ready
is this bud say yeah
I seriously don't know drop the camera
was that fun yeah did you like it did
you love it okay we're going that again
yeah hey that goes there
Cody's not exactly sure how the lines
work Cody Cody you gotta wait your turn
that's his turn now you got to leave him
the tube okay okay
give him the tube will get inlinable
though again with Zachary it's yours but
hey come on let's go okay that's matched
kids watch what's up
look aunt Tiffany made look but Cody
Boston and Tiffany made daddy a hat and
different made me a hat look I got a hat
too I got a hat what to do you want
little too how do you want to ride on it
how do you want to go down on
on your tummy you're crazy look they're
taking this taking some of the speed out
of it
you got to tear up the track a little
bit it's a little too fast
seriously they're cruising I thought I
was gonna lose you guys
Olivia Cody Clark wave your hands wave
your hands yay you're gonna go on a
little - just like that huh are you
looking judge this have a little cookie
by the fireplace enjoying yourself
drunken sip I am comes tough I am come
soon
what cookie did you choose you got an
M&M one
I mean by the brownie good job you guys
what you want Anna to by yourself I'll
lend you a little tube did you go by
yourself I thought that you guys would
for sure share it too but you got your
own yes amazing oh you had the little
one
well me and Lincoln had a little party
in here you did you're gonna stay with
that Tiffany and I'm gonna go on a run
I'm kind of nervous hope he's good for
you do I know how much you love this
ride what do I want to watch me go down
yes I want to watch you go down okay I'm
gonna watch you um literally my
eyelashes are gonna come off in this
snow I wasn't planning on coming out in
the snow but Tiffany was like just go
just do it and I really did want to get
out in the fresh snow because it was too
pretty like I just wanted to come out
and be in the fresh air I swear when you
have a newborn it's really easy to just
like sit inside and not do anything and
be a hermit I love it it feels so good
to be in the warm comfort cozy baby in
your neck the thing just stopped you
stop but it feels good to make make
myself get out here in the fresh air
this is honestly good for your soul oh
my word
where's Olivia is that Olivia oh sweet
mom like here comes daddy he literally
is like a miracle like joel makes
anything happen hey big guy oh shoot
shut up dude on purpose hi oh hey Chacko
face did you have some hot cocoa let me
see your face did you guys see my
chocolate oh that's just a mustache
yeah when was the last time that we
we're going to snowstorm together I
remember oh we've been in a few
snowstorm snowstorms sure oh that's cuz
I do Big Dipper my call
seriously I'm too big to slip up my
sweaters ginormous though my eyelashes
are gonna fall off they'll be okay
you'll make it the Blues gonna blues
gonna come watch it you're falling apart
do you know how nice your mom is she's
in there watching my baby for me have a
nice little wife oh you guys look so
cute I know
ready Zachary you ready Cowboys I'm
excited for you I want to hear you so
excited oh but just gonna go look here
you two go I want to watch you guys
Hostin we don't watch this just watch oh
he's so excited he's not even nervous oh
oh that's such a cute look hey Lizzie
don't go go go people are waiting huh no
I want you to go I want you to go yeah
ready 1 2 3
I just clobbered the boy behind me you
tell me one to go
okay you might want to kick me here you
give me a good kick I will okay ready
what's behind me chicken this is like
the most like peaceful Chloe I kind of
like going backwards but it's kind of
amazing you guys don't swear in camera
don't he'll hold my tomb Oh big man
thank you
dad's holding your tube oh wow
what's he got like I hated your too and
his to say tube King thanks for helping
me big man
you're the best helper there ever was
well nothing oh no we're not dropping it
he said I'm not dropping drop it okay
Wow like Daddy like son you're gonna be
the best hardest worker in the world
I'm so glad I came out yo I saw the
waddle you like yeah I saw you go down
the hill yeah dad totally goes back one
hour yeah I know that's because you're
cutting in line
shoo go get some hot chocolate don't do
that
it feels good to be out here but up up
above
I'm loving it good evening nobody nothin
oh here's your turn Boston MA get in
there Jeff just throw them on down
that's how you do it
you'd out of here yeah there goes Cody
there goes Cody there goes Olivia that's
amazing
thank you so much for watching I think
this is our last run so we are gonna say
goodbye to you and we'll see you in our
next video
yeah did you really
