Lincoln is taking a nap good morning you
guys I thought I would get up and get
ready and be beautiful for you guys but
I can't bring myself to do it
I am too tired I am too much tired
doesn't work these kids are ready for a
snack
I plan on going to the gym today and let
me tell you the number one reason that
sometimes I think it's hard to stay
going to the gym because of my hair and
my showering situation I like to wash my
hair every couple of days and when I go
to the gym I sweat like a fool and I I
don't like having to wash my hair or
like today I really didn't want to like
get ready doc I am NOT gonna get ready
and then go to the gym like who has time
fit oh I went to the gym way into the
locker room having a little meltdown
um it's intimidating you guys going to
the gym is scary and I think that a lot
of people feel that way oh it's fun
little kids are amazing um anyway I got
a text from an old friend that I love
your name was ty scribe and anyway I
love him and I was so excited to hear
from him he's off did you get a good
workout
never heard from him in a long time
anyway it was kind of fun that he saw me
I'm not sure if it's a good thing that
you saw me anyway you're one of the gym
again today we're going to do this yeah
and we're going to see the fish and I'm
going to get hot again tonight for
dinner we are doing teriyaki chicken
chicken teriyaki sauce and pineapple
that's it rice
good in fact Ellie is the one that
taught me that sometimes is the sauce
that makes it or breaks it I'm going to
show you the sauce we use because
sometimes those can be really gross like
either it's good or it's cut that and I
think this kind is good I don't know if
you can even see that anyway that's a
kind he is these are you will you hold
the camera do not drop it
do you promise you won't drop it Hey I
feel not damn I don't know okay
so come show over here okay I have heard
so this is rice so I have heard that
you're supposed to massage like pinch
the rice in the water I've heard that
that like helps it to be better I don't
know like cooks better or something I
don't really know anyway you rinse it
like three times and then you massage it
and supposedly that's supposed to make
the rice like better I don't know I
don't know if that's even true but I've
done that for a really long time think
you know how when you cook rice it gets
a really nasty film like that's supposed
to help with it or something I don't
know I'm just trying to fill you with BS
I guess put some chapstick on your lips
I mean hold it okay okay yeah put it on
your lips
no you Lots put all over your lips
because they're kind of chappy that's
good you twisting it down yeah okay
here's the lid
you put it back in the drawer yeah close
the drawer when you're done okay let's
go down then take a nap keep your eyes
closed no taiyou story once upon a time
there's a little boy named Boston Wade
and he was the fastest runner in the
world and he ran so fast
he was runnin runnin runnin runnin I
just kept runnin runnin runnin runnin
and where did when - when he ran so fast
he ran all the way to Grandma's house
and when he got there he knocked on the
door and grandma opened and said ah hi
Boston Wade oh gosh I see and I grandpa
pulled up in the driveway and what was
he driving a truck a truck or his
motorcycle yes my grandpa said hi Boston
I want a big kiss so grab so Boston gave
grandmas and grandpas hugs and kisses
and in Boston said Wow my mommy's gonna
miss me so Boston turned around
all the way home and my bag uncle just
like on his bike when he got home he
rode his bike all the way around and
when mommy songs she was so happy to see
Boston that she gave him a big hug and a
kiss and Boston was so tired so he laid
in his bed and you took a nice little
nap at asleep and he went to sleep good
night but it largest or Trice the second
Olivia brought the spoon home and told
me that we had to decorate this they
have to let her just for like a fun
they're not cloudy Martha yeah I knew
that we were not going to agree on the
extent and the elaboration of this dress
and so I put a dress on it and Olivia is
gonna decorate it and I will give you a
thousand points if you guys can
recognize where these flowers came from
I think specifically is that one what
video not just oh you're supposed to
guess look you know how many pencils
this girl has bought and she steals my
quarters and she buys pencils at school
don't you
she's focusing yes jakey's job fuck
focus on man I got a matter yeah Lincoln
yeah yeah we weren't gonna decorate it
with food coloring color to those match
this one is Cody's and Mama's gonna hold
it and you can hold yours okay do you
love your pocketknife
hey guy yeah what Sam's I got me it did
Santa Claus bring that to you well there
you are there's 2 step for you baby yeah
look at your new big thing what did you
say
come on in our bedroom I'm so excited
don't close your eyes okay hold my hand
close your eyes okay I'm coming
close your eyes they're closed now look
don't do Cody did you clean yet you got
lovely feel maybe inkling Nina you love
thieving and cleaning up
look I noticed you put every single
pillow on so nicely and did you even
straighten that blanket oh my gosh Cody
you did so good and that all my work in
my friend just like I'm in that maybe a
friend I'm like I grow up and you you
marry somebody else and Stephanie but
why me
but and for worst your friends still
give you my sister well I'm really not
hey Cody I'm on marry you yeah you know
what
whoever gets to marry you is so lucky
look right at me yeah what's that
is that a gun did you bite a focus did
you bite your banana bread into the
shape of a gun yeah do you know that you
did that with everything when you were
little we just got back from the gym and
all of us I would say have a really nice
time it was the first time I did this
class and I was like hoping nobody was
hearing me like grunt cuz I was like
grunting and screaming it was an
hour-long class and I bet it was hard
like yeah
it was manageable I really feel like I
can do it I don't know it was fun like
it felt rejuvenating to go and just and
see like I don't know I just felt really
like good in the class learn so there is
something that watches our videos those
in the class of me and I don't know I
kind of felt like we're becoming kids
you know what I haven't read that good
club whoo
Clark you found a friend named Park yeah
she loves playing frisbee that's awesome
and did you make any friends
okay maybe home person um came to me
instead I reckon it huh and as I guess
some what's her name
oh yeah Hallie hey six was a Hallie I
don't know I don't know I didn't ask her
that yeah but that was kind of cool that
you saw someone that saw our videos
watches that watches our videos not cool
to be making that's awesome I'm so glad
that you guys found friends and that
I've found a friend for it it's
important to make that it's important to
make sure no matter what age you are
guys thanks so much for watching
in the next video bye guys
