all right stop number one of today's
errands is going to Lowe's so that we
can return some stuff huh make him
unhappy and that's about it we've got
we've pretty well cleaned up everything
from the remodel and I had lots of
little odds and ends that like stuff I
bought
didn't quite need now we got to return
it and I have to pick up another door
and we're starting the bathroom so
that's top number one top number two is
dropping off uncle Jarrod's machine so
that we can pretty much clean everything
up from our day out the other day that's
what your days off are is you just run
errands you take care of things but I
have two days off in a row so I'm going
to work hard today and tomorrow me and
Bonnie are going to sit on our butts and
enjoy ourselves all day stop three is my
favorite stop because we are at renegade
sports like my favorite place in the
world there's four-wheelers everywhere
they're everywhere snowmobiles
everything I love this store but I got
to get my machine service so we're
dropping it off and then we're gonna go
to stop number four but look who I got
with me partner in crime is the Hat
little guy just climbed out of his seat
it's just ready to go as soon as we
pulled up dead I go I go in I go in
there I go I go with you drunk with me
bad yeah
can you say hi look at me say hi hi
hello hear what boots you're wearing hey
what shoes you wearing what are those
what are they firefighter boots are they
warm your pants warm he's been saying to
me all morning I want warm pants I want
warm pants he's been complaining that
his Levi's weren't very warm because
we're driving here he's like I watched
him he was just staring at his pants
looking at him like hmm he's off these
are one these are warm dad crazy kid hi
bud
okay we are at stop number four can you
show four fingers yeah four fingers
right there sort of and we are picking
up stuff because we're starting the
bathroom downstairs we've ran all of our
little errands this is our last stop and
we're gonna go home and get to work
but we've had a busy morning and my
little guy fell in the snow at the
four-wheeler place and he was not happy
so we had to warm up his hands and warm
up your feet any warm now yeah okay
let's go to the store this is the final
at last stop we're home
actually we got to go back to the store
I couldn't decide on tile so I need
pretty much the bosses okay Bonnie I
need her to decide for sure Wichita she
likes I pinned it down to like four or
five but I really want some
clarification on which one she likes cuz
I want her to be happy but we're back
home and I don't have to drag the
trailer around and that makes life so
much easier and I think we're gonna have
some lunch now because I'm starving
starvin Marvin here right here
Oh Missy I want to see what is he
showing you ma sit up you better listen
to your brother you want to listen to
your brother come here
say I go take my coat off God to God
take my coat off go through coach here
ya go
he said that don't go to my mom's house
and he we were all getting ready to
watch a movie and all the kids are
laying down he's all Bob take my coat
off oh no he doesn't want it well that's
a really cool tank what's the call up
hoodie I can't catch it oh that's a
chair Tannenbaum chicken nice difference
um I don't know if you guys have noticed
the quality of today's video thus far
but we
something should we show him Oh believe
me that's not really I have thought I'm
like um they're gonna like see much
clearer my face and all everything I'm
like I don't know if I want to get a new
one but here she is there's a viewfinder
find yourself in the view guys when Jill
and I started YouTube
we bought a camera and we said were like
when we hit 50 was it ten thousand
degrees we were like if we can ever hit
10,000 subscribers we're going to go on
a cruise because we I've always wanted
to go on a cruise and so we don't attend
Madison and we're like there's no way in
heck we are going on a cruise right now
like what were we thinking so we're like
50 like in 50 thousand that's what we'll
do we got 250 thousand over and we every
time we would talk about it we're like
oh there's no way we could go on a
cruise right now yeah anyway we hit a
hundred we hit a hundred and fifty like
you guys we're not going on a cruise so
we hit a million so let's get to a
million I want to go to who's guys no I
don't think that's ever gonna happen
but we did say I was like we have to do
something I'm like we have never done
anything like getting these amazing
milestones on YouTube so we got a new
camera gonna camera gonna camera Boston
God take mikoto
god take my coat off it like looks
clearer like I'm looking in the
viewfinder I'm like oh it looks good and
any time
oh I'm little nervous for you to like go
in the basement cause people are like
the basement looks so good but they're
gonna see the little flaws not it won't
no they won't
so another reason that we got another
new camera is because I have been
watching vlogs on my big TV downstairs
it doesn't look good in the video or in
pictures it's a 65-inch
it's huge anyway well it's 4k and so
it's for cave if it's not if every
stuff's not high-def already
everything is just blurry fuzzy terrible
yeah so
I was like if people are watching these
videos and we're this fuzzy that's not
very fun and so I thought if we're
putting up content for people to watch
it may as well be good content yes we
did it for you for answer me so I got
the canon g7x on Jarrod's request
I heard one jared suggestion I know of
course hey he's gonna like knock your
teeth up I know I'm gonna knock your
teeth out oh let me guess oh that is so
sweet
hi bud oh that's for sure
we gotta know where to down for you but
this is the first time we've put him in
here and we lowered it down for you look
he's like looking he's loving it I think
this thing needs wash though oh yeah for
sure well been in storage oh yeah
look at that oh man there's not one of
our kids that doesn't make them big old
face like that he is honestly the few
days he was looking at Boston can you
show them how to play with it it makes
it noisy can you show them how to play
with it look he's chewing on this so
maybe let's get it clean and get some
batteries in it yeah yeah but first yeah
I think we need to go get some lunch
because mommy is starving and I'm so
happy that Joel what I'm glad that Joel
is home he worked the weekend so I'm
gonna hurry and clean up my kitchen and
then we are gonna go get some lunch so
we don't have to dirty it again told the
flooring blends in
the old concrete like she can barely
tell what is the new floor and what's
the old nasty concrete just keep the old
nasty concrete is cheaper you don't love
it I like it we're gonna have to see the
finished product
I won't box this up and take it back if
you do not like it no I like it
I like your voice not my first choice my
mom actually picked this up for her
bathroom no stairs I was like oh I don't
like it love it Joel loves it
I'm compromising this bathroom is not
exactly what I had in mind but it's okay
okay it's fine you're the one doing that
word around all that stuff whatever
shower there's so much John so much crap
look right here
I'm not Livia finder and this is
nobility uh-huh I go see they can see
themselves now okay tell me at school um
I every single day when I go to school I
have chocolate milk or heat light milk
and what would you choose I always
picked acne you want chocolate milk
yummy why are you so goofy our
six-year-olds just kind of goofy mmm yes
they're so interested in this new camera
I kind of empty up you I went to the gym
the other day and I live Ian Cody go to
a little Zumba class that they had and
Olivia loved it Cody did not and ever
since then she comes home from school
she's like can I please do Zumba I tried
doing the Zumba class there and
apparently you have to be in a good mood
to go to Zumba because I was not a good
mood and if I'm
good mood I couldn't do it so I went
downstairs ran on the treadmill
instead what uncle who uncle Jeff's
house like this get your balance and
then jump you're supposed to get like
this and put your feet up when you
bounce jump on those pillow bring them
in neat frag do it going out I don't
know what you're talking about
I'm so excited
hurry up
okay Joel's gonna finish up the bathroom
hopefully hopefully he's gonna get the
bathroom done where's the baby go Oh
true story
well you're first looking at houses with
an offer on that other house annual or
took yeah and I bought this vampire we
can see me I thought I'm gonna model my
house to see are you kidding me are you
okay hold it up how your dear
Joel's gonna finish something bathroom
kids are gonna go to bed and I am going
to edit this vlog cozy up for you in the
morning
have a good night guys
yeah
