I'd like Trey I gave you trained yeah
yeah I'm saying Emma a Cooper go potty
try to give him marshmallow you do all
my word is that video um how did you
guys sleep last night
did you like sleeping in Olivia's new
bed you're called zipping bag but
Jackson compair yep you did that's right
you tiger
I can't believe you got to cuss my time
I can't believe they left my tooth on
your nail when I got a side joke
we'll put it under the pillow tonight
cuz he forgot to do it last night was a
long night we got home so late and you
have fun at your Laura's do did you know
that Laura is Emma's aunt and guardian -
well kind of because why she's what
landed that's his girlfriend that land
and yeah yep that's me whose phone is
that
he told Emma this morning he goes this
is not yours she's mommy's said mom the
baby didn't do it really good
didn't do what decide we couldn't see a
slob Oh like did Bri not know how to
work the Sun that's okay that's okay
never color done do you know what she
said she said you guys were so good last
night
no I'm so proud of you guys you want me
to call daddy daddy's in bed asleep he's
a bum what please get a career that snow
that fake snow belt
I'm around some food you want some food
regular stereo what sir - let's go in
and see what we can find okay can you
see that I want him to shake his hips
phrase but just like lump on a log
you won't won't get excited yeah but
that was only half hearted yeah I missed
you so much last night
I don't know if it's possible to love
him more are you giving that dirty look
- mmmm moving in on my game how bad
mm-hmm okay mommy makes me shake my hips
- yeah hi hey you big boy mmm mmm Joe we
have a blue-eyed baby but I can't
believe it I cannot believe you
this is oh yes and you know what we're
gonna drive down to Grandma's in this I
personally love driving in the snow I
think it's just fun we had so much fun
last night
but we're reliving it this morning while
we get ready look you see the fire Cody
yeah yesterday when we brought Emma home
with us we were in such a hurry but we
didn't even bring any clothes for you so
you came shopping in Olivia's pajamas
today and we picked up an outfit just
for you and Olivia she was gonna a
matching outfit does that sound fun does
that sound fun she's been such a good
girl she's I think she's been a little
timid so she's just been walking around
with me being a good girl and you still
got your head sison don't Johnny I just
got out of the bathroom changing and
let's see your outfit and we've got
Olivia the matching one you look so
sunny gonna show him the heart on your
shirt yes her pants were a little big
but I think they'll be okay I bet when
you wash them and dry them one time they
might be just perfect
she would go give over here her outfit
ice-skating it was so fun daddy says I I
told him I asked him if I could go ice
skating with him when I'm eight Joel
you're the nicest dad we were we didn't
it was a huge headache and Joel drove
Olivia to the ice-skating rink because
we missed the bus we didn't think she
was going anyway you made it now we're
on our way to Grandma's in good time do
you like Emma's outfit yeah cuz I did
you say one yes you took your Boston way
did you take your shoes off
spring foggy I can see it's kind of
foggy it's been a little wintry out
there
this has been the first winter that
we've had like all consistent snow in a
while I'm loving it how many times have
we've driven this Canyon job Oh hundreds
oh no way more than hundreds we've
probably dripped this thousand yeah
that's every bit of mileage on our
vehicles you ask me this Canyon are you
making a snow cave make a snow house
make it a snow house that's awesome what
saying you want a plow for your
four-wheeler so bad but they are very
expensive so probably not wowser that
was hard to get on you but we did it
look at you you're ready to go outside
let's go find out what everyone's doing
this code so later Hey this go outside
oh you look so good and warm this is the
first time we're going out he's so
excited good cheap fun my god I was like
good cheap fun that's the way to do em
babies hi Kate you gotta get on that one
hey kids don't care this is my man oh
heck no this is easy well I say this is
easy you're doing all the legwork Shari
see that there buster Rooney oh he
doesn't even try seriously he is the kid
off of the Christmas story
this one ready to go I don't wanna hit
your home still good job say thank you
grandma
there are there are a lot of little kids
all over the place and mom said shoes I
can't believe these are my mind
there goes Cody Cody I think you're just
in the way you better get out of there
how come you feel smoking why make it
with your girlfriend it up have we made
out this okay yeah we've called into
yours and I don't even have a
recollection of that did it well my mine
really wasn't that great what my mind
mom and I yeah one night we like made
out machine okay why are you so happy
we're happy you're a happy baby as you
can see the party is behind us and I
could hear this
singing just belting out singing and I
see the gate is open and there's a lot
of foot tracks and I hear this little
marshmallow sing in his guts out what
are you singing back here
what song are you singing
keep your eyes on me shut up and dance
with me sing it what here gloves on
there yeah yeah do you like grandma's
house yeah yeah you're swinging on here
you bet your britches you are right here
on the side of the house right here we
have our sunny dog buried yep our sunny
dog that we were raised with is buried
right over here we are going in the cave
as siblings oh my goodness alone this is
your ID again this is kind of fun
come on both kids in here no seriously
get in here right Romeo what sorry Julie
get in here Bobo
come on in here should we specially
making a good job in this cave
where's Julie build a nice how do we do
it is always you're missing the counter
- we are we're missing five Oh every
night every night we we give thanks for
you
you know just what great spirit you are
it's it now you're know all of you
you've all played a role in Mary and
where we're at today you've married well
you're raising your kids wonderfully you
treat mom and I like gold you know it's
just not my parents well yeah there are
a lot of parents out there that can say
that and I'm just glad to be one of them
we're having a little bit of quiet time
just trying to control the kids uncle
Bubba was taking a nap because he
desperately needs one and this is how
we're entertaining the kids they just
had an ice cream cone another each
senpai oh and grandpa showed us the
citric acid is flammable
he blew grant ha okay kids watch grandpa
watch what he's doing see ya gonna
squirt the juice on it that's kind of
cool Cody why I'm doing this fall on my
cell my cell caching if I have grandpa
I'm seeking to the hole myself
let me see your fingers let me smell
your feet that's for classrooms why
would you want to see that thank you
guys so much for watching
alternative energy thank you guys so
much for watching this minute
