good morning you guys I just got back
from the grocery store for kids I just
laid Lincoln down for his nap and now I
need to make some soup for dinner
because I feel like we need like a nice
homemade warm dinner even though we just
had a homemade soup this is a totally
different kind of soup I'm gonna make
cheese and broccoli soup today and I
wanted the kids to be occupied while I
was doing it but I want with me so I'm
going to let them watch a movie right
here in the kitchen they left and they
eat so now what is he gonna do he's
gonna give you one account do you want
to get okay let's see you so Boston's
Valentine treat of choice is the
lifesaver gummies which hey Detroit and
you he didn't even know that these will
I can seize and maybe he saw him on Mad
vert Iseman or something but he kept
telling me I want candy hearts I'm like
candy heart so I thought okay you can
each pick out a treat and you can watch
a movie so you guys are gonna watch and
have a few treats and I'm gonna take it
Cody's gonna pick it that's right and
then you're gonna take your nap and what
are you gonna watch when you wake up
from your nap
go take your treat out so I can hear ya
shirt fleet Labs go wait one more time
shucks we love y'all sharp shirt plain
waffle girl I love you right
look at my candy I promise I will not
take your candies okay stop drawing in
the dust
please go hang your coat up
and you're gay
nope you're not going to hang it on the
door open or and hang up click it way up
Oh
click shame I uh okay Bob Boston what do
you tell your brother say it loud so we
can hear you thank you thank you all
right that's a good older brother yeah
can you go give him a hug oh oh he got a
kiss - thanks bye sting don't hate
código close the door yeah he's in the
kitchen
hurry Kosovar okay and he has to go
potty you're not having the scissors you
can't have the scissors I love coffee ax
no we're not cutting our treats
so far I've sautéed my onion and my
celery and butter and don't ask exact
measurements because I've learned how to
do this from my mom and she does not do
exact measurements so that's how I've
learned I'm I cut up my potatoes and I'm
unwrapping some bouillon cubes and I
call her to make my last recipe I have
this is probably not even going to be on
my face but when I call her to make my
last recipe I asked her I'm like how
many bullion cubes you usually put in
there and she goes just until I get sick
of unwrapping them and I thought that
was hilarious like I was like mom does
so and it's kind of like it hit or miss
thing it's either like our soups are
amazing or they're like okay and it's
just because maybe she was on the ones
that were good maybe she just got really
sick of unwrapping her bullion cubes I
don't know but I think it's hilarious
I'll put a rough estimate down below for
my oh sorry I was like showing you the
ceiling I'll put a rough estimate below
on the recipe but I'm not like promising
anything you might be better off just
searching cheese and rock
soup recipes because I don't know I just
kind of throw them together I opened the
fridge and I pulled out the cheese and I
thought oh this is how much cheese I had
this is how much cheese is going into
the soup and I'm sitting here grading
the cheese as I'm making the soup and I
just thought the reason my mom probably
doesn't have the exact recipe is because
her mom and her mom's mom it's like it
probably is like not even probably
whatever they had in the fridge went
into the soup if they didn't have it
they went without it so I'm putting this
much cheese in my soup because that's
how much cheese I have did you think and
sometimes now the potatoes are boiling
I'm going to add my broccoli and I'll
turn that on low and just kind of let
that sit in there and cook for a minute
while I make the cheese roux and that's
the part that I still I've made this I
don't even know how many times a lot of
times and I still have not really
learned how to do it I still don't know
if I'm supposed to cook on medium or
whatever it just scares me because you
sit and stir it forever and forever and
like the cheese doesn't melt and I start
getting like frantic and anyway I'll do
my best with it though hallelujah I got
the room aid with the cheese melted in
it it's always a scary process unlike oh
if I turn it up do I turn it down do I
turn it up too I turn it down you just
keep stirring that's basically the rule
you just keep stirring and I am awful at
talking and doing anything and recording
because the camera just like slowly
starts drifting anyway I'm gonna put my
roux with my soup and I think I'm pretty
much done I'm gonna salt and pepper the
crap out of it
but this is perfect timing because
Lincoln just woke up from his nap so I'm
gonna go at Lincoln and put Boston down
for a nap
do you wanna wake him up okay Boston
sitting on the couch was he was being
naughty you want to wake him up okay
boss is gonna help me wake him up hold
on one second hold on come on
this is time to wake up
did you get your arm out snip you oh oh
yes see what he's been doing with his
hips he pushes his feet up and he just
shakes his hips all around cuz that's
the only thing that I could do and he's
so so excited this is like a daily
occurrence shake those hippies around
yes see what he's doing good morning
daddy said you tried rolling over
earlier hey have you tried moving
earlier show me what you made
he already showed me and it is so cool
dum-dum what is it a rocketship car it's
a rocketship car that is so cool where
did you get that idea from the bad Andy
on Toy Story tell me what you told me
upstairs about it oh I want to do the
sink I wonder a car rocket ship yeah are
you gonna be bad like that Andy you know
tell me she just could be a good boy so
you want to be like the bad Andy but
you'll still be a good boy yeah okay I
can live with that
I can live with that oh I love it it is
the fire part I love it
you make sure to put those scissors away
so Boston doesn't get into okay that's
his shelf that's the shelf you wanted
are we just playing quietly while Boston
takes his nap
could I have candy big hearts yes and
you brought me one didn't you why did
you bring me when take you my favorite
mommy
oh we grow more oh he's trying he's
trying yeah we were sued yep he used to
be over there kind of scooted his way
over here hmm you are just moving and
happy Oh
what did you say ma what did you say
yes oh my goodness Thanks oh yeah yes go
probably cause the tape Olivia I am so
excited for you to be home from school
can't believe that I get to go
ice-skating yes because I made it to my
a Argo and when you get your EA article
you get to go ice-skating I got to and
my daddy signed it this is the first
time I've seen Olivia she's been to
school all day and this morning Joel got
up with the kids and then I went to an
appointment and stuff so I didn't even
get to see oh no I'm so happy to see you
are you feeling better
do you still feel sick nope you'd feel
just great now don't check I'm eating I
need I know
Boston you take a really good nap and
then one night are you getting quite
ugly and she took a really good nap oh
wow I'm so glad that you're rewarding
him for taking
now did co2 creamy yeah
and yes beer Olson okay very nice good
job so you learn to make it
let's look like right here how is a hot
phone this one and there's one still
looks yes Olivia I am glad you're
feeling better I'm glad you're home from
school you need a drink
can you say mom can I please have a
dream Kaplan color yep okay baby true
yes that's a much nicer way of asking
this is probably the best suit I have
ever made I had a I had a taste of it
earlier the butters kind of settling up
at the top I had a little taste of it
earlier and it literally is the best
soup I think I've ever made at least of
this kind I'm sad about this because I
don't know how he got it at night do you
know how he got it oh he probably
scratched his little face with this
finger nail is probably what happened
yeah that's a little blinky meter I know
don't touch his hands cuz we're still
just trying to watch germs kinda you
sure love that boy don't you you're
happy oh yes sir
yes sir oh you're talking do you want my
mind your mama do you know that you can
come back and say mom I lied about
something and I want to tell you the
truth do you know that that's okay too I
think that's probably my number one
thing is like a fear of them like
thinking that they have to lie to me so
if you lie you can always come back and
tell me the truth
right and he could be punished not just
honest yeah we want to be honest huh
Boston do we fly godly see a white dog a
little yeah he said I didn't happen his
jingle I did not take his ginger but he
did
that's a line in Boston do we lie to
mama Boston look at me
do we lie to mama ya know you tell me
the truth you be honest those are not
all right I think we're going to end on
that life lesson right there be honest
and if you lie it's always okay to go
back and tell the truth later hey hey
hello - thought Sharkboy and Lavagirl
could teach us something so awesome
okay we'll see you guys our next video
bye guys hey what you want Lincoln to
say goodbye
