good morning you guys a lot has changed
since last time we talked
so one thing cube being too huge thing
this cute girl this is Bree and our
couch this is our couch and the one
thing that I wish so bad so we knew I
know that I want to put my rocking chair
right here in the corner and I knew that
this was going to come out but I didn't
want this side of the room to be closed
off so in my mind I thought this is
going to be perfect but I wish so bad
that I would put this on this end and
that on this end so we could lay by the
fireplace
anyway that's okay what who's asking me
questions me what and I get it go do I
tell a play area oh that's what you're
saying yes so today we're going to be
going onto Ogden we're gonna let them
play in a play area Cody's going to go
to tumbling for the first time today we
have these guys coming oh thank you for
putting that down you guys are awesome
yes figured we might need a little more
room you are awesome thank you I'm so
they're putting the granite around the
fireplace and it's beautiful and
yesterday got in the mail the stuff for
our food storage so we've got these
shelves and then we have another the
food shelves are going to go right here
so we can finally clean out Olivia's
closet I just feel like a million bucks
and the reason I kind of feel like in my
inbox is because funny thing so Ellie
met Bree a couple of times shopping and
then I met her at one of our meetups and
then I ran into her brother again at a
grocery store I was like um can I have
your sister's phone number because I
want her to come and help me and like
come to my house entertain my kids while
I do stuff help me do my dishes so
yesterday that's exactly what she did
she helped me do my dishes while I did
the laundry she held the baby while I
took a shower I went into town I did a
million different errands so I honestly
feel like a new woman
I told Joel when I was going to bed I
was like
have a headache I was like I love a
headache and I did everything I needed
to today anyway so that's what we are
hitting to do and I can see the kids are
the DVDs so camera really needs to go
out before Boston gets killed you guys
would think after a year of vlogging
that I wouldn't be nervous to fly in
front of people but those guys are down
there Bri was down there and I turned
the camera off and I was like I am like
dripping sweat down the back of my neck
so that was like a big thing for me to
vlog in front of it yeah we have a
little video of Cody doing this exact
same thing with my mom like three years
ago he was just tiny this kid he look at
me like oh good Cody you're pretty good
that's gonna get you oh gods proud dad
wants him to be a baseball player oh did
you know daddy played baseball in high
school okay I want to know I want to
know are you nervous or excited excited
are you excited
do you know I think I might be a little
more excited than you Cody was not
excited about wearing his sweat outfit
today how come they keep falling down
because they keep falling down
so we safety-pin the back of them hot
let me see yep so we safety pin the back
of him and hopefully they'll stay up
enough for today but I told him that I'd
find him so new like like exercise
shorts huh do you know how excited I am
to bring you here I am so excited we got
out of it out of the house today and he
said how many degrees is it out here mom
okay it's 31 degrees not that cold
do you have a question you asked
welcome to Cody alright come on down
alright let's start off with bare pearls
would you dare cross me we're down one
day our legs are straight and they're
out in a straddle will we walk with our
bottom up in the air that kind of slowly
alright let's go up teacher ready
Am I did you have that is so I think you
don't wanna get home yes did you work up
a huge appetite did you work up a huge
appetite Oh Cody I'm so glad you had fun
I just knew you what I'm gonna come back
again you are we're gonna come back next
week
yeah next week welcome back now in a
couple of days I'll tell you went okay
okay awesome I'm here in the little boy
section and picking Cody out a new
outfit for tumbling because he hates
those sweatpants because they fall off
of him and so I'm picking them out put
my backpack down mm don't tell Joel okay
um I'm sitting here picking him out some
shorts he was he's four years old
turning five and a handful of months the
shorts that fit him are 24 months so I'm
sitting here trying to find some like 24
months shorts with a 40 shirt and I just
feel like this section it makes me so
sad being in this section leg he's just
not a little boy anymore it just makes
me kind of sad like I just want to get
him a shirt that says
like I don't know something a little
boyish not no I don't want him to wear
cool clothes like I don't want him
wearing anything cool like he's not cool
he's just my cute boy and I just think
this is kind of weird guys yeah she
bought me what that box is my room and I
could open it with my pocket knife yep
he grabbed his pocket knife and Cody has
he's gonna open a box for me so this is
the final product of the fireplace and
I'm not even sure what I think like big
cage didn't area I'm not exactly sure
what I think I think I just need to get
some decorations around it and maybe it
will seem a little more fitting I'm not
really sure so our plan for the night we
are gonna sit in our basement we're
probably gonna watch a movie together
and snuggle and first thing I'm gonna do
I brought the lotion out I've had a few
people ask me what kind of lotion I use
on the kids I love this stuff anyways
I'm gonna lotion the kids up because all
of them have dry faces dry hands and put
chapstick on their lips get their teeth
brushed and just have a quiet evening I
think it's only like 4:30 right now and
we're all in our jammies already because
I just thought let's just get cozy and
hang out together so that's kind of our
plan you fell asleep in the car and she
never falls asleep in the car do you
think the Buster's Thank You boss well I
don't feel it'll show eyes it is Lincoln
and this was Olivia I wrote bad yeah
that supposed to be dad yeah but first I
I can't remember if which way it goes
sometimes when I'm at school and I'm
like the bees that's the trickiest would
reason these are crazy tell daddy what
you need for your work bag oh my daddy's
birthday cuz you need the bag
d yeah he's really rooted the one that
has the race car um that wasn't um that
one downstairs as the rich oh I thought
he was like talking about a friend he's
talking about Andy on so he Toy Story
this is funny
Toy Story one has Andy the boy but then
it has Sid but Cody thinks since bad
Andy
I remember this the other day was still
okay but I caught on too bad Andy oh
yeah he has not tape yes he has tape and
Cody really wants some tape okay hey
butters uh I could let what Olivia needs
my tape to fit okay put on the fridge
she can use okay electrical take you
it's cheap I was work just long long day
yesterday calm I get you home for the
weekend three days off look I brought
something home for Olivia look safety is
everyone's responsibility these are
safety promotion calendars you and
everybody else is getting put stuff in
our kids didn't but there's all these
kids they drew pictures Olivia and so
you get pictures of it then they drew
look do you think color and so next year
you'll color one too but I wanted I knew
chose one for their weekend and I am
going I've got my video edited while he
was on his way home I heard and got it
edited for Monday and I'm putting the
camera away and we are just going to
enjoy the weekend that is so cool
that's a pretty girl get the camera out
of my face how loved do you feel after
reading the comments of the last video
oh my gosh
I am a little fans I literally don't
think we have had one video with that
with quite that bit of like positivity
and like unity amongst the commenters it
was like insane for like a million bucks
all day I kept like refreshing
refreshing oh this is really nice you
guys were really nice but video was so
you I think everyone just loved it well
it was so fun to go do I you guys think
I did that for the boys but to be honest
like past Bonnie I've been wanting to do
that myself yeah and I just took the
boys along and something that we've
always said and I don't know if I stole
this from my mom and dad I probably did
I steal everything from them but make a
decision to go to college and go to
college the five years or it doesn't
usually take people five years takes us
more the four years that it takes to go
to college four years is going to pass
whether you go to college or not you may
as well just get in get it done it's
like we always want to do things with
the kids and it's like time is gonna
pass they're gonna grow up whether we do
stuff or not so we may as well just get
in get it in that stuff done and that
doesn't mean like oh just go crazy and
blow a budget and whatever no but just
just little things like like that that
didn't cost really that didn't cost
anything to go up the mountain or
whatever then just do anything you know
or but you know what about work there
wasn't free we have it I could I could
hike I know it I know Canyon or whatever
just any little thing is just like well
I've been wanting to go do this sir I
don't know I want to go to the beach I
want to go to the the mountains today or
whatever you know just just go
just do it take time the time is gonna
pass whether you go or not you may as
well put some good memories behind you
you guys thank you so much for watching
we appreciate it we are gonna cozy on in
in our new basement yes but Dale starts
today so that starts right now
have a little Chicago PD have a little
fire fire over there
good night you beautiful people bye
