boss shanks incident yeah
Boston care yes sir thank you
okay I don't know how they can see me or
not okay I don't work you don't want me
in at all like oh oh okay so then you
have to introduce it my name is Olivia
and I was going to do a video for every
visible as I asked my mom if I could do
a tutorial
I mean tutorial for everybody because I
was really really wanting to and so on
my mom said yes I could and so first
this is how I did it yesterday and so I
and it was really cute to me and so I
was wanting to do deport it all for
everybody and so I hope you like this
video can I tell him something really
quick Olivia did her own hair she picked
out her own outfit she did her own
makeup and she told me that she had
practiced what she wanted to say so this
is all Olivia so let me scoot the camera
in so they can see your doll really well
Kendra
first off what I'm gonna look at it the
in the book is I'm gonna see what I have
to do first so first I have to take okay
pick it up hey ladies take it put my toe
I don't okay so first off what I take is
I take some of this and I rub it out on
my hands and then I just start because
it keeps your hands from being clean
because her hair has these little things
that come out really well cuz I have had
this for a long time and so first I'm
gonna get that chance did you raid my
drawer and take that out of my drawer
yeah okay you seize just wanted to be
clear hey you want me to take that for
an out so first off what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna take her hair out and that's
how I do it and then I usually cover
hairs then it's really nice so that's
what I'm gonna be doing right now
oh my gosh I almost just dropped this
camera oh my gosh oh that
okay I'm just trying to record
one-handed don't worry I'll come over
here and watch it this okay okay and so
first how I comb her hair is I just do I
book water heart and then I go all the
way to the top
and it keeps this so that it's not so
tingly and I like to do that because it
helps it so now that I'm done I usually
take another column just to see you so
then it's not to take away and so I
usually keep it so then it's really
smooth and why I like to do this is
because it keeps its tool in it's not in
like in my face
sometimes I hug her and her hair gets on
my face and I don't really like it so
now that I'm done with this comb I have
to use one more comment only thing that
I have that this is the last comb that I
have to come sometimes I usually get her
hair and then bring it down so turn it
also you can see it and there's one last
piece cuz I want it to go over her head
and so now what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna grab a hitter back
why isn't this focusing I know I know I
know
ah I fix tabbed okay now you may record
know what I'm going to do is I am gonna
get a little pony I'm gonna pick the
blue wonder because pressure of color
and so let's get started roll up piece
I'm actually gonna use a pink because
it's my favorite no I'm gonna take a
pink rubber band now I just got put it
in a little pond over here so when I
will stay when I do her hair and if you
would like to do this I will put link
down below and I wish you guys a really
Merry Christmas because Christmas is
already here and I was wishing everybody
a happy merry merry Christmas now that
I'm done with the pony I will just peel
the parts together so then I can put it
in where I want it now I combed the pony
sometimes and I'm gonna do this just
won't come today now you don't want to
come it too too fast or else it will get
messed up and you will have to do it we
over and that's not really fun to redo
it and so I would like to not do it so
fast that's why I don't now what I
usually do is I take this kind of cliff
you just have to paint it and then it
comes out now I'm gonna leave it over
this is way too big for her there's none
other way how to get it away to get it
smaller so I usually take around the
head and then the leftover piece I just
keep and you can see there's a little
piece right there and so I just leave it
it doesn't matter if it's too small too
big I like mine to be just
right but it's big it doesn't matter
that much so I'm gonna take clip if you
guys have these clips that will be great
then you can have a doll and do this
hairdo so now I take her over to the
side because it's hard to do it on this
side because I tried that and it's
really hard so you might want to turn
your doll around so that you can see now
we gonna take my clip and I am gonna
make it so that it I can put it in and I
just do this and then I put it with it
left over here now I just clip it and
then it looks really cute it looks like
a crowns on her but I don't really do
that this is what it would look like
right here now what I'm gonna do is I'm
going to take it out the pony cuz now
why I put it in a pony so then it
wouldn't get in my way it's hard to do
it when you just let go of the little
pieces when you're supposed to get the
hair done and you can't really do it
right now but it's fine
you can just put it in a little pink
rubber if you want and then you can do
it however you like
no what I'm now what I am gonna do is I
have to keep on combing her hair or else
it won't be as smooth as I want now what
I totally want to do is I really really
want to do something I usually take a
cone so that I can get all the pieces
that were in and I smooth the lis softly
take it and I get all the hair in my
hand it just is wonderful when you do
dog hair I love doing dog hair I always
do it whenever I want I have so so much
toes I just want to give one away
I just can't cuz I love all my dolls
it's just the only thing that I want to
do but hey it's fine now what I am going
to do for my favorite is spray I like to
spray with the best spray and you can
spray whenever you want it so I'm just
going to spray one little bit so then it
will look nice as good so then it makes
it nice and clean like you want now
what I love to do with her is I like to
get some of my jewelry and this is one
that my grandma gave me yesterday and I
wanted to put it on my dolls necklace
once I had a doll I had a necklace and
it broke now you can tell that she looks
like a queen I didn't really just her
out like a queen but I think she's
adorable
because dolls are my favorite and so I
love dolls all
my heart and so I do their hair a lot
that's why I did a hair tutorial today
for everyone I hope you like this blog
vlog and if you like it put a thumbs up
and I hope you have a Merry Christmas
you did so good
now you can take a picture of her with
me okay let me go a little closer
how do you know that's what we do get a
thumbnail you know okay so look right
here does she look like a princess money
yeah I think so do you know what thank
you look like a princess
mommy tomorrow can I do my doll's hair
