hey guys I've had a couple requests um
to show you how I do
Cody's hair I'm not going to do like a
full-on tutorial I'm literally just
going to show you how I do it
and if you learn something great and
hopefully you do anyway
this is a hard haircut to do even for
someone that knows how to cut hair it's
just a difficult haircut so I'm just
gonna do my very best to show you and
I'm not perfect at it so this is not
going to be like some perfect hair
tutorial just a heads up your scissors I
know you guys want to know where I got
my scissors get up here in front of the
camera tell I'm hubby I just said hoodie
howdy Bonnie wasn't his she had just
finished yes movie school
wait I was in school I didn't have any
three years very broke okay broke so I
was Bonnie worked at the plasma center
as well while she was doing beauty
school so I went in I would donate my
plasma my drug money what I would put
the needle in his arm she did a good job
I was good at what I did not the softest
that I've ever had though but um anyway
she we donated plasma so that I could
save up money and buy her new shears
$200 $200 worth of plasma a lot plasma
it was a lot of plasma yeah okay and I
think about every time I use my shears
thank you so the first thing I do is
part Cody's hair where I want it and
I've kind of sprayed it away so that it
stays in the direction that I want it to
stay I'm going to take however short I
want the sides of his head which is the
number two guard and I'm going to go
directly up to that part
and if I can't get directly on that line
like I'll line that first tooth up and
go directly on the line go back and if
there's some hairs that you just quite
can't get I'll just take my scissors
when I'm done and cut them freehand feel
like I'm on a rush right now because not
on a rush but in a rush
because I have Lincoln down for a nap
and I'm like please sleep until I'm done
with this please the only thing I've
done so far is just this one little side
I haven't even gone back here but before
I turn him I'm just going to make sure
that that line is where I want him or
where I want it and I'm going to put my
shear right on the crack and just make
and just if there's any hairs that I
couldn't quite get with my shears I'm
just going to cut him right off you're
doing so good look at this calyx back
here this was the number one reason I
started doing his hair and this type of
a hairdo because his hair is so crazy
back here that literally we're going to
cut off the calyx so I follow his part
back this way and I use my comb and find
where his calyx go grow this way and
grow this way and if the calyx grow this
way then that's what I've kept and if
they grow any other direction I cut them
off so I'm going to hold that with my
finger and just get that little section
cut off I have to do it in little
sections like this otherwise I just it's
just untamable the Clippers don't get it
short enough so I'm going to use my comb
and hold the hair that I don't want cut
and I'm just going to cut those calyx as
short as I can get them
super-weird this is a very you asked for
it so then I'll move just a little
further down to make that line straight
and I'll cut that next part off too so
I'll take my clippers and just go all
the way up to that line that I've
created in the back just straight up
straight to that line we've gone all the
way from the back all the way up to the
top of that line you can see there's a
pretty clean line here the cleanest I
can get with his wicked crazy calyx and
then when you get to this side I only go
just above that ear not high with the
Clippers at all I get so mad at myself
when I go too high with the Clippers on
this side of his head
before I start blending any of this side
stuff I want to get the top to the
length that I want it is in Cody's face
oh he's so miserable it's in his face
all the time and so I want to just take
off that the top of it just a little bit
but I haven't we've been in the grow-out
stage with his hair for so long that I
haven't needed really to cut any of this
up here I've just let it grow long but
now that it's grown out to the link that
I want it's a little bit harder because
you don't want to cut it off you finally
grown it it's like okay what do I cut
what don't I cut this hair has such a
wicked cowlick that it's really hard for
me to know where I want to cut it and so
I don't really cut it a ton I've trimmed
the top just a little and now I want to
focus on this so that it doesn't look so
harsh and blunt I'm going to take little
pieces right here where it's blunt up
and down hold my fingers up and down
this is short where the Clippers were
this is long and I'm just going to get
rid of that I'm just going to try and
get rid of that long section to help
blend it but I don't want to cut all of
it off no ah see I kind of went a little
too high don't go too high this I told
you this is not an easy haircut I'm just
gonna try and blend this the best that I
can and I don't want to go too high up
on his little head because I like
otherwise I'm going to be bald if I if I
take this side up too high he's really
gonna have a short looking haircut
and I don't want that this side I really
want it to stay a little long this is
the part in the haircut where I start
stressing and I'm like you can see that
it's heavy up here and you can see that
it's like bald here and it's not looking
the best so I have thinning shears and I
don't want to take it any shorter up
here that's why I'm like I'm getting rid
of my
right now I'm going to use my thinning
shears so I'm going to take my comb
along the line that I've been trying to
blend and I'm just going to continue
what I was doing
just with my thinning shears to try and
soften that line and work my way up into
the hair just a little the last thing
I'm going to do is take my little
trimmer and go around his ears and go
around his neck line and then we're
going to get him in this bath tub and
then I'll show you how I fix his hair I
know the fan is on in here and it's kind
of loud but I didn't want to have to
bring my lights up and I just wanted to
get this video done for you so it's on
it's very relaxed keep that in mind so
when I do Cody's hair I don't like it to
be to it but I don't like it to be too
dry so it's just a little damp I've
changed what I've been using on all the
boys hair in my house we use the style
sexy hair it's called hard-up and it
holds really well but it doesn't pull
the kids's hair out the way
um the other gels that I've used in the
past have been so just kind of get this
all over the place when I do
Joel's hair with this stuff he will wake
up the next morning and it'll still be
fixed but you got to be careful cuz it
will turn your hair blow fuse too much
okay all done it's not done I use two
different kind of combs I use a pick and
then I use like a more fine comb
anything just so it's not so slicked I
don't use the comb only otherwise it
does look really really slicked so I
like to comb down the hair on the side
where I know it's going to be come down
and he has calyx that go forward so his
hair looks the best when it's combed
forward and then I take my pick
and I kind of I fluff it up I try to
fluff the hair up and his hair is just a
little wet so I'm going to give it a
minute when I do the front of his hair I
like to use the pink and lift the hair
up and I used this hand to form his hair
where I want it to go and I do this
about a million times because it just
takes a while for that front to fix the
way I want it to especially if it's too
wet so I try to do it on the more dry
side and I kind of push it with my hand
too to try and get some volume out of it
Cody was a little upset that I cut his
bath time short huh code then I'll come
over here to the side and I'll just use
the one tooth on the pick and push the
rest of the hairs where I want them so
that I don't mess up the front and then
I'll take my comb and I will fix the
back how I want it and these hairs
really do have a mind of their own so
you just play with it till you get it
just the way you want it
I'm going to use Bed Head hairspray I've
used this for a very very long time he
knows her his eyes and we sprained the
heck out of his hair and if something
isn't laying just how you want it like
usually this right here I'll hold it
while it's wet with hairspray and blow
on it until it's dry look look at mommy
ah that is so handsome
okey good stuff oh boy that is okay look
over the shower curtain wow that is
handsome look at me I want to see your
cute face that's so handsome code you
didn't really want me fixing your hair
did Jay how come cuz I can't like write
short back I didn't let you play in the
bathtub today nope you usually like to
spend a long time in there and I quickly
quickly rinse Jeff didn't I okay can you
look at me and smile do you think you
look handsome what are you gonna go do
find me what fanny you want to eat a
brownie you deserve one cake let's go
alright guys I guess I'm gonna go get a
brownie with Cody thank you guys for
watching and I hope that helps even in
the littlest bit thanks bye guys you
want from me yes you can have a brownie
- you want a brownie - thanks for being
so good while I did the haircuts
