yeah go where you want to go in the
yellow flight again what if we went
poorly what if we go up in the mountain
and have a campfire well I don't know
pop marshmallows but maybe we'll just go
make a little a swing I don't know if
their swings up they're drunk oh do that
we'll go real slow on the four-wheeler
and pull our the sled will fill it up
with wood and pull it that's sound fun
yeah we go down the river okay go get
your snow pants on okay go get your some
new snow pants on we'll make some
snowballs Joel has the four-wheeler
loaded up we have the kids coats gloves
and helmets in the back and Joel is
being very ambitious oh good because
that's the one Boston was asking for a
sec I want an orange sled
well my orange sled it took me a long
time to figure out what the heck he was
saying but the clean one's broken says
yeah anyway I was like you're not taking
that when you're just going for wheeling
and he kind of cried this is very
ambitious of you well I've wanted to do
this forever Jared was supposed to go
this morning with yeah with that he got
Ellie's sick and I don't know a sick no
know how that feels and it stinks
passed through our family now it's than
everybody else's this'll be fun because
I don't know good father-son kids I'll
remember this yeah I gotta go check on
them that would you think that act that
little hatchet can be yours when you
grow up yeah we're gonna not talk about
sharp objects until you're like 15 okay
let's go get this ribbon let's go get in
this turbine is there anything else that
you need from the house you have your
snow gear on do you have your gloves I
don't have my shield you actually do it
grab him well yeah okay and you guys are
gonna stop and just grab some food we'll
grab some snackies
do you have matches I have a lighter I
grab the brand-new lighter okay my smoke
later it's good and you're in your car
seats let's go hurry hurry now no
windings for daddy okay get going
promise to be safe what Canyon are you
going up it's Providence
okay I like to know what Canyon they are
so if I don't see you in three hours
I know where to tell the cops to come
find you okay
well you can say if it's six o'clock
I'll know to call the cops
well in case I don't hear from you okay
go in if if no more calling names no
more calling names did Cody call you a
poop Cody Clark you'd be nice to each
other
daddy's not gonna want to take you here
I'm not being nice I love you boys so
much you be safe oh please be safe with
my babies I will be safe drapes they're
my babies
I'll be safe we're gonna have fun I
doubt we'll even ride much about Vegas I
would not drive too much before you
built your fire and then when you're
done with your fire then do the rest of
your riding
yeah I'm fine I love you okay I love you
too
Muniz me and Lincoln are gonna don't
shoot yeah hey that's sexy
I like the Doc Martens with the row very
nice hey we're here hey hi guys you got
your new suit your new helmet on huh
Stan why you holding your hands so funny
I don't know we are going up provenance
Canyon and it's really like kind of
foggy a little bit of snow nice trail
actually we're gonna have fun and our
loot is behind us all of our sled and
everything we're gonna have some fun hot
Boston what's your job that's right your
job is to tell me if anything falls out
okay love you guys
there's a lot of snowmobile tracks over
here and there's a really cool
campground over there but there's
there's about two feet of snow
Boston was just struggling to even move
anywhere and it just was not worth it so
we're kind of up on the road a little
bit huh that our camp guys we're gonna
make a fire they couldn't wait for the
fire to have snacks and a drink they
were too tired and worn out already this
may be a very short-lived trip but I'm
having fun it's nice to get up here on
the snow we come here all the time and
shoot up that hillside and these trails
in the wintertime or in the summertime
are all dirt and you've seen vlogs below
that have like us going up to a
waterfall or whatever this is that trail
and we come up here all the time I love
this area
Providence Canyon is a lot of fun so
we're gonna build a fire now huh wave hi
yeah that's my boys sounds like
fireworks hear that popping we got us a
good little fire first try you wanted to
stop it it's a little bit loud and
popping cuz it's pretty dry wood and
Boston does not like it but you got bud
what's in your hand use what but that's
all the tree sap just it burns and pops
yeah it makes the wood pop that's pretty
fun this is pretty cool this is I've
wanted to do this all winter long and I
guess we're barely into the winter still
but this is like that's what I want
that's just what I wanted to see
some snow some fire and the boys yeah
okay hey big boy okay don't look too
high up there okay hey love yeah more
chips okay I'm coming you can't tell but
it is that's just like the bass level is
down to my knee yeah but there's a hard
packed bass underneath that so there's
probably got to three feet of snow up
here right now it's kind of nice it's
really this is beautiful I mean I just
don't know if you guys are getting what
I'm saying but it's beautiful it's a
little foggy up in the hills nice and
snowy cute little boys just running
around being boys seriously having the
time of my life right now this is so
enjoyable
what's that Boston that fire how come
you moved your seat further away but how
come you moved your seat further away
I've been hand feeding Boston chip so he
can keep his gloves on because he the
mittens and he doesn't even put his
thumb in the mitten side yeah
he has no dexterity with it so I've been
feeding him chips spitting like that
enough he wanted to go to a town himself
huh yeah dorable you are yep okay I'll
come help you
okay in the fire
is Cody up on the hill sled in this
little boys lost his sled about three
times climbing up there but watch this
good job but come build the snowman now
I don't know if you know this but snow
pants second as a sled any time in the
snow for all you non snow people snow
pants or sleds retro we Biff that huh
okay smile the camera jeez
you have a donut look at that pretty
snow guys you just can't this is unreal
you guys this has been the funnest day
for me our sled is empty of wood no more
firewood to burn
we brought quite a bit actually the
whole sled was pretty well full the
cooler was full of the dry kindling and
the box hey we'll burn our box to that
was full of our paper but the fire
started out being built on like the
surface of the snow and now you can see
you kind of see the ground we've melted
all the way to the bottom pretty cool
this is highlight probably of my summer
right now ok throw it in boys all
Boston did you find a shovel
he's as warm as can be but he just
doesn't want to move I think he's he ate
a bag of chips had a drink of bug juice
and I think he's ready for it
Boston you wanna take a nap you want
take a nap okay okay big guy
show me how it's done go we didn't go
you want to go don't go by yourself
don't go by yourself don't go with dad
you know why you want me to just hold
you in slide yeah are you having fun are
you warm yeah okay
you almost ready when you ain't some so
now we've eaten doughnuts and chips and
a drink may as well leave some snow huh
need some more okay big boy he's cooking
that's pretty fast but look you showing
some skin now you cold but your snow
pants down okay let's get going boys
wow man this day could not get any
better and I'm sure said that about a
dozen times this entire time is your
favorite part okay we are we're
resorting to finding wood and burning it
now because we've outlasted our wood and
the boys are just loving it they're not
wanting to go home and to be honest
neither do I I don't want to go home and
I'm enjoying spending time with them
that just I don't know just a little
time that they'll remember I'll remember
and this is a good I don't know
calibration in life it helps you kind of
think about what you really want what
what matters to you and that's my family
my boys my daughter my wife that's what
matters to me and so little days like
this you can really come out enjoy what
what's been provided to us this
beautiful scenery absolutely beautiful
scenery these wonderful boys and and we
can really just recalibrate life and
make kind of a commitment to myself to
to just always take care of them always
take care of their needs and have fun
and now we have our first visitor whoa a
snowmobiler huh pretty funky new way
oh man they are out for the deep-powder
big powder skis and I noticed that they
had their Avalanche kit for their
backpack that I like balloon up and
stuff that's pretty cool fun day
everybody's out having fun and we're
just enjoying ourself and we're gonna
just keep having fun but I'll tell you
what I am NOT gonna let these boys fun
pass me by so I'm gonna leave you guys
right now actually you know I did have a
really nice time today
who's a good day is a really good day
