all right big guy you gotta get dressed
hurry we gotta do it quietly so nobody
can hear us you're gonna put on body
boots and your cup we're gonna go as a
fundraiser for the youth we do flags
around the neighborhood so that young
men and young women can go out and do
some service and also have their like
camps and stuff like that help pay for
it's kind of a fun little thing but
today I'm gonna take Boston with me I
think I've taken Cody and Olivia to do
flags before scoot into the middle so
that the kids can get in and out okay
bud and I figured since everybody's
still asleep the Boston was awake I'm
gonna take him with me we're gonna be
some flags
we did a good thing today Boston wait up
did a good thing
Lincoln your hair is what - blood falls
I'm sorry I can't come with you guys
today
you guys have fun tell grandma I said
hello
whoa this is awkward I came to my
parents house today to help take down
their Christmas lights and figurines but
my parents beat me to the punch they got
all the figurines taken down but I at
least will be of some service taking all
of the lights off the house and can't
really see but these trees are lit with
a couple hundred lights each so we're
gonna take all of those down so that all
their Celeste kind of clean up for the
rest of the year until spring comes and
the kids have the day off school so this
is what we're doing
Happy Feet where'd you get okay - what -
Oreos that's a good day but that's why
we come to Grandma and Grandpa's don't
show grandpa he'll take one can I have
one
Hey oh are you kidding yeah you eat it
okay we'll find you another one just for
being a good boy and sharing I don't
think your brothers would do that I'm
late I'm late I'm late for a very
important I'm late for and uh I'm late
for a very important date I have a video
call this morning and I had no idea that
it was a video call until like ten
minutes ago I was like hey I did not do
good job hey phone call one minute I was
running all over the house trying to
find a camera oh Michael is at 9:30 a.m.
literally barely found and Justin can
you tell I'm a little giddy for my phone
call sorry trying to reach my camera to
make sure it's on silent because totally
rude when your phone goes off and you're
in the middle of doing things seriously
it's like the rudest thing ever history
it makes me really imagine of people's
phones go off I'm like oh my not very
important to you can you not turn your
phone off for like a minute
keep it on silent please no or Brooklyn
on the floor maybe it's on my phone
hello hi yes well I I was looking at our
email and it showed that it was a video
call so I was frantically throwing on
some makeup because I thought oh my gosh
no you know what this works out perfect
this works I've just just great no phone
call works just great all right I am
going to try and not literally just
scream in the camera right now the phone
call for an opportunity to travel for a
company with our family and I've
ever had an opportunity like this I'm
ready to cry I'm ready to throw up I'm
ready to just like break a wall like I
so bad that it turns out cuz the one
like I would say I deal with five brands
a week and maybe one of them actually
like follows through and turns into
something actually that we do so I like
I'm sick to my stomach in the best way
possible my butterflies are ready to
like blow out of my mouth so excited
well you uh snuck away from me somehow
and I'm not surprised what you found
taller yeah I don't want some yeah can I
have some dark chocolate bud mm-hmm Nick
a little wild okay you eat the rest of
that one let's say that for Grandma
right
you guys been watching the emoji movie
that's a perfect emoji right there
what's the three three kisses oh those
are the lips don't I feel sheepish I
thought they were three but I get it now
it's lips and a heart I get it I get it
you girls are smarter than I am what's
this Olivia and Rhys the dead emoji
there you go
please
okay but thanks
Ellie and I are running some very
crucial errands and we are running out
of time this week and we are at have you
Lobby
no our heads hurt like I'm like is my
head if my head hurts I can only imagine
how you're pregnant head hurts sorry
okay like I was carrying like a small
tray like three items and she's like I
can't for you chefs eight five types and
I'm like no you're here but we're on
this aisle and look how colorful this is
I love the little they're soft and kind
of squishy like that I just first summer
like organizing all your just crap for
summer okay I know well that's honestly
get this is a cute cleaning caddy yeah I
like it
no I love it i stinking love it that's
cute I know I'm like amazed well it is
12:30 right now and is currently 45
degrees outside that's in the shade two
in the Sun out front it is so warm like
this does not feel like a January and my
dad said to me normally when we take the
Christmas lights down we're in a rush
because it's freezing outside you just
want to get it done be over with instead
today my dad is like got his table set
up out here he's organizing everything
so it's like laid out in a perfect
manner so when we go to put it up next
year it's just the same the kids are in
shorts Boston's a little wild over there
in shorts but they're out here just
playing like it's January or or March or
a normal month is this warm yeah thanks
man
it's not really warm probably warmer if
you had shorts on Boston
that's Boston number one my Boston is
technically Boston number two
a disaster I like it for your disaster
should we go upstairs and have some
lunch
yeah jambe know you boo dirty you got a
little bit of dirt in there it's pretty
good amount of dirt dump it out just
like a cowboy you like cowboy boots to
stay clean I'm getting a bunch of things
ready for our photo shoot on Friday and
I'm trying to organize my side of the
room because I literally have no place
to put the things that we need to use
for our photo shoot it's like I need a
whole new room for this anyway I was
going through something that was sent to
us and I was going through a letter that
one of you guys sent it was so sweet and
motivational and she was telling us how
she found one of my siblings that vlog
then she found the other sibling the
vlog that she found me and then she
found my parents and I thought you know
I wonder if all of you all know that I
come from a full line of vloggers I
started with my sister Ellie her and her
husband Jared they have a channel and
all the rest of my siblings have
channels and my parents have a channel
so if you guys want to check out all of
my siblings and my parents if you don't
already know them I'll put them all in
the description for you guys if you do
watch anyone why don't you guys leave in
the comments who you watch and yeah that
would be kind of fun
tell us who you found first who you
watch and if you didn't know you'll have
to go check out the other channels yes
okay show me good job do it again
I like the future a teepee I'm feeling
good about just as the day started we
are closing in the same we were picking
up flags but now I have Olivia with me
instead of just Olivia and Boston good
deal that's gonna fly
