good morning we are just getting dressed
and I am trying to pick out a tie for
the day I think I like this one bond
which tie do you like of these three
which tie do you guys like huh can I
kiss my favorite one is the green
checkered line but I don't want the kids
to ruin it so I want him to save it so
you can wear the other red ones since
I'm wearing red that won't became bad
no why you gave me this tie this tie
means more to me than the world oh
that's so cute for my mission maybe I
guess I wear blue no I want you to wear
red
okay where the red checker going to be
I'm sorry but that Bonnie gave me this
one do you can't see to get it out
before my mission and I kept that one
really really nice
throughout my mission I never wore it
other than special occasions and that
one without that tie will die with me
would be buried I need to find an
identical one so you can replace it
maybe that's a hard one to find okay
checkered and red it is well it feels
good to be like getting ready because
seriously I think I don't think we've
gone to church for the last at least me
I haven't gone probably for a month
either the kids have been sick or I've
been sick I think what was it two weeks
ago I ended up taking um Cody to the
insta care oh yeah he was yes it was so
sick and you know what I wish okay so I
found this app called iTriage and i
found it after we had all been sick Joel
and I needed to go to the doctor and we
didn't go because we don't even have a
family physician you had a family
physician all growing up hi dr. Wendell
P Hyde he delivered all of us boys and
he was my position but all the stitches
in my body that I can remember that's
all about that man was that and I
actually met him saw him not too long
ago I love that man with me so I got to
meet him actually so that was kind of
fun we need to find a doctor and and
honestly we probably should have gone I
think we're like on the mend even though
my voice sounds like a man still so you
can go into the app
and find just the specific type of
doctor that you're looking for like I
just need a family physician I am going
to be looking for a dermatologist soon
because I've got all sorts of issues
going on that I need to find a
dermatologist for because one time I
went to a doctor that was out of my
what's it called network your network it
narrows it down so that you can find a
doctor in your network which I thought
was pretty amazing but I think that's
probably the greatest thing because that
costs you a lot of money even if you're
insured anything you know dealing with
out-of-network doctors no good anyway it
is a pretty cool app it's free so if you
want to check it out I will put the
description for it down below
Olivia's already give me a tour Elle
sweetie me it's royal oh you look so
pretty
okay mr. climb upon the counter it's
your oh hey go Kayla go get on the
counter it's your turn turn the water
off okay sweep close to mom so right
here right there right there Oh daddy
you - you're deaf Bing what's daddy's I
don't you're talking about yeah my dad
okay open your mouth
ah it's hot already
oh yeah so there any water heaters
glazing it makes our water hotcakes
honey tastes also different your teeth
okay there it's too flat okay do this
you have my dog
oh so you have my toothbrush no don't
fall
blows yeah yeah kids coming to church
with us we'll have his food and me with
his blue jammies ah I don't know what
he's gonna wear you've gotta play a
comer and dami 104 jammies yeah oh you
don't want lotion on your shirt I'm not
getting lotion on your shirt I'm not
getting lotion on your shirt your hair
is basically already fixed from
yesterday MATLAB from that grandma's I
wonder if our if your grandmas and
grandpas know how much you talk about
them every single day do you talk about
grandma grandma every single day again
you want to go there no you do can you
close your eyes and I'll spray your hair
yeah mom and you're gonna get hair spray
in your eyes close your eyes look so
handsome
yep you're happy this morning aren't ya
I don't even know what's on your face
it's like sticky we had candy this
morning yeah no okay
put lotion on you my kids hate when I
put lotion on them but I do it anyway
because they're so dry there really is
some earwax boy
yeah your ears are dirty you need a
chain around all through your hair Oh
give me a twirl give me a twirl oh my
word you are so handsome okay
don't mess your hair up find your shoes
for church go go go it's your turn daddy
my turn get in here hey the baby stopped
crying yeah hey hey hey if you want to
put some lipstick on you can do it after
you brush your teeth okay can you give
me just let me do daddy's hair real
quick and then I'll cut let you do your
lipstick if you had to do your own hair
would you be able to do it oh I can put
gel in my hair that's about the extent
of it would it look good I can put gel
in my hair
I'm taking medicine oh I can't make it
look like you make it look I want to
close my eyes and have someone do my
hair okay cover the baby's face should
try that sometime sorry okay give me a
twirl mmm
well your hair's not up look at me ooh
that's a high song with a good choice of
tie you do know how to get ruined today
I'll take him
make it me he's worse the kids again
either get slobber and spit up on it or
their sticky fingers
okay are you ready for your lipstick
Olivia she wants to wear lipstick just
like me and I guess that's okay know if
you can tell have you seen that your two
thing you're missing it's starting to
grow back in okay can you tell there's a
little teeny white spot and nothing but
I want to show them this tooth look look
how loose it is here you wiggle you're
better at it one so I can see Holmes are
you - I usually pull it back sleighs
linter at your finger just on top of
your tooth look I can't your whole
finger is covering the tooth like the
hair for the finger okay you might not
be able to tell her tooth is solos if
you're coming out there's a reason that
we love our siblings so much like I have
asked myself before why do I love my
family so much like I love my family so
much the like my heart hurts sometimes
and I wondered why like why do I love my
family so much and I might not remember
playing with my siblings that way and
Olivia might not remember playing right
now she's babysitting you know obviously
I'm hearing stuff but like she takes
care of that baby and I do not think
that I would have made it through having
this fourth baby without Olivia she will
never know how much she has helped me
like just playing with the baby and just
being I mean he's fine if he starts
crying that I go get him and stuff but I
don't know she's just like I've been
able to do my dishes I've been able to
get dinner ready and you guys were
asking what funeral potatoes were maybe
it's a Utah thing basically it's any
type of potato whether it's cubed or
shredded with like sour cream she
a little bit of milk this has sauteed
onions in it and this is kind of like a
casserole it's like a potato casserole
dish I don't know that's a funeral
potatoes are and that's what we call
them so that's for those of you that are
wondering anyway I hope Olivia
one day knows just how much I appreciate
her see you got him to play with the top
hi
I know that a mister you were really
fussy today but now you had a good nap a
full belly and you seem to be doing much
much better no now he's been plaguing
Dania I just did the dishes and John and
Jolin eyes dishes are sitting there from
last night yeah we have brownies ice
cream for like a snack we went to bed at
9 o'clock last night I was gonna say a
midnight snack but last night John I
went to bed at 9:00 o'clock
holy Toledo how did you get so strong
cuz a al seafood oh my word
you're so strong it's taking everything
out of you but you're doing it yes yes
yes he's doing it good job how do you
let's see how far Cody can get and then
you might have to help him
totally you're so strong it's like
taking everything in Boston has been
sitting at the bottom of the stairs for
the last mmm I'd say 20 minutes
screaming his guts out he took a really
good nap but he was not ready to wake up
were you Boston cuz he is not feeling at
this so the kids that I had our dinner
and Joel just got home several hours
later and he's just finishing up his
dinner and I think what do you think we
should do the rest of the night you
know what you we play no night yeah
those brownies you don't want me to do
all right
you hate the rest of them oh well that
seems kind of accusatory rude yeah
prove it thanks for watching guys and we
will see you in the next video bye
