good morning guys it is Saturday morning
and joel ran off to the movies with
Jared and Ellie and Jared called this
morning they're like we're doing
something today it's funny they live up
here and we usually do quite a bit of
things together and this yeah and this
whole Christmas break they have been
gone we've been gone and we haven't done
anything with each other besides like
the family Christmas parties so we
decided that today we're gonna go and
playing out with alien Jared and
generally happen to UM play with Kelvin
today is Jared you don't want to play
with Jared yeah me either
oh so so um the boys are the movies and
I don't know is he holding his bottle
she thinks he's holding all by himself
he is yep yes oh um that is pokey it's
red part it's what flipper it's me oh
it's what leather slippers yeah this is
a thermometer that I'm not gonna let
chole into I don't know what Ellie and I
are gonna go do but once um once the
guys get back from their movie we'll
decide where we're going and I I don't
know I'm kind of excited if this is a
fun Saturday afternoon and this morning
I got up didn't even know they were
gonna call and I just thought I'm gonna
get myself ready I'm gonna get the kids
ready and I'm glad I did Cody and I
actually filmed his haircut today it's
not the best video like while I was
doing it I'm like I know this is a mess
but I don't even care but I had had a
few questions on how to or how I cut
Kody's hair and how I style it so I just
did a quick video on that and anyway
it's only 11:55 and I've gotten quite a
bit done today you can see my eyes
they're like puffy and red everyone has
had kind of cold and it just kind of
seems to be cycling like I think I'm
getting better and then it gets worse I
think it's getting better then it gets
worse I don't know
oh I was gonna have them take their
shoes off Jackson your sweater is so
cute hi the only person that you can
like show up bombard their house with
their kids and all their food and save
do you have any lunch it's your sister
I've done that along with my siblings
it's my trenches yeah well I guess that
my brother I've done that to him too
before but I show up a Mike um my kids
my you're hungry do you have any food
she's like yep she do
oh and then the other thing I said I'm
like where's your mama Russia is like oh
it's upstairs I haven't been using it
that is so yeah she's like I haven't
been using the mama room like oh can I
take it with me I go today
 do you think you can build a rocket
yeah I don't get it when as that uh
rustles have what okay you show me I
just so cool don't know because Calvin
is asleep right now
hey Jax I mean did you find some cool
 hey those match your outfit today
both laugh your outfit to the next time
sweet ah she's get him at his car seat
 nigga Josh that's okay he's just
looking at him he's just looking at it
look they match his outfit so he wanted
to try them on
you look so good in me pants thank you
boy see Olivia whose shirt did you think
I was wearing today hey Olivia goes you
ain't daddy's shirt I said no hahaha
Ellie's laughing come on oh I'm not
worried daddy's shirt mine is pink
Oh God Oh Olivia never I never would
have put him in here look he's actually
like sitting up in it unlike you and
Olivia I never will put in here right
really likes it
Lincoln if you're too little for
something like this hi sweetie can you
happy I never would have thought to put
him in here okay can you just stay right
with him so that he doesn't know he's
looking at that like look at it he's
looking at that good truck yes it is Wow
I was this EP was too small in it see
but now he's kind of too small I feel
perfect my cabin got he God how was your
movie was it awesome everyone says how
awesome it is I that's crazy
are you a sperm because he's out Lincoln
is upstairs and he is out close rice
pasta well sure you watch your show okay
watch your show glad you sure yeah I
really liked it and
go again and when I take total Clark
with me did you feel badly didn't have
you feel no nos glad I could just go by
myself but I'm going I don't know if you
like it I think you're just like it I
think you'll enjoy it it might be a
little bit crazy for him but okay
oh weekends is asleep so le I'm gonna go
what are you gonna do um literally we
have nothing to do we're like we have
nothing to do we don't know where to go
thank you so we don't know don't do
anything don't matter go pick up the car
what oh he done I am NOT doing your
chores hello you know those goats on you
seen around the screen they separated
like jump on each other just walked out
of the store and both of us were like oh
like oh you walked out we were like we
are so happy like this will be so good
and then we walked out we both went ah
it's super cool nose I do have a gauge
that says 17 to exercise that's not so
it's not 17 degrees outside
I feel like live degrees yeah it is very
chilly we've got in store to store
haven't really bought in much but it
just feels good to be out just feels
good to like walk around and be out but
we're ready to go home and like see our
kids it's weird it's like we leave for
an hour okay ready we had our fix let's
go home look everybody's in a onesie oh
we just got those three month onesies
today we have to work thank you did you
find a 30 year onesie mm-hmm I'll be
back a onesie big one but enough hey
everyone Josh hey the kids were really
good time and I told them it's day
guys listen and when I run quiet I told
them that if they all got their jammies
on and helped me pick up really quick
they can have a bite of brownie but wait
what do you have in your what's in your
ear um no did you tip hold stuff it's
it's stuck in his ear pull hard pull
good hold really same awesome I have we
have been looking for that for so long
yeah hurt Oh
sometimes you gotta pull really hard to
get stuff out maybe these guys they just
they like it yes stuff is it dirty is it
dirty
oh yeah little stinky the waxy
it's not stinky okay he was pocketknife
and ah you run out right it's happen we
haven't been able to find it and they
kept telling me to look at his ear and
we're what yeah yeah well now we found
it Kate I want everyone missing stuff is
it in there check miners if the kids are
ever missing anything we like margin
where check my ear I'm like it's better
there we go all right there
Kate we're gonna say good night okay let
me watch this short yeah pajamas socks -
you know these slippers for like four
years
your feet are gonna be soaking wet and
sweat but that's okay stay well you guys
we will see you in our next video and
we're really good
Hey
