yesterday was a rough day and Joel was
like we carry there yeah Joel is like
we're not cleaning the dishes tonight
because I don't like going to bed
without the dishes being done and feels
like we are not going to we're not doing
the dishes he's like we're not going to
bed at a good time I'm like we are going
to bed at a good time we're so miserable
and he's like we're finding a show to
binge watch so we found a show we
haven't seen the last season of the
blacklist so we stayed up all but the
blacklist and I think it was totally
worth it it was a lot of fun cuddled up
downstairs custom air mattress that's
like I'm dying to get a couch down there
but it has been fun like just just
spooning oh yeah enjoying it it really
has the it way it was fun and to be
honest I was like really miserable in
the morning but we woke up happy this
morning okay
and I just said as long as you wake up
with me I'll be fine
so Joel is helping me with the
repercussions of what Oh what are you
doing to the baby
is that funny Olivia you brought up
Boston this morning and put him on the
toilet because she said he had to go
potty when I was coming down yes and you
sat on the toilet get me did you get up
in the counter and find that today you
said on the toilet and farted didn't you
that was such a good boy yeah babby not
gonna have that baby stink I don't even
care I really don't sweetie
yeah today is New Year's Eve and I think
what Joel would like to do is the rule
the breakfast for homes Joel wants to go
to breakfast not just anywhere
we're gonna wanna go to whose
someone said they can watch a whole
video of Boston running I think I could
too
we are here we're at her Johnny Reb this
together pressure has been into my teeth
John I went to breakfast together in
high school all the time all the time we
sat across Duggan me4 seals seals that
is a motorcycle and we sat across from
each other so in love skipping class I
never know he's be doing this before
perfect and I did did you ever picture
me like this sitting like this
when we got here yeah they asked me how
many in your party I was like
freaking now there's so many of too many
it's funny right - and then these guys
are you happy that you're with me like
this yes what were you telling me about
your teeth every night every single -
another count how many are really and I
have eight Wiggly keep my gosh I cannot
believe it you already look are we
having this one man guess what's coming
what I thought something it's only for
kids only for kids yes so this is the
food that we are bringing over to Jeff
and Tiffany's for New Year's Eve we are
going to Joel's brothers Jeff and
Tiffany's you've met them and their cute
dog pepper is a pepper yeah pepper we
have funeral potatoes we have brownies
and cannot forget the ice cream and no
we're not reading your popsicles um if
anyone knows me my one wish my one goal
is to what what was what was my ultimate
goal for New Year's Eve fine wants and
elegant New Year's Eve elegant yeah what
I want like dress yeah like like I want
to dress up fancy I want to like I don't
even know I want a nice party to go to
but for now the makeup will just have to
do me it feels good to have my hair and
makeup done you look good you'll drink
but we did have a formal hallmark visit
we look pretty good
I'll probably be wearing sweatpants
tonight they got these guys might go out
and do more wheeling pull the kids maybe
in the sleigh nine degrees outside
though yeah we'll see we'll see
really we're just excited to go sit eat
good food and whatever oh you want money
we need your mama okay I'm coming t is
just number
are you nervous of pepper
pepper is making you feel nervous is
typer making you feel nervous she's just
a tiny dog you're bigger than she is
you're bigger than she is she'll go find
some toys no let's get our snow pants on
stuff for anything huh well come on
let's go
daddy's waiting for you get going keep
going going yeah
do you have daddy's hat okay you ready
Zachary oh my gosh what did we think to
bring the Hat tomatoes oh my gosh okay
oh I hope they remember this look how
pretty they look out there I wanna turn
but I don't want to go out in the cold
hey buddy
did you not want to go oh look uncle
just gonna pull you good snow buddy look
turn around and look behind you he's not
going to take his eyes off the dog put
pepper in there with them that's a nice
ride for a little Boston that's really
nice if I'm the only one amused by this
footage I guess that's all that matters
but this is like just so sweet yay
Boston
Oh
so Jeffrey has lived in Maryland for Oh
Jeff has lived in Maryland for the last
what ten years ten years ten years
very often Joel has referred to his
brother Jeff and the awesome things he
did for Joel when Joel was younger and
he's the oldest brother and Joel is the
youngest and Jeff was always really good
to Joel so this is kinda it's really
good to have these guys back and they
live super close like 20 minutes away do
you know who you look like you look like
the little brother off of the Christmas
story Ralphie's little brother
good job daddy
Oh buzz when you gotta move
Oh
we stock busted she likes you she likes
you honey
this shows that let me see your
eyelashes oh they're melting so quickly
all those are such long eyelashes you
can't really see but they were frosty
they were frosty yeah you're happy oh
we're just eating dinner everything
looks amazing
look at this guy's sponge oh you wanna
hold the camera sure man skills that's
okay
I got it we're home our kids are in bed
and I think it's nine o'clock oh that's
the best New Year's Eve ever the best
New Year's Eve Ana we were all so tired
Jeff and Tiffany and us we were sitting
at a LAN all of us were yawning we're
like all right that's our cue to go
we're gonna go everyone's like okay best
kind of company when you can just be
honest and be like we're ready to go
like that's did you know any go places
and you're just like I really want to go
but I don't want to be rude like they're
awesome that was fun that was nice it
was good evening good food the kids
played hard oh the kids they played the
whole time which is great because they
wore themselves out so now they're in
bed and actually go exhausted Boston was
like out just drew bi well he went Jill
when you go no but I got him out he was
so cold it was negative - it's freezing
but when I got him out of the car he was
asleep in his car seat and his both of
his hands were in his little hoodie
pocket oh so sweet oh I didn't want to
get him so it's New Years Eve and we
have some New Year's resolutions and I
think that it's a really good idea to
say I'm not loud write them down because
it makes them a little more real this is
like a verbal documentation
with you guys we were kind of talking
about it in the car we were cut and I
wanted to know I wanted to know like
what like what are your goals what are
my goals and my goal this year and this
is nothing new I work on it I feel like
I fail at it every day but I works
resolution yeah but I think about it
every night and I try and be I try and
talk to the kids a little bit nicer
because sometimes I can talk mean to the
kids and I don't like it and I know they
don't like it it's not beneficial and so
that's my goal that I'm continually
working on is talking nicer to the kids
that's a good goal that's a good goal
one of the goals I thought and this was
kind of stemmed off of Bonnie's idea cuz
I really liked it actually your arm
teratoma no no okay
one of or my goal is to have meaningful
conversation with the kids I want I want
to listen to them and and the reason why
I'm thinking this is this today Cody and
I went for a little Drive to go wash the
car and for an hour and a half we were
together and he sat there with me and
just talked with me he just asked me
questions and just just as a little boy
to his look to his dad and it just it
felt good and I want to make sure I'm
doing that with Olivia and with Boston
and even with Lincoln just spending
quality time looking them in the eye and
listening to whatever they have to say
or want to tell me and I just really
want to do that this year a lot mm-hmm
so they know that they can talk to me
for Joel and I the last couple of nights
we haven't had our devices in our hands
as we've been winding down for the night
and I've enjoyed that I mean I don't
think that it should be like off limits
or anything but like I feel like it's
nice in the evenings when we're winding
down to actually like be together like
our minds in sync and stuff just like
you do your thing I do mind even though
we're together sometimes I think that's
fine but oh yeah well it was nice to I
mean binge watching any show is amazing
but it felt nice to just not be watching
a show and watching your device at the
same time flipping through the news or
updates or anything that it
just nice to just cuddle up spoon and
watch a show together and be so into it
and enjoying it that we were like
episode after episode we didn't want to
get we don't want to get up a one of the
season rating 40 minutes apiece it's a
good night but I want to do more of that
not not necessarily can't watch but just
yeah I spend time with each other so
when we sat at the table and had dinner
we didn't know that while we yeah and we
should have family dinners more when
Joe's home we generally eat dinner
together as a family though so but I
want to make sure we're do that a little
more structured stringently but we
always do we always have a nice prayer
and a meal and it's that's common
routine but I want to do that more and
then we have our own personal goals for
finances this year mm-hmm long term
short term just little things we just
want to do yeah we want to live like no
one else so we can live like no one else
Dave Ramsey Ramsey thank TM hmm what's
TM trademark
Dave Ramsey okay you guys we hope you
have a very I just said Kay that's my
new rails new year's resolution do you
know how many caves I edit out of the
vlog every sentence I start okay okay
good so guys yeah Kay or so yeah um I
hope I hope that 2015 has been as good
to you as it has been to us we have had
a good year not without its struggles
just like anybody but at the end of the
day it's 2015 or 16 starts tomorrow and
we made it through 2015 and 2016 is
going to be good and it's gonna have its
struggles but we're gonna make it and
we're gonna try to do better every day
right
right that's good okay
Happy New Year Happy New Year that was
weird Happy New Year's that's fine happy
new years happy new years I did have a
really nice 2015
