go Sudan eat your dinner Cody we're not
having helmets at the dinner table pull
it off help me
I got the baby in my hands help me oh
okay
sit down Boston I want you to finish
eating your dinner look sit down eat
your dinner hey guys we are sitting here
eating dinner and the kids are having
leftover ham and rice and I was telling
the kids I said look I said Lincoln's
watching you and he's looking at Boston
saying oh oh when I'm older I'm not
gonna sit like him because he's kind of
a naughty little he's being a naughty
little Boston don't you get off that
chair sit down Russians go back and then
he I said look at little Cody Clark he's
sitting just the way a little boy should
sit at dinnertime
should I should I sit like Olivia no I'm
not no oh yeah yeah sure I missed it
just like no not like that
I'm gonna sit just like that with all
four feet of my chair and I'm gonna eat
all my dinner all gone I guess what
Lincoln when you grew up Corey and
Boston are the funniest I'm not even the
funnies they make me laugh so hard
ma'am and it's gonna make you are you
are they gonna make you learn whatever
Bob said get back on you're kidding
right
she's gonna say it nicely because you
are eight am i I might say the first
time Lincoln get on your chair and sit
down like a good boy and eat your dinner
and then the second time I might say it
like Boston first yes oh you're dripping
cake but you pick your cup up we'll put
it down
the second time I might say it more like
Boston get in your chair and sit down
and then the third time that's when the
camera gets turned off and I say it not
very nicely and then these are down and
they either dinner ha ha yeah they're
gonna make you laugh I bet are they
gonna make you laugh
good luck because I'm not a big flapper
but these do give me laughs hi
they do make you laugh so hard while
these guys finish up their dinner I'll
just let you guys know I couldn't
remember or I didn't know if log miss
ended on December 25th or December 31st
so I went with December 25th and I did
it I did every single day and I feel
kind of proud about that and it was kind
of fun I I really did enjoy vlogging
every single day but many of you many of
you have asked please continue doing
daily vlogs I've really enjoyed it but I
also enjoy doing the three days a week I
knew I I normally post Monday Wednesdays
or Friday's thumbs up she just gave you
a thumbs up why were you giving me a
thumbs up
I don't mind - oh just tell me why are
you giving me a thumbs up because it
looks good I can perfect your mine
she's got my back guys you can take two
more bites and then you can be all the
way down okay huge ones just a minute
take the last attack easy in Boston go
take two huge bites and then you can be
done say something this Lincoln wanna
say yes okay - huge bites - huge bites
Olivia maybe you could go pick up your
toys in there
oh here's listen I want you to plug the
tree in and organize all your stuff so
it looks really pretty okay boy no first
you're gonna do that so what I was
saying I do not I will not be hmm what I
was saying is I will not be doing vlogs
on the daily even though I think I could
make it work I just don't really want to
make it work so I'm going to continue
with Monday Wednesdays and Fridays and
that way I can continue to really enjoy
it because that's super manageable I can
definitely do Monday Wednesdays Fridays
but stretching it to everyday
I just I don't want to stretch it
because it wears me a little thin and I
don't like the way I am when I'm
stretched thin because I'm really short
if you don't know I have a short temper
for real and I don't know I do well
unless I'm stretched really thin perfect
put it up by the table or a buddy think
I do really well but when I am stretched
thin I don't do very well because my
fuse gets even shorter and nobody wants
to be around me I fared well this month
but it's not something that I think I
want to do on the regular so watch for
my videos Monday Wednesdays and Fridays
and I'm sure there will be some bonus
videos in there too along the way I'm
down and quickly give me hugs and kisses
hug thank you kiss whoa whoa whoa okay
come on your beds now when can you come
up when can you come upstairs when the
Sun comes up
hey love you love you love you love you
okay good night guys okay you put those
on the chair and I want the table all
the way cleaned off with the spray and
then we'll do our nails together
keep on watching
did you pee in your diaper that's okay
we'll change it in the morning I feel
like he peed his underwear and he's
telling you so that means he's getting
ready to our underwater because he
doesn't like that he's peeing in his
diaper he wants toys like that does he
wants to work yeah
Boston caught out of his bed and he
keeps telling me that he pooped and that
you want me to change your diaper
but you didn't poop you just farted hey
no not my changer cuz you're that way in
the morning I'll change your diaper yes
I will just BAM you want Santa Claus to
give you that ball hmm kind of crazy I
think you just don't want to be in bed
right now oh no I'm not gonna let you
stay up you gotta go to bed like a good
boy and we'll play in the morning and
have a candy cane
should we do that hey oil effecting what
hey I always live you can have a candy
cane - I did clay have - yeah
nope we will not break your candy cane
you Cody and Olivia can each have one
but it is bedtime right now for me yes
for me during what meeting
yes okay
run get on your bed hurry and you are
all ready for bed yes your binky looks
so big in your you can't tell if you
want to cry
laughing yeah good night baby
I have been promising Olivia that I
would do her nails with the light since
probably July because she was biting her
nails really really bad and her nails
were looking really sad weren't they
so I promised her when your nails grow
out we will do your nails can move that
hand all the way Jose
and so they finally have grown out the
basement is finally done we finally have
a chance daddy still at work so we are
going to do Olivia's nails and she has
picked out a very interesting combo but
we're just gonna let her do what she
wants and another reason that I really
wanted to take the time and do your
nails tonight is because I'm sure
everyone has noticed in our videos
olivia is my number one helper and most
of the time you don't complain do you
because I work a lot with you and I just
need one time with mom cuz cuz grandma
um she asked ish if I'm gonna get those
three girls to have one day just one day
with them then I would have to take one
in two time in half when I - Lord okay
are you talking about Abbey and Julie
yeah yeah so tonight is just a special
night with just me and Olivia and she
even helped me clean the table off she
helps me do the dishes help me clean up
the toys in the family room so we work
hard but we play hard don't we baby okay
stick your hand in the light but she's
so excited for this part okay you just
stick your hand right in there
when it's dry we'll stick the other hand
in should we do that
mm-hmm yeah one hand right here so I can
paint that one and put that one right
there and hold very still while I do
another coat of this color okay why do
that because right now you can't really
see the clay very well they're called
okay you're bending your fingers just
hold stuff
the last time I did shellac on your
fingers you were I think three years old
mm-hmm
three maybe four and Joel insisted
because I had red glitter fingernails
and Joel wanted you to have matching red
glitter fingers for the fourth of July
I had just I was just getting over mono
and I remember standing downstairs in
the basement doing your glitter nails oh
yeah that's cute so let me see you think
that looks pretty I did blue purple blue
purple blue mm-hmm and what about the
thumb do you think that looks okay
yeah I just got Stu your think I just
did a little too much on that oh yeah
but you still can see some great okay
that's right okay put it in here no
other one yes again well okay sees set
it in next hand
I loved when I said the blow right there
reminds me of my favorite color blue
 yeah where is a dude
okay so now we take this and we wipe
them nice and freshly and they're dry
that is impossible that they don't come
off because you used a special light to
do it with so that last hand is drying
and Lowe's ticket gander we did every
other glitter one but that middle one is
her favorite because it has blue and
purple glitter in there huh and this one
right here and the thing is drying with
purple and blue that's right and you are
so excited you know you're going to bed
after this yes you are I am going to
edit this vlog and then I'm going to
take a bath and wind down for the night
so I will see you guys on Wednesday that
seems so sad I think I'm going to miss
you guys this is gonna be kind of weird
you might get bonus videos more often
than not but for sure Monday Wednesday
and Friday we'll see you guys later bye
are you ready are you taking that off go
ahead you can rub it off you want me to
do okay you guys look good rub it all
the way off
