it is Christmas Eve and we are all
experiencing a little party hangover
everyone is a little partied out
joel is still asleep lucky little soul
wanna show me red Olivia yes you're the
first one the founder and you got
chocolate please sneak into our
chocolate Oreo balls and I got silver
Santa so you've been kind of sad today
huh how come because I don't want room
to go
you don't want red to go ladies what
kind of sad because she knows that Reds
gonna go home tonight and he's not gonna
be coming back huh till next you what
you got here by your cars
last night all the kids got Matchbox
cars from grandpa yeah and Cody had his
eye on that one of course and bought and
had his eye on that one and Boston's
been toting around a Lincoln with new
little truck huh oh here wait
there's a hair right here that you think
is out of place yeah I am literally
creating monsters he can see little
hairs right here by his part that aren't
exactly where they're supposed to be
look at him he's like all upset about it
okay this hair right here thank you do
you see you like oh a rainbow yeah do
you know what I just I it's okay if
there's a few little hairs depart thank
you look handsome
you're supposed to be dishing out the
kids is food what are you I want from
her two for me one for them this is not
a traditional Thanksgiving Thanksgiving
this is not a thing oh my gosh this is
not a traditional Christmas Eve dinner
but I have plenty of food I have a ham
we have stuffing but we're all starving
and we don't have we haven't cooked it
all yet so I will spend the rest of the
day cooking and for now we're all gonna
sit I thought that the kids would like
having their own little bucket their own
little thing to eat out of just like one
apiece for now I don't want to erase
things I looked for chopsticks they
didn't have any have you cut your finger
with your knife sanika the answer is yes
no I don't think it's funny that he cut
his finger but that's part of having a
pocketknife and we're working yeah
Oh code you're gonna open that one look
sit down Oh
that is so that's from your brother
that's the perfect open Oh buddy whether
you stand over here you're in his way
we've got a cut away from yourself okay
okay this has been under the tree for a
long time in Olivia put a lot of work
into making this turn yes I did
oh is this an ordinate to go on the tree
I painted it blue yellow purple yellow
purple red hearts and some stuff oh yeah
he's a bonny vo Andy okay watch you hang
on the tree that's so funny I think you
wrote it on the back oh yeah yeah mommy
mm-hmm go hang it on the tree is there
anything else under the tree should you
may take it all you have presents for
each other get out of there it goes you
get a perfect okay I love you baby I
know I was like that's upside down okay
hold up pull in here I'll break the box
please okay that's from Olivia open it
up watching await further creative and
good paper the brunt of it okay show me
how to do it I hold this like this this
is the cran remedy an all about oh how
to cut the tape off start thinking pants
I thought you wanted to leave the
crayons in there okay okay yes okay I
know I can open yours
yeah yeah got semen
oh yeah oh there was a dinky Olivia wrap
this is the crayon rock you better watch
oh yeah Oh mommy dad I like it mommy's
not home in your crayon run it all day
long
mommy oh I get another one so do I do it
like this okay you open it you're my
favorite mother I know I'm not really
Helen I got a dime he's like maybe there
was a bikini
don't read too close my eyes come here
there's stuff in this one come out daddy
open this how does that fit remember
when you were sizing up my finger she
was making this he helped me open it now
mister we got for Dad yeah he helped me
open it I let him open it so you don't
think that yeah Leon yeah okay no I just
want to be clear here Olivia did you
wrap those up for Dad Nina I love it and
you made this box and wrote dad on it
Olivia that is the best do you think of
these I'm pretty impressed then they
just wanted to make presents for us they
spent like a huge afternoon one day when
you're at work just working on presents
to each other
in a minute do you guys all want to have
just pick one yeah yeah I'm gonna try it
I'm gonna tell you the kinds that are
spicy yeah I dunno okay the ones that
are let me think this one is
I gotta find Oh see like oh yeah this
kind right here
yeah that's spicy you can't have that
why
oh and that one right there
spank right there yeah spicy you don't
want that one let me find you
whoo maple nut butter let me see if it's
better
this one goes that one might be gonna go
open now I know with you open now is
push it keep pushing it okay John Cody
the better shop Oh apparently some of
these hippos aren't very hungry whoa hmm
sore loser in the family okay wait now
we gotta count who's got the most oh if
I only have one in mind the hungry one
two three I got away get six you're the
winner
you're the winner Boston's our winner
these are hungry a skipper he's the
hungriest I think he's the hungriest of
all hobos not even coming up for air huh
trick play again all right turn the
camera off cause it's gonna get real now
if that's not a mini Joel I don't know
what is hey Austin you guys's buns look
the exact same but little baby down for
his nap lost him but a car in here for
him
I think Olivia and I are going to
I think Olivia and I are going to finish
making my salad and buy my salad I mean
my mom salad everything that I ever make
anything that I do anything that's
positive it's my mom's idea see that Tim
that his pocketknife came in yeah that
tin is now pocket knife less he's cut
his finger twice so I'm gonna have to
tell Santa Claus he can't have his
pocket knife her a little bit he just
can't have it for a little bit
he's cut his finger twice and he won't
stop opening the blade thought I could
trust him to not open the blade I'm like
I can't use the scissors use the players
no he wants the blade so sorry son
what did you say and you think that
you're cool why do you think you're cool
hey guys we have one gun there you got
one gun in front and you have a pocket
knife in here but we're not gonna let
you man
what if anyone see what I think it'd be
perfect is if you had a love of it
without a knife on it thank you
is that blue yeah you got what colors
huh
yeah oh yeah oh okay or something slave
yeah Olivia's request was to sing a
Christmas song bargain something in the
cupboard
tell the binky's in the cupboard oh boy
Santa will take the old binky's home
then okay Olivia stood up I want to know
why you wanted to sing a Christmas song
because I wanted to have the Christmas
spirit cause you wanted to have the
Christmas spirit I think that that was a
really good idea
yeah that was a good idea you had some
Christmas cookies that she wanted to put
up for Santa Claus she has been so
excited about this all day you got it
shove the note you have the note huh you
don't know go get it
Boober Santa Boston peeled the oranges
and he got them for Santa Claus didn't
you yeah yep we put this was boss's
orange and he wanted to share with Santa
and Olivia saves these which was a good
thing
so says from Olivia to mr. C that means
for Santa Claus that divorce sucks a
different way to say cancer huh
should we run downstairs and get in our
bed Justin Santa Claus is coming tonight
have you guys all been good or bad this
year I think your kids have been really
good but the kids are in bed they
probably won't go to bed for at least
another hour or so but it is Christmas
Eve and the kids when they wake up Santa
will have been here and it's gonna be
glorious I can't even wait hopefully
Santa Claus comes well I think they were
good are you exhausted mom
Oh tired I've got this like ring of
headache all the way around my head but
I was gonna say Christmas Eve always
feels like date night to me oh yeah oh
yeah after we put the kids down sorry
after we put the kids down we just relax
for a little bit
and it is so nice to just enjoy and
think about the holiday and think about
I don't know that it's bit it's here
like munch on good treats watch watch
Christmas shows and that's really good
stuff yeah classica sani he's coming Oh
were you a good girl
no no well we want to wish you a very
very Merry Christmas I will see you in
tomorrow's video bye guys
