good morning you guys not gonna say this
morning was pretty but everyone looks
pretty now do you guys want to show them
where red is yeah according to the
person that found it and he wanted to
make things and he can't cook he messed
up get into a wrapping paper you just
wanted to have fun while you want
magazines um
joining lit Landon does he gets a clean
shower cap and he sticks them over those
well what is Reyes is that Olivia's you
think it's Olivia's because Olivia's
been wrapping a lot of presents yeah do
you know what I want to get a picture of
everyone in their cute outfits all ready
for the baby in his car seat
darn it they're dreamy
it's okay whispering quiet
because
you'll wake him up y'all keep in there
my baby is asleep we're here bowling
guys down here and I think we're just
trying to get these workmen and figuring
this out
are you this is going to come off the
floor in a minute okay it's going to
come off the floor I'm gonna let you
figure that out
first are you ready okay I'm gonna help
you okay
all right I'm gonna turn the camera off
because he might break a toe
you live in here
what are you doing your turn
Hey Hey
- transistor
thank you Bob that was actually relative
of us use that
she wants to do without
Oh
okay
I forgot to show that about 20 name is
on wait till it comes up Joel Joel named
himself Jeff for me
oh that's bon mot oh you're rolling into
my name right now yeah I'm doing both
what's your name up there huh mumbling
yeah
I was looking to gain I that well
they've always started a second game Roy
halfway through our first and then you
saw me filming here got read cuz he look
so cute stand over here I saw mom
scoping you out earlier oh did she yes
and I was laughing at her and she
admitted she was like death looks good
be careful be careful
might just get it we might get the spare
we gave Austin
open you know grandma keep that chicken
look at the end of it she got this some
little money's in there and I got a
little puppy Buddhist and a little
necklace Olivia
so sweet
so right now is kind of the aftermath of
our party everyone is playing with their
presents fixing broken hands why are you
looking at me Bonnie Jackson did not do
it no we're just gathering up our
presents I kind of just stopped filming
because these got a little crazy around
here and if you want to see all the
stuff you missed you can check out my
siblings channels but all in all it was
a very successful party so I think we
are going to try and gather up all of
our fun things that we got today and get
going back home before we get going
something very special was left behind
Santa Claus came and visited our party
and Santa Claus only left one present Oh
yep Cody Santa Claus left one present
and you were the only person who left
the present or open it up and show me
what that is
w-why do you think Cody Clark was the
only one that got a present from Santa
Claus let me see that he's got a little
Leatherman oh my gosh Cody look at that
it's Cody got a Leatherman pocketknife
Cody from Santa Fe how come you want one
of those Leatherman so bad favorite who
has one like that
oh okay I think that's pretty special
he wants to know if you can go to bed
with it tonight we're not gonna let you
go to benefit tonight it'll be right on
the counter for you when you wake up I
don't think he'll bother it I'll tell em
not to that's a pretty awesome I got I
got a first yes chef chapstick little
doggie purse with some little money's in
there 5 whole dollars
chapstick hey I got good you gotta let
me see that
oh wow and you didn't let go that all
night did ya it got so crazy ok get your
seat up son it just got so crazy in
there and I just I just really enjoyed
being and everyone else was vlogging and
I thought that if they want to see what
really happened to the party you guys
can go check out all my siblings
channels it's under my channels link
somewhere the channels tab click on the
channels tab and you'll see all of my
siblings channels go check their videos
out because they probably have way
better footage than I do but it was an
amazing day and the only thing that
matters is that we were all together ok
you guys thank you so much for watching
tomorrow's Christmas gravy it's
Christmas Eve tomorrow Merry Christmas
guys see you tomorrow fight
