Boston Lincoln and I had to come and get
you guys because I saw red and I think
you guys are gonna be excited my tree
your treat go find red are our own
candles course Boston's eating the
marshmallows already look at how cute he
is
oh I think she wants to roast
marshmallows birthday I can't skate sure
isn't that we can't afford it well we
could light the candles and really roast
a marshmallow on it but we might need
you read what so that needs moving over
here so I bet you'd be okay right there
well when it would get bird Oh careful
Boston Austin good grief it's like you
like treats or something like more
doughnut when they're cooked you take
them off and then you do this and then
you smash it look just like that one
right there no no babies look babies
don't have marshmallows Boston it's my
friend hmm
you can eat that look I'll put the
cookies back where I don't think we're
gonna have those for breakfast we're
gonna have oatmeal for breakfast and I
have to Olivia Oh big baby no no no baby
so my marshmallows what - babe easy mom
here we got all of mine secret dishes
laughter a chaplain yes he was talking
to you saying are you trying to make him
laugh yes her she liked it she pulled
your face like that
yeah how else my else did you say you
were mad at you before I'm like um pull
my shirt she pulled your shirt okay what
else she do hey buddy did you say she
pulls your hair show me what she did
oh she did that oh did that make you
happy
yeah right hello it made you cry hey
Lincoln's trying to cry oh so you think
that you're mad at Evie do ya yeah ding
beep and guess what why red good guy is
because there's four candles four sticks
and a big bag of mushrooms and cookies
and one from right here another steinem
my pills are this 4-1 you just wait make
four plus one are inside yeah and I
didn't even do that thing go boy you
have been the busiest worker I know
tell me exactly what this is because was
a surf at the top this is the family's
2016 nah I love everybody and
everybody's gonna repeat okay
everybody on the couch by the wires so
this is everybody and they're all my
cousin's these are all your cousins on
us and every single parents and you drew
the alphabet under here and this is the
fireplace with all these stuff that's
gonna make it for us but then you just
change it to everybody why it makes okay
store but what mr. Bourbon is there my
mom can't go there do you want to go
only holds you same time we go to the
store no I love you
so here's my purse and I'll give you one
guess as to what we're doing where we're
going but don't worry I have a disguise
yeah no one will ever suspect a thing in
this bulging bag let's go yeah let's go
oMG D Oh hurry hurry go go go go
it's raining and snowing Austin please
hurry oh my gosh please ready ready to
go good boy Oh oh my gosh okay whoa whoa
hey
looks like you
we might be nuts all for bringing the
kids to the movies we might just feel
miserable the whole stinking time but
I'm hoping that the kids will enjoy
themselves are you guys excited to see
the movie let me see your lipstick ah
that looks off your head he's coming
look he's gonna go park the car and
bring the key bring Lincoln in hey Cody
how are you feeling your hair is cracker
what did you say a gat we have that need
a Boston is so excited I think he's good
I learned how to do this on the islands
you can see the little cities should we
get the kids or drink
hey we show all right like yo sorry
jeez that type link afternoon take one
pass it down so excited we're watching
the good dinosaur yeah it's gonna be
good I hope it's good I've heard that
it's really cute of course it's gonna be
good what got me to open that opening
hey
flashlight oh let me do not drink all of
it before the cookies that was the best
show I know everyone's been talking
about Star Wars that show I want my mom
to see is so bad my mom see it so bad
it's like a dinosaur western the good
dinosaur so he slept on my chest for
like mmm 35 minutes maybe and then the
nurse tan
and then he just sat and watched the
show and he was so young he was so good
we were cracking up so much because
Olivia Cody Olivia Olivia you and Cody
just sat and watched the movie and
Boston it was so fatigues I'm like
where's Boston and just like always
right down there like way down there to
seat and I'm like where's Boston and
then he's like clear behind if he just
sat Russians really another variable is
like a row brownie stared now we uh
there was only us and like one other
family that was there and if he he
wasn't being loud if he was being loud I
would have stopped him but he just
quietly went c2c I think they kids loved
it what did you think of Indonesia
Olivia hey what did you think of the
movie did it make you sad at all no no
did it make you happy right um I
definitely could I was trying not to let
you see me cry it won't tell you at what
point but that was okay let's go
I'm not ready to throw you away Carlos
hey yo you just saved my dad you would
have thrown me out from behind injure
you worse on the throw than her stop
anything so after he came home cuz I
want to hug you cuz I like it you can
weird now
in the wind fix the mains they're kind
of going curly things a Sharma go curly
got the kids down and up whoa stop em
and as soon as we got the kids down we
have the babysitter come over here's the
babysitter come over and we're just
running some errands and last bit of
things so that Christmas because Bonnie
and I have a strong tradition of
Christmas Eve and Christmas Day pretty
much even a day before Christmas we
don't do anything we're the hominin
nothing so we're just you know Jim
Austin Ian's food and that kind of stuff
so gravity dad
yeah ending our date off right what do
you always get a Panda Express chow mein
orange ticket double orange ticket new
one now and since I've had the baby I
mean beforehand when I was pregnant that
was a whole different story I was like I
don't have one of everything please
but since I've had the baby I always
just get just a thing of broccoli the
broccoli and beef by OSA please leave
out the beef and just give me the
broccoli so that's why I guess about the
best part I get that plus one half of my
meal no not half I only need a couple of
couple bites for just a couple bites
here's on some radio Joe and I say miss
Jillian dream how's your part yes
you guys we've been doing vlogmas I
haven't missed a day yet that one summer
been late why was super super late sorry
yes and one was super early but not the
one in them for me
silly silly progress thank you guys for
watching it even X you know
