go step on Punky nope we are not going
to step on the pokies what's one
downstairs do you guys want did you guys
finally find red today yeah yeah he got
big he's up there
yes he is he even hung our new blinds
for us what a guy
I'm a nice helper huh no it's really
hard he does work really hard he works
toys okay wipe your feet off on the
towel tomorrow we're not gonna have to
do that our carpet comes tomorrow so
we're not gonna have to wipe our feet
before we come in the room my name binds
it on our bud rest come on guys go go go
what neither eat yes it is up in here
Cody so today um Joe went to church
while the kids and I stayed home because
they each have a little bit of a cough
and Oh coach you're gonna hit me with
that and Cody he has he's been miserable
the last couple of days and I finally
decided the second that he couldn't go
another night if he needed antibiotics
which I kind of thought he did because I
think he has an ear infection which I
was right so I dropped Olivia
what it was right about the air friction
Joel was right I said he is fine he's
fine
Mulla and Joe is like Monica I think he
needs to go to the doctor Joel thanks
for correcting me okay but let's get
let's get Boston's jammies on him ah
so I dropped Olivia and Boston off at
our next-door neighbor
grandpa's house there are um they have
watched each of our kids grow up they've
been really good to us we love our
neighbors and so I just said can I come
put Boston down for a nap at your house
when she slept the two hours that I was
gone because it took us two hours and
Olivia just played with Grandma up by
the tree and looked at
Christmas stuff and kind of cash there
was candy candy icicles a cake so my
neighbor was telling me that his mom
used to shave up um soap the naphtha
soap and wipe it on the Christmas tree
and it looked like real snow in the
Christmas trees and he said that the
neighbors used to come over just to see
the tree he doesn't have a picture of it
or anything but his mom is kind of known
for one big booty - getting my hat come
on big booty Judy anyway so we got
coating some medicine hopefully he'll
get feeling better you want to show us
what the doctor gave you he gave us a
token and we went over to the machine
come here come here we went over to NC
I'm surprised that he can even do that
cuz like anything touching his head he's
just like my head hurts but you jumped
off the bed and you seem to do just fine
yep so he put the little token in the
machine and that's what came out go show
me what it does on the door right here
right here
hi Cody slap up on the door sigh oh well
kind of couple it was sticky
I can Olivia try an intial hand it back
to you try everyone can do it once I try
everyone can do it once hey I guess it's
not as I came by yesterday yeah okay
let's let Boston have a turn yeah oh
yeah can I just tell you though
sometimes when people get sick they get
feeling kind of honoree but you have not
done that you want to know what Cody has
said to me this whole time
he has said mom thank you for taking
care of no he said mom I really like
that you've been taking good care of me
have you enjoyed sleeping with my whoa
so he K Boston bus and hand it to Cody
Boston Hanako TK he's really enjoyed
hanging out with mom and getting this
one-on-one time Thank You goofy don't
slam that door doors on the door he this
door joel painted it well after it got
painted it doesn't close it doesn't line
up yeah but if he slams it will whip the
paint off the door look at him he's so
an is so happy this is one of the work
rags um where's his car
yep yes this is one of the bids that
grandma Mika made for us that was nice
yes it was maybe River really nice too
so it was cute up here yeah did you hit
dad we'll turn the Sun on you want me to
turn the Sun on I got it one he said bum
bum okay Joe tell me your best and worst
part of today hey best part was sleeping
in we did sleep in that was nice it's
nice worst part about today being away
from you guys that was not fun even
though it was good to go hey do my
calling mr. Church you stinks to be away
from your family do you see him looking
at you yeah he was looking at - yeah as
where as it might sound my favorite part
of today was spending one on time
one-on-one time with Cody taking him to
the insta care we just sat together we
just sat together and I don't know he
was just really sweet to me mmm okay
coach your favorite part about today
okay once I do my liquor getting that
lizard what was your worst part and
here's part with some Alex up no
no no no changer loud when you jumped
out of a suburban and I hurt your head a
little bit and the cold air hurt your
ears yeah yeah what was your favorite
part about today when I was doing this
dick what was your worst part everything
it to do with my super bird
everything was your favorite part so you
had a good day yeah Michael I have one
more thing Chad was gonna bite me I'm
going buzzy Ryder birthday I mean my
worst part at red party to white memory
part
Glen in the door going in the door
that's interesting he's like good
airplane what's going up into your point
well we say worst part maybe I was I
mean about going to the rear airplane
what people in mouth no what would your
worst part like what was your bad rap
that's a bad boss put my feet wash
spider Boston look at mommy like three
part today anything make you sad today
hey
yeah well I this is the most lively I
think oh yeah okay give them some good
towel I'll be back again daddy you are
you yes okay I want everyone to come sit
down
hey Amir guys we are getting ready for
bed and come sit down guys hi guys
Boston come here here come sit down
we're gonna say good night to you guys
today is a short little clip all day
it's so funny ever since we started
vlogging if I any where I go anything I
do I'm like well I really should film
that but I have to tell myself to just
not to sometimes bakken who sit down
Kate come sit down by us um I wanted to
film Cody in the place today he was
being so sweet he was just being so cute
but sometimes it's best to just we will
get right back in the swing things I
think on on Monday tomorrow but what do
we have planned fun stuff I want to do
fun stuff I want to do fun stuff Monday
Tuesday Wednesday I want to do fun stuff
with the kids I want to forget about the
basement I want to just focus on having
fun with the kids I want to go sledding
I want to go to the me yeah yeah
okay we'll see you guys tomorrow have a
super good beginning to your week -
later a spy Christmas guys oh my god
