good running you guys were sitting here
on my bed watching vlogs and we're
watching April with her brand-new baby
and I could literally have a meltdown
thinking about going back to the days of
having a one-day-old a two-day-old a
three day old baby and I just I'm I
could just cry him like I can't do it I
could not and I'm like I don't know how
I'm to this point right now I'm sitting
here nursing Lincoln and I literally
don't know how I have survived four
months he's four months now and I don't
know how I've survived I don't I don't
know I think I've just been on zombie
mode for a little bit we have been
bumming it this morning well I've been
working I've been trying really hard to
get some work done but these kids have
been sitting and just Cody doesn't
really feel very well and Olivia you're
my flipping number-one girl aren't you
she's too focused hello hello sister you
are my number one girl do you know that
she's my number one girl and you're my
number one turd nugget hey Boston Wade
you're my number one turd nugget
guess who's doing a good job at taking a
binky
this is doing a good job at taking a BT
hmm Java pops at all you guys I don't
think I've ever seen my house this messy
for this long the kids are just ran wild
because I've either been with Cody or
the baby and we're supposed to be all
the way ready and out the door in three
hours three hours might seem like a long
time but the only time I really get
anything done is when he's napping he
wants to be held non-stop non-stop
that's where my whole day goes and
I'm not complaining that's okay it's
fine because I'm just telling that's
where the iPad went look how it's just
touched up like sitting right there this
morning
Oh devices whatever um I don't know I
I'm just I don't want to wish these
times away because even though they're a
little crazy and a little demanding and
difficult
I just I'm trying not to wish them away
because I think back to when I had like
I can't even
I don't even recall Boston or Cody I
that's how in the thick of it I was like
I don't recall them being this age yes
babycakes honey you've been busy all
morning so much have been working on is
one for my mom and one for daddy's long
ass Punjab this and I and there wasn't
so much colors and so I was wanting to
work on his toys and add more colors so
yeah because I he he just missed some
spots cuz I was gonna clear really you
are like a professional color let me see
this first one I got I gotta check this
out a little closer
whoa I was gonna give this action and
stuff okay and I did the doll that way
mm-hmm I did just a colorful bear
because I knew I loved colors Olivia has
been almost as busy as the Christmas
elves she has a bunch of homemade gifts
under the tree and I can't wait to see
what they are you don't even know I got
you
I know you don't even know what okay get
out like crayons because I know don't
give them away
blue kids always like to tell you like
what they got you and stuff it
and you wanna think that I didn't help
in this basement they are wrong I'm
having the bleed doesn't it huh
doesn't it feel better disco mood he
then this is the part that I did not
think was ever gonna like done we just
build like concrete wall good shot so he
has found these binky's and he just like
something I just don't care I know I are
you gonna have a pinky toe you're five
hey listen should we get dressed and go
to a party to just hear the gonna take
your baby out a second here you should
have a good nap is your mouth blue
from popsicles I'll tell you what feels
amazing is being able to do my own
laundry Joel hooked up the washing and
drying machines and they shouldn't have
to be taken undone again look at my
shirt can you see it sparkle on the wall
is that cool
do you see that booger face she will get
you cleaned up so we are deciding
between two or deciding between this one
which I'm sure everyone is gonna say Oh
white couch you have kids are gonna
stain it all that I don't really care
I'm debating between this one and this
one and here's like ah first of all he's
probably wondering why I'm like talking
together so I like this one all right
you do like either of them okay
I don't know I'm debating between this
one or this one this one seems more
formal this one is a little more relaxed
with the like kind of corduroy soft feel
it is comfy
both are comfy I like them both I like
involve I don't know we'll have to
decide I have to think about it so will
there be
it is Christmas season we're having
Christmas parties and we are at my
family's Christmas party everybody's
here all these cars all piled in this
house and I wanted to show you the
grandeur that is my parents Christmas
decorations look at this this is out
this is just it's insane outrageous and
this is not all of them that's the
insane part that's not all of them
we're like missing stuff every year my
parents get a new bulb that goes on
their tree which I'll show you and they
they add something new for the yard and
I want to show you the nativity because
my mom made this and then my
sister-in-law Tiffany she painted it you
can't really see the lights kind of but
they're little kids and that's everybody
and anyway kind of fun our family's
always been making this and doing this
for years we've always spent the day
after Thanksgiving putting all this
stuff together and it is Christmas party
time and we're having a party and now
we're putting the tree up and Olivia's
helping my dad trim the tree will you
helping trim the tree Olivia trimming
the tree look look at all these bulbs
like I was talking about them all look
good is that the first one okay
first one this one look at those that's
number one what year was that dad 1975
and where's this year's I think this is
cool
this one's I'll pull it off so you can
come see it
40 40 years 40 years they've got so 2015
they went back to the glass
kind of go back to the old standard for
40 years pretty cool but we are ready
for a party hon Lydia we're ready for a
party hung grandpa yeah yes we are
don't open it please Boston well you got
wake up what's this what's that what is
this what do you go what's that what
Union cookie how you doing where's my oh
that uh but I want me to help you open
it just rip it open just you know how to
tear into some potato ma which others a
piece of candy in there I think we have
ours right here
the mom and dad's turn okay
my dad and I have been delegated trained
duty so we're putting the train together
because all the grandkids want to see
the Train that's all they ask for I want
to see grandma on grandpa's train when I
go see the Train so me and dad are
putting it together and I wanted to tell
my dad thanks for a nice Christmas party
and a fun time we're having and a good
time for the season well thank you dad
and we're gonna end the vlog here and
finish our party so until we see you
again it had a really nice time
you go down for by Boston sit down
