good morning everybody what are we all
laughing at ridiculous booty shake I
didn't know my son had moves like that
oh my gosh
even Lincoln's giggling I came home this
morning and from the outside of the
house I could see that Lincoln's lights
on which normally never is on when he
was in his crib tent but it's on every
morning now and I came in in the whole
family was just on mom's bed dreaming of
warmer weather please watch the wine but
if you do I'll just give a warning
you're gonna want to go to Hawaii and be
a little bit depressed about wherever
that's why all right back to reality
let's all get ready for school
where's Olivia good morning Lincoln
you're up all night you make me crazy
where's that dancing so funny party good
morning I'm so happy you guys woke up
and wanted to come get in my bed with me
that was so fun when I walk in the house
it's a good way to start our Friday
morning yeah sure don't judge us we had
bonfires to watch last night
he'll dance here he's humming the song
Rockabye don't you cry we will go to
granny's he got mad at Lincoln for
whacking his spoon on the table and now
he's pouting and he won't make eye
contact with me oh hey there he is I see
you making eye contact now
are you in there pouting are you pouting
don't hit my dick oh are you taking it
apart nice dad I was just telling Olivia
your stripes with the flowers is
actually super cute good choice dad I
thought Boston was supposed to be doing
this you said you can do a few things
job code any of these are the finest
little toys it's one of the tool bits no
it's not
wait yes it is it is what does it do it
puts on the stop so you could eat that
too a bit
goes in there so you use that one to
screw it on with Cody seed that one
right there you have to use this tool
bit to stick in there
these come off and you can do different
ones in them and if it goes the opposite
way if this one goes forward and
backwards to like put it in and then to
take it out
where's you you didn't get it going that
one bud
who is that Disney didn't take Lincoln
Dittmann mommy and daddy is your plane
done I'm late for a very important date
my truck is actually gonna get its very
first oil change we have put enough
miles on this thing
to earn itself an oil change and I
literally feel excited about this as I
do when I take Cody Boston and Olivia
and Lincoln to their very first dentist
appointment it's like never first
checkup and this is Frank two three
first checkup
hey go bud let's go that is possibly the
fastest oil change of ever experienced
in my life I've had an appointment for
10:30 and I'm out at 11:00 11:00 I was
hoping to get most of my editing done
for the day and I didn't get through all
of it at all most the time I'm here for
at least two three hours which is great
that's what I kind of planned on just
relax and edit and hang out and do my
thing while they did theirs and they
surprised me and we're done
very very fast maybe it's just because
my engine so little that it just takes
just a little bit of oil
happy Saturday morning family us girls
are watching the boys playing Nintendo
do you like to play yeah I just like
just not the way they do hey where'd
your Apple go apples will stain things
it's the craziest thing Matt so I'm like
where'd you put your Apple busting
where'd you go oh you're right there
I Boston did you throw that entire Apple
away I'm gonna make you go get it mm-hmm
I sure did trying to get the kids up and
ready and out the door this morning I
thought was gonna be the death of me and
there was a lot of chaos a lot of tears
and then finally after this storm had
calmed I came down and Olivia was
getting her dolly ready for the swimming
pool is that her swimming outfit well
get your other girls dress then
oh my can't bring more sure yes
Oh fix a colored thanks how come your
face is a little red over here Mad Dog
does Cody slap art why did Cody why did
you slap him hard
the deal was Cody is going to allow
Lincoln to play in here if Cody watches
him right Cody and how often do you
usually hit never Cody never hits he's
not a hitter so when I came found and he
just like walked Boston right in the
face
I thought well I'm sure there was a
reason so I don't think it's probably a
great idea to have Lincoln play with
your Legos all right if you're watching
him that's ok Cup Boston you're gonna
come with me come help me get everyone's
swimsuits ready to go do this like some
snacks at the bottom and then like I put
um a dress then there's like after she
goes swimming she won't be freezing cold
so I have this week's you on her and
that is my old bracelet around her neck
and I got this for my cousin a long time
ago I have to do like this trans kinky
and like I had this dress it had these
kind of things on it it's a swimsuit
listen I've had seriously for a very
long time this one you can like tie it
around your neck and then the back two
strings tie into a bow so flippin sweet
like a superstar superstar rationalise
don't let the red carpet now
this is like mating try not like it's
like I wear it a lot actually
while Bonnie takes the kids over to
Ellie and Jerry's to get in the hot tub
I have a privilege of ushering at a very
important funeral for a member of our
congregation and I think this is going
to be a very tender and sweet experience
and I was very honored that I was asked
to help usher and help serve in any way
for this funeral because it's a very
important individual and our Ward and
I'm grateful to have known them
you guys know my favorite kind of dates
the dates that I don't have to show last
week we were going to see this show and
they were out seeds were sold out and so
we ended up going and seeing the
murderer on the train show good enough
whatever anyway that was that was almost
that was the best show without the best
show I'm ready to buy a ticket going to
all the hype around the greatest showman
Kevin feels called the greatest showman
yeah yeah like it's legit it's not the
above-average Roman the greatest it is
budget and so but we are gonna close the
blog thank you guys for watching this
weekend was so fun this weekend was good
thanks for being our date guys
million dollars and the rise in the ride
