Olivia has quite a few things to show us
this morning don't you
so Debbie came last night and she gave
us the familes and I definitely got to
it I wanted to pick the reindeer and the
horse because he was a real sock so I
was gonna name her caramel cuz this girl
looks like coal and then I need this one
chocolate because it kind of looks like
that was awesome
joins show us where that is today yeah
you were the first one to find it Mucha
well it's not tree I think he was
wanting to help us paint foot color I
think this is just called painters putty
I think he's a little sweetheart for
wanting to help us a little bit I love
the color that's on the wall you know
nobody likes it hold that yep yes we
went with cultured marble and I always
thought it was cultured marble but it's
cultured marble okay this is kind of cut
get in here come on out don't watch your
feet don't step on the pokey thing yeah
last time eight yep you stepped on it
and it really really hurt didn't it yeah
yeah yeah turned away I can't see what
I'm doing oh there we go upstairs
oh you poked on a stubby upstairs aha do
I just say pokey I don't know what I
said all right
Wow sigue you want elf to see that drunk
I'll show him French ooh him Winston
so look read what she can't hear you Wow
I bet he loves that Boston good job if
you want to entertain kids give them
boxes I would prefer if my boxes were
empty because these are Christmas
presents for people they came in the
mail and the kids are like destroying
the boxes I honestly don't care because
they're staying out of my hair I think
they'd built like an obstacle course
they block themselves in and they're
running back and forth here all the way
to over here not onto the hip treasures
back there I am trying to get dinner
ready as you can hear Angela's still
downstairs working his guts out and I
have not
I have not been that great at getting
dinner's ready and so I thought okay
what does Joel like what can I put
together for Joe what can I put together
for Joel for dinner and Joel loves
olives it took me a long time to acquire
the taste of olives but these are
actually pretty good so for dinner I
kept it super super simple
I have pasta and noodles
I have olives tomatoes and the sauce
that's in here is just the juice from
the olives so these are Mazetti olives
and orange zest if anyone knows me they
know that I don't like to waste food and
I get that from my dad and my dad gets
that from his dad so my grandpa grew up
during the Depression and you didn't
waste food and when we were growing up
my dad did not like when we wasted food
because he was not allowed to waste food
as a kid and I just have naturally kind
of taken on that attitude when it comes
to food and so when I found that you
could use the olives in the jar and then
you can also use the sauce for pasta
sauces you can use it just as dipping
sauces um I looked online when I was
trying to find something to make with
olives I looked online and there's like
a cheese basically it's just cheese and
like this dressing that goes over the
top and so I couldn't find all the
ingredients that I needed for the sauce
and it was kind of a pain and then when
I read you could just use the oil in all
of salus I thought that is amazing so
that's what we're doing for dinner
tonight we're keeping it simple and it's
quick so hopefully Joel is at a breaking
point where he can come and eat that
looks good okay I'm
you guys a little at first and then
we'll see oh my gosh you know this
video really should be all about matter
hi bud yeah everyone has theirs but that
doesn't have his you feel awesome
I'm sorry I'm coming I swear it's a good
thing the baby is asleep because this
would be a little rough yeah well it
hasn't it has been a little rough these
kids are doing good it smells amazing
I like these already okay okay I want to
see these kids try and olive these are
blue cheese stuffed olives and I'm
nervous because I don't love like sour
I know Joel's gonna love them I know
you're gonna love him but I want to see
if the kids like him yeah it's a big all
up it says appetizer ready on them so I
think that they should be are they not
you do you didn't pull a face you love
me Dad I'm waiting for like a strong
Greek flavor but it's not like the sour
dang it you know that's really not I was
gonna I was hoping that the kids would
like pull a sour face or something but I
don't think they won't those are pretty
good I love them
Olivia loves everything though Cody your
two-year-olds just might not like it but
okay you guys can dip your you can dig
your you can dip your toothpick in the
cheese oh my gosh you like it did he eat
one yeah the whole thing is it gray what
did you have a grape that's kind of what
I thought what do you think of the pasta
oh my gosh you're actually not bad
they're not pretty
by the looks of it I kind of expected
everything to be like really bold and
really crazy like make your pull faces
but it's just like a really good genuine
like flavor
thanks pretty good you something I
wanted to try this kind of stuff to put
together like platters just to see
because you don't want to try something
the day you're taking you somewhere but
I like um I like platters but sometimes
I get sick of it putting the same thing
on and I think that this is a good blend
right here you go back to work I'm gonna
get the kids ready for bed everyone take
your dishes over to the sink hurry hurry
take your dishes to the sink
you want another great blue if you guys
want to check out my Zetas website I
know they're doing a holiday giveaway so
the link is down below is everyone have
their jammies on and since we are behind
on our laundry these guys were getting
none of the matching ones okay I want to
know what your favorite part of today
was we've having peanut butter
sandwiches don't want any apples and
yeah
that's your favorite part why is your
favorite part of your day always food I
put in snow
my first worst bar oh my chip pick up a
little bit on my pants
yep you put a toothpick in your pocket
and poke the hole in your pants and my
worse is worse just worstest worst part
about busing can't keep punching me okay
now come here
sometimes you don't understand this part
of our night okay I'm flat egg blood
stole the store uh your favorite
problems met back now my favor I got a
story and we got you a candy cane today
didn't we a chocolate is that fun over
there yeah it's karaoke okay a candy
cane okay what part of today made you
sad yeah you don't quite get that part
play para ser me ha did Cody scary oh he
did scare you today huh today I was like
why a girl um yeah and your least
favorite part was when Cody scared you
huh betsy bugaloo Bachelet glitter
basketball what was your favorite part
oh man eating mommy rock all right hey
you look like you're gaining some weight
miserable you look like you're gaining
some weight mister you look like you're
gaining some weight yes you do you do
Olivia's been sleeping in here because
her room her room is still full of stuff
from our remodel so for now Olivia's
been on the top bunk and you guys have
actually done pretty good sleeping in
here haven't you guys
yeah yeah so here's their son and what
do we do at night MA yeah that to do we
say goodnight to the Sun okay can you
guys say good night to the Sun and it
gives them a wink and when are you guys
allowed to get out of your bed star it
takes for me to come up and then when
the the face on a star keep there and
then just some part grab it like the
star part go the way that the face is
still there and then the Sun comes yep
the Sun comes up and then you guys are
allowed to come up out of your rooms but
if you have to go potty you can come out
but that's mostly like for Boston huh
yes otherwise otherwise they come out of
their room at like 5:00 and 6:00 and
that just kind of helps them to know one
its morning time and when the boys are
still asleep in their zones up I love
yes and we don't wake each other up in
the morning hi guys
guess what one when is on the up they
just just tiptoe up here and when I wake
up
yeah cuz you like to sleep in huh yeah
it just can't go so fast on your bed
stinker I stick on everyone but we're
still here thank you guys so much for
watching we hope you guys have a good
rest of your day and we'll see you in
our next video in our next video Oh Oh
bye guys
he's okay he bumped his head but he's
okay hey now stop being crazy go get on
your bed give him a kiss good night I'm
a kiss good night give my kitty my
goodness
okay don't Mullen don't make him cry
hurry give him kisses and they go get on
your bed okay that's enough cold cold
cold hey we're good on your bed good
night guys Hey
