look at the milk the foot he did to your
milk they gave me like a screen hey man
I see your meal look at its green what
some green elk okay you are a welcome
email keep up Green Mill is chase
jabbering dad it tastes like
strawberries haha there you go
does your elf milk know anything again
my goatee nobody is feeling quite a
hundred percent everybody's got a cough
this morning and didn't sleep very good
especially cold sleeping and he's just
happy here just happy huh
you did get me happy to be here oh yeah
yeah big old boogie in your nose anyone
okay whatever you say
okay how's your toast are you okay what
happened
lemon juice lemon juice yeah lemon milk
yeah how to make her else kind of crazy
okay we'll have some hey guys
so this is the first time that I am
picking up my camera today and it is
10:20 so all morning I kept thinking to
myself I need to pick the camera up I
need to say hi I need to start filming
the day and every time I went - it just
wasn't a good time and who I might go to
Boston Cody Boston called Boston Cody
has not felt very good today and
honestly I think he's kind of had like a
fever like kind of chilly like getting
the chills
ish you know and so all he wanted to do
was snuggle in my rug with me he loves
when I have my robe on I opened it up he
wraps around me like a little spider and
I close him in my robe that's all he
wanted Boston needed a bath in the worst
way like he smelt like a man
he was stink so we gave baths today we
just kind of hung out Olivia had school
and I don't know I just I just the the
camera just did not have a place in my
day today I thought about you oh they
know I just but it wasn't stressing me
out
so Joel is at work he is still at work
right now he should be home soon
but I just thought I can't wait for you
I need to get this uploaded and so
you're just getting me you're just
looking at this face today and it wasn't
a good day but I'm not in a bad mood
that make sense like the kids were good
they were a little stressful I'm like
kind of shaking because I'm cold sorry
but yeah I'm in a very good mood right
now
even though stuff has not gone my way
today like I just got a super funny text
from my dad
that totally cheered me up i FaceTime
with Jared today even though it was over
like computer issues like he made me
feel good today
how could Jared not make you feel good
have you seen the guy when Ellie came
over today I posted a picture on
Instagram of me and Ellie and I thought
it was hilarious I was like super in my
sweats messy hair naked mug and she was
like hot mama and I don't know I just
thought it was really funny posting the
picture of us side by side and that kind
of put me in a good mood I went to
Cole's and I ran some errands there and
the lady at the customer service counter
I could tell that she was like the line
was long people were not being the
nicest and she was a stinkin dang
sweetheart and when I got up there I
told her I said it was kind of fun
watching you in the line because you
know you're in a really good mood you
were really nice to everybody and she
was just like thank you she's like thank
you and and it made me feel good to like
talk with her and then I went to oh I
went to Verizon I'm gonna show you what
I got I went to Verizon to talk about my
phone if I was ready for an upgrade and
stuff and the guy helped me he took my
name and he took my phone number and he
totally acted cool it was the manager
there and he walked away and then he
walked back over and he's like I hope
this isn't weird he's like but my
daughter watches your YouTube videos and
it just cracked me up I was like that is
so funny he's like she watches your
beauty videos and stuff I'm like Oh have
fun I'm like how old is she
she's she's mine I did not
I get comment a lot people saying oh I'm
only ten Bava and I've net and I and I
don't usually believe him like I don't
know why I feel like it's someone
pretending to be young but they're
probably not
probably really are like 10 year-olds
commenting crazy anyway I'm going to
show you what I got
okay-y ultimate this is my new baby he's
right my cameras flashing hold on huh
it's funny looking at it in the camera
it doesn't look this is the rose gold in
person it's very pink anyway so that's
the front of it you guys want to see my
who my little screen saver is isn't he a
little babe I love that boy so I turned
in my old phone for a store credit and
he was I was telling him something I
don't know I think he mentioned my purse
he was like oh I like your bag he's like
I bet my wife would like that and I was
like oh that old thing like no it's
anyway um so he brought out he's like
well you might like this which I maybe
he was just trying to make sells because
he works on commission
I don't know I don't care but this is
amazing so this is a Kate Spade bag and
I think I was complaining because I was
like I just throw my phone oh this is
what I said I said I need to get my own
I need to get my phone it's own little
purse because I just throw it in my bag
and phones are too expensive just to do
that and so he's like well I have this
little case is like you might like it so
it opens up like this and my phone I
love that so my phone can slide in this
right here and then I can have my cards
of my driver's license they're all the
whores like space in here you can slip
some money or something I don't really
know but I thought this was really
really cute too because when I just run
summer that's all I'm gonna take but if
not I'm just gonna throw it in my bag
and I don't have to worry about like not
finding my phone and stuff anyway I am
very pleased with that purchase anyway
and then I did a little Christmas
shopping and I don't know I just feel
like I'm in a
good mood even though like things are
kind of stressful everyone has stress in
their life everyone everyone has issues
it's a matter of how you react to them
how you I don't know just how you deal
so I'm gonna show you the basement
actually I'm gonna start up here so the
light is still burned out I haven't
fixed it okay so we only painted up this
wall and then you can see like where we
stopped because this is beep to heck and
that is all from sheetrock oh my
goodness the painter did an amazing job
he was like where's your old paint for
your walls he's like I'll touch over the
walls I'm like oh you don't have to do
that like it's we're gonna redo that in
months later he's like let me do it so
he patched up all of this right here
which makes it look so much better I
can't wait till we get a new door and
stuff but anyway carpet comes Monday so
these walls are textured and nice now
and oh I have to watch my feet because
the tack strips from the carpet move
kind of hurt so this is all painted and
this is the in my mind this is the exact
paint that I picture Joel built me that
amazing fireplace which we picked out a
fireplace and I actually need to go pick
it up tomorrow
so floorboards are painted everything is
painted we have the blinds we just need
to put them in
Joel needs to do the trim out take the
garbage out which I'm so it that we
didn't take this out to the garbage
before he painted that kind of was
accrued while he was painting so really
mine alone might not have been that
preventable I'm still shaky because I'm
cold
um but we had better not hit walls with
that laughs works he is gonna go it's on
my wish list for Christmas and I hope
Santa thinks I've been good because it
really really one of the closets painted
we didn't paint in here other than the
ceiling just because um because we're
still going to be doing some stuff in
there which if you stay tuned you will
find out so this is the first time I've
seen the kids since I caught huh I did I
say this yes I got the babysitter for
tonight I don't know if I said that I
don't know if I said that I got a
babysitter because I just didn't do
anything through the day I didn't film I
didn't I didn't do anything i sat with
my kids all day they needed it and I
needed it I loved spending time with the
kids today it was it was very much
needed for both of our on both of our
ends like even though life was busy I
just thought I just need to be with them
so I'll show you then but anyway I just
saw Boston for the first time and he has
a pinkie in his mouth
they rock my world they rock my world
I cannot believe our basement is finally
coming to an end I'm still in love with
the paint color on the wall oh it feels
really good to be coming to an end but
back you guys thanks for watching thanks
for your support and just be happy
see you in the next video bye guys
