well that's not funny
why did you hear that
good game what good is game close to my
first baby oh my god no no no into his
hands
there's needle well maybe he did that
because he didn't take him it was he
wanted to know if yeah maybe maybe yes
does it you all there's treats in there
those are muffins join a muffin it's
just a little more soft it's the first
thing in the morning yeah why don't you
get the muffins down and you save some
for breakfast this is literally the best
day of my life
ripping these flippin stews up I
remember before we before we've logged I
was recording Olivia when she's very
first learning how to crawl up the
stairs and I was so in there
because the carpet was so nasty and I
thought I don't even want to record her
on the stairs and so I never recorded
these kids on the stairs because I was
too embarrassed like even though no one
else was seeing the videos I just
thought oh that's disgusting and I
really is that Oh what was that we're
totally grown-up you want another muffin
we are gonna enjoy our day together I am
enjoying our day this is
dude you are to eat your four-wheeler
stuck today yep yeah
and yet we got like a foot of snow I
have to go play in it and I had to go
play hard for just like ten minutes
I remember coming to stores like this
with my mom when I was young and you
know you'd walk around and I don't know
it just feels so cool that like I'm
doing this now like this is so fun these
fireplaces are awesome Joe I don't know
how we're gonna pick one just pick one
but one do you like I think this one is
simple and perfect I think this one is
cute like I like that we honestly wanted
to do a pellet stove down in our
basement because I like the smell of
pellet stoves and I kind of like it but
I think we're just gonna keep it simple
or flush yeah
he's gotten so fast to eating today
right before we left us and I'm just
gonna chop them up completely ate in
like 15-20 minutes it was awesome 15
like 13 tops
he's getting good working it's a good
thing he knows what he's talking about
because I don't know anything I just I
told Joel that I couldn't find my phone
and I was pretty sure I left it in the
car so he ran all the way back to the
car colder side then when you open the
door to the dress open the door mom was
calling me I'm sorry phone was calling
me from inside the suburban I'm so sorry
I'm sorry it's good for your lungs to
breathe that cold air
when I was a little kid I grew up with a
house that has big Hills on the side of
it
we'd sled all day all night it's flat
right here you can tell it's just just
nothing but plant so we gotta improvise
and I'm I'm forced to pull out my poor
wheeler in the snow I'm just forced to I
have to hey coach
ready hey little Eskimo let's come out
Cody how come you're wearing my head now
yeah hey hood kept falling off so I just
had to give him mine looks pretty cozy
warm you go get back in there okay
I will not allow this to become a habit
let me see your feet what's on your
hands
Boston mommy is so mad that you have not
taken a nap for two days in a row I
cannot wait I cannot wait until the
basement is done and you can nap in your
own little bed and actually take a nap
Boston I can't even say it enough I am
so grateful that Joel was able to take a
break and we hiring a painter has
allowed him to enjoy his day off
this would have been him taping all this
stuff up doing all this stuff I am so
grateful that we found someone that was
really good then you get on the bed and
I'll come there and put your socks on
shoot get off that bed
in one of the last comments someone was
like Bonnie you seem really happy um I
feel really happy I think the kids feel
really happy right now and I don't know
for a minute there things were getting
very stressful for a minute there I
really think I was having I was
struggling feeling happy but I
truthfully and I think it shows I
definitely think it shows it might not
show when I'm trying to be happy but
when I really am happy you can just
there's the difference I mean I don't
know there's a difference but I feel
very happy right now and maybe it's
because we're coming to an end of this
terrible not terrible this very busy
expensive little venture that we're
doing should I show you guys just a
little sneak peek the carpet ripped up
the mantle is painted Early's prying
with using primer oh you didn't want to
see this mess look at this mess oh hey
oh hey all of Joel's tools I hauled all
of these tools up last night when Joel
was finishing up when Joel was finishing
up last night with a few things I hauled
all of those up I did not want to the
blog was uploading and so I just started
picking up tools bringing him upstairs
so he didn't have to do it at least
everything and I think we went about
like 12:30 there's nothing there lady
she's always ask me but like do you talk
to yourself because sometimes I talk to
myself
all right you twisted my arm with you
baby's asleep
daddy's playing with the other two kids
and I'm so so tired he so we're gonna
close her eyes 30 minutes and then we're
gonna go get a TV look at them who's
your favorite bringing Cody is okay
then who who else do you love ya love
Jackson who else do you love that Teddy
who else to love who I flight I love
lamp
who else do you like
Dumbo that's weird I share a goof ain't
you after what I shan't go faster you
said go faster I don't go slow you don't
like to go slow
Wow okay Wow close your eyes
go sleep hey our painter is just gung-ho
he has not quit and he I think he still
has a little ways to go it's time for
the kids to go to bed and there's no way
that we could like walk down through the
family room huh hmm
it would just I I don't want the kids
touching and any of the tape or the
anything because you just I don't want
to mess with anything down there so I'm
getting a cold can you hear it it's
progressively gotten worse through the
day gosh dang it
makes me sad I've got called anyway
the beginning of a cold so the kids this
is what we're doing we're gonna sleep
right here in the family room and will I
be happy if you kids get out even one
time are you gonna stay in your beds
because you do not want the fury of me
in your face because it will be fury
right the head that's right we have had
a big day it's been a long day it's been
a fun day me and daddy I feel like one
to watch
I fell on this hill again we down that's
awesome Boston you never took a nap so
you should be just fine going to sleep
and the kids were like can we sleep in
our jammies I'm like sure sure you can
do that so we're sleeping at close oh
they're close that's what I met thanks
for tuning in today guys and hopefully
we'll see you tomorrow bye I had a
really nice time
