oh okay any component goddess maybe he
takes
yep get off I said
maybe that means hard to take a bath
tonight
that was right illusion by my throat
she's not even in there sorry yes
lightly that word you'd like that one
okay which one does Olivia like that man
how come that one what color is it pink
and you think Olivia would like the pink
one uh-huh we all like the desert bag
dried it
I'm just Cody white which one does Cody
like he did point to the white one
earlier clean you like blue
okay and open it hmm you're scaring me
okay okay your breath is so stinky your
breasts are stinking
do you want us no my brain yeah
Pixma good good morning you guys we just
got that from couch shopping and I have
found no luck I initially wanted cloth
couches downstairs but I cannot find
anything in Claud that I like and so I I
don't know I've been kind of looking at
leather sofas now and it's like I don't
want leather because they're kind of
cold I want my baby to be more like
comfy cozy you know so anyway Boston is
taking a nap right now and Cody is just
looking through magazines telling me
what I want
he's playing with a toy and I'm just
waiting for Olivia to be done with
school and I don't know I think Ellie
might come over later this afternoon and
I'm debating if I want Cody to go out
and play in the snow he keeps telling me
he wants to go play in the snow which
usually I just let him and I don't
really care but I don't know I just
don't really want them getting wet we
need to figure out dinner you want to
help me make some dinner huh don't hold
me make some dinner I don't know I like
you know which one eat I don't know what
I want to eat either
luckily Joel will be home tonight and
then he has the next couple of days off
and hopefully we'll be able to go find a
sexual together or we might go pick out
a fireplace not really sure but I am
excited that he will be home and he
won't be having to do too much too much
work in the basement because I did hire
the painter usually we always paint
ourselves but I just thought I would
much rather Joel be able to spend a few
days with us and not necessarily
laboring on the basement and so whatever
it costs for that painter it's going to
be worth it to me because Joel won't
have to do it himself no look we got a
first we got to put your coat on and
then we'll put your gloves on sometimes
we can't get your
coat over your gloves one what is the
lettering I know okay for sure okay I
got it
what are you recording yeah you look so
cute
are you gonna go play on all that snow
okay
are you gonna watch for Uncle Jared I
guess Jackson's been saying your name
all day where you're the glove oh right
here you get it in okay hood we're gonna
mess up your good hair day big enough
fun up here
don't touch my piano
oh just did touch my piano Cody did you
do all of that and the only reason it is
that dusty is because they are sandy I
couldn't think of the word they're
standing all the walls down there mm-hmm
how come you're so cute okay why haven't
you fallen asleep you don't know okay
however you're sick
no it's not time to get up I'm just sad
that you haven't taken your nap hmm
what is that you can't get out cuz it's
still nap time no you haven't even taken
a nap what have you been doing in here
ripping up paper oh that's naughty
sister jann are you looking up at the
fender without you my man hey let's
cross your legs like a like a mr. butt
oh don't pull Mama's hair Applewood sure
is funny mum you thought it was funny to
pull Kody's hair it's not funny to pull
Mama's here it's playable answer a clue
oh I can't disarm you like a this owl Oh
a like this Apple click away you're like
oh oh where you like at this owl my
lioness that will happen and it's all ok
what is that how cute is my lucky my I'm
not I was cute uh-huh
I gotta go get my BB Oh nope nap times
not over I'll come get you in naptime is
over can't believe mister haven't taken
a nap where's your tummy let me see your
one more kiss mommy - oh sure the host
will pushed me haha like I'll go get the
baby well you're just fine little mister
you just want to be held all day it's
he's awake he just wants to be helped my
mom asked me yesterday she goes how do
you get anything done if you just kiss
him and hug him and hold him all day I'm
like I don't I don't get anything done
not the way I used to anyway just what I
ordered oh and Jeanie you've got to be
careful this is what we have to do when
she's been out
and then this skirt to show everyone
yeah that's gonna be a little bowling it
let's give it Christmas like are you for
real yeah okay you know I gotta think of
something yokas Eric I don't wanna like
it's weather and stuff sofas I got and I
have onion breath you don't smell me oh
the kids missed each other they just
want to play so fine I've never seen
Jackson might give the ugly cry so oh my
god well happy reuniting my children I
couldn't get him out of the car fast you
can catch the Cowell later on but don't
let him even touch the towel maggot lon
don't you know what I think I think I
think it's okay yeah but I think I think
that there's a one touch rule if he does
it the first time never does it again
yeah and plus it's not his off so I
think it's okay it's RLE I be it's okay
can't get your magical hate hey there's
an on ownership healthy-looking clause
seven hallelujah it is almost bedtime so
I saved my room to clean the last the
kids and I we picked up the family room
we did the dishes and now I have them
watching a movie while I kind of work on
my yeah well I work on my grim Boston
just comes walking up here like it's
nothing just oh hey I'm just out of my
bed that's pretty much exactly what you
said someone said in the comments
they were like um
this is kind of bad but I really like
when Boston gets in trouble he smirks or
how he tries not to smirk no it's not
like I know that me laughing only makes
it worse but he's so flippin cute I
can't take it yeah the kids have been
sleeping through that for the last month
for weeks
seriously poor kids oh that's so dusty
for everyone's request they have not
seen enough Joel in the vlog I'm busy
stuff to do yep they want to see more of
you so I'm gonna point this at you and
you're gonna entertain us doing more
than me I thought they need a more
cowbell but Deva back to me all wrong
this is the last door this is the last
thing that we are doing and now we're
done yes we are done we just need the
painters coming tomorrow everything else
is done the caulking puttying everything
painters coming tomorrow and we're gonna
have a new basement yep Christmas is
done and doner choking on dust probably
I'm in here choking on dust thank you
barks probably so sick I'm not having a
big basement for playing oh I'm sticking
the kids not having a basement to plan
they have been at my feet 24/7 I am
ready for them to not be okay I'm gonna
let Joel work I'm going to edit the vlog
while he finishes working and then we're
going to clean the basement together
we're going to get all the tools all the
stuff out and get things vacuumed and
swept up and everything so we're ready
to go and we're going to enjoy our day
tomorrow draw hands next two days off
and we're gonna go do something fun
a fireplace go play us out maybe play in
the snow on eat some good food yeah yeah
that's what I like
mm-hmm hey if you guys have not seen our
Elf on the Shelf from last year I will
have link down below the playlist to our
Elf on the Shelf if you want to check
those out and guess we'll see you guys
tomorrow no next log yeah yeah okay good
bye guys thanks so much for watching
guys
