you think it's a be home those are the
bees and they'll know this is a big guys
well do you know what I think I think
Cody don't stand up
he doesn't have pants on I think that
this that we need to open it to find out
what's in it okay
okay but first first I'm gonna make you
guys get ready because that will be your
incentive to let me get your hair wash
and your clothes on
oh heavens no Kate look we're gonna put
it right here and as soon as you guys
get dressed and ready and be happy then
we'll come out and see what's in there
no I need to take a bath and Enki yes
you are stinky so we're gonna go to the
back yeah me too um yes you're doing
we're gonna wash your hair yeah well
guess what there's another surprise for
today but I'm not going to tell you yet
until we're ready yep you need some
juice okay okay
well maybe wait maybe open it till you
find something and then give it to
someone else okay okay I think it out ha
ha what did you know now it's Cody's
turn you got - it's like a BEC again
okay that doesn't mean we're eating them
all right now
if you guys want to open in that sign
but we are denying any more treats
what no no no no look okay you can't
open it you have to get one you have to
grab the one that you finds well I want
it found then you gotta keep checking
crimson opening okay okay I know Boston
doesn't care he's okay my unit got one
yet no way should we let Boston return
figure it out
Oh keep asking you get a burger or
hamburger
yeah patty patty put your treats right
up in here I'll make it yeah we should
just Cheryl yeah and we can mix them up
and open a monk you have chaff in your
nose show me what country coming for him
and maybe one more for Lincoln
don't get it we got share yeah I am
there's only like four of them so you
get on the one you get a-movin I am huh
oh did you see that Cody Cody did you
see that he knows you like the blue and
any secure Cody
Thanks are you trying to get that krabby
patty paws day hailey Shawn are we gonna
bite anymore no no okay some help me
finish the question
Oh what honey hello telegram was 20 min
ago to grandpa's yeah I love you want to
see grandpa today yeah and thank you and
then we could have you gonna record I
don't know and record you remember how I
told you guys there was a surprise today
go look out the window grandma grandpa
are the surprise you big goof balls yeah
I'm Ty - you think they're gonna be
really excited they're just kind of
lumps on the lawn
she doesn't know yet you better come
home with me today time I couldn't tell
I was 10
let's try I was trying to look and see
what Pat she had on is that your little
workout honey if I ever gave it to I
want a can can we don't have us just go
to our first pop-up it did read bring
anymore hey who's crappy elf okay I like
you kids name we run along I love you
okay we're coming
refresh your socks off when you go in so
I really do want to know how hard did
you laugh when you watch the flashback
Friday video well I like then we have
those because that's how dad is in real
life he's funny but like okay it's hard
to capture on film uh and it's funny
when I watch this video that's in my
mind that's what you guys look like yeah
like I mean when I see you I see you but
like in my MA see you guys in my mind
that's what you look like is what you
look like in those videos well I guess
the same is true with me when I really
yes that's God told me look at this oh
oh that's cute my favorite lines when
you said what was it really word no is
that worth not in this tear the tree
over yeah well I I think about that and
wish oh my can I have in so that nice
went to bow when he not donkey over well
and I can't even remember
did you get mad at him oh yeah I said
something stupid like well you know I
hope your hope you're happy
oh oh that makes me sketch but Bono's
now you know it's just it's his wife yes
but yeah you raise kids and yeah sorry a
lot of good things you do a lot of goofy
things mostly goofy things with oh yeah
rock it be nice to Teach for America
anything
did you know are you surprised at
grandma's continued homework
can I bring two treats my baked red tree
I just want my dick just yes yeah again
yes Cody why do you like grandpa why you
just love him do you love grandma yeah I
did too yeah how come you smell like
Grandma
how can you smell like grandma's perfume
it is kind of fun Bolivia's fun just for
a minute for a day but it would be
really sad if I didn't have my Olivia it
seems more quiet and just different I
mean one out of the four vegan doesn't
seem like that much but it is it's
different huh gonna be sad to not have
Olivia here we'll see your tomorrow
though you know we're going to do we're
going to go to grandpa's and pick her up
which we will pick her up come on Alice
yeah Clarke's out
he really needs to have another play
date with Clark because he's missing
them we'll see him at church tomorrow
true see him at church tomorrow and I'll
give you a treat to give to him
yeah ate me okay and you I went to two
different stores one was closed even
though the online store said that they
were open and they were out of hinges so
just putting those on for now yeah I'm
sorry okay how's work today rather been
home
I missed you today I wanted you here my
parents likes the basement you think
you've done a good job
oh good Joel said what did your dad say
about the basement he's the only one I
want to impress I want to know cuz he
didn't he said I shouldn't do the deed
well we had a vote we were like would
you just redo the basement and leave the
wall where it is or would you move the
wall my vote was not to move the wall my
dad's vote was not to move the wall my
mom said like Joel do whatever he wants
because he's the one doing the work and
Joel wanted to move it so that's what we
did move oh yeah really cool Miller it
looks good so I'm almost done with this
door nice is this the second one or the
first one what what do you think is it
the first a second first oh crap that's
okay are we just going to do this
tonight I might just do one tonight okay
good I think I want you to sleep because
you work in the morning what's she doing
and it's comfy it's comfy if you just
slouch your shoulders a little bit to
get your belly in your groin oh okay
well stay for very long I got time to
close a lock I got to go okay goodnight
bye guys have a good night
