you're the only one oh wait the boys are
still asleep
I think yours fell on the floor okay
so when I first was downstairs it was
hard and wanted to make wake me myself
up
now let's get started on doing this okay
okay so first you're gonna take one of
these and you're gonna find a type of
color that you want and then you'll take
it together and look what it makes that
makes like these and so I was wanting to
do a silver and blue from my bedroom and
so I was gonna do a white and a blue
slam it could be perfect for my pantry
oh why didn't I sell for doubt but
pretty so anymore why is this over and
then you just stick it together again
and then these are gonna be moving what
mommy goes red
hello suburb is where his wears red and
the Lincoln says mom I told Watson to
look around and the house the barrel and
the balls
what does she said me think so is that
silly why a good skin up today no
stinking cheekbones don't stay anywhere
I think they keep falling down
everywhere and I think Olivia rearranged
them no my gosh ah I hear Moses go into
the door and just say come in Jonah go
say hi to Moses Rin say hola Moses
excuse me mister were you just talking
oh it's not funny
hey you were talking and I heard you
loud loud loud think you was saying hi
to you maybe when we're done eating
right or you can go to sacrifice and
play maybe maybe I don't that are you
helping me
not really sure what you're helping with
but someone but to my new chi-chi's oh
wow
fast and you look beautiful Gina how
many times he'll tell me something is
beautiful what kind of things you know
you told me that red was beautiful do
you think res beautiful hey can you say
beautiful well sure
okay now look at mommy say Reds
beautiful black pale asshole is mommy
beautiful okay mommy you're beautiful
never F oh oh look at me and convince me
say mommy you're beautiful the area
oh the bear stick what yeah bear stick
my lipstick do you think my lipstick is
beautiful oh do you know what I think
you're beautiful I saw what you were
doing he was tapping this on the back of
his hand
hey could you see me do that dunk Jeff
kocha what whoops I wanted to tell you
guys thank you so much for your let's
try that again I want to tell you guys
thank you for your amazing comments with
my bangs I I was really nervous to show
you and you made me feel really good
about it something else that I was
really nervous about that you made me
feel really really good about was my
sponsored video and it was a big deal
for me putting those videos up because I
know that youtubers get a little bit of
flack for doing sponsored videos and at
first I was really surprised I thought
why why on earth do viewers not like
seeing why does it bother him so much
when youtubers do sponsored videos and
as I thought as I thought about it
because I did I it kind of has weighed
on my mind and I thought do I talk about
it do I not talk about it do i do
sponsored videos
not do sponsored videos I kind of took a
step back and thought about myself as a
viewer um
I don't watch a whole lot of family
vloggers i watch a lot of Beauty
vloggers and before I even knew what a
sponsored video was I remember seeing a
bunch of the Beauty vloggers I'm kind of
nervous can you see my mouth like
stuttering and stuff it's okay I'm just
having a conversation let's just let's
just dialogue here except I'm dialoguing
with myself when I would watch the
beauty bloggers there was all of them
were talking about Bellomy hair
extensions and I thought oh man they're
all talking about it it must be really
good and then as I kinda and I never
bought them but I always wanted to I
just thought well go are they just
saying that they like them because
because they're being paid to or are
they um do they really like the hair and
and it kind of bothered me because I
thought call I don't know if I can trust
them or not and I remember thinking that
before I before I ever even thought of
putting videos out on YouTube that's
kind of stuck with me as I've been
introduced to you what you want to go to
n Ellie's house it's not even in town
but you know what we're gonna go and
we're gonna do some fun stuff today can
you come sit with me while I talk for
just a minute usually get there might be
toys at the store can you go get a piece
of gum out of dad's closet and give one
to Cody okay
so that's kind of stuck with me as
sponsors have come to me and asked me to
do some sponsored videos and I always
have told myself if I don't like a
product I will not sponsor it because in
my own personal life Trust has been I've
had experiences where I have lost
people's trust I've had experiences
where I have lost other people's trust
and so Trust has integrated its way into
my life and it has it's very very very
important don't ever feel pressured to
buy or do anything and I'll try and make
them as less cheesy as possible but
that's just kind of what comes with it I
hope this isn't weird to like talk about
I hope it's not taboo I don't even know
but I feel like I just wanted to kind of
put that out there my sister Ruby and
Beau are they do flashback Fridays and
they post home videos of us when we were
little that I've never even seen the two
that they posted today and they are cute
so a couple of videos back I posted a I
showed you my tape and book that I got
from Santa Claus and that I loved well
really just opened it up for Christmas
and apparently those are Ruby's thought
they were mine who knew yes you can hold
link in here welcome home from school
sissy rocking chair my mom is sitting in
but my mom raised all five of her babies
in that rocking chair I have that
rocking chair you guys have seen it this
is just so funny my dad he's the
funniest youtuber in the world and wait
you're gonna die when you see these
videos I'm gonna put the videos I'm
talking about down below there on Ruby's
Channel and bows
channel so stinkin cute
my dad is hilarious hey hey come on like
that still looks so good that looks weak
yes do you ever think I can do this ham
stuff no never I literally did you you
ever be I surprise myself to be honest
Oh looks good okay and then show where
the Granite's going
oh the granite slab on the floor open up
like right here
just sit on the floor and around the yep
and the edge
beautiful strength
Oh Oh and we didn't show them last night
Johan the doors which I'm pretty proud
of you I mean when when we started doing
this house that was one of the first
things we did was replace the doors
upstairs and we bought so I botched them
I bought all new doors to do it myself
and I botched one out there all day it
took it took him a full Saturday to hang
one door and then we had to hire someone
to fix it
but he didn't just hire someone to fix
it he hired someone to come in and he
was Anton he was amazing he helped Joel
he showed him what he did wrong and you
learned how you know how to do it
they're bare I think doors is your least
favorite thing to do anymore to do but
they are
don't want to know you're in trouble
so we got a door that door and the
bathroom door so now we can see to
replace these two there's me your
bathroom to the amazing
I am proud of you Joel I hope you guys
are having a really good holiday season
we are we're busy but I think we're
enjoying it it's why I every time I get
in the car
yes and Olivia I think you are not even
in our video last time what I don't
think she was really even in the video
foot box I'm so you can you say good bye
everybody today good bye
you let me hear a babe I lied I have to
show you guys this little elf Olivia
made I made this at school and this is
my picture that I did it had like a
little square and there was like this it
looks gray he's okay for one second this
makes me so happy this is a little
Olivia she made an elf Olivia that is
the sweetest you're the sweetest you are
weird up close
oh I'll take him I just I had to show
these guys the sweetest Elle
