bread got stuck in exactly what what's
read doing playing in the vacuum all
right buddy
how did he get in there Boston did you
suck him up in there
did you guys well somebody was cleaning
last night you did okay you must have
been playing he must been playing with
the vacuum baby maybe he was trying to
help us clean up the remodel well maybe
we'll have to help them out a little bit
later how well we I don't know
we'll think about it wait sure
oh hey hey but I've watched some
cartoons huh oh hey hey hi yeah you're
happy boy yeah yeah hi hi oh where you
off to
hi I'm gonna do with my hair fixed
corrected corrected yep I think that we
use the wrong developer last time I've
had a bunch of questions if I have
naturally brown hair and the answer is
yes and the reason I have my roots
touched up though what's the answer yes
for the question
what he he said I have a question no
people ask me oh okay people ask me a
question
and know then I have naturally brown
hair when I was young it was blonde it
turned brown so how have you ever known
new blonde hair Bonnie's always been a
brunette brown eyed brunette sucker for
me and my hair I have a few Grey's in
there and like I'm talking like five
have five like none just gray like
stinkin white all right and I don't like
when they pump through so I color it and
like when your hair is brown and it's
damaged on the ends they it can get like
faded Wow
so I like to just put like a fresh brown
but I match it as close to my natural
color as I can anyway
least you have hair to fix mine's just
slowly fading see me getting thinner oh
no no sure thing like a nation you can
edit it out it's out there for the whole
world to see I'm balding I'm losing my
hair
hopefully not for long I don't know I
see oh my gosh you were not doing hair
plugs I think it'd be a good idea I
don't want he legitimately is looking
into hair boy yeah I'm short I'm gonna
be overweight eventually and I'm going
bald I can't have all three overweight
well that what I'm working really hard
at but where you want to go we want an
airplane where do you want to go on the
airplane
what toys come here I'm gonna ask you a
few questions
Bulger's Hey hey butters well good okay
nothing like talking about boogers to
make a boy happy I want to know where
you wanted to go this morning where did
you want to go
Shaylee well true
treating yes but where did you want to
go try it did you say you wanted to go
to a hotel I say I want to go to a hotel
no you got a top so I can hear you say
you want to ha ha why do you like the
hotel hola
you just think it's kind of fun hey what
do we do when we go to a hotel that's
change and go swimming go show their
place go to a swimming place a bathtub
um yeah okay
they're big back half table is aids show
me how big the best of this Wow like
that age oh wow
I don't get you didn't get it man
so we need to talk about your haircut I
keep smelling Boston every time I do his
hair I say we need to cut your hair son
we need to cut your hair and he took it
upon himself to cut all that little hair
right there I did I gotta go bye gage
goodbye I don't want to show you my
haircut I'm feeling nervous to show you
guys actually and anytime I talk to
anyone I'm like they're staring at my
hair they're staring at my hair I cut my
hair and I totally regret it I wish I
would not have cut bangs I've had bangs
just like this and I have loved them and
maybe it's just because my face isn't
quite back to its self since having the
baby I don't really know I don't want to
say that I hate it because the lady that
cuts my hair does amazing she's
wonderful I love her as a human I love
her as a hair cutter and hair cutter
that was really rounded me to say but I
just don't love it and I'm scared that
I'm gonna get some mean comments about
it but it
okay I'm gonna look past them it doesn't
matter I know it's fine and bangs grow
out so fast my favorite is when the
bangs grow up just so you can kind of
push them off to the side because it
like give something to your hair oh I'm
so embarrassed I feel so embarrassed
showing you right now but I'm just gonna
pretend that I don't anyway he probably
heard me talking about getting my hair
cut I've been talking about getting his
hair cut so that's why he you probably
cut your hair and you got in trouble
didn't you yeah who cuts hair
can I eat no look at me who's allowed to
cut hair only mommy only mommy get your
book okay are you looking at your buck
I'm just hurrying and finishing my
dishes so that I can take the kids into
town with me and this is what I've
picked out for let me show you let me
ring it up in the light cuz I want you
to be able to see the colors oh I hope
you can see the colors it's so light and
that's what I'm going for I want the
whole this is for the bathroom I want it
no you can't go outside you can go watch
Moses if you want you can watch him but
don't get in the way
my poor doors been scratched ahead
bringing in and out sheet rock anyway so
this is the tile that I want to go on
the wall it's just the super light blue
green color
these are little they look like the
marble that I'm going to be putting in
the shower this is the marble that I've
picked out for the shower it's just
white with a little bit of grey through
it and then the coloring on the wall is
gonna be this color that kind of matches
the tile it's really light light light
and that's what I want I just want it
light airy I don't know that's just what
I feel good in my bathroom you see my
bathroom it's so dark
I love it but that's not what I want for
the downstairs
you guys just looking at magazines what
were you looking at show me your movies
that you're looking at does grandpa have
that much much much older version of
that yes that's a game is that a game
why do I think you guys are so cute
looking at the magazines that came in
the mail they're not turning on the heat
trip a breaker the tape and Muhtar guys
were here today and the sheet rockers
were here yesterday and look at how
different this already looks look at
this it looks like a room now like it's
looking more like a room they show this
they're like it all the mass TV goes
here yeah it seemed so short I mean it
is short but that's what we have to do
it yes pretty sure I mean put your hand
up there and show like how high it like
it's a short ceiling there but all of
our the the trunk line for all of our
HVAC and everything goes right
underneath here so it's gotta be short
but at least we get the square footage
out of it rather than just all that
ginormous laundry
yeah that'll be fun this week the
laundry room is so tiny
oh that light is none of the lights are
hooked up right now the laundry room
well the laundry room looks like a
normal sized laundry room now like it's
really me at all and you can see we kind
of have been having to grind down this
concrete there's like a little concrete
lip that I've had to grind down with a
hand grinder that's no fun but it wasn't
too bad actually went really fast and
the bathroom yep let that be like so the
bathroom looks a little funny but all
that's gonna get covered and what do you
think okay so I was thinking of the
wainscoting maybe coming up to here that
way the kids can reach up to hang their
towels about here okay and then we'll
have that tile here so I mean there's
really not gonna be a whole other room
I'll show you you that's okay yeah it's
plenty high no I don't want me to though
because the kids are gonna grow up in
his bathroom yeah and then this wall
though the mirror and the vanity and all
that will go I can't believe we're just
sitting at the end of this oh look
that's where my ring sits and I took it
off and it's like disgust clammy hand
Joe that's really disgusting you it like
hurts it's like tender he has a couple
of times
desi yes he's gone pee in the potty a
couple of times huh busting people in a
big body yeah
thank you it yes one time he has plenty
time he has he's only two but still I
honestly don't care people have asked me
when I'm gonna potty train Boston and
I'm in no rush
I think after Christmas maybe in January
we'll start thinking about it but I'm
not into big of a hurry we talked about
it though Thank You tea boy I know
Olivia came home with this poster and
she was so excited about the Jazz bear
and she told me Joel she said you cannot
throw this away
she's on to me you're so stinky so bad
bye guys
Reagan's bye guys my age bye guys bye
guys bye
Wow thank you guys so much for watching
tape we'll see you in our next video
right tomorrow bye guys
