hey guys I get so many questions about
Olivia's hair that I thought I would do
a video all about Olivia's hair so we
put the boys all to bed the baby's
asleep and we are gonna focus on
Olivia's hair for two reasons I really
want to show you guys what I do with her
hair and two because it has been very
neglected it needs trend it needs washed
and it is so tingly so i'ma show you
just exactly what I do have heard it's
really bad
but it's like tingly cuz today when
today wet when I was like combing hair
the guy was like so hard to like good
Joel did Olivia's hair today for me
while I was with the baby and Olivia
does have a very very sensitive head so
the first thing that I do with Olivia's
hair before I wash it is comb it I
always start at the bottom of Olivia's
hair and I work my way up and this is
not the brush that I like to use I
usually have um it's called a wet brush
it's like a tangle teezer but that's the
brush I want to get next is a tangle
teezer
I just this is all I have for now so
that's what I'm working with because I
lost my blue yeah weight brush like that
thing that you just said yeah you lost
it so you can see underneath that she
has it's like a rat's nest under there
so I just try to hold on up here so that
it doesn't hurt her head and I work my
way up her hair now that I have most of
her hair combed out and we're gonna wash
it and I never wash her hair without
making sure that it's all the way combed
out okay when I wash Olivia's hair I
like to only put the shampoo right at
the base of her head like I don't
necessarily need to run the shampoo all
the way to the ends of her hair and the
reason is because depending on how
strong your shampoo is it basically is
just stripping the dirt well if her ends
really needed it then I
would but I like to just stay right up
here in the face that way it doesn't dry
the ends of her hair out and that's not
a big concern if you have short hair but
it is a concern hold your head really
tight but it is a concern if you have
long hair if you're trying to grow your
hair you don't want to put the shampoo
at the ends of your hair at least that's
what I do
I've watched some people wash their kids
hair and they just kind of do this and I
definitely don't do that I use my
fingers and I scrub her hair I've seen
when people and wash their kids hair
they'll just bring all the hair up top
and kind of do this type of a thing I
never do that because kids hair gets
super tingly and it's really hard to UM
keep tangle free I'm trying to be really
careful and I'm trying not to get too
many tangles in it so I just work my
fingers this way so that it doesn't get
too many tangles I make her face me keep
her head tight while I wash it and once
I am done you can drag those suds down
to the ends of her hair and that's not I
mean you just don't need to go crazy as
what I'm saying on the ends
okay now conditioner is the complete
opposite I focus all my conditioner on
the ends of Olivia's hair and then
whatever is left over I run through the
top because you don't want the roots to
be greasy you can go more days in
between washing and just because it
doesn't necessarily need it as much so I
do put it up here just whatever's
leftover in my hands but I focus the
most of it the majority of it here at
the ends of her hair because that's
where her hair gets dry when I rinse
Olivia's hair because it is so long I
come out with my fingers and I don't
know if everybody does that maybe this
is common knowledge but just in case
it's not this is how I rinse her hair
and it just helps with all of the tank
I'll rinse up really good up at the
scalp just to make sure that it's nice
and clean but I always run my fingers
through her hair like a column and if
the hair is too tangly then I will
definitely use a comb while the
conditioner is sitting in her hair okay
when we were done washing Olivia's hair
we gave her a very quick trim now I was
going to show you but I have a video
already just on trimming her hair so I
will put that link down below if you
need tips on how to trim girls hair
after we trimmed it I blew her hair dry
and I made sure to put a heat protector
in it now when it doesn't matter what
kind of heat protectant you use as I
like to do it before I blow-dry it that
way her hair is protected from the blow
dry the flat iron the curling iron
whatever your going to be doing and
basically any any kind of product will
work as long as it does not have alcohol
in it I don't use anything with alcohol
in it couple of my favorites are the
Paul Mitchell skinny serum the redkin
frizz dismiss and any type of argan oil
and you just put that in I work it
through the ends and then put it through
the top of her hair most of the time I
will curl her hair but I am just going
to straighten a few pieces of her hair
and I just start at the top and I
quickly go down to the bottom because
her hair doesn't need a whole buncha
heat was that pretty warm I don't
straighten all of her hair because it's
not that thick basically just that front
piece and then can you turn on for me
turn around
and I'll quickly run it through the ends
of her hair if you guys want to see any
other hairstyles that I've done with
Olivia make sure to leave a comment or
give the video a thumbs up so I know
that you want to see more videos like
this and we'll see you guys in my next
video bye
so straight it's a very fun there will
see being the camera make sure you're in
the camera
Etienne mm-hmm it's like that
see okay
no crazy faces okay I'm gonna start over
okay don't spill
Oh try not to spill them okay so
