every single year when it turns winter I
tell Joel I want to go on Main Street
and I want to go on a date because there
are a few reasons that I think that Main
Street is just so nostalgic to us it's
old its original Logan City so it's kind
of fun yeah it is really fun growing up
my mom always told me she said when I
got married it was the fall and my mom
her so her parents and her
they came walking down Main Street and I
should turn the corner she saw her aunts
and her uncle's her grandparents they
were all standing in front of the Blue
Bird restaurant and they were all in
there getting a piece of chocolate
talking they were happy and so to her
that's just a fun memory that she has
had here in Logan and for us we love
right next door to the Bluebird is
hallmark and we passed that Hallmark
store so many times through the year
well in every at least almost once a day
or
at least three or four times a week will
you try fast and it's one of the only
like window shops that's still window
shops like it's just beautiful we'll
walk over there show you yeah in the
summertime they've got their Easter
stuff in the fall they have their fall
and Halloween stuff and right now they
have their Christmas stuff and so we
want to go in it and we just want to
look around Hallmark and I'm gonna show
you friends yes this is just our city
street so right here is the restaurant I
was talking about and then right next to
it is our foot mark it's a little cold I
don't know the reason I'm not exactly
sure why I wanted to why I always want
to come out most of the time we don't
make it out but this year I really did
want to make an effort to come out and
my mom even told me she said I always
wanted Chad my dad I always wanted him
to take me on a date to the Bluebird and
she said that growing up or when she was
here they didn't have enough money to do
that they weren't able to do that and so
I'm gonna come for you mom and I'll
bring mom mom mom I'll take
Capernaum
seriously I hope this light turns green
fast because I am good timing
good luck super I know and I always want
to bring the kids in here because they
see that it's so cute and I'm glad that
we're coming because honestly coming
into the Hallmark store it always gets
me
it gives me an acoustic mood got
anything I guess a good cookie with that
this is what I always think
for the homework I spent my lifetime in
these hallmark stores my parents started
a tradition but the first year they were
married that they bought a single bulb
and it had the year they were married on
which I don't know but 40 years later
they've bought a bulb every single year
or ornament for that year and so every
year my parents let us come and help
pick it whichever one I thought was cool
they'd be like no that's not good on my
tree but no there are some big fun ones
they like the ones that make noise like
find a cute one what's one that like
push the button on this guy oh this one
their ornaments are flat like the kids
our kids love our kids love looking at
Grandma and Grandpa's Christmas tree my
mom'll tight it's the noise history like
you go to take a nap in front of it cuz
it's like well it's pretty it's nice
then all sudden all the noise stars just
like see like this one I think that one
is so cute and our kids love Winnie the
Pooh smoke show that's awesome it's a
smoker you love that the thing I like
about them is that you can there is
something for everybody I want to find I
want to find something in the store
today that the kids can do do you know
what I mean like I want to find
something that's gonna help us get the
kids like in the mood to bug you put it
underneath hello how cute is that this
is so cool
I love this store seriously I know I
don't really do this but hashtag
hallmark cute jewels fun because he
likes this kind of stuff oh yeah my mom
that way yes your mom loves this kind of
stuff are you shopping with mom and dad
he's so happy are you the lucky one that
gets to come on date night with mom and
dad
you suck those fingers get them you turn
it on look it's it's a like a little
miniature TV my parents have a bulb
that's got like this exact same scene in
it I'm not really yep
yeah exact same scene oh here comes the
train Cody loves this one why isn't I
dear someone to come to Hallmark and not
say how cute is that I think I said that
like five times since we've been here
it's just fun holiday like this is
Christmas Joe and I had an awesome
dinner and we wanted to show you exactly
what we got from our little haul from
Homer we got this little nativity set
and the reason I wanted to get this is
because the kids have this negativity
set that they love but they're always
fighting over it and I thought this
would be so perfect for Boston Olivia or
even Cody for that matter but I bet all
of you is gonna love it she loves her we
did end up getting a little mini plush
stuffed animal and of course I love tins
I couldn't leave this out so we got the
mini baking kit and I
it's going to be a lot of fun to make
cookies with the kids and put them in
our cookie jar we are lucky enough to
have a hallmark gold crown right next to
us so that we can actually go in the
store and look at all their fun things
but if you don't have one right next to
you then you can shop at Hallmark calm
and look at all the fun things that they
have on their website we want to thank
Hallmark for sponsoring this video and
we'll see you guys in our next video bye
