hi buddy when we open the door
there's your guys's beds made teeth
brushed we'll make you better
Boston woke up last night and he just
don't even breathe he just sounded so
little congested and rough in his throat
he still sounds a little bit rough today
okay yeah okay so I just like when I
when he opened the door I came in and I
looked at this please focus
and I asked Lincoln did you make your
bed he's like growing up so fast
no he made his bed I'm ready
what are you doing what you're putting
Boston shoes on oh it was broken and now
you fixed it good morning cute boy is
that my floss I'm sitting you're
flossing my teeth and I thought oh my
god she's so cute
I know did dad tell everyone that you
came and slept on my floor last night
and he said I'm not sure if this is why
I be fussing your teeth if my dental
floss
I told Boston I said if you need to wake
me up in the night I said you just get
me he woke me up really softly he was
like scratching my back
the baby shark shark dude dude
but you guys recognize the store of
course you do I'm at Lowe's and I have
no business coming down this aisle at
all but I don't care I'm gonna I'm gonna
do and I know everybody does that I know
guys have no business sometimes going on
car Lots because they're not buying a
truck but they want to look anyway girls
have no business sometimes go into the
cosmetic store makeup aisle because
they're probably I gonna buy anyway but
you just want to look you just want to
browse give the eyes a little tease my
eyes are being very teased Daniella
right now I do have a specific project
today the back of my house faces north
and if anybody knows in Utah if you have
a ring go to the faces North it will
always stay full of ice and water and
when we redid the gutters and everything
I pulled all of the heat tape out this
is old do they not know I'm vlogging
tell me where like tape is for rain
gutters aisle 12
I've enlisted Cody car V Cody Clark
Colleen to help me put my rain gutter
stuff in and I don't know that I would
have gotten much of a good reaction out
of him but I was like you wanna get on
the roof of the house he was like yes my
get on the roof
up on the roof baby oh so we played
Tetris every time anything comes in and
out of this
funnest game in the world make surprise
it's not on Tendo code we have to be
really careful set in the ladder because
normally people will set the ladders
against the rain gutters and that's what
scratches them dead some warp some
messes them up so they don't function
right I don't want to do that so we'll
figure this out me and you buddy mean
you will you start by picking up all the
little shovels in the yard and all the
little things and just bring him up by
my shed and put him right here it was
just like the light in yourself and I'm
crop it just like that no that had to
don't have to go to Grandma's Instagram
like that we take turns doing mom's hair
and I like that it's your turn right now
in like the best way possible I'm saying
that in the best way possible
I told mom I said it's always nice to
just do fine-tuning instead of like
getting this long hair that just needs a
bunch of like hair overhaul haircut yeah
fine-tuning it is the easy part
so yeah it is like a favorite I've never
seen a picture on the Internet of
anybody falling off of a ladder it's
never happened
yeah we can't go out on the pergola that
pergola for walking on these are vents
from the house but all of these little
things you see event this was not those
two will be those are the fireplaces and
that one will be all the ones that are
metal will be hot
I wouldn't smell that it's not gonna
smell good these are bands for the Attic
so the attic doesn't get too hot in the
summertime
they're called turtle vans yeah because
there's turtles that live underneath
Cody got a little cold a little bit
quick so I brought him down
oh no I was being chaos like I wonder
where everyone's gonna be when I go in
the house what are you doing there's
still a pretty good chunk of ice in the
gutter so it's all melting right now oh
I can't speak videos well I say that's
so jokingly funny well what's funny job
is what I've been doing this whole
afternoon and I need afternoons like
this I'm not usually a stay busy all the
time type of person and I have been
really busy lately and I just know
myself and I just know that I have to
have down days in order to be happy some
people thrive on like being busy and
things like Joel Joel is not happy when
he has nothing to do like that's just
not you that's not your personality you
derive you thrive when you're busy if I
have a good laid out plan yeah yeah yeah
yeah I thrive when I have an empty
calendar and when things are calm I'm
learning to be busy and to keep it
organized and and I think that we do a
really good job of that but I just think
it's kind of I don't know hey you guys
you just hang you know what are you
watching the three ninjas is that one of
your downloads did you go help daddy I
think and I like your boots
yeah
grandma gave him the dollar on our way
out thought that was kind of fun these
are Cody's Legos and he took all the
time to build them so you are not
allowed to touch his Legos okay well and
you kids share your toys but there's
certain toys that you don't have to
share with each other and Cody's Legos
is one of them okay you can play with
your Lego you can play with your
helicopter but I don't want you touching
Cody's Legos okay I don't think that's
gonna make you warm what's up he well
see and that's one thing you are gonna
share you're gonna share your table with
him he has a cubby that he can put his
things in and he can keep his airplane
Lego buy your airplane Lego that's fine
because that's just part of sharing I
don't know you're gonna have to ask dad
because dad isn't letting the kids play
because he doesn't want to lose his spot
he already wants read it yeah you'll
have to talk to dad bring it up with the
boss I really love Lincoln what is your
favorite thing about Olivia what do you
like about Olivia and she's so cute
Oh Lincoln what do you like about Cody
Cody you're pretty oh that's so funny
that literally it was my most favorite
thing ever is that a baby being inside
your being
this is not dinner etiquette attire I
don't know what I'm saying
Lincoln you're making me and he is such
a little pun is it time to clean up or
did you bother him no he's filthy we
gotta wipe his hands oh I thought he
wanted him to come in the family Marius
Lincoln where's daddy
thank you guys for watching and
supporting us it's kind of amazing we
love you guys from our hearts see you
smile bye
