are you guys finally ready for me to
come see red guys right over here you
guys having a little chocolate poop
you know chocolates he probably had an
upset tummy like everybody else do you
think but those are really work do you
need dad got him sick no t23 honey made
so he got in it
harness area that's what it is hahahaha
lose your chocolate you walk there
chocolate get the big one no I believe
them but I don't think you can touch
people thought you touched red yesterday
did you actually touch him no how did
you move him
let's get guy skiers I had skin sticky
part on my hand
lying there man when I accidentally
touched him crazy yeah you guys didn't
quite see red I I watched that footage
of like oh they really didn't see him
red was covered in stickers and so are
the kids faces anyways okay I am so
hungry
do you guys want to make breakfast this
morning yeah Boston should go make
breakfast
Hey look I don't want your prawn on the
counter
look I got grass yes okay let's go make
some breakfast okay there's gonna be
happy yes we can do pancakes
Joe Howard we both slept super good last
night well I just live it totally just
lied I didn't sleep good I was up at
3:00 with Lincoln and then I couldn't go
back to sleep because I was thinking
about foster good miles in the bathroom
want to know it seems safe tiles like
the flooring time yeah there's a couple
of good with Otto
I know I shouldn't laugh and I know I
should go get in and I know that's just
gonna make everyone sick everybody
already yeah everybody already is know
me probably heard Hey go up go up
hey so I can blow bubbles and you guys
are gonna change I can give the bubbles
and the bubbles I'm getting like here
and pop any okay okay do some just for
code and some just for Boston Hey aw
okay
okay boss me ready you ready hey hey get
ready go hey Cody
Hey again my dude yeah I'll get into it
so I got my other balloons at one of the
video and one of our viewers sent to you
yeah and I was like
I tried housing yeah oh the scene before
you looks pretty magical
um homemade cookies a happy baby in the
swing all the kids being just sitting
here playing yes you did you scooted him
all the way from the hall over here
because he needed some company didn't he
hey don't let the students just know
just a minute got away um don't let that
scene fool you because today has been
anything but magical I took those
cookies out of the freezer because I
didn't have time to make any and we were
supposed to go meet Joel's brother um
for the it's a church Christmas
devotional thing that was on TV and I
just didn't want to get them sick
Lincoln has not been feeling well today
all day this baby has been hanging he's
been screaming all day um I thought he
said no he hasn't
um yes he has you've been watching too
much TV to even realize what you've
heard
no he hasn't every time like going to
feed him he's arched his back and he
spit up all of his milk that he's gotten
so it's amazing to me that he's even
happy I did give him a bath and so I
think that made him feel a little bit
better and Olivia has been my number one
helper oh that is not the baby that's
been today you look so happy
yep I gave him a bath and Olivia has
been helping him in the swing house hell
haven't you know yeah okay Boston can we
let Cody have the scissors now can I
make sure that I made Bobby let me see
he better head back oh I didn't realize
you may go down come on I want to show
you okay code um I want to show you the
one that she made for Lincoln
it has a little glow-in-the-dark things
on top that's what she made and taped to
his crib so that he would have a
nightlight tonight she didn't want to
make him feel sad in the dark joel is
actually over at the church right now we
didn't go to church we stayed home and
did laundry um just because they've been
sick in the sheets and I just don't want
to be sleeping in all those germs and so
we did the kids bedding my bedding and
just kind of took it easy today I don't
I mean I don't think that they would get
everyone sick if we went to church but I
would rather not risk it because it's
been a little bit miserable so I just
thought we would rest and stay home
today and that's what we've done
we had busted busted busted no no no who
cuts hair who's allowed to cut hair me a
claw piqu√© only mommy cuts hair can I
can't make out there if mommy's watching
the kids and I were watching Ellie and
Jared's video this morning and they were
getting on an airplane and all the kids
said an airplane and I said do you know
that Boston has been on his airplane
Boston did you know that you have driven
in airplane ridden in an airplane when
Boston was one years old we went and
visited Julie and Landon in Missouri and
we took Boston with us that was actually
our very first video that we ever posted
which was he is called Kansas City so I
told the kids I said let's watch Kansas
City vlog and so we watched that blog
and they thought it was so funny seeing
Boston so little and writing on the
Union and he was Nick he he his head was
bald all three of you were bald until
you were two or three years old
especially you will look at your hair
really didn't come in my hair my head
was bald till I was three true stories
that's why all my babies are so bald
he had like yeah like this much
deels hair you can't see it yes yet but
you can feel it thank you oh you guys
like so cozy look at this little guy he
looks so cozy huh
alright Incan Roy hey hi we're watching
the Snowman it's on Hulu the Snowman
there's also us the snowman and his dog
or soon oh yeah
Joel you I had never seen it to like
last year i watch this as a kid in
elementary school decades ago every year
my mascara stop at the first person to
show it to me really again there's no
word sweat but it is so sweet it's the
cutest little movie so we're sitting
here I just keep looking at the back of
Olivia's hair just look so pretty
um bored just watching a little movie
the kids had a cookie before we go to
bed and it's just staying near bedtime
it's like happy for a second yeah I know
fussy today cuz you don't feel mmm-hmm
everybody's sick I think we're at the
tail end of it all I got all the sheets
washed today so like smells nice in here
you smell nice and I baked him hey
looking I know so we can see huh
I love his little body like I'm gonna be
sad when we don't have a tiny baby like
that anymore
yeah hopefully your guys's Sunday was as
relaxing as ours
another check mark on the board for
vlogmas
and we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
everybody
wait button next money each family get
back in the bed
seemed like his lips right I could eat
him
do you like the shepherd yes why I'm
doing em away boys
yes you are a silly boy
look at him look at you see look back at
the back he took down his fan she look
at him look at you he sneaked it all in
there in a bad time mom we were the he's
sneaking mom oh my goodness is he a
naughty boy
just sneak outside okay now goodbye
