it is 7:40 in the morning and we have
somebody who is in our room so we are
very shiny and so let's get started on
watching my best friend red he's in our
bedroom and he's an elf and he's in our
bedroom likes one second but he's right
there see you can see him right there
I'll feel oh I moved in over there
because I don't want not Connie who's
right in the corner I didn't want Boston
to get him these upstairs watching cat
you know right here see don't care he's
yeah tiny well made so he was gonna be
too tiny right there and so I was gonna
pray there I've seen right bite no I
know how he'll yo reaches I took it on
their own reach it's all right and it's
just touch him
so that you get help
I wonder how he got the stickers I don't
know he is sneaky
I don't worry guys let's go back
upstairs super fun and so this is the
final idea I didn't know I didn't even
know she was gonna be in her bedroom
with Max - this drink Fanta tastes
thanks good Bastian
how was your morning okay good morning
you guys so joel is still in bed from
yesterday he I was worried that he
wasn't going to sleep last night because
he slept all day yesterday
and he hasn't moved I'm worried about
his bladder last night this little guy
slept right there on my floor and he
threw up a couple of times um but I
think I hope the throw-up spells are
gone but he just slept right there on
her floor he wanted to sleep in his own
bunk bed nice that I think I want you
right by me just in case you keep
feeling sick I hope me and you don't get
sick I would much rather take care of
someone sick than be the one sick for
sure my leg oh god someone drink your
milk Oh God which I was just like crap
Simon grab his drink and so I guarantee
it's only a matter of time before Olivia
and Cody get sick but one more reason
that you should always have your dishes
done before you go to bed at night I
have the plumber coming he's shutting
off the water and he's like whatever you
need done hurry and do with the water it
is like I would much rather have clean
dishes on a clean heinie so I'm gonna
hang up my dishes
thank you so much for holding and while
I do this Olivia thank you I just missed
it olivia has these toys over by man he
had one in his hand and he was eating
Olivia oh he was actually like playing
with it for the first time your baby's
bib bib baby or do I play
Boston's one request well he has a few
and he wants either me or dad holding
him and when Joel doesn't feel well
that's my job but he wants a drink in my
room because he knows he's not allowed
to and I think he's kind of catching on
that when that he can have what he can't
usually have when he's sick
these Pedialyte things are the best
because they just they taste like juice
to the kids but they're just good for
them too yeah he thinks he's getting one
so that is is that's Boston's request he
wants a sippy cup of juice in my room
that tastes good to you oh did you tell
daddy we saw Santa Claus last night yes
did you tell daddy what Santa Claus gave
you where did you get it here the candy
can the candy can awesome
you lay in bed all day again today you
don't like when you're sick I don't like
when you sick I've been telling the kids
that we'd get a Jamba Juice for the last
two days so we are coming in and I
wasn't too excited about bringing Boston
but he threw a huge fit and so I brought
him and I get the yellow kite and I
didn't get it ready to stop red wine I
guess
I knew I was a white one Hey okay sissy
thank you
and apparently we are getting potato
chips because the hostin opened them I
feel bad because I think his tummy is
bothering him and he had this saddest
little whimper yes little whines just a
second ago but I think he's well he
finally likes spit up all over me and I
think he feels better now but I am mad
at you me yes I am mad at you yeah he
finally is feeling a little like he's
not nauseous anymore and that ache is
gone in your chest oh you're not so he's
gonna go run errands so we can finish
the plumbing yeah work to do but we'll
think it easy we'll take it easy I'm mad
I don't even want him going out doing
anything and he's doing it anyway we got
we're doing a lot better better after
you don't look better I don't know no
yes you still look sick why do you think
I'm mad because you're not gonna get
better my sick little bully with me -
that's because he insists on it he's
like hold me hold me when she throw up
in my car though take my car want a
suburban you want to take the car okay
can't throw up in the suburban odd I
just barely got started on hiding the
words I just got done and issued this
the same looks I was trying to make it
for the Elf on a shelf
oh it looks so good
are you sick or just cold cold cold
and I ain't cold mmm-hmm me too the kids
want me to Olivia is dying for me to
tell her a story when she was little now
Olivia was a terrible Napper oh you were
so good
Boston was the best then you were the
next best and you were horrible you were
horrible
I'm Orville still to put a bit
I'm hole right taking a nap still
horrible taking big time you would take
your pajamas off every single time you
went to bed every morning you would wake
up and you were naked and your diaper
was sitting on the floor and that just
means sometimes should I you know a
winner all over her crib no no out you'd
say that you would white poop all over
your crib and I there was nothing I
could do
so you know what I started doing I would
safety pin your jammies on I would do a
safety pin you're the only one that did
it even when you were in a little
toddler bed you would take all your
clothes off
you'd go lay on the heater vent with a
blanket over poop on the floor well you
did that too sometimes and you you just
kick your little jammies on all the time
yeah now I keep my pajamas on now um
Yeah right you still take your jammies
on is hot yeah don't times nah always
like this is goofy we got talking about
this because I was telling Cody
he is whining and pouting so so so much
it no
you know I know and when Olivia was your
age she did the same thing she whined
and powdered and I thought oh my gosh
how is she ever gonna learn to stop
whining and pouting and she's gotten so
so much better but you're kind of at
that stage that's all you do is whine
and pal and call a I just got he never
dealt with me
he never what pouts yeah crisis Olivia
sometimes he's a sweetie
someone said yesterday everyone is so
much smaller than they look on camera
they're like he looks so small and Cody
and lost and they're so much smaller
than they look on camera I just pulled
the camera out tickle azar vlog and Joe
goes oh joy me drink on my job join for
my - ha ha ha ha ha I've had it on for a
little bit hey we have a bathtub it said
we love Joe
yeah enormous when we redid our bathroom
upstairs we did not know that tubs came
in different sizes so we got like this
little teeny tiny tub upstairs dumps a
tub actually I think I go what's your
cheapest tub you've got he was like this
little guy
I wish so bad we would have put a deeper
one upstairs my only half my body gets
covered the upstairs wouldn't held the
weight I don't know there's a lot of
water house true
ok you guys what is today like day five
or something for vlogmas a new boot
heavy vlogmas don't forget to check out
last year's up on the Shelf day 5 I'll
have the link below see you later guys
telling you how to good time are you
feeling better today this I'm still
pretty sour a little bit but ok don't
tell me how to good time can you just
play him a little wink yeah I again
absolutely okay running on low steam
I'll take it
sickly
