see that Willie's done by his bed but
for taking a bad guy you surely you're
too cute do you see right up there I
thought when I first came down here mom
I'm so glad you found him you guys get
so worried in the mornings when you
can't find him huh
you think he was down here well that's a
little boy mind for you Oh okay let's
get that diaper from Boston so we can
change his stinky bum bum so this is my
number one concern with daily vlogs is
because I didn't want you staring at
this mug every single day for the month
of December I'm not sure you guys are
still gonna want to be my friends when
we're done with this whole vlogmas if I
choose to continue with it last night
Joel was up all night throwing up he's
downstairs in the boys's bed and I feel
so bad for him because the insult the
guys that are insulating her here and
anyway they are going to be making lots
and lots of noise for the next three
hours and he's just down there sick as a
stinking dog he it was it was not very
often do I hear Jill throw up and he was
throwing up it was so sad so I've got
the kids quarantined up here I cleaned
the bathroom really well um I pray that
it doesn't go through our whole family
that's really gonna stink but hmm hope
you next time you see me I won't have
three-day-old mascara on my eyes I did
however brush my teeth and i flossed so
I'm trying I'm trying not that I don't
trust you boys but I kinda don't trust
you boys to not go downstairs and get in
their way and it's a little dangerous so
you kids are gonna have your little
snack watch a little movie
yes and I'm going to take a much much
much much much needed shower can you do
that oh look it's a lie I don't think
they're gonna touch red I hope they
don't well little man we are about
halfway done getting ready I've got the
kids man you're such a dork
I've got the kids bathed and dressed
we're actually scheduled to go to the
wiggle worm tonight go to the worm crap
I don't ever tell the kids where we're
going until we're like in the car ready
to go because plans change all the time
and my whole point just saying this was
Joel is so sick well he's so sick like I
very rarely see him like this
and right now he's in our room sleeping
watching TV taking it easy
um this is such a sad little story and
not sad story but oh you look in this
crib go grab his binky it's underneath
the orange blanket okay Joel came in the
bathroom when I wasn't giving him very
much attention and he you know threw up
and whatever and I just had oh honey
wash your hands before you go get back
in bed and he's kind of held his
composure for you know this whole time
that he's been sick
thank you put it inside and when I told
him to wash his hands he stood at the
sink and he was washing his hands we
kind of started there for a little bit
and I said oh honey are you okay and he
like just really quivering lips were
quivering a lot when he said and he just
said well my hands just really hurt and
oh that just really pulled on my
heartstrings because he acts so strong
and I I was teasing with him later I
said well if you wouldn't act so strong
I wouldn't think that your eyes
and he just said well you know doing all
the electrical after doing all the
electrical work
he's like my hands are just really cut
up and I got emotional because I felt
bad for him and I also got emotional
because I it made me think about my
grandpa working on the farm he just
worked so long and so hard and my dad I
have also seen my dad work long and hard
my uncles my brother-in-law's like just
everybody these men just worked so
stinkin hard and I really do just
appreciate them and they do it
Jill worked hard because he wants to he
works hard because he wants to take care
of his family and I don't know he all
just kind of do our own part I guess but
I'm just grateful for him I don't know
if it gets feeling better okay we are
living in chaos right now Jill stayed up
till 1:00 and worked got the rest
tonight yeah and then sit the rest the
night was just sick E and neither of us
really slipped on my story huh mom what
I know why it was crying because I
scared him and that she slept and then
he's then he found and you cried mommy I
don't have anything to say I just wanted
to yeah okay I feel back so I can't be
in here with you because the kids are
not letting me all right Claud go oh
hey that's like he's thinking good
considering you're clear across the
whole kitchen
ah this is what where did you get these
else made them last year huh oh I can't
tell if you're 2n or pooping but you're
kind of thinking train boy give on TVs
don't drop it you have to roll it good
you can do however you want to
good job awesome Ken
I need a attract they can walk need
bumpers
and so the bog isn't going to get fruit
are you need bumpers first yeah okay you
hold the camera and you go show Olivia
can I have a talk to it okay
little video I should push it but it's
okay not buddy
when Allah is use read put the camera on
Olivia's face so I can see her okay okay
go Oh dig the gate down over there yeah
okay um do you know what else is Cody um
yes I saw him when you're at school okay
yeah I know but yeah that's okay don't
worry did you have to look where the
laundry pinkest but brilliant eat he's
trying to fight the bad guys with the
doll but the bad guys are gods
it was so quick see
is Lear's this or a cave at this sword
the screwdriver that's you be careful
right there actually
oh yeah be careful oh oh she just
squeeze his butt squeezed and I found
some gold Olivia my mom
I totally throw it we're in the gold of
oh here Dwolla wrong there were the
others oh that's actually metal bumpin
and bucket Cantonment today what I
learned at school is a little long yet
and oh we cannot okay and healthy things
keep you strong we don't have to say
that so every single day don't eat candy
anything else
Ellie just showed me how to use my wrap
like this I've never had his leg yeah oh
yeah I like to show me how to do this oh
he looks like doing anything he's happy
you tell he loves it yes he does and I
made sure he's nice and fat before we
came because I didn't want him angry and
starving yes and he looks happy like
always we're here at the wiggle worm I
made sure to put the kids in matching
shirts because I didn't want to lose
them
so put them in their new Christmas shirt
gather their Christmases and Boston
insisted on wearing it
there you go we found his motorcycle now
he's happy Santa Claus just walked in
code New York artery kami no listen do
you guys remember what you want to tell
him oh yeah you know just what you want
to tell him I know you do okay
how come you back to nervous someday
yeah when you Walter what when you were
little you were shy and then when you
are Kody's aged you weren't shy I'll go
up there with you okay join me to go up
there with you
Bastien do you wanna go tell Santa Claus
what you want for christmas oh let's go
tell him we have we'll wait for our turn
yes can you you know why we're gonna go
tell him what we want for christmas
okay she's feeling nervous very excited
though so Cody and Boston and Olivia
well let's see all together was it ho ho
ho
one two three Oh Burt you're the
sinister ha ha ha oh there we go
Austin do you want to join Santa Claus
to give you a candy cane in here let's
go tell him what you want for christmas
come here come here
let's go tell him what we want for
christmas you did so good
my goodness what's your name again
Boston how old are you Boston yeah he's
- Cody you're so smart how did you know
that old are you
yeah you're four two four six yeah
that's the way to do it yesterday
yeah her mom right she's modeling know
that she's she's been practicing for
this off the whole life Boston I deliver
I just write you like Olivia's gonna be
slow this is what he has left of his
he's like breaking it all over the place
let's say onions and memes yeah yeah say
ho last time one two people how can you
keep congregating in here tell me what
you're doing okay
I know but who's a for you guys
for the soldiers that are fighting right
now hey that is so fun can you write
your name in there so I know who it's
from this is Sookie oh I thought the
picture of you guys with Santa was so
sweet
they were all sitting on Santa's lap and
you just looked really awesome okay this
is Olivia's first one soldier they
translated as you can see I think I like
a soldier Olivia
Merry Christmas oh I love that Olivia
that is so sweet she's too even excited
to even like look at me thank you
I came home to tell Joel all about our
mini Meetup and he won't even wake up I
the kids were in here screaming jumping
around being crazy and he didn't even
flinch
I feel so bad for my little guy
my little guy I mean Joel I had a really
nice I almost just that I really nice a
I had a really nice time meeting a
handful of people over at the wiggle
worm it turned out so cute the pictures
meeting everybody it was just a very
nice night my head hurts so bad that I'm
having a hard time keeping my eyes open
right now so I'm just gonna say good
night don't forget to check out Elf on
the Shelf from last year day 4 I will
put the link down below
and I hope you guys have a really good
night and maybe we'll see you tomorrow
we'll see if I can keep up this whole
hog miss thing it's harder than it seems
you guys it really is harder than it
seems
see you guys later okay
