all right we are starting off another
episode of the whole eanes channel in
the basement
okay we're late at night he Jolie is
putting the rest of the lights in here
just got rid of that concrete and while
he did that even though I did not want
to I moved all of the food storage again
hey I know it seems ridiculous we've
been like shuffling stuff but keep in
mind we were still working on this room
when we started this room so we've just
had to move it we just don't have really
a choice and we need it moved so that we
can rip the carpet up so that we can
have the sheet rockers come so anyway
another late night but we should be like
I Joel tells me we're getting closer I'm
not sure if we really are but we better
be I mean it doesn't look like we've
made any progress but we have alright I
think yes we have lights those are only
half of them lit but how we're getting
there have mm-hmm I hope we're getting
there I'm trying to go to work for
morning oil
he'll be fine well we'll hurry let's I
keep encouraging him to go to bed but
he's kind of a workhorse well it's one
of those things that's like I'm killing
it let's just get some done mm-hmm I'm
just gonna point this out you till you
start getting real awkward a lot get
real offer here you got the wrong guy
that offer
so my mom's feeding the baby and I was
wanting to UM record elf and look what
he did he put out a bed princely but I
don't know why but then I'm smoked I was
a milk
it's a clothes iron
turn the bed and it kind of hard for me
to be like wow I don't even know
and so it's Christmas Eve and it's a
winter wonder and out there in some hats
I recording um and red elf everybody
things else are fun and I don't know why
but like they're fun I don't even know
why but sometimes I just think that are
they real cuz last night when I was
really close to L he kicked me on the
chin and nose like what that is he real
and so I thought Hilary not one of us
has wanted to get out of bed this
morning not even read he didn't even
want to get out of bed this morning
Olivia this is the first time in your
life you have been late for school
she woke up this morning and was just
not wanting to go to school now you want
to drink milk oh you have drinking milk
I think that's what he's telling you
okay and Cody is not in the best of
moods this for me either but we don't
have a choice we have to go outside in
the freezing cold because we have to run
some errands for Joel so that when he
gets home from work he has the parts
and wanna drink milk okay let's find you
a drink a milk mom yeah oh is that the
kite she made him hop down let's go
stay here don't walk out in the road
come on over this way you want me to
hold your hand okay first stop is the
bank this renovation isn't going to take
care of itself so we got to make sure
we're situated on boys see look it says
caution icy area you Cody was really
nervous to come outside today because he
didn't want to slip on the ice you hold
the door open for s-code pull it open
open oh my gosh oh ok kitchen
he's gonna get you guys to sucker do you
want win why are you trying not to smile
look at me hey you want to get it you
know he tries not to smile Oh awesome
look just went pictures over video of
course you want the blue ones the
messiest one okay there you go
I have been terrible about dinners
lately and so I decided I had to come to
the grocery store you found the rainbow
ice cream okay so I have enough stuff
this is what I got I have stuff to make
fajitas hi thank you very much I have
stuff to do taco soup and then that's
the only thing I need for Hawaiian
haystacks because I have the rest of it
at home so I have three really good
dinners and I think that that will be
good because I think that I angel' and
the kids are kind of sick of KFC and
like going out to eat and stuff so this
will be good I think that our bodies
need some good nice dinners in us you
guys want the rainbow ice cream well I
think I'm gonna have to get ice cream
too though Joel always gets the caramel
kind and I always get the chocolate kind
and I always end up eating most of his
but I still like some of this one so
these two and you want to get the
rainbow kind huh
go get the rainbow kind you want that
way and you don't even know what you
want you have Cool Whip in your hand you
think you are cool with you leave your
baby is good thank you your doughy
tonight
what
hey can you want me to help you alright
good job
I just checked off the last thing on my
list I went to the bank over to the
grocery store I picked up all Joel's
piping stuff and I'm totally embarrassed
I walked into this store and the guy was
helping me and some other guy walked
past me goes I like your bird is pretty
sweet I was like what song are you
singing that's a good girl sing it loud
you can play all my friends as candy
butter whoa good trait now what happened
over here well yeah touch don't touch
don't touch don't touch
look can you say sorry - yeah Jackson
what did you think that was about
yeah you know they don't bounce ha ha ha
ha like teleborian how's he revolt like
his roller ones are gone are they broke
what you would think you'd learn right
now
do you want one her name you just want
to sit with mom hey man the best P&G
thing he just wants to sit with me he
doesn't even want to treat can you
believe that
if I come to you do not wonder
peachy-pink when we see it that is the
huge thing it's a penguin and a peach
are not that fresh at well nor you
either smell like because we can't say
we did mom at you awesome well Joel is
at work I got everything that was down
here hauled into Idol at all into
Olivia's room and Jared actually helped
me with the big stuff so I did
everything in here except for like the
big stuff right there we have a deadline
to meet we have someone coming tomorrow
to shoot the ceiling of insulation so we
have to get all of the electrical work
done like tonight so I'm going to end
the vlog so that I can kind of help Joel
PS I still haven't even brushed my teeth
yet today that's just okay don't even
act like I don't have to remind you to
brush your teeth otherwise you wouldn't
hygiene yeah yeah I don't even care I I
had to get stuff done today and it was
either get ready and brush my teeth or
get my crap done so I got my crap done
that's the best part about a remodel do
whatever you want okay I'm in the middle
of a remodel come back whatever okay
thank you guys so much for watching
we'll see you next video
Oh which will probably be tomorrow so
let's just talk about something scary
let's just talk about something really
quickly I
I'm not going to say that I'm doing
vlogmas because I don't want to have to
do it every single day but I'm going to
be doing my best for the month of
December to do it everyday but it's not
going to be every day which is why I
haven't said anything because I just
can't commit to that I just can't I just
can't I thought I could and I had all
intentions of doing vlogmas but I can't
I said it but you still just might go
confused here me too see you guys bye
