how did you see him up there we are
getting you ready for school and you saw
okay what if I want for Christmas I'm
gonna be 11 unique oh dear heavens go
come on you usually rattle these off
like a madman oh my gosh can you guys
believe it
and a pocketknife and control and a one
race card controller
hey how do you know who this is
Farah Khan Khattak sumac that's red he's
our elf half a scrap
you probably don't read no don't let go
don't touch a resistor what did you give
them it's a nice treat you know Boston
everyone knows but you might not know do
we touch red or elf no we don't touch
him oh yeah we could handle touch
dragonus the only we can touch presents
nvm just Jane we can touch trains we
don't touch red okay we're not real
taken they're hot yeah real trains might
be hot so we wouldn't touch him yeah cuz
cuz on the flat and I need a black it's
still still hot maybe oh we didn't even
show our new pajamas do you like your
new jammies yeah it's still there so
thank you I don't know what te by
warning okay let's go with some
breakfast cereal okay
did you bump your head would you bonk
your head on
on the bed
what do you have in your hands Jenny is
what do you have in your hands
Jew lady why did you get into my
jellybeans is it because I was ignoring
you
and you've gone into my stuff I've been
sitting here trying to find a bathroom
vanity for your bathroom downstairs Hey
and I don't want to show the camera my
face I look like I just got out of bed
because I did just get a bit so you guys
don't get to see me yet take that pinky
out of your mouth good morning baby Cody
Boston let's go get dressed I told you I
have to baby you think that I can hold
you with my other arm hmm okay I'll hold
you when we get downstairs okay I'm not
gonna carry both of you okay I'll hold
you when we get downstairs I'm gonna let
you in on just a little secret I hate
hate hate getting dressed for the day I
feel like a toddler I
if I could just stay in my jammies all
day I would and on days that I can I do
it hey stop pulling my hair is that
pulling my hair I officially decided
today I've been asking all my sisters
should I cut things on my hair should I
cut my hair I think I'm gonna do it I
think I need to do it and I need this
basement to be done you guys this is
such a joke don't step on the sharp
stuff
oh thank you joel has been working on
canned lights so he's halfway done
putting him up
it's can you believe this is a joke it's
kind of a nightmare
all right a Cody go I told him to come
down here he didn't listen did he I
literally did not know he was done there
Cody you Turkey I was about to come get
mad at you for not listening
down here my dent Hilary see your tent
you look so cute in here oh it's not
quite how you get is from that part nice
the only way to get this little guy to
stop screaming sometimes there's a stick
him right up by your face and put his my
hand right over his face
and just get him nice and tight in my
face and on my chest and this is what he
wants this is what he wants to do he
wants me to walk around the house and
kiss him and bounce them so that's what
we're doing yes you are
yeah yes you are get cleaning he's been
screaming a lot this morning and this is
honestly why sometimes I don't even wear
makeup because it's like I need to do my
hair this is why I like should not wear
makeup sometimes is because this is what
he likes to do he wants me by his face
and this said I want to do I want to be
right up into space so that's what we're
gonna do today
fine what Cody got him some turkey
that chicken moldy this is what Cody had
made for the elf this morning is cereal
they already ate all the string one of
the string cheese's maida and pieces of
bread apparently it got moldy already
multi so tonight is a KFC kind of night
this morning I was feeling pretty
overwhelmed with my day and I just
thought how am I supposed to vlog this
so I basically didn't because I just
have I just have so many things to do
and I feel like my house is such a wreck
anyway so I called on my friends and I
asked her I said can you babysit the
kids while I yogurt just went flying all
over the floor I called her and said can
you watch my kids while I ran some
errands and she said I'm sorry I'm in
the ER they said what for her little
cute daughter put her hands in the
treadmill while she was running and
really really really hurt her fingers
basically took the skin and everything
off down to the bone and I don't know I
just have been thinking about it all day
that made me really just oh I was so
sick for her for her daughter and I just
thought my day is fine my kids are not
in the ER they are fine so I just got
done taking her KFC
we got KFC 4s joel is actually
downstairs working on the basement which
I don't even want to go down there like
I don't want to go down there so I'm not
going to I'm gonna have Joe come up
we're gonna eat dinner and then did you
get water what is that it's just that I
think Amy knows that I actually called
Ellie and yeah well she come here did I
call her anyway she was going to Alice I
needed to go to Al's and I found this
super cute coat for Boston he doesn't
have a coat yet and it came with these
and everything that I was finding online
was super expensive or really cheap like
cheaping quality and I found this for a
cheap price it's a really good quality
one so I'm kind of excited about that
well that is not what I pulled the
camera out to record looks so manly
show me the bone I was gonna show let me
see the bone you ate every little last
tiny drop off of that thing I was gonna
ask you did you save that coleslaw for
last oh yeah because that is your
favorite part huh yes you can have more
macaroni that in this bit right there
this is a fork
let me see so do you think you think you
could call it a sport or a fork spoon
Cody has always cuddled with Jared he's
just a little bun you really have
whenever we come over to your house and
I was like a movie on yeah like I'll
just sit down and he'll just like does a
lot to me hi Jared everything I came
over I just trimmed Ellie's hair and
she's gonna watch me cut Kody's hair cuz
she kind of wanted to watch me see how
you'd be mmm just see how it Kody's hair
so I am going to cut Kody's hair
Joel's working and as soon as Jared's
done he is so generously gonna go over
he's good go over and help Joel finish
doing some lighting so anyway I'm gonna
close the lock here and I'll see you
guys in my next video bye bye
