hey guys last time I did a room tour I
was doing the nursery tour and Joel was
down here working on this room making
all sorts of noise while I was doing the
nursery tour now he's doing a whole into
work out there we have guests right now
here at our house that are going to be
using this room so I have to do Olivia's
room tour right now I don't have a
choice I have to do it right now so when
you walk into Olivia's room this is what
it looks like and we putted the walls
weari sheet rocked the wall we petted
and textured the ceiling put hand lights
in all new fixtures Joel framed the
windows
I moved Olivia's bed right there in the
corner and I bought these frames from
Hobby Lobby found spray paint that
matched the beds the best that I could
and basically cleaned out all of
Olivia's junk this is a little birdie
that my mom got for Olivia for Christmas
a couple years ago you can find them on
ebay they're Fenton my family and I have
a lot of Benton stuff at the nto n they
don't it's not in production anymore but
there's a lot of really cool thanked in
products that you can find out there so
the bedding is my absolute favorite we
got it from Betty's bedding and I'll put
the link down below to it because when I
first looked at that website I was a
little skeptical like oh yeah like strap
the it's a zip-up bed and I was a little
leery of it until I got it
and I wish like absolute crazy I would
have put this on the boys bunk beds
because people are like oh it's so easy
and I thought well I don't need you I'll
just teach them to make their beds no
they don't make their beds well Oh
anyway so there's a little zipper right
here that zips open to her bed the sheet
is attached to it so you don't have to
buy sheets it's lined with this minke
dot and Olivia is so excited to sleep
in this beautiful bed
just the perfect color of pink I'm just
really excited for it and I'm excited
for the way that the paint matches the
bed so we painted the doors and we
bought in all new doors for every room
that we've redone but for some reason we
just really liked these doors we wanted
to keep them and so we just kept the
doors but had them painted with
automotive paint our front door is
painted with automotive paint as well
and the reason we do that is because it
lasts so long and they wipe done really
really well and these are metal doors
and so I didn't want to paint it with
regular paint and I didn't want to do
spray paint so you put new covers on
them and um the carpet oh I have I shown
you the carpet oh my goodness no yes I
have in another vlog I have oh hi baby
oh yeah my baby sitting there don't
worry about that um I love the carpet
it's um really light in color and it
kind of has this um texture pattern to a
pattern that's what I was looking for
and that's also in the closet as well so
I've got Olivia's little trinkets here I
think she sent I think she needs to ask
Santa Claus for a jewelry box because
she needs a place to put her jewelry so
she just kind of has her trinkets here
she loves this picture she loves this
picture of us she's had it forever
anyway I got this from Hobby Lobby just
to hold her bows in I wanted to put my
dolls up in Olivia's room because I want
her to see them I mean I don't
necessarily want her to play with them
because they're all porcelain dolls
I just loved him growing up and I just
think it's fun for her to see them and I
know she won't get into them if I tell
her not to get into them this little
doll is the doll that my mom had when
she was little
she pierced the ears and those are
little push pins in her ears and they
matched the little felt hat and the felt
skirt and she's got that a leather
jacket and leather boots
my dad got this for me when I was little
it's a little tea set and just no no
just fun little things I hope that it's
fun for her to see that's actually a
picture of me when I
little um her Barbie stuff this was mine
when I was little and I just figure you
know it's either gonna sit in a box
until when like she may as well play
with it she's the only one that's going
to care about her mom's things you know
what I mean
so she's just gonna play with them and
they're things that I don't
they're just play this was part of mine
when I was little so she's got the
shelves in their jewelry did the shelves
before she moved down here when she was
little because I at least wanted a
closet done so he didn't have to do the
closet this go-around
um that's basically it there's not a
whole lot to the room tour other than
just what you've seen I guess the
floorboards he put in all the outlets or
new outlet covers and stuff so I like
that there's a big open space for Olivia
to play and maybe we'll have to do
something fun over here so that is
Olivia's room I love that little set and
she rocks her dolls at night so we are
breaking this room in we've got company
sleeping in here tonight and I hope they
enjoy the room too
thank you guys so much for watching and
we'll see you in on my next video bye
guys
