happy Thanksgiving everybody and good
morning
it is very early still but everybody's
awake except for Cody Clark out still
don't you know how hard he swam
yesterday this little guy that guy swam
there his heart out
these kids they we came swimming we got
to the hotel yesterday and they saw him
so hard yeah my tummy hurts
from that water yep uncle and aunt
Olivia and that was traumatizing for
let's talk about this guy though
look at him oh he seriously he's just
like you're watching cartoons leave okay
Nick I'm watching cartoons watching a
little Phineas upper dog kid he's like
I'm coming Austin's calling room service
that's even better
oh I see you my face okay Keith my juice
do you want me to taste your juice is
still sharp reveal it it's cha that's
good it's a strawberry video there's
strawberries in that we'll all be you
slept so good last night at one point
his little head was popping up over my
bed last night and I said go to bed it's
kind of cute outside I don't know why I
just said cute no I think it looks
pretty awesome with the frost on the
trees I wake I go swimming tomorrow you
want to go swimming tomorrow okay we're
gonna go swimming tonight before we go
to bed don't be late
before I go to this its first leg that's
right that's all we first have to do
come on on REE pants you thinking this
big huge hurry I have this blister on
the back of my foot so I am limping
those Frye boots are no joke hope that
those Frye boots are no joke and I'm
trying to get them broken in they're so
so bad
daddy's going to get the Carson we're
going away from
oh the cute lady at the front desk saw
how crazy the kids were all getting and
they were like trying to get into the
treats and she brought this over and she
told the kids that if they were good I
could share this treat with them and she
told me she was her kids are so cute so
she gave us a free little treat can you
believe that what a sweetheart huh it's
like the worst case scenario bah
we had a lot of snow rain last night
it's freezing cold but now all those
clouds are gone which means it's not as
warm
it's crazy so we're gonna have ice so
it's just cold the lady that lady was so
cute to give us these treats and they're
honestly so good she gave me one
she worked last year when we stayed here
and she said that she works everything's
giving morning cuz her family doesn't do
Thanksgiving till 6 o'clock so that's
sweet of her I know what cutie huh
Aunt Linda you look more so nice is that
new you look wonderful
hey Landon I got it I got mad cat bone I
mean what did you say I had a neck up
out of mind a happy
did you put makeup on you look beautiful
oh yeah mom the table looks so glad
someone's eye happy all right Cooper
this guy's had a hard hard day haven't
Jeff and he just keeps on a screaming
like a madman so we're gonna look out
the window we're just gonna sit up here
and grandma's window seal can you hop up
here
Oh down right here and we're just gonna
have a little bit of quiet time together
aren't we
let's open this window oh here we go
let's open this cuz screamin makes you
hot so he's kind of sweaty yeah let's
just cool off by the window okay should
we do that
this little guy doesn't know it that
even though we don't see him every day
we love him so so so much don't we I
hope you know aunt bunny loves you so so
much he look out there
we got pretty it looks we cut his hair
the other day yep we sure did didn't me
I probably won't film at the dinner
table because I want to really just
listen and just pay attention to it
everyone
saying and I don't want to be worrying
about filming but I sure am grateful for
my family
I sure am grateful because I know that
not everybody has a really great family
and I really am a firm believer that if
you don't have something because a lot
of kids young kids don't really might
not feel hopeful if they don't have
something so I just wanted to I'm glad
it's you I was just letting them know
that the one thing I'm grateful for is
like the good families that we come from
and not everybody comes from those
really good families but that's okay
because generations can be changed
starting with one can change a tree
right yeah nobody Ramsey always says is
that change your family tree I'm
speaking of changing he want me to
change his diaper no I just need all
this stuff
okay grandpa change see am i pouring my
soul while you're in the bathroom we're
just hey we're just having a little a
minute
and Momma just came ruined it easier no
no here for you now he starts like he's
kind of having a rough day isn't he so
we're just cooling off by the window
looks nice Sun in mom's windowsill
where's your bag yet mom
well boss and good grief
I went downstairs and I said you know
I'm just so tired and he said bosses has
been asleep for an hour and a half he
should get any minute
don't be sad so I laid down next to him
and we both slept for another eat your
pie eat you Python apparently my baby
has been doing really really great and
the second I walked upstairs he kind of
added my voice and he kind of started
getting bored jumping Epis now he didn't
make a peep until I heard you smell yeah
that reminds me oh that makes me laugh I
think all the boys are over at the
church playing taking care of the kids
doing something I don't really know
Oh Olivia we forgot to put your hair in
a phony
oh crap crap oh yeah and when you take
that bow out of her hair it's very
expensive
so I was gonna try and get him to go to
sleep but he's he was so wired and awake
he was he wouldn't even eat kazoos just
cooing and laughing like oh my god okay
where are the goggles down there can you
get them are you gonna swim to him your
foots not big enough okay should daddy
go get him daddy go oh my gosh you look
so T
he is so sweet how do we ask yeah okay
Oh
seeing the night
thank you
we'll figure it out I'll get him
this was your first Thanksgiving first
this is your first Thanksgiving it has
been an amazing day thank you guys for
watching and it's just in a nice I'm Kip
control patrol okay
don't play him in the hot tubs just like
come here I want to hear each of you
guys think before what do you think
before it I think about the zoo today
okay Olivia I want to know what you're
thankful for what are you thankful for
big boy
Boston is thankful for Emma what do you
think before oh this has been a good
year
this little guy we have safe baby birth
I'm thankful for that and he just he's
getting so lightly but yeah he was good
today I'm thankful for my Thanksgiving
nap
thank you guys so much for being a part
of our Thanksgiving if you want to check
out our Thanksgiving from last year that
was when we first started bogging I'll
put the links to it down below if you
wanna go check those out but thank you
guys so much again we love you guys tune
in our next video bye
