Joel was supposed to be off of work
today and they called him in for
mandatory overtime I am probably more
mad than he is I'm like urea I'm so mad
because I had in my head that he was
gonna be home you're gonna start our
vacation cuz he has a week off and now
it's delayed a full day it's been a full
day today and I just thought what can I
do to make Joel happy what can I do to
do something for him and I just thought
you know we used to take turns getting
Christmas set up like we would take
turns surprising each other or we'd see
who would get to Christmas like setting
it up first just surprise each other and
I haven't done that the last several
years because I either have a newborn or
I'm pregnant or like the stuff is really
high and I can't get to it and I just
thought I'm done a surprise Joel with
Christmas because we like getting it set
up before we leave for Thanksgiving so
that way when we come home it's up well
I know I can hear my baby crying he's
woken up and I'm thought he was asleep I
may have to go and get him but I had
Joel's brother come over Josh was so
nice to climb up get the tree down and I
said um one more thing can you set it up
because I don't know how so Josh said
that the Christmas tree and I'm going to
get things arranged get my dishes done
get garbage put away and I'm just gonna
stay up and do it while Joel is working
he'll be home later tonight so I might
not get his reaction on camera because
it might be late but we'll see I did
call Ellie so hopefully she's gonna come
over and just keep me company
it's funny it's like when the kids go to
sleep I'm like Oh Ellie can you come
over and just watch me my favorite
things is that you showed up in your
room I had my cowboy yeah she had she
had cowboy boots on in her row and she's
gonna help me fluff this tree and I my
old tree you had Justin bend it and it
would stay open well kind of my doctor
into buying this last year and we bought
these trees together at Sam's Club and I
hate it I hate it
well it doesn't for you try fluffing it
and then no it doesn't stay where you
put it I hate it I hate this tree and it
was like $300 I hate it
well you don't seem like you're in a
very good Christmas mood to be setting
up a tree we didn't get very far and I'm
already tired okay so this is what we
did it's beautiful I know this is the
tree this is what we did on the mantel
super simple I left my candlesticks up I
don't even know what to do with these
guys I don't know what to do and I put
the kids books out that's huge for the
Christmas books out yes I feel like I
feel like I can't I can't get everything
out because my basement is still such a
wreck dusty and it's dusty oh yeah I
know you like that ball oh yeah the
piano bench it's insane I think I just
dust it the other day again I was like
it's just there's just so much dust from
this construction but this is fine this
is pretty and I just it's simple and
it's clean and that's what I want to
keep it so this might just be it I hope
Jill's excited he will be I'm gonna
leave the lights on so when he comes
home
he'll see it all yay and seriously I
love it you're in your room I know I
already said it was rad thanks for
having me come over I thought my kids
were in bed by the time no I know me too
we should have gotten a treat though
Jared's that come off the tweet oh well
hi guys it's been a minute since I saw
ya you cute little bears you're Cody's
and you're Olivia's and they are gonna
get you in the morning what did you
think when you saw the Christmas tree oh
I was so excited and I I it felt like a
blast from the past a little bit yeah
funny and I have always like certain
years surprised each other with our
Christmas tree when we were first
married and seeing the big one up that
was it was the sweetest gesture because
I feel like I am so ready where I get
right now with everything with the
remodel but it was just sweet and it was
fun and I'm happy good you said he told
me he was like I have thought about
surprising you and he's like I just
haven't had a date to do it some time
that she surprised me next year's mister
mmm that doesn't maybe we'll see maybe
we'll just do it together I kind of like
doing it together but I am so glad that
we just got it done and the kids have
been moving the ornaments like get into
it of course that's all right
today is the night before the night
before Thanksgiving so we are going home
it's our last night at home so we're
like prepping trying to get out the door
joel is cleaning his and Jared's gun
jared has been really busy too so he's
gonna get Jared's gun cleaned for him
and that way they can I didn't go
shooting hopefully if the weather is
good people are kind of talking about
not going cuz there might be snowing
because it might be go oh stop it you're
being a but I think they're just scared
of losing oh whatever no that's not me I
only doubt it so I'm making a cheesecake
I got a salad put together and we've
just been hanging out it's actually felt
really good we got the kids in bed we've
got the Christmas music going and we're
just spending the evening together it
feels better than just like sitting in
bed watching TV don't you think oh yeah
who is that hello
hey hey I have cheese ain't done and now
I'm working on a peach pie I think my
mom was taking care of the pumpkin pies
I like pumpkin pie I've never tried
making it I've never drinking it it's
alright your peach pies are the best
beautiful I got a pretty smile this is
my mom's worth pie plate and she got
this exact one when she was getting
married or something yeah when she got
married and then her neighbor our our
neighbor Beverley she found this for my
mom cuz it's identical to it if anyone
ever finds one of these let me know and
I'll buy it from you and no it's not a
certain brand I mean they're just
old-school you find them like at the DI
or something but they are perfect sides
are the perfect size anyway should we go
show him the basement yeah I'll go show
him again but I want to show one thing
I've been cleaning the guns I've
volunteered to clean Jared's gun might
have been a mistake this is my pile this
is my pile of dirty linens from my guns
but only to this is Jarrod's sorry Jared
that's that's the gun cleaning bus
running over you are I'm sorry trust
that pie it does crusty crusts Oh Mia
let me go show them the bags man
how myself okay will you bring me up can
of pie filling
drawer and bycatch means homemade bottle
pie feeling that she makes okay woo okay
so far in the basement
like there's no lighting in here anymore
cuz I've had to rip almost all up and
down so I can put new lighting up and
we've ripped all the sheetrock as you
can see everything's bearing down here
we are ready for some remodel but I have
gotten the water line all the way loose
I've got my plumber contacted and we are
gonna update this wall of plumbing
that's all the main plumbing in the
house but our furnace is over there and
look you can actually like see down this
is the new wall this is the new wall so
we'll be able to see both kids rooms
before you couldn't see that room ever
so it was kind of like a little nook and
cranny and you couldn't come over here
you couldn't see the bathroom nothing
but it's all visible now there's that
one beam or pillar but that's okay but
now we can see the fireplace that'll be
finished and this nice window all
finished like I normally do put my
little bit of a flare on it I guess got
my pie done the other pie is cookin I
just gotta clean up you're almost done
mm-hmm ready for this holiday yeah well
I am ready to have a nice few days off I
am excited for you to have a few days
off some sounds fun and it goes swimming
yeah the kids are most excited about
going swimming I can't wait to get in
the hot tub with Boston Oh maybe Lincoln
may be elected to you yeah Boston liked
it when he was very few years ago when
he was a little baby he loved I remember
I have that picture and he'll just sleep
in you me and him just clean upstairs no
sleep okay fine okay well have a good
night and we'll see you guys in our next
video bye guys
