do you turn the water ah yeah he is
little rusty he's in the water
hmm my model of water is in the fridge
sorry
good morning guys today Landon and Jared
and Joel are going to finish gutting um
the bathroom because I figured I wasn't
planning on doing the bathroom but it's
all just part of that we're getting the
entire basement down because I do not
want to recarpet and then try hauling
all this junk out of here so the heater
is all the way in that's all the new
ducting that's our new heater system and
that used to be ducting underneath there
but that ducting is gone and so that
gets to go so we get more room up there
anyway this is the before of our
bathroom so they just have like a
plastic tub plastic like lining stuff
it's hard whoops it's hard to get before
us because you just never know what to
look at but like I mean it's just old
it's just I mean it's fine and we could
live with it but it's going to be nice
to have Kent lights in here a new floor
like I just it's just needs new just
needs updated so here's the before and
I'm going to be pretty excited to show
everyone the after Laura this is Landon
sister she is cute as we love her she's
getting married and her lady was
supposed to do her makeup this morning
and cancelled on her cuz she was sick
and so last-minute that's why I'm doing
it and I'm kind of nervous because she's
like fashionable and beautiful and I'm
like sure I'll do your in-game
pictures seriously and you just so
happen to have foundation come in the
mail like little samples
yeah and this is perfect yes it is
perfect yeah I know
I'm nervous I'm glad we did it at the
time that we did cuz not even have time
yo so I mean a spray you a spray before
you go I don't know if I have wicked mad
makeup skills or lares just amazing
beautiful Bonnie here is the after okay
close your eyes
let's get in here and look this is her
engagement pictures all right it looks
so good
Oh a new girl thank you for like
watching the kids doing lunch
I really don't want to work too hard
like are we working toward that working
hard now no I mean it I believe we gave
him a free sandwich um yeah he buys on
separate stroke look I like it look how
close the water line is that's one align
that's where I cut
he's just dang near luckily I can't see
luckily that sauce piece crap from a
rental store yes it didn't cut very deep
that's really gross
it's looking bear in there that's
amazing look you know what though bond
like we were pretty worried about
possibility and move back here none oh
nice okay so perfect a hairball oh yeah
that's oh that was there 200 you go have
fun
I hate oh I hate that he just got hurt
like I could honestly like I just want
them to stop working I hate when guys I
hate when they get hurt Landon burned
his face he lit his face on fire no joke
and I'll put Julie's video to it below
and he just Joel just dinged his face
I'm like sick about it I'm honestly sick
about it
we are taking the kids to wiggle worm
because we need to let them run and I
don't have a place with them to run
right now so we're on our way to wiggle
worm
you two stay here
have you guys been here long oh good I
went to pick Olivia up and shoes kicked
she was joking I was she excited well
because they were doing iPads like math
on the iPad so she was super ticked at
me but she looks like she's plenty happy
now so she can't complain
I love the Eman knows what wiggle worm
is she knows exactly what it is so I
think she's really happy to be here oh
good good well I'm glad she's here too
are you helping Emma
Oh
hey you know what that motorcycle you're
riding looks just like a motorcycle at
Grandma's house how come you love
motorcycles so much Cody was riding on
that one doesn't mean do you like
motorcycles
that's your motorcycle all right you
going
guess what see it in its mouth so do you
like to eat it
nice
what are you drying oh you'll see
oh I'll see what are you drying a
rainbow colors rainbow colors just
beautiful
what are you gonna draw code well look
see how dirty the paint brushes know
yeah I don't want that one on down okay
you want this one I think he what he
really wants is to stand on the stool
here we'll do over here come here
you want to pay on this end yeah yeah on
the doll paint on me don't paint on mama
that better yeah your suits but there we
go
is that better is that what you wanted
you've been a good boy today you've been
a good boy today so we got a babysitter
and all of our kids all of Julius I got
all Julie's all of mine we put them in
the boys room downstairs and the
babysitters are instructed to not let
one of them off their beds so hopefully
they fall asleep sooner than later and
we came over to Elly's house because we
just we want to hang out but we don't
want to be chasing kids all night like
we're all have hair like it was loud and
yeah we were gonna go out to dinner but
then we just decided that we wanted to I
know that we just wanted to sit and talk
and so we got takeout and we're gonna go
just hang out here we're just gonna sit
and watch our little babies and not have
to chase toddlers
so thanks babysitter's so I go who does
what we're trying each of the kinds of
lemonade just got word that all the kids
are asleep so I'm happy that's good and
we're just starving because it fills our
deck good really good oh I don't like
cherry any Sharlee really New England I
mean it tastes good I get a lot of
medicine just like one of those cherry
popsicles mm-hmm yes it does
I don't think me too I think I just gave
you a sneak peek of Olivia's room I
recorded Olivia's room door today so
should be up in the next couple of days
so look for that on my channel if you're
not subscribed go ahead and subscribe so
you don't miss out on the notification
or that we have an awesome night we'll
see you guys in the next video
