honey you don't need to put boots on
what are you doing you can't go with the
kids to school he's got his jacket he's
got his boots he can't take that diaper
Lincoln you can't go to school with the
kids yesterday with yesterday when the
kids were getting ready to go tubing was
it him yeah yeah Boston Boston was going
to being Lincoln cried for like 25
minutes a long time Boston that's bad
luck you guys look so cute
get out of my house now that'd be great
come here honey
come here no Lincoln no Lincoln come
here come here come here hey you can do
it even no put a few down do like two at
a time go put these ones in my closet
one at a time just grab the one and go
put those in my closet I want you to go
put these ones in the garage and those
ones in the garage
and these ones in the garage thank you
you can see we've got a lot going on
this morning we are trying to get things
cleaned up I am making some cupcakes we
have a photo shoot to do today and photo
shoot day I get stressed anyway I think
we're doing okay she needs to get good
kisses give her good kisses Boston Wade
can I have a nice Oh Lincoln that's so
sad yes I Lincoln that's so sad can you
grab my hugs and kisses
I'll give you treat don't even one we're
getting everything heated up we tried
making everything that we could last
night that would still look good and
photograph well reheat it so that it
wasn't so crazy this runny and I think
that was a good way to go about it yes
so we've got our photographer Shanta
here Instagram in the description if you
guys want to check her out mom has a few
things and brie is back here she's gonna
take the kids over to Ellie so that she
can watch the kids at Ellie's house and
they're out of our way so that we can
focus it's a little more stressful than
you think and maybe it's just me I hate
giving pictures taken do you think
getting like photo shoots are horrible
they're hard they are harder than you
think
and that wasn't horrible they're just
stressful or just stressful anything it
what was I saying I think I had a point
I don't remember I thought I was gonna
say something nothing it's true we were
laughing yes Chanda took one picture and
we were always can we like got right up
in her face and I was like this is
really football isn't she's like yeah
all the rules when it comes to
photography when she's being so patient
with us we have to have like the perfect
picture you guys are going to die when
you see how good the pictures have
turned out it's exciting cuz I never
thought we could do something so like
beautiful and attractive but it's fun
it's fun this is fun it makes a huge
mess and I was just trying to think okay
who in my neighborhood needs a good
dinner
chen√© does like I'll take a dinner Oh
superstar student Olivia that would be
you Olivia you are always helping others
and trying to do the right thing thanks
for being a great example in our class
so sweet what did you get that for
good yeah you guys when I tell you
I literally schedule my life around
quiet time this is what I do
come here he's mad because quiet time is
ruined did he say anything over at
Ellie's come here
send up oh you realize this because the
kids just our home yeah we gauge quiet
I'm glad time is over when the kids get
home from school so he just skipped a
nap today how were they over there so
good oh my god look do you know what how
about we all go down and have quiet time
together
because I've been working all day the
kids have been at school all day let's
go do that
let's have Lincoln take a really short
short late nap maybe we'll get you numb
for 30 minutes hey you gotta stop
whining and Bhuvan did you have no did
you have fun over there did you have fun
over there
good okay then no more pouting I'm not
gonna do quiet time if you're gonna pout
though
we'll find something we have a kind of
something I will find something for us
this is what my mom gave me for my
birthday
and I have seen my mom have this her
entire life that has sat on her dresser
in her room somewhere in our house
forever and when I took her to Hawaii
she thought in her mind she thought when
it's funny his birthday I'm gonna give
her that dolphin I've seen this dolphin
my entire life and it was just really
sweet that she gave it to me so I'm
gonna find someplace to put it maybe for
now I'll just stick it right next to my
Hawaii picture with Joel I just know why
the kids did not get over it but my mom
bought that dolphin I think for like
$4.99 or something like that she said
when she went to Hawaii the one and only
other time besides what I took her when
she was like in her teens like younger
teens like 12 13 - 14 ish anyway so
we'll put it next to mine and Joel's
Hawaii picture and this was my
great-grandma Mortensen's
that cute
had extra soup inside you would like I
use a bag so you didn't have to return
smiley face love pullings I'm gonna make
the kids walk these around to the
neighborhood to all the today she's not
a widow but we love her
everybody's doing nice service projects
today and he's in there being a little
turd not taking a nap two seconds ago he
was vacuuming his bed no no no you will
not talk to him because if you talk to
him feel to come out I think it's
playtime yeah at least he's being quiet
he can just have quiet time in there
you're not gonna take a nap at least be
useful and vacuum the carpet left
oh that's a trap I went in last night if
you had that bathroom inside that
stepstool I think that's what he's doing
this way when I win got him at 6:00 this
morning I think it's time to go back to
bet he had that vacuum in his hand
yeah stinker what are you doing in here
Lincoln you smell like a big poopoo is
that why you didn't take a nap continue
to cheer over there you're strong do you
know that this is what Olivia used to do
she would manhandle this mattress all
over the place do you know why I don't
want you to fall down and get your head
hurt c'mere let me see your hand
pop down can you pop down I like you a
lot
is that a horsey ride you Percy come on
let's change your diaper stinky sake
come on stinky did you guys get all the
soups delivered Oh tell my sister Rock
said
she ran out like this you know I became
the bad chocolate mm-hmm yes if they
work she gave no that's okay that's okay
well now that you guys are frozen please
come finish putting your things away and
I will heat up some more dinner I have
been in the kitchen all day
did you take your shoes in the house
turn it
did you hear are you kidding me okay
hang up your coat
kids are begging you to watch Kirsty you
know what because we're gonna watch a
movie yes let's get dinner and then
we'll go watch her straight no think it
has not been changed we have food to
choose from I don't want to eat any more
food up I've been in here who taught you
that
oh whatever
ricca-san that old job
when is Rex one minute minute he's up
10:09 you guys need to have to chew more
he goes into ultra abs carry teach the
boys a idea okay lots of single set
ciento Nueve just single sickest thing
you'll see is Joey but me no I think I
think it means I am Boston right you
need to have brief teach you some more
will you practice that with debris
I'll tell her okay yes
Cody literally takes a few more big
bites just before they get we're telling
you how starting they where nobody
wanted to eat their dinner very
frustrating
Olivia loves to be a helper and I
appreciate it
changing battery
we are gonna wrap up cleaning up the
dishes we are going to close the vlog
and we're going to go downstairs and
watch for Carter's 3d you know you are
going to know we're gonna help clean up
the kitchen you're going to help clean
up the kitchen and then we're gonna
watch cars three it's not some fun all
right guys thank you so much for
watching your vlog today if you liked it
please give it a thumbs up and we'll see
you guys tomorrow
you
