good morning guys today is a very very
special day because we are going to meet
my sister Julie she flew into town for
the holiday for Thanksgiving next week
and I use can't wait to see her I know
she's been dying to see us always makes
me feel so sad she'll text me and like
show me the kids watching our vlog
showing the kids watching the other
cousins vlogs it's just I don't know
it's really cute and that's one reason I
absolutely love doing videos so that
family members that aren't right next
door or even one to our next door i
watch Ellie's videos cuz I'm like oh my
gosh she did yesterday even though I was
with her and even though I talked to her
ridiculous I know but what is going on
this morning as I knew I had to be out
the door by 10 it is 958 the kids might
be fighting but their hair is done their
teeth is brush and they have clean
clothes on this guy might be crying I
just said him he just does not like his
party very well um we are ready to go
well hey down dancing that's good um
I've got all the stuff that I need what
to take with me and we are heading out
to the door I am on time but I did have
to wake up at 6:00 in the morning and I
was too excited and I woke up at 5:20
and I laid there like this waiting for a
whole barn to go off so anyway needless
to say it was an early morning but we're
ready to go guys let's go get in the car
hurry are you sad what's the matter
what's the matter
Austin wait look at mama
hey Bessie did you punch Olivia it's
raining oh it's kind of starting to snow
really that's awesome okay let's get in
the car guys I dropped my kids off and
everyone is climbing into my car I said
you first I decide mom I'm thinking ice
in the front I assume you're using a
trap so we have everyone piled in here
Ellie and I are the only ones with our
babies and we're going to go get
pedicures brilliant pedicures and I
believe Ellie already paid for all of
them so Ellie hope everyone brought a
little tip for the girls we did you did
yeah thank you i gossiped ah fun holy
crap this is insane look at these
beautiful bowls this is I want to come
back here dude stop Ellie do they well
they're going right now they're going to
give us a cookie and a drink yeah well
it could be my oh my hands are cold I
don't attention loving one oh he you
know why he's hot cuz I got him dressed
because we've been without a heater for
how many days do you want you guys to do
that oh yeah you smell like a baby
where did you get those blue eyes from
joel has blue eyes so for those of you
that don't know this is Landon hey Julie
is my sister Cooper aye Cooper yes I was
like say yes Cooper he's loving you kids
are getting a little antsy so we decided
that we can't leave them alone in the
basement any longer and we need to come
down and give them some attention so
we're going to come down and pray
yeah we don't want his screamin do we do
we play let's play oh this basement is
getting crazy thank you
look at me come here my brother Chad and
just go to the top of his head so
Bonnie's not here right now but Lincoln
is kind of having a fit so we have two
girls here who are breastfeeding I think
we know what to do Karen yeah looks good
I think she'll I think she'll appreciate
it this is different
Colin's little baby that's the bunny
that's cute yeah oh he's good yeah he's
good that's funny that's awesome happy
this is what you do for your family you
know right I really she had to run
Olivia and she's like my I'll be back in
five minutes
it's been like that and your eyes yeah
and I have this fat team Oh actually
guys first embassy car I got for later
it was Henry you've already switch joy
to switch without okay
Lincoln right Lincoln was just crying
for two seconds because he wouldn't stop
screaming no sure
to help them you look do you want to see
Helmand yeah hey I got so much good
drain drain me did you really I did he
eat good that's just fun yeah yeah I was
honest like for for five minutes
it moonless it's oh yeah yeah he's not
streaming right now because my still
angry mosh that's so funny
Julia I don't think that I have kept you
guys included very well today it has
been crazy there is a bajillion little
kids running around and we finally are
getting all my kids to bed and everyone
got a room and I got a laundry room
actually I'm not complaining because I
told the kids I said we're gonna go
camping in grandma's laundry room and
Boston was all for it Cody is a little
reluctant but they are not minding a bit
and that was a blanket that I grew up
with so it's really cute to like see him
in that blanket I am nursing the baby
hopefully he'll go to bed soon and then
work at all me and all my siblings we're
just going to sit in the family room and
chitchat and it's going to be wonderful
Joel's at work he's been a work today
and so we kind of miss him but that's
okay he'll be here for them he has a
full week off next week so we'll party
then
did you wake up don't lay your foot down
never your head to us
I think Lex your motorcycle this is my
cue to go
Boston's awake the baby's been crying so
does time to go I think this has been
all over the place because there's been
to fun and to hectic - what to focus on
vlogging so I'm sorry if you guys are
like wait what's going on you'll you'll
catch on just keep watching okay
have a good night everyone
