I am down here in the basement with Joel
he's getting ready for the furnace guy
to get here we are moving the furnace
all the way over there we're getting
soft water Joel were getting soft water
we'd have been talking about we've been
talking about giving soft water since we
very first moved in we worried about
getting me dirty clean black shirt dirty
it's okay he's working he wants me to
leave him alone he actually called me
down here because he's like Bonnie if
you want to record your food storage you
better get down here because I'm moving
it oh my gosh he moved the whole wall
for the door opening oh my gosh he
doesn't wait for me which is totally
fine he's the one doing the work I work
around him but I have had so many people
comment and ask me are you an extreme
couponer why do you have so much
stockpile of food where you know why do
you have so much stuff and this isn't
even all of it so I am going to be
answering a whole bunch of questions
about my food storage about my pantry
but first I have to help Joel move it
because he needs this out of his way in
order to finish doing some of his work
so I'm gonna help him move it and then
I'm gonna answer some questions about my
food storage this was a lot of moving
cans Joel we have a lot of stuff huh no
I don't ever want to move ever what's
sad about these shelves is that my dad
came up and helped to build these they
served a purpose when we have them and
we utilize them and now now they're for
getting rid of them the bad part of what
we gotta do you yeah you want to feel
the worst most bad about bond huh
beautiful beautiful wall covering so we
gotta get rid of I know I mean people
would die to have the matching curtains
with the matching wallpaper mm-hmm makes
me feel sad c'mere
should watch them work watching work
okay he's moving you're moving God go
what are you doing it keep going you can
reach are you kidding heart yes he is
yeah who is he Hey he's Cody Clark and
who are you a bastard
best away oh my gosh you know what
shocks me every time we do projects with
this boy he loves to work I mean he
loves to work and he loves to his stuff
I think he just likes an excuse to break
go to smash are you tired - I hit the
ones on the bottom they'll be easier are
you so tired get the ones on the bottom
haha he's using every ounce of muscle
he's got my hammer weighs almost as much
as he does I bet it does Oh click per
color alone he's pretty breaking the
wall lift your hammer lunch break good
breakfast break
breakfast lunch brunch brunch egg PB and
J's good so my kids and I are huddled in
this room together Cody's got his coat
on we're just kind of hanging out we
don't have heat and we don't have water
and I went to wash my hands
I put soap on my hand went to wash my
hands realized we didn't have water I
went to the
room realized I couldn't flush it it's
like okay you don't realize what you
have until it's gone and that's kind of
the exact reason why we have our food
storage basically the simple reason of
why we have our food storage toys are
being thrown at me is it's our way of
being self-reliant joel has a job right
now but we don't know if he's gonna have
a job tomorrow so how I got started on
my food storage is when we very first
moved into this house when I had the
space to put a food storage when I would
go to the store I instead of buying 1
can of beans that I needed for dinner I
would buy four cans of beans and I would
put three extra ones downstairs and then
the next time I needed a can of beans I
went downstairs I got a can of beans and
then I wrote on my list can of beans and
I would buy a couple of cans of beans
and every time I made something and I
didn't have it in my food storage
I would buy enough to make it five times
and I would put all of it downstairs and
then any time I needed it I would go
downstairs use it and I would write on
my list to buy more and so I just slowly
started building it and if I had a
little extra money or there was a case
lot sale I would just buy a bunch of
something and I only put in my food
storage what exactly I use because I've
bought in canned tomatoes and put them
in the food storage well I bottle my own
Tomatoes and I like them better so I use
those all the time and I never use my
canned tomatoes and so I only buy what I
need to go in there because then they'll
just expire as a waste whatever so I
also want to show you an app that I use
on my phone that I think you are going
to love because I loved it when I found
out about the app I thought it was
absolute genius here is my phone and the
app is called retail it's basically all
of the weekly ads that get mailed to you
all in one place I like using coupons
but I don't like hunting for coupons I
don't like clipping coupons you get
notifications when your coupon is going
to expire I always go to Walmart and I
price match my stuff so when I need to
buy milk I look through the ass to see
who has the cheapest milk and I write it
on a list or how I used to do it is I
would write
on the list go to Walmart and say you
know Smiths has it for this much or
whatever but instead of like writing
down all the notes everything it all
gets stored in your app what's really
nice is that I don't have to look
through a bunch of papers I can just
have all the stores that I like and it
keeps track of their ad in here and you
flip through the pages just like this
the app saves me time hopefully money so
that is how I got started on my food
storage and that's how I have been able
to keep up my food storage the retail
app is free so I will put the link down
below if you want to check it out the
boys he third they were it was kind of a
combination of everything they were in
Joel's way they started giving her and
they were getting really honoring so
Joel was working downstairs still the
boys got a little tuckered out so I took
their work boots off and I made them
take a nap Cody was a little reluctant
but he was pretty ornery
so he's asleep on one side Boston's
asleep on the other Lincoln is taking a
nap and this house is freezing i bundled
them up in blankets but it's cold I'm
wondering if we might not want to stay
here tonight where we can't flush the
toilets and stuff we'll see we'll see
where the night takes us the kids are
still asleep and I thought you know I'm
gonna make dinner I'm gonna make a bean
soup using my food storage and nope
don't have any gases like all right
we'll do something for dinner and while
the kids sleep I'm gonna help Joel so
I've been grabbing a bunch of the debris
and like two by fours and like all this
stuff put my gloves on thinking I'm
helping Jill out so much I am is in his
way and he's getting annoyed with me and
I said all right I'll just take these
out and I said I'm a last one I am I was
carrying like three of these like things
up the stairs tripped over my shoes fell
up the stairs drop three of the
two-by-fours down the stairs he comes
running over
I'm so sorry I was like I'm sorry I am
just trying to help me well at
least we can go for a walk together
so he picked up the plywood's and we
walked out to the trailer together and
basically he just laughed at me and said
that it was okay and this is our trailer
that's full of job well do you guys
recognize where I am I am at Ellie's
house things got a little crazy over at
my place and I needed to get some
laundry done so I came over did some
laundry and as sadly Ellie and Jared are
not here but she told me she said go to
my house bake your kids and they can use
one of my bath bombs and look how cute
she has it just set out on the counter
and the kids said can we have a lash
bomb because they heard me talking on
the phone so I got a hurry cuz I got a
baby crying oh I don't even want to use
one I should've told me which one was
not her favorite cute
does it smell good those Gucci color has
each little like 50 on it huh yeah can
you believe aunt Ellie let you have one
her back boss she must love you kids are
happy no the baby is happy just now so I
think I'm gonna go ahead and end the
vlog while everyone's still happy today
is the first day that I'm feeling the
real stress of redoing the day I'm
feeling a little bit stressed
hoping that once we can go home get the
kids of bed bundle them up the blankets
we should be good to go so thanks for
watching I'll see you next video bye -
cannons sighs - bye sister
