- I take a negative and pounds I don't
bores or cycle here yep
but you can't touch it okay I'm no big
deal water cycle the little motorcycle
huh yeah don't wanna watch David
Crockett there it has a real good back
but you can't touch this the hardware
boards the finger oh no you'll cry again
and I'll get a little wiping right there
right okay get your boots on Boston get
your boots on right yeah get your boots
on
where are you gonna go today Zachary's
house you're gonna go to Zachary's house
are you gonna be good boy yes okay my
Romney boy while they babysit you yes
okay don't look we haven't read it yet I
know we'll get you something can you
give me a granola bar yes okay Thank You
booth are you gonna be extra extra good
for Grandma are you gonna be extra good
for Grandma good mommy and if she puts
you down for a nap you take a good nap
okay I can't take a nap later okay well
watch in heaven eight above eleven
eating granola bar so me and Boston need
a good NOLA bar I love you boys I'm
gonna miss you today detail that I mean
sweet boy oh yeah I'm
my top pocket huh I mean the number I
might pocket wait for the brand again
and then um I might pocket okay one more
time
LM known in my pocket you want to love
them in my top pocket you want to number
names in your pocket wait where was it
today is a very special day we are going
first shopping for walk every year my
birthday is either on Thanksgiving the
day before Thanksgiving the day after
Thanksgiving red ran there I love it but
it doesn't leave a whole lot of time for
like birthday stuff so we go shopping
today that's all I ever want to do for
my birthday is just going to town
so we've dispersed the kids um Cody went
with that Tiffany Boston's going with
Grandma my mom and let's say Who am I
missing
olivia is gonna go with Aunt Ellie when
she's done with school yeah when she's
done with school she's gonna go to
Ellie's house oh and of course my little
baby's gonna stay with me I could spend
the day with Lincoln and I don't know if
you guys know this but this is a Griffis
trait what Griffis don't just have
birthdays they have birth months I'm
almost pretty pretty positive it's like
your birthday year-round maybe for like
the one day that I don't know why I get
so excited for my birthday I don't know
why cuz it's pretty like anti-climatic
but I just it's just exciting knowing
it's your birthday oh it's a good excuse
for us to you know
no well honestly I wanted you to have a
relaxing day too because you need a day
to relax - oh this is a nice day it's
nice break from from work from the
remodel from everything just just relax
them take care of my girl oh come on you
beautiful boy oh you're giving a huge
smile he's not smiling at what he was
being so happy and cute we stopped to
get a little bit of breakfast we made it
here to be fashion place mom so this one
is it's huge this place is off mazing
this place is huge
so we're here shopping and I keep
telling Joel I mean have you ever seen
me so self-conscious ever and then like
so deserve Bonnie normally Bonnie's not
as reserved but now she's like I don't
know I don't want it I don't think well
when we went into this I was like we're
gonna spend no more than X amount of
dollars and he was like what I was like
I don't plan on spending that much but
I'm okay spending that much like I have
that much set aside and we get here and
I'm like oh I don't need it all I don't
need it what do I need it almost like I
don't hurt they don't need anything you
well I I'm finding a few nice things I'm
just it's hard I am stuck in between I
don't want to dress like a mom but I
cannot dress like a teenager I'm just
like in that in-between and everything
that I'm finding is really nice and
really like mommy and I crying just
comes with shopping okay just give me a
break I want to dress nice but I'm
worried that you don't want me to look
like a mom but you pick out looks just
fine even though I know that he doesn't
care if I look like a mom because I am a
mom ha mom it's just that this is it's a
tricky transition it's just tricky
you're hot mom and we're not going to be
showing too much because we're doing all
sorts of shopping not doing furloughs
all right my feet have been hurting and
they've been making me claustrophobic
like I'm so hot then I get these boots
off of me so I'm just you know kicking a
barefoot
he's happy
nursing and walking around has made me
feel super posture from it so good doing
it
I know it sounds terrible it's so
convenient yeah it's really nice
I can't wait till food comes I'm so
hungry
look at her cart our cart look at our
life stroller it is smoke oh well you
had him laughing earlier but I don't
think I'll be able to get him to laugh
he likes the bottom lip I know hey you
makes your no I know I won't be able to
get him to laugh he really just wanted
to lay here though he was kidding I
think he's getting sick of being helped
be honest and clean although hopefully
he'll let us keep I love you so much I
wish you guys could smell his breath his
breath is just heaven oh you're looking
right in my eyes
you love your mummy don't you please you
love your mom
he's like sitting here looking at his
hands and playing with his hands he's
learning how to play right jack
see look yep he's like freaking him out
kind of looking at it you are too cute
I told Joel I'm kind of feeling bad
because I give all my love I give my
body my love and my attention to the
baby and I can't have neglected you I
hope that's okay because I just right he
is only gonna be a baby for not that
much longer you know it's what you do
with all the babies baby i'ma take care
of it was a smile like do you notice
mine thank you yes yes oh you're so
super good
I okay roast beef sandwich with french
fries and a juice sauce and my favorite
part is the horseradish like creamy
horseradish and I learned this from
Bonnie's dad as you put a little bit of
horseradish in your ketchup oh man it's
almost as good as surprise sauce but
it's so yummy Olivia I missed you all
day yet you were with that Ellie huh
tell me your favorite part about today
only just good going to school and what
was your favorite okay let me rephrase
the question what was your favorite part
about being at Ali's house watching a
movie did you go into town with her okay
you know what she did she I think your
favorite part I'm gonna tell you what
your favorite part was yeah her favorite
part was riding that really cool bike at
the store with no meals she was Sean
Jackson and oh really the kid of John
you it was she is really cute on it
that's cute
okay let me just see your outfit let me
see your outfit oh you're getting your
tangle teezer
stuck in your skirt K stand up worker um
I don't know if I love it to be honest
no brush like try it brush my hair
dentists it feels good on your scalp ah
but they wanted ease you kind of make it
seem like they're these like I'm not
letting you see the bed in the camera so
I'm trying to be careful um they make
them seem like they're like this amazing
brush it's just a whatever brush it's
just fine
that's what it's supposed to not like
rip at her hair yeah but I think it kind
of does this yeah it kind of pulls and
yeah and it makes your hair super super
super staticky but it's better than
regular clothes yeah I'm sitting here
showing Ellie when I got so I may as
well show you guys too
so I got these to come on Alan and so
this is velvet teddy and this is one
they used to have and they brought back
it's called sweet and sour whoa when I
saw it I was like I'm I knew yeah like
that one I saw best these shirts from
expresso super loose
in pattern no I bought it for the
holidays if we were like a like a black
cardigan oh yeah yeah
I know I like them cuz they're loose so
they don't have a zipper though the
other one I know well I like red one
without a zipper for like to make it a
little less I don't know but I like this
one because it has a zipper but I like
these because they're loose and they
kind of cover my gut and they're just
yeah I like the pattern I do too um
hello it's not like that's an expensive
shirt or any coat you know it's funny I
remember being this age and MA bringing
out the jewelry of grandmas and
everyone's like nice and I was like like
I remember oh well this is Ellie like I
call Olivia Ellie all the time
you're cute okay no take it off but it
made me speechless there's a reason it
was so I don't know I know I don't want
to show you guys cuz I kind of feel like
you're amazing I know they're amazing
I'll have them probably for the rest of
my life where did you just where did you
find them what those are the other
Dillard's and they're Frye boots my foot
is not gonna fit in it but I get yours
you know what they're really hard to get
on oh no not for you how cute are those
I know I was drier so I just like get
your bed please don't
yes I do know that one eyelashes off we
had a fight in the car and I had to show
it who's boss so oh okay now listen you
gotta tell me your favorite part about
today's or about that Greek yeah but
what did you do I play showers with Ally
favorite coastal the people haze the
like we can I didn't know how to cook oh
okay I get to bike come here what did
you like about today ah-ha what did you
do in grandma's house my hair tickle you
do play with your little motorcycle
where's an Ellie she left and the rapper
with it what was your favorite part
about today baby boy um I think having
like a day off and spending it with
morning yes I cut oh I'm scared you okay
so he retaliates an anger my favorite
part about today was just being a Joel
nursing my baby and study a lot thank
you guys so much for watching have an
awesome weekend oceanic scarpella
huh little guy
