good morning you guys I got myself ready
I got the kids ready and that was a big
task but I have an even bigger task to
do
Joel went to work and I have to return
the machine that he used to put the beam
in with I don't love driving this suburb
or I don't love taking the trailer
places not be I can drive with it just
fine I can't back up it's like my brain
doesn't know what way to turn the wheel
I'm sure I just need a little more
practice but I've driven it several
times before I can do this my mom drove
a tractor and trailer and like combine
when she was five that's like not even
an exaggeration either anyway I can do
this guys come on out of the tree let's
go I don't know what you're talking
about let's go let's go get in the car
okay bye successful drop-off of the tool
successful drop off of the trailer
successful Sam's Club trip there is my
risky thank you this was awesome thank
you can you believe I went to Sam's Club
by myself with the kids we are awesome
so we got a chicken and bread at Sam's
Club it's the most simple lunch but it
always tastes so good so we're waiting
for the boys to wake up from their nap
or just having some lunch and seriously
I want a flippin mama Roo
he loves this thing he loves it he's so
happy in it you should take it and you
might know what are you kidding you
could you should use it cuz no
Cosmodrome over and he doesn't use it as
much you should just do it just follow
Joel to the construction that might get
me know he loves oh look at him
he's like mmm this feels expensive Isis
very needy babies like it Jackson wasn't
needy didn't like it but Calvin's needy
and loved up it's it's amazing I can't
feed your who's your mom is here yeah
but if she was God I would I would I
would beat you so angry
oh okay Oh walking you tells me to get
your
I've seen as mom does it feed me I
better do it he's a hottie to you you
like start crying and looked at me like
okay I'll give you two okay Austin you
put this Annie there's one catch a
sticker no you cannot choose a shirt
open it okay everyone lift your finger
look your finger my finger and just once
just once just once Olivia
just once you can't send us a picture of
it
so you have to count these so you dug
this length so count with me
why okay do a little Boston to you
three perfect hey Perce maker for
Jackson Jackson get up here count with
me
no can you get out rowdy - yes hold on
we have to be quiet cause babies are
sleeping okay Austin so the kids are
helping me to eat these cookies and we
were telling them in Jersey because when
I was little I got my fingers stuck
inside the feeders and all right you
must see my Ally yeah when he got stuck
you carry I'll show you check right it
was time to clean up our cookie mess
they're gonna watch a little movie
hopefully the babies keep sleeping
because I do not want them to wake up
yes they have and now we have our
Messick Rena and these have to sit in
the fridge Ellie has a video on these
and I'll put the link down
because I know tons of people have been
wanting to know about these cookies
because they are the best know chewy
their little eyes are amazing yes okay
you guys got to get your shoes on I am
showing bone and Emily our new basement
and you guys haven't seen even the way
the most updated way that it looks oh I
have to get my laundry off the floor
hold on take the baby by the table
waiting to take the camera you're all
totally underwear to carry good oh my
gosh wow that is what do you do is crazy
okay so last night they finished taking
out the temporary wall so now it goes
from wall to new wall so oh my gosh
so has chilled on all of us himself yeah
so far yes yeah you're gonna dad hire
any so he'll be able to some young to
pay for something into mm-hmm
we're gonna hire someone to do the
sheetrock okay but oh so dad came up
last night you can see like oh you made
dad lazy Visia yep he made dad sign it
that's cuz he came and helped put the
beam up and it was very scary and at one
point one of these pipes burst it and
water was shooting everywhere yes it was
scary
well cuz we didn't know if it was gas or
water so we were like oh oh my goodness
herpy Henry luckily fell to be able to
turn it off and it wasn't very quickly
they just grabbed it did something mom
grab the kids and booked it upstairs
because when the pipe went off one of
the walls kind of shifted and the beam
was like kind of moving and we were very
scared so mom booked it upstairs with
the kids and dad and Joel somehow turn
the water off I don't know my gosh yeah
crazy that makes it so much bigger yes
yeah
as so this furnace we have someone
coming on I think Wednesday or something
to move the furnace and the water heater
over okay so that this will all be gone
too so this will all be open still yeah
yeah so that will all be moved so this
will just be one solid opening right
here where you put your TV somewhere on
the wall what are you doing are you
playing upside down Jackson didn't get
the memo
okay are you upside down you're too cute
you already know you're cute huh yeah
she shakes her head yes go to mama no
you're good eat your basement what did
you make those by yourself I love them
they're beautiful I send that ones your
bracelet and it's green nice one
nighttime exciting love it do you know
what does it mine I watched you on your
videos do you know that I want you in
their videos yeah whenever I was one of
them you were sad yeah can I kiss my
daddy oh my oh my candy bar and my ring
and missoula drunk and make friends and
and my peeper and I cannot believe Bank
bags oh my word
I saw you when you were walking going on
a walk with your daddy and she was
showing me this she was throwing and she
just slapped Jackson she just left him
by accident that was wrong
my ball remember my countryman midnight
mm and I know I will just wanna say come
to me I can't believe she just loved
Jackson that was a fire yeah it is time
to take Ellie home why but the kids are
all driving us crazy the kids are going
a little bit nuts I feel a little bit
nuts so we are going to end the vlog I'm
going to take Kelly home and then I'm
gonna put my kids to bed so say good
night Olivia
barri
thanks for watching you guys we'll see
you in our next video bye
