did he just - you're a good sissy this
little man broke one of daddy's tools
it's kind of throwing a fit so what did
I put you on a blanket to play with what
are you playing with the tractor what do
you like about this chapter and every
day I like the attractive you think
Debbie would like that tractor I think
here let's clean that nose off yeah
that's better
okay that's your trailer and the train
that goes on the tractor now show me the
bowl let me see
Oh Airy he's no steering he's not scary
he's really he's nummy okay
well that's ironic is he white what hey
hey when the Y quiet really show me the
other animals whatever animals are there
what is that horsey oh this one oh no
what is that one I Cal hey don't put the
new Mouse gloves well yeah and you don't
want to ruin your nice little toys look
kind of set yourself up in your barn and
you set your stuff up in your barn well
the moment has arrived we have started
taking down this load-bearing wall and
got my other walls up these are my
artificial walls but I gotta say I was I
was pretty nervous to start cutting into
those
and I just felt like probably should
stop analyze what I'm doing and and I
felt like I needed maybe just to make
sure I'm if I'm feeling any promptings
or anything like that I need to be aware
so note the outset a little prayer and
and I felt good taking that wall down
but it just felt good to know that I I
can be watched over there's a lot of
dust in the air so my eyes are getting a
little bit a little bit watery from the
dust but we're almost there we're
getting there we're gonna have this
project done soon this is this new right
here no way okay so I think that his
total buying is a lot like my makeup
buying I would never know when he has
new tools and he never knows when I have
new makeup or new eyelashes or lip gloss
or new hair stuff you're kind of sneaky
aren't ya do you love looking at this
face worth it then we mean that's our
new wall that's gonna be our new wall I
I mean looking side to side you can see
where the original wall is all the way
back here is the new wall I'm trying to
think of the word temporary what
temporary while they're trying to
manhandle Boston and get him in the
swing
he's just sitting like a dud oh that's
really sad oh good job Olivia
oh my gosh that's so funny oh she's
funny and he's heavy
oh crap bucket trying okay I'm coming
this morning I dusted and I sat in that
chair like I always do nursing the baby
and I could see this like cloud of dust
coming through the house as Joel was
working it was insane and I ha I dusted
these this morning and this just shows
you how like you can well maybe that was
kind of lame but it's really dusty you
can just see there's a film of dust
through my oh yeah you can see it
through my entire house which is totally
normal and totally fine I'm just saying
my gosh it is a messy ordeal my dad is
on his way with my mom and they are
gonna help us put the beam up it was
really nice he volunteered he called and
he said we'd like to come up and you
know help you or just visit and I said
ah you can help so I'm excited for my
dad to get here this is how we're gonna
get dinner because I don't want to clean
up after plates and dish you wanna get a
rocket ship I already killed
yeah and the reason also is because I
don't want to unloading at the table I
don't want to clean up faces let my only
dad you guys how to do a good motorcycle
mama doesn't really know how to do one
you little monkey eat your food because
our house is such a big huge mess I
don't want to clean up more messes than
I have I got monkey you're not a monkey
are you a pinky
Lena uh yeah we're gonna cut all of your
guys's nails coming up all the way all
going on no we're just gonna trim just
the ends now Boston and Cody do we put
our fingers in our mouth no all new
Tigers put their fingers in their mouths
yeah oh wait baby right mommy
right yeah yep bacon kid right money man
Oh stirs can put their fingers in their
mouths do nice little boys yeah wants
dinner you're gonna bite your nails okay
and when you go to sleep at night if you
start right here now so go fight my
girls right right
what a right husband said I won't bite
my nails
yeah there's no monsters in your room
just just happy boys you either play big
airplanes happy poison or no no no
crying no oh and you go to bed and when
you wake up in the middle of the night I
don't want you to cry well I'm gonna
clip your nails now trade spots no I'm
out there busting Jimmy
they can't let me go in okay so okay now
you just hold still
I want you to Bobby you okay Bobby don't
put your fingers in his mouth
okay cuz we don't want Lincoln biting
your nose to nummy-nummy pretty Thanks
when coming here true
you do I like this shirt I've had it for
a long long time I was gonna say I kind
of think I've seen it but I love it kids
are gonna sit here with Grandma
out of the way meet Warren I know I know
where's dad
now Joel said he's like oh I could
probably do this myself none I thought
no I don't think so
I hope so whoops
Tom Silva use this thing on this old
house like two weeks ago really wait
right off that no everything will flex
over Jax are at the end we would much
rather break a house ah break a wall
break anything except for I don't want
you guys broken
I mean doesn't this make you nervous
well I don't know how much more work
these boys have to do Ellie and Jared
stopped by to say hi today's our
anniversary and they had a baby sir so
they wanted to stop by and say hello
which is what we do we get babysitters
and we go say hi to our sisters so I
think for the most part they have this
kind of buttoned up I'm glad dad came
are you yeah they're working they're
working they're busy if boston's and
they're inches upset huh he can hear
what's going on that hair and I think
one of the kids said Ellie is Ellie here
Jared they know us well yes so we are
going to say good night and we'll see
you guys in our next video I think this
one I even might be an extra maybe I'll
have to cut that part out we will see
you guys in our next video bye guys
it's your anniversary you can do it you
want want one on that nose yes
