I am feeling lucky today was so
jam-packed full of work I have just been
working like crazy I can't believe the
night is actually over I got all of the
things done that I needed to Joel is
still at work I didn't however get a
chance to come into town and there was a
few things I've really been needing to
UM get and to look at and so I am here a
Hobby Lobby all by myself can you
believe it I called a little babysitter
and she is so good she just comes
whenever I need her she's so good just
to always yeah I'm a little like
wondering if people are looking at me as
I walk in I'm gonna pretend that I'm not
anyway she's really good to just come
over when I need her and I just feel
like I feels like I'm antsy that I get
to be out and about without the kids
these are what I came to get geek 50%
off yes
we got everything cleaned out of the
kids rooms everything it which was such
a hassle if we would have known that we
were redoing the basement we would have
done things a little bit differently but
we really have kind of started doing
this basement spur-of-the-moment we just
decided let's just get this done anyway
with that being said the carpet guys are
downstairs they're laying our carpet and
I couldn't be more excited I'm nervous I
told the guy I said I just I'm nervous
that the carpet is gonna scratch like
floorboards scratch walls things like
that any kind of laughed I said are you
laughing because that's like duh you're
not gonna do that he goes well I'm kind
of laughing cuz it kind of just happens
I'm like this basement is just in
shambles so it's just a little crazy so
tonight
like right when Joel gets home from work
we are going to get everything put back
in the kids room so that at least the
kids room is completely done Joel told
me he's like if you can just keep the
upstairs nice and clean while the
basement is demolished he will feel
better and be able to feel like he can
breathe so that's my job
trying to do it about your milk and you
got your hair done
yeah I love you I make it who else to
mow your ad you'll be like what about
Russia lately not so we're a kid you
love daddy
no I burp
cheesy excuse me this job
how come your face is so dirty yeah cuz
you're eating cookies cookies a milk
that's how we were all mommy left poachy
we love cookies don't me your face is
soup I really love towel it's pink
Boston who do you love more grandma or
grandpa no that's not finished and we
can't answer okay what's your answer
okay grandpa comfrey copper cap ready
yeah so what if I'm getting a little
excited over there not excited let her
paint it I don't the guy that's laying
carpet is seriously is really cool
rainbow are you excited to vacuum it um
yeah I'm excited about you MIT that's
what I want to do right now I want to
get in and I want to vacuum it I didn't
record when do you learn good enough to
be on the carpet you know I like ah yeah
yeah right we have an expensive vacuum I
didn't record while the guys were here
it was too hectic and I didn't want to
be in their way so I just let them do
their thing but oh let me scan back so
they can see that have another carpet I
don't know if you can see it does it oh
there it goes it might look a little
funny on camera you can't quite tell
it's got a
the squared pattern to it I really did
want a patterned carpet it's beautiful
it's such a good job laying it and I can
tell because this wall is nowhere near
straight the house not really old so if
no way that wall is straight but the
pattern lines are straight with the wall
you did a really good job laying this
apartment you're so beautiful
trying to lay on the new clean carpet
bed no I was looking at him on you and
you look so cute yes the carpet guy was
hot but I think you're hotter
won't you come find me here and blanket
into a slingshot so you have a bobby pin
and you want a hairband yeah let me tell
LT make me a slingshot who opted to make
me a slingshot oh oh oh sure you want a
sword sure sure
a shoe here a shooter shower chiller hey
what do you guys want for Christmas I
don't have a slingshot controller truck
and I mean that's trailer a
remote-control truck that's what you
want no what did car Oh a pocketknife
with blades what Cody you're too little
for a pocketknife oh it's tough pillow
get me one just gonna play off are you
gonna you want Santa Claus to bring you
a pocketknife yeah because I want want
is a daddy just like out with teeny ones
Oh dad has a little one and you want one
like it yes hmm do you think Santa will
bring you one yeah I don't know about
that honey
thank you little for a pocket
guess we'll see chapter you want Santa
Claus to bring you a tractor oh hey your
carpet carpet shoes see what this room
looks like oh it smells so good in here
if you take a really good nap I'm gonna
get all of Daddy's trucks and bring them
in here and you can break tractors in
here quick absolutely yes they are
okay roll over and I'll scratch your
back you hit your face with the tractor
didn't you boy that left an owie didn't
it oh yeah
no Lincoln's not gonna stay in here I'm
gonna take him with me when I go you
can't go I'm not gonna go I'm just when
I close your door and when you take a
nap okay okay I have to close your door
in here when you're done taking your nap
you can have the tractors in here okay
okay
what this he is that silly hey roll over
roll over John your tummy get on your
tummy
now listen let your head down I'm gonna
scratch your back don't say one word
when I get up and leave you just lay
quietly and go to sleep okay
take close race Hey
Hey yeah nope roll over and close your
eyes
you can have daddy when you can win your
wake up from your nap again okay close
your eyes yep that's what he does with
his arms
do you like laying on your arms Kate lay
on your arms what do you think
a typical six-year-olds reaction oh my
gosh Olivia I was so unbelievably
shocked that she liked the color of her
walls she didn't complain she had cried
ships
not only did Joel get too old but he
just came in with a puppy dog look on
this you got another two and this one is
more expensive see we like caves on
mental I like hard shell cases and
dEWALT's normally come with it but that
one I liked all brands so it's a Dewalt
case they're good toolbox well the
amount of money that you save us in
labor costs that's nothing
so I guess it's okay you inherited your
daddy stinky feet sweaty fee is why
shouldn't your feet don't smell they
just are sweaty the kids are playing
whoo-hoo oh are you gonna go hug dad
yeah I don't know how the guns gonna
help but you'll find a way you've always
need a gun we are
Cody Cody still with the wall we're
getting Hyrum cleaned out pretty well
because John's going to what start
building your artificial wall we have
the kids and stuff back in their rooms
and I like I can't this is unreal to us
we cannot believe that we have nice
carpet
we have never in our married lives had
nice carpet so the rooms are pretty well
put back together and I will give you
guys a room tour of Olivia's room soon I
don't have her bedding put on her bed
yet or anything else that's about what I
knew that was about to happen but it's
either love and playing get hurt or make
them sit in the corner it's like you're
dying to PJ your giant if you don't you
may as well let them play and get hurt
I'm sure I'm sure we're gonna get a lot
of judgment on this doll old wall new
wall much more space so Joel I'm think
I'm ready for some dinner yeah yummy mmm
should I warm something up from the
fridge or yes hmm construction projects
call for sounds good well then I know my
job for the night I'm gonna find this
something yummy to eat you work just a
little more and then we're gonna watch a
show and go to bed Pam sure that's not a
plan he's gonna keep working small hangy
to build himself lady not because I'm
gonna make him because that's just him
he's just gonna work until he's dead I
can't well I mean that's your new Walt
long no I really can't believe it
the laundry room is gonna be so needle
okay I'm okay with that no I don't need
a huge on oh that's amazing how much
three feet sorry and
right but if you go like the distance it
ends up being like 90 yards 9 square
yards thank you guys so much for
watching see you next video
hi guys hey guys
