when I was young we used to go to corner
44 is what we called it the grow the
corner store and I used to save up my
money and go there and I always
miscalculated and I think I picked out a
whole bunch of candy one time it's windy
I'm sorry I picked out a whole bunch of
candy one time and I didn't have enough
in the guy behind me for all my treat
names give you the dollar oh look look
Cody that one's for you
oh you got a paper cut I give a
white flour why I got a limit yes come
pick your dollar and the guy behind me
in line paid for all my trees anyway
I've gone that store my whole life just
getting trees and my mom she's gonna
take the grandkids she's gonna walk down
she's gonna walk down and take all these
little kids hopefully they're good for
her you gettin the dollar put in your
jacket anyway my mom is gonna take these
kids to go um get a treat at the corner
store I just think you just of her with
this little kid
I hope I hope she's not in over her head
with all the little kids but I bet
they'll be just fine if they know if it
if they know there's treats involved
they'll be okay
it's a long ways to the grocery store or
the corner store when you're walking in
here two legs are only 18 inches tall
what do you do when we get ready to
cross the road you look both ways let's
see okay okay here we go gotta walk
straight okay get up on the sidewalk
keep keep walking keep walking okay keep
walking
keep it comin kids we're just about
there
okay kids we have to talk about the rule
okay okay
see all that candy in there you're not
going to be able to get it all but we
can go in and we can each get a treat
okay okay
Oh
Oh Jackson you dropped two rocks
but what you got is that what you want
okay did you find something well that
was a little bit like herding cats but
we got it done and we are going to get
our little candy sacks and we're going
to go back all right let's get ready
then and go
oh they still have the door yeah let me
see your dollar where you put it in your
pocket right yep how do your no okay -
it's in your back pocket look in your
back pocket take this let's see oh is
this your it is your dollar you can keep
it let's put it back in your back come
here okay there you go
hey grandma taste your drink when I
taste it it's good what you being ha
what is it
it's a beam do you think that's pretty
cool we just picked this well we buy me
by we I mean Joel Joel went down to Salt
Lake and he picked up this steel beam
and this is what is going to support our
new big family room downstairs touch the
motorcycle how come yes oh hi dad
thank you get your finger out of your
nose and go see grandpa Bolivia we turn
the light on
oh yeah yeah yay oh do you think they
can hear me pumping in the background
yeah
we want you to laugh so bad who the rain
is just pouring down there and joel is
out there working no one in this world
works harder than John he's looking at
me it's snowing it's snowing out there
you guys no one you are you already know
this
Joel works harder is this one zoom hold
on I don't want you to do oh yes good
grief
it was zoomed in I'm sure you were
staring at my eyeball um yeah and I may
get peed on cuz I'm changing a diaper
right now and I just had to like capture
it while it was going he works harder
than anyone I know he's amazing and he
doesn't offer is like family
oh this is insane yeah oh we should have
done gone all gonna meet up at the house
and had everybody move daddy man
how would be it's such a good idea what
we could use are you eating the snow was
it hard getting that window out yeah it
would put in really really well well
that's awesome that's good it's doable
really but I got to put it back tonight
do you honestly or can't we just like
tape it off with I guess terror so if
you see it's a sniffle this clean won't
have it no literally can we just tape it
off of this cool and it back in don't
you worry okay good
yeah what do you think you're doing
mister hey what do you think you doing
everybody away from the trailer oh did
you do that I did not expect already
well how much does this tab how much
does this bad boy weigh four hundred
twenty seven pounds Oh about four
hundred fifty pounds oh nice did you
hear the snow hit that and it boys
sizzled at first I thought somebody kept
walking by all night I was like what is
that noise I can't you look back and you
just blinded that people my job is this
the first snowball of this season the
first snowball of this is the first of
all of course back and mommy because
they know I'll kill them mama always
wins you don't mess with funny I don't
know if you guys know this but well he's
got a little I'm a little mean a little
mean alright they didn't even wait for
me they're like going
is it not too bad with everyone helping
Andy you want to be on their video yes
what kids are down there right now okay
I'm going I'm coming yup hold on okay Oh
kids come over this way hey Q stand by
mom come here hurry stand by alright go
stand over this hey you sit right here
and we'll watch hi Zachary Oh go open
that door did you open that door Jeffrey
oh if we need to open it we can go
through that door okay
well he measured it and you should be
able to go all the way to the end
hey Joel I have someone come in here
Jeffrey good boy me I don't care hahaha
you're like I don't really care what you
say I'm holding a heavy beam right now
right no come in this is all gonna be
replaced good feeling yes it is he's
kind of heavy right here well
we maybe expand their focus and down
come no that's fine with me
oh yes I got time oh I'm so proud of
these okay girls are you down on the
ground okay so no one loves one oh she
brought some cake oh you guys are so
great
can you slide it yeah so in one of the
last couple videos I showed you pepper
and pepper belongs to Jeff as you show
browning y'all sorry
thank Tiffany and this is Joel's oh
brother
yes so I successfully got the beam in
the kids are playing tip he's an amazing
Baker and she made brownies or just
enjoy each other's company
yes so we'll see you guys my next video
thanks for watching like and like hey
like her
