looks like a blank it looks like it's
snow pile work for me keep it goin guys
hey bird there's a bird yeah there's a
cow in our yard what are you gonna trick
me with Boston he will control it it's
frozen okay what about you by happy this
morning now he's a little fussy no just
wants me to hold him he does not work I
wish she did I really wish
Olivia never liked because he won't okay
well it is Saturday morning everybody's
home for the weekend we are making some
hot chocolate with our tea kettle seems
to be a real winner here is hot
chocolate so we're gonna make that have
a good breakfast and he was sucking on
his hand his whole fist was like wet
okay he didn't make much noise today at
all well I was waiting for him so before
I could like barely hear him so I just
gone up to see them he is what almost
three months old yeah just about no till
17th is two and a half months old
you know stinky breath I don't want to
smell your breath I don't want to smell
your breath
huh let me see your alley
turn around yeah you fell down yesterday
and hit your head hard didn't check yeah
let me see your elbow before you get too
crazy and gung ho down here I have to
have an official before of this laundry
room
I know okay so go back official before
so I hope you're all jealous okay hold
on I got a span the whole room because
there's a wall here and there is this
walk-in dungeon back here it goes even
further back and this wall right here is
not going to be here
my poor beauty wall and this wall came
that's the span of the room that's our
before Joel make me an after
it's it broken yeah
so where's the movie I say he was so sad
he kept saying where's it wound II they
are so upset guys look you know what we
put the TV just over here on the floor
for now and then when we build our new
wall that will not be going back up on
it finally part ways that for a long
time I know do you want to know I don't
I don't necessarily want to get rid of
that TV I love it I mean it's gonna be
amazing when we have like a nice new TV
but that's kind of sad this is one of my
absolute favorite toys from when I was
little it's a take a tape along let me
show you what it is I know the books
during all the books are with our books
it came with the tapes and the books and
we would read them along with them and
it literally was my favorite when John I
first moved in to this house he got laid
off and we were bored and we decided
this used to just have a bunch of
shelves in it and we had a little extra
carpet that was just here in the house
and we moved in and so we ripped out
what was in here we painted it we put
carpet in it and we just let it be the
kids toy closet and I
this is really sad to get rid of it all
right this is sad we're getting rid of
the kids a little toy closet we're going
through toys right now and this is a
hard time this is a hard time for the
kids because we're kind of sorting
through our toys and it's kind of hard
so here is the original wall I've got to
get my before pictures so we can have
good before and after this remodels hard
on Olivia don't have : better than to
leave like a hole in the wall like a
secret passageway to the laundry room
like hey that was our laundry bin right
in there you know good this is for Cody
he's scaring me
does this drive you nuts having a son
here and then I got a chase Romeo take
me kids upstairs Boston I sense you did
do that no you're in here sweeping like
a madwoman
are you working that's for sure all
right the kids got a little crazy inside
and a little in the way so we kicked
them all outside Boston did you build
that leaf pile for him
Wow it's okay code it's okay we'll make
it bigger Boston you're loving life you
are loving life aren't you
good job you guys you want me to go get
my shoes on
why are your eyes gonna stay Billy Oh
son all right everybody I am neck deep
into our basement remodel and I did get
a new tool with Olivia's remodel and I
got one with Cody's bedroom and when we
did our bedroom and I've just you just
do that when you do a remodel budget for
a new tool that'll help you with that
remodel oh my Anna I have tuft through
every single project we've done with an
old old junky battery-powered one that
it's just not good enough anymore so
Vaughn said to go get this one she even
told me you go get it
so what a sweetie we are taking a lunch
break good old peanut butter and honey
sandwiches the kids are sitting here
watching nacho nutshell be way look at
our wall guys this is happening I cannot
believe that let me scoot back so you
can see yes good thing the kids have
shoes on um I don't know if I pick in
quite up hold on hold on hold on let me
get back I don't know if you can really
tell but it's gonna be huge all right a
lot of work later this is what we are
left with this is what it looks like
from the other side kind of crazy how
open it feels John I'm here and I
restaurant terminals elements we had the
kids down for bed got a babysitter and
art dinner is ready weird artists we're
famished we are famished but first I
wanted to say thank you guys for the
positive feedback that we got you guys
left amazing comments on our last video
so again thank you for the positive
comments because now I know that I can
continue to put up what I genuinely feel
so thanks again for being so amazing we
love you guys and I'll see you next
video guys back up again trav again
ma'am again Fermi Boston got enema gear
it is freezing outside and my milk just
came in and it is not a good feeling the
cold makes the milk coming in um No
so is that like a milkshake now cuz it's
cold no you're cut out I'm well that's
getting it it
