many of you guys might not know that
when I very first started YouTube I
thought I was going to be a makeup guru
when I first started because I watched
these beauty girls and they're amazing
and I love watching them but as I
started doing videos I kind of realized
that that was just not quite my niche
maybe and my viewers you guys liked
seeing my family vlogs a little bit more
than you did the makeup videos so I kind
of think that I will be doing makeup
videos at random because I like to do
them and I think my approach to them is
going to be a little bit different when
I first started them I wanted them to
look like Jaclyn Hills music videos
because she is Queen and that's just not
gonna be the case I need to just be me
so I'm going to do a makeup video today
and I'm just gonna do it for you I'm not
going to put on a show I'm just going to
put my makeup on a lot of you have
requested this fall makeup look that
I've been wearing a lot lately
so that is what I'm gonna do today
I usually start with Foundation and I
always mix two different foundations
just to get my exact color because a lot
of foundations come very yellow or very
pink it's hard to find a neutral and so
I've been using the born this way in
porcelain which is still a teeny bit
yellow and so I add in a little bit of
the lightest shade of L'Oreal True Match
because that gives me it gives me away
from that yellowish color that I don't
like and that helps it to match my exact
color on my neck and I always match my
foundation to my neck because my face is
super red so I mix a little bit on the
back of my hand
and I start stippling it all over my
face as you can see from when I was
introducing the video my face now
matches my neck very well I think next
I'm going to use concealer for under my
eyes and you can see I did this i right
here and I'm going to do this side now
routinely I take my studio finish
concealer in the lightest shade they
have I go straight down the side of my
nose and up towards my temple and use my
finger to Pat that in whatever is left
over on my finger I will down just a
little bit right here on my chin and
straight up my nose right here just so I
don't look like I have raccoon eyes
under my eyes it just balances the rest
of my face out so with contouring it is
very hard to find a color that I liked
and Smashbox has these contour sticks
they have a highlight of bronze in the
contour stick I don't like the shade of
the highlight I don't love the shade of
the bronzer but I love the contour stick
so once I have that blended out I want
to make sure that there's no funny lines
or anything so I'll take my original
foundation brush and I'll just go
through and soften corners and I always
do it right here around my mouth because
that's where it can look funny and like
pictures and stuff so to make sure that
my under
don't crease I do like to set my under
eyes with a setting powder and for a
long time I've used the Mac mineralize
skinfinish in the lightest shade that
they have for me since my skin is so dry
that is the only place that I will
powder my absolute favorite blush that I
have been using is a Tarte blush and
it's called prim prim printer it's
called prim and it is a brownie kind of
purply color and I like it because it is
the perfect shade for fall so what I
like to do I've always had a hard time
doing my blush sorry I just ran up the
stairs I was checking on the kids are
taking a nap and I just realized how out
of breath I am but I could just get I
load up my brush knock off the excess
and blush is a hard thing to learn what
looks good on your face shape so it
really just takes practice I used to
wear it just on the apples of my cheeks
I used to wear it you know kind of high
up on my cheeks it's just taking me a
while to figure out how I like to do it
so I like to do the kissy face and kind
of go somewhere in between all of that
it really just takes practice I've gone
through some pretty ugly blush stages
and if you go overboard I take my
original foundation brush again and you
just blot it around and it helps to
blend I don't like my blush to come too
close to my mouth and it really does
help this is probably the best tip I
could tell you for the whole video is
that when you're done with the process
go back and blend with your foundation
brush and it just that's what makes I
feel like that's what makes my makeup
look flawless so now that my face is all
taken care of
I'm going to do my lipstick next and the
reason I'm gonna do my lipstick next is
because if this is the only thing that I
get to the only thing that I have time
to do then I'm fine if I can get to this
stage
I am good so the lipstick that I've been
wearing that had a lot of questions
about is this is a color I would never
probably have picked out for myself it's
kind of a brownie color the name of it
is 1995 by Gerard cosmetics and it is
totally the color that people wore in
the 90s and I think it's a really pretty
color I don't usually wear it on its own
so you can see on its own it kinda
reminds me of a grandma color so I
always will take myth by Mac it's a
super light color and I'll go over the
top and it is the perfect color for fall
for my eyebrows I like to take of course
the Anastasia Beverly Hills brow Wiz
pencil in soft Brown and I draw my line
in on the bottom of my eyebrow and then
I will go across the top of my eyebrow
and then I'll go ahead and fill in just
the tail end of my brow with the darker
color once I'm done with the tail end of
my brow I will take a lighter shade in
taupe and lightly very lightly fill in
the front end of my brow if you've gone
too far
take your foundation brush and lightly
blot it at the front of your eyebrow to
soften it since I had Lincoln I have not
had the time to do my eye shadow so I
really haven't been wearing eye shadow
but the look that you guys requested was
when I was wearing some and so the first
thing that I do when I'm doing my eye
shadow is I prime it with concealer and
I always do this if I'm going to wear
eye shadow I can seal my eyelids mostly
because it makes the eye shadow look
better and it helps it not to crease and
it really does make a difference I just
used Mac Pro Longwear concealer not all
concealer will help your eyelid shadow
to not crease but that one really does
work so I'm going to be taking some
makeup geek eyeshadows so the first
color you take is right here in the
middle and it's called creme brulee and
I'm using a fluffy brush and I'm just
going to sweep it into
the crease of my eye whenever I do
makeup videos I have to cut out half of
the time that I spend blending because
that's the part that takes forever and
if I didn't cut out the time that I
spent blending then you would be
watching a 20-minute video it would be
like a 40-minute video so I usually cut
out the time that it takes with blending
if you want it to look that flawless
seamless you just spend time blending
that's just how it is and I kind of been
taking this first color that I'm using a
little higher a little lower but mostly
staying in the crease and if you don't
have one you're spend time mostly where
your crease
would be or where you want the crease to
be so I'd go a little high a little low
this is the part that takes the longest
and the more you do it the better it's
gonna look I'm gonna take a smaller
blending brush and use frappe and Coco
Barrett I'm just gonna dip my brush into
both of those two I'm gonna take that
brush and I'm gonna stay just a little
lower than I had my first color so I
won't go as high so I'll just get it in
there and swirl it around staying just a
little lower than I did with the first
one I'm gonna take my first blending
brush and go over the top to make sure
that there's no lines and I'm purposely
leaving in all this blending I know it
might be a little boring but if you
watch people and they cut out all the
blending it's like well hey they only
took two seconds to slap on their
eyeshadow and it looks perfect well they
didn't take two seconds it took forever
and they just didn't keep it in there
for time purposes you know what I mean
at least that's how I feel I'm like that
totally took them two seconds it takes
me forever and if you want you can add
it to your lower lash line I don't
usually wear too much eyeshadow on my
lower lash line because I have dark
circles under my eyes and I feel like I
just don't want any dark underneath my
eyes but sometimes I will so there you
go okay using a small little brush I'm
going to take some highlighter this is
mary lou manizer by the balm and I'm
gonna stick it in the corner of my eye
and a little bit onto my lid and I'm
gonna take that same highlighter when
I'm done and go along the top of my
cheeks my highlighter is probably my
favorite thing I wear it every day
even though you probably should wear
highlighter on likes more special
occasions I like to wear it every day
every day is a special occasion
I went ahead and I put on my eyelashes
and my mascara I usually don't put
mascara on my bottom eyelashes and so I
didn't today and I am wearing the Ardell
wispy lashes they're cheaper lash you
can find them I think at Walmart it
feels so good to sit down and do this
makeup video I am so glad that I made it
with the kids still asleep both boys
Boston and Lincoln are still taking
their naps Cody is happy eating as
Halloween candy and watching a movie so
I feel full up and good I hope you guys
have a really good day and I'll see you
in my next video bye guys
so that is the knot so don't say so so
that is how do you end it this is a lot
of the times how I've been doing you
can't let this makeup go to waste I'm
going to take the kids to Walmart
