 honey 8 you guys who did you take
his sucker
honey that was upstairs no I'm going
first
lay down let's the change it over first
lady you down and then we'll choose
tougher Olivia come here my working he
loves o shoot him hurt
okay so last time I was sleeping I
didn't really get anything from the
tooth fairy's come because there was
something not good and I try so hard and
then so you were having trouble sleeping
and you probably scared out the tooth
fairy huh yeah and baby I could sleep so
that's what happens I can't sleep and
this time I add normally and I was
sleeping
and finally my wish can come true
I go already
and I got to 154 and what was this
wonderful like a gold why nobody quarter
Wow
guess what I'm having a long day bye
Hannah Hannah Wow very potent right
cheese name is mine
what can I can't own living
good morning good morning it's great to
stay up late good morning good morning
to you we are working on the ladies room
we are almost done in this room we are
getting ready to paint and you're not
going to be able to be in here with us
while Joel is painting because he's
spraying it and it will get everywhere
so everything is taped off and he is
about tonight is enabling the rappers
like any dissipater
you were putting holes in the paper a
good job is that how you were doing it
Wow okay let there be loved I am so
excited for this room to be painted I
went to Hobby Lobby thanks to all your
suggestions on Instagram because I was
able to find the filigree the filigree
picture frames is what I was looking for
so I found them and they're gonna go on
this wall over here and I cannot wait
this is gonna German filigree are you
copying my dad don't you ever say that
word again look you said I can stuff up
don't you ever see filigree yeah when we
were a little we wouldn't we had
caboodles me and Julie me with rules
yeah we'd put our makeup in our
Kaboodle's and my dad was it don't you
ever say that word again do you hear
that noise that's daddy he's painting
yep he's painting and it's gonna look
good when he's done yeah why do you like
your brother can you so cute cuz you're
so cute and boy did I gather dates and
when when I I'd give this to count on my
time show me
value should be one children just by
Kathleen gage I'm gonna do that David
okay my smile he doesn't quite smile or
laugh quite as much does he yeah but he
can smile mm-hmm he hasn't left yet but
he will
Joel and Jared are being so thoughtful
to us they think that because Ellie and
I we don't usually just drop the kids
and leave them with them um they uh they
are going to let Ellie and I go get
pedicures today which I feel kind of bad
be oh where did you get that let me see
that hey honey bunny no no that's not
funny
you stay off the counter no it's not
funny they're letting us go get
pedicures and I'm so excited I feel
guilty that way and got my nails done
this morning um because I'm not going
out twice today I was only gone for not
very long this morning but um I'm really
excited my hope that Jared and Joel have
fun playing with the kids while I'm gone
yesterday we got the white trim and the
ceiling all painted and now we are about
to paint the color in Olivia's room I
hope we can make huge progress in the
room today
hey Pat I'm not really sure why it looks
so blue on the wall I don't love it
but I'm not going to go through all the
hassle of changing it I don't care I
think it's going to be fine you don't
see a green in it the way you do in like
the what's a cost the swatches my stuff
it fell back is I think Olivia's gonna
hate it and that's what I feel bad about
I'd go bad because it's a lot of work
and it really stinks when you put a lot
of work into something it doesn't turn
out quite the way you want it to but I
think the room is still may look really
pretty when we get her pretty bedding in
here and stuff we'll see I guess so we
got the painting done today and we are
just mostly done with the room we have
the carpet guy all scheduled so he
should be coming and ever everything
right now is such a huge disaster I mean
me look at me I am a hot sticky mess and
we've gotten rid of the desk we got rid
of the couch someone's coming to get the
treadmill tonight because we are now
starting another project and I don't
know if we should even be doing this but
this whole wall right here we are going
to move it back how much is like 4 feet
Joel probably about 4 feet yes it is a
load-bearing wall so we have to engineer
a beam to
oh there but I think it's gonna be
really worth it in the end so right now
joel is ripping oh my gosh he is these
projects might be the death of me and
he's ripping into this wall just to kind
of look at some stuff really know what
he's doing it's gonna be really awesome
when it's done this house is gonna be
amazing when it's done it's just so much
work it's just so much great and I'm not
even the one I'm not even the one that's
doing the work I mean I help just the
Intuos a little bit I keep stuff clean
and out of your way oh yeah oh yeah it
it takes both of us it's a lot of work
though fun no no is it fun yeah it's
sometimes it's stressful thinking about
everything bad thing it's good okay I'm
not gonna lie today has kind of kicked
our butts and Joel's over there nodding
his head yes showing nodding your head
yes Joel put the camera on you and not
yeah my mouth is full but yes we've had
a rough day lot of work getting done but
a little bit rough of the day well I was
trying if if you'll notice the footage
really sucks today and it's because we
haven't been in good moods and I just
thought well I'm just gonna show what
we're doing and I won't show us fighting
and basically all we did today was right
and last night we went to bed mad and oh
I hate those days and we basically
didn't talk a whole lot today and um
except for about the necessar yes oh
yeah necessary things we only talked if
we had to and how good it would take job
I did I may have yelled at him for his
tape job in the bedroom and he may have
ran into me a few times when he was
painting and didn't say sorry you know I
love you Oh anyway
it's just been one of those days and I
thought that I could record through it
and like fake my way through the day and
that's just not I just couldn't do it I
just couldn't do it and so tonight Joel
came up after we got the kids in bed I
was feeding Lincoln and I just said I
said we don't have to talk let's just go
to bed and so Joel grabbed his car keys
and he left and I started doing the ugly
cry like whooping everything and I was
just so upset like I don't know
truthfully John I kind of fight a lot we
we are so happy together but we kind of
fight a lot I don't know I like there's
no one this worked for and people
there's no one that's more perfect for
each other than Joel and I it but we
also fight a lot anyway he just takes
off so I'm here bawling nursing a baby
just yelling out loud I can't do this I
can't take care of a baby anymore I
can't fight I can't remodel my basement
I can't do this anymore
and then Joel shows up like 20 minutes
later with dinner literally our favorite
dinner and when I'm mad I don't eat
dinner and and I didn't want me to go to
bed without eating and so what Oh
my batter is flat - he's warning me I'll
show what you did my batters anyway Joel
got us dinner and I'm very grateful
because I don't want to go to bed upset
and I feel so ridiculous vlogging this
but this is just one of those vlogs so
I'm sorry that this would kind of stinks
it'll be better next time and we won't
be fighting next time okay I love you
Joe if you're fighting with your spouse
just say sorry whether it's your fault
or not gonna tell your spouse they're
sorry
Joely hmm say good night because I am
going to take this
baby to bed bye big guy good night
everybody
well guys you go have a good night
