okay pardon the way I look this morning
I literally just woke up and I was up
all night sick but we're having a very
important breakfast discussion and I
thought I would share with you guys
apparently the boys were joking about
somebody at Walmart of course and oh is
it McDonald's and Cody learned the term
daddy at school and they were talking
about Boston being in love with a fatty
spirulina and that's kind of a typical
first grade boy thing so I'm trying to
teach them Cody it's okay I'm not mad
but Cody wanted to know why he has a
skinny butt and why mom has a chubby
butt and and the husband has a chubby
butt
yes I really wanted I really wanted to
enlighten the kids on different body
types Cody wanted to know why when he
grows up he's not gonna have a big butt
and why he is gonna be so skinny and you
know what that answer is Cody you
inherited grandpa Griffiths body and
you're just gonna be just a little
skinny like uncle Bobo and like grandpa
Griffis and that's okay because that's
who you're designed to be you are the
smallest kid in your class but you might
grow tall tall tall in Boston you are
gonna have a chubby butt and you know
who has a chubby butt and your exact
body build this guy that's true you have
what we call a no but my point is and
what I'm trying to teach them is that
everyone has different body types and
that's okay right
and words like fatty that makes people
feel sad and you know what else makes
people feel sad is when people tease
extra skinny people and tell them that
they have
knobby knees
chicken legs guess not grandpa greatness
to this day my dad does not like this oh
my gosh he is making me insane
to this day my dad does not wear shorts
because people teased him for being so
skinny isn't that sad
so it kind of goes both ways I think
sometimes people don't understand that
body shaming and body positivity that
applies for extra skinny and extra
chubby gradually yeah Joel is probably
rolling his eyes at me right now but I
just want to say I just want to kind of
throw that out there
and that's exactly what this brand
represents because it is snowing again
and the kids are entirely sick of
wearing their snow boots the kids are
gonna get to wear their new rain boots
and I am so excited I am so excited I
wish you guys could have seen Lincoln
put his on he was like my boots my boots
they fit me his are so cute in yellow
yeah he was running around the house
he's like they fit me they fit me Cody
has his on are you sure those ones fit
you okay or do you like Boston sighs
better Boston our way there why don't
you a little okay well you know what why
don't you wear those today and we will
change these sizes for a different one
wrong foot yes yep wrong foot I'm such a
sucker for rain boots the kids have had
them ever since they were a little get
your backpack on hurry these particular
boots came from London littles if you
guys want I will have a discount code in
the description for you guys literally I
want to squeeze my feet in those are so
cute go get in the shower Oh
I turned off the water and Lincoln said
what the heck you knew Joel and I just
had a debate we're getting all the kids
bunch of Medicine cuz we went through
all of it this weekend so restocking and
I was going to go for the equate brand
Joel likes to go for the name Rand I
know that it has the same ingredients
but I also know that the strength of the
top ingredient is a little stronger in
name-brand items what do you guys go for
do you go for the name Brad or do you go
for the off Brad the cheaper brand the
store brand also didn't know they have
children's naik well anyway got a little
bit of that we got the try Minich
daytime stuff obviously this and
Children's Tylenol excuse me sorry no no
no no nobody wanted the severe and to be
honest I noticed a night and day
difference when I took yes cold and flu
severe dang that's a good thing I was
here wait a minute hold on I need a big
double check cold and flu okay I don't
have flu what's this one for
sinus okay that is the one that is what
I want all right any other drugs so we
need oh no no sorry I got nyquil do I
know any that go when I tell you that I
was up all night I was up all night hmm
you're up all night is it weird that I'm
like what else kind of I that's kind of
you guys wanted what kind of toothpaste
we use religiously can you show you
because why not there is a Joel crest
baking soda white with peroxide do you
know what kind Joel's mom uses that she
says is pretty stinking good is the pro
health and we did get that kind you just
haven't used it very much they are all
crest which is a Procter & Gamble
Company yeah go Procter & Gamble's let's
go home and drug our kids
I will medicate them no I'm gonna drive
I'm sedate I'm gonna drag them Oh mom
has something for you he'll give it to
me when he sees he's good and ready
these smell situation in this house is
horrid everything I feel like just
smells like no no do you want to know
what stinks I don't know if it's his
pants his shoes or your socks wet right
now yes take them off you are gonna go
get in the bathtub as soon as we're done
with our snack you you stink seriously I
am so serious I have a cold and I didn't
like your putrid you even draw on your
feet let me see your feet you're okay
Cody what that will get on Cody that
will get on the carpet if you write on
the bottom of your feet that will get on
the carpet so don't do that
do you guys see these Cody was begging
me for Lunchables so when we are at the
grocery store today I was like oh so
that is the after-school snack that
we're gonna have today did you get one
but you have to give me your BP thinking
you don't get your snack if you don't
give me your binky
like totally willing to give me a key
I'm gonna have to already on this oh
yeah nobody really feels well oh my
please tell me we bought four one three
what if we didn't get you one Joe I do
not see one oh I swear where is it Joel
where is it I know we bought four to sit
down nice you couldn't pay me to eat a
lunchable that's just a little scary but
here come your doggy so he doesn't get
dirty
oh thank you and you're done you don't
want him to get dirty
let me go put them on your bed for you
okay let me go put them on your bed for
you Boston you walk by us Lincoln's
gonna hold my hand come on you guys look
cute in your boots sneaky
come on stitcher we would like a pitcher
not an underwear stitcher name that
movie if you please
my feet are finally getting back to
normal they still hurt a lot but it is
time for a new pair of running shoes so
shoes
let's go No do not take the ball out of
his hand good heavens
okay let's leave the ball for the dummy
let's go he is a dummy with a no head I
believe the proper terminology is a
mannequin yeah
mannequin not a dummy mannequin just be
a nuisance somewhere else can you get
traffic or something to go play in you
want to make it okay you're gonna help
me we're making a total dad's meal bacon
hash browns and eggs but we're gonna be
the eggs a special way the way that I've
shown Olivia Cody in Boston how to do
Jim okay you gotta help me do a special
thing okay
one for Lincoln one for Kody and one for
Boston Wade oh we're gonna go one two
three
I mean just a Titch of butter a little
salt a little bit of pepper you take the
bread and you drop it in sure then you
crack the egg how's the egg free and
well Lincoln there were two of these
over here we're at the other bread piece
go where did it go hmm oh we had behind
your back that's weird the true sign
that dad tonight do you know that in the
car Livie was like when are we gonna
meet at post with a minute in the car on
the way here that's so funny Joel
honestly thank you we're making dinner
tonight this is so nice of you
Olivia and I just barely got back from
piano lessons and how did it sound the
entire week when Olivia and I were
practicing together just be honest
anxiety Pleasant or rough so I'm not
supposed to be helping Olivia practice
she's supposed to learn to practice on
and so my job is to listen and say okay
Olivia I don't think that sounds right
or I don't think that's right try and
figure it out on your own but Olivia
came home with a new recital piece that
she had to learn and it was hard and she
was crying in the piano so I was
frustrated with Olivia Olivia was
frustrated with me the piece was really
hard we had two piano lessons and Louisa
like Olivia you were practicing the
wrong song that song is like way too
hard for you yeah but the stress the
amount of stress that it took to learn
it was insane right why she's so
frustrated that I'm not getting
but I'm very frustrated at heart it's
not exactly practicing okay well
apparently this is the second closing to
the block so okay just kidding you're
gonna have three closings to this one
ready go now
