okay Cody I don't know if you realize
this but when you have shoes that tie
you need to learn how to tie shoes
you're gonna graduate from the velcro
slip-on days or have birth you ready
we excited I like your new kicks I
didn't have priest week lost are you
excited to stay up a little later lucky
dog
what I think I'm gonna do is I'll show
you on this foot and you're gonna
practice on on this what I do on this
but you do on that foot okay you can't I
won't I'll make sure you follow along so
you go over and through Qaeda so you
want to go over and through so undo that
and try it again
go over go over three now pull them like
that so hun do that and try it one more
time okay so is it like you calm it down
okay if you ever have to ties you you
can look on this video and try to follow
me but I have to try to do over it
through over and then you think I've got
it and then look like ah not quite it's
gonna take a little practice I don't
know how to tie
oh now I get it so now I get it so you
go over and through and then you switch
it and then you do that just like that
undo it do it one more time okay whoo
first part done
now you ready for the next part yeah now
that you've gone over and through this
is how I used to it you can make one
bunny ear and two bunny ears yeah that's
about it yeah you want to do some times
and then you can just wrap one around
the other and bam that's it let me try
to make that my bunny here two bunny
ears
yeah oh man you're so close now pull
those bunny ears pull it tight pull it
tight
holy cow Cody Clark look look at that
look at that Cody Clark I don't think
I've seen a better tied Shue my whole
days of life or there's a rabbit ear
there there's a rabbit ear there and
there's two little laces untie that bad
boy do it again wanna see both little
shoes tied
oh look at that man that's a good
looking tied shoe all right you got one
more are you kidding me you just sitting
there with your shoes all tied like
you're the coolest guy in the world
look at those this is a very momentous
occasion momentous right Bonnie said
these bets with me before and she's lost
every time momentous momentous
it's either monumental or momentous
momentous we're gonna look this up
sweetie you you ridicule my vocabulary
most of the time right yes you do yes
you do
that's not a real word I'm not the best
either I think we're both terrible I
have a wonderful vocabulary I can't tell
you how to smell any of the words
neither could Bonnie if she didn't have
a smart fella monumentous is that it
might be monumentous I don't know okay
code ah dad taught you the bunny ear way
how I do it bad that's okay bud you pull
up too hard oh man untie that thing okay
no okay stir you're okay did you do it
Oh
is that one shoot I'd look at this face
of satisfaction like pretty cool Cody I
am proud of you
good job Boston we doe wanna go skiing
what if we don't bring Cody and I just
take you and we go for Jackson's
birthday today yeah
Boston if you want to go skiing with me
and Jared and Jackson you better get
your button gear right now let's go get
your dress come on
Boston wait where'd you go snow pants
and snow coat and everything Wow
snow everything get your snow pants on
right now you're skiing requires a lot
of work and you're gonna have to learn
how today okay so you promise me that
you will try hard we won't be fry or
whine we'll just try hard I'll help you
well yeah there's of course there's Ben
I won't take him anywhere there's not
feeling well at least the boys are happy
we came to the lodge not a soul as
inside is pitch-black inside of there
but the boys are still happy they could
care less to them this is skiing is this
fun ski in bad
I was really excited to be a proud ski
to head today to get my third child to
study and to teach him and that's just
not gonna happen
your boots stuck boots nook deal okay
let's get it hey Jackson happy birthday
do you know what I got you for your
birthday
I stuck boo they gave it to you right
there nothing is wearing on these boys
day these guys are gonna play either way
so we found some tubes and they're gonna
at least slide a couple of times but
it's a good thing that that's not open
for skiing because they are already
soaked
they've been playing in the snow for
maybe 15 minutes and their stuff is
soaking wet so realistically today is
probably not gonna be good ski day if we
use ski at all
if they're even open I don't know okay
drag it up there again okay drag it up
there again this the best day of skiing
in your life this is the best day of
skiing your life yeah
I'm cooking a whole bunch of meals
because we have a photo shoot for our
cookbook tomorrow so I'm just prepping a
few things that I can prep we're gonna
have that fridge full of food yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah we are eating good this
week I think what I want to do is take a
meal to someone in our neighborhood what
I'd like to do right now I know well and
this is like two days of leftovers
combined to a pretty good dinner and
they're all just savagely I'm not
feasting around it with spoons
seriously we're not making a mess of
dishes you're all gonna get out of the
same Bowl and you're going to eat
whatever I haven't afraid to mix
together so that was my dad's favorite
growing up actually was concoctions we
call concoctions I know whatever it was
in the fridge he put together and had a
can of beans to it it's fun well you two
ladies are in here cooking up a storm
I'm gonna go take care of the boys is it
hey you got someone you're cute funny
secret okay thanks mom for not saying
anything little side note courtesy is if
somebody has something in their teeth
you say something somebody's not
courteous okay speaking up I'm gonna go
brush the boy's teeth right now lovey
dolly I don't trust any of my boys bond
said you using my toothbrush I mean
they'll do the job did you take their
stuff filthy son gums the 45-degree
angle at the gums rinse Lincoln your
animal
and Rushmore we don't make you that what
you might want to look into this brush
cuz just look at it okay do you want to
hear what he did today he was sitting on
my bed watching mallanna while I was
cooking come on little guy let's go this
way Mowgli he had my gold turtle ring on
his finger and he goes would you turn it
always watching mallanna with her with
you turtle and I said okay cannot play
with it so I left the room next to
another room for two seconds I looked in
the room and he had the ring again and I
said Lincoln you cannot have my ring and
then a few seconds later
so I heard him slam his door and I
walked in his room he had his turtle the
turtle Rena stunned and he goes here huh
I was like you Turkey Hey
are you looking for yes where's my ring
where's my parting ring you show me show
me if you guys want to know the story of
this turtle ring you'll have to click on
the video in the iCard yes that's my
turtle ring right there new that is good
go to your room and then I use like okay
come and sit with mommy so we were I set
him on the cabinet and he started
stacking the mason jars and I said oh no
no no I said those are gonna break and
he said it's it's the Grinch's Christmas
tree he says a baby Christmas tree it's
the Grinch and I told him a million
times I put him out of his sight somehow
he got them the more mason jars and
crashed one all over the floor
shattered it mm-hmm all over the floor
put a big old Nick in the carpet or the
floor okay bedtime I mean let you put
into bed you out you guys I like to
spend the last few minutes of each day
staring at the fire thinking about the
beauty of each day thinking about all
that I've accomplished all of the ice
cream that I've eaten
I had the peaceful clothes of this vlog
we'll say goodnight
