hi you're thinking about it however my
grave is just Lincoln Roy Lincoln Roy hi
hi hi hi big guy you already looking at
the camera I was gonna say don't worry
you'll get used to the camera
mm-hmm hi Oh Oh like you a big smile
just how you look at this
did you wanna eat him spit bubbles I
love him like I love him that's a good
thing cuz I was thinking we'd send him
back
oh yeah right is new should we set you
up a little more so you can say hi to
everybody they hi everybody
these are all my head's heavy I tried to
i don't blink
what the actively can't are you writing
your tractor and a blanket do you like
that blanket do you know who made that
for you grandma holy made that for you
and you were a baby huh she made that
for just for you don't give me this cat
me this bear give me a give me disc
jockey bummer give you that tractor do
you love it show me yes sir ha
Jack check her out that's the way
I was gonna sure like one of these and
then I was gonna share this one cuz mom
belongs well peace and I was getting I
was getting both of these and I decided
to give you this one cuz I know you yeah
I know
and I got you a nice one so what is that
oh that's why not it's like a cherry
sucky thingy you suck on Instagram but
sometimes I bite on it what did you make
it into cuz you didn't finish last night
I just made it I left over cos Ella she
made her Jolly Rancher left over so she
wrapped it in a paper towel damn I'm
sitting here yes I'm sitting in here
getting ready and Olivia was showing me
all her loot she's really excited and
she's telling me how she's gonna share
because I didn't get any last night and
I gotten a piece Oh another one
whoa he's much you are luck you miss
Elsa yeah I got one of these lucky five
you want your flip-flops on are we
getting ready for church and you think
that you need to wear your flip-flops
let's see
Oh am i slip slip ah you want your
flip-flop on yeah you want your
flip-flop on hi guys I know that I
haven't even said hi or introduce the
vlog at all yet today but there were so
many cute little clips I had to just
record her really quick while I saw him
so to catch you up on the day we all
went to church we came home and now
everyone is kind of having quiet time
Olivia and Codel is what is the very
giggle
Cody and Olivia are eating their
Halloween candy way too much of it and
they're watching a little TV
Lincoln is taking a nap and Joel we were
at church today and bas was being so
stinkin dang cute and so he said today
I'm taking a nap with Boston which I'm
kind of jealous about
doesn't that look like fun napping with
Boston oh I really have jealous but I
had to get a pie made because Joel
volunteered me to make a pike we are
going to go over to his brother's house
today and just to say hi and so I am
making a pipe actually rope oh yeah did
you yeah okay we are here at Jeff and
Tiffany's house Jill's brother and this
is their boy
Zachary and you do you guys like Zachary
oh thank you guys like Zachary yeah
why'd you try to watch us guys love
Zachary this is their new puppy what's
your doggy's name pepper she is the
sweetest and we're having dinner right
now
and so she's in her little candle how
come she's in the kennel right now
doggie training do not go potty and it's
great more his tongue yes cuz we want
him to go potty outside don't we yeah
he's gonna jump on it first
oh my gosh Olivia you didn't even help
build the pile you stink okay okay honey
jump first Olivia Hey oh you'll
anti-climatic we're gonna find out
stammers hey Haley don't jump on the
couch this guy is sleeping through all
the noise she's all folded come say hi
to pepper can you say hi to pepper okay
hi mmm we don't want Boston to be
nervous oh we don't let your fingers
don't like to be here so much fingers
come Peppa come pepper
okay there's two things I had to show
you Joel is letting Boston pull pull the
suburban in and this is what whatever oh
and this is what live yet this is what
she does for me before I knew how to
pull in well she pretends I've always
known how to pull the car in the garage
but she brings me in like this oh
it was just something that she's done
for a long time and I don't know it's
like those little things like don't want
to forget like I don't want to forget
her bringing me in the garage it's just
so sweet to see who won most rocks tied
can't go again
I win hey kids it is straight to bed
hunt Poe downstairs and I'll come down
and say goodnight okay you'd like it
your finger what colors did you put on
what oh the light no is it's bedtime
okay
what thank you guys so much for watching
the vlog today don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and we'll see you guys in our
next video
wait wait wait what oh okay what's y'all
kiddos
that's going Joey you are gonna hurt
yourself
last time you did this you were a lot
younger yeah I know you're like okay
we'll see you next video
fight okay okay go go go flame what do
you do
hi say good night
