well if this doesn't look for girl app
to have a party I don't know what does
what did you know what he knows he knows
that trick-or-treating is dark and today
is Halloween and it's light so he thinks
we missed it
right Cordy gets wet it's actually
tonight yeah you know not listen we're
gonna go trick-or-treating with our
cousin Surya
yep they're going to come here and we're
going to go trick-or-treating but not if
we have a pouty boy but I stopped crying
to be happy or we don't get to go
trick-or-treating today okay
don't be nice and crap hey let's all be
happy okay because we have treats and
fun things you got to be happy okay your
big smiles
mister I need a big smile or no
trick-or-treating
I see one let me see that cute face
there's let me see and then we'll go
ahead
we are here at my church and Ellie came
with us to write your volca we're gonna
have a carnival every year they do a
carnival and so the kids are on their
outfits and I got out of the car and I
said Elias is embarrassing to you that
I'm constantly nursing the baby she's
like a crew spot I thought that's how
you both are I know and she's like
that's on my morning when I was like
well least olivia has we makeup on I
don't have my makeup on but always the
like I have makeup on and I just have to
say you girls are so talented it's
amazing that you can feed someone else
like a human being and walk at the same
well it really is but it's it's like
frustrating sometimes I'm like I want to
be cute for Halloween I want to look you
for Halloween you just give me a sad
sack face oh nothing he just gave me a
sad sack face he's making fun of me
get in that church and go get candy go
Bob Fred what are they a donut
go bath right don't I will get a donut
you stay out here in Powell come on Q
it's nude already - you're such a good
dad oh it looks so cute standing next to
the kids okay look we're gonna he wants
to treat so much you want to treat you
want you want that one but that one say
dots
dot yeah dad gets the pink ones though
would you get would you get blasting
look at the magnifying glass you got a
smarty John yes like this first years
are you last night and now you ate a
donut
you're just drinking this kid off left
and right I add some pumpkin look at
that oh he's happy do that if it's so
good if it's so good bigger the back
again what you got there bud
yeah yes nerds
come on pumpkin oh sorry
are we happy now are we happy now you've
been kind of a sad guy all day is
Halloween over I was just kidding this
is fun it just gets a little crazy well
honey just wants one bite don't even
show our faces thanks for joining my
face welcome Oh to do a little cartoon
is on today was it well on the Disney
one that I found it played that one I
thought devious women look how handsome
you look I feel so bad we don't have the
little pumpkins for the kids to
trick-or-treat with I thought that we
had them we don't well I'm just gonna
look at you two real quick oh you're so
handsome yeah everyone else I guess yeah
you so cute you guys look fabulous
what's the club nice pair of hooters
yeah yeah yeah owls they're really
beautiful
just kidding we found the bucket they
were under the stairs but we only have
two and you're in quite the dilemma
oh just give them jack here you'll see
oh my god someone is gonna be said to
have stated we head to the store and
they're all out this is a big deal me
and baby are gonna stay home and work
yes because I don't want to miss any
trick-or-treaters and I really don't
really want to take him out in the cold
so you guys enjoy your time and get the
kids so I can see them little piggy was
like wrong room
I know hailey you know bad you don't
even care you just want this stinking
sucker okay there's your sucker and
let's go get the kids in here hey Jared
I'm supposed to be recording the kids
Hey I must just as much as part of this
thing yes we are
how are you sister Rock very good oh
well of course and almond joy some more
coming everybody's coming oh that's good
we'll have a happy Halloween what do you
say Olivia okay you get one anything
yeah yeah okay go put put your bucket up
there Boston yeah yeah does that sucker
yummy hey let's go to the next house
okay put in your bag okay come on bud
let's go look at this whole ensemble
down the road they're just we're just we
just keep getting to three houses away
kids keep running but everybody's having
a good time
yeah mommy carry yeah mommy karya okay
guys you guys look so good be holy
welcome hello Little Miss high are you
guys done I think they're condors since
you are they yeah oh this was a cute
idea
oh I thought everyone look so cute
coming I'm like I have to get harsher in
he's got a little cold
well I was wondering if maybe people
with babies would be coming back a bit
sooner yeah coming undo it oh I'm good
now I can of course I've got the baby
strapped to me I know I love God he
opened the door he woke up as soon as
you guys left I'm like alright say Trick
or Treat Oh boss you're so heavy
did you guys want some Tuesday we're all
that well if this earns me a tree I
think what did you guys get one get one
oh good job
okay did you get one what do you say
okay what do you that's a good night let
me help
happy Halloween it's actually the kids
did really good
yes was he just kind of hanging out with
you didn't really want to go to the door
very much she just kind of hung at his
own pace knew dad was gonna get it for
him oh look what you get you got to go
give this one to mama Oh
what color is that mine shhh well if
King his lips we're gonna say pink I
strange Oh pink one oh okay yeah that's
my dream okay thank you
oh right oh this is kind of oh yes
really I was just trying to show jeredy
we're gonna do it we are going everybody
just kidding hahahahaha
true torture that's the trick
we very hard my god hands clashing oh my
gosh everyone's a shark I okay we are
going to end the vlog right here we are
ending by watching a few I think we got
to go rescue some kids I know I think
Cody's crying I know we're gonna add me
as soon as everyone gets back in here
we're going to finish off the night by
watching a bunch of Jimmy Kimmel videos
because they are fighting there's no
other way to spend Halloween
they are our favorite we'll see you guys
in our next video on Monday you'll know
I'm sorry okay sorry we will see you
guys in our next video happy Halloween
had a really nice time
