it is way too early in the morning it is
crazy hair day today oh my goodness
and it's miss match day so she's wearing
mismatched clothes I know that Lincoln
wakes up right about the time she goes
to school or like that we're getting her
ready for school and I just knew I would
not have time to get her hair done and
but take care of the baby so I got up at
6 o'clock said the baby and then we were
able to get you ready for school crazy
girl - do you need some chew and his
tummy hurts it's kind of a crazy morning
admit
let me see that tooth oh they haven't
seen your talent oh okay
I'm so last night I wasn't yeah I was
like eh I was like trying to do but my
hands are too wet slide right um I tried
for now tried playing out in the neck
okay but then I notice that I put it in
my head on my me and ran out there and I
like mama and then I'll go get artisans
Oh what do you saying honey ain't wrong
I feel like that is what semi deadly so
oh you want me to store your jammies
that case tiny cousin likes it oh that
is such a tiny to see hold on I know
that looks like links oh I know it's
like boogers there really isn't a shoe
Oh
thought it was burgers that looks like a
that is your teeny-tiny tooth in there
and why are you taking it to school
because there's a chair they're gonna do
it too mom what did you say I like ha ha
your coloring that for grandpa oh that
is so great like um
are you recording me I love when they
suck on their hands are you looking at
the baby
James are you took for you and me can
you please I
yeah it's slowing hey he likes you you
know
he doesn't like that dude mommy where's
washing gonna be gone for now not for
like a long time let's just enjoy your
money together I know we will put him
down for a nap but just not right this
minute
hey hey hey blue ah he's gonna hit both
of you you sit and both of you with his
hands high high blue look at you two
Boston you're not my baby anymore
you're such a big boy hey where's the
baby oh yeah
Lincoln is are you a baby I not what are
you I thought that your Boston are you a
big boy or your baby hey you're a big
boy you are a big boy aren't you that's
better isn't it yes
you just wanted mommy to hold you and
put my face right by your face and kiss
you and hug you and love you we like to
stand right here in front of this window
and with it I mean I don't even know how
much time I've just stood here bouncing
at this window looking out in my yard
looking up at the weather that's what
I've done all four of my babies we
bounce in front of the window even as
toddlers I hold on we stand in front of
the window we talk can we just look out
the window in balance so what we do
whatever the kids are actually holding
still I'm gonna pull the camera out very
quickly I hasn't been a little bit of a
madhouse just a tiny bag just always it
I know it's really hard to go out of
cabs I swear if you don't go out with
them you won't do anything we decided to
come into town today and of course I'm
standing here bouncing he said if you
have a stroller I'll go
in all whole ten I'm gonna have to get
the stroller and it was covered in
cobwebs so I was like I'm not putting my
baby in that so I'm just carrying him
but I can't sit because he wants me to
bounce him so I'm just standing here and
we're just getting a little lunch does
that taste good yes I got hanging mommy
cuz I'm holding the baby you're all
happy thank you okay jump my hair you
bought it on your fingers
cuz that tastes pretty good we are here
the crystal maker
and I was just telling the kids when my
mom used to take me to the mall we used
to stop at the pretzel maker and grandma
grandma used to buy me a pretzel ring
what hi dear
are you sitting happy in your car seat
oh yes you fit a good boy today
hi dear can you say hello
yeah those are big happy smiles yes I
just realized you were not even in
yesterday's a log I don't even think you
were in the last vlog I did and I missed
you in it how many of you just looked at
your phone and thought that was your
phone wasn't it was mine I want to hear
all about school today chicken was so up
today we had pizza and movie for our a
gold meter dump and guess what umm this
is all how she did the same as my she
did she has more money
what's the matter honey how come you
look so so sad and you tripped and your
shoe fell all the way I get to rub you
see all artists and there's the shoe
that's your favorite country stand up
let me see
I'll tell you one thing I'll tell you
one thing I'm sure glad that wasn't you
that fell down there and she said you
didn't fall down that is real and then
it's lit yeah well guess what
come on there is no way that I'm going
to be able to figure out how to get your
shoe out there but guess what I bet I
know someone that does know how to get
it out who do you think could get that
shoe out who look at me who do you think
can get that shoe out Annie do you think
Darren can I guarantee daddy can figure
out how to get that shoe out of there so
let's go home and put on your boots your
rain boots okay come on honey come on
sweetie
for me carry you one two three jump all
right let's go
daddy we'll be able to figure out how to
get your shoe out I guarantee it what if
L is stark maybe tomorrow morning just
sitting here trying to drink a bunch of
water for my nursing took a big old swig
of this that's amazing tonight the night
of don't guess try to sound it out the
next before Halloween novalee and night
Oh Joe
yeah face are you scared
show me read yeah okay before daddy
reads let's all say good night so we can
end our vlog you guys want to end the
vlog yeah okay kids are a little
occupied
- tree - bring her home yeah let's show
you tomorrow when you wake up okay
schedule yeah daddy go be here in the
morning water treats yeah we Joel will
be home for the next week because he is
on maternity leave maternity leave
thanks Brock during gamble Joe gives
maternity leave from Asian work how
amazing is that
oh I'm loving it so happy I know we're
excited already
so let's go in for a week I know guys
can you say good night and we'll end of
why thank you guys so much for watching
you'll see in our next video bye guys
what did you say five minutes time can
you give me a wink you Inc look at my
hobby for you Thank You AJ you mean one
do you know yeah I know you know how to
wait give me make me good wink
him one more oh one one I know it's
pretty good okay give me one week oh
good job
