when I first had Olivia I could not
figure out why she had dirt underneath
her fingernails as a little baby I
couldn't figure it out couldn't figure
it out and my mom finally told me it
wasn't dirt it was just the fibers from
their blankets and when they scratched
their little fingers around they get
little fibers from the blanket in their
fingernails good morning you guys it is
not morning for me this is actually the
evening this is the first time that I am
picking up the camera today and it's
actually the first time that I picked up
the camera in the last couple of days
I'm going to tell you why when I first
was thinking of vlogging I thought to my
I remember thinking to myself what am I
going to do on the days that I don't
want to vlog what am I going to do when
the kids don't want to be filmed what am
I gonna do when I don't want to be
filmed and that is exactly what has
happened the last couple of days is I
haven't wanted to film
Joel hasn't wanted me to film he hasn't
wanted to film and the kids were not
having it they've been upset they've
been emotional they've been busy I've
been busy and I think that honestly my
emotions and like my hormones are kind
of catching up to me after having the
baby if you were if you won't ask me
last week how I was feeling I honestly
would have told you I'm doing great I'm
doing just fine and this week it's just
been a different story it's just been
abs and physically draining figuring out
this whole nursing thing and I thought I
had it down I thought I was golden in
the nursing department but that is just
not what has happened it's just like the
turn of events has just been hard and I
know that I can do this the last couple
of nights I have not been giving Lincoln
a bottle and he's been doing really well
he's continued to sleep really well at
night
and I'm not going to disrupt that I
think that sleeping habits and eating
habits are equally important and so I'm
not going to wake him up at night to
feed him that I have but I have been
doing my absolute very best during the
day and I think that that's been working
out good for me and my date kind of
feels like life has caught up with us
the last couple of days a small stuff
like Cody ripping the door handle off
our fridge which was not his fault he
just opened it and it ripped right off
so that's the handle and Olivia look to
your mouth she's been going through some
oh hi had the bear first loose tooth and
eat when I took a bit of the Apple it
was like a like broken it was like oh
Anisha
yeah she bit into an apple move your
tongue move your finger ha
yep she'd been to an apple today and
really hurt it didn't know I Creek out
and mom told me to pick it out and I
can't drew it we don't pick it out right
now
hello don't sit here yeah yeah yeah
tonight she's gonna stay up with you and
hopefully Joel build rip the tooth out
Wow look at that hair all right let's
see Cody
oh all right Cody you are gonna help me
make some noodles I know that's why
we're doing it today
horse and I know this is the worst type
of dinner but good walk
that's just what's happening around Cody
you hold the edge of the bag just like
this I'm going to hold the other side
Olivia I want you to pick up all the
paper that's on the floor let's do this
as quick as we can while the noodles are
cooking we'll hold still Boston can you
hop down and come help Olivia hey mr. so
comfy on the counter reading your
magazine family yeah yep he's kind of a
weirdo all right come here look I want
you to come help your sister yeah hop
down great I'll tell you pick up what
you want and I'll tub awesome want to
pick up yeah put it in the back okay
Boston long okay you better hold on
tight then Boston here grab this one
right here put it in the bag my phone
yep I bet all of you saw that coming and
I didn't okay put it on the counter
Olivia come put the scissors in the
drawer I mean Boston come here I have a
job for you yeah yep I have a job for
you come over a job job yep I have a job
for you oh okay can you go put this
downstairs with the toys in the toy
closet can you do that can you do that
okay let's see Olivia I want you to get
your backpack and your coat hang it in
the closet
I'll put these in the laundry room and
we will vacuum all of this up the boys
last night went to the Buncombe back
Plunkett's last night the boys went to a
pumpkin patch and made a huge old mess
did you guys go to the pumpkin patch
last night
let's bed fill in her closely dunk it on
the hay fell in your clothes okay my
iphone down - you fell down in the
pumpkin patch but hey what else did you
do there pal the Pats what else did you
do there so it was really dark it goes
else we had his logical dad head
fashion-y but it was like mogul I glazed
what I crave dad :
dad Renault did you like the tractor
uh-huh
how did you know mom talking about it
all morning
you like shag you can't read the tractor
I like a tractor you like the tractor I
know life chatter you didn't like the
truck oh hi Claire you like the trick
Oh awesome okay let's get back to work
the baby's asleep in my room so push the
door open very quietly and put that on
the floor in the in my room Cody you've
got that box mmm what do you know it's a
Sephora box mm okay run for that in my
room as quietly as you can just push the
door open quietly and put it on the
floor in my room Boston Boston Boston
come here hurry come here okay grab
those clothes
and go put them downstairs on Olivia's
bed okay ran ran ran ran and ran
isn't he sweet here ring the ring ready
ready hey you guys did the best job
cleaning up now Olivia you run
downstairs and get your jammies on
coating you right now sirs and get your
jammies on and when you get back I will
have your bowls dished up and they'll be
cooling off yeah I don't eat it hello
boss you got
why don't want to eat it because then
you can stay for later don't you don't
know I like
all right
Olivia's are running your tube awesome
photo I wait for it to fall down
yeah a lot of those are hurt you're
cheating you look back here Oh who
company Boston what was your favorite
part of today mm-hmm but that came your
favorite part of today was playing with
your pumpkin I'm sure gonna have to play
a little bigger punch go get it bro
fight 2+6 have another bite question I
just got home from work and Bonnie and I
are having a dinner together
which is kind of hard when I get home
from work because I get home a little
bit late sometimes so when Joe gets home
I am starving mm-hmm and yes I were
having takeout and yes there's a doctor
I have not had soda since before I have
the baby and I really really really
wanted some I'm pretty excited for a
little cup of dr. pepper sounds pretty
good actually don't look at this every
time I give dinner I dish up leftovers
for Joel so that he has a good lunch for
the next day oh man
so this is your lunch tomorrow my
workers will be very jealous and and
Jeff and Tiffany will be jealous because
we had this for dinner
we bought this for dinner last night for
him because we had dinner with him and
they loved it guess what y'all what
Olivia lost 4-2
came out it come out I didn't want to
treat you on the phone I'm so happy
waited you are so cute
I told her I was like dad might pull
your tooth out when he gets home and she
was in the bathtub and she was wiggling
it and she was like ah mom get in here
did you make her drink did it bleed yeah
yeah we just left it was just thank you
so like things I remember every time I
lost the tooths as a kid my mom would be
like now go gargle some salt water and
salt Esav like blood and solve arms like
I don't even remember one teeny bit ever
of losing a tooth so anyway we are going
to eat our dinner thank you guys so much
for watching we really appreciate your
support and your nice comments and we
will see you guys in our next video I
had a really nice time I have a really
good time now love you guys
Joel do you see what is in our milk our
fruit loops there are fruit loops all
over in our milk I am proud of my voice
they are conserving dishes you can see
that like back in the back of joe oh my
gosh you can see them in there
voila you know that we Boston oh yeah
