Oct of BR October is AMA Oh Osito Osito
me el sitio be October is mama oh 2015
yeah I swear if you guys came to my
house I would answer the door with a
baby attached to me because he just
nurses all day I'm just trying to get
the milk supply up what is he doing what
is that powder
oh is that dirt oh good grief
he just is watching the cars go by
playing outside he's such an outdoor
kind of kid
oh he's wearing Olivia she Olivia's
shoes oh my gosh she's so cute like he's
just watching the cars any only one of
the things this is funny
so you up baby detached baby reattached
you guys I don't know this is boring I'm
sorry you can skip it but seriously he
is so flippin cute hi guy totally sees
me recording him he's talking to me I
wish I knew I do is saying now he's
showing off he's wearing Olivia's shoes
that's hilarious
Oh two-year-olds are July's favorite
happy Saturday to you happy Saturday to
you happy Saturday to you happy Saturday
Lincoln yes we're just hanging out I can
treat me Jonah hole thinking yes you can
this morning Olivia said if I brush my
teeth can I put on lipstick that stains
sure okay sit down with them again sit
back there you go there you go good
morning you guys
are we gonna have a good day good are we
gonna have it oh ah you have chocolate
all over your mouth I swear if you get
this on my white blanket you're gonna be
in trouble go in the kitchen to wipe
your face hurry hurry I always tell them
whenever they're in my room I'm like
don't touch the white blanket the sheets
on the other hand that's a different
story yep that's poo that's baby poo
like maybe diarrhea I knew when I was
getting white sheets that it was gonna
be like kind of a tricky thing but it
hasn't been too bad
I'm into that I usually I just well okay
I was just gonna say I usually don't
like the kids in my room haha that was
kind of my first goal I was like I don't
really want kids in my room I don't I
want it to be my space I want to be mine
and Joel space which is why we don't
have pictures of kids we had pictures of
me when I was in high school yes that
looks so clean good job I don't really
love them being in here and I only let
him hang out in here sometimes but it's
not always no yeah not always yeah what
do you think you oh where did you get
that oh my gosh I was gonna come out
here try to ski I was gonna come here
and try to scare him and he has this
like glass ball Boston where did you get
that basketball where did you get that
got it glass ball where did you get it
oh there where you wouldn't put that
away right now run run run as fast as
you can don't you drop that it'll break
go put that right where you found it
hurry
oh my gosh I thought he was tapping on
my window hurry I thought he was tapping
on my window but he was hitting a big
glass ball that he stole on the cement
where did he go
hurry hurry sweetie put it right where
you found it go on put it right where
you found it
don't worry go move where did you find
it sweetie
right it oh yeah I see the stand for it
we spotted it right at the same time oh
crap Oh yep yeah okay you come back over
here
what were you oh you missed you lost a
shoe all you lost the other shoe
go get Olivia's shoes so we don't lose
them oh is that are you kidding me oh
look at its face oh my what is that what
is it
shark get that jar is a shark oh my gosh
is that literally when he tripped on
Boston let's go in the house and wash up
let's go wash our hands come on
is that a squirrel or a mouse oh I'm
hoping it's a squirrel and not a mouse
if it's a mouse it looks like a rat the
tail it's a squirrel holy gosh opening
the door I just had the surprise of a
lifetime
I asked Boston to go put Olivia shoes
next to Cody's shoes at the front door
and that's what I found
your frame you just scare you
- grandpa's motorcycle scares you Oh
Burton your finger nope yes kill me
you're burnt finger whoa it looks better
hey Tony show grandpa the finger that
helps you find birds outside
yeah sit up so I can see ya sit up Cody
so he wants so show him your pinky
finger Shawn what one's your pinky
fingers yeah my o my birdie finger okay
so know about your ring finger that's
enough
pretty finger that's the birdie feet no
that's a dream finger this one is not
your ring finger uh-huh a birdie finger
huh tell him how it works
so you have to put you your ear ring
just like mint and it affordable to
stand on me also the bird will sit on
your finger and you can look into the
Birdman sits there and you can touch of
the bird now let's every captain he'll
get killed fly away oh so you don't talk
to the birth ah now yeah we just flip
the bird what he did you been sitting on
your finger oh and you'd be quiet quiet
oh I I didn't teach him those he came in
he said here's my pinky finger and
here's my ring finger and I said no
what's this finger and he said it's my
bird finger and I said why is that your
bird finger and he said cuz I I put the
birds they like to come here boy yeah
you got I never off the older kids ones
that I don't really know are you making
progress yeah oh yeah mm-hmm
it looks good in here oh I haven't even
looked at the ceiling so Moses did the
ceiling did I tell you that he had
dinner with us the other night
I'm a guy that does our petty work his
name is Moses and he was done with his
work and I was assuming he was the last
guy working and so I said why don't you
stay and have some dinner he said okay
oh so for dinner and he taught the kids
new Spanish words yeah it was the walls
look good
we always put a holy smooth on the wall
just because I feel like the walls don't
have to boot waggle and focus because I
feel like if a lot of stuff yeah I hide
the walls don't have to be perfect to
just hide a lot oh so you've got these
recession flattening do you know what I
heard pizzas did your Lincoln well I
went into town to get lunch for all of
us and we all know this for a second I
can fifteen is now I went to the store
to get stuff for soup and I went to the
store to get pizza or something and I
totally forgot to get dinner what else
code it treats you like yeah much
important okay Oh Moses please go to
sleep so I can get some food done holy
Moses holy Moses holy holy smooth by
Moses holy smooth by Moses yeah listen
here we're getting close to being done I
may or may not have broken three of the
like yeah not happened
yep and they're not there they're cheap
sort of the hey cheap only ten bucks
apiece yeah yeah that's insulation huh
boy please go to sleep please okay we're
all just kind of hanging out down here
in the basement and naturally me and
Ellie we're you know it's be somebody's
we're nursing our babies that's kind of
the what we do and hold on Olivia has
built this for Cody now Cody what is
this called did you say right this is
okay Cody's gonna do some karate for us
Bolivia temperature t1 oh hold on hold
on we got one to do fix it okay okay
Ready Set karate oh do it again do it
again
ready hey Cody that's so lame
no come on I read it was cool cuz you
got charged all through
the first time was cool whoa yeah that
was way cool they didn't wait for me I
wasn't ready but I got it I gotcha
I came in to say good night to you mommy
oh yes we get it you want to kiss link
and feeding him that kiss me kiss it
will kiss him first thing in the morning
okay
okay good night think I sure love you
just look my dad's pillow yeah is that
what he wanted he wanted to sleep on
your pillow we'll get it later I have
been nursing all night literally the
entire time we were visiting with my
parents I was nurse two hours he still
wants to nurse I just laid him down he
just started crying
he's turning maybe starting to calm down
no he's not
I got it oh good I'm too distracted by
this crying so we got a hernia in the
blog good bye guys cry you later
oh boy we're tired okay have a good week
you guys we'll see you later
bye see ya
