we have gotten two packages in the mail
today grandma Carrigan sent the kids
some treats for a treat huh puffed rice
balls with molasses like oh really it's
his old school treat as it gets
it's amazing but my 98 year old grandma
baby's really good grandma is the
sweetest and she sent Lincoln a couple
90s and then we just got this second
package in the mail and Joel cut it off
because I was like can't get up and let
me see what's in it cuz I am addicted to
getting packages in the milk he doesn't
know what it is
he sliced it open and the second I
opened I was like oh I totally got like
a I got like my meeting we'll just open
it my stomach totally has butterflies I
know exactly what it is do you know you
might be disappointed so you think it's
something for you I know exactly what it
is I am literally nervous to see it you
still don't know yet
yeah is it Bosley hair room it doesn't
work
you got a Wang there's a Love you've got
a wrong
so cool no this is no but Vaughn spends
a lot of hours editing and working hard
on it good job that is so fun what did
you say it says oh that thing this piece
of paper why I cannot believe
I like need to like take my picture with
it hey you read it out loud you've just
done something very few youtuber YouTube
creators accomplished you had an
astonishing a hundred thousand people
subscribed to your channel you know
numbers on YouTube can get really big
but we hope you don't lose sight of the
reality behind that six digit milestone
each and every person who has subscribed
to your channel was touched by what you
did they were inspired or challenged or
entertained and the only reason I'm
getting emotional right now is because I
talked to my mom today and we were
talking about the channels that are on
YouTube from our family and I don't know
it's um I think that sometimes I I don't
want to say we impact people but I think
people really do get impacted by the way
we live it's just a really amazing thing
it's just really amazing dude what did
you say that's been spit it out I wonder
why he said that I was trying to think
of what I was saying and I was
stuttering and Joel what did you sick to
me if someone is falling go hold their
foot this morning Cody said mom I
haven't gone for a run for a long long
long time can I go can I go for a run I
said yeah you can go for a run so Cody
went for a run this morning I got the
kids all the way ready
that baby is napping which he slept
pretty well last night I gave him his
bottle and before he went to bed and he
seemed so satisfied which I was happy
about but I was also really sad about um
but he slept for six hours and then he
woke up eight went right back to bed and
slept for another six hours and he's
actually taking his first nap maybe he
just needed to get a nice little tummy
and then to kind of reset him cuz he
seems really happy
morning so that's the baby update and
this morning Joel is watching what do
you want to know what did Boston say to
you when you guys were watching it you
do that you do this you do that dad can
you do that
what's the cue he's watching this old
house he thinks he's gonna be doing more
to this house than we really are
I don't know we're discussing we're
discussing I don't discussing what are
you doing we washing the couch will you
watch the coffee table there's lots of
fingerprints on it look there's lots of
fingerprints on the coffee table can you
come wash it yeah get it washed
Cody how was your run this morning was
it good I'm distracting Joel okay I'll
be done today is a somber day I'm
retiring my hot tools curling iron you
guys I have had this thing since I was
in probably junior high will say high
school starting in 10th grade that's 14
years ago 10 11 12 13 14 14 years we've
had I say I say we 14 years we have had
this curling iron all my sisters and I
shared this so I thought I would show
them that I'm retiring our curling iron
and mom mom use that one too I got
myself a new one and it's a slightly
bigger one but oh I feel so sad get rid
of you so here's the room all the way
sheetrock and we've got a guy here today
that is getting ready to putty so this
will look different later today her coat
yep do we touch him no cuz they fight it
up thank you
hi I'm so torn right now I'm so torn on
what colors I want to do no way loop oh
this one right here yeah go there
shooting star you can because all these
arms like this is this color it's so
blue it looks so blue in the swatch but
when you see it like in a picture it
looks so green many of you may not know
Julie used to work for things
reporte paint yeah I don't think or two
about my paint no good because I don't
I'm struggling right now this is so hard
oh yeah that's way off because look oh
yeah these are the colors I was kind of
thinking but I don't change my mind -
like really creamy like tan colors what
did you find bad what did you find
thankee paint a painting
you go paint paint you put back doesn't
go put that back
you go get some lunch bag well I know
we're starving it is actually really
hard to pick up paint colors
my gosh people put that back on the gold
gets in mine is literally my favorite
gosh day this is hard like that one
though it's really pretty like in here
on this swatch but it doesn't it looks
nothing like that right here hey are you
ready to go get some lunch
show me what you're doing
did you put the slide here yes you guys
like to help your daddy work don't you
do these Carter's move Boston you know
do those cars move what is it - what
kind of bus a school bus what does the
school bus song say show me do you show
me wheels on them the wheels on the bus
go show me it's all seeing it and you do
it / - yeah
wheels on the bus go round and round
round and round
yes all through the town yep yep seats
on the bus go up you got to hold my hand
while we're in here I like it
I'm not even like looking for anything
it's just kind of fun to look I think
that we found the carpet that we like I
have a headache I have a headache I
think this is really hard to figure out
well because we're figuring out what's
gonna go no no no you got nothing Boston
nothing no no no look yes Wow thanks for
being soft hold my hand
topless I'll swing what that's a bug and
fling that looks at grandpa's airplane
huh I wish I knew what you were talking
about we're trying to find carpet for
the whole basement Rachel I'm not just
the two bedrooms we're only doing the
two bedrooms right now but soon we're
gonna be doing a whole basement so kind
of gotta keep that in mind and you got
so hot running around over there huh
Boston Wade you are making a mess you're
making a mess how's it taste
greetings I made my first soup of the
season my absolute favorite is soup
season hajjali and I broke it in pieces
so I can dip it in there oh nice my mom
is the queen of making soups and I try I
try I'm getting there I'm getting there
but she Queen what all right we are
going to close our vlog thank you guys
so much for watching make sure to give
the video a thumbs up if you liked it
and we'll see you guys in our next video
bye bye baby boy alright bye guys
had a really nice time
