good morning you guys today is a very
exciting day we are going down to pick
up my mom and by we I mean me and Ellie
and we are going to take her birthday
shopping we're gonna find her an outfit
and this morning has been a very very
smooth morning Lincoln slept for ten
hours and ten minutes that's right
ten hours and you nothing special this
morning but Kody let me see your hair
can you stand over here come here
Oh check out this perfect hair his hair
Victor good this morning Kody what are
you saying out far what a lip what's the
matter with ya good Dre currently got
ripped oh that does hurt you know why I
have some chapstick do you want some you
want lipstick you want gum of course you
do you're lucky my kids love gum no no
no I'm not
Bastien I want to admire how cute you
look look we're on their way out the
door hey we're on our way out the door
should we go whoo come stand by Cody
look goes down my Cody hey let me see
you guys so cute
okay these pants I have looked I have
looked and looked for pants that are
skinny enough for Cody's waist but long
enough
these pants are from H&M and I like them
I think they fit pretty okay God and he
got that I know that's all you asked for
you're always needing something aren't
you
okay let's go that's not gonna fit in
your pocket buddy you just hold it Oh
dad's ready let's go daddy you see
you're working on your bathroom
I need your saw and stuff back before I
know I know we have all your tools mom
oh my gosh
I love those middle tiles probably
better than the other ones you have
picked out yeah that's that really good
bond well last ones we'll just still go
here and deck here mm-hmm
you want to go outside we're gonna go
we're gonna go mom are you ready to shop
I hope we find you the cutest outfit you
got me the food in my mouth
I know I have food in my mouth - mom cut
up some apple apples and cookies for the
kids and we're getting ready to go Oh is
he hugging you maybe once again oh I
couldn't late last night you couldn't
sleep last night this morning can come
back too bad too excited good well I
hope the day uh lives up to your
expectations yeah kind of helped that
are you buying her a really expensive
how come you're so lucky to be with us
Heidi this is a girl prize she was kind
of torn though she was like do I get to
the Oh what is all over my lens
hopefully this was on Elmer she was a
little torn because she wanted to go
play with the kids but she wanted to be
with us adults so we might do a little
bit of both she's not sure she wants to
be a grown-up bringing someone young
because I think the Hobbit think about
baby you don't yeah I think they're cute
I like that honestly this is fun like oh
this is my favorite oh I just feel good
like taking care of mom like this is fun
my mom likes yes
oh is this mom's purse up here okay I
was like mom um look how cute the
waiting room is like this is this little
area oops sorry
close your purse oh yeah no no that's
okay I was like whose purses out here
cute what's fun bite your stick try and
get it did you see that today yeah yo I
saw that bear she grabbed your
did you boys have fun yeah we did they
played for munching we went over to the
player I am good job neck late for a
long time let's go get some food
yes we're gonna go get food first I am
starving
I'm starving when there's all this like
food we got some good stuff for Mom just
up for me no I didn't get a basketball
for us no I got no yes I got a backbone
for me in you and then I got one
look there's there's like ten times more
kitchen
Hey
No
I'm okay
my mom is trying to send a text over
there she's holding the line up oh she
stopped she was trying to send the text
and she had the phone like way far away
from her face all right birthday girls
come in
you
please pray
people
Boston's been showing everybody his
finger he saw that grandpa was home on
his motorcycle and so he ran up and was
really excited he just woke up from his
nap in the car and what happened Did you
touch the hot pad let me see your finger
let me see your finger oh that is such a
sad alley he's like be like oh yeah
how'd she like Justin Lee yeah yeah yeah
that's a pretty big alley that you got
her baby
you guys might die I might die
by watching Cody he told me that cousin
Chad taught him to jump from the tree
house on to the Tramp and I have never
seen him do this he says that he's done
it all the time but I'm a oh my goodness
I can see him up there okay let's just
see how this goes
hold on wait for me code you know how do
you know all right now who taught you
how to do that this makes me nervous are
you gonna get hurt okay
hold on hold away let me make sure
Jackson saw under the chancel Oh My
heavens good do not jump right now you
got to get out from under there you'll
bump your head if he jumps down Boston
don't go under the tramp
okay ready
one more side okay go ahead
Wow good job do you want to get up there
say you want to get on the trampoline
and jack-and-jill fling and jets no no
traffic ok 1 2 3 jump hey last time you
got on this trampoline you wouldn't jump
cause you were too scared
Wow oh I remember when Olivia was his
age jumping out on this trampoline I
wish so bad that we logged back then so
I could go back and see Olivia as a baby
we could barely afford a camera in fact
jared had this really old little
camcorder type thing I don't even know
what it was and he knew that I didn't
have any pictures of Olivia so they let
me borrow that little camcorder and I
use it till we could afford a little
camera of our own and then I gave it
back to him Boston how's your finger
nice T come here how's your finger
I love let me see it is it hurt no it's
cool it's cold okay Oh
I don't know if we even said goodbye on
camera to mom or if we said happy
birthday to mom on camera but we had to
abruptly leave because everybody got in
trouble all the kids mostly Boston got a
hold of a sharpie and cut and colored
all over one of the tractors downstairs
all over his new pants all over his arms
and all over grandpa's desk so we got
that mostly cleaned up all that we could
we were going to be heading home right
now anyway but it was just a little more
abrupt than we had planned the basement
was all dirty and yes we should have
gone down and checked on him I knew we
should have but we just didn't we hope
you guys have a really good week we are
gonna have a good week aren't we guys
yes okay everybody happy ok yeah hope
you guys have a good week see you in our
next video bye guys
