does anyone know where Lincoln is
Lincoln Lincoln hi
he told me this was his little bed is
this your little bed oh my goodness
hey well why are you scowling what's the
matter you want me to close of that no I
think he's mad kazoos doggies and then
there he was asking where's dog dealers
well let me show you guys what these
packages are I just got these in the
mail kids are wanting to destroy this
and I'm not gonna let them because that
will be such a mess okay anyway these
came and I want to start doing on
Mondays meal prep for our lunches
because we eat out for lunch a lot more
than we do for other meals and I don't
want to do that anymore so we're gonna
meal prep on Mondays and we got our
little containers to do it in Boston do
you have this doggy okay you made it in
there last time I was like do it again
oh no try it again okay try again right
there is fine go one two three go oh
dear that was nice of him to bring your
doggie now you can go to sleep Oh
Lincoln Lincoln are you gonna go to
sleep can you turn around and look up
mommy
roll over there's not enough room for
you to barely roll over and you're all
in your new bed okay good night Lincoln
good night close your eyes oh if you
guys are interested in the containers
that I got I actually think I'm gonna
love them I'll leave a link in the
description for you guys to check out
and also if you guys have any
suggestions for like lunch meal prep let
me know we got this pretty large size
package in the mail and I thought what
is in this huge box that I ordered Jessi
was in this huge box this one tiny
little book olivia is starting up her
piano
lessons again after her Christmas break
hello everybody welcome to a segment of
bad online purchases this morning we'll
be talking about the purchase that I
made that went a little bit haywire five
months ago I made an online order for
these particular boots been looking for
a long time trying to find them and I
found them but I found them extremely
cheap on a website so I ordered them one
month went by and I still hadn't
received a shipping confirmation
although the money had already been
taken out of my account another month
went by still no shipping confirmation
but I was able to make contact in an
email another month went by finally I've
got a shipping confirmation that didn't
function two more months go by and
finally the package is sitting in my
home my long awaited shoes that I've
been waiting for I was so excited to
unwrap these but what came in the mail
these nice flush loafer not the right
thing when I went to contact the company
they wouldn't respond to any of my
emails they went to anything so I had to
reorder my boots and so now I have these
and these
and that's today's segment of bad online
purchases today's haircut day I'm not a
huge fan I don't feel like doing this oh
but I'm gonna do it anyway
we've got a ton of laundry going so
that's kind of loud I have to be very
strategic with this cutting situation no
with the cutting schedule and Boston is
not a big fan right now he's not very
excited but you have to get your hair
cut
he's like are we being able to shave no
how dare you
now on to my hair cutting schedule it's
very strategic and thought out while I
am cutting bottom pair Olivia is going
to be showering and then when I am done
with Watson's haircut I'm going to cut
Olivia's hair attending Olivia's hair
Cody will be waiting
Connie will be waiting but when I am
done doing Olivia parrot then I will do
Cody's haircut and then he can shower
and then on to the rest of our day
this is
I think you blew on it okay what your
hair is to your tummy stone she's used
to be able to hold her hair out and
stretch her yes I will hurt you it's
nice over here I want everyone in the
family room okay Boston hold still Cape
Boston hold stuff ternoon Olivia I
literally cannot believe that you are
complaining that your hair is not long
it still looks so long yes it does be
longer than that we probably took off
like that much okay turning out I got to
show my final results I just have to
show my work and my progress
notice the hard part
I think I did a pretty good job blending
you guys looks so good are you okay with
your hair length oh sorry I disturbed
you are you okay
well no I mean you're with your hair
length are you happy with the way it
looks the way it turned out it feels
really nice actually it feels really
nice it does feel nice but I just don't
like it like this sure it's pretty long
I got it still to your tummy um dision
bangs no bangs why don't you tell me her
but don't ever do it well you basically
already have things yeah your care goes
to here but she cut it
now that I see how handsome you are you
do not have to
well don't mess it up but you don't have
to be like crazy about it
we're not letting these good haircuts go
to waste and these perfectly styled
hairs go to waste so please get your
shoes on and your coats on and let's go
into town okay yeah I don't think I've
ever worn through a pair of tennis shoes
in my entire life but cody has worn
through these and his little toesies
these are soaking wet by the way get
freezing he came home and his toes
looked like raisins raisins that one so
we're gonna go find some new shoes for
Cody shoes are meant to be worn for a
lady joel chu xiu threw shoes through
shoes faster than anyone I've ever known
it was actually something that really
shocked me when we got married I was
like why do you go with your shoes so
much I think it's maybe a boy thing I
don't really know but it's kind of crazy
for four years and that like that's
amazing that's amazing actually I don't
plan on getting rid of oh never
she can see grandma
so Livia told you that she can see all
the way to Grandma's house because she
has fox eyes you guys that's totally
something I would have told my sisters I
always told my sisters that I knew
everything in the entire world and they
would ask me all these questions I'd
tell them the answers and if I didn't
know the answer I'd be like what would I
tell them all the time I would be like
if I tell you all the answers then you
would know everything and I would be the
only one that didn't know everything or
that I wouldn't be the only one that
knew everything so I can't tell you that
made me laugh
you actually know everything the whole
entire world yes yeah yes I really do um
you can't be a mom unless you know
everything and I
surely know every they're lovely believe
me is it is there Vulcania in this book
oh my gosh Cody just helped me realize
these are gonna be his first pair of
shoes that require laces you don't know
how to tie laces yet Oh Cory we're gonna
have to teach you like how like
genuinely excited that cute little faces
these are the first shoes that we saw
and Cody loves them I'm so you are like
a little grown up little boy do you like
any of the other ones better I want to
get you think so you like these the very
best of all of them
around each it's not very often this
cody gets so excited about things in Hue
tae-won what do you think do you think
they look pretty cool
I just don't I'm not sure how to wear
your pants well these are you gonna try
and do ballet acquaintance I used to
hang out it was because he was asking
what we do for a living
he's like oh like I don't know it's like
I can put a video out for you guys when
I say you guys I have no idea who you
guys are I don't know who watches our
videos and it's like okay like it just
made me question my entire life anyway
we got the shoes Joel you got hyped up
second you got a car
encoding one of those he thought they
were cool he loved him and to be honest
I loved him but Mike I need to give him
some like pants I have a scrunchie on
the bottom okay okay we're gonna hurry
and eat dinner because Olivia and I have
piano lessons oh yes thank you guys for
watching today we'll see you guys
tomorrow fight
