all right Boston it's time for bed no no
yeah say Boston Wade oh you're such a
sweet like hi is Cody Cody Clark hey
what do you have in your hand
Oh cock today is that your airplane it's
out boy
yeah that's your air point huh Oh wheels
are those its wheels spin them around
spin around oh I can sell out you can't
spin them around now I just laugh away
it's flying what did we do today twice
did we swing on the swing set uh-huh did
we go to the grocery store ah yeah sure
I block twice big please we play with
the toys at the store I pay Jude you
what you're looking for
ah baori battery the battery why are you
so cute hey why are you so cute
ah no you don't know Mike
Oh treat that's a song we just ate a
grilled cheese sandwich you don't need a
treat I I don't need a treat Boston I
want you to say good night to everybody
tonight can you say I love you I writing
I love you baby boy I didn't like you
make the gun I love you bye bye oh I
love you baby boy a little okay good
night
I all right baby
it's just you and me you and me in a
stinky diaper head until daddy gets home
it's just you and me and took any
get'em you stir
did I burn um I'm not at all good
pervert
haha so bright man I am so glad you're
home we have the next couple of days off
which we are very excited about so our
vacation I always say vacation but our
weekend our weekend starts now
even though it's a Wednesday Wednesday
night like the two Friday's a week it's
great but that means I get to Monday's a
week the hardest part about having
babies is clearly the first couple of
months at least four that's me and my
magic number has always been two months
like once we can start putting the baby
to bed at like anywhere between nine and
eleven and then we can go to bed like
that is like okay we can start recouping
now I can start like feeling a little
bit normal mm-hmm
well I've noticed I've noticed that
we're kind of breaking that barrier
because Lincoln's sleeping a little bit
longer but Bonnie has a lot more energy
not that she's like Oh fully rejuvenated
but a lot more energy good morning you
guys so when I was pregnant I tried
bleaching my teeth and because I was
pregnant my gums got all inflamed and I
just couldn't do it so I've been wanting
to bleach him for a long time so today
that is what I'm gonna be doing so I've
got Boston sitting here um hanging out
you know a few Teddy gray
what is that look for so he has his
Teddy Grahams he's got Caillou
so he's set the kids are off playing and
I'm gonna make this guy well two things
you're gonna bleach your teeth with me
by a beautiful deed it's you to have
beautiful teeth yes you do look at me
you have beautiful teeth we just want to
get them all the same color mine too
my bottom ones are always more yellow
than my bottom ones ACK
don't we all feel like there that cover
though you're such a dork no it's not
okay so I need a Joel to kind of help
figure a few things out we have these
bleach kits from white with style and
the thing that I like about them is they
have this really cool light are you
figuring this out are you do you know
what we're doing yeah okay
which one so one has one is peroxide
three prong side is like your bleach
yeah most bleaches this one is with
peroxide and one is without point mint
or whatever and then this one is without
it so I'm gonna have the one without
peroxide because I think that one's for
more sensitive teeth and you're just
gonna have the regular one that has
peroxide in it yes ma'am
me okay yeah I got a nervous there seems
like I don't know yeah I'm gonna take
you to it first you want me to hold the
baby no no let's just get this I can do
this all right all right
Joel you look amazing it looks so
professional with the little light in
there do you feel pretty cool I'm
excited we have honestly we have
honestly been wanting to bleach his
teeth for a really long time so white
with style gave me a discount code we've
all felt pretty cool about having a
discount code with our name in it so
with - okay we can understand what
you're saying okay so I'm gonna have
white with styles link listed down below
so if you want to check out their bleach
kits you can and they gave me a coupon
code bonny 28 if you use that code you
get the whole kit for 28 bucks I think
originally the kits are two hundred and
seventy bucks so it actually gets you
some money off with a thing I'm excited
to try mine do you feel like it's
working mm-hmm
aha
the more I think it feels good I like it
I think I already feel a difference
we'll do that like a couple times out
how many weeks but and then but the
thing I like is like my teeth didn't
bill disgusting your words like you
don't feel like in it like you know you
get a little bit in your mouth you taste
it not bad
I liked it when I first put these in my
mouth I thought okay well this is going
to be cool no flippin lie every I've
used Crest Whitestrips I've used the
bleach from the dental office I've used
like other different kind of bleaches
that you can get I bleached my teeth
ever since I was in like junior high
yeah I'm not very often I only do it
like maybe a couple times a year but I
always just keep my teeth light not one
time did I feel like I was getting like
pains in my teeth not one time did I
feel like it was bubbling in my teeth
what I want to know is did you bother
your teeth and all like wasn't sensitive
at all did it hurt your gums no no I
always feel like oh I'm hurting my teeth
it tastes good like it kind of has a
minty flavor to it and I've never had
that with any of my bleaching stuff I'm
not kidding this was amazing Oh so if
you want to check out bleach that does
not hurt your teeth and that works
really well go ahead and check it out
you're welcome
vocal
okay so I was buying a pair of earrings
to your at Sam's Club and the guy was
putting the paper here hold this I'll
demonstrate so look at the way this
paper it's just like sitting here so
right but this isn't all nice I could
kind of like fit in nicely and he was
trying to separate this or do something
with it if you got frustrated if you get
stuff and shoved it in the back anyway
it was a little awkward a little funny I
I personally love when like funny things
happen that are awkward anyway so yes
we're here at Sam's Club yes I think we
should look at Halloween costumes
because I haven't even thought about
Halloween this year haven't even thought
about it I think I have a pretty good
excuse though my minds were occupied
with the baby I think last year's
costumes were just fine well Olivia
doesn't have one for last year trash and
Boston doesn't have one nobody has a
spider-man one that's where he'll be and
he's even care look at him all he cares
about is funding GFS rice stuffed animal
hey cut what you do it Cody Clark what
are you doing Olivia scoot back anywhere
easiest way and he's gone
good luck oh yeah Cody hey what are you
doing in there oh my gosh seriously come
on I need your kitchen
yeah oh okay look wait what did you make
pasta in sick
what ate a big one you made a big one
show me mister
oh wow that is a big picture Olivia
what's yours okay so I can I can I can t
Hut okay
I can play Oh make a bet thing I'm fine
like what people myself okay this is I'm
cutting the smith puppy ads or just go
starve on i can play Oh it'll make some
grass Cody what's yours mine is where
Wow's are in the lab water put some nog
legit
oh yes King so I've got the kids
coloring because we're just kind of
waiting passing some time before we go
have dinner with who who
are we gonna dance yes we are gonna eat
at their cousins Zachary's house Joel's
brother lives up here and luggage away
which we love so we're gonna go over and
have dinner with them and I would have
these guys say goodnight but they're
just taking a quick maker oh he's all
like can you say goodbye to everybody
okay we'll see you guys in next video
have a really good week give the video a
thumbs up and we'll see you guys next
time bye hey guys leave him alone
