oh you got your arm out you got your
arms out I didn't do a very good job
wrapping you maybe it was because it was
5:00 in the morning he did so good last
night he slept from I think 9:00 and I
woke him up about 5:30 so that I could
get him back to sleep and then have time
to get ready because today is a very
special day we are taking um Lincoln to
church for the first time since he's
been born I don't like to take him to
church too early because there's lots of
people lots of germs and for germs for
my sake and for his sake I don't want to
get me or him sick um but today we're
taking him to church and we are giving
him a baby blessing and so it's kind of
a big day it's kind of a fun special day
let's go get you fed and ready oh you're
happy you are so happy oh wow you're a
good sleeper let's go eat oh my god ah
it's good ah hey sweetie what are you
doing
Connor you look beautiful
look at you did you have a fun night
last night what did you do away with who
kidding where'd you go Hotel oh you had
to a hotel that's fun thank you had ice
cream meats did you break your ice cream
cone
yeah yeah what are we doing today oh
yeah we are hi I'm Dee Josh actually you
buy at Uncle Joe's on cream ice cream
okay good go gets my skin for me go no
go you were on the couch and Russell was
in Bobo's room so when I put you to bed
I gave me a blanket and a pillow that
you step on the couch when did you get
up and go to bed with Russell I don't
wanna sleep upstairs oh just for a sec
yeah did you go down there right away or
did you swing took nap I went to sleep
okay so you waited till I was out and
away and then you got your blanket you
went downstairs were you afraid the
grandpa would get mad at ya yeah you
should go right to the edge or should I
write to the page here with the peanut
butter
well er looks nice Joel alright daddy
are you getting your big boy ready for
church good lotion him up it's church
debut I wanted to show you the outfit
that I was blessed in when I was a baby
um the collar what if it was washed
recently it would go white but I was
blessed in a little white hat and I
think my grandma Griffis knitted these
or someone maybe my mom did I don't know
I'm not really sure I can't remember but
this is the pink little outfit that I
was blessed in and the thing that I
think is really sweet is these little
socks it's really hard to find baby
socks that are tall that stay up on
babies
and so I blessed all three of my boys in
these little socks
I believe Ruby borrowed them and blessed
her baby boy and these socks and I think
Julie blessed her baby in these little
socks so it makes it kind of special
having all these little babies blessed
in the same little things and I did
borrow Ellie's little blanket today so
I'm going to use her blanket that my
grandma
also knitted for Ellie when she was a
baby and I needed one so she's gonna let
me borrow it so
I want to just Bridget mom and dad oh
sure right there perfect you just like
lower down dad knocking mom you're
acting like Chang will your honor
priests deathlike is cuddling and mom
and her necklace cashews looks amazing
just can't get involved that's a thing
with kids you can't have a nice suit and
go to church when you have infants this
is going in the closet now predicts like
oh like I go to nursery
I just think it's cute that he checks
out our grapes when it comes
you
cody has known to wrestle with that now
that is cousin chad is here
they've been out there for 20 minutes
probably 40 minutes actually look at
that smile
they aren't wrestling or hitting
whatever you want to call it it's a
little past wrestling that's like MMA
like they've just been doing this they
love it oh shoot this fire and chad is
just like holding him up Chad's a good
sport how cute is that
uh-oh yep so what did you think of the
day I had a great day
did you yeah yeah this guy me and him
we had a good day today huh bud is
rooting for something yeah right I have
seriously been nursing him off he is not
hungry I have been nursing him all day
he's tired I think he's tired he hasn't
had like an official nap all day yeah he
is kinda like get bad what are you
getting at where's you gay was a
beautiful day and I feel like everyone
that came enjoyed themselves I hope they
did anyway did you did you enjoy your
day I enjoyed my day
Joe me to help you hold him what what
what am i doing around here this is
ridiculous I I handed Joe the camera he
goes I'm holding the baby I'm like yeah
I hold the baby and I nursed like all
the time do you guys need a drink I need
some aqua they're still outside oh good
Boston's crawling around in his church
clothes on the Smith
oh and licking the cement did I just see
him lick the cement yep yep that's
happening okay I'll get Eugene just a
second
well we are just about exhausted would
you say you're exhausted from the day
make a good stand here and sleep I'm
pretty shy to stand and sleeping I'm
just praying that he takes a little nap
so that we can get the kids to bed give
a place cleaned up and enjoy the rest of
our evening I'm gonna sleep good tonight
thank you guys so much for watching we
really appreciate it don't forget to
give this video a thumbs up I will see
you next video bye guys
see you guys hashtag blessed no I'm not
putting that in help bye guys bye oh my
god
