we can you had your very first blowout
today doing Shanghai black and Kosh oh
my word you might know it might sound
wait I see happy to have a hangnail that
you were fighting so we put a bandaid on
it didn't mean he actively clip it yep
you know we're gonna do this morning
no yeah do you know why we're cutting
your hair because Lincoln's baby
blessing is this weekend you know we're
gonna take link into church for the
first time on Sunday now I'm gotcha rich
you'd like to get your 10 and grandmas
coming God is coming
yes and chatty and sherry is love me
what he come yes
everyone's coming Henry cave and we can
debate Henry is coming hey Kate is
coming hi grandma you're on deck Cobbers
here Nicola book Church you want grandpa
to come to church he's good new Oh yep
yes good morning you guys we need to get
these kids haircuts because we do have a
big weekend and I have a lot to get done
so cook Boston you hang out over there
and Cody we are gonna get your hair cut
yes undies
yeah Boston I have to cut your hair
okay you're done yeah okay Boston come
over here we'll get your hair done you
gotta take your glasses off look you and
you got to put your book down hey come
here
Cody you play until me and Boston are
done with his hair put your book down
Boston okay run over here yes we will
are you ready for your haircut yeah well
hi my Barbie car gave a trims up is
buddy car take your pants off your hair
all over I'm can you stand in your
diaper laughs hold on my neck hold on
right next like a lift yup look put your
arm around me okay
okay stone what so mad a snowman I think
it's so mad
assuming Boston and Boston are you a big
boy or are you a baby take a break
you're a big boy baby baby no see I'm a
big boy yeah baby who's a baby boy who's
the baby baby this Lincoln is winking a
baby yeah okay I'm here yes
they track you be a big boy when I cut
your hair hold still okay look folks
okay yes Barbie car Boston look forward
okay
oh I wish I wouldn't have gone so short
last and I'm cutting all your hair off
that's even number three oh no do it Bob
not like grandma's did grandma shave her
head bald she did didn't she
can you should do a mad face
no don't look just do it right here your
mad face you're happy okay my dad bird
Austin group in your diaper boo-boo
you talk nice ooh you're just talking
dirty throw okay before he really has to
I really have to go by imam can't go
potty
he'll come back okay it's okay
you're cute - Cody
now you'll kill Oh - professor I love
you - Cody you're cute
Boston's cute your cable daddy's cute
okay
Lincoln's cute Yale is momma q good
thank you
what with you oh it's Boston cute I like
you what that cute what that back heel
dad a cute - hey who liked you I do you
like room are you a little are true are
you will watch your room flash you
barging bloody boom larger than wat
laundry room hey laundry room
laundry room laundry room you know what
you're all done I am she will take a
bath oh well you have to take a bath
repeat it she no did she get you to
change kitchen Ellie came over this
afternoon and we let the kids just kind
of play and I knew Jackson had gotten
into this drawer while he was napping in
here which was just fine because he was
hurting anything and he was being quiet
in the playpen and Boston I was shocked
was sleeping through it all no he was
not sleeping through it all I I don't
like when the kids get into these
tractors and stuff that's in the closet
because they hit my walls with them and
so I like to be there Randy I don't you
don't hit my wife and kept on eating
Jack who has very little yep that's
right you were one yeah and he just got
into everything I got most of the
clothes that he got into put back I just
feel like I feel like you know the
saying this is why we can't have nice
things
I feel like that applies to me right now
I try so hard to like I would a good
contractor I know
Lincoln has a slept all day I'm trying
to get my house like cleaned up and it's
like I was vacuuming and the floor still
looks like a flippin mess like there's
just stains like a month where do these
things come from how am I supposed to
get new carpet if all my kids are gonna
do is like get stains all over him again
I just I don't know I feel like I'm
going backwards just a little bit okay
so I think we found you a new favorite
TV show Bernard Bernard Bernard keep
last Tuesday
Bernard Bernard his lab this day watch
the whole thing I'm watching so we're
watching Bernard this is what the kids
were laughing at in the bedroom I'm
laughing it's like I think I'm laughing
because they're laughing and a lot
because I'm like anticipating what's
gonna happen here that's not even funny
and I'm like trying not to love is that
funny yeah
so first thing in the morning like five
in the morning we're gonna get up and go
down to my sister Ruby's house the boys
are going to be doing a some sort of
like a golf tournament and so yeah
they're gonna go down and do that and
hopefully that'll be a nice day but then
we've got to come home and get some yard
work done before the many blessings so
it's going to be a busy day tomorrow
so I hope these kids go to bed quickly
tonight it's been a long long day we've
on chores done we've played a little and
now it is bedtime purple no peridot blue
and brown get brown purple will you Lou
grey yeah or reg okay okay let's just
bust away is this Liz this house
look what sassy complet giving up a 4:30
in the morning check golf tournament
check s one under par one under okay
lemon all of our chores the lawn mowed
the flowerbeds we did edged house
cleaned check check
two kids gone check check two kids in
bed oh the best night with Boston ever
that was so sweet like you don't get
one-on-one time and I encourage if you
have kids try to get one-on-one time
sometime like a one-on-one day good for
both of you it's good for both of you
awesome so sweet he was a dream mm-hmm
one-on-one time with bunny big big day
tomorrow
we're excited he'd be fine well film it
yeah
we'll show you guys that later okay good
night we're so tired like you know what
though what I did have a really nice
time today
