I just got done with my six week
postpartum doctor appointment and I
thought I never did a nursery tour and
so I will give you my six-week update
and I will give you a very quick nursery
tour so went and I know you guys have
all seen this room a million times but
we'll just go through it anyway so when
you walk into the bedroom this is just
the bedroom and I spend most of my time
right here in this chair I nurse and I
have this little stand right here that I
keep the diapers and the whites down
there and then the nursing pads Burt
Claus cream that kind of stuff um I
wanted to go over these these are
reusable nursing pads that I bought
thinking Oh awesome I'll save a little
bit of money and just use these they are
wretched I hate them I I leak through
them which is kind of crazy they I feel
wet when I wear them all day they don't
keep the moisture away from your body
I absolutely hate them and when I was
sore I would stick to them like I would
kind of like have to like pull him off
of me when I was there terrible I hate
them and this is the only pair I have
left because I've thrown them all away
um something that I have learned about
these disposable nursing pads let me
show you I'll set the camera right here
I've always hated because they're kind
of dome shaped when you open them like
this and I've just kind of left him that
way I did not and so you can kind of see
him through your shirt I did not know
that if you pull this tab right here it
opens up a little bit pull the tab opens
up a little bit and then it can lay
flush in your shirt and you don't really
see it through your shirt and that noise
that you're hearing Joel is downstairs
working on a bedroom so he's like
ripping ceilings down this stuff down
but if I didn't do this right now it
wasn't going to happen so um I have
Olivia's baby picture Kody's baby
picture and Boston's baby picture and I
did order that same frame and I'm going
to move this picture over here on the
wall so I'll have the three babies and
then Lincoln's picture will go right
here I have a bag of just baby toys
those are all just baby toys and then
the crib that I'm sure you have all seen
a million times just the little pictures
up top and some baby bouncers and things
and I like the open space in the floor
because I don't let the kids usually
take those baby toys out and play with
them so the only time they get a play
with them is if I'm in here nursing
they'll just be occupied right here
so the biggest thing for the closet this
is the before picture of the closet and
it was a disaster and it still looks
very cluttered because there's a lot of
stuff in here but this is the after I
still have all the blankets up top and
up here these are all the things that I
knew I would need um extra nursing pads
someone gave these to me these are
disposable bibs so maybe when he gets
older I'll use those of course you need
but paste I go through that like crazy
as a newborn I know you don't need
tylenol they don't need it but whenever
I have gone to use baby tylenol when
they're old enough I'm out and so I
wanted to make sure that I had it on
hand so that when I need it in the
middle of the night I have it these I
have had to use these are liquid enemas
for babies and I've needed to use them
when the kids are old enough I like
using the Pedialyte the powder form
those are my favorite you find them at
Walmart they're kind of expensive but I
like having them on hand um baby powder
I like having a stockpile of the lotion
and the soaps this is just the
humidifier that
they're not even sure what's back here I
think I've got some extra bottles some
formula that came in the mail just
random stuff and extra pinkies blankets
these are clothes from the boys that are
still in perfect condition Boston did
not wear very many of Cody's old clothes
because he grew so fast but the timing
has worked out pretty well I've had all
the babies in the summer ish pretty
clothes in months
so the clothes should line up with his
age and these are just the ones that I
felt like I would want to put on him
again and a couple stockpile of diapers
and wipes that is the frame that I will
be putting Lincoln's pictures in which
we did get his pictures taken and so it
should be a pretty soon these are shoes
that the kids have gone through that
still are in good shape
oh.sorry is so live downstairs that
scared me that kinda scared me these
shoes are still in good shape that
Lincoln can wear from the other boys and
and these are just little hats that
we've had my aunt Marta made a few of
these my cousin Lisa made a few of these
and some old some extra bow ties oh it's
just like so sweet going through these
and little booties that kind of stuff
the bum bow is in here because he's not
quite big enough for it yet a car seat
for the cover for the winter a bumper
when he needs it for the crib and then
these are all of Olivia's old clothes I
do not know what I'm going to do with
Olivia's old clothes every time I go
through them I ball I'm not going to be
able to get rid of these I might keep
them forever but I do know there are a
few pieces that I could part with that
are still in perfect condition I only
keep clothes if they are in mint
condition just because you don't want to
put like raggedy clothes on a baby but
some of them I will piece out and give
to siblings if any of them have any
girls
so come on sisters have some girls oh my
gosh the noise sensors it's so loud
this is a very casual video sorry hey um
this Ellie and I went shopping the other
day and I got this for the winter that
I'm so so excited about so that's pretty
much it for the room tour pretty simple
and easy so when I first came home from
the hospital on I had ridiculous
headaches the headaches were insane but
since then they have cleared up for the
most part the baby is now sleeping
stretches of about five hours at night
some nights are better than others
and but that's kind of where he's
consistent at is about five hours so I
put him to bed around ten twelve one two
three up and that's out right he'll get
up around three and I'll feed him and
then he'll be up around six or seven
which is perfect that's when I get up
with kids anyways around 7:00 so tummy
sleeping oh my gosh I have been loving
sleeping on my stomach it's my favorite
way to sleep and I cannot tell you how
much I have been enjoying it it has been
basically amazing so something that I
always like to know with I'm like
reading notes here on my phone something
that I always wonder about other women
that have had babies I always want to
know if they if they tour at all when
they delivered and with uh if you
watched my birth videos from the other
kids I will have them linked below down
below just in case you missed them I'll
put them there so you can hear about the
other birth stories of my kids but I
have torn with all of them and with
Lincoln was no exception I tore but just
a teeny tiny bit I had two stitches
which is nothing compared to the other
ones that I have had Lincoln sleeps in
his crib I know a lot of people were
wondering if why I didn't have him in my
room or they thought I I don't know I
can't sleep with the baby in my room I
if I hear one little noise I'm sleeping
and I I wake up and I sit there and I
think I'll Casey gonna wake up is either
wake up oh I hope he doesn't wake up and
I'm awake and he's over there
grunting in the sleep the noise is
making me crazy I'm sorry but I'm doing
this video whether it's noisy or not
something that I do want to talk about
is post depression and like baby blues
my mom is super good to make sure that
we're doing okay and with this with this
with this baby I feel like I have had
much more success I don't feel like I
have gotten as blue because it just
happens um any time Joel left for work I
would cry my eyes out with this time
around which was normal just because I
hated when he had to go back to work and
that happened for several weeks every
time he would leave I would ball just
because it's so daunting sometimes but I
feel like I've done the best honestly
because I have my sister in the same
city and it just helps it just helps and
it makes me feel sad for my sister
that's out of state or my sister that's
three hours away or my sister-in-law
that's a couple hours away because I
don't know it's just it's nice having
someone right there I do feel like
YouTube and doing these videos has
helped me stay really positive too
because I feel like okay I have to
record today so I need to get up I need
to breathe be able to talk not cry and
so I do feel like doing these videos has
really helped me stay positive and to
stay out of that baby blues session and
also the comments I always appreciate
your guys's comment so it's nice to hear
oh hey you look like you have life
together well even though I might not
I appear that way so let's chalk one up
for that yay I do feel like for the most
part I am back to myself I have no clue
I'm still in my maternity clothes I
don't have any clothes that fit I don't
have anything to wear but I don't want
to buy bigger clothes do you not I mean
that is always such a struggle I am
going to buy one new pair
and then hopefully I'll be able to fit
into some stuff by December ish maybe I
don't know for me usually by the
one-year mark that's when I'm like oh
hey so that's really all I have for you
for the nursery tour and the six-week
postpartum update thank you for
following me along this whole journey it
has been actually a lot of fun to
document and for me personally I am
grateful that I have the documentation
so I will see you in my next video bye
guys
kind of sub not suppositories these I
had to use these are baby suppose wah
and I feel like I just okay so that's
that and yeh I don't pop on you guys
this is weird
I haven't sat down to one of you see you
