good morning you guys we are at the
dentist okay
yep Ren grab Boston I'll hold the door
can you hold the door for dad look put
your arm here so the art door doesn't
shut come on in you guys want to push
the buttons
wait is come here
fine number two don't push it yet both
of you put your finger on it you want to
carry push Oh
Boston's walking up the stairs guess
we're on our own yeah it's okay dumb dad
knows just where to go my kids are nuts
then what the dentist do you guys like
come to the dentist
yeah Pete you saw how I reacted when I
went to the dentist it was if you go all
the way here
what's your office Lynch matches your
shirt but you know look come here come
here bud blasting why are you nervous
you weren't nervous last time he was
like so little last time so wire oh he
was tiny he was just this tiny little
thing and he just laid here and got his
teeth done I think it's because we're
just drawing one here close Boston hair
okay let me show you this my idea this
is my toothbrush let me feel it with
your finger supersoft feel it okay
and look what it does it tickle so
Boston Boston makeup mama hey we're
gonna lay here and we're gonna watch a
movie and she's gonna look at your teeth
okay we've done honey Shh Oh see that's
much better
ya know he breaks loose again this is
how you hear but you're not gonna hear
okay I'll get your little drink on the
water a little drink it looks like such
a big boy this is so funny kind of his
teeth look how they look good
I am they were not brushed this morning
I'm sure you can tell well that's my
brother's philosophy laughing here's a
drink
so looks about teeth a little bit of
water
hey we're gonna be calm almost over
almost on Boston ah open your mouth open
really big open really big Boston open
your mouth look open your mouth oh there
we go
oh did you tell him about your loose
tooth
oh nice I think she was going today
we're gonna pull it out today no not
today
you can do it all by yourself okay she
said we're gonna make it nice and pretty
for the tooth fairy huh yeah let me see
your teeth
c'mere dresser Debbie mr. T's smile big
oh they're so shiny you don't play okay
oh boy that's right here she's blinking
away
oh good morning is beautiful guy did you
can you show me can you two actually can
your teeth good job no I want him to
stay in this car seat because you know
what we're going to do and we're done
we're going to go to the grocery store
I'm feeling heavy storms I literally
never know the kids birthdays am I the
only pair in the world that does not
other kids birthday really mom I'm so
sad okay but do you think she's thinking
this is the best this is wonderful just
watching a little movie up on the
ceiling hanging out crossing your leg oh
I wish those pants came in my size
you kid
no cavities aren't you a little more
excited than agile I'm ecstatic their
day is coming no I am so proud that we
have no cavities you guys did you get
they all got stickers and new
toothbrushes good job that's a lot
really quick I guess if I was doing mail
oh my gosh
did you get it I think so oh you don't
know if you got it
there was a spider crawling in my hair
what we do which oh I thought it was a
fly I was like you she flying I was like
it's not flying oh I feel like such a
girl like when and where when where how
that was like a jumping spider
I know oh oh hair hey blonde this hair
good thing you didn't overreact yep I
thought new guys are supposed to sleep
all the time oh I am trying to find an
outfit to wear to church on Sunday and I
don't know but I'm sure many of you know
it's really hard to dress a muffin top
yep yes it is and I think that the only
thing that's gonna work is this and I
don't know I think that's it
he's crying i sweating and I just
there's a very cheeky and I don't have
time to go out of woman
this is what we're going to do I thought
somehow babies crying I thought for sure
if you just say okay I think this is it
this is what we're going with I think
the skirts a little tight the other size
is too big and so anyway so much I hate
shopping I'm usually in tears by the
time I'm done I think the only solution
for this whole dressing a muffin top
situation is well very clear I think I
need to get July somewhere ice cream the
sky looks super pretty tonight it's kind
of done me some good to be out and in
the fresh air so excited to go home to
Joel I found an outfit oh good job just
a mask
yes like well Congrats a baby yeah and
you screamed the entire time I was
trying clothes on I know I was actually
surprised hey I pulled in really good do
you see how tight this is if I pull the
suburban in just right then we can open
the door all the way hey I did really
good
still scary as heck oh we ripped a door
off my parents car you didn't know
well like ripped it backwards my dad was
backing out and my brother opened the
door fast and he hit the ball and they
just was like I was like Tommy Boy
seriously where'd you dad do we won't
put that on film you know talk about
that go backwards go that way um so I
fed the kids and got him in their
jammies and then I left Joel to put them
to bed what did you do with them we read
a bunch and then I mean real have you
read one of them that was like oh good
an easier one good good words that she
would know good good that is good I
think we should end the vlog outside
because it looks really pretty out here
I mean the last leaf actually doesn't
look pretty it's just and it just feels
really nice
it just feels good to be outside right
in the air it's not too cold but like
follows upon us know what that means
bond what Christmas Christmas husband
please miss chocolates move you've gone
up oh well I had a Michigan pan used to
say that oh jeez miss Jo bit wrong with
you okay
well we are gonna end our vlog so hope
you guys enjoyed it I will see you on
Monday have a good weekend bye guys
I had a really nice time
