if there is one thing that we have
learned what has that been in the
projects that we've done twice as long
then you think there's always something
you can't see twice as long right we
were not supposed to hold on we had no
intentions of taking this wall down but
I didn't want to just mitigate it
whatever the stains on the carpet we
didn't know where they were from
but right behind where the stains were
behind the wall there that's where like
the patches in the mall door and so we
know that the mold came out under the
carpet and the previous owners just
cleaned it when we toured the house this
room is lined with filing cabinet and so
I'm sure that mold just grew behind and
they didn't do anything so we are taking
care of the problem or is it not as bad
as you thought like did you really need
to rip the whole wall down yeah cuz I
found a source like that I found the
source now which is good right here I
put a window yeah so it's from the
window or is it from outside where the
could be from the window or the window
seal underneath so you're not exactly
sure what the problem is I'm not
entirely sure but I know where the
source is so new update we are doing new
carpet we were not planning on carpeting
the basement rooms until wery carpeted
the basement which is not gonna be for
like I was saying till like next year
but I think we're just gonna have to so
this wall came down because there's more
gold than we thought we do know the
source
and we're gonna get that fixed but we
just figure we may as well do new carpet
in here and in the boys room and then
we'll just finish go ahead you just keep
working well you know this isn't the
worst carpet but it is time to get rid
of it so if anybody wants it just leave
a comment below Joe that's disgusting no
it is the worst carpet they'll be at the
Logan City landfill oh I gotta pick up
carpet this is like I don't have it I
know I know what I want actually yes I
kind of do know what I want but we need
to go pick it out I don't even have a
pink color friend here we were supposed
to be done with this project this
weekend well today was gonna wrap up
everything except for the sheetrock I'm
so healing we were like great we're
gonna be done and then start digging
into something and just just just kind
of just how viral is out of control it
will be nice to have the bedrooms done
because when we do the basement it'll be
nice to just the kids can stay in their
rooms the kids won't have to be sleeping
out in the basement like they're doing
now so it'll be good this will be it's
actually probably best that we're doing
it like this yeah
did you take him back up
come here come in also um be a soul
where did you find it
I saw at the store maybe I let him have
it but guess what he had it and he slept
through all this noise give me piston
lay down so we can change your diapy
your poo-poos can you lay down so we can
change your diaper
hi he's like what is dad doing in there
lots of work no lay down we're gonna
change your diaper
come on Weston they done good boy you
want to lay that way so you can see
daddy you can lay down
good morning good morning
you want cereal do you know what what is
that you see you find him a treat
can you find him a tree yeah
Cody herb can foster a tree you're
bossing a treat yes give him one of
yours I'll get you some more I'll give
you more just share your traits with
them well did you find it did you get it
see you are so dirty I can't believe I
let you sleep in your bed that dirty
what was it well I thought Boston had
played with my hitch and undone the
latch so fellas it undone no it wasn't
but I just I'm bad inkling so I thought
I double check I was double check your
hitch we were going to pick out some
carpet but the kids are being maniacs
not listening and so I get the pleasure
of sitting in the suburban with them
while they sit and just sit there
strapped in their seatbelts and Joel is
picking out a few things that he needs
to get from the store
what did you say oh you wanted him to
put a show on for me because I came out
to record you Cody show me your awesome
dance moves
yeah hurry hurry that's not your hula
hoop one show me your hands
show me your Hulu one Cody
show me your hula hoop dance what was
for dinner tonight
who's per kid Joe and I are just trying
to take care of a baby
put together and they have a piece of
bread with a piece of cheese in between
and I nuked it for like 30 seconds
they're happy they're eating it
okay they're entertaining themselves out
there all right kiddies we have had a
long day that was very unexpected I have
a pounding headache
I know Joel is exhausted the kids are
like hyper crazy but we are gonna end
the night with a book boston hand the
book back
thank you okay we can't throw babes
we're gonna read a little book we're
gonna read stamps it's a little golden
book that was given to me by my mama so
Boston can you guys say good night to
everybody good night thank you guys so
much for watching and we'll see you guys
in our next video Joel you want to say
goodbye to everybody that's kind of how
we feel I know it's been a little crazy
you know the wall up that's good yeah
yeah we buy insulation so now that wall
actually being insulated it'll actually
be warm in here
so it's a good thing okay okay see you
guys I'm having a real nice time
