I've got way dear 0:01 in the morning
you came in my room and had a bloody
nose huh gosh darn it
yes oh do you can go get some cereal hey
no meals oh fish
you want some goldfish okay who opened
your door this morning
go it I'll be right cold you opened it I
like that you come see me in the morning
oh yeah yes it's weekend do you want to
hold thinkin hey okay when I'm done
feeding him you can hold him asked watch
the light is that your flashlight I
think that's Olivia sucker holder
where's Olivia still at is Olivia at
school oh yeah we got her off to school
a little bit go huh why did Cody open
your door this morning cuz cuz why
clubbin neck yeah why did Cody open your
door cos were you proud say I'm lying I
use claim I love how you say your R's
crying are you kissing him okay yeah his
eyes a jiggle faint you who's going to
sleep you were Lincoln and that girls
make him go to sleep yep momma's gonna
go to the grocery store and daddy's
gonna watch you I don't want to leave
you it makes me so sad like I don't want
to leave my little baby but you're in
good hands
I'll take good care of you I'll see you
in 20 minutes
I'll hurry hurry hurry alright I rolled
out of bed and came to the store this
morning while I had
minute to do it while Joel was home and
I I'm so frustrated because this is the
second time I'm going to be making this
meal today I am making a meal because my
mom is coming yay and anyway I've got
everything that I need to make sloppy
joes I like to make it with Turkey
though and I they were out of Turkey I
wanted to make some salsa more salsa but
they were out of cilantro and can't make
it without cilantro anyway so I'm like
feeling frazzled already because I'm in
a hurry
plus I didn't have what I needed and it
all cut open um and this is the second
time I'm making the meal and it's not
going to be how I want it to be so I
will hopefully be able to make it out of
here with everything that I need exactly
we're cutting a pepper we almost cut my
finger there good job
hey it's Cody's turn I'll give you
another turn but you gotta hold on we
gotta wait I'm Fred hey boy what a goal
it this is my biggest pepper I think
I've ever seen I was excited when I
bought it
oh good babe what the mom what Cody
no I won't cut my finger
but thanks for looking out for me
not gonna lie sometimes cooking with the
kids is a nightmare but I figure it
gives them something to do and they're
not off making a mess so I guess being
patient and letting them help me is
better than going and finding a big mess
when I'm done cooking why are you
talking you talking to me why am I
talking mm-hmm um yeah well a lot of
times I talk to myself but the cameras
on we're recording us cooking did you
know that you know
okay okay it's Boston's turn here Boston
how'd it go Lucy we'll do it somewhere
we'll do it smart can you let go Cody be
right with you guys
no it's just we're gonna take turns
because I just don't want anyone cutting
my hand off he's trying so hard okay
hold on
he's trying so hard to overpower my hand
okay finish up with me Cody see you're
not overzealous Boston wants to do
nothing yes feel I will not cut myself
Thank You Boston um you just hold the
top of my hand Boston wants to hold that
I might not you always could hit
perfectly on so I didn't cut your knee
off okay ugh
okay and a bet me you're coming like
Batman and that's good that and like peg
right he's talking about his Halloween
costumes like Batman and piglet huh oh I
need to think about Halloween Don I just
wrote a so much mama will do that okay
thank you all right mom
well what do you boys think does it
taste good hey you little stinkers they
have been so cute today and now they
just sit there first tell me is it good
uh-huh good you had a little bloody nose
last night didn't you at 1:00 in the
morning he came in and told me or he
came up and gotten he was like mommy
knows his lady I promised I wasn't
picking it he probably was but we sat on
the bathroom floor with some toilet
paper in your nose waiting for your nose
to stop bleeding huh yeah they get that
from me um this turned out much better
today it still is not like how I usually
have it but it's totally fine this guy
has been fighting me on naps all day
today it is 12:30 and he still hasn't
napped once and so I gave him a bath got
him nice and tired because Bhau
always wear him out kind of nice and
tired and now he is happy on me I have
never had a baby want me like this never
that he is so happy now that he's on me
Hey
Hey
I have to ask grandma a question today I
was on the phone with my sister Julie
and we both were saying how uh since
we've been married
you know we used to be really cute and
really fun and like our husbands were
really lively and really playful with
Vanessa's and nephews but now we both
feel like we yell a lot and our husbands
used to be really nice but now they're a
little more short yeah
and we wondered are we just lame now or
will we get our pet back in our step
will our husbands be a little bit more
patient like you tell me if you're
experienced
okay okay okay yeah I just live a night
like it's just like and it's just like
like just a little bit and you're
working and you're tired and you're
raising kids and you're having to yell
at them a little because they want
messaging it for the 50th time mm-hmm
and yes it it does get better yes yes
times I didn't mean to get teary-eyed
but I'm looking at my mom like is it
gonna get better but it does and you
know what your has oh your husband's
guts out right now yeah that was our
conclusion that's kind of what we
thought too and I told Julie telling her
like a little cheering her on and
cheering myself on as I said it it's
just our childbearing year these are
rough it's rough on everybody our
husbands are tired we're tired let me
ask you do you remember me
yelling up the kids and down at channels
that all you can remember no I don't
need a big dick all they're gonna
remember is mom yelling at me no that is
no no
I remember so Matt gives me held him
thank you thanks mom
so is dinner good yeah can I finish my
cookie man really oh good what's wrong
good mama yes you cookies today you're
healthy oh who helps me make the cookies
you kids did I didn't yeah really good
good I can have a dozen more but we're
only gonna have one no I'm helping her
she's helping me we're just gonna have
one maybe bye hasn't he gotten big happy
up moves
thank you just can't get enough of me
well I'm gonna say they're not gonna let
you share or they're not gonna let you
just have him to herself and you know I
made sure to make it clean yeah I got
all excited because my mom was here and
totally forgot to end the vlog because
the baby was crying all night my mom was
here with me for a little bit of it and
then I just went to bed
totally forgot to end the vlog so I got
Joel here which this will be your first
sighting in the whole video you're on my
hair you're on my area tell him what
you've been watching the new Muppet Show
I think it's probably seems a little
kiddush but I've always been a big
buffets fan Joel loves the Muppets
well I remember my dad took me to see
the Muppets Treasure Island and the
Muppets Christmas Carol in the movie
theaters oh thanks dad thanks mom but
it's the new Muppets movie it's kind of
like an office meets Spin City meets
like the light show I don't know it's
kind of funny it's it's not like adult
adult but it's like kids aren't gonna
like this Muppets show really but it's
clean but it's cute it's just it's just
not a kid shows but it's fun to sting I
like it I'm gonna enjoy it what are we
gonna watch tonight everything I watch
scandal without Joel and that's on again
oh good watch that without it sir can
you watch Grey's Anatomy without me I
was going toward raising out of me
without you but I thought you would want
to watch it me look again got to see
what freak shows happening this year we
have a modern family okay goodnight you
guys and we'll see you in our next video
bye guys
