good morning you guys I need to get
myself ready and Lincoln does not like
taking and his first nap for the day by
himself at night he goes to bed while on
his own during the day he goes to bed
well on his own but that first nap I
have noticed he likes to sleep on me be
wrapped strapped to me so I said Joel
please take him take a nap with him so I
can get myself ready and I can get the
kids ready and he's doing a really good
job
Olivia just went got the mail and there
was a surprise package in the mail from
so I was like I heard a little bit of a
knock and I was like okay and then when
I looked on it I was like it's for
everyone
who's it from it's from Logan no from
who okay see your knife skills oh okay
this is from Grandma howleen Cody here
scoot back just a little bit kiddos I'd
like just as exciting a fair I'm like
what is it what are those how did
grandma know we may what are those I
love Halloween ones yeah yeah they are
what else we got Boston oh good
what oh those are for me no we're not
opening those just quite yet
so do you know what you gotta do eyes on
it ya see all these empty pictures I
need ya see there's an empty face come
up and you get all these stickers and
you can put like sticker eyes look see
like you put those eyes on that face you
can put faces on pumpkins or you can yet
do like crazy mouths on some of these or
bubble gums does that look pretty cool
hey you guys work on those and then you
can show me what you come up with you
hate a sour treat grandma good choice of
treats best price ever I loved the
watermelon showers I don't like the the
sour patch kids I don't think those room
it was good they're too sour these are
perfect show me what you've done no done
Olivia show me yours okay show me yours
right so I've been trying to find it out
okay you guys have been in here forever
and you don't even have oh I'm here I'll
help you I bet there's two of these guys
let me help you find
okay that one's a little better where's
your eyes right oh it's on it's on oh
hey you did this one that's a good one
mmm it's crazy pretty good yeah that's a
good one
what do you know what you can put funny
things in the soup if you want can you
find stickers that are funny to go in
your soup with my soup
hey you mister he's more happy you just
wanted to be kissed I think he's just
giving up huh you guys are making my eye
the very first thing that you think of
when the babies are fussy as it's like
oh no I don't have enough milk but I'm
not gonna let myself think that I'm not
your mom I still think that I don't have
enough milk because I know that that's
probably not true sorry chief I know
maybe he just want to be wrapped up so
once you got wrapped up he's been better
I told y'all I said you're gonna take
the camera in and you're going to pick
up the food tonight and he I could see
him mentally and like physically he was
like tapping his hand and I said what
are you doing I said are you thinking
about what you're gonna say
yeah I was real nervous I'm not exactly
a professional vlogger neither am i no
Bonnie's good Lonny's Bonnie's good and
comfortable funny bunnies cool any
situation I am NOT cool if anything I am
the most opposite then cool I just
pretend a lot anyway oh there yeah
you're just not as goes for him at free
temporarily but honestly I had to
honestly think just we're getting ready
we're gonna go here I'm gonna psyche
yourself oh boy well the thing is is
when you're holding a camera out at your
face people because unless you are in
the YouTube world
you wonder what people are doing it's
kind of they look at you like what are
they doing hey buddy hey guys sorry guys
I'm just a little bit I'm like you know
more long-term selfies so I can't record
myself you know
just can't alrighty here here at the
Olive Garden we're picking up dinner for
Lo and Emily because beau just had
surgery and Bonnie's in the car
I know my gosh I'm so nervous right now
but there's so many people in here is
panic
we're gonna take them dinner and we are
gonna go
all right we just picked up the goods
for the Olive Garden and we are gonna
take this dinner there you go get on
there we're gonna go take dinner to Beau
and Emily and bunny and I dropped off
Olivia Cody in Boston at my parents
they're gonna have a fun night with them
look at how cute she is why probably
can't even see her I got to tell you a
fun story real quick this Olive Garden I
got taken to on a girls choice dance
thanks Brenda I have had a handful of
comments and I'm going to ask you a
question regarding these comments and I
want to know what you think and you can
be as honest as you want okay I think
maybe there's a touch of truth to the
comments I think there's a touch of me
being hormonal because I've just had a
baby I'm not really sure but they kind
of like got me just a little just a
little and so I want to know you think
do you feel like I never give you enough
personal time like do you feel like I
work you to the bone like you work all
day at work and then you come home and
you work on the house and your yard work
and stuff no what's your okay what's
give me a response to that
no Mars the house and that that's my
hobby
yeah that's tiring that's physical labor
that I am putting in but but it's it's
it's my hobby that's what I do that's
fun for me but on the flip side of that
is what people maybe don't realize is I
have spent time with the kids and I
think I would rather like pour concrete
or lift cinder blocks with my face all
day then spend all day long I love my
children to be honest like kids are hard
and bonnie has a hard job so it's mutual
its equal we both share the burden share
the work and it's just what you do and
owning a home
requires your days off you got to put
some time into it if we wanted to be
nice yeah be nice and I really want my
house so whose idea was it to redo
Olivia's room did I ask you to please do
that or was that your decision yeah I
kind of woke up and just started doing
it yeah because you like well sorry I'm
not gonna put words in your mouth do you
enjoy doing Olivia's room like is that
your hobby or is that just like given
the choice I would probably do that for
a living to be honest I really like
doing that stuff so much it but if I
think if I did it for a living I
wouldn't do it for myself as much so I
like what I do for a living and I like
that that is my hobby and I'm good I
mean we got our dinner the bag this
cheesecake was at the bottom of the hot
food surprise it's not liquefied so we
finally made it to bows and we got our
food and how was that guys oh it's so
delicious it was a chicken parmesan
it was delicious I was shocked I got
here and both need just fine I'm like
did you even have surgery was that video
fake no people wondered if your video
was fake he was not fake people but no
he's recovering really well from his
surgery
oh come on let's go me there cheesecake
go ahead but you were not too funny
your emoticon is Joel I feel like that
was a low blow and my phone yes I know
it emoji Kanye's but I don't send those
I sent emoticons cuz what did you say
I'm mode g or emoji emoji emoji emoji
yeah but you got sent yeah like the
picture ones and then emoticon is the
original like semicolon and I had to
stay up on top of that technology my
phone's got yes that's right not a
smartphone or here we are gonna end our
vlog we have spent the night good
conversation
it's like I wish that I could capture
the way that the conversation goes don't
you feel like you wish you could with a
camera in the corners I know it's been a
good evening we've had good conversation
good cheesecake and I'm sure your
parents are wondering where the heck we
are cuz it's kind of late Saturday yes
so we will see you guys in the next
video
have a good week bye guys see you guys
