hey guys I am going to start the vlog
tonight because I was just sitting here
looking at the clock Joel walks in the
door the same time every single night or
whenever he gets off of work he comes in
right at the same time and if he doesn't
come in right at the same time I'll call
him and I'll say where are you what are
you doing oh did you get in a car
accident and I can put money on it that
he will walk through that door with ice
cream I swear to you I have not called
him I was on the phone with him and I
realized that I hadn't renewed my beauty
school license is that really my
cosmetology license and I so I hurry and
hung up with him renewed my license and
he is late he has not walked in that
door and I can promise you that he is
going to be walking in with ice cream
because I told him after I had the baby
I said don't you come home with
doughnuts don't you come home with ice
cream don't you come home with anything
that is going to not help me lose my
baby weight I'm not sure if that was him
that just pulled up hmm no it's totally
him anyway and so he has been really
good in yesterday he was gonna come home
with ice crow
oh my kind of wish you had ice cream and
he goes I didn't want you to yell at me
he's like I was gonna get ice cream I
wanted ice cream but I didn't want you
to yell at me well sleepy house please
when I hear back I hear a bag oh you
have ice cream
I totally drove by but the line was like
out the doors are like no way I'm going
home ha ha I feel so bad I really do so
bad
where have you been for 20 minutes what
took you so long to get home I had to
get gas like it you did not stop to get
gas I did in Fremont is that why it took
you so long to come home that I
seriously I drove into the parking lot
the good ice cream and the line is out
the dorm like on now yeah we'll see you
in the morning guys I don't feel bad
it's you yeah I do because I really
wanted someone I know oh I'm sorry well
you're being such a happy guy you're
smiling at me I saw it oh that was a
good one I saw it ah oh good morning
you're saying hello to everybody
oh my word hey well now you're not even
looking at me anymore
now you're not even looking at me
anymore
you're kinda going cross-eyed what's
going on here yeah that was a good one
stop scowling stop scowling who you
looking at hey hey hey looking at oh
yeah oh it's coming he's got across I
track down hey oh that's a little better
there we go whoa stop scowling
good morning everybody I am wearing the
coolest shirt on earth poquito because
I'm having a real nice time and I am
working on the lights as you can see
we've got them all set all set now I'm
gonna run wire and we are gonna be done
with all the electrical we've been
having fun with them playing we made a
trip to Lowe's got some we got some
cookies we always whenever I go to
Lowe's I always get a Gatorade and
cookies mostly because it occupies the
kids as I'm like browsing the store and
it's probably not good that I browse the
store because I always find something
that I'm like oh I want this I need that
I think I need this tool and every time
I do a project I get a new tool or I
will replace an old damaged tool so I
got me well they're in my pocket I got
me some new new wire strippers because I
needed a new set and I welded my other
ones I parked the wires together and it
kind of welded them and they don't cut
so good anymore so always get a new and
that's a rule of thumb when you do a
project for all of you di wires out
there when you do sound especially a big
renovation use it as an excuse to get a
new tool to help with the project I do
that me and Bonnie have done that and
I've ended up with a lot of nice tools
Cody come here over here right away
though come say hi to the camera
say hi everybody hi Reedy do you like
playing down there where's Boston is he
coming Boston wait oh where you are bud
what are you what we're all you would
whoa oh that's where he is
hey hey hey son you get off that
four-wheeler should we watch those today
maybe they're dirty from last time huh
yeah
mommy what bus to engage you always want
to treat Oh what do you have in your
hands did you get in daddy shed let's go
put it back in the shed before dad comes
out no you're gonna do it he has some
adadz stuff come on hurry hurry dad's
not gonna be happy
better hurry and get it in the shed and
then you come on out run run run
can - come on out you want me to hold
you that's gonna be kind of hard because
look I'm holding the baby what you want
some goldfish I should probably figure
out some lunch but I've been avoiding
the kitchen because I still have dinner
crap left out from last night and I
don't know what I want to do for dinner
I don't know what I want to do for lunch
I'm not shot boy you want to watch Shark
Boy my kids love Sharkboy and Lavagirl
off of Netflix it is so dumb I don't
know why they like it I've got a bunch
of stuff in the fridge I just don't know
what to do with it what do you think
you're doing
what nah uh-uh what do you think you're
doing mister let go I'm being like what
any lights
oh are you helping with the lights hmm a
shark yep that is sharp can you put
everything down and hop down
hurry hop down and daddy will come back
and finish up
yup he'll finish up can you climb down
oh I've been taking nails and they've
just been stabbing anything that Daniel
let them down
guess that's what boys like to do huh
are you gonna go find dad Oh
yep now he found that one he said he
wants to help you with the lights
let me see Boston Wow
all right let me see that's so cool
nothing it's a big those aren't cookies
just a wire not bad
nothing yummy oh I want a cookie this
I feel bad these kids have inherited my
like saucer oh you think they got that
from you there bud JC and Joe let me see
you Cody ride on cowboy
Oh today's a big day right cuz we're
gonna chop down our sunflower I don't
know why she's saying yay so Olivia got
this sunflower for me for Mother's Day
and when she planted it did you plan to
as seeds think they did it's cool yeah I
can do that planted it but then you had
to put this seedling while I was growing
a teeny Bell leaf put it in the ground
neck rod that's right but now it's kind
of dying and so we are ready to cut it
down huge I don't even know if I can get
around I know
code we're just gonna let Daddy do it
okay great but it will grow next year
though
so next year hopefully hopefully we're
just we're gonna let Daddy do this honey
it's gonna wow dad your digits in the
face no the water spray oh this sounds
like what is all wet see usually got
bees flying all around me right now geez
I got bees oh dear
well everybody complained about bath
time everybody complained about what was
for dinner hey some plan I just needed
everyone to stop crying I don't do it
all the time but we decided to just have
a tall glass of milk and about four
cookies so it's nobody ate their dinner
and normally I just whatever you go to
bed hungry if you don't like what I made
for dinner and that has happened on more
than one occasion but I just felt like
everyone needed a cookie yeah I'll give
you another one oh good one I'll give
you another one
sometimes it's anything just to just to
keep everyone from crying so Joel we are
ending the vlog and it's done yes and
we're probably going to get some ice
cream later okay now when the kids are
in bed thank you guys so much for
watching have a really good Friday we'll
see you on Monday have a good weekend
guys
ah
