good morning you guys we have another
before shop for you so this is our
daughter Olivia's room and we just got
done clearing her bed out and all of her
stuff oh my gosh she collects so much
stuff but you as a little boy so she
gets it from me
he could drill holes oh yeah and
everything was on display tonight
no he used to drill holes and make like
makeshift shelves - I read all his stuff
that he collected on had a shelf that
tips really bad forward and I could
never get stuff to stay on it so I put
this steel bar back show the whole shell
I'm tipping like if that thing ever
tipped on it is like right over my head
no I could have been knocked out it not
know I remember his room from when we
were in high school it was full of stuff
um we are going to rip the ceiling down
today and start putting in chem lights
um our goal this is this is kind of our
future goals so this is the last bedroom
in our house that needs remodeled and
then after this bedroom every room in
the house is remodeled I can't either
when we when we first moved in it was
like we had to do the bathroom so we
used rebate money to redo our bathroom
and then after that it was like we have
no money to do anything and it's just as
we've grown chairs as we've had tax
returns as Joel has gotten raises as
he's gotten new jobs like we've just
somehow been able to do stuff and it's
just I don't know I feel like we're
grownups Joel okay we were at the last
bedroom I can't see they're so surreal
to my penny there and our goal is next
summer we want to redo our upstairs and
I thought it was like it was never gonna
happen never going to happen but since
we moved in six years ago we've been
saving so that we can do our the big one
the big one and it's
next summer it's coming now so time yep
so we're gonna sell it my new it
hopefully no no is we are not so we're
going to put can lights in today right
do you think we'll be able to look at
mall done today okay okay let me get a
good before shot me for there's the
ceiling and then just the room we're
gonna do the floorboards for your
floorboards and trim the windows and
it's new ceiling and stuff just being an
angle from this way oh the doors are
gonna have a good before of my cream
doors so what is this that you built oh
I just lied makes my candy in it what is
it oh I can sleep in in the cave uh-huh
you want to sleep where in here uh-huh
so in here that's where you want to
sleep uh-huh now we don't have a sink
apart
can we keep it just like this sure what
yeah are you helping with dads tool well
this is like Mecca get out of it I have
been trying like a mad woman to get
ready to eat um and try to allow Joel to
get his work done while he's home and
it's like the baby has just not really
been cooperating with me and I missed
Olivia's reaction to her room being done
because oh hey I just want to talk to
you so what did you think when you saw
your room you were not happy were you
well tell me what you thought
I felt sad you felt sad because it kind
of looks a little scary right now huh
but I told Olivia that she gets to paint
a really pretty color and then we're
going to get her some new bedding and
that way Olivia your room will feel more
like a pretty nice girl's room don't you
think I don't want a new bedding why you
like what you got I want like a pink
like sheet ooh
that like it fun time in a blanket a
brand-new blanket that's like a strike
it'd like blue purple pink and my
bedroom and my room to be that color on
the sides okay we'll see you or like man
we have no we can make it more like a
printer and then we can try to find like
some some like saw like some stuff
that's stretchy and it's pink and we can
put it on my wheels so then it can be
more like a princess's remember she put
some stuff on it pink then we will look
together to find you some really pretty
in your bedding okay okay yeah she saw
her room and I cuz I told her I said dad
has a surprise for you in your
intestines no probably was not the best
way to go about it because she went
downstairs and just started bawling she
was mad um but we're good we're all good
now I will go into my appointment and
you go get the lights
you can't some can lights and what else
is there anything else that you need to
get
Oh who are you gonna do without you're
gonna do I'm sure there's something
we're going
that'll make twenty trips you take
Boston because he will have nothing to
do with me I'll take the baby of course
and I'll take the older two because they
like to play in the play area I'll just
state it okay and then so you drop me
off and then he'll pick me up when he's
done game plan we like it we like game
plans don't we yeah we do we are going
to be late for my appointment because we
just drove by and the kids love seeing
if the life flight is here and usually
it's gone and they are dead they're gone
literally getting in the helicopter and
starting it up right now oh my gosh
these guys don't lose him out these guys
are so excited literally this is this
isn't always really really close up this
is making me late for my appointment but
totally worth it but I don't I don't
think they would allow us to not keep
driving they're going to go hey watch
out make sure you're not bucking
Boston's view American flag one maybe I
can flag oh there is American flag on oh
he is so excited this is pretty fun you
guys getting ready guys
well it's amazing it like kind of gets
me choked up a little bit just because
of what stuff happens like they're the
ones that come to get you they're the
ones that take your loved ones to and
from where they have to be in order to
save their lives so it can't get too
emotional action we have your Floyd did
you see that one awesome
did you see the hello yes we're right
here look my offices right here just so
people don't think we're like driving on
roads with the kids other seat belt made
that is so pretty and look how she tied
a little stick around it to keep it from
coming apart
oh yeah um look you can pretend like
this is dog dog don't ya okay you get
everything you needed I think so
let me see yeah good job you climb in
your tree you cannot hear them buzzing
km o is there inside this I can hear him
sing how come you look so handsome up
there code and I don't see me judge yeah
I want to see you jump
whoa watch the leaves I'm watching them
oh are you running through the leaves -
yeah you haven't gone on your run oh I
love you like to usually do so I can get
strong and get big big big like Olivia's
H how does it how did you get back what
do you want to do I'm writing it so he
likes to run all the way down this end
of the street and then he runs all the
way back and if he doesn't he'll come
and tell me mom I haven't gone for my
run can I go for my run which is
impressive because this okay
oh he's he ran up he's gearing it up and
he's gone go see a Boston how's the room
coming very good - license or two spots
in get more than two what are you
kidding me no we're done down there good
job know if he's happy well yes go sit
down oh let us hold a note at Olivia
I'll bring him to you first Olivia and
when she's done then you can hold
Lincoln Cody scoot back and let her
enjoy holding the baby hey that's your
stuff
okay Cody do not get on her spot get
your finger out of your nose mister I'm
super gay
go go sit by daddy hurry up go so my dad
go so my dad hey alright something that
we have been trying to do is read a
little bit more especially if Joel is
home and we'd like to try and read a
little bit because usually when it's
just me it's everything in me just to
get the kids in bed without killing them
so for the kids sake for all of our sake
daddy is kind of our peace maker got to
close down for the night
I'll make sugar even okay go ahead dad
really telling what we like today we
have a bunch of the shel silverstein
books and so that's what we that's what
we like to read and surprisingly the
kids like them they really like the
little poems
we're gonna start here with the birthday
whose birthday did we go to yesterday
baby
gramma carry Kamaka Perkins that's fun
the party clown was always at the lake
the toy store man was not awake the
bakery man was out of cake I hope you
liked this birthday snake snake with
candles and coat of it like that
can we see okay we will end the vlog
here thank you guys so much for watching
and we'll see you in our next video bye
guys Oh what about you okay okay hey say
goodnight everybody
but I don't write later
