good morning everybody we are on the run
right now running errands with Bonnie
funniest currently in the building that
we are parked at and we are waiting and
I think we're gonna go and try and find
some food when we're done are you guys
hungry olivia is a self-published author
what else
what did you sleep good last night this
week Lincoln made the transition from
crib to bed and he made the first
appearance in his bed with a babysitter
last night that was crazy and he did so
well he cried a little bit he was not
quite the happiest but he did pretty
good hey mom
Boston there's no liquor leche okay good
hurry you find me Lincoln's doggy lay
down honey it's nap time
we've been running errands today and
it's just starting to snow we told the
kids we couldn't go skiing today because
it was raining but now it's kind of
turning into snow so I said let's go
down and watch a movie
let's put Lincoln down for a nap and
then we'll see what the weather does Hey
we gotta have a little doggie
oh so you put him right here by you and
say good night to everybody
oh because I'm quite shocked and amazed
myself at the success that we are
finding with Lincoln in his big-boy bed
shocked amazed and so flippin happy I
don't think the kids could be any
happier if they tried it is snowing
outside so since it's snowing we're
gonna come out and play the kids really
wanted to go skiing today but it rained
all morning and I know it was raining up
high so it's gonna be slushy kind of
junk snow and I don't know I don't know
if that's we're gonna do we're gonna
play at least out in the snow right now
my shoes
daddy I want to go inside now
blink and look you got to pick all your
stuff up and put it in the bag can you
do that in your other hand
see this handful look this goes in your
room let go of your doggie put your
chips in the bag do we let food out of
the Cuddy you get none in the kitchen
right now hurry up hurry up he's smiling
cuz he's like yeah I know I'm in trouble
give me your binky you do not have that
right now go put this in the baby's room
Oh Lincoln you're going to clean up your
mess Boston wait this goes in his room
too and then close his door and come
back well you guys if it's not one thing
it's another
last week my winch cable broke so I went
and bought a new rope for it and got it
all the way replaced looks good as
snazzy went to plow and it plowed like a
champ this week I put a piece of rubber
along the bottom of my plow so that it
doesn't hurt my concrete it's a lot
quieter it doesn't make the big scraping
noise doesn't spark but mid plowing my
winch gave out motor that actually turns
the cable and pulls it in gave out it's
not winding in or out right now it's one
thing or another nothing's ever smooth
everything's got a million problems no
matter what now am i complaining about
these problems not really because
there's a lot worse problems in this
world but it's kind of pain inside
Boston Oh what is the dog doing sitting
next to me
I dunno run put that in it's for home we
have been sitting and being bored and
feeling lazy and feeling miserable
because we're bored all day to do the
kids on their own grabbed our vacation
books for the week or from this summer I
wish I had a million more of these and
this is Olivia's princess buns look we
just got home I missed my little pot all
of these pictures are on my facebook if
you guys want to see them we actually
can't show that picture okay turn the
page and we'll show these guys at one
more we can show Lincoln can you believe
how much he's grown Lincoln you've
become a big big boy yeah the kids have
been looking at our Hawaii butt
been talking about Hawaii Carl and
ginger in Hawaii
I'm so jealous and the kids were like
are we gonna do that again this year and
the answer is no because we just have
too many deadlines we have too many
deadlines that we have to meet and we've
just been working like crazy behind the
scenes doing some stuff so but maybe the
like end of the year is here on the
cabinet of course your shoes and booth
or your boots on your coat sign at the
front door in like two seconds I'm gonna
leave you I'm leaving
yeah I have the keys I'll be whatever I
want
her dad she's out there sweetie who's
your turn to keep track on my shoes go
get your seat no we're going over here
in the suburban I know who you want to
ride in that sweet pickup of your dad's
but we got to go on the suburban because
everybody's coming let's go cowboy Joe I
don't know if this is silly but when I
leave the house I like to have like mood
light you know what I mean so that when
I come home the house looks nice and
pretty and when I leave it it just looks
nice and pretty I just remember my mom
always having really nice mood light and
I just made the house feel really
special so anyway I like having mood
like when I leave Joel is insisting that
we film this he loves this kind of stuff
edible talked about the job of a
lifetime that tastes yummy oh no it
doesn't okay we will not show you that
part it was a baby
those are good pizza pie cafe is
probably not my first choice to come but
it's definitely the kids they absolutely
what are you doing Olivia the kids think
they're so grown up to have their own
little booth was today a pretty boring
Saturday yeah we just didn't do a whole
lot
moonlights Thank You Boston good job
would you like some spaghetti that was
my Saturday night entertainment and that
was hilarious
you kids trying to depress me or
something they're talking about how many
years they have left till they move out
of the house Lincoln has two years it's
true okay hold on hold on push push push
pause push pause we need to set some
ground rules what's that um we don't go
to bed till the show's over what time
are we gonna go to bed tonight this is a
serious question do you guys want to
know what time we went to bed last night
do you really want to know see was it
two or three three yeah we stayed up
till 3 o'clock watching Longmire
it's so funny okay what time we go into
bed
twelve let's say twelve let's let's set
a ground rule of twelve I we will not go
pass out to be broken if you're going to
binge-watch something other than our
vlogs I check out Longmire it's cool
it's good
okay give this video a thumbs up if you
liked it subscribe if you are not and
we'll see you guys in our next video bye
guys
