it is Sunday morning and I just got done
feeding the baby Olivia is helping me by
holding the baby and you two you guys
love it yeah okay
I'm glad that the thing that helps me
the most is what they want to do the
most they just love holding this little
guy don't check a baby when Olivia's
done we'll just take turns okay hey tell
them what you get to do today thank you
talking to Mike here though because it's
having the microphone he has a little
talk that he's going to give in primary
and I'm gonna send Joel with a camera
and hopefully he'll record it for me
come on the counter here oh yeah yeah to
them too now
oh mama can you put that for Mama
hold that let's get your hair done
who's that
and the who Boston what's your name
Matt and Aleya Boston Wade Oh God then
are you wearing glasses my word you look
so happy
Jeff do you cancel oh my gasps yes I
like them they look good oh I forgot you
had sprite in your hair from our
barbecue and we forgot to rinse your
hair out
excellent we'll just have extra crispy
hair today we do you see yourself in the
camera okay yeah where are you going
today chick what are you gonna do it
Church chick yep what are you gonna do
that Bell fish do they give you goldfish
in a nursery what else you do in nursery
always play with teddy bears say Oh what
else do you play with right
what buy bikes I don't think so what do
you do in nursery what are you doing
jack yeah to play fumbles lab laughs
yeah too close bubbles wha what else to
play with
what kind of stuff do they have there to
play with don't like it you're just
being distracted by the camera I think
there's there's teacher training that
you like in nursery like you w how to
choose
chain and just Debbie play with you in
nursery okay everyone look at mama
show me your happy faces did we all get
in big trouble
mommy well that's usually what church
mornings are like but now everyone has a
treat and everyone has a smile and we're
ready to go and be good at church
a Boston wait right okay let's go
honestly we try to open command because
whether one or another but it okay a
commandment Jesus knows I love him
Austin with that
what is that
is that a choo-choo train choo-choo
train
yes
that is a humongous train we are almost
to Joel's
grandma's great for the kids
great-grandma Kerrigan right yeah my
grandma and their great-grandma okay
Kody's asleep and khones asleep how old
is your guy am I going to be 98 98 years
old it is Joel's grandma's 98th birthday
party so we are going
go and have some cake and so I am going
to hand the camera to Joel so that he
may finish the vlog out today just so
that he can kind of capture what maybe
he would like to capture while we are
with his family today so I'm heading the
camera to you have you got to get one
thing first
TM this is how you know you're in Morgan
Morgan Utah see the end Olivia can you
see the N
that means we're almost there
when I was a boy every Memorial Day we
would hike up to that end and you'd
pretty much come back with heatstroke
because it was blazing hot but one year
a rattlesnake almost bit my cousin and
my uncle had to throw a rock at it the
scariest thing of my life ever
scariest encounter rattlesnake well I
don't know if we're gonna feed them bud
but let's go show Boston where the
horses are okay okay
come on boys we're at Grandma Kerrigan's
house and sorry it's low bridge for me
not for these little boys who we got
with us hey we got our little cousin
Kyler with us too
come on Kyler Hey look look at the big
horse this is grandma's house she's
always had horses and when we were
little kids we used to till this this
was all one big garden with the horse I
think his name was lightning was his
name but anyway
we'd hand till it and then the neighbors
have had horses and this is just what
Morgan's all about just horses and kids
huh huh
Boston say horsey hi this fence he's on
he just Suzie just scaled that thing
look at you oh my gosh Kyla is gonna go
too
sorry Jared hey hey hey hey look Cody go
get that yellow apple and roll it under
the fence and I bet he'll eat it go get
that yellow Apple and roll it under the
fence
yep kick it underneath right there in
that hole watch this let's see just soft
look watch there you go there he goes
there he goes there he goes
oh yeah apples are yummy for horsies
there you go
look maybe he'll get another one you
guys are being nice to him hi bud hi bud
how come you're glued to me today look
Boston look there's another one
look at these or Z's don't stick your
fingers in bud
yeah like Guiler holy cow
hi big guy no that's grass don't feed
him that uh it's they've already been
fed today no let's don't feed him no
more they'll get tummy eggs look at
belly aches just like you apples are
like candy for them guess he's gonna get
that he got it
who you call yeah say hi horsey what
does a horsie say Boston Boston
what's a horsie say
what the horse say yeah hey no that's
not a cow says hi grandma oh this is
linked to me hey Rick and Roy yeah your
brother
and that's Boston this is great-grandma
Kerrigan great grandma Kerrigan we've
been coming here for years but huh I do
demos well grandma I wanted to wish you
happy birthday
thank you tell you I love you we're
gonna do us again in a year ah we're
gonna do it again in a year
no how many grandkids grandma good I had
31 braggers and how many great grandkids
well I've got I'll say to have over over
over time is it - baby twin grandma
Kerrigan sends cards every birthday
every birthday for every kid for every
great grade that's a hundred that's a
car today almost yeah this month ice
math I said said okay you have 17 cards
with a $10 bill and a lot of money
grandma that's all right
they said yeah yeah they do they do all
the kids put them in their piggy banks
yeah oh yeah hey hi I'll say goodbye to
you I'm more importantly we have a
Carrigan yet oh thank you for being so
good
see in a couple months okay okay hey
what'd you find bud what is this this
three wheeler used to drag me around for
miles on a sled and I'm pretty sure if
this is Kyle's four-wheeler we would
pack five of us so Kyle would drive aunt
Diane would be in the middle and then me
Curtis and Colin all my cousins that
were up here when we come up for the
summer we'd go four-wheeling for miles
and we put a cooler on the front cuz
aunt Diane would always make us dip
lunch and we'd go for miles with like
five of us on there this is this is
pretty fun to see all this stuff here
yeah you can sit up there what are you
sitting on bud Kyle's my cousin I didn't
see him here tonight yeah yeah that's
too bad huh okay well guys I am gonna
call it a day you can tell it's like the
Sun is setting it's getting starting to
get dark this place is that this is the
scene of my childhood when I was little
boy spending my summers my 4th of July's
here we've spent years of Grandma's
house and I'm sad to say that oh you
went there probably a little short now
but but I'm glad to see my boys here and
my girls and everybody here being happy
and just a family and we're just we're
all tied together and I'm grateful for
my family and I love them and I love my
grandma
that sounds like a eulogy almost jeez
but I'm grateful for you guys to see my
family too I just I don't know I felt so
special showing you great-grandma
Kerrigan she's the most important
important person I can think of in my
life outside of my wife and my children
and my parents I mean she is just she's
everything to me growing up she's
everything I try to be and she's the way
I want to be and so is my grandpa but he
passed years ago I didn't even meet him
but I wanted to leave that on a happy
note and a happy day for you guys and I
want you guys to have a good Monday or
whatever day of the week you see this
video so we'll see you guys later
