well this is a different scene hi guys
um I may or may not have had a sleepover
with my sister Ellie and she may or may
not have let me sleep in this morning
Ellie I woke up and you weren't in the
bed Mel's like well I like last night
being best best friend buddies in bed we
both had roommates you're like okay the
side that you both roll over I know well
you guys my baby must be got Lincoln I
he has a name Lincoln must be going
through a growth spurt or something he
has been up all night like every hour
and a half every two hours and not even
just a growth spurt because did you
notice I barely fed him at 5:30 and he's
still asleep he just wants to lay with
me you just want yeah here's once to be
with me which I guess I'm honestly not
complaining about that but it's hard we
have for the kids yes yeah it's really
hard when I got the other ones but I
mean good grief that was fun
that was really fun I know we were both
nursing in bed and we're like what if we
switched babies funny we're gonna try
sometime you might want dexon that's
caca can you throw it throw it
good job oh well we were sitting here
just talking about how cute we thought
our kids were outside and I opened the
door to record him and they're fighting
over a blanket yeah even more so someone
said that Boston was like the Hulk and
we think that that's a pretty good
description yeah baby don't leave alone
with my baby that's for sure no it's
funny what we can and can't do I cannot
leave Boston a lot of the babies but
Jackson my Canada Milan for I can I
could run his beer yeah yeah well that's
what I mean by a long
we don't like leave them alone by the
toe if he hollers on me
I'm all out okay even my name up pitch a
tiger by the toe if he hollers let him
go eeny meeny miny moe I get the next
cookie sharing cousins that's what I
like to see hand it back to Boston and
he'll give you a bite hey Boston you
hold tight so it doesn't drop okay give
him a bite give him a bite hold it tight
there you go
Wow good job did you share somehow Ellie
and I were able to get our pumpkin
chocolate chip cookies at least the
dough made um nurse the babies keep the
kids out of all the cupboards it's been
very very crazy and we finally just
shoved the kids outside I was able to
get the dishes done most of the way and
things mostly picked up and now I think
we're gonna hang out outside where they
cannot damage anything I'm trying to
unlock the door here we're trying to
keep the kids outside because it's just
really nice it looks like it's cold but
it's not it's like the perfect weather
so we are going to enjoy being outside
until basically it's time to feed the
babies again are you guys swinging all
by yourselves and you're not screaming
because no one's going hi I love that
his feet does not reach the how are you
even moving are you seeing but there's
all like doing their part yeah are you
swinging now go hi you're not going hi
nope you guys having fun being dirty
being stinky now now my favorite part of
the fall is when this whole vine is I
don't know what it is it's like a
grapevine
but not edible grapes any you can see
that it's starting to go red but it's
got this vein that goes all the way up
the pine tree you can see the red that
goes all the way up the pine tree and I
think that's kind of cool yeah yeah up
here where is it
up gay up there mm-hmm I am going to put
the link below phrase pumpkin cookies
that I just made because they are
flippin bomb these are literally the
best pumpkin cookies that I've ever had
including like store-bought ones Lincoln
hasn't napped all day I just put him
down and Ellie was like you need to put
a noise machine in his room and I'm like
oh I've never done that whatever I put a
noise machine in there he this is the
first time that he just laid down took a
nap
I don't know if it's cuz he's exhausted
I don't know if it's because he's been
up all day anyway everyone is napping I
just laid down Boston for his nap and
Lincoln is taking his nap and the two
kids are jumping and leaves over at the
neighbor's house so I'm going to take a
nap I should be making a potato salad
for our neighbors get together tonight
but I probably have pumpkin in my teeth
I'm sorry oh my gosh
everyone comments not everyone I should
not say everyone it's probably the same
person and they did mmm it's probably
the same person and they just comment
every video what they're like what is in
your teeth I don't have a thing with
teeth it's a gap I used to have a really
cute straight gap I love gaps in in men
especially but women too
I'm so attracted to it and it's probably
because I'm just biased because my dad
has a gap in his teeth but when I was
younger my gap just automatically
started closing I've never had braces or
anything I used to put toothpicks in
between my teeth at night so that my gap
would stay open and it just didn't but
that's just a little gap and one time I
had a lady come to the door and she was
like oh honey you have pepper in your
teeth I'm like no I know it's just a
space and she's like oh
can fix that you know what nope just
kidding' the second I laid down no my
phone did not go off but the baby is
awake so no nap today
Lincoln finally fell back asleep so I
flew back asleep and the Bolivian Cody
came back home and so I let him watch a
movie while I slept in here in my room
and then the movie was over and I could
kind of hear Boston waking up downstairs
so I said you to lay on my bed and I
will be up and we'll all get up in just
one second I said just lay down and be
quiet for one second literally two
seconds later I'm like okay let's go
guys he's out this little bum is the
cutest little wedgie poem I've ever seen
sweet little guy fall right to sleep
oh look I think you're getting drool on
my bet hi you cute boy every gadget yeah
you gave him a bath yeah he was just not
happy when you woke up hmm
I knew if you didn't want to be where's
he been up maybe 30 minutes maybe
really
did you spheal yeah oh my god are they
waking up we go wake him up okay well my
sure watch your shoes wet wear your
shoes on in my house oh yeah
I don't know okay okay are you guys
ready to go
oh my sneaker pants we hey let's go
outside can you guys go to the front
door we are on our way over to our
neighbors block party and the kids have
been so excited to go olivia is out
separately a speck seriously so excited
olivia is just over there okay well well
my kids are gonna be there before I am
is in our neighbor's yard they're so
sweet to put together a little barbecue
for us I have my little boy right here
yeah I have Lincoln in here because I
don't want people touching him
ahh I don't want people to ask if they
can hold him I just don't want people
touching him yes so he is going to stay
right here so we are going to end the
vlog here we will see you guys in our
next video bye guys
