Olivia just came running to me it was
very concerned she goes mom there's
something wrong with my tooth ah and
they're okay open your mouth open you
know she had you don't know if you can
see that toe um I have a list in my very
first one of my TV one oh my gosh and
she told me she goes this is brilliant
why is it brilliant because it's my
first tooth and school I'm I'm my
teacher said that if I go to school with
a loose tooth and a baggy I could draw
everybody in the class and they get to
sing a song to me what song is it
it's a you don't know it it goes like
this if you have a loose tooth you will
have something special they will come to
you it will be a surprise if you come
and tell it will be brilliant I love you
your loose tooth did you just make that
up or is that a real song too real oh my
god I cannot believe it I am so excited
I am so excited for you Kate well
there's something else that we need to
talk about - he let me scoop baby cake
said Oh screwed up screwed up there we
go oh there we go
you get a lollipop if what you paid get
a lollipop it was crazy it a lollipop
fairy yeah yeah Olivia came home today
and she said well she showed me her arm
come here show me your arm a kid was
like hey do you want a wrestle and what
did you say I said no I do not and then
he just got mad and started it and just
started wrestling you huh and that's how
her back looks and he wrestled her in
the
woodchips I was kind of mad and I was
kinda mad but I mean kids are kids
so shoot Olivia come here what did you
do after he was done wrestling and I
went to tell the principal mmm-hmm again
her principles really nice guy so the
kids had to go to the principal's office
I kind of feel bad but not really
because actually no I take that back I
do not feel bad the kids had to go to
the principal's office because she said
she didn't want to wrestle and they
wrestled her and I hurt her did you miss
your brother while you were gone I made
team more than any brother mm-hmm where
Joe where are you casting the park I
want you to hurry up and get home are
you waiting out front for me I'm
watching on the window for you all right
speed it up I have your I have your
dinner all warmed up it's getting cold
up Kevin oh my god I see your cookies
hey you slow down you're gonna break my
car washing he is blushing because he's
probably I'm going on the admission from
the end of the house to here blowing it
he does things because why like you
delay off cuz he loves to make me laugh
out ghost oh I am the nursing mom why
would you squeeze me like that what is
wrong with you oh my gosh thank you
that's how I like to be hugged is not
how you like to be oh it's like a mini
one
I know Ellie came over for dinner
tonight I made dinner and she made the
dessert and she made us an individual
apple crisp so we can share it
Christmas you hockey a horse probably
you said you knew it was good too huge a
Jay you trying to pawn half a mine off
Boston doesn't need one nice like
there's three of them over there I know
and you know what I'm gonna do with them
the desert was supposed to be for
dessert tonight but the kids they were
having a hard time eating their dinner I
was a little angry with them and so I
told them they could have it for
breakfast or Olivia so will you lay my
clothes out and lay my breakfast out and
then I'll wake you up you know that way
I don't have to keep coming in and
waking you up in the morning isn't that
sweet because she knows I'm so tired I
should save mine and eat it with her in
the morning do you mean yeah yeah yeah
okay baby boy it's time to bed and my
guess is that we'll see you what time
said I'm 39 through my guess so I'll see
you at 3:00
you
I
for many guys can wear any bosses just
in the kitchen as he did you eat your
breakfast that that thing that only made
us was breakfast no hi I had chocolate
chocolate stay secret
Jacqueline
or you could be Nana how did you sell
all oh my goodness yeah okay daddy's
still sleeping so don't be too noisy
okay
do a little spin did you do your own
hair this morning yep Wow looks so
really good so when I get up in the
night with Lincoln it's usually so sweet
and it's like he wakes up I feed him he
goes right back to bed which I showed
you and last night after I turned the
camera off went gotten bed as soon as I
laid down he just started screaming so I
gave him like a minute just to see if
he'd go back to sleep and he did not and
so I came in rocked him again got him
back to sleep fed him a little more and
when I put him to bed
Oh bless you and when I put him to bed
he started screaming again and he kind
of did this off and on oh and what else
you didn't see is I was getting wicked
bad stomach cramps and I was like oh my
gosh I gotta go to the bathroom so I
like put him on the floor go to the
bathroom and came back I'm like okay I'm
better no started feeding him again had
to like throw him on the Fulmer go to
the bathroom what Oh watching we gonna
do carry yeah yeah daddy um anyway it
was a nightmare and I bet and then when
he finally was asleep I swear it's like
he was just crying all night I swear you
just cried all night and this morning I
am miserable I feel awful and it's like
I don't want to go back to bed because
it's Jules day off and I want to be with
you guys
but also I'm stinking tired
and I want to go back to the let me get
back it's not going back to bed it's
taken a nap now yeah no it's the sleep
stuff what happens we are what do you
think well and we in just cuz I their I
overnight I couldn't get my floss in
between my teeth and and I thought that
the dentist just needed to like shave
something or something but I went in and
he says I cracked one of my feelings and
then one of my feelings was a little
cracked on the other side - cracked
fillings is he killing more so he had to
numb me like 500 times and I was like
shaking the whole time like I hate the
dentist anyway so that's where I've been
like even right here is like numb on me
oh I and I was really anxious because I
knew that I was gone longer than I
thought and so I was paranoid that the
Lincoln had woken up or something so I'm
really happy to know that he's still
happy asleep sub look at my nostrils so
what did he do he fixed the feeling I
cannot know he had to drill out - good -
existing ones that sounds terrible you
know can you see that yeah I think that
and one's not you don't think that's
funny
I can't move my nostril my hands are
still shaking so bond just not all
worked on to the dentist that she was
not expecting to have today which I feel
so bad dentist I feel bad for dentist
because they're probably like the number
of like public enemy number one in my
book but they have to do their job
Mia Bonnie just have soft sensitive
teeth and so they get disrupted but
she's taken
and me and Boston our clan huh and
daddies planned fold the laundry oh man
funnest game I've ever played is fold
all the laundry for your wife so she
loves you best game ever I'm sorry you
have to look at my face like this
because it is probably gonna be a little
distracting how's my face is drooping
but um I was just thinking I'm hoping
that I'm enjoying him enough while he's
this little because even though last
night was rough and even though a lot of
times I wonder like oh my gosh why why
do I have kids I'm so grateful that I've
got him and I'm grateful that he's
healthy and that for the most part he is
a good baby it just gets really hard
sometimes so but I know that so many
people understand that feeling and it's
only for a short period he is not going
to be a newborn for much longer and so
I'm just going to try and enjoy every
moment that I have with him so I'm going
to end the vlog here and I hope you guys
have a really good rest of your week
it's halfway through the week we can get
through it we can do it have a good week
everybody will see you later bye
