good morning you know the best part of
waking up not the folders in your cup
it's the gutter water on your children
it's the gutter water it's actually
evening right now we're just kind of
winding down huh but and but for you
guys it's good morning and you're
starting your day and just remember
you're probably at work watching this
because we know you do but you can
always be running in the bed look at
that his bum oh you can just do them
sloshed
until water you jumped in the water okay
it's time to go in let's go oh honey are
you okay
go slow cuz your shoes are too big for
you can you go slow don't run I'll shoot
all right you little mommy
are you gonna babysit for me while I go
hop in the shower
yes oh that's a good boy he's fed and
changed and now he's ready to be rocked
to sleep and that's where you come into
play here you're gonna hold him and he's
gonna love it and I'm gonna get to
shower hmm
all right I am ready for the day thank
you so much I could not have gotten
ready without your help
did you help me rock Lincoln to sleep I
can't believe it and when your arms got
tired then Cody took a turn and then we
transferred him very gracefully to the
crib and he is now asleep and I know
that Ellie is on her way over here with
some sandwiches and I have a babysitter
on the way and I promised her a lot of
money if she if she took really good
care of the kids and if I came home to a
clean house just the way that I am
leaving it when I was little and I used
to babysit I used to do the dishes and I
know that they saved a week loaded
dishes for me because they knew I would
do them and I still did it anyway I was
really good babysitter but um Ellie and
jr. on their way over and we are going
to the Parade of Homes so that's going
to be fun huh you're you a good boy did
you play while I got ready you are such
a good boy little bit no we're not going
to wiggle worm you play wiggle worm what
are you gonna do today
I jest huh no we're not going to Jarrett
asked Jackson's going to come here and
Rachel's gonna babysit you guys know are
you guys gonna be good for the babysit
are you yeah are you gonna be good for
the baby
yeah yeah okay show me dance wow thank
you show me a dance code have you been
working on your dance moves you have
anyone is does he wiggle his bat me yeah
you don't even have a butt to wiggle you
never have a butt to wear ball look in
your game car I gave you what sweetie
baby made that save again thank you my
dad called he pinched your back oh my
word you go say mom said don't pinch me
no sweat
yeah go say mom said don't pinch me okay
okay go tell him go tell him ring
ringing ringing don't ask me why I think
it's cute that um Boston tattles on the
kids I think it's just because he's like
saying really good sentences when he's
tattling on the kids because I hate when
they tattle but for some reason I like
when he doesn't Cody are you pinching I
hate him a lot no pinching okay come
take these twice downstairs okay
it's not even me looking at a house it's
you and I am like
I usually like certain knocking stuff
over are so excited if Isaac can you
take the big parcel because we're so
tickled this is just so you know I am
getting my reasoning for coming around
looking at Parade of Homes is to find
like ideas for remodels kitchen like
that's amazing it's like all these
people around I just want to show my
excited that he can't because I just
people in Roebuck I should stop pushing
people these babies have been so oh hey
there eyes he heard my voice I sat in
the car and I nursed the baby and while
they looked up the other house and but
being in here looking at these like
beautiful homes I wish so low I wish so
bad that Joel was here I feel so bad
because he loves his kind of stuff and
he's the one that builds my stuff so I
need him to be looking at all these
ideas and mom
I so wish mom could have been here today
next year yep oh I'm coming next year
I'm coming next year this has been
really fun we made it down to my
favorite restaurant would you what would
you say your absolute favorite
restaurant ABC Chinese yeah this is it
growing up we didn't go out to eat a
whole lot but when we did this is where
we came this is a Chinese restaurant I
was making sure I wasn't covering the
speaker um and we're here waiting on the
birthday boy is our brother Bo's
birthday and so I am nursing the baby
Ellie is so much quicker than me he'll
grow he'll wake up and eat faster you're
just a little it takes me forever it
takes me like if I'm like making and be
fish and hurrying it takes me like 4045
minutes
I'm hoping that it gets quicker I've
never nursed long enough to know if it
gets quicker but so does yes ever that's
a hashtag it gets better Oh max or
nibbles hey you know what I have nursed
long enough and correctly enough that
I'm not sore anymore oh that's good
pretty good yes okay so we're just
waiting for Bobo to get here I'm like
anxiously waiting for him
and I really want some egg rolls these
are the only egg rolls that I love yeah
they're the best yeah well you kind of
made out like a bandit oh yeah you got
lots of cool stuff happy burger yeah
happy birthday
Olivia you were not in our video last
time and people missed you so I could
not like to video the last video and you
know what I had to put you in this one
so I'm glad you're awake so show me what
you've been working on tell me what it
is I can't see they name your thing
isn't dead
so this is a reminder huh hey don't let
go hey Masami seriously I went fast like
picking me so this is a reminder to what
else we Club have a member not to go
picking no that's it like I see the
picture so that one is picking me nose
so reminder not pick mm-hmm that says
batery you let me autumn see the picture
mmm-hmm
don't worry step on my thumb knees and
you don't really oh I need like oh I
can't see to suck on your fingers you
don't really stick on your thumb but
sometimes you just suck on a finger and
it's kind of a bad habit huh drinking
notes on there and you make it hits it
and trying to find the good food to goes
there yeah good job
yeah good job and that's a fountain hmm
mostly Olivia bites her nails though huh
it's weird my kids go through spurts
like they'll they won't bite their nails
forever but then all of a sudden they
just I noticed they're biting their
nails it's kind of weird
Jolie I missed you all day the whole day
I was just thinking I was Joel is here I
wish Joe could see this yes ashamed
so the I would have so that you could
Nestle oh I don't want cookies
looking happy he's happy his face you
see his face right now
Kalinda no we're gonna get him to bed
and you are up so much past your bedtime
I can't do this till daddy's bed yeah
it's it's very much time to say good
night I had the best day I felt free
being out and like that was like that
was his first real outing besides it was
grandma's yeah it's big outing yeah it
was it so it was fun for me so thank you
guys so much for watching this vlog I
hope you have a really good week we'll
see you guys in our next video on
Wednesdays we do videos Monday
Wednesdays and Fridays so we'll see you
on Wednesday
I'd really nice time
