good morning you are being so sweet
aren't you okay I guess house you want
to go to what Elaine jerked you are
being the happiest little guy this
morning yes you are thinking about
smiling right yeah we are gonna have a
busy day today aren't we so I hope you
sleep good for me during that time I
want real or not we're not having treats
this early Hey Oh bless you nature say
bless you rachelle that was cute we are
gonna hang out until Lincoln's ready for
a nap and then we are going to do some
serious housework today because when
joel gets home from work I don't want to
spend time cleaning with him I just want
to have done for when he gets home not
that I want to thing cuz all I want to
do is lay in bed around in a minute in a
minute I lose weight now no I'm just
gonna be you guys oh my gosh they
literally don't stop you guys this is
this is their life hey it's okay he's
being soccer mom was watching him 24/7
I'm not complaining at least they love
him right hmm Kate code yummy my helper
today okay and you just try not to make
a mess as I clean okay that was how you
want to go to grandpa's house what do
you want to do at grandpa's house place
two ways we'll play if grandpa's toys Oh
what else play
daddy what guy I don't know quite what
you're doing in here but okay yes boy
you wants to disappear it oh my memory
handsome is just aa number yeah we'll
hook up self we're not going to go his
house today okay so play with Cody
Boston come here let's get your shoes on
if you want to play outside we got to
get your shoes on hurry hurry you can
play in the backyard Cody look your
guys's feet let's get your shoes on
hurry hurry honey we can't go to
Grandpa's house today
ha I know we can't get your Grandpa's
today go find your shoes Boston don't
push buttons can you see the screen
right there can you see your feet in the
screen light oh my feet go here ya go
back first we'll use shoes
okay Boston out of there out go put that
back go put it back go put it back no
uh-huh
pick it up okay hold on pick it up no go
put it where it goes
go on look go come on go go go put it
right where it goes look right here
cuz it's up here with the rest of the
stuff can you reach here oh my goodness
good job can you look at mom do not play
in the hose okay
come on out come on up have I ever
mentioned how bad I want hardwood floors
it's like I want it so bad my teeth ache
and I don't know why people say that but
that's what people say so I said it but
if you ask my mom basically that's all
we ever talk about is what we're saving
our money for and what we want to do
with our homes and anyway I wanted
really that but I can't do hardwood
floors until I read you my kitchen
counters because I want my counters or
my cabinets
I want the hardwood to go underneath the
cabinets I don't want to fit them to
them so I have to wait until I can redo
my entire kitchen before I can get
hardwood floors hi Julie I just realized
I'm mr. FaceTime from you yesterday did
you face Tammy
you guys having fun outside yes life you
what is it open in that no you just eat
your banana the way it is I keep finding
them up on top of the garbage cans so
we're gonna take a little break and have
a banana you guys story in my life I'm
not kidding I talked to one of my
sisters or more every day and I loved it
hey Dean I just got off the phone with
Julie and Julie and Ellie and now Ruby's
calling hey Carl hi she can open the
door oh wait now open the dress oh good
job came put your popcorn right in the
middle right in the middle no close the
cupboard now yep good job okay no hit
number you know I know I know we'll do
this one hit hit - no no no number two
yep okay do the two again do a two again
and then his II wrote you know where the
zero is look don't push let me say okay
first right there right there see no no
no that's right
right there okay now hit start the green
button no no no no green oh you did
hip-hop you want some popcorn
yeah then why are you scaling if you
want popcorn how come you're scaling oh
yeah I did you want to watch it no why
yeah mixed bill she's good
did you guys have fun playing outside
yeah
you guys played so good and I got so
much work done in the house yeah I
talked to all three my sisters I am such
a kettle corn fan
I've always loved I have always loved
like butter popcorn cheddar popcorn
kettle corn takes the cake for me the
best okay hold this
you guys listen I wish no you hope that
I am going I'm gonna go get the baby I'm
gonna feed the baby
listen and you guys are gonna sit and
eat your popcorn while I feed the baby
okay okay already core with the baby oh
you're only doing that because Cody did
that hi good how yep it's kind of hot is
it good yeah no you're right
oh yeah it's not is that pretty yummy
okay I'll blend them what look look hard
I don't know interesting hey yeah oh you
want to blow on a hard yet blow on it
randomly through the day today Boston
has asked for grandpa probably three
times and it just so happens that my dad
called today was like hey I'm gonna come
pick up the shell to the truck so he's
here and that's really cool because once
you let go then it starts coming down
they are know is that controlling all
the just so they're this is stressful to
me every time we lift so just okay Joel
in right created this Bungie system we
know it's heavy mom mom has a big job
because know it's a big job and this I
usually do I know well that's usually my
job and I am not very strong and if it's
very very hectic it's very hectic
I got Malloy I I don't usually like to
watch no cuz it makes me crazy
um Boston nervous okay
Foster's Boston is gonna be so
disappointed that he missed grandpa but
I will make sure he watches this video
but mom and dad this was so fun to have
you guys come up and is he asleep he's
working on is he oh these boys love
their grandpa's watch I think he's
trying not to smile but it was really
nice to do have them stop by and Jared
thanks for buying dinner I swear I swear
that I wouldn't Avene for like a week
straight if it wasn't for Jared but tell
me how key or she's being so sweet
don't even
is okay thanks for watching you guys
have a really good weekend and we'll see
you on Monday bye guys
