strong cos he was like a mad at me hi
everybody
oh my sweet boy yet he's like looking up
at the lights you just got done crying
didn't you oh my gosh his little neck
turned to the side let me see him to the
side I love look at him I don't want him
to grow any more he's really not grown
he is a you're still wiry and thin oh
good I mean looks like he's Superman in
there I'm honestly not holding his neck
he's just too much yeah turns each
other's now it's on me I've got tired my
dad does a lot of work cool my head's
like 50% of my leg it's time for bed say
I'll see all you guys in the morning
they had a really nice time good night
everybody can week no get my wink they
love it : can you kind of have a hard
time in the mornings jump Jack mm-hmm
this is really dangerous for everybody
slow oh that's not so good you're gonna
just I'm gonna quote yeah I did that's
just it when I get so worn like almost
it's been okay how you guys smile for
pictures
yeah but we always do we always do like
three pictures so I made three so that's
the rain the Blues the rain and yes son
so that's all the rain mm-hmm there's
the Sun butterfly and I like that Wow
you love to color huh that is your teeth
to be brushing nice and good I don't
want it right they send up for you
you're cute oh my goodness your hair
looks so beautiful
yeah can we talk about something for a
second more do you think I'm going to
get mad guys someone just texted me and
asked me for my email address Oh mommy
how much me well don't touch me like 10
minutes ago mommy
first we have to have breakfast and then
I'll get your train okay okay let's eat
our breakfast sir oh my gosh
awesome I get me hey ball want to give
me a hug yeah I do okay
Joel what okay let's just talk about
this for a second
why do people text at the terrible times
hey I thought this was just like common
courtesy with like the phone you don't
call or text people especially someone
that just had a baby
Oh before or after nine o'clock in the
morning and at night no text you don't
call before now
running and you don't text or call after
nine o'clock at night of course like if
you know like my dad last night at 9:45
and we were awake and that was just fine
juleps
that's because he's my dad and he knows
when I go to bed and it was for weather
related it's justified don't be me able
to you at first Nadeau gate huh do you
want to know
John what me and Joel do for our our
cereal bowl I eat cereal before Joel
does or if Joel eats cereal before I do
what do you do with your bowl for me you
rinse it out instead of on the come for
you that's weird
we rinse the bowl out really really good
and then we just set it on the counter
so that the next person
it's the bowl that way we don't have to
like I'll do more dishes is that weird
that's totally normal and I save some
milk occasionally so the Bonnie can just
use the rest of my that's the step back
are you sure you gots disgusting that is
not true
miss P do you want push his hand away
yeah okay which one you want let me find
the one you want that red spoon that
goes oh that's I know he wants to oh
look what daddy found what do you say
bastard go go go
this is the rain sounds so good thanks
for helping with my laundry well I feel
bags I think most of it's mine so I'm
not very good at doing laundry and
having the baby who's only made it worse
I can't find the right side out for my
shorts but we have underwears in on um
cut it out actually I kind of like
wearing both pair why for me okay let's
finish her laundry you being a good boy
down there okay every day oh it's the
same thing
eat he's sad for a little bit cuz he
wants to keep eating and always full and
then he's happy for about a half hour
and then when you starts getting fussy
I know it's time to go back to bed and
then we repeat the process when he wakes
up from his nap just nice he likes you
right on my chest like this I give him a
binky when he lays his head down and I
burp him sort of well he will
he's just whoops hi do you see him
pulling his face away okay there we go
now you can relax the next when I burped
until he kind of falls asleep
I take us a minute
mmm-hmm gotta figure this out there Oh
see there we go laughs here we go
and I burp em until he's kind of drowsy
yeah night bud this is what we do huh
on the daily like 50 times hmm yeah my
bad oh you're tired it is oh now he's
excited it just takes a minute hmm
everybody likes you bud and if they
don't Oh
which is gets the
it's funny to watch Cody take the role
of older sibling when Olivia was home
she just kind of did everything if she
if the kids needed snacks she would go
up shows and get the kid snacks at the
new movie needed put in she would put in
a movie in but now that Cody is the
oldest one here he's kind of enforced
yeah he can he can help you look how mad
he is oh okay
Boston do you want to help - yeah look
stand up and you can do it - Cody do not
knock those out of his hand let him help
you he wants to help you Boston stand up
stop pouting oh look he won't knock it
out of your hands again oh okay you put
yours away will you move the gate so he
can put hopes Cody move the gate so he
can oh okay not with the blocks fall oh
okay yeah yeah anyway Cody has
definitely grown up since Olivia started
going to school all day but yeah who's
coming to get you Jed who Jess uncle
Jerry look oh my goodness look a little
egg no you're not going to wiggle worm
you're gonna go watch a movie at his
house now don't punch the camera that
face oh that's a mad face from your mad
face laughs I know show me hey hey so me
happy face okay Julie sure thanks
let me see show me sassy stuff show me
your sad face to face show me show me
mad vers la place
okay are you excited to go to uncle
Jerry yeah yeah so dad said yes yes oh
my vodka seven Olivia how was school
pictures today
show me how you smiled oh hey will you
show us the other part of the song that
you learned so send up show me the
Superman part Wow
yes Wow oh my word
okay show me the rest of the part of the
Sun okay good let's watch Olivia
Superman don't
that was like two seconds okay show me
the whole rest of some you learning
class man
thanks man watch me baby touch me with
when - me me me
oh let's Misha Brennan oh that's me
watch me watch me were you she's gonna
kiss the camera yeah you did so good
Jule you just missed it I'll have to do
it for you laughs I can oh you smell
like daddy
yeah you still a D oh oh my gosh you
watch me watch me
it's so cute
watch me Superman Joey go Superman huh
okay show him how to super bad news show
the Superman
flash missed it for me Superman you
gotta listen yep yeah don't you remember
a good job daddy oh the baby knows how
to super me and good job so I think
we're gonna end the vlog here just so I
can in my mind know that the vlog is
ended so that I can get through the rest
of the night so we'll see you guys in
our next video bye guys
watch me Superman
