Cody come here run and run tell me what
you said I like you second I live in the
old church of my his lluvia your lips
almost touched as lluvia that's alluvia
it's someone else round of six and your
skin in your mouth and blonde right here
show me say ah ah see oh I can kind of
see it back there who has do you have a
big movie our little one a big one yes
oh my word about that age okay H wowzer
but it's about an edge to this eight
this be crazy or what
hey ya huh hey hey you little whip it
nae nae
yeah boo daddy's calling are you two in
here fighting over who gets to lay on
top of him like this on top of him
I wasn't laying on top of him Cody you
can't hog the baby don't do that don't
do that in this face look you're hogging
the baby let's scoot back a little bit
and let make sure that a little kinky
leave Chris chill Guinea
look Olivia to get down there lay on
your tummy and get down by your brother
and you both can love on him not just
one at a time see Cody you're hoggin him
look Olivia wants to love on him okay
get a big kiss I'm sure people are dying
over this but good morning
it is Saturday and we are hanging out
complaining and crying want to be away
kids why can't maybe teenagers you like
to sleep until 10:00 this is the most
normal thank you guys okay okay let's
look everyone stop everyone stop okay
this is this is that's my life the kids
they Maul him they love you absolutely
enemy enemies so well he doesn't want to
hurt him and he's just Boston that's not
soft needs Tom what show you're watching
oh yeah
Rookie of the Year brother can't tell
but I remember that show big time when I
was a kid big baseball fan not really a
Cubs fan but still but I wanted the kids
to see it because I found it for the
dollar bin and if you're wondering where
we got our TV you can pick one up for
pretty cheap at any thrift store yeah my
quality how much we pay for that TV $15
oh that's what Josh and amber gave us
it's high-quality its goal you know what
it works and I don't worry about the
kids just for me no you can't hurt that
thing is this what our life is going to
consist of is just laying on the floor
and doting over him until he can roll
over uh-huh is your cereal good little
guy that good
that's some good cereal sure some hmm
lean over your bowl lean over your ball
good boy a lot of kids you got around oh
yes mine though whatever they you
couldn't even say that even if you tried
they were just like yeah okay not around
the baby you guys stop um this guy looks
like a Griffis though kinda he's gonna
have some good hair I think he does I
think he looks the most like he is a
bass than you mm-hmm yeah the other ones
were pretty good you can't blame these
kids for being so excited though they
have literally haven't seen you in two
days
yeah last night last night when Joel got
home from work the kids all ran up the
stairs like 8:30 and last night the kids
ran up the stairs like 8:30 like dad can
we talk hi all these like in the morning
that's all these words of wanting to do
where's daddy got babies we gotcha oh I
think this is the emptiest my fridge
that was dinner last night
this is the emptiest my fridge has been
in a long time it doesn't even look that
empty I guess but I have had no food in
the house and I refuse refuse to get
fast food right now because I got to get
sexy again I want to look good but I
have not wanted to go grocery shopping
without Joel and he's been working with
us Oh Oh yep trying to get through
pardon me excuse me pardon me um I've
been trying to what am I even saying
what am I even saying joel has been at
work and so I have not wanted to take
the kids up by myself that just seems a
little cray-cray so crazy with all both
look I know I know
we're both gonna be a little stressed by
the timing at home but I have a list of
things that I want to get and now we're
gonna be able to eat we've been having
tomato sandwiches for like a week
straight now for dinner which has been
good I mean I've dropped I've dropped a
few pounds so I'm not complaining but
it's time to get some food in the house
you guys having fun who does really hey
Cody
hey don't push the button look at me can
you make the noise with your mouth
that's what I stopped oh and yeah are
those nails you know what we're not
buying one little toy today
Cody what show did you watch it
grandma's house key you just love yes
and what kind of game in that movie Cody
one like that what what why do you have
to put in it Gandhi a head gold on it
though yeah you have to use black powder
with it you have that same doll Oh
different right here oh it's a little
bit more different what do you want
Santa to bring you this year Olivia you
don't know we're not you and make them
yeah those are not cute those are kind
of scary actually
do you know that I'm gonna miss when you
don't love all this stuff anymore
we won't race we won't raise to you I'll
just watch you run hurry okay you guys
want to run home okay get going
yeah they already got distracted that's
not gonna be distracted by the puppy
open up here so I can see come put them
up on your counter yep
are you that excited oh this one the
best
of course you hear the gold ones are the
whole reason I got these bows I found
this a hair bow shop on Instagram and
I've been following them for a long time
and I just I love these are leather bows
and I just love the gold ones they are
my absolute favorite I'm gonna open them
up
grab me those little ones oh my gosh
those are tiny put them in your hand so
I can see how tiny they are like hold
them on your hand those are my favorite
hi
do you think those are cute oh you like
them smell it smells like raspberry
what's this that is so pretty that would
match you today oh that is sup yeah
that's so cute if you guys want to see
where I got these I'll put her link to
her is an Etsy shop I think it's her
Etsy shop I'll put that link down below
you want to look at a little shop so
this is the first time I am witnessing
this who taught you how to do it that
way
daddy-o double knot she's going for the
double knot folks you're too excited
you're getting all crazy on me
the focus is real the focus is real let
me see let me see okay so when you do it
look see how long these are try to make
those a little shorter let's do the
other shoe how do I do it I don't like
do it shorter make your bunny ears a
little bigger I'll show you when you do
the next one
Olivia good job well that's all the boys
in my life right there
yes you guys seriously I think this
whole vlog is of the kids kissing
Lincoln that's all they do all day but
you know what that's all mama does all
day that's all I do kiss that baby I
feed him change his diaper kiss him
Oh are you biting his nails off yeah but
I didn't get in here enough I thought
you were like kissing him my mom she was
like I don't clip she never clipped our
nails and we were little Joey's bit him
up and she says because that way she
could feel where their skin was and so
she would never cut him took the
Clippers anyway I was thought it was
cute but that's what she did
thank you good sniffing look yes sir he
goes in the circle because he knows you
won't run into anything if she does it
that way
well I think today has been a fun day
and I'm excited for a weekend off with
you know very big sight videos are not
big you want to see big ears go look at
Boston look at Dumbo I love it well look
at yours his ears are your ears oh yeah
fun fact your nose in your ears don't
ever stop growing so this thing is
getting bigger and these Cod you don't
even scream drive him now yep you can
give co2 your ride Boston you give Cody
ride give him a ride you got to move
your foot Cody come hey
damn no IDs not watching oh my god oh my
oh gee okay okay we're gonna say good
night can you guys say good night baby
we're gonna go get ice cream - ice cream
shame denied or to our friends yes say
good night god ah
thank you guys so much for watching and
we'll see you next video bye guys
Haley Windows 10 Oh today
