exactly oh you guys I feel like a
brand-new woman today hands down this is
the best I have felt after any of my
pregnancies by far physically mentally
emotionally like I just feel like I'm
recovering very quickly and so we woke
up the other day and it was pretty brisk
and the only person that had one Clause
was being Joel the kids have math thing
and so we got up this morning Joel let
me get ready and I feel good and we got
a little bit of sleep last night a
little bit a little bit yeah emphasize
that but we wanted to come down to
Farmington station and go shopping for
the kids and I usually do a lot of my
shopping online but I didn't want to
play the return and order return order
until I finally found the right size and
the place that I usually buy all my kids
is pants is at the Baby Gap and so
that's why we came down out of Logan cuz
Logan has no shopping it has no shopping
really um okay so we're here we're gonna
pick out some clothes for the kids so
that will be ready for fall control look
at all these fall clothes already I
seriously love the gap for kids as the
here that their pants fit the best I
think so yeah I mean they're doubled
there's their double lined until it
lasts forever
all right mode
there were days man and I'm glad you
wanted to come today
sound of bellows me too me too
do you remember this place
I honestly can't believe how beautiful
it is I want our sweet potatoes to look
like very sweet potatoes funny they are
nerd look like you live in a warmer
climate and how the twenty yeah I have a
24/7 maintenance they're seniors know
there's a nice look like nine yes I kind
of kind of random
yeah I gotta do - yeah I crazy -
everyone get out show's over and play
the playground
go over the bridge can you run
now what you see
all I want to do is go sit on those flat
rocks how amazing would that be
look Boston do you see the playground
look it's right over there
follow daddy follow daddy look at the
sweet potatoes are so pretty I keep
feeling like we're missing somebody
don't you and we are well I mean
obviously Olivia is a school right now
but I just feel like I'm missing a
little kid I maybe I don't know that
does not mean anything no we're not
missing anybody full house they're just
scattered oh this feels good this was
perfect timing we stopped to my mom's
house right before we came and she made
us some chocolate chip cookies real
quick he just does that oh you're gonna
be here for a little bit I'll make some
cookies I hope he cameras on you I
wasn't really looking he has done so
good today in this in this rap he's done
so good in there
he likes that
it's the bear Superbowl well yeah out in
the room just stand there look into the
water I bet he is so happy right now
why his clothes hot
where's Boston oh he's done at the
bottom he's down there hiding holding
onto the face full yeah this is perfect
timing because we can just sit for a
minute and then then we'll go get some
lunch
these kids are way more interested in
watching the water show than they are
playing in the playgrounds that the
water turned off
love those boys
okay seriously Cody is out in the water
Joel is on his way to go get him he is
not supposed to be and I think the guard
is on a way to get buddy too
I know it's not funny but it kind of is
hey lady what you got underneath there
crazy I never thought I'd feel the
merciful
like I never thought I would feel good
John you cover straw or did you really
what little shorts a little nutty now
take a little too much off the top okay
if there's playing of the knives to be
that they're sharp
no skin heals no no no and the reason I
say no is because she's just not just
fine
nursing moms nurse in public it's
totally normal I'm glad she's covered up
and not just willy-nilly but it's nice
to see moms nursing out in public I
think it's a good thing when we had our
first baby love John I were like never
we don't know some public and
the rest I think I told you one time I
was like I think I don't know like it's
just more natural now to us you know
like now that we I don't know it's fine
but I definitely like when they stay
coming up oh yeah come look what's here
oh man look at these pizzas guys what
look what do we got what is this code
yeah but you you're heck you're hanging
your head but you're gonna love this
what you got hey yeah you just keep
nursing moms and I'm gonna eat pizza
with the boys thank you for helping me
so much I would never have been able to
take I was planning on bringing the kids
by myself okay there's like one piece of
basil on my visa by one you mean for
there's one piece of sausage on my pizza
okay thank you for taking care of us
Gina weds Joel I think that our flowers
look pretty stinking good I just want
one of those hanging baskets with the
sweet potato in it I think we could do
that
tough guys plant flowers hey sister do
you know what I'll bring you inside and
show you what we got
I found a shirt for you that you are
going to love want me to give you a hint
what's on it
no you wanted to be a surprise Kay my
plan was to have Olivia in here and the
boys and have them help me show you what
we got them and to show Olivia what we
got her but they were they were acting
naughty tonight so they are downstairs
on their beds waiting for bedtime and
I'm going to show you what we got the
kids so we went to the gap and got
Olivia like a little dress shirt with
some leggings and these are like some
sparkly stretch pants they're kind of
corduroy stretchy pants but this was the
shirt I just know she's gonna die over
Olivia and I love hummingbirds we love
when we see them and that's always fun
for us so I got her that shirt I got
Boston a new church when Z and I wish so
bad they made onesies for kids this is
the first shirt I've ever bought Cody
and I'm really kind of sad about it
because they don't stay tucked in they
just don't stay tucked in and that's
what I don't like about them oh well
so each boy got a sweat outfit Olivia
already has one but they needed
something warm and comfy to wear around
the house so they each got a pair of
Levi's and a new pair of shoes because
the ones they have barely fit their feet
and they are falling apart kids are
expensive kids are very expensive and
Joel is so sweet to let me get a few
things I was telling Ellie I don't have
any bubble bath and so they have a
really yummy that's just the regular
whatever um
but they have a really good new sense oh
I'm having a hard time here
it's the marshmallow pumpkin latte oh my
so I got a few of those of course they
lure you in with the whole like buy
three get two free and then you end up
just buying a whole bunch of stuff but
anyway that's what I got and that's our
haul for tonight and I did want to say
um I'm usually pretty good about
replying to a handful of comments each
video a good handful of comments each
video but I feel like I'm like just
barely getting videos out as it is on
its own and through the day I just I I
can't focus on the kids and you know
flipping through my phone and stuff so I
just haven't really been replying to
comments very much like hardly at all
when I get more on the swing of things
I'll reply to comments but I do see him
in Joel and I do read them how we like
to sit we like to read them mm-hmm at
the end of the night once most the
comments are there and we like to go
through and read them and that's kind of
fun but you'd be sitting on your bed -
because you're naughty - but you're just
too little huh okay well that is it for
today thanks for hanging out with us
guys Oh your face smells desi good I
hope he poops you do it I hope you did I
hope he cooked okay have a good night
everybody
maybe hi say good night bud yeah can i
bed
