good morning you two morning did you go
get that blanket for him huh he's
climbed a little bit just a little bit
yeah so you went and got his blanket huh
he's looking at czy he doesn't know it's
in this house he doesn't know what's in
it no I can't I will go get is there
okay run Renan who is it I think it's in
his room where the toys are ran ran ran
ran you did pretty good last night
little babe you did pretty good last
night put you to bed at 9:00 and you
woke up at 4:00
and that makes mama happy and then
instead of me being able to sleep this
guy woke up at like 5:00 o'clock asked
for a hot dog only just pick it up okay
let's get it wiped up go grab that towel
in the kitchen and then so I went down
told him to go back to bed and then he
woke up at 6:00 so I had to tell him to
go back to bed what was up more times
with my two-year-old then I was with my
newborn baby oh my gosh yeah even you I
have got a movie going for the boys that
hopefully will keep them occupied and
hopefully you my little boy will sleep
so I can take a very very very much
needed nap does that even make sense
what I was trying to say I'm going to go
take a shower did you say nap I'm gonna
go take a shower and hopefully all is
well when I get out right baby boy my
envisions of a hot shower did not quite
happen he started screaming the second I
turn the water on so I made a very quick
shower which is a good thing because
when I got out Boston Wade you decided
to
ransack the house which I wouldn't have
noticed anyway because it is such a
disaster a textual he'll be home from
work here in a little bit I text him on
Mike I tried so hard like fitting
picking the house up into this into my
schedule and it just it's so hard it's
so hard I really I cannot wait for Joel
to get home again that wait for Joel to
get home are you smiling because I
turned the camera on yes Kate guess what
it's time to take it down for you and
look what I have for you I have to know
in just a minute
I have to tootsie rolls what are these
Cody cakey will what are these kick
evils yeah okay cue ball hold on hold on
hold on hey no look I have one right now
take just one and look wink if you're a
good boy and you take a good nap when
you wake up you can have this one right
here okay okay scoot over
and I'll lay with you for a second just
come over get your head on your pillow
look get your head on your pillow
Boston give me a kiss don't have a big
hug thank you roll over my clothes rise
you're a good faker
not very often do I make you take a nap
do I hey that Lincoln's asleep
Boston's asleep parking lot man
well he's in his bed and he's trying to
fall asleep hey
and so I'm gonna make you take a nap
with me hey now I know you don't
hey Jonah not my favorite thing right
now is looking at you yeah butthole I
just caught a quiet quiet quiet no
movies yeah look at me I'm trying to
tell you something my favorite thing
right now looking at Jack he's your dry
little boogie he had your messy hair
okay and you smell like a little kid
that's been outside all day well I seem
to like and your breath is gonna stinky
and you know what hey I like this t-yong
why cuz I love you Larry do you
love your mama yeah how much do you love
me yeah a ton yeah I bet I love you more
I bet I live anymore and you want to
know the best part about little kids huh
they don't care how tired your eyes are
how stinky your breath is or nothing
they just love you no matter what huh oh
okay
hey Dad show me how far you can bend
your finger back this is actually crazy
you're this hands in the way I can't see
put it on the other side and your finger
back let me see isn't that crazy
how's school and I guess I just didn't
me me the whole time right here I just
barely did it well then I've in dance
class to do that at school like for PE
per day
and yes well show me how show me what
you did let's go back a little bit but
let's wash me wet wet wait a minute can
you do that some more
watch me wet what's my minute kill -
first one watch me watch me win
watch me Mindy hey you know what we all
just woke up and the baby is still
asleep so I'm gonna go wake him up so
that I can feed him but you took a good
nap you took a good nap I'm so proud of
you Cody and took a nap with the booty
and mommy took a nap you guys I wish I
looked better for you but it is the last
thing on my priority list I had every
intentions of getting ready today I did
but sleep sounded so much better
okay I had to sleep you know what I have
a snack on the table for you so anyway
so we are just waiting for my next I'm
gonna hide the baby and then oh you want
a snack - okay okay Joel it's a good
thing that he is bundled up because it
is just a tiny bit chilly out here well
I'm sure it does to you you've been
working out here oh sorry I'm like
trying to rotate my hand here okay yeah
look the yard look so good honey are you
doing a good job when I was mowing
behind the grapes
uh-huh I could smell the grapes a little
bit start again really well this is the
most grapes we've seen on our vines ever
we planted these little things when they
were just eating a teeny tiny and they
still are very small especially compared
to my dad's but they look really they're
growing we had tons of tomatoes there's
not really that many that's green is
there enough
oh yeah that's red I mean oh yeah I
guess there's tons
we're going down past my parents
tomorrow we're going to bring them some
Tomatoes because usually they have tons
of their own and they're the ones
sharing with us usually but this year
their life was crazy and they didn't get
to plant anything so we're gonna bring
them some of ours aren't we John okay so
earlier oh and PS thank you for putting
the kids to bed life seems all calm and
stuff but that's why the vlog or the
camera didn't come out its cried up it's
like I don't know how to vlog with four
kids it's like oh it was crazy it was
crazy Joel got him fed he got him in bed
and I nursed the baby and now life is
calm and we're gonna enjoy our evening
together huh I'll show you oh you don't
want to do too many cuz you don't want
him to go bad but enough that they can
have tomato sandwiches for five days in
a row where you can't smell the grapes
oh my word that like smells like my
childhood say it smells like working on
Orchard really with LG yeah I grew up
working on an orchard for any of you
don't know a peach orchard well a fruit
orchard we had peaches and grapes here's
my neighbor my parents lived across the
street from the orchard and then he was
the this old man his name was LG Wilson
and I would go every morning to you and
meet him on the tractor and then we'd
worked for a couple hours go have
breakfast at his house
oatmeal with raisins he was five he'd
got up at 6:00 in the morning and he'd
go over to LG's yep oh yeah super early
were day all day stay all day he'd they
what would you do for you take a break
you'd come in oh yeah we'd come in cuz
he was old he was like sixty some so
retired whatnot so he'd come in and just
lay flat on the carpet in the living
room so I just lay right next to him and
take a nap
you tell you close your eyes yeah
children can do young kids can do a
more than we expect him I was five and I
was driving a tractor that was a
standard it was a shift mm-hmm Oh tell
him how much you mowed his lawn for he
had an acre and a half lawn an acre and
a half lon and I would mow it for a buck
a week and you did it do you you that's
what you did okay work is good for
little kids they need it ha ha look at
the ants yeah ah ok well let's end the
vlog here better and it's done
cut it out no I'm sorry I don't know
what that's the second time I've said
that I don't even know why we have you
said I why cuz full house is like coming
back no it's not the fuller house I'm
serious it's a real thing that's weird
yeah
ok see you later guys a really nice time
bye babes
