happy birthday to my boy candles happy
yeah good job
what's he trying to do try coal up with
me and think he's doing that it wasn't
was you try is he trying to eat yeah get
some milk okay only mama's can feed
babies Oh
pushing mycotic away his babies
what's your favorite part about Lincoln
what do you like to do I like to put in
and kiss me lies normal when it yep you
what was that last thing you said uh oh
um yep yep you all show me what you
always do it's no ink it's a yeah how
come
crushing like this oh he's your best
baby and he smells so good huh you know
like looking good yeah I know you do Hey
okay sure Oh he slobbered all over you
linkie what you doing it well that's a
little better now we can see your face
your pretty little face huh that's a
little bit better yeah he's he asked you
oh that's a pretty little face kion stop
no it's like you know however if and I
just pose nose of my nose
it's a fun game why should we change
your diaper did you show them all of our
luggage over here oh that's part of the
day Oh best part of what day you were
asleep while I was packing that stuff no
the best part of the day is the fact
that the kids are going and we have the
weekend to ourselves that's amazing okay
what'd you find
do the neighbor bring you kids okay cool
like it
Sophie Sophie so lod friend um aunt Ruby
is coming look at okay first look at his
belly button
it came off so we're gonna bathe him
soon that's pretty button this is aunt
Ruby is coming to pick up the kids and
she said I'm not even giving you a
chance to say no I'm gonna come pick him
up and we live several hours away from
each other and she's gonna drive up here
she's gonna get the kids went Olivia
gets home from school and she's gonna
keep him for like 4 days I do I feel a
little bit spoiled I do I feel like I
feel like everyone's been too good to me
Joel has the next couple of days off and
so we're just going to be with the baby
and then he has a big weekend of work hi
Joel yeah that's a poopy weekend Wow
you're making a little bit of a mess
there huh what you got bud great wait I
swear that's like a kid's first word
street want me to help you
yep he hates when I open a tree for him
Boston open Boston open yeah he'll give
he'll give himself a few attempts and
then he's like all right does he do it
let's do it okay yeah yeah yeah yeah oh
let's see it's aligned you got a pretty
good attempt
a little bit in the
that's funny what do you say I got I was
literally gonna say that I was gonna say
wait what are they called jump with that
in your mouth yet hold on hold on what
do they call uh kick you us the best
kind speechless he knows what you talked
about though oh that's funny oh there's
a watermelon ah there's any black
licorice oh it's been really hard for me
not to eat those yes there is black
licorice one white one black I'm like
kids posers those are spicy you can't
have them those are cat guy you don't
want him um last night Lincoln slept
from how long do you sleep we put
invited 11 he woke up at 5:30 11 to 5:30
not too shabby
spicy no you won't like America I am
home by myself and not completely by
myself baby's asleep
Boston's taking a nap and I just had the
luxury of taking an amazing bath that
was much much needed believe it or not
this took like seven tries to put my
hair I've been a bun I'm like you know
how like when one piece is pulling or
whatever anyway I was having a rough
time and I thought I could hear
something like out in the house and I
was like why is that nice and I come
walking around the corner and you can
see like a little head of hair right
there it freaked me the heck out and as
I got closer and closer I realized it
was just Tina Tina ding you freaked me
the heck out I was like
Boston can't get out of his room I know
nobody else is here who is going to make
out anyway I think that I'm a little
overexcited because my sister is coming
rivey to get my kids like we told you
earlier and I don't know what it is
about sisters that kind of give you a
little bit of energy it's like no matter
how tired I was because I'm tired I woke
up at 5:30 to feed the baby
yeah 5:30 6:30 yeah and then I got
Olivia ready for school and I was like
well I'm up I may as well just stay up
and I cut Kody's hair and I was like
well alright boss and I already have my
stuff out so I cut Boston's hair and I
think I was just a little overly excited
to have my sister be coming anyway he
looks at you like you getting this dad
hey okay can you burp it oh okay mom yes
my burp she means cuddle did you miss
him while you were at school Houck you
are her shorts grandma howleen got those
for you
zalien they are to die for
for yeah you gonna help me hold it you
know I like good cheek to cheek with
them on yeah that's like Ruby's infamous
pose right there were you just now were
you were you asking me if you could go
cheek to cheek were you or no I was
holding I was like Olivia let go of him
I wasn't she just I thought you were
asking me I was like he's already at
your face and I haven't answered but of
course the answer would be yes where
were you saying one you should get my
coffee after oh yeah oh yeah word and I
nursed him things might get a little
weird
Hotel okay let me see the truth whoo -
this is Chad melody please camera to me
is this is me in that restaurant hotel
haha obvious now and then who's on this
picture ad Olivia
Annie Julie and then this is the closet
and then this is the bed for sherek
Julie ah okay and did you put you in the
closet you just don't like her you know
what until you get into kindergarten I'm
I pick a but once you get into
kindergarten first grade it's all over
okay you might be busted this little man
is eaten and will swear damn is he
looking at Jen no no I'll turn around oh
okay he doesn't want to be filmed her
just little he is honestly I do not want
him to grow out of this little teeny
tiny baby stage like look at him he
still likes to be scrunched up like he
likes his knees it is yes
so he's full his diaper is changed
hey the kids are really still oh I
forgot huh hey he's gonna be so sad it's
okay hey your puppy dogs here your puppy
dog here you're like my car because the
kids are gone putting a bed the baby
here by parting she means we're put
into bed and get to get a good night's
rest well
well because in the morning when he
wakes up I'll see you put him right back
to bed and then we get to sleep for like
four hours
thank you buddy and I'm really excited
Chris cute pants though no good like too
big on them stone okay okay let's
swallow you up I am a huge fan I think
it's my favorite thing um you're doing
that wrong
no okay it's time for now tell me tell
me why you like adopted I'm Bonnie and I
have a huge debate because I think the
way that a baby is swaddled can
influence which hand they are dominant
with and all of our children been
swaddled a certain way so that they're
right-handed not that it matters that
the right or left but I think it
influences it so I've tried to have
Bonnie may can be influenced to be
right-handed because I think the way
that if you're a if you're swaddling
somebody and you're right-handed you can
to me I think you make the person
left-handed and then it'll go by spur
say cuz I know it's silly and probably
ridiculous probably not even true but I
don't know because I can't make it out
first right again the hand that gets out
of the blanket first will be the
dominant hand that can't be that crazy
does that sound crazy
I don't know man it doesn't even matter
either lefty or righty
doesn't even matter oh my gosh
yep this is what we do every time my
brother's he likes to lay on me like I
think he likes feeling me hmm get on
pace with you so it's not really
oh I'll hold stop get moving
well and I like to keep burping him too
just to make sure he doesn't have any
bubbles in his touch he likes a little
Pat though even if he's not not burping
I'm just a little pat on his chest and
on his back he likes it I've watched his
eyes get pretty droopy yeah usually
by now in the evening the kids are
already asleep tonight they're gone in
this case but then Joel will usually
read to me while I finish nursing or
while I broke the baby and I don't know
we get out of the habit because normally
we just sit and watch TV all night but
whenever I have babies are kind of like
restarts us don't you think Joel oh man
we usually utilize our time just a
little bit better and we even started a
new book so it's good at which a
neighbor brought us dinner and then when
I took our pan back she's like oh I have
these couple of books she might read and
she's giving me some books in the past
that I've rather just been amazing in
anyway she she's like oh you can't go
without this so we started that one yeah
that was kind of fun well you guys I'm
gonna burp my baby and I'm gonna wait
till he's nice and drowsy and I'm gonna
lay him down
and then me and Joel we're gonna hit the
hay
we're gonna go to bed sleep in the
morning after I feed this guy again hmm
well you guys thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you guys in my
next video bye guys
fine better the next time
oh no okay my baby mommy up he's trying
to get drowsy very
