we get ready to tuck your gear
thank you being okay close race but I
didn't your mother close race you
mouthing close race the response you
guys gave us in the video about his
binky and supporting me was such a
relief like a lift off of my heart we
let Lincoln have his binky during nap
time but not at bedtime
babies that's good because we don't have
a disc rocket
okay this looks like your spatula good
one open schedule have you ever used an
easy-bake oven before just a hard bake
oven alright you two girls pick out
which recipe we're going to make egg
wash are you serious
that's pretty pretzels like pink
frosting mix what sounds good brownies
or
the cupcakes wanna make a cupcake okay
well we don't have a cupcake tin I think
you may have to make the brownies and
get the cupcake tins another time the
brownie mixes so how do you guys do that
brownie mix with vanilla frosting let's
see alright you don't want frosting on
your brownies chocolate brownie mix with
easy-bake vanilla frosting it's not
gonna taste like mom's frosting Olivia
I'm just gonna tell you right now you
guys are a little too excited about this
stuff all right let's get the bacon
stir it up good
I know insights get a little more water
in there snows - going yeah I smell
it a lot good thing there's no eggs in
that batter who knows how long I
supposed to bake for 20 minutes probably
you better check you see can't even see
in there bummer
I wanted to see it timer's up Olivia
you're gonna push this all the way
through to push it out and then kinked
gonna pull it out for us keep going you
got it
no no use the other end use that in
that's gonna be hot yeah that's hot
sweetie that's an oven that's an
easy-bake oven brownies
okay that looks pretty good keep
stirring keep stirring no fluffy flakes
no fluffy plays there you go now it
doesn't need all that sweetie there is
like a gallon of frosting and like two
ounces of brownies so just a little bit
yeah that's good dare you drip on my
table is it good for the next thing
tastes good
let's let's serve those bad boys up for
you girls when was the last time you
were able to eat a half of the sheet of
roundings never never these actually
served up I think pretty well that was
not coming up help me help me get that
one off there there you go Bon Appetit
first bite tell me what you think don't
break the plates it's really crumbly
brownie how's it taste
how's it taste cake would you come back
to the easy-bake restaurant again okay
good well that's good you're gonna need
all that milk that's a dry brownie okay
my dates here my dick just showed up
that took forever
no John I've been trying to we took our
budget from last year and we're like
okay let's cut it in half and some of my
appointments
we're costing us a little bit of money
and I was like I'm gonna cut him in half
I was like I'm gonna make sure that I'm
doing my nails every other time I was
like and I don't need to like get
pedicures I'm from take care of my own
feet
I've been doing a very good job
I will go let's just let's just clarify
how much Joe likes having my feet done I
like them no no no my feet done how much
you like like Joe really likes my feet
okay they look a little from beer I know
but cuz I broke that freakin toe now
anyway he
I was having mommy time so you just back
off okay anyway Joel sent me a text I
was like working on my phone and you
sent me a text and he was like I made
you a pedicure appointment I was like a
name it was pretty Island sweetie come
on our date let's go
like I'm gonna ready to go potty you did
you saw the babysitter's been briefed
love this song I have to sure enough to
talk what do you want to do I don't know
part of me wants to go down to somewhere
we haven't eaten in a while then part of
me is like theater sounds fun too I know
we either want to stay and go to a movie
or drive out of the city city out of the
county to go to dinner I think a sun's
funner to go to a movie and dinner okay
and we have friends that we can go visit
okay deal we have to French we can go
visit tide and Ashley it's not easy home
Hickam is lnj how's your movie new guys
it's date night I needed a date night I
think what am I Who am I kidding
it doesn't matter like what's going on
if life is perfect I'm like I totally
need a date if I had one piece of advice
for any couple whether you're just like
not marrying and married I still have
like cotton in between my feet and
anyway it is to go on dates whether
you're fighting whether you're happy you
like going Orange go oh right here sorry
going on dates is it's healthy it's good
very healthy I think for relationships
why are we so fuzzy
here let me grab your Toby because that
would just be embarrassing thank you oh
thank you
smell em smell em no ocean the yellow
got jealous if I ask you to do something
oh yeah wit like you slice new to look
at so we're trying it out Jolie I'm
having a really nice time like I hate
you and love you all the same time no
I'm excited to try it which ones like oh
that was yours look at that that's like
a one-piece shot to pieces like a large
huge PETA neither dry I'm pretty excited
I call they sell them in doubles
you know these are cauliflower bites you
may make fun of me but I bet they taste
amazing I mean they taste just like
chicken
well they're no they don't do that
jiggling can't have the same texture and
they have it's just like it's not me
gross it's the same flavor that's all I
care about
next up is the movie theater we have
heard so many good things what's it
called about the greatest showman the
greatest showman gonna say I think we're
gonna close the here we're gonna go
in and enjoy our movie and then just hit
ha so thanks for joining us on date
night we'll see you guys around
okay hoppin night at the movie theater a
maybe it's a little more popping than we
thought because there's no seats
everybody's already in the theater we
got two seats
there you go so all right we got our
treats we are sitting very very close
because it's not theater seating so we
don't want too many people refer us were
very very close
hey again for the second time tonight
see you tomorrow bye guys
