like can you love you I want to see how
cute you are come stand in front of the
camera so this is what Olivia's wearing
to school today and she has some shoes
that match huh came here I can't even
see you turn around I want to see how
she is daddy only has two legs do you
know what this little guy he slept from
midnight well we were done feeding this
kid at 9:30 and usually he's asleep by
10:00 2 hours I finally gave the baby to
John I'm like go rock him midnight you
guys he didn't go to bed till midnight
but he slept till 7 so you know not bad
for a two-week-old I don't think mazdan
go take that outside yep you did good
little man oh oh oh
funny cuz I you know when you're right
up here you did run and run Boston
good job can you lay down next to the
baby and I'll change your diaper don't
want your head oh my goodness here no
legs over this way Cody no not look you
can sit on this end you change his
diaper look at this you were my baby two
weeks ago Boston and now look how big
you are I can't even fit in the frame
seriously you're a tank look at you and
you're just this little bitty baby how
old are you sir
say I'm to thank you say two fingers
show me - look look show me two fingers
he's so big like he's such a big boy
don't put that by the baby formula yeah
we do
we got the rig all the way loaded up
yeah we're gonna go play oh boy look at
you are you ready hey do you know what
goes on when your car goes off Olivia's
helmet okay we'll take your goggles off
Cody are you ready
leave your goggles on you'll like them
on okay we're ready to go we're ready to
roll hi guys did we make it we made it
we're not anywhere near the top or where
I normally get to we've been driving for
about 15 minutes normally I am a good 10
miles farther than I am but we wrote
about 5 miles an hour
for the boys and just enjoying it cuz
it's a little bit of a rougher trail but
we stopped and we got wait what there's
a waterfall look at that kid he's
adorable
we stopped him we got the boys a treat
and we're in the woods so we got bug
juice
and grandma's cookies in a salted nut
roll these are two for a buck is a good
deal want to take your helmet off okay
yeah
are we roughing it yeah this is really
roughing it I don't know how I survived
just bugged you some cookies
this place really is fun this is
Providence yeah this is no this
Millville Canyon and I've been coming to
this Canyon for years now I've been
dragging the old blue machines that we
have up here and it's been a lot of fun
but this is the first time taking my new
four-wheeler whoo up here and it is it's
Cadillac I'm not gonna tell you it's
Cadillac but look at this place little
waterfalls everywhere canyons this is it
we're just we're just in a campsite
right now and it's huge the big old
campsite maybe a big family reunion up
here sometime huh hmm maybe mmm okay we
are gonna enjoy our treats have what
what can we have here we're show me
where oh it's over here okay let's go
find where you have the campfires
okay we're waiting come on show me where
the campfires go code oh look and
there's even some wood and everything
look at this and it's right by the water
what a deal huh yeah mm-hmm mouthful of
cookie handful of juice loving it we are
at the Millville Park this is where I
parked to kind of unload the machines
because that way I don't got to go up
all up in the dirt with the vehicle and
the trailer and everything and I'm like
100 yards from the trailhead and the
kids can play well I tie everything down
cuz they were kind of upset a little bit
when we were coming down cuz it was lil
Buffy going backwards
I've got Burnitz belly that just looks
like a hearse in your day and I got it's
a big spider wave octagon thing whatever
you call that
and I got look at actual metal slide
nobody has these anymore
they're amazing though look at this a
park not apart
and fYI this wicked cool house you can't
probably see back there I landscape that
long ago long ago show me code
so we left this morning for about four
hours and all I did was just leave it
and it's just it's just cooking away
it just keeps loading pellets in and
look at that beautiful pork
I still got a long time to go but I can
just leave it and it just goes so I go
for wheel on all day come home do some
more yard work and I'll have a nice
pulled pork sandwich later this is not
coerced this is Cody keep going keep no
don't get the ball keep going oh you're
gonna stop all right there you go you
guys are matching down my lawn
hey go go go go not enough power running
out of juice them boys were just working
too hard they were too hot and sweaty
they both came to the door with beet-red
faces and said we're hot we're sweaty so
they're just you know cooling off in the
shade have a little popsicle while Daddy
finishes the one you guys
he is the best dad I think I say that
every time this has been our whole
summer
Joel's taking care of the yard wrangling
the kids while he does it
oh you know and I'm just inside taking
care of a baby all summer I was growing
a baby and now I'm taking care of a baby
I love it I love it and we got to get
ready because we have a two week doctor
appointment visit today and here's the
main man here's my main man you slept so
great
how nice is that the Le volunteered to
take our children what a sweetie I know
I feel very happy to me I took a
two-hour nap while Joel was out
four-wheeling and we just got back from
the doctor with this little man oh he's
struggling in here
he gained almost a full pound over his
birth weight oh thank you
we were wondering thank you okay I just
almost killed you guys I'm so sorry
Oh Lincoln Lincoln was born at seven
pounds and today two weeks after he was
born he weighed in at 7.12 but it is
today appointment was two days after
appointment he weighed six pounds even
yeah so drop the full pound in two days
so I just feel happiness I'm like yes I
am making good mama no it makes me feel
very proud so we are enjoying a really
nice lunch Thank You Ellie for watching
our kids
dates to come I think that's okay
something that you might not know about
Joel is he is absolutely full of I
wouldn't say useless trivia but I swear
I swear he knows so many things like he
was sitting here eating the mushrooms
off my salad that I picked off honeybees
are gonna say something tell me what
your disease telling me about mushrooms
in order for mushrooms to grow you have
to have high nitrogen in the soil which
means something's decomposing underneath
it like tree roots or anything out of
them anyway Clendon our yard we have
stone we get lots of actually get tons
of mushrooms and I'm like what's
decomposing in our yard thank you
all the trees we've cut down all the
roots are decomposing play lots of
mushrooms there
smartest guy alive
oh I'm sorry I was enjoying the sexiness
okay Lindsay from Manchester you did not
leave me with a return address and I had
to say something about your letter you
had me at I'm sorry this isn't much but
this is all I could do on a babysitter's
budget and that just really kind of
tugged at my heartstrings and I looked
over at Joel and he had a little tear in
his eye I was reading that part of the
letter because we did so much on
babysitter's budgets and little high
school job budgets and I don't know why
that like really just touched me because
those little dollars that we all earn on
what little budgets we have I don't know
I just was very special to me that you
chose to spend that little budget on me
and it was truly appreciated in your
letter was just beautiful thank you all
of the kids are in bed feels so good
yup Joel is going to shred what he
cooked today um just looks like a lump
of black best stuff ever
yeah it looks like a big one I can see
the bone the bone exposure that means
it's done just right actually pickups
are driving me crazy
we got little buggers watching this I'm
gonna pack daddy's lunch for work for
work tomorrow and I'm gonna do the
dishes and hopefully we can just enjoy
the rest of our night and we'll see how
well Lincoln does tonight and actually
I've got quite a bit of things to pick
up around the house but luckily Joel is
home we'll whip that out really quick
and then we are going to bed the second
Lincoln is asleep because we wanna sleep
Kevin we're hurting yes you do so as
always thank you guys so much for
watching thank you guys so much for what
oh these are hair cups
hey good night everybody had a really
nice time wait Sean the fun
so beautiful yes good night everybody
it's like 11 hours of smoking good night
everybody okay joel was super super
super proud of that it was the best one
that he's made so far so we just had to
show you the final project okay ever
done love you guys
say goodbye but good jobs don't smell
what I'm picking you smell what I'm
laying down smell don't know what I'm
stepping in
