good morning and happy Saturday
everybody yeah I am feeling very good
this morning uh I almost hit Boston
Lincoln slept really good for me last
night I put him to bed at 10:30 or was
it 10:00
no I put him to bed at 10:00 and he
slept until hold on let me think here
okay
he slept from 10:30 to 4:00 and then I
put him to bed at 5:00 and he slept
until I woke him up about 8:30 this
morning and because I needed to feed him
and um Joel and I made pancakes for the
kids this morning and I think just
having Joel home um really helps me like
it helps me with my boost of energy so
Joel is doing a few errands this morning
and ice lock to the kids outside I told
not to play while I cleaned up the
kitchen um I got my bedroom in the
bathroom and the front room picked up
which for me if I feel like my house is
picked up I feel like okay I can breathe
like if things are feeling clean and
people are happy I'm happy
but this guy yes he spit up earlier um
he's been so good for me this morning
usually he really likes to be held
um it doesn't want me to put him down
but this morning you mister you
beautiful boy you have just been laying
here happy oh oh and more okay gotta go
I just got done changing this guy's
diaper
these are newborn diapers and I have to
fold them down in the front because one
there's still just a little big and two
so that it doesn't bump his umbilical
cord cuz it hasn't come off yet but I
had to show you look at this diaper in
comparison to his head like it's so tiny
I cannot believe these little teeny
diapers and they're gonna change so fast
but I just think that's so funny they're
so little so what I routinely do is I
open the window so I can hear what the
kids are doing and I can
here they get hurt or whatever I sit
here and do the dishes and it's always
really really interesting to me to see
what each kid does Olivia was outside
just now making fishing poles with
sticks and grass if you look at Cody
well he was just throwing water around
like he doesn't he's not as creative as
Olivia but he has fun yeah that's
basically what he was doing in Boston I
don't really know what you do what are
you doing out here Olivia I had her
throw away some old flowers and she
found buckets went through my garbage
and put the flowers out
so I'll get your drink hold on one
second so that's Olivia for you just
kind of fun to see what they do
hi no don't touch don't touch
hey don't spray me did you just throw
water on me hi yeah
it's a good thing you guys are oh and
now she's gonna water the flowers if you
hold it by that you might rip that out
so don't hold it just hold it from the
bottom I don't know how to twist it on
yeah looks like you're doing a good job
hold it from the very bottom or you're
gonna break it
yep there you go that's why it goes in
the back of the firetruck so you can
just wheel it around just get over code
so I can see Olivia yep I don't know why
well why are you not doing good job guys
okay I'm gonna I'm gonna finish the
dishes and then we'll have lunch
together
Cody open the jar halos okay you're hey
I don't know okay whoo I'm kind of
nervous too as well okay move the lid
cookies
my villain take the lid off okay put
your hand over put your hand over
ah that's a baby one how did you catch a
big one okay yes very good friend come
on that's what I said no I get to keep
him
yeah you can be nice and sure Coby good
grief are you nervous no I catch sooner
he was so scared I know he's my leg oh
darn it
Oh who shoot maybe that happened in the
process of catching him
you guys go outside and see if you can
find more Cody
don't be nervous to take the lid off
okay you plugged illegal hmm good that
Lego I think when I catch tonight let it
off maybe think that's fine I think he's
just porn you think he was just boring
this is a letter to cadence her cousin
Olivia quite often will write letters to
her cousin and I'm too lazy to find the
address so I just tell her go put it in
the mailbox and it'll get to them and
usually they're just pictures sometimes
they actually get sent but unfortunately
a lot of the times they just get stuck
right here okay in Michael and I know
that that is super mean see that's to my
aunt
Sonya um I know that's really rude but
it's I just sometimes I just can't now
that my house is clean there's no way
I'm going to let my kids run around and
destroy it it's only like noon and so I
know I'm not a big fan of you know
hanging kids with an iPad but the only
reason I'm letting him use it in here is
because I need to contain them so they
are going to sit here and they're going
to watch a movie and I I'm going to try
and feed this beautiful boy as soon as
he'll wake up but he's just not really
waking up some oh hello stop
be softer than guys look just give
Boston itches
but that bastard look let go of his head
look let go of his head there we go
there we go
he's just looks Olivia he's just looking
at his hands yeah no baby come here come
play with a baby you just have to be
soft no no this is kind of hard to
everyone wants the baby yeah see what
kind of getting upset may look let's
just do hands off for a second Cody why
don't you go wash your hands with soap
and water you kind of been outside all
day yes hmm gosh okay
see right there where you wanting to go
I'm scared okay
Julia you watch her their kids are so
excited for the new baby and they kind
of think they can just be adults with
the baby and it just makes me a little
nervous
are you Megan did you go for a ride in
the wagon
yeah good boy yeah it's a little hard
we've been zombies today because we're
just tired we're so tired and the kids
are not the kids are not tired and I
don't know it's just it's an adjustment
hey hey let Boston say hi Olivia hi baby
hi baby hi baby
awesome whoa baby baby the baby does not
talk Boston loves when the baby sucks on
his lips so he won't leave the baby
alone Pete Boston he doesn't want you to
do that he doesn't want you to do that
yep you just kissed the top of his head
don't you in his face I want you to
scoot back just a little bit there you
go just let him be let him be for just a
second
Oh what you are you pouting up there
yes you are you're pouting yeah and I'm
pretty sure these kids haven't eaten all
day it's bedtime
so I think I'll find something for them
to eat
oh he heard me say bedtime that's why
I'm looking Cocotte well I guess okay
let's not put our fingers in their
mouths ki no you just watch them but
that's how babies get sick okay I know
you guys think this is but no Boston do
not put your finger in his mouth come on
everybody
yeah like I was saying I kind of feel
like I want the kids to really enjoy him
but it's at my nerves expense and I'm
just it's been a little bit of an
adjustment I think for all of us you
know we're just getting used to this
baby and it's kind of hard being patient
hi Joel when are when we're just so
tired just tired he's just tired it's a
good thing that my mom and cousins and
everybody is kind of taking their turns
helping me with the kids because if I
had to jump into this like the day I
came home from the hospital I would have
lost it so I haven't really had the kids
a whole lot at home and so maybe that's
why it right now I'm just like oh but I
don't know we're getting there her Joel
it's just chaos but it's fun yeah I just
feel like I'm being pulled in at no no
no no no not be yes I will let you
Olivia just a minute
did you mean it aw little when it's your
turn I'll let you hold the baby right
now
Cody's just holding them yep and then
it'll be Boston shirt I just feel like
I'm being pulled in a million different
directions but it's part of it I mean
that's just part of it yeah the new
bitch crying waking up okay that's why I
heard I'm used to wake up oh look what
you film good job
good job Boston huh look at that we work
together like it'll be your turn in just
one second okay sweetie okay well you
guys thank you for watching I hope this
was some entertaining today and
we'll see you in our next video bye guys
I had a really nice time
