the
my word I'm so excited there okay I
think maybe I maybe some hand sanitizer
like that baby oh my word that's
beautiful did you make that I love it
daddy Boston young I'll put that on in
just a minute okay I'm so excited to see
you did you ship did you cheer up when I
left
yeah it's me baby John come say hi he
wants to come sit over here Cody found
the cookies to bring Boston up here I
got some more you know what we all find
you guys some did you say hi begin root
yeah baby bird oh my why where's Lincoln
right okay this is Lincoln Roy this is
Lincoln right this one's mine wow you
made a lot this one's mine ah this neck
that's mine man single but ah how did
you make such know Boston Oh sneaky oh
my son pushed the button we're good okay
thank you yes
Oh God this baby came out of my tummy
can you believe it I make it so fun you
did looks like me more who looks like
you did you tell them that isn't he
wonderful gonna be doing home we can't
you sleep on my sub right here oh but
you need a pillow I know baby Olivia
don't let him push that button green box
it up here Joel okay okay
oh my gosh okay boss wait is crazy
those are cookies not getting something
on me yeah that was my son again do you
want to hold the baby hey can you put
your beautiful necklaces over there for
me just a minute can you go put that
back
what's rat on him he we had to make sure
he was doing okay sometimes a little
baby get burped baby differ really soft
feeling texture
oh you don't want to touch the hair yes
wow you can you climb up on there climb
up on the end do you want to start
painting high today because of my mom
okay I don't want to bring this baby to
ear LEDs help if you do that sometimes
so they can match baby's match babies so
kind of big huh but it's smaller
yawns I'm so sorry
dude officer I'm just gonna look like
this busting butt Yoga doesn't come down
and look in here
that's her belly button she sees belly
button your baby
that's how yours look yeah letting you
were a baby had to clamp it off but
it'll get better
it'll fill Kenneth ball that'll just
fall off when he takes a bath
come look down here oh don't pull on it
kind of crazy huh oh yeah look at Cody
Spacey's like didn't okay but that's
Boston opinion oh yeah I'm so sorry
so did you guys sleep good
what did Jeff and Tiffany say oh yeah
Jeff said that they they slept good and
they were having fun and they just just
played the entire time they just they
just played good okay you know that's
kind of why he has this needle in his
hand and get Boston is just so tired
he's having a hard time waking me your
Boston one there good cuz they just
needed to check and maybe draw some
blood
don't sure he's doing well you're
sharing that's a good boy cake give
Boston here hold on hon like on the
college okay what stick oh yeah sure
I'll share that yeah that was scary
well okay grab a oh cool your Boston
there you go put her yeah you guys I
missed you so much both hands there you
go that's a good move I missed you so
much you little ham one Chad one me cut
uh Boston I can't believe ya large and
chilled eyes know that when I had
Lincoln all I could think about was when
I had Olivia and Cody and Boston and you
know what you all look so the same you
all look just like this when you were
show me to help you God is like a levee
yeah
what I gotta look like a weather Olivia
looks like daddy doesn't she
and they will Lincoln lunch yeah yeah he
looks like him you do Oh Boston Boston
looks like Olivia yep Olivia and Boston
kind of look alike and you look like
Lincoln but I believe that he looks like
him and Lydia looks like his have you
look looking on my alum necklace and
you're gonna die when you see what
grandma got me she got me a new necklace
and I bet you're gonna love it okay
can I wear with you maybe when you get
older so do you love them already
nothing like a head like a head like a
hair oh my god
but the Gibbs are like so what other
goodies you got what else you hiding in
here that's a doughnut oh I don't know
that I love this like my heart feels
very full I like I love my babies I love
them all my my heart is very full right
now
this whole my anxiety's through the roof
right now yeah feel like you're gonna
break as much as I love it
I'm so late in the week caddy so is the
nurse's station
what's a tutu don't em oh and it begins
okay no mark hey did you guys like
seeing the baby yeah okay morn can you
say goodbye bye bye hi can you give the
baby's kisses oh yes all those are juicy
lips okay thanks for watching guys bye
bye
Oh
