this is a very familiar work this is our
fourth time portal four and last half
the time I don't even know why I get
like a little emotional I think it's
just because like this morning like I
was really excited to come in to have a
baby but on the other hand I was really
sad too like it was like the last time
to like I don't know
get ready being pregnant and it's not
like I like it
like I'm a little miserable but I don't
know it's just like a very emotional
thing for me I don't know and I'm
nervous like I just get nervous not that
I think anything is gonna even go wrong
but like I just think it's a big deal
and I don't know I think sometimes we
forget how big of a deal it is having a
baby because it's so routine and
everyone's having them and so I don't
know just feel really emotional there's
nothing routine about it yeah yeah okay
first you have to show them my mom's
hair because we trimmed around the ears
twirl around
look how stinking cute it's so cute
and she brought me this present she
brought me the blanket over there yeah
look at this with the doggies um and
then the doctor came in to break my
water so he just broke my water and I
met a three and it was so awful I was
like now let me open my prism now I
deserve to open my present
mm the needle in my arm it hurts it's
like a really weird angle well I like
the box this is in Oh cute is this the
same color as the bracelet you can
yeah I think mm-hmm is this from that
place down there is it really building
you can't see the little going oh I
didn't know that either well show a show
a mom's jewelry look how cute that is
turquoise mm-hmm she just is it like
what am I saying it's like a little
Indian yeah just yeah in Arizona they
just do I don't know that's where you
get a lot of turquoise and that's super
Native American jewelry I'm excited
about this I thought that would look
pretty oh yeah are you kidding yeah baby
who are they tiger's eye yeah no I love
it well I'm glad I've got a bracelet in
the necklace that's cute
our guests are coming behind a tree oh
look what he's doing Hey look at that
guy talking into a camera down there
that's weird
that's your funny chali room alone how
you doing I'm actually doing much much
better you're standing yes I'm standing
because I know I'm going to have my
epidural soon and and I just kind of
wanted to get off my tailbone because
that's the part that hurts the worst and
so I just wanted to stand up get my
blood flowing a little bit better and go
to the bathroom and just kind of freshen
up the face I've cried a lot today and I
had to apologize to my nurse I met a
five now she just checked me I'm almost
out of five I'm having a contraction as
we speak mmm and um anyway so I just
kind of wanted to freshen up my face
from crying and I told her that I was
sorry for not being very happy this
morning and I don't even understand why
I was feeling so upset I just was I just
was feeling a little upset and now I
feel better and more chipper and maybe
is cuz I met a five and I'm about to get
my epidural that anyway you have a
graham-cracker husband she's I ate
cereal this one cuz I was not just I
didn't feel good this morning and so I
had cereal at like 7:00
and um it's 3:30 now and I was hungry
and something go but with some Fig
Newtons I think at like 750 - dinner
I know I'm like hurry good line
represent excuses till Joel get you
something to eat and until you can know
hey what you guys doing over there do
you get a feet yeah cheers for what do
you can see it well I feel bad that your
head around it turns that we can go buy
an expensive gift bag at the gift shop
or gift so it is perfect look I get why
you don't like for self there might be a
couple diapers in there we want those do
you know why I was really really really
really hoping that you oh this is so key
out of you anything else in here not
really just go it out for Joel I'm here
zapper brags Mikey feeling yeah I'm
jealous she gave you a contraction it's
okay really
emotional for you like I'm looking at
your legs and they're really big what
what are you saying though they're
starting to get puffy why they're so
tight and like I was like I read that
well like my arms I have they haven't
been big like this well I'm just like
it's just crazy thing back like I
remember but I was never not just like
what Calvin I was so gosh-darn nauseous
and sick like yeah baby I'm like I like
want to do it for you like not jewelry
like I like want to be here yes I'm
excited for you I can't wait to see him
and kiss him no I know exactly what
you're feeling I cannot believe that we
have two kids close in age
oh my gosh use arguin boy oh these ones
are just getting really big and you had
like at first you fill them up in your
stomach and then they would start moving
down and sends it down oh yeah it is and
I'm just trying trying trying to just
relax that I know so many times like
when crap is going on it's like you just
want to do it for him you just want to
like go through it for him and no one's
ever said that to me no one's ever like
well I'll do it for you
female have his baby for you right in
his face I'm like and then you're gonna
feel the Nami part poke and a brown
enter and I only make noise to help me
folk still while you do it that's
perfectly fine can you like hear me
prepping like Korea like I'm alright
to roll up again to your chest you go
okay you're gonna feel some pressure
here okay
so is Joel Cherie
oh is that sharp or just pressure
is it going okay I'm gonna reposition I
think we've kind of straightened up a
little bit so it's kind of made that
City okay oh I told her I'm on sorry I
have such a Kirti but right now that was
so painful it's over think I'm getting
there mm-hmm
we're done
well I knew it when I was laying here I
just thought I think that I feel him I
think I feel some pressure hey we'll get
set up call Nikki transition nurse
you'll care you made it you do that's
the hardest part awesome
the hard part mom I'm nervous because I
got real like why do you cut me know
he's okay okay well here it is we're
ready I knew it I was laying here and I
just thought okay I think I'm done you
always do that
Bonnie always gets her epidural turns on
her side and he drops he drops every
time hey can you bring me everything for
delivery
yeah we'll be honest everyone's ready
did you address matter okay the baby
nurse
dr. Cornell I'm on like Michigan Mon
Mothma
hey bro I know you feel like pushing you
know for we they all seem so good
take a big breath again good grab a
Bernard we've got this break your hip
and push to Marty's account ed push one
two three four five six seven eight nine
ten
he's right thanks contraction sure I
think I'm nervous to see him I think
that's why I'm crying oh no
with that slight amount can ya big
breath and push
okay now we gotta head up for a show and
I'm gonna have to stop brushes okay
every about ten seconds okay three more
things we'll have you take deep breath
and push down
the professional of like
okay
Wow
good job today
they just like love hearing him it's
like I can't snort look like a holy does
he I like cat like he just he just looks
like one of ours you know better mom you
did so good so and you looked at your
face isn't even big face isn't even big
he's got our trademark bond are your
your trademark the cone now that's my
stamp toes he's got big
big hands oh yeah I wanted to make sure
it was Fitz that's boy
but he looks just like Cody yes like
sleep
oh oh here's some more if I might check
your bleeding requests yeah okay so it's
going down well I had my ear pressed
against the door out there you did it
yeah it's like you can feel that way
like I feel like some nice little boy
Jose a nice boy
it's crazy that this is undone just had
you know I got a feature I got a feed
you give me a dime I ever made yeah
here's my money we are doing so good
this boy nurses like a flippin warrior
kid dad's doing good babies doing good
I'm completely just overwhelmed with
like my individual family especially I
just got a lot of nice text from each
one of my siblings my mom and dad were
here and I don't know it's been a
special day all of Joe's brothers of
text us almost and what I want to say
was thanks for watching this footage
because it's big deal filming the
delivery of him and to me it's a really
intimate it's a real intimate time to
see a baby brought into this world and
to me it's just as intimate as the
creation of that child and and so thank
you for watching and thank you for
participating in it with us Megan Roy
Roy you made sure to shave today didn't
Jam anything yeah well I can't like you
can't gotta live with them he's getting
hmm right now it is just almost midnight
he ate really good so we're gonna send
him to the nursery thank you guys so
much for watching bye
you
you
everybody I'm sure you got twice users
to time you've been pushing my time here
you push do times
