it is Sunday afternoon but for you guys
it is Monday morning August 17th my
delivery date if you're watching this I
am currently in the hospital having a
baby I am delivering baby Lincoln
hopefully things are going smooth
hopefully I'm feeling well but we'll
find out later for the rest of today we
are going
I am going to be spending the day with
my kids and the last day as a family of
five
what'd you find Oh see see see it
you want to walk in the water daddy I'll
carry you
Boston dread dad to carry you
what did you find
Oh oh my gosh you really did look right
there on the edge of the rock oh shoot
right there on the edge of the rock
that's all hey Georgia brother
no dad asked me dad I am NOT going
either
that's awesome Cody come look at the
snake yeah look he's crawling on the
rock there he goes
is that pretty cool code Jordan catch it
what are you trying to do code are you
trying to get him you're justyou're stop
oh you guys probably couldn't see that
but he kicked the snake off the rock
into the water
yeah he just reached down and kicked it
right into the water there you go yeah
way to go cross good job bud
Wow I cannot believe my little Cody just
did that Cody you've been surprising me
lately
you've been such a big boy you're kind
of changing from this whiny little boy
to like my rough tough little Cody Clark
code Boston let me see what did you find
you found a snake go show daddy did you
find a snake did you find a snake
if you find another state hey we are
dropping the kids off at their cousin's
house and I'm gonna miss you guys
Nicci honey hmm can I have a kiss
no look you guys say goodbye to Lincoln
you'll see the next time next time I'm
not even well yeah I'm gonna have a
belly but there won't be a baby in there
right definitely you can uh you can hold
us now mom are you guys gonna be good
yeah what's the matter Jane what you
were getting so much fun here you know
my daddy's gonna come get you and he's
gonna bring you the hospital second
suite in the hospital okay Boston you
supervisor mama my mom okay love you
yeah look you don't want us to go and
here I was thinking that you didn't even
care is that why you were acting funny
cause you were sad yeah we acted funny
now do you know what you're gonna have a
lot of fun did you finish watching
Paddington from last time she does want
to finish it okay uncle Jeff I'll help
you with that
okay hmm um that was a little sad
leaving my kids over at their cousins I
know they're gonna have a ton of fun but
I still feel so bad Olivia was so sad
the other two boys they didn't even care
they were just like yay toys but we are
ready to go I have my hospital bag my
clothes lined out um and I don't know
what that is but I kind of feel like uh
like being in grade school again laying
my stuff out but whenever I have like
something big going on I always like lay
my stuff out just so nice and neat and
then almost the most important stuff
all my camera stuff all my battery's
charged and we just need to get that
stuff in a hospital bag and I feel like
I've been pacing a lot like I feel like
I've been a little bit antsy don't you
think like oh wow dancing a lot antsy
pacing the floor like just I don't even
know it is like up and over like she's
just busybody but yeah Tom's got to be
done somes gonna be that she was
panicked last night that something
wasn't packed and she was going over
everything forever trying to figure it
out I think I've gone over everything a
couple of times and I think I just need
to sit down I'm gonna let you like hold
the camera honestly I think I'm okay
this man I might cut this part it's not
very thank you no holding back
sure oh yeah this is better-looking this
is no oh very graceful
are you excited to not have to do that
yes are you sad to not see this anymore
yeah yeah he's been a cute belly bump
and he's been the most aggressive in the
belly which they say that means he'll be
a good baby so they do not say that
that's what everybody at work said their
babies that were aggressive in the belly
we're just really mild and then the ones
that were mild in the belly came out
ticked off I don't know way I guess I
guess that's kind of true because Cody
and Boston well I don't really remember
I was coding more aggressive I don't
know Boston was aggressive and he was
just at my all mild-mannered little guy
he just wanted to move it's true so
maybe it's hopefully it's true cross
fingers I hope I sleep tonight yeah I
hope you get a good night's rest tonight
mm-hmm he did not rest last night no I
did not I did not know this but Bonnie
spent six hours last night in her chair
which is not good sleeping either I hope
I sleep I hope I sleep but I'm not
because I am I'm gonna be too antsy it's
kind of hard to believe that like I've
gone through everything so far like I've
gone through it all and now tomorrow's
the day
that tonight would be a good night to
maybe take a pregnancy test two lines
it's pregnant one line I'm not oh oh
that's funny that's number four I knew I
knew your ending job
I think this is it's always harder on
Joel initially it's it's a big deal for
Joel I just it's a little scary not even
scary but like I just know how hard it
is so so it's just like it was just a
big deal yeah bigger tears oh my gosh
don't see that I got that little
explosion like he's my video okay not
the same maternity dress and what I love
hahaha blur yes she is she is two months
ahead of me oh my gosh my wrist oh no
really like she is oh my gosh this is a
safe way to drive oh shut up and feel
the baby where's the baby baby mm-hmm
hey I wanted to show you I'm in support
of team girl and I wore and Levi's shirt
to be team in support of teen boy as
well so oh my legs are too fat for
Indian style I can't get him to go that
far
and I'm still so hot all the time
side note I have fixed the air
conditioner twice this summer already
like written up yes yes go blingin
oh did you feel that yes those are
usually that was a huge way it's my
shadows getting bigger that's for sure
is when I come home to every night every
time did you get my time they're
certified to boy ones we had by three
boy ones because shallow I was I almost
forgot about little little baby in there
Oh
alright guys next time you see me I'm
gonna have a baby and right now when
you're watching this I probably have a
baby if you want live updates you can
definitely follow me on Instagram and
Twitter and I do have those links as
always listed down below so in advance
I'm going to tell you thank you for all
the support because I know that you guys
are going to be leaving amazing comments
like you always do so thank you and you
guys will see my baby in here and maybe
a week ish or so we'll see you bye guys
a really nice time
