my phone has been dead for the last hour
so two hours I don't care Ellie and
Jared were over and we were just having
some Tisa having dinner watching the
kids play having some Slurpees and i sat
in bed nice at Geauga Blueboy Honan and
he went put my phone in when it powered
on
it was blooming and I was we are so
excited we hit a hundred thousand
subscribers today 100k these are amazing
this is so cool like I seriously I was
like oh you don't tweet something so I
was like grinning ear-to-ear I probably
look silly as heck but I seriously was
like yo check it I wish we could have
got it I should have got a steel shot
her body was seriously kneeling my legs
are kind of next to her nightstand
because that's as far as the cord was
like this is great nine months pregnant
have a baby kneeling on the floor this
is amazing in my underwear I had to get
the rest to record I was like we gotta
record this because you can't duplicate
the excitement that you feel
I got an Instagram and I was looking
through that posting stuff on that and
what was very special to me as my
brother texted me
my sister tweeted me my other sister
tweeted me my dad treated me and my
dad's my number one fan is just how it
is he is my number one fan and I love it
and I wouldn't have it any other way
but it was just it's really humbling
it's really fun
did you seriously think that we would
ever hit a hundred thousand I seriously
didn't think we'd ever hit a thousand
bionis amusement oh I know it sounded
like fun and I don't know this has just
been it is fun and it's been fun yeah
fun yeah I'm excited yeah to see what
gums young more we got so much more
200,000 we absolutely
know that we would not have gotten off
to such a good start
had we not had Ellie and Jared to kind
of paved the way and to really kind of
just be the examples that they are and I
don't I know that we wouldn't be where
we are without them and I'm just really
grateful for theirs for them and for who
they are I'm grateful for the example
they set for us to do this to come out
of our shell and to to share the joy and
love we have and they really have I mean
they lighten our day hopefully the way
that Bonnie and I lighten your day cos
which is really humbling in the comments
section to hear from people because
those comments I swear to you those
comments are what have gotten me through
this pregnancy nothing makes me have
made me feel more special than the way
you guys talked to me in the comments
section because we are just regular
we're just regular people but you make
us feel like we're someone special we
know that we're just average dro people
living average Joe lives and you make us
feel amazing you make us feel amazing
especially me going through the whole
pregnancy in front of you guys I
literally cannot wait to share my birth
pot with you guys because that's an
intimate video and I'm really excited to
share it with you we are excited to
share with you because it was a
discussion that we had to have we had to
decide whether we were gonna do that or
not and I'm pretty excited that we're
doing it exciting it's fun thank you
guys so much each and every one of you
guys thanks for subscribing and watching
and just literally being a part of our
lives thanks
ah get it man you guys smell up she
litter you are disgusting
he flosses so you can smell it you need
to floss some more
Joe those so gross it's really intense
IG I'm sorry
Content ID you know that's so grody um
seriously ours I know I can't let you
see me in the mirror and I can only show
you I'm here up um I cleaned this
bathtub because oh it was so bad it was
so careful with me oh I cleaned it nine
months pregnant it was Devon it was so
dirty and I cleaned it myself because
you keep saying that I was putting your
planes up you folded a lot of laundry
folder today a la tree I know okay so my
whole point of pulling the camera out is
we put him on the floor on a little
mattress and because we're prepping him
to take him downstairs having cuz he's
gonna share a room with Kody and um
anyway he did so good and I wanted to
vlog and I really did but it's not
pretty like trying to Train little
people can sometimes not be very pretty
but this is only his second night and he
went right to bed right to bed on it
Olivia was such a nightmare I never want
to relive teaching Olivia to sleep at
Joe's house that was probably the
roughest part of having Olivia since
she's been born oh it was a nightmare it
was terrible Joe so Boston is such a
good Napper and he's so good to go to
bed at night so I'm not really surprised
Cody did really good
Cody was a dream notice which was
amazing so I'm except this is only his
second eye and I'm kind of excited to
see like where he ended up like if he
stayed on his little bed I can't push
the door really
come
just listen that's big he's not a baby
to war hmm that makes me really sad
because Boston's my bud he's my little
baby bud somebody's not supposed to be
apparently Cody apparently Cody did not
want to be on the top by himself
Joan of the airplanes for me today
I don't love where they are hanging but
okay they complain to our gang it goes
okay why are they so cute pretty sweet I
mean Cody go off the top bun to come
down to Olivia bastion good morning is
it other shake you slept on Boston's new
sheets did you sleep on a big-boy bed
they'll click sick kotas up on
those sheets to edge set his bunk bed no
yes and all the beer slept there to
Boston you slept all morning it's 8:30
I can't believe any hate buses she yes
you did hey and Olivia too - was it
fun hey did you like sleeping here what
I heard I should watch this
yes Boston sheep good job I am so proud
of you
oh you're strong boy but my
watch it there hi
can you put it down oh whoa whoa whoa
show me how you lay on it can you show
me how to lie on your bed Oh
Wow you're such a big boy yeah you are
such a big boy I'm pretty sure that I
have the best sisters in the world and
yes yes I do again and brother-in-law's
I love my brother-in-law's Ellie and
Jared they've brought me dinner last
night and hung out with us and they came
over and brought lunch today
Joel's at work and he has to work days
left before our weekend and then we have
the baby so he'll have a couple of days
off of work and so they Shelly has been
really good to me and I don't know I'm
just glad she's here even just for the
moral support she's like let's i'll go
room to room and get things clean and
i'm like let's just say so she's been so
fun just to come on woman hits play -
yes yes
so Ellie's hanging out with Oh Kelvin I
was like Jackson Cooper Porter yeah sad
yeah so she's hanging out with him and
were we were going through a bunch of
texts that my mom is sending out she
might be redoing some things in her
house so we're looking at carpet samples
and counter samples and all that kind of
fun stuff so anyway I can hear Boston I
think I just heard him say hi
we put Boston and Jackson down for their
naps and I don't think Boston is napping
sorry Jackson has okay everyone
everything
look
if this doesn't get me excited for
having my baby
nothing will and I'm pretty sure he's
the only thing that's getting me excited
for having a new baby because quite
frankly I'm a little terrified little
terrified to be taking care of a
brand-new baby I got it
you kids have been gone all day you guys
went to a friend's house didn't check
did you have fun yeah that was sure nice
of their mom to take care of you guys
all day well I can feel like I've been
really spoiled today the kids met and
played at a friend's house
Ellie and I just watched the little kids
and I basically just sat there Ellie
bathed then did a heli give you a bath
yeah that was so fun
so that's basically all we did i sat
around a lot which was good because even
when I would get up and speed walk to go
get a kid out of something I was just it
was quite painful so I'm just really
glad that they were here today and hung
out with me all day it really helped my
day pass and so I've got one more day
one more day of Joel at work and then I
have Joel for the weekend and then we're
having a baby
so it's tomorrow I'll be happy to baby
or Astrix mom on Monday so in four days
so Monday Tuesday Tuesday Friday Friday
Saturday Sunday and then on Monday are
you excited
Kody are you excited to have this baby
you don't know
okay well thanks for watching you guys
and we will see you very very soon
