hey guys I am on my way to my 39 week
appointment
oh and I have bay here with me hey Joel
just learned what they means that's
ridiculous he talks like that I've got
my husband here with me and we and we
just dropped the kids off in a
neighbor's house because she was she ran
into me at this at ulta hmm which I got
this lipstick there she ran into me and
she said is there if I could watch your
kids or do anything for you you just let
me know and I was like okay I'm like do
you want to watch my kids while we go to
our doctor appointment so we our kid
'less we're gonna hurry through our
doctor appointment so we can go to lunch
when we're done and but as we're getting
there I'll tell you the biggest thing
this week has been the stretching of my
stomach and I know that I am NOT alone
when I say that I uncovered in stretch
marks front I mean from my knees up to
my shoulders and full of stretch marks
like full of them
and I kind of thought well my stomach is
stretched I have stretch marks like I
won't be having any more or I would be
okay with not but if I did get more and
last night I was in like a panic I could
feel I could feel my skin ripping and
honest honest we looked in the mirror
after I had been like oh I heard like my
stomach is ripping we looked in the
mirror and literally you could see like
50 new ones huh I don't know about 50
but you could see the area that bonnie
was pinpointing saying felt like it was
stretching and you could see little
marks showing off it was oh and it's
just like emotionally I think that's
just really hard it's just really hard
and I don't know some that's the biggest
thing for this week is that I've got all
these new stretch marks and my pelvis is
still
looking ridiculous it just it's painful
I am right up until this point I have
not said oh I am ready to have this baby
I am ready to have this baby that's what
I'm saying now that's why I'm telling
you I am ready to have this baby so I'm
excited to see what dr. Kirkman has to
say today a maternity romper are you
flipping kidding me if I wouldn't have
seen that even like two weeks ago I
would have bought it I'm surprised
you're not buying it for the weekend
overnight I need it
it's always fun to hear Oh hon Lincoln
each baby has gone up and wait and so
you know really I think the most yeah
hey my last one was eight and a half so
I'm like okay please let's not go any
bigger yeah I don't think it's going to
be bigger than a tall
okay sorry I got you
ELISA tell you they're not gray so I
think last time I just didn't like you
so bad your toenails don't agree oh okay
so what was i I'm gonna step out so
nobody okay this is one point three
centimeters okay
my finger goes through the cervix but
touches on your side so still about 70%
oh just not my wet mustaches right don't
want to get my lipstick swish - hey I
think I'm just mostly tearing because I
just really love dr. Kirkman I wish you
would have caught me hugging Emma was it
weird that I have been oh I was cute
we'll just be probably the last time
that I'll see him here in the office
before I deliver I'm sweating so bad oh
my gosh my butt is sweating so bad right
now figure out wearing any clothes here
let's use the fan the microphone um so
so we did you catch what I was at one
point one point five one plus one plus
so there has been absolutely no
progression I am still in so much pain
walking like how has it been today
walking around with me uh bond was
moving just fine yesterday she was kind
of out and about we did a little bit
we've hung around like yesterday was a
good day and she wasn't bad but today
didn't hurt and I thought I was hoping
that was a good sign but well that's
kind of what I thought
it was kind of feeling a little bit
different but apparently not so the
induction is scheduled for Monday I'm
going to go in on Monday Monday on this
baby
one dizzle one does all I plan for this
weekend now is to get sheets washed and
towels washed and things just like
perfect so that when we come home with
the baby things will be good and I got
to be washed actually we need to cut
your hair that is something that I've
done I made sure that Cody's hair was
cut
Austin's hair was cut and we need to
make sure your hair is cut it I'll put
you into labor real quick work into
death whatever you just hit me with your
hats all right you're so cute this has
been fun I'm glad that we're here really
I haven't been able to come to all of
them because of work but the last ones
Bonnie is really scheduled with my
schedule and it's I'm glad we're here
Glenny town I'm glad I get to see dr.
kay okay dizzle I love him I say it
every time but it's true he's a good man
it's good man it's gentleman I owe the
last thing that we need to make sure is
and I already have made sure is we have
a camera bag that is probably more
important than the hospital bag I have
all my batteries charged I have the
chargers along with it we just need to
get it in about words and everything
yeah because I know most of you already
know we are going to be filming the
birth and but I still get a lot of
questions we're going to be vlogging the
birth i lo of course we are pretty
excited about that I'm nervous about
that I don't know why I'm nervous about
that but and when I do have this baby
the vlog will the delivery vlog probably
won't go up I don't know when it's going
to go up so but I'm not going to put
pressure on myself to get it edited and
to get it like my main priority is going
to be taking care of my brand-new baby
so bleep yep little Lincoln so cross
your fingers that I go in on my own but
if not Monday is the day so
I love you guys
