hi you guys today I wanted to record my
what's in my diaper bag and I debated
doing this video because I don't have a
whole lot in my bag I don't know if
anyone can take away anything from this
but maybe you can so when I was pregnant
with Olivia I googled you know what to
put in a diaper bag for going to the
hospital and there was a really long
list and so I gathered all those things
make sure I had everything and when I
got to the hospital I didn't use
anything and so I've had three babies
and I've gotten an idea of what I
personally like to have in my hospital
bag and so I'm going to show you what I
carry in mind and this is basically all
that I need so first off I want to
actually show you my hospital bag and I
am very excited about this little beauty
and I have to give a thanks to a shoe
read I don't know if they are watching
but uh hello thank you um this is a
beautiful Kate Spade bag that was sent
to me and this is what I will be putting
my stuff into so the only thing that I'm
going to be packing for the baby is a
onesie to bring the baby home in and
this is my favorite little onesie
because it's so tiny and it says little
guy like when I first read little guy I
just oh I just about died because it was
so cute but a little onesie to bring
little Lincoln home and I had to think
of his name I was like wait what's his
name I have to bring a Wednesday to
bring Lincoln home in and the only other
thing that I feel like I need because
they provide the diapers they provide
the wipes they provide the blankets and
the hats and things and plus I haven't
found a really cute hat and blanket set
yet um so they have that there at the
hospital and the only other thing that I
find myself needing is maybe just like a
cute blanket to lay them on or to lay
over us and so I'm going to bring this
pretty blanket that was also sent to me
oh my gosh you guys are like amazing
this is the softest cutest little
blanket it's like oh very excited but so
I'm bringing this blanket for my little
man and that's really it that's the only
thing that I'm bringing for him because
that's all he needs so um and then the
biggest thing that one time I regretted
not having was some really nice lotion
and so I'm bringing lotion and socks
because when I walk around I don't
really want to put shoes on but I don't
want to go barefoot and a lot of times
well not a lot of times every time
Joel's going to be rubbing my feet so
luncheon for my body and my feet and
some socks to walk around the hospital
in and then for me I don't plan on
wearing a whole lot while I'm there I
know that I'm going to want a tank top
so I have my maternity tank top and I
went to find the ones from Target that
are the nursing tank tops but they
weren't very long and I would much
rather just stretch out a tank top than
have an official nursing one so I'm just
gonna abuse this one and when I'm done
with that you throw it away so I have my
nursing tank top and then I went and I
ironed my robes that I showed you guys
in past videos and I'll make sure that I
have the link so you can see the full
length of it cuz I have an iron and fold
in there don't unfold it so I ironed my
robe so I'll have my robe and my tank
top and I'm not even bringing a little
underwears to wear because at the
hospital they provide mesh underwear and
I know that they are the most hideous
things but they are the most comfortable
things to wear because they're not going
to be pinching into my skin and because
you're so swollen and there's just both
so you just need those loose stretchy
knit ones that they provide at the
hospital for you so I have that and then
I
also have my nursing bra and I have two
nursing bras I have a nighttime one that
I will be probably wearing most of the
hospital and then I got off Amazon and
up with the link down below for that one
and now it's a comfortable one but I
also wanted a really supportive one for
later on because I know the first few
months are the first few weeks whatever
it is you don't want to wear a wired
nursing bra but this one is a really
nice wired nursing rod that I got from
Nordstrom from my last pregnancy that is
bomb it's it's a good nursing bra and
then I have I don't think I'm going to
need my nursing pads but I have them
just in case I'm pretty positive that
I'm not going to need them but I just
put them in there just post and then I
have my hair stuff I have a comb some
hair bands some bobby pins and this is
going to take care of my hair I'm hoping
that when I go in I have clean hair if
not it's going to be this the whole time
so pretty easy pretty simple and the
last thing that I have in my hospital
bag is my nursing cover I think that
when I do skin-to-skin contact when it's
just me and the baby I think that this
would be really nice to have over us
because it will kind of keep the baby
warm and it will keep me covered so I'm
excited to use that for our skin-to-skin
time so that is all that I have in my
hospital bag I know that I'm going to
want to bring a little bit of makeup and
deodorant and my toothbrush and that
kind of stuff and that will just be
grabbed on the go and I might not even
use it when I'm there we'll just have to
wait and see when I get there I know
that when I haven't had it
I wanted it and when I have had it I
haven't wanted to use it so I guess
we'll just wait and see but I am going
to bring just a little bit with me in
case I want it so that is all that I
have in my bag thanks for watching and
let's hope this baby come soon bye guys
