good morning everybody it is a really
good morning because I'm off today and
me and the kids huh we're all gonna go
have a fun morning bonnie is in bed it
is where's the time where's the clock I
don't know it is 10 o'clock and bonnie
is still sleeping
because bonnie needs her sleep and
because bonnie is finally cuddling up in
her body pillow and i don't think she
needs me right now because her body
pillow she wants that more but we are
going to go we are on a hunt for fresh
raspberries bonnie always makes a
freezer jam and that stuff is like red
gold to me and i ate all of it so we've
been out we've had a drought for like I
don't know eight months now and it's
raspberry season so we gotta go get some
and Grandpa Griffis doesn't have any
raspberries for us anymore so we gotta
go buy it and make a lot of freezer Jam
we're gonna have fun hey where we going
we're gonna go to the raspberry pool and
anyway um we're gonna let Bonnie have a
nice peaceful morning and I'm not
driving right now I promise we're not
going anywhere we're just we're just
hanging out we're just we're just not
driving yet so don't be freaked out
anyway we'll see you when we start
making some more uh Matt anyway we're
gonna go and have some jam and eat some
you know your husband Jim here soon
hopefully we're here and we got some
raspberries but Boston's taken forever
to get out get out oh your other
flip-flop go get it yep let's get your
foot flop
let's see
did you stinky hey did you to tea did
you toot yeah you did you stink
let's go get some raspberries look at
these perfect raspberries look at these
beautiful things kay lady you have one
grab one yeah you're gonna get one bud
okay one just want just want Olivia just
one cuz we're gonna get okay no no no
Boston Boston okay one more
Cody you got to have one come on one hey
you guys love raspberries hey hey yeah
me okay
are you throwing rocks look at this look
at it they're just going on a lot by the
cars
Oh seems like a good idea
let's throw let's throw rocks in the air
and stare at and watch it come at us oh
hello there
me again um hi Boston hey hi
yeah we got the raspberries we got what
else do we need we had plenty of sugar
we have our lemon juice but you need
pectin and I totally spaced that so me
and Boston are going to the store to get
our pectin and our one of the treats we
need probably some cookies
maybe a drink got enough what you want
what is it an airplane oh hey what you
doing bud carrying the groceries
come on come on let's go
let me hold your hand it
pick me if we deliver up your arm to
hold the bag up because it's as tall as
you
we made it and I totally feel bad I
didn't record him pushing the shopping
cart around I was just too caught up and
it was too adorable so I'm sorry guys I
didn't share you know they say you're
not supposed to pick your favorites and
as a parent you don't have favorite
children you know I mean you love them
all the same you just it grows equally
I'm totally kidding I really am just
serious it just joking I love all my
kids but Boston is just kind of cute
right now and two-year-olds are fun so
let's go say hey mom we got it and what
you got
what are you God what's that when you
shirt and it's a good thing I caught a
large okay this is will die Everett
you're gonna need another one like well
I figure when I'm down maybe I'll have
to like take this size in or something I
don't know maybe we'll just relaunch it
and do another one
maybe Joel shirt didn't come though I
got mine Vic Julian game I gotta wait
for my really nice time yeah yeah we
just got done taking a family nap we
made the kids lay on the couch me and
Joel laid here in the family room Boston
took a nap and it is how Boston sup for
three hours and we've been in here for
two Olivia
you didn't even fall asleep she sat on
the couch for two hours every time I
looked at her she was being quiet but
she never fell asleep hmm told you guys
guess where we're going dude wait here
sit over scoobert I yeah I can't even
see you guys I never I didn't tell you
guys because we weren't sure if we were
going to do it and this might be a bad
idea for me but I'm gonna just I'm gonna
do my best
we are gonna go over to the fair
fear I'll be your multi was funny I
can't believe we're going to the fair
this summer when it was my birthday
guess what
hmm they have an elephant there to ride
I'm gonna dress fake one more
no a real one yeah um you don't have to
write it if you don't want it let me
tell you something mom sometimes it's a
rider to fear mama yes I might do it um
so sister Stockman showed me a picture
of her riding on a deal oh yeah go and
there was like a bench there and a cake
did you get a tree yes because we told
you if you took a nip we'll give you oh
come on oh my gosh she stinks so bad
okay hey don't you climb on my couches
sit down Hey go get your diaper changed
hurry oh oh he's asleep oh my did you
see another one Cody my sin dysley oh
he's a what another tree room come buddy
that's she go again no lay down here so
I change your diaper all right this is
the finished product
Joel I think you did a really good job
not to she ABA yeah you did pretty good
did you taste it no no Olivia did like a
million times when she said it was
really good
okay let's go to the fair all right
it's raining and there is no way that we
could tell the kids
no again on something like like it's
raining outside and I just there's just
no way we could tell them no the kids
are like just pretend the rain is candy
I am I wish that they rented out jazzy's
so that I could like I get around in a
wheelchair or something I hope I can
walk out here it's will see sometimes I
do good and sometimes I don't and I've
taken it really really easy today so
hopefully what I do okay out even if we
give it get on one ride I think I think
you happy kicking my butt oh okay Lydia
undo a seatbelt okay oh I don't want to
do this I do this August this has been
the wettest summer and every time Joe
has a J off it's bad weather every time
yeah oh it's it's my weekend to work
yeah it's great weather sunshine every
time we come here Olivia rides cocoa and
she has seriously ridden him since she
was two years old if I can find the
pictures I totally will put him in here
but every year she comes in rich cocoa
okay Cody come here can I put him and
coat and my other boy on one together
they can be on it
cake Co are they gonna go together it's
gotta be easier to make Cody Cody oh
come here
I think she won the red coat okay okay
yeah it's gonna walk right by Boston
look at the were see we're gonna read
the were see hold on - hold on - Cody -
Cody hold on hurry
just like the formula look it is so
nervous which all feels good now good
job Bonnie why you
you can tell you the little nervous here
you can go with them oh look who's this
were ridin brownie all right brownie and
Coco say horse eating but look we're
gonna go for right now I I'm surprised
he hasn't gonna fit Olivia on cocoa
fight oh he's name is spike spike
no I'm recording okay let's go okay hold
on coat hold on foster wait Oh Boston
say yeehaw
Boston say yeehaw
these ooh they're happy hey Cody
who else rides a horse like that who
else the three amigos yeah
cuz this your guys's youth group that
does this oh it's a good fundraiser we
like it huh Olivia's been riding coke
coke for five years now
thirty
this said show we have another show for
the oven
Cody excited well I am seriously I'm
glad that we came
the rain is kind of cleared up and these
kids
oh my gosh they're like I'm awake sorry
I got distracted have a tidal wave I'm
having a little bit of a hard time
getting down but I'm sweating a little
bit
popcorns helping but I think we're going
to end the blog so that we can just
finish chasing our kids around and not
be distracted so thanks for watching
have a really good Monday you guys
