okay so we are here at my 38 week
appointment and I just was checked and
I'm almost at a 2 um which is pretty
okay and maybe I'm exaggerating it was
probably more like woman maybe a hat I'm
probably exaggerating the one I'm a half
just so I would stop trying you're
exaggerating the the to one and a half
to a two I say you're a 10
I knew I should have recorded when I
first came in but I was in too bad of a
mood I was just I was not in a good mood
because I have that like I just didn't
feel we fix the thing
it's my bow that's what was like stuck
under there yeah and I cuz I've been
really a key and I'm like me that's a
good thing it's nothing I mentioned I
had mentioned maybe something that I had
lightning Crouch and he said that it's
not that he said rarely um in your pubic
bone what's it called yeah Vic pubic I
want to say photosynthesis but it's not
something like that anyway it's when it
gets inflamed and the joint it's a fixed
joint and only loosens when you're
pregnant and rarely will separate a
little bit and it's very very very
painful he said which he was right it's
very painful he thinks that's what I
have in this plane and so when I walk it
was like gosh freakin dang it hurts like
it freaking hurts and any name I got
especially worse today and so I was kind
of hoping he thinks right he's
suggesting and I think so too
we're going to see how it goes next week
and see how progressed I am then I will
not go past my due date and I will
schedule an induction for my due date if
I haven't gone in on my
ready which I'm not really sure I'm how
much did you say 70% face which is less
than last time he's not 70% that's what
you were last time I thought it was like
75 so I haven't made anything forget
some lowly slowly so we'll see but let's
see but a side note we want a bond these
pregnancies even when she's been induced
she doesn't really progress that much at
all I mean she's like a zero or whatever
and then it seems like there's 120
minutes worth of like knock your face
off pain the blonde is like gasping for
and then also and she's at a 10 so to me
I think it's it's maybe gonna be a
little more like that it'll be a really
abrupt so you're gonna have some a rough
night I think eventually it's gonna be a
nightmare
so I'll know when it's happening I think
so and I think people know the neighbors
might even know game let's go okay
engine records that's good rock paper
answers no rock paper scissor Rock
Boston scissors say you do wallrock they
are son okay rock rock paper scissors
scissor no think about it like everybody
plays rock paper scissor whoever
invented that game was a genius
do i that don't get like royalties for
it or some social thinking about it
there we go we even put a patent on Rosi
you any money you played it yummy money
week so since I haven't been walking too
well and I basically have put myself on
like house what is it called I basically
put myself on bed rest like just being
bound to the house is what it's been and
anyway so since Jolla's home I thought
you know let's get our lunch and take it
to this little deaf park could we like
to come too and so with joel helping
basically doing everything we're
bringing the kids to this little place
it's got so many ducks and we're just
gonna eat our lunch here and feed the
ducks some bread she would do that
boston he's a little nervous first damn
pond yep it's the first dam up here it's
really cute we've been fishing up here
before um oh my gosh seriously walking
is just oh my
it really it's it's kind of awful
actually your cinnamon real good baby
boy yeah good nothing you don't want to
share come on I'm coming
you're almost done here drop me take
your bottle for you just hold it out job
just hold it out maybe you don't they're
so little
oh they are little do you think they
were new this year could be yeah
Cody put little pieces down by your feet
and I bet that they'll come by you put
some bread by your feet code so that
will let they're coming for you
oh my gosh Cody hold in your hand and
see if he eats it out of your hand
holding your hand didn't snap your hand
oh just was a little wet oh I think I
scared them away I'm sorry darn it
Boston you have no interest in coming
down here do ya scared look I blew the
girl one fish are you sharing your
breath good you dig hey hey hey they are
they are gonna stop fighting that fun
todd worrell catch good
honey cork go through the whole piece
what Jonah come down here no no I do not
oh wow
he's a boy 4head oh he finally warmed up
oh that's true does that big one make
you nervous Olivia it's because he's not
scared of you
he comes like right up to Olivia look at
Boston Joel
oh oh you okay oh yeah y'all he tripped
she's okay you need some more bread
that's okay what are you gonna do with
it
oh trying to feed the ducks I'm
surprised that Cody's being so daring up
there on the dock I just got done mowing
the lawn and Boston was being perfect in
the backyard playing on the patio with
his little trike and I thought what a
good little boy I'm gonna reward him
he's been so good not bothering me not
not not bothering me but just just
staying
I don't know entertained while I get
some chores done and look what I found
him doing what's doing bad
which find rock it's a mud
I should have dumped it out I saw the
water in the back of his little truck
and I thought oh it's just water he'll
get a little wet if he plays in it I
don't think you'd carry the dirt over to
it and be a smart little boy Boston say
mud MC look at me oh yeah nice and muddy
all right we're gonna go go finish our
chores we won't show bond hey guys I
didn't want to leave you hanging after
my doctor's appointment so I came home
and I looked it up and the term is
called pubic symphysis and it's not very
common and he says that I probably have
um it has developed over the time
through my pregnancies and once he has
explained it I'm like yes yes that's
what it feels like and as I looked up
the terms of some of the symptoms um
back pain I'm like mm-hmm I have that
pain along with grinding or clicking it
feels like grinding and the pain is
worse in the evenings and it's extremely
painful to move around in bed to get up
and go to the bathroom and all those
things I'm like knows because I totally
do
and anyway the doctor said most of the
time that it will go away once you
deliver but sometimes it doesn't and so
you have to have like um steroid
injections or something but it's not
very common it's extremely painful and
today is though is how I have today I
have felt it the worst that it's ever
been it's been extremely painful and
after he checked me
I've just been crapping all day does not
mean that I am going to be having this
baby anytime soon and he actually talked
to me about maybe thinking of being
induced and um I think what my plan is
is that I'm going to and depending on
how how I feel between now and next week
I have an appointment next week I'll be
39 weeks and
thinking that we'll see how it goes from
there if it looks like I'm progressing
then I'll just see and if I'm we able to
walk good but as of right now if it
continues the way it is then I could
very well be induced next week which
makes me a little sad because I would
like to go in on my own um but it's okay
like I'm I've been induced with all of
them so it's okay
I we'll see we'll see what happens and I
just wanted to kind of tell you a little
bit more in detail about how and the
doctor appointment went today so um I
think that's all that I'm going to have
for you guys today I wasn't planning on
even recording and but I just wanted to
update you and just kind of show you a
little bit of how things are progressing
so thank you guys so much for watching
and supporting and I will see you guys
in the next video bye
