your slipper listen your slippers right
here now look it's true early to get up
at your bed I want you to go back to
sleep and I'll come get you when it's
time to get up
did you sleep in your bed you did pretty
stinking good he woke up crying last
night cuz his slipper maybe only a coke
will put your doc you back go put your
doggie back in you and you can't have
him right here put him on this chair you
like he fell asleep and then he woke up
crying like an hour later but he did
pretty good then go get some breakfast I
debated letting him sleep in or if I
should get him up because oh my gosh
look at his hair I'm being totally lazy
hanging out in the basement with the
kids this morning we watched the movie
sing Lincoln will you go in the bathroom
and wipe your boogers go blow your nose
Jessie those slippers his feet stink so
bad because of those slippers oh my
goodness that's a lot of toilet paper
can you blow your nose I think it's
funny to watch him because he's such a
big boy don't get any more toilet paper
can you blow your nose ok can you blow
your nose put it in the garbage there
you go good job
Oh God flush the toilet
can you come out and close the door it's
like yep oh good job close the door
my stinky puppy feet I don't know why I
think it's funny and entertaining to
watch him do adult things and I don't
know why I think it is so insane Boston
is old enough to start the Nintendo find
the correct input and play I don't know
why that's just insane to me
you boys are kind of fun to hang out
with in the mornings well that's what I
did the first few days of the month was
get my other projects done and now I'm
calling you mom and making sure that
we're getting in order while my kids
destroyed the kitchen and got into
everything it's okay because we're
getting our calendar scheduled mom and I
had a meeting this morning and we went
over everything else that we need left
to do for the cookbook and so now I'm
gonna get on the phone with all my
sisters tell them what their jobs are we
need to get some dates scheduled to end
you guys we should be we should be
wrapping things up with like pictures
and stuff within the next few months if
we're gonna stay on schedule
it's a little crazy to try and schedule
all this takes a lot more time than you
would think hey one was your new year's
resolution to not sit on chairs or use
tables or like creepy I always tell my
mom she's queen bee but I feel like
queen bee I gotta make sure I'm like
covered over here I have so much going
on my phone is blowing up I've got like
dates being put on the calendar like
it's honestly like I'm just like getting
it done hey that calendar was like all
black earlier now I see red all over it
and that's February that's even February
that's ridiculous
okay Joe and I are not sick but we're
not like a hundred percent either and so
we're laying here and we're apologizing
for not talking for the last two days
Bonnie apologized first that was very
stuff yeah yeah I did oh it's apologizes
first no that's not true
Joel got super impatient with me and
kind of rude mm-hmm and then I didn't
talk to him for the five hour drive hey
we made good time Joe drove extremely
fast
I was not like breaking this even but I
was like we're not stopping for one
thing I made it to st. George on one
take again it's true and we were lucky
that we even got to eat all the way up
from a nap or else I was gonna be like
we're making this all the way and I
never sleep on road trips I never sleep
on road trips I always keep you company
and I was like good night keep yourself
company I didn't have the radio just
like no laser-focused the radio didn't
turn on once on the trip we're talking
for the first time in a few days and it
feels pretty good he just came and laid
on my tummy I'm like oh okay I like
forgot we were fighting and after a
second I was like wait a minute you
remember I like you and I wanted to come
say hi I owe ya I just can't take myself
seriously when I look like this I can
that means I like you right Lincoln
we're gonna put you down for a nap in
your big-boy bed pullies running to it
that's a good sign
we're gonna take a nap in your big-boy
bed
okay we're not relying let's put your
spoon down and you can have it when you
wake up yes you treat our people get on
your bed it on your bed he's okay I'm
gonna tuck it in so it doesn't come
undone don't pull out it okay I do not
want to get off your bed okay okay
there's not hiding it you guys thank you
I gave him a binky and when I do look
what he's doing so judge me all you want
people and giving him his binky good
night I love you you guys I feel the
judgment coming and it's like why am i
showing you if I know I'm gonna be judge
but it's like because I'm just showing
you what's going on I'm looking for my
phone so I can see what he's doing
oh it's my I just know there'll be a
little bit of judgment and I'm preparing
myself and loving myself know if that's
okay I'm just doing what I'm doing
because you don't know what that has to
do with the toddler okay is he seriously
off his bed already
okay I had to go in and lay down the law
but I think he just wanted his doggy see
him wagon that wall here flatten right
by his face so I'm gonna give him a
little bit of time and see what he does
do you think it's silly that we're
watching it do you think that kind of
present I think you know he doesn't
really know that we're watching does it
you know that when you're asleep I come
in and look at you and check on you and
I kiss you in your sleep you know that
we literally can through every nose are
you sharing your quiet entry with me
yeah which was pretty good yeah Bobby
Lincoln is still in his crib so we're
back to what I was saying about the best
day in the world
I literally feel like this is the best
day in the world we are all huddled
around my phone watching Lincoln fall
asleep and it's the best
I read everybody we have a sleeping
toddler on our hands a sleeping toddler
he got off once to get his doggie and
now he has his jockey and binky and he's
asleep hey do you remember giving him
binky's when he was in a toddler bed I
remember thinking I shouldn't be doing
this I shouldn't be doing this but guess
what I only gave it to him at nap time
when he was first learning how to get
into bed it is I'm okay with it we are
best never ever and when I took his
binky way he was fine
so I'm not worried all right Boston if
you would like to surprise Cody with his
new surprise don't get too excited
know you'll just use your regular
pillowcase downstairs is that cool last
night Cody into bed and he goes mom
where's my pillow I was like oh like why
would you take mine so he felt kind of
bad he has it and the reason I gave it
to him is because yours was flattened
down and used and I wanted to give him
the smallest one there was because he's
just a little baby in his neck oh so
little so now you have a new pillow no
Lincoln has been in his room playing in
there do you guys want to go see him
we've been watching him on the camera
and he hasn't been sleeping how was
school you guys Boston gets to open the
door because he was so excited too
oh did you put your church shoes on
did you put powder on your churches how
much that is like a lot Oh smells like a
stinky diaper so he got into the baby
powder then he tried to clean it up with
wet wipes so much in the floor Lincoln
look at mommy was that naughty talking
was this naughty he will not answer me
you are naughty look your poor ducky is
covered in baby powder Lincoln that's
not funny
yep okay you wipe off his ducky we have
this lock on the door for his closet
well I think he just knows how to open
it like I just think he knows how to
open it it's pretty simple okay I'll
change the dirty diaper you clean out
the baby powder on his feet is that
Lincoln's dust on his feet yeah
Boston that's so cute I need to know if
you can get in this closet
I don't can't remember if I just didn't
lock it Olivia's out playing come here
come here can you open that for me
please your bed head is out of this
world
can you open that okay open your closet
okay I'm not sure if he actually knows
no I don't think he knows how I think I
left it open that hair is like from Dumb
and Dumber it's insane
well we got the mess cleaned up I
decided that I just didn't have that
locked maybe we'll do better tomorrow
did you reset my game did you reset my
game I had beat in like three levels on
Super Mario 3 and left the did you reset
it just cuz it's your machine doesn't
mean you can trample all over my hard
work I worked hard now I'm gonna have to
stay up late tonight and do it again I
hope you're happy
I bet you don't two years ago we
installed this fireplace winter remodel
this basement
it came with a wireless remote and the
remote went bad for some reason and I
spent the morning self diagnosing it and
when I broke it down to what it was and
what exactly was the problem the guy's
like I've never seen that go bad before
that that's really weird and I was like
well didn't did he's like well you're at
the two-year mark which is exactly at
the two-year mark he's like so it's
still under warranty let's fix it so I
got the new one and now we're just gonna
hook it all up you know exactly what I'm
talking about Cody I worked hard for
those levels and I feel like he just
trampled over all my dreams but I was
never a Nintendo guy at all growing up
like I really just didn't like it my
brothers were Nintendo guys my brother
Jared he is a Nintendo nut this wasn't
my back has an adult for some reason it
has become my bag okay oh I didn't
you see that I am still in my robe and I
just want to show up how are you
showered today no and it's fine I'm your
shower tonight it's a mocha is it
we're opening a package from somebody
from India India from India and oh I
don't want to get choked up it's a
really sweet view super upset when our
channels i monetize she was grateful
when it became monetize and she just
went through and named that she just
appreciate about the kid she can't have
kids her stuff at least not yet anyway
it was just gonna say there's a lush
ball in there there's a shaker bottle
yeah you took over my brain killer we
really appreciate you guys the
thoughtfulness that you guys put in with
sending packages with sending postcards
and sending all kinds of things and even
just comments and your views we
appreciate you so much we Christmas
cards be back um a million a million it
was awesome they were so awesome we're
gonna close the blog here and finish
going through this package and we'll see
you guys tomorrow
like the video you
thumbs up and if you knew the channel
subscribe and if you're an existing
subscriber check you know the vacations
we got a package from Australia and they
sent all these Australian coins Olivia
that's really sad
