I think Android mean can write doing
do you like the name Lincoln right yeah
did you help me pick it out
I didn't even know I I just made that up
I didn't even know there's the name
you just kind of liked it don't you yeah
do you like the names we can write what
did you want to name the baby but don't
mean but I just want a different name
what one no we decided to name our new
baby boy
Lincoln Roy we're going to go through
and we're going to explain to you why we
gave each of our kids their names
because that is a very very frequently
asked question so we'll start with
Olivia and when I was pregnant with
Olivia every day Joel would come home
with names I couldn't think of any I was
not thinking of names and Joel come from
every day list and one day he came home
and said what do you think of Olivia and
I was sold the second he said it I was
like yes yes and yes so that is the very
simple story of how he came up with
Olivia there was no significance behind
other than we just really liked it and
we don't give our girls middle names
because when she gets married she will
have her first her maiden and her last
name and the boys we give middle names
because they will have their first their
middle and their last always and so
that's why we didn't give a little yeah
dime so for Cody I remember even in high
school
Bonnie always said she wanted a boy
named Cody and it was about a family
story a family name in our story yeah my
mom's cousin was named Cody he was a
young married man he had one baby and he
was out farming with his dad and he was
bucked off of his horse and he passed
away from that accident and my mom I
remember one time we were we were
driving in for a family vacation and my
I was telling us the story and how much
she loved this guy code her cousin Cody
and I just remember think he does a good
name I should name one of my boys Cody
and when I was pregnant with Cody my
sister Julie reminded me she said you
remember you liking the name Cody I was
like done and done so Cody no question
unity and why did why did we give you
Clark as your middle names you know hi
it's okay I'm gonna let Cody got grandpa
Chad's middle name my dad's middle name
is closet Clark so he got Cody Clark and
it just sounds like a boy named Cody
Clark
we love that huh I've always said Cody
Clark Elaine Boston come here should we
telling you your name I tell him your
name come here don't break the camera or
the light so Boston wait his name was
kind of we thought a lot Lincoln was
actually gonna be his name that was the
name we thought for sure was gonna be
his um I just couldn't do it though I
just couldn't do it it just didn't fit
and it didn't feel right and to be
honest we didn't it took what the second
day in the hospital after he was
delivered that we finally decided on
Elaine's name and that was mostly just
signing paper but Bonnie and I had gone
on a date to see a movie the movie 42
about Jackie Robinson and they mentioned
in the movie that they were going to the
city of Boston to play a game and I
turned to Joel I was like Boston that's
the cutest Mycenae mini-dress
no you're just getting cookie crumbs on
you whoreson all over me and I am uh I
am a big Boston Red Sox fan they're not
expected that it's not why not why but
it was just it was just Boston I like
the name Boston it's it's tough and Wade
his middle name is really special it's
another of Bonnie's family name I guess
we've picked a lot of Bonnie's family
names in the name but to be honest all
my boys have my name already so these
these middle names that they have that
our family names are are just half of it
and the whole Lena's the other half of
it but tell them about Wade I have a
cousin
Wade and he was my brother Bo's age and
they were like this and when Wade was
about 18 he was rock climbing and he had
an accident and he passed away and I
don't know I there's people in your life
that you that pass away and I feel like
over time you get over it and you can
talk about it without crying but any
time I talk about Wade
I cry and I I don't know I just that
name I could not get it out of my head
the whole time I was pregnant and it
didn't feel quite right with his first
name um I couldn't calm way but I knew I
had to be in there and so we named our
little guy Boston wait he's such a jerk
it's worth there dancing shaking his
butt out of us must await oh so Lincoln
Roy we love the name Lincoln there's no
real significance behind the other than
we think it's just the QS name I can't
wait to call him link and Roy is
significant to us Roy Roy I think the
Roy was cute Bonnie came up with Roy
actually I wanted to name him Roy but I
just can't save I just didn't know if
that was a good kiss I didn't know that
was a good first name for him and I
wasn't sold on Roy first name but but
Roy Bonnie and I both grew up in Roy
Utah and we were born and raised that's
where we met we actually met at Roy days
and if you want to hear our story on how
we met I will put the link to that below
hello Boston City he put his his Boston
Red Sox yeah that's so funny in two
weeks you guys are gonna be able to meet
our little Lincoln right hopefully
sooner across your fingers money riding
on that
niggers okay thank you guys for watching
and we will see you soon bye bye
wait code ah
you
