what do you want us to say hey hey Cody
say yeah Lydia hey hey Cody
say yeah Olivia flashed him Wade is it
Boston what's the baby's name shame baby
blame Baby Jogger as I dance doughnuts
he just said doughnuts we may have had
doughnuts for breakfast
Boston say Boston say miss you grandpa
hey papa so love your grandpa and Kappa
who else do you love Hey
do you love grandma say love you come on
hey say love you got mushed
pray love you grandma gala yeah
show me how puppies dance
oh you guys are the cutest puppies in
the world
whoa puppy ever
good morning you guys surprised I'm in
my robe
so before I resume my position in the
rocking chair and usually I will sit in
the rocking chair and I will tell the
kids what to do to clean up the basement
because I are those your motorcycle
stickers I love those don't you um beep
oh my I'm gonna get shot I usually sit
here and I watch the kids put everything
away I usually have to tell them every
single little thing to do but before we
start cleaning I just have to take a
peek at this really awesome tent this is
where Olivia's been sleeping the last
couple of days I just say you know open
this okay okay thing that I go okay oh
that's how you open it hi
okay hey Wow do you know olivia is a
professional tent builder she's really
good at it yeah to couch oh you okay
bonkers wow this is cool anybody I put
my actually time here oh honey he's not
hurting anything let him be flown me Oh
what you're joining the party too
okay we need to get this tent taken down
we're going to get the basement all the
way cleaned up do you want to know why
because when daddy gets home we are
going to have him
help me get the sheets put on the bunk
bed that B sheets
fatback's you mean yeah we're gonna put
sheets on the front bed hey guess what
what she plan
I'd go bedtime I'm taking my pajamas on
that's it very top of my company asleep
with it yes because my sheets finally
came and I cannot put them on myself I
physically just can't like bend over
that way and so Joel said that he would
help me soon as you go home so we got to
get the basement all the way clean and I
am so excited because this place is a
disaster
he thought he gave me treat hey I gave
it to you so you wouldn't scream when I
told you it was nap time hey is it nap
time say yes yes we're going to take a
good nap in turn Oh slobber
I found your binky well thank you mm-hmm
but you know what no that was not broke
he knows what ones are broken what ones
not are you too big for a binky uh are
you getting too big for a binky hey
who's too big for binky act yep to make
it yep Jackson's day I stopped taking
binky's too and so Boston's gonna stop
taking me keys if Jackson can stop
taking me keys hey Boston can stop
taking me keys huh hey who else is too
big for pinkies can't said it yeah can
beg a kiss mm-hmm are you too big for
being keys I say no more Bank you said
yes yep we're not gonna have thing keys
anymore but just for right now I'll
decide one and yes I'm in the middle of
doing my makeup and so the only thing I
have on is my eyebrows so yeah I look
like a scary man don't worry I'll fix it
they live on sleep for tonight jisuk
that you don't come you do no fun
okay nope no more treats just one okay
it's time to take a nap
oh okay yep when you wake up from
your nap you can have another treat okay
okay
instead of holding him I sit him on the
edge of the crib because mommy's tummy
it's too hard to hold a heavy little kid
so this is so this is how I do it
oh hey tickety can give me kiss hmm
let's see since I am too big to lean
over and put you in the crib I drop him
yet
okay goodnight baby boy happy debate hmm
goodnight baby boy a TV day okay no
screaming eye color okay you go straight
to sleep I can't man Oh show me what
 so what I've got so yeah I can
drink you I'm tell me what you're saying
gotta say yeah I don't know what you're
saying honey
don't scream is that what you're saying
but they're the dog scared you
there's no dog look at all those slobber
marks you okay love your guts
yeah your sheets are ill okay put your
binky on so I can cover your hands do
you know how yep he likes it right up by
his face don't check goodnight baby boy
hey
you kids excited for your new sheet okay
okay so the kids have all taken their
naps had quiet time Joel showered I'm
showered and tonight I'm here we're
going on a date so excited yes we are I
am very very excited to leave them
behind if I could put those sheets on i
would have Joel I'm sorry to make you do
it I don't know what it is I've got this
like piercing pain through like the
lower region and I don't know if that
like what that my life it's just the
baby is like heavy do you know what I
mean I don't know it uh kind of stinks
but speaking of bus stop staring at me
like I'm a piece of meat aren't those
sheets cute okay I'll show you where I
got these sheets I wanted I had a pair
of sheets picked out and anyway she
didn't work out and these are the sheets
that I got they have books on a bust and
look what's on him no let me find a good
one what's this Cup camp that's a
helicopter yes what's this one a
airplane an airplane um so he thinks
it's a shark why do you think I had you
do it there's no way I could get up
there and do that
no way sorry yeah I know I thought these
were really good and they came from
Pottery Barn if anyone was wondering
where they came from
hi oh you're already just wrapping into
those aren't chef so I'm cooking
Mitchell not for my for my little bit
huh yes
die - laughs look at boss and he's been
so excited to open these wild pop none
don't open those yet we're just doing
sheets first is a bunch of sheep pretty
cozy
how do I feel up there this is nice
that's sleep in there
oh oh look at Cody's monkey it's fun
seeing the ceiling like this close yeah
I just don't ever wanted to burn their
face on the white bust it's not all of
my shirt how do what is that the tester
Becca this is oh my gosh and if you
could smell this one okay these are the
body butters from the body shop and my
absolute favorite is the strawberry and
the wherever it is it's called setsuna I
think that's not and I don't know if you
guys have noticed but I've been going
through tons of this on my desk Joel how
dry my feet are my hands are very uh
very moist now thanks for doing it
you're welcome
for me first stop for date night Ulta
why wouldn't I want to go there huh I'm
so ticked because they don't even have
what I need you guys my man came through
for me he went and he bagged it
strawberry good job strawberry please
thanks Joel let's not listen suppose the
rest of us know like they smell like
spackling or like hey no this is so good
they're my favorite oh yeah they're just
little wins
yeah but how cool is that yeah for my
purse or something is up to
Satsuma anyway thank you for coming
through for me yeah I'm like literally
barely walking right now yeah Oh what is
gained whole meander I got last okay
dinner was fun
no no no dinner was seriously so nervous
what you were gonna say up no it was so
freakin good I couldn't even take I
seriously with every bite I was like nah
nah well there was like this we were
talking while we were eating our
appetizer but then like when our main
course came out we just shut up an eight
oh yeah I can't tell if this is on you
I'm sorry I'm all over the place but I
was gonna say I ran into I ran into my
doctor and I love dr. Kirkland like I
love that man and we need to keep
walking okay and make me whole
and I don't know I just felt super
intimidated what whole question okay I
feel super intimidated house when he was
my face
your nose was like glowing he was like
beating Swiss oh look my Gary just then
misted I wasn't embarrassed I was just
like oh yeah it's kind of intimidating
he views okay we're gonna get a movie
anyway it was a lot of fun running into
my doctor but it was also just a little
intimidating um but I think we're going
to try and find us a movie to rent and I
think we're gonna go home and have our
cheesecake and just decided to try mine
yeah give me line like a citrusy
fruitcake gonna be good or it's gonna be
really bad it might not be that great
but thank you guys for watching we hope
you have a really toes toes go ahead
never get much why does it look like
somebody spritz down your face again no
okay no water bottle okay thank eyes
have a good weekend thanks for watching
see you later
really nice time
