hi you guys today I am doing my 37 week
update I have three weeks left had to
make sure yeah I got to make sure that
math oh sorry I was like okay let me
make sure um I am sitting down at the
end of a very long day we just got done
getting the kids in bed joel is out
giving us dinner he is going to get us a
salad and some breadsticks for dinner
and very excited about that yes I am
very very very excited to have that
today I went and got my hair colored
I'll tell you all the things that I have
been doing to prep for the baby and see
these things might not be very important
to everybody else but I feel like if I
can just get myself ready to go then I'm
not gonna have to worry about anything
after the baby comes and hopefully I'll
feel good going into the delivery
because that's really the only thing
that I can feel good about right now is
like I don't know the worldly things I
guess that rain got my hair colored
today and the only reason that I colored
my hair that I color my hair is because
I have gray hairs coming through and yes
this is my natural color when I was in
high school or when I first left high
school my mom every time she would see
me she'd say are you coloring your hair
you have got to be coloring your hair
and I'm like oh I'm not calling my hair
this is my natural hair color I get my
dark hair and my curly hair from my dad
and we swatched my natural roots today
and yes this is my natural color
I just color it because I have gray hair
that comes through and so I want it to
be nice and even and that's why I color
it um so I did that I scheduled to have
my glitter toes done and right before I
have the baby because I want fresh toes
that way I don't have to even look at my
toes for at least like a month or two
because glitter toes stay on for a
really long time and I would love to do
my own toes like whenever people shape
my toes I'm like oh my gosh I need to be
doing my toes
the only one that knows how to do them
just perfect anyway and then I also have
an appointment to UM have my nails done
it feels good to go and do those things
for me so I do them for two reasons like
I like to go out by myself which
actually I take Olivia even though she
drives me nuts when I go we bring her
she had a lot of fun today um but I like
having the time to myself to go do those
things so it's not necessarily that I'm
like I don't know I guess I think I'm
sitting here justifying it too because I
don't want to feel like I am being high
maintenance or anything and maybe I am
maybe I am but it will cool down when
the baby comes and oh one more thing I
am going to get eyelash extensions
because I'm going to be filming a lot
and I am NOT gonna be putting makeup on
and I think just for myself I would like
to feel just a little bit better like I
want to look a little bit better in the
videos and I know that's kind of vain
and I know hopefully nobody cares but
that's what I'm gonna do I have had
eyelash extensions before and personally
I think that they're best for vacations
are like just like special occasions and
for me this is a special occasion so
that's what I'm going to be doing is
having eyelash extensions on so those
are the things that I have and scheduled
for like next week or the week after and
if I go to my appointments and I'm
dilated more I'll move those
appointments up just so that I don't go
into labor before they actually happen
but anyway that's that I have a doctor's
appointment tomorrow and I swear to you
if I'm not dilated I'm gonna feel so
disappointed I just want to go in on my
own and for some reason I've had it in
my head that I'm gonna go early and I
just in reality I probably will not go
early I just really am excited for him
to be here I have his room almost all
the way done I have everything that I
need for this baby except a baby bjorn
bib but I know I don't need one of those
until he's older by swear with every
single one of my babies I'm like I want
one of those and I just never order me
one so I am going to order me when I
just I'm not going to do it quite yet
something that I have been waiting to
open it's been killing me I have wanted
to open this but I thought oh I'll do it
on camera
I ordered a nursing cover I have one of
the nursing covers that has the wire in
it and you can look down that covers the
front of you but I only got one of these
and I know several other people have
gotten these and this is the covered
goods it's a multi-use nursing cover you
can see here on the cover that you can
put it over your body like this or you
can stick it over the car seat I don't
know if I would wear it as a um what's
that called I don't know if I would wear
it as a scarf or oh and that's just
another way that you can wear it here um
but Ellie puts it over the car seat and
loves it that way and they they had this
material there or on they had this
material on the site and I thought you
know it does not have to be a boy
material just because I have a boy like
it's I'm a girl and I want to wear like
girly cute stuff and I'm obsessed with
floral this is so fun opening this I've
been so excited I seriously love floral
and I've kind of fallen in love with
navy blue this is cute um so this is my
cover it's nice and stretchy the
material is awesome I'm gonna put the
link for these down below so if you want
to check them out you can but this is so
cute let me just let me just put it on
here let me just demonstrate for a
second okay pretend that that was
graceful okay just okay Oh help me zoom
out oh oh just kidding you don't put it
on with it like that I forgot okay so it
goes over your shoulders like this and
that way when you're nursing from behind
you don't have like cuz you know how
when you're sure
is up it shows like your side and stuff
so this covers you from all the way
around honestly I wish this was a shirt
it's so cute
my arms are inside you'll hold your baby
inside but I like that it completely
covers you all the way around so that
people aren't getting like shots of your
side or like your whole entire back is
revealed I am actually really excited
for this the material is so stretchy I
love it isn't the material cute I like
it okay
cute I'm so excited nursing cover yeah
okay and when Ellie was pregnant I was
over at her house we were looking on
Amazon and we found the cutest robes and
they are so cheap I wanted to have a
really pretty robe to take with me to
the hospital and I think this was like
twenty dollars or something like it or
like it could even be less I'm not even
sure somewhere around there I got it off
Amazon I'll find it and I'll put the
link down below so you can check it out
too but I'll show you the material it's
just silky and it's got this the it just
has the prettiest colors on it and it
kind of looks like this Ellie has the
short version and I have the long
version just because my legs they need
to be covered especially I'm going to be
walking around the hospital in this but
I I am so nervous that it's not gonna
fit me cuz luck I don't know if I should
show you this and it's not ironed yeah I
need to iron it um I'm laughing because
it it doesn't even fit around me you
guys I'm ready
ha ha ha ha what if I get to the
hospital and it just doesn't fit around
me that's gonna really stink and if it
does I'll just wear the one that they've
got there but what I like about it is
that the sleeves you can you know mm on
because I want to be able to do the
dishes in it without my sleeves getting
in the water and everything else like
I'm really glad that the sleeves are
kind of short but they're kind of
this and this room is so small I wish I
could I'm going to stand up on this
chair don't die oh okay
whoa so this is how long it is like look
how long it goes it goes all the way
down to like my ankle I'm just praying
well first I'm praying that I don't die
on this chair oh my gosh
I'm such a freak okay so I'm really
hoping that it'll fit me by the time
this baby comes
like once I deliver but it probably
won't so okay now that I'm completely
out of breath um a comment that I had on
my last video was this wasn't even an
update and I just laughed out loud when
I read it because I thought you're
totally right this wasn't even an update
I didn't even update you I just rambled
and today that's basically what I did is
I rambled but I wanted to show you a few
of the things that I got and I wanted to
well that's how I've been prepping for
the baby is getting myself ready and so
I don't know that's my half date that's
me the last and final thing that I
really would like to do is just get my
house really really clean my kids have
been sick this week and it's gonna feel
really good to go through and get all
the towels washed all the sheets washed
and I just really would like to get my
house put together so that it just feels
nice and clean for when I come home and
I've been slowly doing that but there's
a few things I still want to get done
around the house thank you guys so much
for watching I am so hungry that I
cannot wait for Joel to come home he
should be home any minute so I am going
to wrap up this video I'm going to enjoy
my evening with some dinner I hope you
guys are enjoying yourselves wherever
you are and thank you honestly thank you
for watching my videos for subscribing
to my channel and for the amazing
comments you guys Rock in the comment
Department and I say that every time but
it's because I mean it so thank you guys
I love you I'll see you in my next video
bye
