this is it that's ours right now no it
doesn't work right now that he's gone
why since you got it back nope we're
just gonna work on it I'm not gonna give
it back it's ours
I just got to fix it would you get it
truly awesome - that's gonna be a kind
of a kid when it's a little big huh yeah
almost looks like it did it go really
fast I don't know we'll find out I
cannot my lord a cycle it's not yours
everybody thought I my favorite
morning's are mornings that I don't have
to get up and do anything and that is
exactly what we've been doing the kids
have just been playing you can see Cody
over there Olivia has all of her stuff
out like we're just completely hanging
out
Lincoln sweetie we're just completely
hanging out I've been sitting here
editing and I didn't even realize that
Boston they had done when you get done
he just woke up I didn't even have
realized that Boston came over here
cuddled right up on me and he has been
sitting here laying on my lap and he
fell asleep you guys my baby's never
fall asleep with me like this this is
unheard of so I'm going to cherish it
but I'm also preparing myself for the
fact that he probably has contracted
some sort of sickness over this child
swap situation that we've been doing
with my sister because everyone like
every one of her
kids has been sick and so a little
nervous the key maybe has gotten
something hey I'm a little concerned he
may have gotten something cuz it is one
oh shoot I swear if he has hand foot and
mouth I ain't gonna be oh he is burning
look at his cute sweet little body huge
he's like not my baby anymore and he's
kind of killing my stomach I'm so in
love with this like I just love I don't
have to go to anything I am just hope
the baby just kicked in um he's not
comfortable I'm not comfortable like
don't want to put him down my kids are
like dying they're like mom were so
hungry please couldn't get us some food
I'm like I am immobilise let's see what
you've got in your basket you got a
peanut butter and jelly sandwich and you
have a drink some crackers peanuts and
some mints that looks perfect for your
picnic so I'll take the best get a
little amazing I'm gonna do I know those
things well you can stick the basket and
Cody's little basket on the four-wheeler
you guys go find a green grassy area and
you have what did you just do
did you wink you sneaky boy I want hey
look at me I want you two to go find a
grassy area be really nice to each other
no fighting and you just have a little
picnic okay okay love your goods
I'm amazing they'll be in the front yard
happy fourth happy twenty fourth of July
everybody
from Utah if you're not from Utah its
it's a Utah holiday Pioneer Day
celebrate we just got done cleaning the
suburban she's shining like a new dime
and we're gonna go we're gonna go get a
treat the kids helped and earned a treat
Boston's a suburban
a suburban bad name
there you go we're gonna go for Drive
okay what did everybody end up with what
did you get what color what flavor what
kind did you get banana banana
what did you get this TV show me orange
yay and this is what mom and dad got
Harborough rattlesnakes and this is one
of Bonnie's favorite is rice krispie
treats so I've worked hard today
cleaning up working being lazy I can get
out of bed till 10 o'clock was great and
now it's time to go say hi to my
beautiful wife who just put her face on
so we're good I have been looking
forward to going to the fireworks July
24th all summer because I knew that the
fourth of July was going to be a little
rushed and it kind of was and it was a
little hectic but I thought joel has the
weekend off like we're gonna enjoy the
24th and my kids are sick we had an
awesome lunch with Joel oh brother just
now I'm so I'm very full like almost
eight myself so it was really good and
Kody was perfectly fine
when we went to their house he fell
asleep while we were there didn't eat
his body is on fire so these two are not
feeling good I keep going back and forth
with Kody or with Boston I'm like oh he
feels good no he doesn't feel good it
feels good no it doesn't feel good I'm
going back and forth with him but I know
that neither of them feel good and
Olivia is so bummed because I don't
think we're going to fireworks tonight
honey why don't we get our own so maybe
Joel and Olivia can go
some fireworks then here we got a
special me yes what are you getting at
Oh get your store oh okay guess you'll
find out a little bit okay
all right hello there well we've been
picking up some fireworks me and Olivia
just running our errands huh what is it
hot what do we need
we need a cold cold Jamba Juice
we'll get one for mommy - she'll be so
happy gosh dang you and wait I can get
these hands with these side unum cuz I
got cuz this is the one that the ants
are getting okay give them do these make
you feel better Cody and poor babe it's
making me sick
oh shoot good job
if you go to a place and you see like a
place that has deep red back to that
place there's like a place that has a
cat there's like virus all there and
then today we got these because I cannot
go to fireworks cuz Boston Cody and just
balsam and Cody
yeah Boston and Cody are sick today so
we are just doing fire here yo man watch
this mama all right Wow
I want to get a nice look at your face
close your eyes so that's the last part
to heal but everything else looks pretty
good huh honey yeah you know it gets me
sweetie a lots more okay okay I think
I'm out of the Sun maybe I'm not only
don't know that's good here let's just
like crouch up against the door what
sounds good to me is Olive Garden I like
I kind of want to take the kids but they
won't I know I'm just kidding that was a
terrible idea and I'm sorry good attempt
at a joke but I'm very very very sorry
I'm like we can do take out the joint
okay you want to know why I was thinking
of it at all of garden date what is that
dessert called oh man little donut
scones like it did
Oh baby you guys these kids are
miserable
these kids are miserable I'll take him
with me and go deliver those go for a
little ride
cody's aren't popping why aren't they
think that's Romar he is look at he's
like drawing them with all his might
thank you what's that left-handed
business bud your switch ends hey well
this certainly is not a Olive Garden
what is it little Burger King a little
Oreo shake yummy mmm
little boss to Rooney's in bed and we're
just gonna light up our own little
fireworks aren't we guys first we're
gonna do little then oh are you sure
that's not the moon oh hey there is
another little star good job it's like
we were putting we were right as we were
going in Boston tripped and fell and hit
his teeth and oh my gosh that always
makes me so sad when the kids hit their
teeth because his little gums were
bleeding and oh I just get terrified
that they're gonna go Brown anyway we're
gonna light a few fireworks so now you
know what not the ones that go in the
air - I I mean so I can hear the
neighbors I can the words I wrote at the
Grandpa's fire yeah
the grandpa's really far away oh good I
am proud of you kids for just being
willing to stay home tonight huh
do you know what I don't care where we
are
I'm just happy that we're hanging out
huh good this firework show started ro2
it was this is our big firework show
you like these baby boy dad your drew
the ones I chewed up really high I hate
you nervous back there but you get there
so funny well you guys I hope you can
see me um we this is this is how we're
ending our night as soon as they we
shoot off the last little bitty baby
fireworks we hope you guys have a we
hope you guys have a really good rest of
your week and we'll see you later bye
guys
