hey guys this week is Olivia's birthday
she is turning six and she requested an
Elsa barbi frozen cake so that is what
I'm going to show you how to do today it
looks a little more intense than it
actually is it really is not that
difficult and you don't it doesn't have
to be like if you look up close it is
not as perfect as you might think it has
to be in order for it to look good so if
you're an amateur like me you can't
achieve this so let's get started okay
the first thing that you are going to
want to do when making your barbie cake
is baking your cake and I it doesn't
matter what size of cake round pan you
use I have two different sizes and I
have a little bit of a bigger one and
then I also have a little bit of a
smaller one you take your first cake and
you lay it on whatever you're going to
be displaying your cake on I have my
frosting mixed up the color that I need
it to be and I'm going to share this
recipe with you so many times I have
these cute cakes or I eat other people's
cakes and they look really cute but they
don't taste very good
I like them to be cute and I like them
to taste really really good and this
frosting is so long I am gonna leave a
link below to where I found this um
recipe at it is the best and I don't
make this without people telling me how
amazing it is it seriously is you don't
need another recipe after this so I take
a little bit of my frosting and I lay it
down just to hold the first cake in
place the first layer in place now when
I made these um cakes the first time I
did this I tried taking the cake out of
the pan and it ripped
and it was such a disaster in it quite
frankly it ticked me right off I just
load my pan with Crisco and they they
come right out so that's my tip for you
mm-hmm and then I'm going to take
another layer of frosting and I'm going
to put a layer of frosting on the first
so I'm going to layer my cake frosting
cake frosting cake frosting so now that
I have all four layers right here I'm
going to hold my miss Elsa up next to
the cake and I don't quite think it's
going to be high enough on her waist but
I think that if I was to add another
layer it's yeah it's definitely going to
be way too high so I'm going to cut this
one in half I'm going to leave the dome
on top because that will help shape the
dress okay so I'm just going to take
that top domed part and measure it real
quick
and see that's going to be perfect and I
just won't push her all the way down
when I am choosing a Barbie to go on the
inside I like when their shirt is
plastic that way you can get frosting
right up to him if you have a Barbie
that you just have to use and she's
naked you can always put frosting on her
and make a top but that's just way too
intense for me so it's time to insert
barbie into the cake now I have done it
before where I've cut a center out of
each layer and I place her in the holes
that I've created but she's too wobbly
and so I find the center of my cake and
I just push her down and the cake holds
her still and so I don't like cutting a
hole through my cake layers I just push
her down to where I want her and she
stays in place so much better
so I usually will take a butter knife
and I leave this top part domed because
I think it's pretty and it's really hard
to shape it otherwise so I just take my
butter
knife and I started shaving and I just
hope that I don't cut too much off that
I'm not supposed to because I am not
actually in a while I am going to take
this down a little bit I just decided
I'm just going to start here and work my
way down and I'm a little nervous
because every time it's not the most
even but it works you just make it work
you do your best
you
okay once you have your cake shaped the
way you want it clean up your mess and
we are ready for what's called the crumb
layer and before I do that this whole
cake is just crumbs it's just it's crazy
it's so hard to frost so I like to just
take my hands and just press the crumbs
into the cake and into the frosting like
this and I just go through and do that
around the whole cake so that it kind of
holds those really loose crumbs you're
still going to have a hard time putting
that crumb layer around once I learned
what a crumb layer was it made frosting
a cake so much easier because you go
through and you put a layer of frosting
over it but there's you don't have to
worry about the little crumbs showing
through like it's not going to be a
smooth surface it's not your finished
layer so you put your final layer of
frosting over the top of your crumb
layer and it will be so much smoother
and so much easier to frost and I'm just
generous with my frosting because you
don't want to rip your cake so I just
put some on smear it around scoop up
some more smear it around and as you can
see there is plenty of crumbs throughout
and that's normal that's okay that's the
whole purpose of this layer so I just
put it on and carefully swipe down and I
just watch and if it looks or feels like
my cake is going to rip then I stop it
looks like a hot mess
and it kind of is but be patient with
this step because if you don't do a good
job on this step the rest of its going
to be hard to frost so it looks pretty
crude and that's because it is but once
you get enough frosting on the cake
then you can go through and smooth it
out so crude layer is covered and now
I'm just going to take my spatula and
smooth this layer out the best the best
that I can and I'm basically going to
hold my spatula still and rotate my
barbie usually by the time I am finished
with the crumb layer I will put her in
the fridge and let that kind of set and
firm up a little bit before I go in and
put on my other layer for my top layer I
am going through and adding just a thin
layer of frosting just enough to cover
all of the crumbs that you can see in
the crumb layer so I am learning a very
important lesson as I sit here and do
this top layer is you really do need to
refrigerate between the crumb layer and
this very last layer because it's
grabbing on to that frosting and showing
the crumbs through just a little bit and
I for the sake of the video I didn't put
it in the fridge but so I'm telling you
now you probably should put it in the
fridge and let it set before adding this
top layer once you have your thin layer
frosting I take a piece of paper and I
place it at the base of her dress I
gotta move her arms you want to move her
arms out of your way yay okay place your
paper at the bottom and cup it around
the dress and drag evenly all the way up
to the top the best you can okay so that
is after the paper has attempted to
smooth it out the best that I could
and I actually went through an added
just a little bit of glitter - maybe
disguise any imperfections that there
may have been and so things don't always
work out as you planned but that's kind
of the way things go when you are not an
expert and you are just a mom trying to
make your daughter birthday cake oh okay
so I have frosting in my piping bags and
I'm going to Google a bunch of images
and try my best to decorate her the best
that I can and that is about all I'm
going to be doing that is it for this
tutorial thank you guys so much for
watching and I will see you in my next
video if you enjoyed this video or if
you learned a little something go ahead
and give it a thumbs up thanks for
watching guys bye
