good morning you guys this is my 36 week
update I just got out of the bathtub as
you can see and I cannot bring myself to
do anything I hey I'm gonna lay here and
I'm gonna wait until I stop sweating and
then I'm gonna try to get ready but I've
had a big couple of days I've been doing
a lot of stuff and I just feel like I
can't move so I'm gonna sit here for a
little while longer I've got the kids
outside I don't even have pants on yet
and I'm not planning on putting them on
until I go to my appointment but I've
got the kids outside and I told them
they are not allowed to touch the door
do not come to the door outside playing
with this water toy that someone sent to
us and I think they're having fun Olivia
Spring Boston how rude but anyway
they're at least being occupied so
they're gonna play out there and I'm
going to do my very best to get myself
ready I hope that it happens because I
I'm just feeling it I've got four weeks
left I'm nine months pregnant I kind of
feel like that's like the not excuse of
also excuses but like nothing can drop
that Oh
I'm nine months pregnant I want you to
tell me just what you told me just now I
treated oh I picked up my mattress on my
back and I walk how did you so strong
sweat and said my prayers all right back
to my room what did you say you ate that
made you so strong practically no what
did you tell me that you ate spicy
broccoli
you ate spicy broccoli eating yogurt and
what did you drink water apple juice and
yep and that makes you strong
you aren't my strong spirit can't even
believe it
we have to be a little quiet cuz
Boston's napping yeah hey c'mere I am so
happy to have you home I know
Hey are you happy to be home yep
yeah and guess what you want to come
outside they would watch something yeah
I'll be on a second
he's showing me how strong he is
her doctor a formal week and then her
babies coming out I am NOT progressed
any further he told me what I was eat
fast I think and I didn't even hear it
because I was so focused on that you
haven't progressed steady since last
time I was like gosh and I was like
holding Cody's hand over here to this
side I was holding his hand over here to
the side because he was like wanting to
run and anyway we had a good no one
touches privates except in the doctor's
office because I don't want some creep
telling them oh I'm a doctor it's okay
in the doctor's office Olivia you can
touch the private side the doctor can
but no one else can right right who I
gained two guys I'm okay with that
um and I'm measuring just a teeny bit he
said like maybe a centimeter whatever
small in this tummy
but he said it's just fine and yeah I
guess I'll see him again next week
boo I'm so sad that I haven't progressed
any I was really hoping that I would
maybe be it like a to maybe I don't know
Joel thinks I was gonna go early but I
for sure know that I will not be going
early
so anyway these kids have been a little
crazy thank goodness my my cousin's wife
Jacy she she bought not volunteered she
told me okay okay just leave it alone
okay please guys please put it down
please my cousin's wife Jacy took Boston
for me so that I wouldn't have him here
and thank goodness because I'm really
happy that he was not here for me to
change so now that this doctor's
appointment is over I am actually on my
way to Olivia's doctor's appointment she
has a well check for being six years old
so we're gonna head over to that and
that's that I guess I'll see you guys in
my next video
