are you making all your cousins oatmeal
just a baby I am I asked you might have
some too how did you guys sleep last
night did you what time do you think you
finally went to bed mmm
um I bet it was way later than that I
bet it was way later you know why cuz me
and Dad went to bed at like 11:00 and we
still heard you guys laughing down there
oh hey bond um how come your purse looks
like it's bulging a lot more than normal
hey you should mind your own business
huh are you guys excited to see inside
out hey hey hey do you think do you guys
think do you think the Uncle Joe will
pay for every yes did you guys bring
your money yeah how are you gonna get a
British girl from there do you think we
should ask uncle Joel Tobias popcorn -
yeah no yeah I think we should
I'm pretty sure everybody in here hates
us maybe he was like he was running up
and down the aisle he came down here and
was running around laughing the whole
time normally like I am like control
freak with the kids I don't like him to
be out of line I don't like but we just
had to not care today where's your
treats yummy are you guys sick I don't
think you a specific equipment robbery
yeah yeah yeah I shouldn't be laughing
because sometimes I hate
like the annoying families in the movie
theater it's 10:30 in the morning and
we're at a kids show so I kind of felt
like we had a little bit of leeway you
know what I mean
Virgil he's in taking care of Austin get
that drink out of my face you are an M
let's go well you girls look like you've
been prepping for a party that I like it
who put twos who decided to put makeup
on
was that you yeah let me see you Manny
birthday girl
I know let me see your nails who olds
painted their nails I bet they came off
specialties no good grief they're cute
though and Julie you're still feeling a
little sick aren't ya well if there's
something that you need to make you feel
better you just let me know okay okay
you look like you've been spoiled who
did that you care a Boston what a
naughty baby I said it yes go give him
we need to get a hat for Jackson oh look
he's comes out on the Cody are just
Boston have wine now give let's get
Boston when they're Boston table all
right which one of you is gonna give up
a hat Oh
ouchy a ball I don't know good Iceland
all high five
okay I got it
hold down here oh no I was like no no
really
okay I had a flying her hand off
she needs to move her hand out of the
way and her hair happy birthday happy
birthday to you okay sweet okay why you
want a bullet for the hair oh oh yay
good job Olivia who gave you the compass
Hayley Smith lights up in the dark that
lights up in the dark did you pick up
there did you pick out the compass where
did you find it let's dig under town -
oh that's something right with higher
shadow sorry yeah yeah I thought it was
from her cousin Chad I think that that's
my favorite gift so far found it on the
ground
I need a gift Olivia do you even have
three dolls to put in there yeah you do
it folds up so nice I keep trying to
look at it you can turning it
yes Olivia Gino you can do c'mere Olivia
you can take outside for real you just
wanted to use your new Ruby what do you
think do you like it
American Girl doll well she calls an
American Girl doll but it's just dolly
bunk beds huh Oh climb up the ladder
Olivia I love it do you
okay layer in her bed I want to see her
how how she lays in there no I love it
you know we need to make her we need to
make them some baby pillows don't we and
I drink it like a baby blanket I think
that's a good idea we should do that do
you like the stroller
I think the birthday party was a success
today is it over
I'm really hoping so Julie we Joel's
parents took us to pizza pie cafe for
dinner which the kids love always good
um Julie
Olivia's cousin threw up the whole time
in the middle of the form of the
restaurant in the bathroom and anyway so
we're gonna spend the rest of the night
going through our house cleaning with
this yes yes so that is our plan if you
guys didn't know we do have a t-shirt
campaign going on right now you have
like I think tennis days to 29th the
total 29 so you have until the 29th to
order your shirts if you're interested
we will put the link down below we hope
you guys have a good rest of your week
and we'll see you guys in our next video
mm-hmm I had a really nice time kind of
haha
it seemed huh that's that's for style
most it's Forest just know we gotta just
smile and give them away we've had a
good time Olivia's gonna be going on for
like 3 months I feel like now so I'm
just so glad it's over yeah we'll start
planning next year's mm-hmm
nope we won't okay happy birthday Olivia
goodbye
yeah
