good morning you guys it is a little
early for my liking but Boston woke up a
little early and I just thought you know
what I may as well get up start getting
ready
and so those two we're taking a bath
yeah you slept the whole night yeah you
did not sleep in you woke up early and
did you go to bed on time last night or
did you stay up all night again oh yes
you did and was I happy or mad did you
go to bed on time last night no I swear
to you I used it they used to go to bed
right when I told him to go to bed and
it is getting awful I don't know if it's
because it's summertime it could be
because it's summertime but oh my I
think it was ten o'clock when they went
to bed anyway that was not the point
Olivia were reading this morning and
look what book she has it looked like
spilt milk
you guys I read this we had this book
when I was growing up and I don't know
why this book stands out but it just
does it's just I want to like quickly
look through the pictures so I've got
like an seeum I was so happy when Olivia
brought this book home because I'm just
excited for her to read it I just think
it's so cute anyway Kayla Kayla trained
me that
it looks like stilt melt some times it
looks that looks look look look like a
rabbit watch what you eat boys why you
love bunny what no way Jose you don't
need a binky you just play in the
bathtub oh good grief
take a bath and then we'll go get some
breakfast okay great we gotta go to the
trucks
CC chuckle its own out better even in
your diaper come on come on huh
Hado
I'm excited to tell you
forever car on it
a chip in the road and it's gonna just
it'll be good for the wintertime I guess
but the terrible crime brand new car a
new paint job
I ripped a tree down
well there is a
in the way well good that's crazy
friends anybody what happened really
good you were climbing a tree and you
got stuck yes and you're just kind of
sad cuz you got stuck in the tree huh
yeah so what are we gonna make animate
we're gonna make some noodle if I want
to watch a movie on your computer you
wanna watch a movie and have ramen
noodles don't check yeah okay because
you can I wash mine in the pickup's I
don't really like spider-man SHINee oh
maybe maybe I can find something good
for us to watch okay I want to kill what
join in computer yeah you guys this is a
really really big deal this kid would
not don't near this floor we were and
today that's all he's bent like he
hopped on with Cody he doesn't know how
to turn yeah
this is a big deal he he's never even
wanted to ride on it and I think he saw
Jackson getting a ride from Kody and so
I think he thought maybe he could get a
ride and once he got a taste of it Oh
Oh what what yeah you see now he's like
I need to go okay awesome Ellie came
over just to hang it on this shape oh
yeah caca that's probably really dirty
okay Jackson I wouldn't put my mouth on
that if I were you
yes that's a really good nurse that's
actually really really good yeah Ellie
came over just to hang out we're just
sitting in the shade letting the time
pass watching the kids play
good job Boston and proud of you did you
hear him
Jackson Jackson he's trying to steal
bytes up Kody's ice cream and Cody goes
Oh Jax
Jackson little thief feel nice he was
together the Justin come here I gotta
fight get your own Jackson Jackson's mad
I like how nice Cody isn't I'd be like
get out here
okay are you guys ready for the coolest
invention I think ever first you connect
the hose then you begin to fill and I
don't know how but they have these
little like little tie thingies and they
automatically tie themselves this is my
favorite part when they drop I think
it's gross looking I don't even know why
it's like you know like isn't that oh
look at that
like you don't you don't feel like oh
that was so much yeah well my fingers
get raw when I tie water balloons for
the kids
yeah kind of fun is gonna hold that
tight no I don't oh my goodness sakes
I have tried just by dancing his mom
doesn't want to wet your the wettest one
oh hey Bo on can't really see him
what you got on your feet you think my
sandals are cute they're actually wicked
stinking cute they look they're just you
thank you for letting me get them what
what other color did you get
I may have also gotten them in coral oh
good
you showing my tummy bigots get a shirt
I have five weeks guys say that again
sit again I have five weeks guys we are
here at dinner we came to Logan's
steakhouse we got a babysitter tonight
and we're very soon hungry hmm we just
requested a booth and the lady goes do
you think you'll fit
give me a fool I will make it fit make
it fit way I'm even thought about that
you've always been big do you want to
know something that Joel cannot do
they were really short turning I don't
want to use yet but he can't roll his
tongue like this
watch him try no wait before we even
demonstrate this I want you to tell me
one reason you'd ever need to do that
like meaning button telling what
survival gear would you need do it see
if you can chew this just try your very
little hardest I want you to try your
very best to try and do it okay okay
what is he doing like literally what are
you doing
turn on inside you literally cannot do
it I don't see the need for that down I
don't understand I don't get it it's the
weirdest thing
I heard it's hereditary can you do this
that's what I feel like right now I can
do this I don't know your tongue but
yeah I just dang near almost forgot
our vlog and was getting all ready for
bags my eyes are forcing themselves shut
so we are going to end our vlog and
we're going to enter night the way we
always do by watching a few episodes of
TV and probably staying up a little too
late it's not we're exhausted we're
tired why are we do this I don't know
well we hope you guys have a really good
weekend and we'll see you guys in our
next video yeah see you guys later I had
a really nice time yeah ow
uh-huh how does it go no cut yeah
