what are you teasing me about my hair
for your hair is just as crazy this
morning my mom is fun she has jewelry my
mom needs was that say water yeah wowie
do you know why I'm so excited for you
to go to school today to take your wall
ball he plays wha ball with his friends
every day this is a special point it
won't break Wow
I think it's especially hard waking up
this morning after a long break we have
to get back in the swing of things you
see my teacher broke it on accident but
we still used it and since my I got
three wall balls I have some extra ones
so I bring my orange one just cool to
play with this morning the one task
bonnie gave me was to take Christmas
down now some people cry when they take
that blessed Yuletide symbol down
because it means the holidays are over I
cry because I just don't freaking want
to do it I just don't want to do it I
don't feel like doing anything I just
leave it up I'm tired I just want to do
it the same way you put the tree up is
the same way you take it down you need
some good background music
become with me by YouTube
I think it's just a although because
they're not just Christmas decorations
these are winter decorations past
Christmas time we're not those weirdos
would keep their Christmas stuff around
and chips oh yay
I'm really not sure how to put these
deer up because this way they're looking
at each other and maybe they like each
other
but for all we know they're having a
little fight they don't want to look at
each other at all
so I guess depending on the day that's
what they're doing there's a reason the
cardboard is recyclable it regenerates I
swear to it I have cleaned my house out
a dozen times since Christmas alone
gotten rid of all the cardboard in the
house and they just keep coming they
just keep regenerating I just keep
finding boxes down as I'm cleaning more
stuff out like oh there's an empty box
eyes nephew bucks best stuff is
unstoppable
Ellie I have a meeting with some things
that we're working on today so I was
done for most of the morning and I came
home to my house mostly put back
together and Joel I cannot even tell you
how good it feels
I didn't think you're gonna have it all
the way done I'm very very happy there's
a few like wintry things we're gonna
leave up like I'll leave my reindeer we
need to do something with my stuff up
there I don't know but it feels really
good
and I found the couch that is supposed
to go here and I found what material
it's gonna be in so that will be here
like a month and now three another well
another project for Joel yeah and
another like organizational thing that
we're gonna be doing and a really huge
milestone for like our last baby you
guys were getting rid of the crib today
this pretend that we're taking down was
literally the best purchase we've ever
made we're gonna keep it was the reason
he goes to bed with two and ends up with
one yep just a few yeah we're gonna put
that in the closet and save it for a
rainy day or a child that visits that
doesn't stay in its crib it's perfect I
will honestly leave a link in the
description if you're looking for
something like this for a kids you want
to keep in a crib it was honestly the
best purchase of my life it was a hard
decision to make to get rid of the crib
but honestly I just need to get rid of
it
it's fine I don't have to keep
everything so we're gonna just give it
to the gi I was like maybe I can start
on KL or something but I don't want to
hassle with it we're just gonna give it
to the GI
oh that's your pillow what's a beautiful
one I see my new bed bye hello
there's your doggie you can hold it look
should we put your new sheet on your
mattress look what's on here yeah but no
it's not a bus dude what that is
yes yeah it's a firetruck that's a glass
it's a firetruck you goofy dad it's a
fire truck fire truck hey you put all
the extra pieces in here pick them up
and put them in here you can definitely
do that can't you
good job Lincoln thank you for helping
thank you yep I do want those nope you
know you go put that my dad's tools this
is a pretty sad day for me
I mean sad but it's really exciting I
mean Lincoln's been ready for a very
long time to get to be out of the crib I
put it off for a long time it's not
because I'm putting it off it's just
been nice having him in his crib still
I've let him stay no this is a very
needed change it's just sad I rocked all
my babies in this rocking chair it
wasn't like anything expensive and super
nice like it's not an heirloom but it's
just it served his purpose I was so
grateful for it when I got it and I used
it with all of the kids remember how
late we stayed up the first night when
we brought this in yes I do we stayed up
forever but it was so exciting
okay go haul it off someone else will
have it it's like I wish so bad there's
someone that watched our videos could
get it so they could like tag us it or
something
bye well Joel does that I'm going to
clean this bedroom the kids are all
downstairs watching TV while John and I
are finishing up this room
I got it at least vacuumed vacuumed the
edges dusted the floorboards and just
kind of kind of rearranged the stuff in
here
Joel built this by hand he welded it and
made it when Olivia was graduating from
the crib we thought we would have her in
this bed and then the baby in the crib
and so we had the headward made to match
the crib this is something that I would
never get rid of though he built it and
for a minute we had Olivia in the little
bed and then Cody in the crib and it
just didn't work out
you climb up on your bed you climb up
the step stool and get on your bed yeah
what do you think Lincoln do you like it
is this where you're gonna sleep are you
gonna go to bed Wow oh you know just how
to do it do you think you'll sleep in
this bed oh my gosh I have a feeling
he's not really gonna go to bed Olivia
was horrid she wouldn't stay in her bed
for the life of her she slept on the
floor for most of the nights cuz she
would fall asleep messing around I don't
know I think he might do good Cody and
Boston you put them on the bed for the
first time walked out of the room and
never once ever had to go put them back
they just slip on the bed I think
Lincoln is gonna be somewhere in between
I don't think it's gonna be terrible but
I don't think it's gonna be like
perfectly easy like we did the other
boys how'd he get play yeah he stays up
as is all night in his crib so what do
you guys think
and no kids are a little hyper getting
lengthened this new pad put together
Olivia did she used to hide fruit snacks
under it a lot you kids listen while dad
finishes up wiring the camera so Lincoln
cannot get to it I want you guys to come
and say goodnight to Lincoln this is a
big night for him so I want you to say
good night to Lincoln in his big-boy bed
can you say good night to Kody I know
wouldn't it be so fun
say good night to Kody say good night
Cody fasting can you say good night to
Lincoln in his new bed okay I want you
to go get in your bed and I'll come say
good night in a little bit hey say good
night okay no you go get on your bed and
you can read until I come and say good
night I don't want you to use to like
tuck me in and I'm just like well I'll
be in detective in a minute oh good
night Lincoln I heard you sit down oh
sit down
look leg em Oh oh my gosh I'm gonna
watch you all night let's go finish this
last little bit I'm down okay Olivia
please don't do that yes I just don't
want them talking through the vents I
don't I want to just try to get him to
go to bed now listen when I put you to
bed at night I want you to stay in bed
okay
does Lincoln get a pinkie
no big key to me working what are you
doing
Android Beam you're working you are
what's that okay I want you to lay down
lay all the way down okay put your feet
in now Lincoln I'm gonna go out and I'm
gonna close the door and I want you to
stay on your bed okay I'm gonna close
the door
and I want you to stay on your bed okay
good night I'll see you in the morning
okay good night little baby considering
we've made it this far I'm pretty
stinking proud of that
it's no he's staying and no he's just
messing around now he's just playing
peek-a-boo
do you see what he just he got rid of
the pillow he's laying his donkey down
like he always does the doggies gonna go
right between the bed no yep look it
already did you see him pull back oh
he's trying to get his blanket
considering I'm pretty damn proud this
is way better than Olivia's first
attempt over the second the door was she
was at the door pounding eyes you know
she was on our heels before we even shut
the door
Joel he's getting ready for bed oh my
gosh
oh my gosh
he literally threw his pillow on the
floor got his doggy as a pillow and now
he's ready for bed moba is proud if you
guys want to follow up on Lincoln and
his Ben is doing if you guys want to
keep up with our lives make sure you
click that subscribe button if you are
subscribed double check the notification
button to make sure you being notified
don't miss out on anything I'm gonna be
watching this camera oh good bye you
guys
let's just check in a little later he is
doing his bird
he was literally just twirling his doggy
ear you guys I have never been a more
proud mom I can not believe this
they don't believe this and the
technology that we have to sit and watch
him is incredible
it's incredible hashtag mom live hashtag
mom whose prayer
