today is a very special video maybe one
you've been waiting for
actually I told I tell them I said this
is kind of your video I might kind of
take charge and like talk let me help
him out hold on this is gonna answer a
question that you all have been asking
for a long time now I guess but it seems
so why does Joe and the videos by saying
or what does it mean when Joe says I had
a really nice time no link Oh huh
that's how it's done you're probably
wondering why do I always say that and
there's really not a big elaborate story
but I gotta be honest I always kind of
said that to Bonnie
like whenever we've done any activity or
whatever she'd be like did you have fun
I've had a really nice time or like
we'll be laying down to go to bed
oh yeah she'll just say yeah good night
I had a really nice time I think you
said it because it makes me laugh it's
pretty but I know where it came from
because we went to high school together
and I had this good friend oh let me
take it yeah I have this good friend
named Mike Mike if you're watching I'm
sorry but every time I'd get he would
like we go do all kinds of stuff
together and whatever he drove most the
time and anytime whenever he dropped me
off in my house he would say I have a
really nice time all right
I had a really nice time and he would
just say it kind of creepily like that I
was like fruitcake Mike like hey why you
being so weird anyway it was just
something just kind of a running joke
and it's very easy and it's very easy to
make Joel feel uncomfortable or awkward
and so I guarantee he kind of said it
because Joel felt so awkward and it's
funny to make him feel awkward and so
the worst part was is he would lock the
door and he
would not let you out unless you set it
back let me go
Jill it's so funny the funny thing was
is bonnie was just we were saying
goodbye on the on one of our videos we
weren't even looking for like any kind
of a sign-off or anything like that
bonnie was just pointing the camera at
me trying to tell me to say goodbye and
so I was like I had a really nice time I
came out what I did like and I gotta be
honest I just started winking because I
found out that my mother-in-law would
look for it anything that she wants she
pretty much gets from me so that's it
but the funny thing is I have to say
I've said this saying for a long time
even all my co-workers know I say it and
I remember we had this young engineer
that worked with us for a day and and we
all had our headsets on and she was like
okay guys I'm leaving and I don't know
why but I just said that I'm off I had a
really nice time and apparently I said a
really creepy one I said it so it's just
kind of been an like ongoing joke and
all my co-workers say that back to me
like really creepily so it's just it's
just kind of part of it now I don't know
it's just funny and it's just what he
says and and you know it's pretty cool
if uncle Jared wants to do it too so
that is the story of how I have a really
nice time came about and we have
something else that we want to talk
about we mentioned that we wanted to do
t-shirts and I don't know why I feel so
funny about doing it I think it's
obviously it's because you want to be
successful you want people to buy your
shirts but what if they don't what if
they don't like my saying but
everybody's having a really nice time
well we want and we want everyone to
have a really nice time so we got them
put on shirts for everybody I really
wanted to make sure that there were
shirts for little kids
because I want little Cody to where I
had a really nice time shirt and I made
a shirt because I was like if you're
gonna make a shirt I want to make a cute
shirt Sami shirts are cool like they
weren't very feminine I would probably
wear one
they're pretty feminine so we had two
kinds of shirts made up for adult sizes
and little kid sizes so if you guys are
interested in checking our shirts out we
have a link listed down below for you to
click on and it will take you to our
campaign and it's O
biggest thing all that thing's biggest
thing it when you get them I have my
Instagram and my Twitter links down
below Joel does not have Instagram or
Twitter I don't think he's gonna get one
I don't even have a smartphone
show me fun honey it's really do it hey
can I can send texts when you get your
shirts we want to see pictures of them
so a shirt and some it's easier for me
to see everything on Twitter than it is
for me to see everything on Instagram I
miss a lot of stuff on Instagram so if
you want us to make sure to see your
shirts make sure to tag us on Twitter we
set our goal for this campaign at 25
t-shirts so if you want to help us reach
our goal check out the link below and
find a shirt you like and have a really
nice time
