hi you guys welcome to my 35 week update
I have five more weeks or five more
weeks I I cannot believe I have I
worried I literally cannot bleep I have
five more weeks I don't feel like it I
don't feel like I only have five more
weeks
like I feel normally at this point I am
so done I am so done it's not even funny
but I feel like I'm surviving fine like
I'm exhausted I feel like crap but it is
not near what it has been in the past
and I think it's just different elements
we'll get into it so if you watched my
vlog from Monday the baby movement
wasn't that so sweet all those baby
movements oh I've been having so many of
them and I've tried recording them it's
really hard to capture because I swear
the baby just knows and he stops moving
but I was able to capture a whole bunch
of the baby movements and that was
pretty sweet but anyway you saw it that
I was not feeling good over the weekend
and I keep saying oh yeah I'm feeling
better I'm flippin not I'm not feeling
better it's like I'm trying to convince
myself when I tell people and they call
are you feeling better yeah I'm feeling
a lot better
no I'm not I don't feel better this
morning my kids got up earlier than they
usually do and I just thought you know
what I'm just gonna get up I'm gonna
shower I'm gonna get ready and so I did
and I was like hey this is great
ate breakfast completely threw it up I
if you've been watching all my updates
you know I'm not really a big thrower
upper I just I just don't
but with this pregnancy I feel like I've
been throwing up a lot and I know some
of you made the comments oh you know
you're showing signs of is it
preeclampsia eat clamps here or
something and I'm not because my blood
pressure is still really low I'm not
routine
water and the doctor thinks that I'm
doing just fine so it's not that it's
just the end of pregnancy I don't know I
just so now the guy stops mowing is lon
I swear all three of my neighbors were
mowing their lawn at once I really
wanted to film outside again so I could
be with the kids cuz I kind of feel bad
just doing that can't play outside I can
see them from here they're doing just
fine but I just I don't know it's really
important to me that the videos don't
cut into my time with the kids or with
Joel and so actually I'm recording this
morning it's more it's like 10 o'clock
right now and normally I do it during
nap time were in the evenings when
they're in bed and really just wanted to
get it done so that I could get uploaded
during that time and that John I can
hopefully this is my sister Julie I have
called her she has called me we have
missed each other's phone calls I am
pushing pause on you because I have to
answer this okay I am back and I am
sorry but I had to take that because we
have been playing phone tag all day I
have no clue where I left off with you
guys so I'm just gonna tell you about
our conversation really quick we were
basically just saying how disgusting our
houses were and how hard it is to keep a
house clean in the summer time
especially with little kids I swear it's
like I don't clean my floor until they
go to bed at night because they're just
in and out the whole day with grass and
dirt and like I don't know bugs and so I
cleaned my floor at night and the second
they wake up I swear it's just like a
little tornado and meet myself included
and the place is just a disaster again
anyway it's just difficult and I have
just kind of not looked at the mess so
I'm thinking that if Joel and I I'm
really hoping he takes me out tonight
even though it's like the middle of the
week this is his day off and I would
really enjoy if we could go out I guess
you'll find
the next vlogs are - hmm what else do I
have
oh my electric bill yeah my electric
bill was probably a hundred and fifty
dollars more than it normally is that's
water and electricity
we've been watering the lawn a lot and
playing the water a lot and I have kept
my house so cool and then movement in my
ribs I've been talking a lot about baby
movement this kid is intense
this kid is intense usually it doesn't
like hurt when babies move sometimes it
does and I've never understood when
people talk about babies in their ribs
until this one I swear he like reaches
his hands up in life hanging was on my
ribs cuz I'm like no stop judoka no get
out but it's it's not too crazy anymore
it kind of it kind of is yeah I kind of
is I see I like trying to like downplay
things like to make sure that it's okay
and I think I do it because it's like I
know that each one of my family members
has like just little stresses in their
lives and like everyone has their own
issues and I don't want to complain like
I don't want to sit on here and complain
but I kind of all I want to do is
complain who's not so bad just now I
decided in my mind I'm taking matters
into my own hands
I'm going to nap with the kids today and
then I'm going to clean my house I'm
gonna make Joel do something with the
kids so that I can clean my house and
right now I'm gonna start texting
babysitters
Joel's probably not gonna ask me out to
go out tonight cuz he has no clue he has
no idea that I want to go out but I want
to go out so I'm gonna get a babysitter
and we're gonna go out even though I
would really want him to just do it like
I really just want him to ask me I'll
just do it I have told you guys this
before I have an Instagram and a Twitter
so way if you guys wanna know when I'm
going into labor oh oh oh oh
any time Ellie and Jared have
my kids I swear people are like bunnies
going into labor Bonnie's in labor
people I'm gonna tell you if I'm going
into labor I'm gonna be tweeting it so
follow me on Instagram and Twitter
because that's where I'm going to be
letting you know and if you have
questions for me I you I'm not really
gonna respond to them on Instagram
because it's hard I don't feel like it's
as easy or convenient as Twitter and I
have not been if I've never wanted to
get on Twitter but I just made one
because people asked and it is a much
easier way for me to communicate so if
you want to communicate with me it's
gonna be on Twitter so that's that thank
you guys for watching this video I hope
it wasn't too lame I will see you on
Friday's vlog and I will have four weeks
when you see me next week for my update
okay love you bye
okay I don't feel like I can put music
to this thing because it's like this
video oh no no it's all over the place
so I'm just gonna show you my belly here
and the front view and a little
rub-a-dub-dub and another side view and
I still have basketball shorts on there
Jules
and because I just couldn't bring myself
to putting pants on so there you have it
there's my baby shot I'll see you guys
later bye
