hi mom how was your night not good why
Bonnie did not feel good at all last
night she was throwing up she was sick
she was doing just miserable
last night so we let her sleep in
tonight
I know Olivia looks scared cuz we wasn't
hungry she's been so she she came in and
put her arm around me and she's like I
love you mommy
mmm mother good Olivia I love you too
Weston kids have been dying to go
outside and I think Cody just went
outside yes I was really sick honey
hopefully I wasn't mad ox hmm the thing
that is the craziest to me is Olivia
like ate half of Bonnie salmon Olivia
wouldn't touch my turkey steak a totally
normal meal but salmon she just wouldn't
stop eating it huh the one thing that
did make my night better I guess if if
you need something you just complain
about not having it because everyone was
like take Ali's body pillow take Ali's
body pillow and I knew that she was
using it with Calvin for a while but she
called and said hey I'm not using it
anymore please come take a I was like
okay so I like drove over right then got
her body pillow and it has made a big
difference it's been really nice to just
have this big huge pillow olivia was
like what's that can I get in with you
it's like having a third person in the
bed that's for sure there's not room for
the three of us I'm always like yeah
this is this is my area right here no
that's not true
that's much I have sprawled out this
morning that's not true
mommy's body yasya lydia confirmed it
looks fat you want to snack okay well I
got out of bed and I'm not gonna say
that I'm feeling better because I'm
super nauseous I just this morning I can
see it in my face I'm super puffy and I
just don't feel good I'm a little shaky
like I just really just I'm still kind
of feeling sick from us oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah
Oh sack he's like I don't care what
you're feeling like give me a snack but
I am I'm gonna put a little mascara on
and just try to get a little bit ready
so that hopefully I feel better my mom
growing up always said whenever we
didn't feel good she would tell us go
get ready and you'll feel better look
throw some crackers want some crackers
oh sandy did you hear that he said no at
first then he goes s closing and
crackers Hey mm-hmm
oh I pretended to cry I pretended to cry
so he gave me a kiss I've groomed him
well um he's saying yes for things it's
not his yeses art always knows sometimes
they are but cookies are you gonna find
some in there get them what did you find
hey are those yummy what do you think
what did you say but perfect
that was not prompted I just turned the
camera on her sitting there laying
together all shook elevating move did
you feel my baby move it just kicked
right on you he just kicked right on you
oh that was crazy
I mean Olivia just sitting here she is
truly my little companion she I don't
know where she like she's so sweet to me
she's so caring to me and all your
scorching me you're squishing me but you
can't do that you can't do that like
even laughing right now I'm like why
still it hurt so bad anyway hey how come
you're in your swimsuit because I'm
going to a baptism and then ankle-deep
first I am going to a birthday pie
birthday party and then we're gonna play
swimming games yes you mean like a water
games yes that's what I mean and then
you have a little baptism you're going
to yeah so you kind of have a busy day
and my day is just it right here yeah
all right thank you
Naomi thank you for being so sweet to me
you don't I love you here I'll sit here
sit up put your hands right here and you
tell me if you can feel the baby move
your hand right here
Hey mm-hmm
I feel that did you feel that
what can you still feel it keep your
hands there I can feel it like pushing
me like there thriller can you for that
I can feel that oh did you feel that yes
those are usual that was a huge one
oh is it just pushing like me I can feel
it okay hold just right I do feel it did
you get on this hand right here I am
pushing them see like I can I can see it
like right in here like he's got the
hiccups or something yep see
yep see oh I just sly again again again
again yeah do you see it yeah I think
can you put your head like right up here
where your where I'm seeing it I use a
bit less all your fingers go up well I
see I do Jimbo getting sick and being
miserable and yeah I'm getting puffy and
swollen and just it still worth it
you guys are worth it so my mom had a
really really rough night she could not
even go sleep she was sick she she was
crying maybe I don't know mm-hmm it was
bad I didn't even hear her hit me you
just heard about it great cake even her
and you do she's on a rent because it is
like past time to go we've been sitting
there watching baby move
you guys I just looked at the clock I
have no idea where my whole entire day
went I had a neighbor come and she
randomly came over and got the kids and
had them come over for a play date which
I cannot I started crying she I she was
like can I just have the kids come over
for a playdate and I was like yeah sure
I shut the door and I just cried because
I was so grateful for her and so I
thought you know what I'm gonna take a
shower and so I had Boston go in for
quiet time and I got done with my shower
and I listened and he was still really
really quiet and so I filled the bathtub
took a bath watched a TV show on my iPad
and is still being quiet left in I hope
he didn't destroy them by the runny but
look how have you are everything looks
the same
happy what have you been doing for like
ever
what have you been playing with show me
what is that yes I love have a binky it
helps let me hear no I'll give it in two
minute what do you have well yes a binky
but what's this Cassie it's a cow what
is it cows a No what does a cow say Matt
say Moo Moo
I think your poopy are you put though oh
he just turned around for me to check is
them I don't need to check it to know
see this little red rash um every single
one of my babies has it it's a holy
mirth mark joel has it just brothers
have it and all even Olivia you know
clean kill Cody - yep Cody - Cody has it
- that's good kill and Boston has it - I
am like sweating up the storm because I
just got out of the
last time it was really hot in there but
it's bedtime right now and my kids are
still gone I had no clue that it was
this late
so me and Boston Wade we're gonna close
the vlog together come here come here
come give me hugs and kisses and then
we'll go get some dinner come here you
say good night everybody
Hey Hey put your hand down Sam good
night everybody
Emma it's okay MA
say say say bye grandma
thank you I miss you Sam I love you I'll
say good night Emma gamma say good night
Porter eight bucks a good night Kate
take it say good night Russell yes sir
say I love you
I'll say good night Jackson I get it
Jackson hmm okay go get mommy kiss again
Jackson donkey nothing and then get
under heavy heavy yeah okay Kimmy kiss
good night I love you hey hey can I have
a hug squeeze tight class squeeze tight
what Oh is my hair wet and you didn't
like that I'm sorry okay
one more kiss look you suck eyr look
aside you mad because he doesn't like
that my hair is but one more kiss mom I
guess okay oh you little jumper okay
officially we are saying goodnight thank
you guys so much for watching we'll see
you in our next video bye goodbye Hey
