what is all that noise and gear hey Cody
when you woke up this morning did you
know that we set your bunk beds up I
know I saw it
I know but laughs yeah last night when
you were sleeping did you know that we
were setting up your gear but I didn't
hear you are you really quiet 16 yes you
were laying there and you were asleep
when daddy got home from work and
listened was a gift to you did last
night when you were asleep
daddy came home from work can we quietly
set up your boat bed all fast no kind of
slow and I said and I heard is a plan do
you like it
look how cute it is ya know I heard a
bunch of bonking did you guys hit the
ceiling when you were down here what
Olivia Odin a fan or did she and I was
trying to open it but I didn't okay
we'll just leave it alone okay yeah so
last night we got all new mattresses new
mattress cover so if you guys pee pee
the bed
it's not gonna ruin the mattresses new
pillows but you know what I need to find
you bedding and I don't want to make it
to white pillow because this is a little
bed and only needs one pillow and this
is a big bed and it needs two pillows
Mona what I want to eat I'm kind of
hungry to get me three okay let's go eat
yes and I have the work you did last
night you were our biggest helper you
helped hold up poles when we needed you
to you took the plastic off the
mattresses you were such a good helper
okay let's go eat our breakfast what are
you doing Cody just hanging out do you
like your brother mm-hmm
Boston do you like Cody okay Cody get up
so you can have breakfast Barron people
he's in barest you have a milk mustache
you know what we have a bagel for you
and some milk
Boston is Mac banana banana Boston are
you kidding me no are you kidding me
ah me no I'm not kidding you let me see
your hands you have Olivia's lip gloss
all over you is that naughty yeah yeah
it's naughty that phone calls is that
I'm their bear fat its naughty and
cockles
oh that same naughty naughty by Boston
say naughty my we don't get into
Olivia's lip gloss go lay down and I'll
wash your hands and change your diaper
okay hurry okay hurry hurry run go lay
down
yes I'm not happy go lay down
hurry lay down get nice
yep that's garbage maybe I'm right there
ah
Boston lay down right there yeah yes
lay down
you might not get dressed
all day huh we're just gonna watch TV
and hang out in our jammies so we don't
have to read code what are you watching
cars yeah this is how our morning is
going to go and I am so excited because
we have had so much stuff going on for
so long and I feel like we haven't just
lounge and I think it's so important to
just lounge with the babies or what now
you're happy cuz I pulled the camera out
he's kind of in a hot mess I caught him
with the lip gloss and then the next
thing I found him with was a pair of
scissors
and he was cutting up his jammies and
anyway I just thought I'm just gonna lay
here and hold him and shop for sheets
I've been trying I'm sorry guys I've
been trying to find bedding for the bunk
beds and it's just kind of hard and I
don't want to go into town because I
probably won't find what I'm looking for
anyway so we're just gonna hang out
until we don't have to you want to come
up here to come here get up here get up
here
look come lay with me or just lay
awkwardly that's fine too
these kids have been playing in here all
morning yes I finally got dressed not
quite ready but they think this is like
amazing in here they're just playing
make-believe and guess what I think I
found the perfect bedding online they're
like I don't care
they should it's expensive bedding is
expensive if you want cute stuff you sit
there and you watch me cut Kody's hair
can you do that yeah okay you sit and
watch Cody and Mama okay okay mom so the
kids and I just woke up for my naps and
from quiet time and we need to get
haircuts done and then we're going to
probably fold some laundry and I didn't
want to record today because I felt oh I
not have anything like fun or
entertaining to record we're not going
to the splash pad I'm not doing any of
that kind of stuff and then I thought
you know that's like the kind of stuff
we do once a week twice a week something
you know but today is just kind of
catch-up day we're just being home or
just playing with each other we're
catching up on laundry cleaning our
toilets and mostly just sitting around
and hanging out and live in our lives
and so I thought you know maybe that
would be a good thing to record because
now those are the kind of days that I
like I like those kind of days and so
maybe I would record today Boston suka
anything with him
the picture a fish stubbornly Kalika
yeah you hear that maybe he could play
with the tuna fish and make towers
obviously I did this when you were three
that's what you did yeah can you tell
this is not the first time that we've
done this whoever is not getting their
hair cut sits right there because I
don't trust any of these kids out in the
house by themselves and so they sit on
the rug and play with tuna fish cans or
something we learned by experience is
that we do not play with the glass jars
of grape juice because I have had more
than three of those broken in here so
what is this you're making my dear daddy
Oh
stir it up Wow good job and you look as
handsome as ever
are we done okay you gotta wait for
Boston to get his hair cut and then
we'll take a bath okay but what about
what about you said play you can play
while Boston gets his hair cut
okay okay uh Monty use its tail to swing
a monkey a possum use its uses uses its
tail kick it wide to check
good ring the second we heart after
naptime it's been rough I am so ready
for bed and I think all I did was
because my axe just all we did today
after naptime you just yelled huh I'm
out did I yell a lot
yes but did you get your chores done
yeah yeah this bro
okay well we got to be soft we'll fix it
you kids say good night because you were
going to straight to bed after this can
I just say good night okay we love you
ale joel is finally home from work you
had a long day of work huh it was a very
long day was it good or was it slow was
it was busy it was busy it's busy and it
was so bad that I woke up this morning
and I put my shirt on backwards and if
you were had to tell me that when I was
checking out I'm really embarrassed but
it was 4:30 in the morning so it was
okay I put it on Instagram boom did you
yeah I think I have Indian food in my
teeth I was trying to get it outside um
yeah I put it on Instagram so if you
want to see it in the description I
think is my Instagram link it was so
early me do you want to go down and see
what the how the kids fell asleep yes I
do you okay and guess what we have in
the freezer for later
watch me ice cream there's something
else no no no salted caramel ice cream
oh just ice cream we have we have layer
cake - and layer cake
okay cake and ice cream we don't have
anything to watch though do we have
anything to watch you do yeah we have a
few vlogs we could catch up on I used to
think I used to think that my kids went
to bed so well
the older they've got of us they have
gotten now that they know how to open
doors and wake up
got a minute time
I told Cody he could not sleep on his
bunk beds because I need to get new
sheets crying off at first and so they
made their phone of course made him
sleep oh I bet she read him those books
and I can promise you that as a potty
training look right there and I can
promise you that Olivia picked that out
just for Cody Nobel and was like hey
Cody don't head okay I will put a
million dollars on it hmm
they made me so mad today yeah they're
so cute laying there sleeping there's
believed and Nestle let's go okay
this round I know it smells so good it
smells like new fresh bag fresh wood
mattresses uh why are you going I don't
want to keep following you the ice
creams upstairs I know that's why we
gather here and say good night this week
I did not have any extra videos maybe I
just got too tired because I put so many
up last week mm-hmm but it's the weekend
so have a good weekend
hmm got a good Friday Saturday and
Sunday mm-hmm
have a good weekend and we'll see you in
our next video hi guys sorry oh so sorry
I'm so sorry to interrupt
not a really nice time
you
