good morning you guys I am sitting
outside and this morning
my brother-in-law Jared G R as Boston
likes to call him actually he's starting
to call him Jared and I'm like don't
call him Jared you call him Jared it was
just so cute that it calls him Jer
anyway he's kind of stop doing that now
but he came and got Boston and he took
Boston and Jackson to the wiggle room
Olivia is at summer school so I am left
here with my little Cody Clark and he
all he wanted to do was come outside and
play in the water so I thought you know
instead of just sending him out there
and of course I wouldn't want him by
himself I was like I will sit out there
with you and I'll record while he plays
the second that I came out here though
the neighbors started weed eating and
then he mowed Aztlan I'm like uh I need
to record a video can you please stop
that sir they're finally done with their
yard work and so I'm going to record my
video this is my 34 week update and I am
getting up there I am getting up there
and my stomach is getting huge and heavy
my stomach is getting huge and heavy
it's becoming really hard for me to
sleep because my stomach lays so heavy
on the side I cannot breathe on my back
and so I asked myself every night I'm
like why haven't I gotten a body pillow
why haven't I gotten a body pillow I
think it's because every morning when I
wake up and like I only have a like now
I only have like a month I don't have
like a month two months left and it's
like I don't want to go buy a body
pillow for one month I don't know I
really should because I really need one
for the nighttime but I just figured
I'll drape my legs over Joel or I'll
find an extra pillow for between my legs
I don't know it's ridiculous it's a
vicious cycle that I put myself through
so earlier in the week I had a doctor's
appointment and it was my first
appointment that they were going to
check me because I was having so many
contractions and so Ellie volunteered to
come with me I was so excited to have
her there because Joel couldn't make it
to my appointment with me so I will
insert our
doctor visit here Elia I'm so glad that
you wanted to come with me to my
appointment today may be the last time
I'll ever be able to like I'm not moving
and you're done
I know we're here at my first like
appointment to check me so Joel couldn't
come today but Ellie volunteered to come
with me she is the best so I mean I'm
just really glad that she's here with me
to support me oh my god hi guys oh my
god like another lie I feel oh yes big
time why I should not do that
pigby good there we go if I hold you
guys better how many how many suckers is
it okay if they each have to sure
there's two kids out of it member what
colors no we're really tight shit uh-huh
so no just blood pressure okay thank you
yeah sure okay you
yeah last time good job
now go P that way yeah the baby's been
moving a ton but um the contraction to
calm down but he was going to check me
last turn but I wasn't ready for it so
he said that we'll check me today even
though I know it's the girl that's gonna
be here okay but you're not having a lot
of contractions currently um they calm
down I still have them that they've
calmed down my ass okay but I want to
see just to see do you know I mean all
right oh you want me to stand in the
corner while you undress here's looking
something fuck me and Don you fine
nevermind can't get our dress you see my
mom no what oh good
Gary why is that so fab you can drop
make sure we're not gonna filming touch
it
lots of pressure deep breath oh where
you go so bad about oh I'm just doing a
kind you're surfing there hey
so maybe a fingertip so maybe not even
the one oh okay okay um so baby's head
down really hearts is that pretty normal
for the head to be dead already
yes okay um I'm going to say like twenty
percent effaced okay okay so just what
we would expect with this pregnancy
opening at this time in the pregnancy
shall we okay good you're standing here
now about to close it really yes
seriously yeah and give her the ants
everywhere
oh where I don't see him uh just kind of
around yeah they're kind of around
what's got here Rick oh my gosh okay
Haley here sweetie
I'm sorry yes Andy go kiddo take it out
it's okay were you happy when they
brought you your suckers I told him to
bring you two okay welcome better I
thought for sure I was going to be
dilated more but for me being dilated to
a one seven weeks out that's kind of a
big deal because with all three and my
other ones
I didn't dilate with Olivia I had to go
in I wasn't even at a1 when I went into
the hospital and they induced me and so
that was crazy and with boss Cody with
Cody I think I was dilated maybe to a 1
when I went in to be induced and then
with Boston I honestly can't remember I
may have been at a 1 possibly a 2 a week
before so I don't dilate so being seven
weeks out
being in a one that's a big deal so I
think I'm going to progress well on my
own and I'm praying I really would like
to go natural not natural
I'm not going natural I am having an
epidural and not just for the actual
delivery portion of it is I have really
really bad after pains and they have
only gotten worse with each kid that
I've had and so for me the epidural the
most important role that it plays is the
after portion like right after and so
yes I'll be having an epidural but I
hope that I will be able to go into
labor on my own I'm not going to
schedule an induction a week before
which I usually do and that works up
good for me I respect those that don't
be induced and I also respect those that
do be induced and so I hope that
everyone is really respectful of
decisions because I know people are
really opinionated and they think one
way and and that's okay you can think
that way but that's how I do things and
that's how I like to do things so I'm
hoping that I can hold out and just go
into labor on my own because I would
really love to experience that that is
it for this update I just really hope
that you guys know how much I appreciate
your comments and how much I appreciate
you watching these videos and supporting
me I feel like you guys are my friends
and I feel like we're going on this
together and I really do feel support
from you so I can't wait to share the
Labor part with you I am I'm really
excited for the delivery I hope I can do
a good job when I edit the video um Jer
Jer he really set the bar high with his
um birth video I think I've already said
that before but I hope that I can
capture some really good moments and
even just the birth itself and even if
it's not this whole production I think
that it's going to be amazing to have on
film and I can't wait to share that with
you guys I'm still working on the name
lay off of me I'm trying to figure out a
name we're really thinking about Lincoln
everyone really like that in the last
video so I just don't know I don't know
don't ask me because you know oh
I'll let you know when I know I love you
guys have a good week and I'll see you
in my next video bye
are you kidding me I'm standing here
spray-painting and I look down and I'm
standing in a flippin ant pile I don't
know if there's anything that I hate
more than ants keep it moving you don't
want to see them all keep going you got
to keep it moving you can't spray in one
spot keep moving that is so great all
this little guy has wanted to do is I
want to help scrape anyone help spray
paint we're pretty well done I don't
think he's really getting much and I
figure I didn't really do the bottom
very well so if you can do that part
okay let's move to a different spot go
forward more okay what do you spray
painting yes are you excited pick this
bad boy up for 50 bucks on ksl okay
let's go sit down let's go you go play
in the water and I'm going to record a
video okay maybe we'll come back and do
more in a minute okay
don't touch the rails dorchester else
because those ones are wet put it on the
ground
sure don't touch be really careful good
thing you're tiny okay you playing your
pool and I'm going to record a video
okay okay well maybe we do a church how
I get that close out well first can you
explain to me how I'm supposed to fill
up a water balloon no Xplode no
explanation you were telling me this
whole elaborate thing on how to fill up
water balloons yeah you push this lever
down and I don't want to shoot all the
way follow
how's it feel like Laos Oh like those
ones up there
oh my go the pokes ones okay the big
folks ones yeah I might really hot or
like now it or them but if I push really
hard what do you think will happen if
should really know with the water
balloon Oh pop so I gotta got to be
careful yeah so you just gotta get that
much one okay bring me the water bonds
and I'll help you out
mommy you're the sailor and I'm the
silver okay you got it
yep no oh sorry
oh I want it little oh shoot sorry
that's okay when you get another one
make sure I say stop and you stop okay
well it's hard to tie these with long
nails I know that's why you have to team
up
oh did a pop yeah sure yeah thank you
well we've got a handful of them in
there you gotta stop popping and we're
not gonna have any when Olivia gets home
yeah shoot there's not that many well
two more we don't have very many
hey how about I be this prayer a night
my room
okay I think I'm gonna help you oh yeah
I mean help
