good morning you guys today is the 4th
of July I am so excited Joel will be
home shortly and as soon as he does I
have all of our bags packed because we
are going out of town and we are going
to stay in a hotel and that's basically
what we're going to be doing today we're
going to go down swim in the water watch
some fireworks and so it's kind of been
a lazy morning the kids have been
watching TV all morning
haven't you guys oh my word can we have
our stuff packed Olivia thinks that
we're bringing all of her little toys
but and I I know we're going to be going
swimming and I don't really know what to
do with my hair and so I called Ellie
I'm like uh you know those really cute
braids you always have your hair in like
will you just braid my hair please so
we're gonna go over and she's gonna
braid my hair for me so I'm gonna start
like right here is that okay mm-hmm okay
so I lift my fingers I'm Ted well yeah
if you need to get a wetter I'll just
yeah it's like a frizzy mess like well
you don't have to lick your fingers but
okay we should go out but yeah oh I hope
I hope something if it doesn't turn out
I don't really care because all we're
doing is going something doesn't Ellie
look so pretty today guys I look so
pretty for staying home haha I think
you'll have a fun day so I yesterday I
enjoyed it too
good no Ellie it's beautiful javi huh
guys I'm like no don't feel actually
it's an acute I think it's just perfect
for today thinking like you're welcome
thing going
what are you doing I am sweeping my
floor so I don't come home to either
pass or just a nasty floor and it's
funny every time you leave the house I
like to leave it a little bit picked up
uh because I hate coming home to a dirty
house and my dad T's is my mom
anytime we're going anywhere he's like
what are you gonna do waxing buff the
floors before we go and she's like yeah
if I have time I probably would but it's
just I don't know it's just habit and I
just I hate coming home to like a dirty
house do you know I mean hmm anyway
showing your new outfit oh these old
digs new shirt new pants old shoes I
hold half well I think I look cute -
it's not worth of July themed but not
okay well it's really summery themed but
it's fun hey for you already do you have
all this kid stuff in the car yep and
the kids they're happy hey everybody
raise your hands go to Olivia raise your
hands just raise him in the air so I can
see him you got a show hey what are you
doing Cody lift your arm up behind you
just raise your hand up
apparently that's just too much for
coated handle
put flip-flops are you wearing sweetie
let's find you some flip-flops ok ok sit
down I get you see Bob on so I get you
see bailed on all the way
you done yet yeah you ready to buff and
wax the floor now I don't know what kind
of time frame you think we're on I'm
sweating now my upper lip is Swain
you're still recording me Boston say day
go to bed oh the same day
say pig thank you say wait
say dougie cakey
hey cat
thank you
thank you
damn
pony play
the unicorn
the Yuna see
thank you
see you know Boston you want to go to
that critical bed bed
then a whole bed
baby
is it Cooper right
he's a really good for fun
this place is stinking cute I like it
Cody should we get our swimsuits on and
go swimming oh you love daddy why aren't
you home on Nezzer smell good Oh what
are you gonna you have to thank you
clean your neck in there I can learn
what yeah the couch is super cure yep
kids are gonna sleep there they ran out
of queen beds so that's all right and
they have a little pack and play for
Boston that's cool their own back boys
yeah I know
I call them like I'm not ringing one if
you run out I'm gonna be mad oh you're
going to masculine no I just got passed
not that way Boston this way she got in
the hotel room they were like same thing
huh oh this is heavy
oh my gosh take a look at things a
little so Boston look we're gonna go
this way no that's not this place this
way
Boston's going the right way very
chaotic but how do we get there right
here that's right here this way Boston
come here stop pushing every button look
look what I found guys just look we
can't well I got this magic key
there you go what's your Toni Olivia you
are such a scaredy cat of the water
right
look at Cody I am so proud of you for
not being scared of the water
it's amazing to me when I watch these
little kids swim there's so many little
kids and just going to water open their
eyes and smile and like they're just not
even scared
there's just something we've never done
with our kids we've never liked putting
in the water before you know so I don't
know maybe we'll have to put in swim
lessons or something because they're
like terrified in the water party
champion so nervous you just watch my
camera yeah yeah okay okay you know what
I'm putting the camera down I'm making
you kids get in this water
there's too much of a little fraidy cat
I keep having to no longer to stop
squeezing my baby with her legs it's
like a deaf book I'm like okay I'm gonna
throw in the water if you do that again
Cody you're doing so good
No what do you want to do when we go get
dressed for the fireworks tonight what
did you she was upset because I forgot
to paint her nails which ever did we
forget all right
they're blank but she who wear red
lipstick to live long huh
what that's our favorite thing to wear
is red lipstick on the fourth of July
go colonies go Connie
go honey oh she's chicken now this feels
amazing to be in the water and to be
able to move the way I usually can't
move like I'm jumping in the water and
just the way just that movement on
like moving my hands like feels so good
because I can't move that way outside of
the water and my stomach feels so right
it feels amazing I can't even tell you I
don't want to get out of the water
I would rather miss the fireworks and
stay all night careful careful careful
Boston this is the windiest fourth of
July we've ever had but at least it's
not hot this is what we do while we wait
for fireworks I keep expecting you to
throw them actually their matching
outfits their matching outfits still me
thinking about men oh did he hit your
lip are you okay
that's all right now I look like Cody I
was gonna say at least it won't look as
bad as Cody's oh crap oh shoot it's all
fun and games till somebody gets hurt
and of course it's Cody that's crying if
anyone else got hit they go I'm okay
Cody's just
okay I don't know if you can see me
because it's really dark we're getting
ready to you can see everyone's like
lights out here we're getting ready to
fireworks almost ready to start and I
just ran into a viewer and she is the
sweetest person I think I've ever met
hands down it just makes me feel like I
love people that watch our videos
because she's the sweetest lady and she
knows she knows my Aunt Linda she's
worked with her so she kind of like
knows our family so it kind of made it a
little bit more personable yeah is there
like I was really nervous I'm super
scared and I got read and I so that it
was fun yes it was finally I'm really
glad I am I don't really want to close
the vlog in the car I was planning on
going back to the hotel room but I don't
think that I want to waste one second
when we get back to the hotel room I'm
getting these kids to bed we're now
participating in the most fun part of
fireworks and it's waiting in line very
slowly trying to get out of traffic this
is the reason I come it's actually been
a lot of fun
um I'm not kidding meeting that viewer
completely turned my night around
complete not even turned it around
because it was a really good night but
she started with infertility and she was
talking to me about how watching me and
Ellie she feels like we're her friends
and I don't know I felt so touched
talking with her and I just thought it
really just brought home that the
viewers that watch us feel invested in
us and they
it truly gets something from watching us
and maybe that's not the case for
everybody maybe it's just because you're
born or something to watch but and I
don't know I just held my kids a little
bit more meaningfully if that makes
sense
when we were watching the fireworks I
enjoyed having the a half we enjoyed
having Cody stood on my lap because he
was squashing my tummy and it was a
little bit painful but he could feel the
baby kicking him while he was laying on
me and I was plugging Cody's years he
kind of had a little bit of a hard time
watching the fireworks huh his poor
puffy eyes he was crying pretty good
because the UM the fireworks hurt your
ears don't they dolly yep yeah but you
guys had fun Olivia and blast and did
you like the fireworks Direct fireworks
yep thanks fireworks
wha happy fourth of July
happy fourth of July this is Monday for
everybody so I hope everybody gets
through this week for they're not
struggling too much after that weekend
but this goes up on Monday so yeah good
start of the week so have a good have a
good start to your week we love you guys
thank you for your comments your support
and we'll see you in our next video do
not have a case of the Mondays but
really really nice time
you
