good morning you guys it is the fourth
of July I hope everybody has some fun
plans that they're doing if this does
not say happy fourth of July I don't
know what does I don't know what does so
this week um life kind of hit our family
hard and pregnancy hit hard and so we
are going to do what any responsible
reliable adult couples do we're gonna
pretend like nothing is going on we
never have so we are going to pack up
our swim stuff and we're gonna go to
Bear Lake I have been wanting to go to
Bear Lake all summer all summer and I
thought you know what
it's gonna be hot it's gonna be kind of
hard but we're gonna go right we're
gonna have fun we're gonna have fun
actually I am very excited yeah yeah and
just let the kids play huh yeah oh you
are such a pouty little boy how come
you're mad speak up so I can hear you
how come you're mad I don't want to
scare you want to watch stitch but Dad
couldn't find us so we put a different
with my side oh you did yeah oh my H
puts stitch on dad sorry How to Train
Your Dragon
you are the most powdi slit avoid late
Li and you know what I bet you're gonna
have a lot of fun today Oh Cheers
ahh should we bring your kit lawn chairs
with us yeah can't cheer okay are you
gonna be pouty when we go yeah okay look
at me is it far away a little bit a
little bit we have to drive through a
canyon and it's not a fun Canyon this is
a canyon that I don't love driving
because it's kind of kind of scary thank
you for doing what I physically cannot
do myself what you can't bend over no
what's it your way try trying to get
ready to get in a swimsuit that was
difficult seriously thank you for
helping me because I need help can you
see the camera shaking just a little bit
I'm like trying to hold the camera as
still as possible but I haven't eaten
yet and so I'm like shaky and I just
need to eat but I don't want to eat
until we get up there because the food
there is so good
I imagine you just little snackers yeah
get your song there's some nutria snacks
some pasta do not go outside I see you
you little stinker hey Boston close the
door
Boston I'm looking at you close the door
you're standing still cuz you're
listening look at mommy
what's your clothes oh you little turd
nugget Boston Wade look at mom close
that door
hey good job it is
there she goes
and all my babies are asleep except
Olivia hey doll
you
you
you
I
what are you in a hot water bath kind of
gross but at least it feels good
yeah I saw you out there swimming you're
bright boy yeah oh he did did he fix it
for you yeah that's excellent and you
did it I can't believe how fun this is
out here can you yeah
King say your fins warm yes I can feel
my feet warm yes I can no I don't think
I want to lay my tummy in it you just
enjoy it okay honey what'd you find
she we see little black shield oh my
gosh sure you wash she stones in my
panda bear who did this I love I love
you I know don't do you think ulema can
get him my bad
yes I'll go tell her that you want her
you
you
what happened to that day hope what
happened who broke it uncle
chef he kept telling me Jackson broken
who broke that I did Jackson break it I
have no idea if Jackson really did break
it it's not even broken
it's a havenbrook but he keeps telling
me Jackson broke it hey mom what Jackson
like oh yeah
dark Jackson believed it on him he's not
around anywhere we go Olivia finds
friends anywhere I mean I mean anywhere
we go she finds friends she tells him
her name and she says do you want to be
my friend and she makes friends
everywhere she goes
but easy with 16-inch biceps oh my gosh
shake choking are you sure select okay
now give me kisses get only one kiss
no I can get what do you think Boston
daddy wants a kiss Boston daddy wants
kiss just nice
well we just got told that we need to
move our suburban so I think what we're
gonna do and we've been here a while I
think the babies are spent so I think
we're going to close our vlog here
I think today's been relaxing I don't
think it's been too stressful I was kind
of worried that would be stressful for
you but it really hasn't been loving it
yeah but you're so welcome
yes and Jarrod you're always so good to
be back I know back yard up the canyon
Oh fun see you next week here bye oh I
know time next week next day off okay so
again happy fourth of July I hope
everybody is safe and we'll see you guys
in our next video bye I had a really
nice time
