is this how we roll good morning Boston
you've been watching shows all morning
while I clean and do dishes and hang out
you're such a good boy
yes you are you're such a good boy thank
you yes drooling on my bed are ya I
think that's is like I think that's his
20th smarty it's okay he's been good for
me all morning good morning
we today joel is at work he's going to
be at work all day long and the kids are
playing at the neighbors because the
grandma grandpa next door they and all
the grandkids are over and so they're
just kind of hanging out over there and
so today me and my friend cami we she's
out doing some errands but we walked
around our photo shoot all day yesterday
without our shoes on and we both are in
very much need of a pedicure so we have
someone watching the kids and we're
going to go get a pedicure today and I'm
pretty darn excited did I already say
this joel is going to be at work all day
um we are here getting our toes done and
this is the second time me and cami have
come here and you are so lucky to be
here huh she's gonna get her toes
painted huh yep fourth of July
who work yep we all want to get
fourth-of-july toes and seriously after
walking around yesterday without our
shoes on we needed to get our pedicures
done so we are going to relax and this
is the best salon I used to work for the
for Kimmy the owns the salon and she is
the cutest and she runs a very lovely
salon here so much needed yes much
needed
well I kind of filmed you a little bit
sleepy yeah gold
the three in the pre grade on this one
Nucky oh did you catch all that you may
have but you waited so patiently while
we had our pedicure didn't you you did
so good see you on pink on your big toes
so I'm so pink that camp that is the
brightest pink I've ever seen in my life
I think he added a little well there's
plenty of colors to choose from mine are
yes like a cute Lausanne I don't they're
cute I think she did a good job
yep that is put two bright pink ready on
the pink on the other foot okay they're
gonna be so cute
are you excited over yet definitely go
oh yeah very particular whenever I try
to paint her nails it's like frustration
I just get so frustrated I'm like let me
just do it baby
can't do I come
what honey you wanted to match my toes
so you got polka dot
okay let's see the final let's see are
they actually considering the colors
that you put together these actually
look really cute and I think camis are
my favorite I think they did a good job
and then mine after five yes they had to
race her
starlight ever like two times we were
like oh can we go no is so much pain -
my legs were like all strapping Olivia
are you glad that you got to come you
were so fun to have there thanks for
coming
she was good she was really good I said
she was like yeah we were there for
almost two hours
wanted one oh what a lose candy Oh her
candy necklace do you know what I have
some leftover treats in my purse do you
want one yeah are you gonna take that
pouty look off your face
hey hey there we go okay I'll get you
guys a treat and then you can play in
the backyard I don't work the backyard
Wow there's that pouty face again what
do you want to do Stan take luxury hey
can you not have a howdy face maybe
we'll give you a nice happy face don't
get to treat we'll watch monster here's
a turd drop me something did you have
fun playing the neighbors on meet Olivia
went and got our toaster did you what
did you play
a movie uh firm I swear
now black every honest you had fun play
into didn't chef God's got their
daughters crying first I know that's
what she told me he cried look so we are
all just cooling off down here in the
basement because it is hot outside the
kids I wanted to play outside but it's
kind of too hot and they were all
getting beady red in the face so we're
just hanging out down here playing
watching a movie
enjoying our air conditioning aren't we
you move can't cool empty house it in a
minute can I go back to his house yeah
soon we are just pulling up to uncle
Jeffrey's home there he is
move in we got all the kids in the car
well Olivia and Cody bonnie has been
having I think the hardest time with
this pregnancy that's probably really
loud
probably hardest time with this
pregnancy that any other one that she's
ever had it's just it's physically and
emotionally just drained her and and so
uncle Jared and Ellie were so sweet last
night and came and took Olivia and Cody
in Boston for the day and so they spend
the night over there they had a really
nice time but now we got to put the kids
to work and get some work done around
here
and I've got the kids they still have
Boston though and this way we can help
uncle Jeff out and we can help Mom out
and
and Thank You Ellie and Jared and now
we're going to go
hopefully not break our backs huh are
you gonna play what was what was the
funnest part about being a funcle'
funcle' landon her uncle Ellie and uncle
and aunt Ellie and uncle Jared's house
watching movies swimming playing video
games Uncle Jared what was your favorite
part Jack Oh
Cody we have their Harborough wheels
yeah and you got bug juice and starburst
what did you get Cody there rattlesnakes
gummy rattlesnakes those are scary for
Dad but it's time to get to work yeah
hopefully Bonnie feels better and we'll
see you oh hi mama how you doing
oh good we're just trying to cool off we
just got that from Ellie and Jared we
let the kids swim and we had dinner and
then them don't
ah get that in your mouth I will not let
you have that in here if you're going to
spill it
soon well we had dinner at La insurance
and then we bathed all the kids and I
cannot stop sweating um I having Ellie
and Jared take the kids was so needed
it's not even funny I just couldn't even
tell them thank you enough but we got
all the kids bathed and I just I haven't
stopped sweating I swear I'm gonna like
break the air conditioner because I have
it so cold in the house and I'm still so
hot all the time sidenote I have fixed
the air conditioner twice this summer
already thanks Mike and I go to bed with
like sweatpants and a hoodie on because
I'm freezing like I just I can't get
warm so that's keeping it cold and when
I sleep I sleep on top of the sheets
when Ellie came over remember to say hi
I was sitting
in my chair that I'm always in in my
underwear Justin listen to her like
light better like a beached whale like
ah and she was like are you okay and of
course I'm like oh no the cakes she's
like let me take the kids I'm like no
okay let me go get their jammies but um
I think the planner for the rest of the
night is to eat like 500 more otter pops
oh when the reason Cody Boyd is awake is
because he fell asleep in the car and
then we brought him into Ellie's hasta
me just slept so he's gonna hang out
with us for a little bit huh he's gonna
be up till 10 o'clock I'm sure mom so
that's what we're gonna do yeah okay all
right hey we'll see you guys later
thanks for watching we'll see you guys
and as always I had a really nice time
