Oh Romy knew that one yeah hey Boston
hey what are you doing
guy yeah Cody what are we doing oh don't
forget your hat coat oh we are oh that's
really bad it's really sunny I don't
know what's better we are here we got to
get some chores done today it's my day
off so those are busier than usual
workdays for some reason but we got to
get the car inspected and we got to get
the oil changed and grocery shop for in
the lawn mowed and like a million other
things and we have most importantly we
have family pictures tonight well
maternity pictures for Vaughn and we're
going to take a few family pictures
while we're at it so it should be a fun
night and we got to go in the store at a
really really slow pace cuz Boston's
really really fast huh okay come on
let's go well we're done with lunch or
the car actually past safety this
thing's almost 20 years old
two hundred thousand miles it's been
rebuilt like five times Boston you get
in your car seat stop running around get
in your car seat hey YouTube mister
so we're off to the next chore Oh
the Needham jewellery clock pretty cool
huh
hey Boston
hey-ya the clock I don't he's looking
way away from it but
that's okay come on hey
look at him ride
guy
oh god that's so nice you holding the
door for us okay come on
thanks sure this is where we register
our cars huh I just went to the
registers office to register my car and
the new suburban and there's a paperwork
I still got fill out hey Boston whoa
whoa oh thank you
blue right still no right stay by dad so
we got a run home get paperwork get a
signed I gotta go to the sheriff's
office I didn't know buying a car
out-of-state was a little tricky but
nothing big anyway and then we got to
keep running errands and do all of our
work and I just got to chase these guys
around for the day so that bonnie has a
day off too
no we're going to the car oh look
there's a cop car park right next to our
car come on come on go see the cop car
come on busted let's go see the cop car
Nick
I don't know how to do it they just run
everywhere everything anywhere they go
they just run just talk to me
oh I'll just run I'll just run it's good
maybe they'll take good naps today Cordy
what you waiting for
well yep
just keep pushing it makes it go faster
I promise keep going it's coming hold on
we gotta wait look oh it's coming it's
coming
oh that's it that's ready okay
Boston going okay Boston Worcester
come on push push number two oh yeah
okay yeah
ready
Boston where do you want to go what do
you want to go oh okay yeah the toy
aisle say it again say toy aisle Boston
Boston Boston
hey or do you want to go da door hey hey
aya fonts picking up other groceries and
other stuff so we found of the toys code
what's fine engine Turtles girls engine
turtles gaga yeah and that's about how
it goes when I leave
well good morning you guys I know joel
has been out running errands and me and
my little buddy
we have been at the house cleaning up
and getting showers and that kind of
stuff
we just got back from getting the oil
change in the car and I think we are all
ready for a nap we are all ready for a
nap these two I don't love when they
take naps because then they stay up till
10 o'clock at night so I brought you
down fruit snacks and you're going to
Olivia sit up so you guys are going to
have quiet time and you're going to
watch a movie and I brought you a fruit
snack for you and a fruit snack for you
and I'm going to turn this off so they
will actually talk to me for two seconds
what movie are you watching right now I
want you guys to have quiet time and you
play quietly down here when your movie
is over and when or you can nothing you
guys I don't even care as long as
they're quiet I seriously don't even
care so these guys are going to take a
little quiet time and they're pretty
good about it okay love you see you
daddy carries what oh okay
you see oh so joel is putting Boston
down for his nap and seriously I'm
taking it out and I'm making Joel taken
up too sometimes you'd rather just work
work work
he needs to nap
you're faking it you're faking it you're
not really asleep hey Boston are you
asleep oh he is such a faker okay it's
time to go night-night
come lay down
you stay in your crib that's always a
good sign when he puts his hands behind
his head like that
okay I know I love you so why I asked my
mom if I could go outside if I could
record my first little video and um so
um Oh today's a little hot day guys and
uh it's my first little time recording
my first own video grando's and um so i
I've never recorded my first little
video and take Boston is so cute I keep
you you can't see them but right there
and um so um sorry I just you try and as
you can see my baby brother is are you
in Boston be easy as you can see I made
watches so are you and Cody trying to
stop like this night
ah so is my first time thing that my
grandma's thirst last weekend yeah this
first day at church yeah and I gonna see
you did yep so we I got a thing to show
you guys that we have been doing for our
whole heart here is our garden we have
tomatoes as you can see these are the
tomatoes and why I want to just do this
is because it was my first time
recording and so today we're getting
pictures today and it is a very good day
and I'm gonna go find out my form is
doing
what are you doing so she is doing her
makeup to get her pictures done cuz it's
her time doing her pictures and as you
can see I made her a watch I painted my
nails as you can see I pay my new see
this sparkle
you said you've been working really hard
I don't know if she's going to stay
honey well kind of can you give her a
little push a soft one well that's a
good idea
tape her in good code you bring you a
popsicle you know what honey it's okay
yeah I record mommy no this is mommy
tangible chord uh yeah
ah dance Oh shucks see oh you know what
guys it's pretty hot I think we should
clean up our stuff and go inside I
should I just got done cleaning the
windows and Joel just got done reading
and it is too hot to be out here I think
we're gonna go in that's perfect buddy
okay give her a push let's see if it
works
oh you did good little mama good job get
those put in the garbage grab this stuff
put it in the garbage channel pop oh you
know the popsicle and we're going to go
inside because because it's too hot to
be out
what you doing bad
can you hear daddy bogey their family
pictures are maternity pictures with the
family with family hi Boston hey kid
hi bud okay they love you mom I'm gonna
miss you I miss you there police every
day you look so handsome you're all
definitely got more teeth miss you
grandpa
refresh your teeth yep she's pretty
dressed we're done with our photo shoot
and I hate photo shoots I hate family
pictures I hate it we got there and
she's like Kay like start posing and
stuff and I immediately was just like oh
I'm like I can't do this
but luckily candy is a really good
photographer and she really helped me
through it she's like I'm gonna give you
some space yes and we got through it
Olivia did pee her pants there was
another little issue Photoshop and uh
let's see there's none of that I think
we got some good pictures though I know
we did there's some really cute pictures
and that makes it worth it so we ordered
some food from tandoori oven little
Indian food yes it is and we are going
to edit pictures and that's about it
thank you guys for watching and we'll
see you in our next video
okay I really next time
