this week I am turning 33 weeks pregnant
and like promised here is the baby daddy
he's going to be answering some
questions for you that you guys left for
me a couple videos ago and they were
good questions I'm excited to see his
answers I wrote down all the questions
and I just kind of wanted to get his off
the top of his head answers I don't know
the questions so I wrote them all down
and I will be asking them to him but
before we start with that I wanted to
update you on my last phone call I guess
you could say I did the glucose test and
it came back borderline which it was
borderline for me with my last pregnancy
and Boston was almost nine pounds the
doctor told me to stay away from carbs
and so I'm going to try to modify my
diet a little bit to see if we can't
control it through diet versus like
medication or something and he thinks
that I should be good so we'll see what
he says next week when I go in the first
question that you guys asked for the
baby daddy is what's your biggest fear
with labor oh I I think it's everybody's
fear with labor is just something
possibly going wrong I mean we've seen
the babies struggle a little bit at
birth but I'm scared a lot if if if
Bonnie got hurt like it and we're done
okay next question how have you handled
having your family on show to the world
and losing your privacy oh man well I
always that one doesn't really relate to
baby but that's okay I'll ask it anyway
um I think it's funs
like I I guess I don't even like realize
other people watch this I mean you do
but you don't
mostly it's just like man we got some
really cool family videos the bonnie
makes but at the end of the day Bonnie
can edit personal things and that was my
answer is you see parts of us but
there's so like
just hey so I don't feel like I've lost
privacy because the only thing that you
see is what I put out there for you to
see so I don't feel like we've really
lost privacy with that okay so what is
okay this question had like 30 thumbs up
in a couple comments after it so what's
pregnant Bonnie really like though and
you can be honest okay
oh I mean honestly pregnant Bonnie is um
it's not easy it's it's not easy I was
really worried this pregnancy she'd have
um carpal tunnel carpal tunnel like she
did really bad last time and she hasn't
yet so that's good
pregnant bonnie is still a trouper she's
willing to do anything and if I don't
volunteer an option to to get out of
something like oh this sounds like a lot
of work for bond she'll still just do it
and she'll just tough through it I've
seen her just come I think she's being
nice and always know that that's the
truth I I firmly believe that um okay I
didn't write down okay so people wanted
to know do you have you dealt with mood
swings but I don't have any mood swings
just bonnie bonnie doesn't really have
mood swings now her mood is very it is
not it is not up or down it's it's
pretty you know what you're going into
on the mood I think he is literally just
trying to be nice because I'm angry as a
bear it doesn't mean she's not Audrey
what do they wanna know there's another
juicy stuff okay
bon bon II can be ornery as a bear like
a Bearcat for exact term but but it's
not it doesn't swing it doesn't go like
no I'm not I'm not easy to another so
it's not swinging it's just if you're
not happy you're not happy that's okay
what are you most looking forward to
doing with your boys as they get bigger
no scouts I think Scout I really want to
do a lot of scouts I was raised in
scouts I think that would be fun I think
taking them camping and fishing and
stuff that I wish I'm gonna take it up
as a hobby
huh I mean we're wheeling okay that's
okay
and shooting lots of shooting we do lots
of shooting informally I think he's
nervous or something cuz I'm like uh you
don't fish i Bischoff I want to have you
had to make any last minute trips for
Bonnie to suffice any cravings mm-hm
sometimes yeah bond sometimes will have
us to be craving us like a cherry coke
or something and we've that's that's not
even like oh I gotta go get us a treat
well it's so hard no like I think I kind
of push her over the edge like do you
want something good see my answer would
have been every night because every
night I'm like oh we need something we
need something I need something what are
the best and worst parts of having
Bonnie pregnant oh the worst parts are
trying to let Bonnie know like how
pretty she really looks that's not like
I think any pregnant woman they don't
feel comfortable they don't feel happy
with how they look they don't feel they
don't feel like they're sexy or that
they're pretty either I feel like
they're not the worst but realistically
like pregnant women are pretty Bonnie's
beautiful Bonnie I told her the other
day she's just I'm kind of enjoying her
being bigger it's okay loving it I'm
loving it I'm absolutely loving it thank
you
not really um that's the best what I I
don't know if that's your answer that is
your answer did you say a best and worst
part it was the worst part okay well
what's the worst part the worst part is
trying oh yeah yeah okay maybe I wasn't
listening I don't know it wasn't really
paying attention okay so how are you
getting ready for baby number four and
what pressures do you feel cuz I tell
them all the time what I'm doing to get
ready for the baby like what kind of
things do you do um this baby well part
of it was making room in the house so
doing the remodel that was like
something that I felt like
we wanted to get done I've taken a
interest in the nieces and nephews that
have nephews I guess that have all been
born lately and just kind of not even
had to prepare myself but just got back
that oh man I can't wait for a baby I
can't like to hold a new baby feeling so
those are the set questions that were
read is right like do you have any
thoughts or any anything that you want
to say about this pregnancy or um I
don't know
I think Bonnie and I have been able to
have a lot of fun this pregnancy I don't
it's the way my schedule works I've had
days off that allow me really time to
have fun it's been fun like remodeling
for a baby it's been fun prepping and
getting Bonnie maternity clothes or
prepping and getting uh baby clothes
even though we really like don't have
baby clothes for this guy yet for new
ones he's just we don't have any new
more we don't have any newborn clothes
for him um but it's it's this
pregnancy's been it's been fun it's been
it's been fun with the kids
letting them know it's been fun seeing
Olivia really understand that that she's
got another little brother on the way
and Cody gets it too and that's been fun
one thing Oh one thing that's been huge
this pregnancy that has not been that
way but the other ones is the I don't
know if it's just this guy's more active
or not but I have felt it a lot more I
mean just the other night bonnie was
napping laying on me and I was seriously
like stop it stop it like but he just
kept kicking me
that's how Cody used to say it that's
why he was saying it like that but
that's that's one thing that I've really
enjoyed is is it's hasn't been like oh
you got a really hold still and you feel
like it's very apparent he's very there
it's very real and it's been fun like
holding Bonnie's belly and I don't know
just I just really enjoyed it this
pregnancy that's been fun I think that I
think that we both have tried to really
um enjoy the pregnancy is what we've
both done so okay I think that is it
that
answers most of the questions I think I
think I think I think we still don't
know the name of the baby but we're
working on it we're getting closer I
think kind of but when I know you will
know I'm getting maternity pictures
tomorrow so as soon as I have those back
I will share them with you if you think
Joel did a good job he was a little
nervous make sure to give the video a
thumbs up for him and Susie yes simply
give him a sympathy thumbs up you guys
um we will see you in our next video bye
yeah
you
