are you guys ready to drive out of the
wintry Logan weather and into Sonny's
George weather tips on this trip after
driving about five hours this is our
bedroom we just got to the place that
were renting for the weekend so the guy
shows up his daughter's five he goes up
to space like a month yeah him and he
comes back and she's 89 yeah so on earth
can I just ask oh my gosh I can tuck
here okay so we're talking about if we
believe in aliens or not and like it's
surprising
I was surprised like what everyone
thought so I just might know if you guys
believe in aliens just tell me I just
wanna know I was shocking
we just got to Pioneer Park we are
letting the kids run around and play and
I saw a sign that said there were
turtles and I'm really hoping that we
see a turtle is this not beautiful here
what did you say yeah we're gonna go
find a turtle you look like you're on
top of the world should cody finally
find some friends he's like hey guys
what kind of RC car do you have look at
theirs he's like one trade ok
right now mom do you know how much I
love watching you with him on your
shoulders
busting what are you doing do you feel
like this one's too big for you guys the
early you think it's too big for Jackson
be kind of a bossy little thing boss is
the boss of nobody he's gonna take
Jackson
watch upbeat Cody that makes me a little
nervous you gotta be careful do you want
to give her fair
slide down that he's the only one that
you didn't have to like manhandle their
way down she wants to figure it out but
you were too nervous weren't you Olivia
that's rude okay seriously there's no
way I'm fitting through that no
literally I can see it and there's no
way is this the way you guys went no
there's no way I'm sorry I'm chickening
out but I can't do this like I I like
you yeah I feel a little anxious too
nervous so me and Lincoln it go around
oh I'll take Lincoln - okay you remember
you said you wanted to take that child
with you see you later
yep this is all beautiful and amazing
and everything but I just do not think
that I can shimmy my way through that
very end part it's incredible but I
ain't doing it you guys made it oh my
goodness you guys are alive I'm so glad
you're alive
I think the Lincoln's go scale the wall
go hold on tight hold on tight no he's
never gonna do it just hold your hand
they're doing get him get him get him
I can't believe yesterday she was like
just just did you not want us to come
over today because she's gonna lose the
bat she has long hair look at that
Carl and ginger literally have
everything my kids are like y'all have
friends I just missed y'all biffing it
nothing okay doll you're so cute
I want me
well I'd remarry you if you are tie off
of dude perfect
apparently Carl has put together I
really amazing a scavenger hunt
I'm not going to film it because I want
to enjoy it but if you guys want to
watch it you have to go to these guys
Channel and you'll see I'll put a link
and an eye card right here for you guys
we just got out of the hot tub you seem
all like oh yeah I feel disgusting and
it's almost midnight this has been such
an awesome New Year's Eve because so
chill and that's all I wanted I brought
stuff to like glam makeup and put on
like a really cute show my like ya know
it's obviously been so nice yeah so we
have four minutes I mean this is their
time but Celine Dion I have loved you
since the day I heard you in like sixth
grade
I feel like we really meant that I feel
like it's a good year Carl and ginger
thank you for letting us party with you
guys we love you it was nice because it
was called I was what was nice about it
like this was a chill amazing New Year's
good morning it's 2018
sounds a little anti-climatic because it
feels a little anti-crime freezing we're
on a poolside and I'm just about
freezing boston's right here Jackson's
right here in Cody's right here Ellie's
right here and the boys are back in a
place editing a vlog while the little
ones take a nap we'll have you were able
to find your hair bands no we are trying
to get things packed up the dryer here
is not working so the clothes we put in
the dryer last night are still wet you
ready to go home - yeah the last thing
that I want to do is leave anything
behind so I am like so particular and
picky and I close the door behind me
when I check in any area because the
last thing I want to do is leave
anything behind I don't know if this is
making any sense
oh you just came right behind me left
all the doors open and lights on look
Olivia I just went through and closed
every single door and light as I'm
cleaning up and she followed behind me
and opened every single torch out thank
you for being a good travel buddy
we are on the road home we are making
our way back to the opposite end of the
state we've been in southern Utah all
weekend and st. George and now we're
heading back to the very northern end of
Utah where we are from we had to stop
for lunch and I've been to Cubby's one
time before and it was super good so I
wanted to bring the kids play on a scale
one to ten how much fun did you guys
have this weekend past 10 watching the
kids this weekend I can tell you they
had a blast they didn't sleep very much
they partied the entire weekend it's
okay it's worth it they're sleeping on
the way home we're gonna end our vlog
here we hope you guys enjoyed it give it
a big thumbs up and we'll see you guys
later
come with me I'm not really a scared
we'll get away to a place where we
the world in action
they live with no distractions
this is what we waited for
take my and we'll me
