good morning guys so the last few days
Olivia has been telling me I really want
to have a pool party I really want to
have a pool party well her and Cody got
in trouble until one of the days they
didn't get a play with any friends one
day and then today she came home from
her little summer school with like all
these friends and they were all chanting
pool party pool party so apparently
we're having a pool party with all the
neighbor kids do you want a popsicle
yeah okay you can have one hey you guys
who wants a popsicle okay
you guys my son okay come get the
popsicle you can have yes hold on I'll
take one you get take what when you get
we actually had a viewer sent us this
little kiddie pool and I recorded the
kids opening it which is super cute so
I'll insert a little um I'll insert a
little clip of us opening the pool from
our viewer do we have a package this is
Danny opening this package from Katy the
cue I hope I said that right
sprays bling oh that's a nice little
blanket how thoughtful is this sorry
back does that make you excited for a
little baby one you know aunt amber got
us a onesie for the baby and then this
just came so that's like the own little
sister this is the second little outfits
that um this little guy has so thank you
so much that's really nice um I blows my
mind then people are always leaving us
comments saying like how nice of a
family we are in stuff and it's really
flattering because sometimes you don't
always feel that way you know and of
course we show you mostly all the good
but then it's it always makes me wonder
when people write us letters and when
people send us things in the mail it's
like why are people so nice I don't like
you people are nice you people are good
hope we have we have really nice viewers
don't we
viewers are nice friends yeah they're
our friends huh I was doing playing that
um I think we all are going to daddy
gets to look us Wow oh my gosh that is
so key oh well once the storm clouds
finally go away
what you doing
are you teaching your little baby how to
slam is she scared of the water Olivia
tell me who your friend is this is great
he's gonna marry me grant is that true
you want to marry Olivia but you're
still just too young aren't you guys
yeah kiss me on the lips but we talked
about that huh
and we're not gonna kiss till we're
older right grant no more kissing you
take summer 16 yes until you get older
did you tell your mom about that mm-hmm
and what did your mom say okay yep
Olivia told me about that and I told her
no more kissing or you couldn't hang out
anymore
you being a train are you being a train
let me see can you push up and now now
you're just gonna look at me push it
yes you love that the yellow truck he
calls his fire truck good job yes you
are too cute unlike you that fresh glass
are you pushing your cars if I could get
down on my tummy I would scoot back to
back so right now we Jolin I was just my
nail oh no I only almost broke a nail
it's okay so Joel and I are getting
ready to go on an early date we're gonna
go to a matinee
we're gonna go to Jurassic Park and I'm
like out of breath yes I'm out of breath
from standing up okay and we're going to
an early movie we're gonna go to
Jurassic Park and I'm pretty excited um
but first okay I have to tell you how
excited I am for this naturebox I'm sure
you have seen it on plenty of other
people's vlogs because I've seen it
around the first place I saw it was on a
YouTube channel and they had a free
trial and I remember I was like I'm not
gonna try it but my sister she's tried
the nature boxes before and she's like
no seriously they're really good I'm
gonna buy like a ton of them
and so naturebox has sent let me cover
my address here naturebox sent me a box
I died why do I feel so excited for it I
don't know maybe because I'm getting to
try it too and I see all these cool
people out there trying their nature
boxes and I get to try mine too do you
want to help me open this snack box Oh
mm yes mom take it on the table
Oh you can pull out okay open it up now
the one thing I'm hoping that's in here
is pineapple rings because that's what I
really want to try okay okay okay I
don't know if I'm gonna let the kids try
those those are dried California peaches
right yeah I'm excited
um there's a mixture of both I honestly
I actually don't even know what is kind
of on the box they just kind of put
together some things for us blueberry
nom noms oh I'm gonna try okay we'll try
those okay pick what one you want to try
and we'll try them medley french toast
canola Hey french toast granola you're
on I see mine a little bit it's awesome
if Boston doesn't like my hand uses like
that like that do you like it is let me
clarify his nose means yes if you
smiling does that do to me these are for
mommy I know that's so selfish of me
I've never tried him but I just know
they're gonna be good especially the way
everybody talks about them so I'm like
the kids don't get those ones
hey Otis be back in the back yeah okay
so many I'll taste one I know people are
like well I don't want the peaches Ohio
try to lose that kind I need you're good
getting those are good yeah this one
okay I don't think kids would like that
like it's not like a sweet I want to see
what's in it let me see what's in this
room okay so literally this is why I
wanted to try them the ingredients is
peaches what's in the pineapple just a
final all right
dried pineapple there is no sugar in
those ones I don't know about all of
them but that is one of the main reasons
that I wanted to try it is because a lot
of times the dried fruit at the stores
always has sugar in them I am going to
place nature boxes link down below if
you click the link below you will get
your free trial of nature box and I
think it would be really silly to not do
it so I'm telling and you know that if I
tell my sisters or my parents do it it's
something that I would actually do so
mom and dad and my siblings order a free
nature box I think this is so cool the
link is down below
I know I was like it's killing me okay
histor okay Olivia let Cody have a turn
like Cody fo she's got one shoe on
hey hey Cody it's Cody's turn Olivia oh
my gosh
I honestly can't believe they're doing
this they're usually so scared a little
bit Olivia put it down oh very good yep
that's about how the bubbles go around
here okay we are here at the movies and
Joe and I have been anticipating this
date for our days now we've been so
excited and I don't know about you guys
but sometimes it's like you're so
excited for something and then you let
something really dumb get you upset like
we're both like frustrated frazzled a
little we're late to the movies neither
of us are probably in a very good mood
but we are both gonna try our best so
it's really quite a bit
hey we're gonna try our best to enjoy
the movie if we get in there on time if
I can't hurry and turn this thing off
and hopefully we'll be able to snap out
of this mood tell us your name
oh he just barely walked in and people
were like so is someone's birthday I can
you guys are like recording and one of
the girls how are you Justin yes
destiny destiny Oh destiny um destiny
she said I knew it I knew it and I said
you knew that we were walking her you
knew like who we were and she's like
your Elling sister yes I'm your sister
thank you so Jurassic Park is not the
movie for me I I thought it was great it
was pretty intense it was not the movie
for me it was good it was a good movie
but it's not like I was going more for
like to suffice joel's movie desires
more than my own
it was way intense it was a lot more
intense than I thought I was gonna be
honestly I was kind of like good bit
much baby yeah it's a good it's a good
put together movie but not for me it was
um I thought the funnest part was
running into a viewer I thought that was
a lot of fun yes now I have to go see a
chick flick now Oh Mamie and Ellie oh
goes okay well I think we're going to
end the vlog here I think we're gonna
end our date with maybe some like
grocery shopping or something you know
standard date procedure yeah grocery
shopping is usually the last thing on
our date night agenda so I guess we'll
see you guys later
really
you're really nice time
