all right I don't even know if I want to
show you this room but we have to have a
before and this is quite the before we
just have junk in here this is kind of
where coffee has been sleeping and
there's just junk everywhere and toys
and it's just very very neglected in
here and this is basically where this is
basically where Joel and I have stored
stuff that we don't know exactly what to
do with and so we are going to redo it
so that Cody has a place for his stuff
and so that Cody and Boston can share
this room huh can share this room huh
the baby you'll be not in this room it's
quite impossible to catch everything on
film because it is quite impossible to
catch everything on film because Joel
once he has something in his mind it's
like he waits for no lager so we got
every Oliver junk cleaned out of this
closet and now oh did you have to whip
something off the ceiling oh those are
the that was the panel type the panel
ceiling huh the panel silly music very
mushy right that you just ripped down
the shelves Joey you wanna wick either
want this stuff on the labor you're the
vlogger
oh man oh my god this by the kids on
your wire they do it again that
can't be working down here so she's on
okay do you know where your work gloves
are get your work gloves it is the
hardest thing for me is to like let him
help
well like I want to and I wanted to be a
part but it's like this is so much
slower pace but I just gotta get used to
it for a while yeah maybe just for a
couple take them out of the way oh my
gosh I didn't even get a complete before
on this so as you can see where Joel is
ripping down this wall that was I don't
even know it's kinda but there's just
this like dear little nook right here
but we're gonna take out cuz it's weird
like a strong mom went up when I when I
when I did prison they got a strong when
you said prayers it got you strong hmm
that is amazing
something with remodeling an older home
there's always always something
unexpected
and we are dealing with the unexpected
right now
tonight Joel is going to finish off the
caulking and that usually takes a lot of
time because you have to call every
single edge in like the entire room I
had no idea that it entails so much
anyway so we're going to finish caulking
and puttying the nail holes but we are
taking a little break and this is
basically what we do every time we like
redo rooms and stuff kids are asleep
they had like what apple sauce for
dinner and we're having this and I am
going to sit and watch Joel you're
sitting like such a boy Trevor you suit
like that I don't look like a caveman
got my break I need a fill me how do I
look sitting here probably a little
horrendous but this is how I'm sitting
while I eat
it needs Indian Styles weird well I'm
not quite my legs are too fat for Indian
style I can't get him to go that far
yeah my legs are way too fat too I
couldn't sit like that if I tried yeah
well this is the only option is so thank
you okay we have one coat of paint on
this wall it's like a light gray blue
color cool gray it's called cool gray
and you just started without me you big
turret that's the crappy part of our
projects is they're so fun first Nick
well it's coming along there's like it
please just be over yeah so let's speed
this up Oh
you don't want it dripping go there go
like relax
code there you go okay yeah hold on now
come here okay let's try this again okay
no you're gonna have like double marks
here the other side yeah hold on code
bend your wrist okay go right there okay
straight off no good job Cody do not
touch your shirt you want to do it too
yeah you are dude - okay I miss your
hand do it straight out like this
straight out let's get your hand heat
right in the paint why she sucks he's
like excited to do it right now put it
up top a little bit so it's not a
disease cuz chooses a little terrific
you go
let's see perfect yeah minute well you
got to get it stick I know it's good
that's great
oh there's just a lot I don't want to
drip okay but that's perfect okay your
meter pretty tight like you'd put up my
Cody
hey Cody step back okay open your hands
open your hand look open your hand like
this open your hand
look open your hand oh look Oh Boston Oh
perfect oh you should try to get right
again lower okay open your hand okay oh
crap this is so hard
this is why you do feet with little kids
move your head well that just happened
don't touch don't touch okay let's go
wash your hand
yeah well shoot see you guys Boston it
looks like you were like climbing down
I cannot believe that this room is done
this room is finally finished hey stop
it
I'm jogging on you it was like following
me around in a circle I'm like a Hello
fun dance we are gonna walk you through
everything that we did so there's two
things that we didn't redo other than
that everything got redone we did not
put a new door right here because when
we redo the basement we want all the
basement doors new at the same time and
then the carpet same with the carpet so
the carpet boo is like horrendous it's
uh yeah but we're just letting to look
at it Joel did the lights we did
recessed can lights and these are four
inch we have five upstairs but I kinda
like the floor or a little bit yeah you
framed the windows yeah we did all the
window work mm-hmm you frame the windows
they look beautiful it's gonna look
pretty rough before oh well around the
window is pretty rough but it looks
super clean now um we did not put the
shelves in right here yet we were gonna
put shelves in right here but we just
were not exactly sure what we wanted to
do and so we just left eggs we can
always put the shelves in later it's
kind of a weird little nook but we're
not sure what we're gonna do with it
yeah so we just didn't do anything like
it I like the way that it looks now I
think that it's really cute and the kids
will put everything in that color I know
they're gonna hide there so we did
replace the two doors and then um you
can open up Joe so we replace those
doors
Joel did the inside and it looks so good
he even has the baseboards in here and
then look at these cute little ham
Boston's got I'm glad you got rid of the
first one cuz that was a little
horrifying one other thing we have to do
is order blinds for that window that's
like Cody's number one request and we
just have not done it yet but we just
need we need to order the blinds I never
done
oh we know it feels so good to be done
Joel thank you for getting wore me out I
know we were sore so sick of this
project we're seriously so sick of this
project all the paint colors and like
the name of the doors and all that kind
of stuff we'll have listed below so that
if you do have questions on what it is
you can just refer to the description
bar because I'm sure people will want to
know yep
so thank you guys for watching we're so
excited for ya thank you this old house
Cody's room yeah that's what it is I had
a really nice time apparently I didn't
arrange the Tonka trucks the right way
it's like I've never played with Tonka
trucks before or something this is part
of your contractors licenses talkin
truck work is it now okay honestly
having these Tonka trucks in here is
like the cutest thing in the world
sidenote all of these are actually mine
from when I was a kid
mm-hmm yes it for this one but I had one
but I just destroyed it
we thought Cody won for his first
birthday
something yeah great thing on yeah yeah
off eBay we paid for it didn't we
