Joel is home from work Joel is something
where you can show them her cute if you
want okay
you're cute that's what I come home to
every night every time did you get my
tongue in there you can't show me and
there was a snap oh did you show me
let's see Oh super cute look great I'm
good I know I'm excited okay movie okay
dinner is almost done okay you go get in
the shower because well oh yeah a drink
I got some coffee Mel yeah
and then you have to get in the shower
I'm so glad you're home like I stink I
think you can do your labor all day you
kinda do yeah just worth it while Jola
showering I'm gonna quickly get our
dinner dished up if you watch my channel
you will know we are huge date night
people and kind of what I live for
so I had um try the world send me like a
food box and I thought that it would be
the perfect thing for Joel night to do
for a little date night and so I'm going
to show you what this is I had never
heard about it they sent me this box
they have chefs go to different
countries all over the world and they
kind of pick and choose things from
where they go so this is a box from
Argentina and I was not exactly sure
what I was going to expect when I open
this box and basically they just sent me
a few things
from Argentina I think this is like a so
it's a red fruit red wine and honey
sauce I'm thinking it's like a Jeep type
of jam that's what it looks like and
like green all is what it looks like is
like a pesto almost and I can't um this
is
like a sweet and salty like a cookie
typing I have no clue what this is um
maybe those of you from Argentina can
tell me what that is
but I opened this bottle of sauce and
when I smelled it it kind of smelled
like um like teriyaki like vinegary I
wasn't really sure but it reminded me of
meat and so like like that's kind of
what I thought it was as a meat sauce
and so I grilled up so all right cooked
up some chicken and I added some
pineapple and I added this sauce and his
stinking smells good and I'm just going
to put that over some rice and then you
know like a side of beans and all the
bombs hot and then my favorite part I'm
really excited to try yeah
the Lizzie dos de leche it's like a
ganache chocolate sauce and so we're
going to brush strawberries in that day
it's like strongly I know like like I
can already tell there's gonna be a
strong good flavor in it yeah it's
strong like it um what is the sauce
taste it and tell me what you think I
can't quite figure out I think because
it has like a really strong like I can't
even tie can you describe how it tastes
I can't even explain it but it does it
taste good oh yeah there's like a little
bit of like a vinegar to it or something
that's like it's almost like teriyaki
barbecue pungent yeah yeah it's got that
in a good way
oh yeah yeah yeah that's I mean that
bite was I'm nervous a track game
anymore I'm glad I added the pineapple
just in case I didn't like it uh-huh
the chickens wicked mm-hmm
it's good that's what I think I think
that it's like a basically barbecue you
know teriyaki ish
thanks pretty good yeah I like it well
trained you doesn't even have our
dessert I wish we would a timed how fast
it is so good like it was we weren't
even talking cuz we were just like I'm
not man so I was going to tell you oh
joy sanity okay perfect
so every two months you get a new box
from a new country with seven to ten
products in it with little tidbits about
the country some music from the country
that kind of stuff I know kind of cute
music from it um I need to look through
the papers and see but yeah but but I'm
gonna put their website down below so
you can check out their website and also
if you order a box then you get a free
Paris box and I want to know what came
from Paris I had a friend go to Paris
and she said that it was literally the
best food she's ever had
yeah that sounds amazing Lou this dulce
de leche that's like our favorite flavor
every no and zero trans fat yeah nice
lot what smells good mmm you don't like
it I think we should taste it I'm gonna
put a strawberry honor mm-hmm I was
gonna get a bowl where we can just dip
it in there my god you were just gonna
dip it I was gonna do it anyway yeah you
are even
good that's really good is it yeah him
trying something I'm nervous that I'm
not gonna like it
even though it's chocolate it'll get a
bunch on there okay so it's good then
yeah you wouldn't tell me to get a bunch
of there wasn't no no you cut it was
like light on the flavor so it get a
bunch that's good yeah I'm not smooth it
is smooth it's really light yeah yeah
you taste a lot of the strepek oh my
gosh hey oh that's so good you hold the
camera all day camera
seriously that is good that's better
than I thought it was gonna be
oh my crap that seriously yummy now we
need some bananas with that I was gonna
buy some today and I didn't what was I
thinking I brought you home a nectarine
you did oh that was nice of you
seriously I'm stuffs good I know I know
Jonah I kinda had a bad day today he
texted me halfway through the day and
was like my day has gone to crap on my
yep pretty much mine too I was standing
in line at Walmart the checker oh she
was talking so much I was just like if
you don't shut your Yap and get the
groceries through my feet are gonna
explode my I look down I see and they
were so swollen so purple I was like I'm
gonna hurt somebody it's just like well
that's how they felt the kids were going
nuts I was like please for the love we
went outside it was like a bajillion
degrees if you eat all that I'm gonna be
ticked
well looks like wha do you know this
stuff is it's gotta go hurt like when I
first opened it it smells well yeah it
didn't smelt like I was like oh this
doesn't really smell but it's it tasted
me Oh Jace amazing don't you
why does he like you he only lets you
hold him he only lets you push his cart
and he only let you change his diaper oh
yeah he only let me change it's such a
blessing in the bag and he look in the
bag likes me I don't know why you know
yeah he even oh I was riding the
four-wheeler this morning with him yeah
no span he like demanded getting on I
know believe me but he just demanded
getting on and then I'll put both hands
on the steering wheel and I'll take one
and put it around him and then he'll
point put your hand back for me he just
likes me though we're here at the splash
pad and today joel was supposed to stay
over and work at your parents house but
I couldn't even carry Boston to the car
how am I supposed to make it 9 more
weeks I honestly feel like I can't do
anything I can't lift anything I am so I
might look large it's not that I'm like
tired it's like I feel like I've out of
commission here but hopefully we'll go
find some the kids over there in the
water usually they're too nervous to
even go in
I love you my whole heart
you know Matthew I love you with my
whole heart
