today's my 32 week update and every time
I get in front of the camera I'm a
little excited nice smile and I don't
know I am to be honest I'm a little
nervous for the upcoming weeks I had my
doctor's appointment last week and he
usually you don't stop seeing the doctor
every two weeks for another couple of
weeks but he was like let's start seeing
you every two weeks because he was
concerned about how many contractions
I've been having and how strong they've
been he's like if they're stopping you
in your tracks he's like I think we
should probably check you today to see
if you're dilated and I was like nope
not today I was like I didn't even
shower this morning I'm like no no no
he's like are you sure I'm like I'll
make another appointment and I'll go
home and shower first so but so he will
be checking me next week and I really am
interested to know if these contractions
are actually doing something or if
they're just practicing you know like I
hope I hope that I haven't started
dilating yet and the only which is
insane that's insane to say but I'm too
early I this baby needs to cook I want
him nice and healthy and strong and it's
insane for me to say that out loud
because I've never I mean usually I am
counting down the days and I'm like okay
so the induction is scheduled for a week
before my due date we're not going a day
after that that's how every one of my
pregnancies have been I've been induced
a week before my due date and I want to
go on my own I want to go into labor on
my own I want to experience that I think
that it would be a really great
experience and so I'm just trying my
best to be happy with how things are
going I've been like it's hard to walk
because my tummy is heavy my hips hurt
and I feel like I'm not strong enough
like I feel very weak and I didn't hear
anything back from Mike
because test and so no news is good news
and so I'm pretty sure that there's
nothing wrong there um which I was a
little worried because when I took the
drink I was sweating I was hot that was
dizzy I was just like oh I can't do this
I can do this I know I have diabetes
but I don't think I do so I were doing
good I wanted to do the the video today
with Joel but schedules didn't quite
align just right and so hopefully next
week we'll have that up I've been
ordering a ton of new stuff for the baby
room and for me and so as soon as I have
all of that together I'm so excited to
do a it's either gonna be like a what's
in the baby's closet or a nursery tour
and it'll kind of have everything that
I've gotten to show you I am very
disappointed because I got online today
to order a new brassiere and they don't
make the bra that I have been wearing
the last three years they just continued
it you guys my cups runneth over
they runneth over they I don't fit into
anything and I didn't order a nursing
bra I ordered the bravado nursing bra
off of Amazon Elliot loves it my
sister-in-law loves it and it is a very
comfortable bra but if you are then it's
not gonna give any kind of support it's
a nighttime bra like when I wear it
under my dresses and stuff I feel like a
granny and I'm like do you feel me yeah
you know so I need to find me a new bra
and I just am a little clueless and I
told Joel the only way I'm gonna find a
bra you can't do it online I'm like we
need to go down to Salt Lake City and
that I would get to the stairs and be
like okay where's the wheelchair like
there's no way I can just go shopping
you guys I don't I hope you are catching
this drift here I can't do anything I am
so I should do anything
the other day if you watch the vlog when
I I told the kids we couldn't go to
Summerfest that was no joke I physically
couldn't do it I just if I walk that
much I'm contracting I'm having very
strong contractions and I physically
cannot walk so I don't know I am trying
to take it easy because it's very
serious to me that I don't want to have
this baby yet
for those of you wondering yes I am
going to be filming a birth video and so
I've I've ordered a couple new batteries
and um I'll make sure to have those all
charged and so anyway when I do my
nursery video I will make sure to
include my diaper bag or my hospital bag
so that you can see what I have in there
too so for right now I've just been
getting those things together and I
definitely want to get these things done
sooner than later because I'm a little
nervous that this baby might come soon
so yes that's what I've been up to
thanks for the support like always thank
you for your nice comments and if you
guys when I do go into labor or when
things happen I will be posting the
information on Instagram and Twitter so
if you would like to follow me on those
social media sites you can look at the
links down below because if I don't
think I'm going to be uploading the
birth video very soon after I deliver it
because I'm gonna be the one editing it
so I'm thinking it'll be like two weeks
after I have the baby that maybe the
video have got maybe a week we'll see
we'll see how things are going but if
you want to keep updated and see
pictures and be first notified you can
follow me on Instagram and Twitter thank
you guys so much for watching I love you
guys I love doing this I love making
these upstate
I love making these updates and I will
see you in my next video bye guys
