yesterday Ellie called me and said that
she was on her way to my parents house
and she said that she had gotten a phone
call from my mom and that my mom wanted
her to shave my aunt Sonya's hair and my
mom's hair and because my aunt's hair is
falling out because of her chemotherapy
and at first I was really mad I thought
mom what are you thinking you are not
shaving your head and I and I was I
didn't know how to react and I was
really stunned but I had a lot of
emotions and I know Ellie has been
really busy she's getting ready to go on
a flight and all these things and she
just had her baby and so she wasn't
usually we text and call every single
day but we haven't had time because we
both just been really busy and so I
haven't heard from her after that she
told me she was gonna shave my mom's
head and then she never called me back
and so I I always anticipate their
videos I watch their videos every single
day and I looked at the thumbnail and
and I was so I was so nervous to watch
the video i sat down to I sat down to do
my makeup and to watch that video and
it's a good thing I didn't put my makeup
on yet because I just bawled through the
whole video and not because and not
because you know what she's shaming
she's losing your hair but because she
looked they both looked so beautiful I
cried because they were so beautiful and
and because it really I remember being
really young when my grandma had lost
all her hair and she always were these
really beautiful um beanies and head
pieces that were just so beautiful she
was beautiful you wonder where my mom
gets a friend and my aunt's son you get
it from um
graceful that's all I can say is they're
graceful women but
um I remember asking my grandma why do
you wear those when she said well do you
want people to see you naked or she said
do you like when people see you naked
and I said no and so that's why she said
that she wore her little head pieces I
just think it's really beautiful that my
mom has done this with her sister okay
you cute boy should we go find grandma
no you need to learn to you're you you
need to learn you the word yes I'm kind
of nervous that I'm going to cry I'm
going to try not to can you guys take
your shoes off take your shoes off no
secret mom I'm nervous to come see you I
may or may not have cheated and watched
Ellie's video today why do I just barely
pronamel with you oh my gosh that was so
cute I you know what I was all worried
like oh I need to find mom something and
you didn't find her something cute like
how this is our Scrabble well look what
I brought you
look what I brought you oh yes this is
like the one thing that I have in my
drawer so sweet and I thought you know
what I bet mom would love to wear that
sweet yes I mean look out flip and pray
that was I told you my grandma was
beautiful and graceful and look at that
that is so pretty have you just had that
in like your drawer or something up oh
my gosh I love it and I'll borrow this
and then
it yes well that's what I thought I
thought you know you may as well wear it
and then that's the one that I ordered
France
Sonia a week ago or something and then
okay it just came okay well welcome in
her and then we're gonna cut down on
what Turpin you are you Oh have you not
seen it you wait Abby hey Ellen oh
you're gonna die
it's amazing how come you ain't just get
you for oh um one of my Boy Scouts is
getting their Eagle Scout award by me
I'm cute see you haven't prepared honor
are you oh you're so cute
can you just look like Papa Warbucks he
still likes me so I don't god it's okay
good again daddy and I both had a little
bit of a headache and I wonder if it's
Alex you know it's all the countries and
all the nerve and he was their favorite
50 years their baby
they've never felt cool just you know in
church you know that cold air is just
sitting there big it feels good oh you
said your hairs was cold last night yeah
it feels really weird when I don't put
something on it feels kind of wrong
really mm-hmm
oh I bet I bet that's a good way to
describe it yeah yeah I can't wait to
wear that I know is it the same shape I
think do you know it is still ties thick
what you do and yeah I mean it hurt is
it oh yeah because I noticed when I
pulled it out I thought oh no it's
really well it's like it's gotten real
sand around the edges yeah and I have it
I mean I've never even used it I've just
had it in my drawer and mm-hmm I'd be
very careful okay I know I know
let's do with you um I don't think
you've ever been here Olivia go grab in
here I don't wanna leave them here
okay Olivia and I are walking down Main
Street and we are on our way to my nail
appointment and the last couple of days
I spent at my mom's house and the last
day that I was there it was just me and
my kids Joel was working and we just
kind of spent some time with Grandma and
I was super upset not upset but very
emotional when she very first shaved her
head with my ass Sonia and
I just my my emotions and my thoughts
just kind of changed on the situation
just a little bit we I don't even know
exactly what to say other than the only
emotion that I really feel with the
whole situation is just complete love
and complete generosity and I think that
it is I think that it's been a really
good learning experience for our family
because I've wondered I'm like oh my
gosh the ads my mom's brothers and
sisters don't know she did this and
cousins don't know she did this and
people at church people around the
neighborhood they're going to see her
and they're going to wonder like what is
going on and it just doesn't matter
that's kind of what I have boiled down
to for me is that it really just doesn't
matter does it was it kind of scary for
you when gamma shaved her head and I
said
and water to shoot it life's gonna grow
back yeah that's left it doesn't even
matter catch it and the most important
thing and the whole reasoning behind my
mom's shaving her head was to support
her sister and being with my aunt Sonia
this week she wasn't doing very good she
didn't feel very good and I'm grateful
she's still here I'm grateful she's
still fighting and we're all just going
to be a happy family together no matter
what happens and that's kind of
the last couple of days too is that no
matter what kind of comes our way
whether it's good whether it's bad
because we have a lot of good we have
some bad and I don't know you just work
through it so you get my nails done look
how cute this isn't here I love this
little cash register
that's like beautiful no I guess
remember this that's cut and shave 25
studies that's so cute
guess what you did really good during my
appointment Olivia get cut you were kind
of annoying but that's okay we have
these bowls all along our Main Street
and Olivia really wanted to come over
and climb up on one they have different
themed ones
it might be hot Olivia they might be hot
to a judge oh I should probably show you
guys my nails I don't know if you can
see them they're just kind of like a
nude with like a champagne glitter oh
I'm kind of loving them
Olivia the bull is too hot for you to
sit on you'll burn oh yeah you'll burn
your skin anyway I think people that
make donations put these up there okay
let's go home I'm sure dad's waiting on
us how come ladybugs by I don't know did
a ladybug bite daddy
how many popsicles if you had uh times
up by like five they just give me em
here show me what you got Rick all right
oh my word
can I have a taste can I have a taste
taste oh you are gonna share with me
thank you
hey you're welcome mama hey Olivia have
you been hanging out on Cody's
four-wheeler all day yep today has been
a hot hot day the story of my summer is
me sitting in a lawn chair watching Joel
do yard work and that is my wonderful
husband doing my yard work for me Olivia
said today I said so I'm like we're
gonna go home and do yard work and she
goes well dad will just do a for us I
said no you're gonna I says you're gonna
help and I'm gonna watch apparently she
didn't get the memo look at her just
relaxing hanging out hanging out in the
shade
well I appreciate you doing it normally
I take care of the flowerbeds but when
you can't bend over kind of look at
Olivia
sunflower Olivia got me that sunflower
for Mother's Day oh they sent out home
from school I thought it was gonna be
like a little Daisy or something really
cute do you like just a little six feet
tall cute someone had made the comment
that when all of us family were together
people were like don't you guys have
jobs why does everyone just sit around
and hang out all the time and I want to
do um comment back and tell you guys
that while Julian Landon were in town
everybody
we used vacation days we like everyone
made a really big sacrifice to be there
and we just wanted to spend as much time
as we could as a family um together at
once and those vlogs I think don't you
think Joe they are just so sweet I love
seeing them and the kids love seeing
themselves in them mommy did Olivia get
you one you know what do you tell her on
a red because he's Boston Red Sox a Red
Sox sack yes you have red shoes on y'all
I think I'm gonna end the vlog here
bye guys you can't see what I'm sure
he's winking over there now the Sun is
just really bright
well I think we're just gonna end it
there thank you guys for watching our
vlogs and thanks for all the comments
seriously you guys kind of rock in the
comment Department
I had um look what he has guys what is
it
can't you is that your lawn chair oh I'm
a grey one you got two blue one
I hate grey Oh My she's seriously
Olivia has changed so much since she
started school it's kind of I don't know
if I love it I I mean up I shouldn't say
I don't know if I love it but she's
grown up a lot since then anyway we'll
see you in our next video you guys bye
yeah try to give it okay finish getting
your stuff put away not cool not cool
smooth I just knew this last
