this is my 31 week update and today is
so beautiful outside I just thought you
know I'm gonna sit in front of our
little grapevines and I'm gonna record
the video outside and it was so nice I
didn't want to put the kids to bed I
thought you know I'm gonna let them stay
up they can play in the background you
can hear him probably I'm sure Joel's
just kind of putting things away in the
yard doing little things in the yard and
so I thought you know I'm just really do
it with everybody here and see how that
goes
it's been a little difficult I'm kind of
wish I would have put him to bed people
have asked me what time I put my kids to
bed and I usually put him to bed around
7:00 but on really good nights like this
we let him stay up but they're usually
really ready for bed by 7:00 I know
that's really early but they wake up at
7 in the morning and so that's a good 12
hours for them to sleep and so I feel
like that's a really good mommy and
daddy time and when they go to bed at
night so this week for me has been very
rough we have been doing a lot of
partying with our family if you watch my
vlogs then you will know that we have
just been partying like every day with
my family and on the days that joel has
worked
I have crashed I have just crashed I
just sit the other day when we were at
my mom's she just basically let me sit
in a chair all day and I needed that she
kind of got the kids the things that
they needed and I just slept in a chair
sat in a chair and I needed that I you
because I have been having so many
contractions this is my fourth pregnancy
and I think I am experiencing
contractions or like this real Braxton
Hicks contractions for the first time
I've never felt them this strong I've
been having a lot of ligament pain like
you know those big ligaments under your
tummy that you have to stretch once you
start getting bigger and start getting
closer to delivery
those have been stretching and they're
painful they're painful I've had I've
had several I asked the doctor if that
was normal if that was
okay and it's perfectly normal perfectly
fine I feel like my lips have changed a
lot this week in the last several weeks
is that I'm definitely seeing myself as
pregnant my legs they're just swollen
they hurt my feet have gotten really
swollen so it's been kind of a rough
week actually I haven't wanted to get
ready at all which is like I think I say
that every video that's the hardest part
for me in my pregnancy is getting ready
I'm just too tired to do it naming this
baby is gonna be the death of me
I cannot think of names that I like
that's the number one question I get
asked and my dude a PS my due date is
August 19th in case ya I haven't said it
in a while I'm due August 19th and I
have no idea what I'm gonna name this
baby
you guys I have no idea I really really
really love the name boy I think Roy is
really cute but when I call him that
when I'm like oh hi Roy um I know I
don't know about that and then I really
like max or Mac but it's just I don't
know that's just hard to connect with
the name you know I had a really hard
time with Boston at first I wasn't sure
if we made the right decision with
Boston but as we called him that and got
to know him it was like yeah of course
like Boston yeah so I think I just need
to decide on a name and I'm sure that I
will that it will grow on me but nothing
is like oh I love that Olivia come here
if you could name the baby one thing if
you could name the baby what would you
name our baby Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln
speak up so I can hear you I got enough
you just kind of like that name
I think Lincoln is wake you we were
going to name Kody Lincoln we were gonna
name Boston Lincoln
that's always been a name that has been
on our list that we just haven't used we
just haven't gone with it but I've loved
it I love Lincoln Joel honestly loves
the name Ford naming a baby Ford
I think Ford is a really cute name but I
think yeah I don't know about that Kody
come here if you got bulls Blackie if
you have another baby boy you can name
the other ones that daddy likes no no I
like we can name our baby boy Lincoln
and then art if we have a next baby boy
we can name it the other name that Daddy
perfect okay Cody
what do you want to name the baby
tinkling tinkling and for sure we can
call him dink
okay what's another name that you would
like
I like blastin how about we name him do
you want to know his name is Cody Clark
and I called Cody Clark all the time
I would love to name a boy Clark I think
Clark is ma I just love it can I have
two boys named Clark okay go play go
play are you guys playing here look how
cute these kids are hi guys just hanging
out maybe shooting some birds don't
shoot any birds that's illegal
we are just dang near done with Cody and
Boston's room and once that is
completely done I'm going to get their
closet all put together and organized so
I will have a fresh empty closet for the
baby and I think that that's really
gonna help me get into really preparing
for the baby stocking up on lotion and
powder and wipes and diapers and just
kind of having those basic things in his
closet ready for him what what - see you
back you need someone to push you on the
swing set okay Olivia will come for sure
Olivia will come push you know can you
say hi Hey say hi guys I
say thumbs up can you do thumbs up
thumbs up this video if you liked it can
you say subscribe share out subscribe
okay though this Winx that Olivia go
give them a push
they look lush
apparently apparently of a they wanted
pushed off apparently but I am really
excited to get the the babies room kind
of prepped for the baby I think that's
gonna be a lot of fun I think one of
these weeks I am going to have Joel do
an update with me because you always get
the mama's point of view but I think we
need to hear from the daddy and so if
you guys have any questions that you
would like Joel to answer when we do a
baby update together I think that it's a
really good idea to have Joel do a video
with me but I have no idea what we would
talk about so if you have questions
directed towards the daddy maybe you
could leave those questions down below
and we could get them answered for you
I'm thinking that that's pretty much it
for this update basically I've just been
sitting a lot and being really tired and
having a lot of contractions and just
trying to enjoy it
like always thank you guys so much for
watching thank you thank you thank you
and I'll see you guys in my next video
bye
hey that was pretty good code it's
pretty good
good job yes good job
hey guys hey listen I need you to be a
little quiet while I do this okay okay
you got to go sit down go sit down Thank
You Boston hey Cody
you guys no more talking while I just do
this real quick guys I put my kids to
bed at I don't know like dude no it's
fine they're fine they're fine her
friend I don't know why I thought
bringing them out here was a good idea
I don't know why I thought bringing him
out here was a good idea I know you let
him stay up and I thought you know oh
sorry oh my gosh sorry okay I'm good
