you guys this is the epitome of
Christmas break look at him in his
pajamas in the freezing cold wanting to
play with the RC car this is a part of
the Christmas break that I do not love
we leave our toys out we play with them
we play with them and now it's like okay
it's time to put everything away but
where are we gonna put all of these new
things so today I am dedicating the day
to getting Olivia's room situated
organized and we have agreed we gotta
throw away some stuff right it's gonna
be a little painful I go through the
same thing with my own house with my own
things my own clothes no we'll decide
together okay okay okay the garbage bag
the first thing we're gonna do is start
with washing the sheets so those are
nice and fresh and I'm thinking we're
gonna put this over here so Olivia said
this freaks her out I did not know that
that freaked you out
which makes me a little sad we cleaned
out all the stuff that was here which
was a lot of stuff he organized the
special things on this shelf we're going
to move all of these clothes and put
them up here and then we're gonna put
her doll Closet in her closet but this
year's like up here under the dresses
you'll see it is very hard for me to get
rid of these they have holes in them
they're missing the things on them are
you okay if we get rid of these I want
to keep them just in case like little
cousins come over like Kate comes over
she convinced me these I will never get
rid of your little baby is going to wear
these one day I got these from Santa I
want you to get this tool and I want you
to get all of your princess dresses that
are stuffed in the corner and I want
them all hung up on this side this is
where all of her Barbies go
your dolls look so comfy over there
they're perfect there we decided we want
to put this in here there's enough room
that this can be stay open so you can
leave that open or you can close it
whatever dog clothes you want to put in
there I'm gonna let you do that right
now and then whatever is extra you can
put in the bag and stick behind there
okay and I'll work on this after
spending hours in Olivia's room we got
it mostly cleaned up we're waiting for
her bedding to dry before we go in and
do like a room tour so we're in here
working in the boys room we got their
table put in here that they got for
Christmas all their toys and I'm up on
Cody's bed trying to go through all of
their things up here and I know I'm just
being well no it's not even being anal
if you're gonna have Legos then you need
to keep track of your little LEGO pieces
and so it's just a struggle trying to
keep track of like the extra pieces so
many little things and pieces Cody's
working on finding me I try to keep the
instructions and the extra little pieces
in a baggie because I don't want to keep
the box because I mean I probably should
my brother has all of his boxes but it
takes up a lot of room and so I put them
in containers in a bag because it takes
up so much less space I don't know I
don't have a good way of doing it Cody
now that we've cleaned up your room are
you gonna be able to keep it clean yeah
I highly doubt that any of these rooms
are gonna stay clean for like a minute
so we have all of Boston's paw patrols
sound like aesthetically pleasing but
it's fine he plays with them literally
every day so it's fine that they're on
the floor this is my favorite thing that
you got code oh you don't like his Legos
Mexican see how nicely your bed is made
this is how nice I want you to make it
every day okay I know we have all of the
other Legos that Cody has made up in his
window seal Cody you are the Lego king
Lucy's working on it
you're just a tiny Lego King how about
you be the paw patrol King wait what
wait excuse me what did you just say
Joel I wish you were helping clean
instead of just making a mess this is
super fun what fun I think it's fun I
really do think it's fun that we're
going through all of our stuff and
getting it clean it's so much fun that I
don't even think I don't even know why
people go to Disney or not are you just
as hard as I am pretty hot too hurried
are you is ready for the Olivia hoing
room tour you're going to show what we
have done and we need to write Santa
Claus a letter and tell him that you
literally have no more room in your
bedroom for one tiny thing we have a
basket of all of Olivia's stuffed
animals because we went through them and
we couldn't find any that we could get
rid of they were all just too special
right yep we're going to come back to
this because we want to show them every
single thing in up she has her oven in
her fridge and all of her fun like
Hawaii things that remind her of Hawaii
her little American Girl doll table this
is well it's like a dollhouse bookshelf
kind of thing is that not so beautiful
of her pretty little things we got all
of her bedding washed she has her Seven
Dwarves
Olivia's picture of me and Mama and this
is where her dolls are gonna stay so one
night they can like sleep here fine and
you can put them to bed and then you can
go to bed right your room looks so good
we went through the closet and got all
the way cleaned out we moved a few
things around and we're gonna keep her
closet in your closet that looks really
good Olivia thanks for cleaning that we
want to show you Olivia's doll house but
first we have to show you the outside
because it's so cute those are faux
doors you can't actually use them you
know I was like usual
well you have liked it here that's all
they have lockers and they have like the
spot where a couple like lunch boxes or
when it's winter you can like put your
boots up here and when it's time to go
you can like hang down here and here
yeah this is like enormous bar to put
your shoes this is the fire one and this
store you can actually go in rang the
school and on this side there is a bell
as you can see every school has one
teacher or a lot just the teacher here
are like these cubbies and stuff this is
like science cubby recycle bin and we
have a pair of glasses for the teacher
there's fish in a bowl and there's a
plate windows that can go up and down
just a name you can always put normally
we want to suggest tipping over the
fishbowl because that would just be a
mess and the fish would die and that
would just be crazy right yes you can
open up the desk they put some things in
it you can hear it there's some tape it
is real so you can actually use that
I've been trying to get that out too
worth it when is lunch time she can have
carrots and celery and oh and some
vanilla yogurt yogurt which thighs like
my favorite type of yogurt behind her
there is a light on the whiteboard
whiteboard and you can't draw on it but
it kind of is not really good you know
you might not want to there's like these
cubbies that actually could open you can
put doll stuff in it I put like tons of
stuff in it
here are some records came off literally
the teacher's desk is my absolute
favorite she has her drink right here
she has a picture
these are tissues they are little paper
tissues a thing of markers and pens and
a pencil sharpener and stick you know
this and it pretend works right
there's a chalkboard behind her and
there's a clock that actually can work
there's like a light switch
mm-hmm I can make that not here's a clip
board where you can write the student's
name right if they were absent not
absent two moons and alphabet so
although I see here's where the T Joel
might like put like papers or homework
and the last thing I want to show you
this teacher top drawer and has
calculator to pencil sharpeners and then
eraser Olivia this is the cutest thing
in the world so do I call her mom cause
she's the grandma wait you could call
her mom okay mom I think you need to go
pick your girl up for school it's almost
time to go and love your skirt you look
so nice today
oh good the girls are ready for school
so does she stay home while everyone
else goes to school okay
I'm gonna go into my room and get some
work done and maybe edit a vlog so so
are these two friends then I've used two
friends twin sister come on you're gonna
be late for school I'm already halfway
there what are you thinking come on what
are you so sleepy if you wouldn't have
stayed up and round night maybe you'd be
ready for school who are you doing that
I'm seeing at the Billy no work thinking
about you boyfriend
ok let's go to school we're gonna be
late we're sisters and we share
everything
did you bring enough lunch for the both
of us No so are you gonna go hungry then
I am fine home lunch if that you brought
carry ancillary yogurt an apple Oh oh my
gosh silly goose okay here's my lunch
here's your lunch
let's go in hi teacher wait a minute
don't need to because no need okay oh
good morning beautiful girls come into
class please oh my goodness who does
your hair in the morning do you do your
own hair in the morning or does your
mama help you oh wow
she must be like an excellent vlogger
hair styler yo I'm sorry I'm assuming is
she of water sort of oh okay just maybe
not a very good one or popular one stick
with the plot okay I'm so sorry I'm just
teasing you okay Oh
stick to the plan stick to the plan oh
I'm so glad you brought your glasses the
other day when you came and didn't have
your glasses you couldn't see anything
on the whiteboard and maybe because the
whiteboards behind you but you know say
saying whatever okay I need to put
together a hmm I didn't really plan for
the day oh I've just been so sick I'm
sorry I've been sick over the winter
break all my students got me sick and
now I'm just I'm so sorry I thought we
were on winter break but apparently it's
summer thank you so much for reminding
me um today we're going to be doing a
science class I want you to look through
the microscope and we are going to study
the flu wait what are we looking at
blue virus just watch and learn
here is a microscope and I need you to
look through it and then you you are
gonna take these and you're gonna create
no oh oh sorry I thought you're drinking
something and it's just a little nervous
you especially cannot be drinking
anything it's science class oh honey
what are you doing I don't think that's
such a good idea to pour that in it are
they playing Mario is that God's
four-wheeler outside we might be getting
ready to go somewhere
we have Olivia's ring done we have Cody
and Boston's ring done we just have
Lincoln's room that we need to get put
together but I don't want to put it
together yet your minion because I'm
deciding what to do with my crib should
I sell it should I keep it for when I'm
a grandma and maybe have a bigger house
and I can have a crib room I don't
really know but he needs to go in as a
toddler bed but we're not gonna put you
in your toddler bed until after the new
year because once I put you in a toddler
bed you're gonna stay in a toddler bed
the reason I'm not doing anything is his
room yes because I just don't know me a
closet because I just don't quite know
exactly what I'm gonna do but I move
your hands oh it is not four o'clock we
have been working at getting the house
clean the vlog up all entire day and we
are ready to go outside get some fresh
air and do something fun can you go on
out and find daddy
this is the most beautiful setting ever
I'm being a lazy mom and I'm staying
inside George's brother Jeffery out here
with all the kids and they're doing
four-wheeler rides pulling him in the
sled if you come to pick him up
I'm chasing it that's so funny no it's
still there and it's still gorgeous well
that's a pretty cute snowman
Joel getting ready to whitewash you know
you absolutely will not I'm not scared
of you thank you I'll see you guys in
our next video
