put the backyard right now no all right
good money you guys chills getting the
kids in line and he's getting all the
bikes in the yard picked up because we
have Julie and Landon Julie and Landon
live out of state and they are going to
medical school and they are in town for
several weeks and so they are going to
spend a couple of days with us and I am
so excited we just went and bought tons
of groceries and we're going to go get
pizza and we're going to smoke pizza on
the Traeger Ellie and Jared are on their
way over and we literally are so excited
we spent all last night cleaning the
yard and we spent the day cleaning the
house I was a little useless though
because I couldn't do anything like I
just sat in a chair and I cried a little
because I couldn't do anything and
because I was like too weak to do
anything my hips hurt last night our air
conditioning window and so we're just
trying to get things figured out trying
to stay happy and calm yeah I'm happy
I'm happy
happy to be here and it has been a
little hard on you because I have been a
little out of commission today when we
were at the grocery store crazy that was
crazy
I don't think in all my three
pregnancies I've had um a contraction
like that like I I you go on your own
maybe um I've been induced with all
three and I just it stopped me in my
tracks I could feel it everywhere my
whole stomach was hard and it like took
my breath away but we've got the kids
pinned in the backyard because we're
like get into that car door we get the
groceries put away
hey Emma joy go find Cody okay let's go
my god each of you she's Cooper why did
you cry on the drive up here don't you
love being strapped in your car seat you
goofy boy what's it really was it the
whole time pry up our work my god I mean
I try to you look so cute
Emma and the district outfit did you did
she looks wonderful are you looking
around she says I seen this place before
have you been here a long time ago
you're so cute
don't go see Cody okay let's go he's in
the backyard get my leather shoes
oh you're waiting for your mommy do you
know what they've got all their fun toys
outside up at you through medicine Hill
what'd you wish for
well he wants to take this bird drying
he's like you just stepped on my feet
Cody ask her she wants to go for a ride
want me to put the seat down yeah well I
can tell that she's excited
Oh like it's a little overwhelming right
now yeah like I can tell she's excited
but I can tell she's like I don't really
know what to see I do okay
that's how I feel after four
Cody stop tell her to hold on to your
tummy so you put your arms around me
always going around the tree
Cooper's like what about me but I think
we're all trying not to look awkward
okay I know we all kind of look awkward
but we're just trying to get comfy I've
got little oh I almost had Jackson what
the heck is your name tell me this is
like mommy time and we're just gonna not
talk for a minute and close our eyes
because we know that the kids are going
to be up soon and we're gonna be like
why did we close our eyes for a minute
we should have done this 20 minutes ago
but we were snacking and talking they
say my house is freezing they're like
we're cold blanket okay first I need to
know how your guys's four-wheeling trip
went very cold no it wasn't it was free
it was Hall absolutely nothing lethal
shut up and you are so is that why
you're strip down and going the water
pool no if you want to see that you'll
have to go look at Elaine Jude's video
people like the blue
Elliot I can subscribe hey hey if you
are not if you don't know Ellie and
Jared or you don't watch their Channel
tell me down below because I assume that
everyone that watches me watches them so
if you just watch me and you don't know
coming down has been up like 40 minute
videos they would have like 10 my god
yeah well that's cause people will
complain if it's not we put up 7 10
minute videos and funny puts a three
eight minutes eight minute videos do I
don't even know her videos don't stop
complaining hey I gotta introduce you to
my cousins that's Todd or they're in the
blue and Kyle and his wife Jacy and
we're just having a little campfire
called are you excited that we're
finally gleich as your face.4 are you
are you excited we're finally having a
fire yeah and and my they've been
playing on their Bolivia honey is your
baby asleep too
good job honey
and he was so free
you could language it'll be will you
could you make sure this man I think
what is my turf I you know so close
something what are you crying for no
crying I'm gonna give you to your mama
I've put this kid to bed four times what
do you think you are doing
well I can see his little hand I can't
really see this patient ha ha ha
what are you doing awake ha ha ha IBG
smiling at me yes I Boston isn't he
naughty he's supposed to be in bed well
he's not going to bed but I think the
rest of us are thank you guys for
watching we are going to sit by the fire
and enjoy the rest of our night so we
will see you guys in the next video
hi
so this is the next day so I'm going to
add this in here because basically we've
done the same thing today we've just
played outside all day long the girls
are over there playing in the pool Emma
we have had so much fun having her here
and honestly the yard has been amazing
for the kids just don't roam
kids are like running around scraggly
we're just being hot hanging out yeah
and look at this cute little boy he's
just been sitting there in a soggy
little diaper lining up his tractors
being a little boy and it just reminds
me a lot of when I was young and we'd go
to my grandparents and we were that we
would just play all day outside and we
just did our own thing and it was hot
but we cooled off in the river see my
grandma had a river that lined her whole
like area her whole yard and it was
amazing that this is pretty cool too I
guess he'll just play Joel's going to be
ticked someone's been running through
his Bishop weed getting a fluffs up easy
little turkeys it was probably Boston
