today is my 30 week update and I can
hardly even say that without believing
it I only have 10 weeks left and with
every other pregnancy I have been so
swollen I have been so miserable that I
have just wanted that baby out and I it
almost makes me cry then I only have 10
weeks left because I do not want to not
be pregnant anymore I mean it is really
hard and this week I was really tired I
was so tired this week like I just
didn't want to do anything and I kind of
didn't do well actually yeah I had a few
really big days working around the house
when Joel had his days off in things and
I got a few little things done like I
pulled on my furniture away from my big
window and I opened up my shutters clean
my windows really good night dusted all
my shutters really well put all the
furniture back and I was spent oh my
gosh that took everything out of me
that that I had I just I couldn't and
that not going to bed I know and I've
worked hard because when I go to bed at
night my hips ache ache ache and then
like if I get up to you know get a tree
go to the bathroom whatever that's a
nightly thing for me get over it
I can't I honestly can't walk my mom
used to tell us oh I couldn't even walk
when I was pregnant with Ellie I kind of
wondered like why I didn't understand
why she couldn't walk but my hips they
feel like they're just they hurt so bad
like I just have to kind of move just a
little bit and then I can kind of walk
and I don't know it's kind of it's not
embarrassing but it's like oh my gosh I
can't walk I can't walk my hips hurt so
bad and I know it's bad in the morning
when I wake up and I feel like that
because usually in the morning I'm
feeling ok refreshed a little bit better
I actually am sleeping better than I
ever have with any of my pregnancies I
really just feel like I'm being blessed
because I don't know how I'm getting
through this I don't know how I am doing
so well I feel like I'm doing really
good I
gained a lot of weight but it's in
different areas then where I normally do
normally it is all in my face and in my
shoulders and in my arms and I just feel
like this big huge ball and yes I am
bigger because I am pregnant like my
arms and stuff but like it's my hips and
my butt I mean I'm sure you've noticed
it's like it's just all in that area and
in my thighs and anyway so the weight is
just kind of in different areas than my
other pregnancies have been but I'm
enjoying this and I don't want there's
two reasons that I don't want to have
this baby yet I look at Ellie look at
Julie and I look well my sister my
sister-in-law Emily doesn't count she's
like skinny and doing wonderful that
baby's doing great so she doesn't even
count she's like she's like a plus over
there but Julie and Ellie are like not
giving sleep at night and they're just
up and the babies blah blah blah and
it's like I don't want to do that I
don't know how I'm gonna do that I don't
when the baby gets here it will be
different because of course it'll be
like a breath of fresh air to not have
it in my stomach him in my stomach not
yet it is not an it he is in my stomach
and it'll be nice like I really am
looking forward to that but I'm just
nervous because Boston is a little bit
of a handful I know Olivia will be great
and the poor Cody when I brought Boston
home from the hospital he started
whining that was really when his whining
picked up and it's never stopped that
poor little guy he is so sweet but he's
a whiner he is a wife and I really I
told Joel when the baby comes it is my
job to take care of the baby a hundred
percent of my focus is on the baby and
it is the dad's job Joel's job to really
comfort those other kids to really step
it up and meet with those kids and I
don't know why that makes me emotional
it makes me a little emotion
because Joel is such a good dad I'm
really grateful for him I'm grateful for
my dad for taking care of us when we
were little my dad is so great he's so
funny he's so funny he's a strict strict
guy and I think that's where I get it
from I'm very strict I'm kind of a mean
strict mom but when it's playtime it's
playtime and playtime makes up for those
other times you know it's just I don't
know and I give you Marshall too because
this baby's coming and it's hard having
a baby but I'm really excited I don't
know I just have these like all these
mixed emotions I don't know what this
day is making any sense at all but
that's what's going on oh and I was
feeling pretty not pretty and so I was
like I I'm gonna bleach my teeth I'm
gonna put some self-tanner on so I put
some bleach on in two seconds after it
was on I was like my god so I ripped the
bleach off and I had blisters all over
my gums I'm like are you kidding me the
print pregnancy just it just you never
know what your body is gonna do when you
do routine things anyway so I didn't
quite get the teeth bleached but I did
put some self-tanner on and I'm feeling
a little bit better about myself now ten
always makes you look a little more
Splenda so I feel good having that on
tonight um I'm a little more perky today
be cut well I'm I'm a little I have a
little more in my step today because my
sister Julie is in town from Kansas City
and we are gonna go down and play with
her little kids and all the grandkids
are gonna be together at my mom's house
and we're just going to play I hope the
weather cooperates it probably won't but
that doesn't matter I bought lots of
treats for the weekend
I'm just cuz joel has the weekend off
I'm just really pumped for this upcoming
week and I told Joel July is a really
fun time but I'm gonna be just right
around the corner from having the baby
but I do not want that to stop me even
though it's really hard and I know you
have to take it easy because physically
you have to there is just no
pretend I'm not pregnant do whatever I
want because it really wears me down
like today getting ready it was makeup
only no hair slicked my hair back in a
bun and because I did not have the
energy to do both and I had to sit down
the whole time during while I was doing
my makeup because I just get so
exhausted but I want to try I want to
try to go and do just so that I can
enjoy this summer I'm not sure if I said
anything worth listening to today I
don't even remember what I've said so
far but let me just tell you guys I
appreciate you for watching these videos
giving these videos thumbs up and just
supporting me I love your guys's
comments and I appreciate them and I am
just excited to have this baby and I am
really really happy that I have
documented the growth of the pregnancy
and how things have been going because
I'm going to love them I'm gonna love
these when I get older and I know my
kids are gonna love him because I would
love to look back and see my mom talk
about her pregnancies and her growing
belly through it and I was not going to
do belly shot like I wasn't gonna show
you my belly growing because I was
embarrassed about it because it wasn't
like on this stick figure with a pretty
little bump but I am really glad that I
did because I wish I'm sure that it's
not as bad as maybe I'm making it out to
be in my mind hopefully hopefully it's
not worse but I'm glad that I have them
I'm glad to look back on those and I
just appreciate you guys and I'll see
you in my next video bye
