so today's vlog is going to be a little
bit backwards because I started out the
day and I don't think I ever said hello
and so I'm gonna say hello now I am
tired I am feed my stomach is so tight
so I'm gonna stay here and kind of just
tell you a little bit about the day yeah
you're pointing to my feet why are you
pointing to my feet am I mad yeah I'm
mad you go around my feet I went to I
almost missed my appointment but I had a
appointment to get a pedicure and I was
so excited I came home my legs were nice
and shiny with like this stuff and I was
sitting on the front porch and all the
kids came out of the house they were all
in bed and at first I was really ticked
because they've had a fun busy day and
now they're all awake
Boston was being so cute though he went
and grabbed a handful of dirt threw dirt
on my nice clean shuck knee leg which I
was ticked but then but then he tripped
and he stepped on my toenails
didn't you get me yep oh your jammies
who gave you your jammies ha ha ha
pajama ha ha yeah he stepped on my
stinking fresh toe a finger Salvage did
a little but these toes needed they
needed to be painted
so I really was kind of ticked and he
knew it and the kids I was a little
chick than they were awake but instead
he got on my chair but instead I was
like okay you're gonna be awake you're
in a weed and so we all tried weeding
and I say we all tried because of course
they're just little and they didn't do
that great of a job and I'm huge and I
can hardly bend over and so whatever we
kind of got things we did joel has been
so good to get the lawn mowed and I
don't know it's kind of nice being at
here when it's nice and cool anyway so
that's kind of um this is the ending of
our day and so now I'll go ahead and
introduce you to our morning and the
rest of our day it's actually been
really fun we've gotten a lot of work
done we're all really tired and tomorrow
we still have another big day ahead of
us we're gonna I think we're gonna try
and frame the kids closet so anyway well
I want to know where you're taking
Olivia to her friend's house yeah when
when done working I can't let a friend
yeah so you're gonna stay home and work
with Daddy and you're gonna yep so you
go drop Olivia off at her friend's house
I'll push one of these buttons and buy
one yo then I'll push your do you want
you want to hear the noises let's hear
those are cool okay get going take her
to her friend's house code hurry cuz dad
needs your help
little smile turned around I was gonna
say good morning everybody
um but we have a full day of work
oh hey it's you oh hey fancy seeing you
guys here I've seen you guys on the blog
okay what are you doing up there I wanna
know oh well I'm pulling all of our
every time we build a closet or do any
remodel I always have leftovers and I
store them and I got a pulling wall down
but the shell to this truck that's not
even mine anymore is in my stinking way
hey Dad can get your shell hear me old
man oh yeah we seriously got like all
this extra one stuff I hope we have
enough so we don't have to buy any new
do you think we'll need two mm-hmm oh
but just not as much baby I've got a lot
more than I thought
really yeah good I think I've got all
the stuff to make the Cubbies really
which speaking of which you ought to
kind of draw out what you want mmm paper
so I can kinda start mapping it out okay
you got a draw before you put it down
because one's expensive mm-hmm so you're
gonna work Kody's gonna be your little
helper and I think I'm gonna do I'm
gonna go do the dishes and the real hard
labor bit well it actually kind of is
when I'm standing there and I'm doing
the dishes my back hurts so bad cuz I'm
arched I'm like arched the whole tanks
my stomach's in the way it's really hard
there's a small violin somewhere so huh
I'm going to do dishes and kind of clean
up and then I'm probably gonna sit I'll
probably bring a chair wherever you are
and sit and watch I like what's he gonna
do oh you know a little of this a little
of that the razor in look at it a little
bit of this a little bit of that I have
that same outfit mom huh hey cut off
Seguin short he knows I'm like here
voiding me you're avoiding me
last night I said to him I said I'm
gonna miss you and you know what he said
he goes we'll miss you grandma yeah cuz
he definitely always says we'll miss you
grandma you're so good at that
oh that little bum who could resist your
little bum bum oh oh yeah you're not
talking about mine that's embarrassing
are you you're helping daddy okay you
get those wheels nice and clean what did
you say get in there boy I'm gonna tell
these guys a story while you guys work I
was peacefully taking a nap while Boston
was napping and the doorbell not like
really or the doorbell knock the door
knock really loud and I was like I knew
that Joel is gone with the kids and so I
was like oh I got a hurry and get up so
he doesn't like ring the doorbell
so the he's the wake up Boston and I
answered the door and it was like pest
control guy and my eye was like still
kind of shoving I'm like hello and and
he was like oh I gave your husband my
card and you know detta then he's like
um you look really familiar
and I was like no sorry I don't know you
still just like out of it and he's like
do you do YouTube and I was like oh yeah
he's like I think my wife watches you
he's like and you have a sister and I'm
like yeah and he's like yeah she watches
your sister no and it was just so funny
because I like perked right up and I was
like oh how funny and I honestly was
like I like instantly felt like he was
my friend like I wanted to be like you
should win you because I'm totes gonna
have him spray my house for bugs in the
fall because that's just fun like that's
just cool anyway so I'm seriously wanted
to be
bring your wife ever come to the house
and say hi it was just really cool to
have him here I was like I wanted to
like invite him in the house or
something is that retarded ja yeah he
was a really nice guy and I'm seriously
gonna have him spray in the fall and we
need it yeah we're waiting for Boston to
wake up we really want to go and dust we
really want to go pick out paint colors
for the boys new room you are all those
colors in your room it could be water
earth and Fire he looked at his room
this morning and he's like cuz I was
like look how good your room is looking
and he goes where's my blinds that's all
he wants is blind huh see the mean you
don't like the mean moon yeah makes it
kind of feel creepy doesn't it let me
that moons been mean to me one want me
to go let's go back Shane it's so hot
though is that what you're doing yeah
it's like drying fecha hmm a better view
it's really dirty under here so funny oh
that's so squishy
oh that makes you laugh thank you for
making me laugh I'm a mama hey Olivia
what kind you want
do you know what color you want
so you kind of want a rainbow one oh
honey I don't know if I can watch it
right now okay you wanna Lewin
I thought girl
you want that - I'm sure you do
he just hanging out in the shade waiting
for our snowy I think we've been working
really hard today of course we have I'm
exhausted and I took it
I'm exhausted and I took a nap I really
have not been feeling very good I've
been my stomach has been really really
tight lately and I just haven't booked
with us but oh oh
kaka kaka don't eat that ice that's just
in there keep your Boston can here
don't show him the nails we did here
we've had several people send us some
Jamboree stickers and I've never tried
them before and I didn't think I was
going to love him but mean Olivia we did
your nails every day huh
and they've actually stayed I'm super
super good yeah that's just paint
they're coming it's coming here they see
that car I love that you loves cars me
too I kind of hate that this snowy shot
is so close to the road the like main
road is right here it kind of makes me
nervous okay
do not throw ice out on the road if I
saw a little kid throwing ice out on the
road
I'd be ticked don't seriously I'd be
really mad at the public you
and you know that would make me even
more mad because if one of you kiddies
got hurt but please stay right here on
the grass okay I think our snowy's are
almost here me
so you know what I think we're going to
say goodbye
I bet you did no crap honey it'll still
be all right
yeah I think you still have enough in
there it'll taste all right knocked over
your snowy didn't check thank you it's
really good
is yours really good and yours is really
gone huh
got me some good frozen slushy though
hey man they're so juicy I always ask
for like no juice so they're not so
fussy I'm sorry you spilled you're
smoking you know it's still good
don't worry now we'll say goodbye
oh boy yep now it's really time to say
goodbye isn't it it's not a party until
the youngest starts streaming or someone
starts screaming I am vlogging yeah this
boy loves the bath and why do you love
the bath why yeah watch the milk yeah
dear farm okay
say goodbye bye
