what and make breakfast all by myself
because I want to do
she used to be surprised well I heard a
bunch of ruckus in the kitchen and at
first I was kind of mad cuz I thought
what is she doing in there she's gonna
wake everybody up and then I wondered I
wondered what you were doing
do you want to show me this is Boston
right here this is Cody so mrs. Cody
has to share so okay so this subway : so
this is a drink for Cody and Boston
share okay did you already toast them
yeah and you put the toaster away
already
uh-huh okay and I just clean it I did
the dishes I could just let me up here
Lucy gave me much on the plate but I go
oh wow that looks really great okay oh
my feet just got left so this is mommy's
living like I mean oh we got special
glasses so what's on the toast is there
anything on the toast what is that
anybody oh my own sago whoopsie perfect
oh this has honey butter yeah I remember
everybody saw me butter really that's a
lot of milk my gosh
yeah my tummy's going to be nice and
full that was so sweet of you and you
know what that is the perfect start to a
perfect day you know where we're going
today grandma grandma yeah today's a
special occasion because we're going to
Graham
and I wanted to do a bit of a surprise
since we're going to Grandma's who's
going to be there and my in my cousin's
Emma and Cooper and Porter we've never
met Porter because they live out of
state don't they yeah a different state
okay but we are um we're going to get
our swimsuits in a bag and get packed up
and ready to go and we're gonna go see
all the cousins cuz I think just
stinking all of them are going to be
there today I think are we going really
negative we might play in the little
kiddie pool if there's if it's warm
enough but I'm thinking it's not going
to be warm enough I think it's gonna be
okay Cody still asleep I can't believe
it was gonna boss - would you like Cody
what like I was trying to find it
because I thought he was havean for me
he came and crawled in bed with me while
you're asleep
yes and you know what I just let him
stay there cuz he never does that
hmm so he's still asleep hey let's go
get ready I am holding when we think of
his name hold on Cooper Porter I'm
holding Porter for the first time and
this is Julie's baby and all the other
grandkids they are going for a little
ride right now and of course the only
one crying is Boston
can you not turn it the only one crying
out of all seventy-fifth is Boston
Glenda's back
for me
little I like Monica I did kiss it
it's okay you're mad at fans when you're
working this in the back everybody knows
work code boy he he was pretty ticked
that he didn't have his work gloves but
more like my buddy oh you got this
finger full listen out there you go sir
there there we go you just use those for
now okay we'll make sure to get a pair
of work gloves in the suburban for you
so we will have them with us always okay
keep it all right watch my true Oracle
I'm sure gosh what the heck was I
thinking leaving the house without them
yeah you kids will run and put in the
trailer okay
that's a good idea I mean one place we
like you're using me coming come and
take these off of here and give those to
the grandkids
hey where's Olivia come here
did you hear what grandma said come here
come here come here
now listen grandma's gonna take these
pins off and then you're gonna go get
them on the trailer get going I'll grab
the pen Jackie I go in again you one
yeah and then we're gonna go in a new
one okay and get helping okay okay go
help we'll go grab him go grab him
that trampoline tarp I got was on my
11th birthday and I want 700 so how old
is that a long time ago well and I
didn't know this did you know this mom
and dad got the the bars like this steel
part of it from Grandma and Grandpa did
you know that oh shut up how are you
honey
this will kill the chat was like 33
years old so they're going to take it
down and they are going to get a new one
today I think that's so fun ok bring
them all over here and we'll get them in
a big pile then you want to help put it
ok get him in there good job you bring
him get him in there will you are like
working like a dog what sweetie and I'm
gonna say you're gonna get a trailer
okay right or she wants to ride in it
again okay goes use a little blue he
said
like stepping on the bottom I know I'm
really biased but I think my brother
Bobo is so cute yeah oh my gosh
mom says this has got cancer and you can
you can see it's just cantering along
here oh my gosh that's insane
look at the ground shavings of just rest
oh but this is really bad
it's really old because what happens
when you get a cute watches that knock
it off the mm-hmm yes it's this like
monumental and sad come on once we um
once thanks for letting us ride in the
truck my drama wait two things why did
you only bring us well I guess you got
lucky today didn't hear and since this
used to be Olivia's truck I thought it
made sense to bring the three little
girls that are Olivia's Olivia's age and
what are we gonna do when you're
traveling once we get into a blanket
so we sew it we mention that none of it
comes out so work so we're on our way to
get a new trampoline aren't we okay well
let's go well we're headed minutes put
your seatbelt on grandma
oh yeah no matter how could I stop
pushing
yeah
push push push push push
oh my dad if you're already wet you just
gotta go sit in there and hang out now
in the pee water Orin
I was required thinking you were gonna
do something mean
you're hoping for something main yeah I
was thinking we're gonna have all the
kids crying and I go crazy and I just
got boss
I'm so sorry baby Cody are you taking
cover with each other it's calmed down a
little bit now we're all kind of yes you
see Cody helping over there things of
calm down oh yes I'm so sorry what were
you saying mom oh just really hitting
today cuz gonna talk about your
trampoline when you were little and now
I'm buying there chose yes or the one on
Apple the dog feels good to sit in the
shade visiting watching the boys work
seriously this is lastly in their house
that tastes big boy oh that tastes big
boy did the Box break what's that board
room towards the back of the box yeah so
my battery died set my parents which is
probably a good thing
because I would have had so much footage
um today was an amazing day it truly was
such like a rejuvenating like we haven't
all been together as siblings since last
October and so it's been over a year
that we've all seen each other and for
us that's a really long time but it was
amazing just to have all the little kids
together all the siblings together and I
feel so bad cuz Joel's at work
and he's going to be working late
tonight and so I actually got all the
kids in the house myself they are all in
bed
and I was panting by the time I got him
all done and the kids were like can we
just sleep with you I'm like oh sure
I'll see what Joel says when he gets on
because we we never sleep with the kids
but they look so cute
I even hauled up his little mattress yes
there's a little monkey she's in bed
with me and when Joel gets home we'll
figure it out
but they were too cute to not let him so
I just wanted to say goodnight to you
guys and I'll see you guys in our next
video and thanks for watching bye
