hey you cool kids with your sunglasses
are you ready to go shopping
hey cool kids okay we do not have a
target up in Logan where we live so we
are so excited every time we come down
because we stop at Target I'm not sure
if it's a good thing or a bad thing Joel
but every time I leave I leave with like
a huge haul I like it because they have
everything that I need but they kind of
also have everything that I want so it's
good for like big shopping trips but
also it's perfect for like the little
fill-in shopping trips you know okay so
every summer every summer this is what I
do I get stocked up on things for the
summer
toys for the yard all sorts of stuff for
barbecue so I'm kind of excited to see
what they've got Olivia look what they
have look did you say you needed so you
okay here Olivia come here listen I
think Cody should pick out a boy a
colored one and over here look these
ones are pink
do you want the pink ones or the orange
ones these ones okay I thought that I
thought are these for little kids are
they the kid size oh yeah they're the
kid size do you know what those are even
used for Cody do you know yeah they're
goggles there for water underneath you
put what you put them on and when you
want to look under water
yeah so I think the rain is finally
supposed to be clearing up this week and
so I want you to pick me out a really
good watermelon pretend like you know
trick the green and I don't know with
okay good with this pregnancy I have
really been craving like watermelon and
cherries and grapes and just like things
that are fresh so I don't and I think
this weekend we want to have a little
barbecue so I think we're just gonna get
everything we need for our barbecue you
want to have a barbecue oh hi
seriously Joel these look amazing hey
this is a big back to troll I've been
telling you I wanted a hundred percent
pure maple syrup look at that you know
guy do you know why I like this one
what cause it's glass okay grab that one
yes I think we have everything on my
list for a barbecue we've got all of our
like fresh fruit and our hot dog buns
are hamburgers definitely paper plates I
always stock up on guys yeah I always
stock up on paper plates before this
summer I usually don't using too much in
the winter but definitely for the summer
and Joel if anyone knows me if I have
company coming over what is literally
the first thing that I'm gonna run clean
okay the only thing I think I need is
about a toilet cleaner let's get it Tim
can we go over to the fun stuff
can we go over to Lake
the jewelry and the baby clothes that's
the really I think it's a fun okay okay
so I'm pretty I'm pretty sure that we
have everything that we need but without
fail I will forget something and I like
knowing that I can just make a quick
target run for the little things in case
I do because I'm pretty sure that I will
always ah huh look like like it says
which is the king of pool do you think
that's cute
I do too I think my favorite part of
target is their clothes are you kidding
me I wish Olivia was still a baby
because these baby clothes oh they're
just want to see do you think these are
cute they're yoga pants okay well let me
hold it up Jake come here it's like a
yoga outfit that's okay okay hold the
pants up to you do you like the orangie
shirt would you like the pink shirt yeah
I knew you'd say that
pink one yep the pink one it looks good
with those capris anyway seriously yoga
pants for a five-year-old okay thank you
okay potty break okay yep I don't know
why but I am so excited to pick out a
new baby bottle to me it's just like
refreshing picking out a new fresh baby
bottle for the next baby
ok I think we're going to look through
all this cute baby stuff and maybe find
something for the new baby and something
that I like is if they don't have your
size here in the store a lot of times
you can order it online and I will leave
targets link down below if you wanna
check target.com out because a lot of
times they will be out of stock or like
out of a size or something so it's kind
of easy to check that out but thanks for
coming on our target shopping run with
us yeah thanks for watching guys we'll
see in our next video bye
