so I have a few minutes because I am
just a teensy bit early so I wanted to
tell you guys about my morning just
really quickly um this morning I woke up
well I was going to wake up with all
intentions of showering doing my hair
getting all the way ready because it
feels really good to have an excuse to
like get your makeup on and to like get
your hair all the way done and I just I
thought okay I'm gonna let y'all sleep
in and so I'm gonna take the kids and
put them in the bathroom and put a movie
on on the iPad for him I'm not a huge
fan of entertaining kids through iPads
and iPhones and things like that because
to me they're just not toys they are
very expensive adult toys I guess
they're just anyway personal preference
doesn't matter if you do or don't but I
put a movie on the iPad for them set it
on the toilet turn the heater on they
all three sat on the heater watched a
movie and I just laid in the bathtub and
I of course I used a bath bomb from lush
and I just soaked in the tub
Boston was in his little diaper and he
kept looking over at me and he kept
saying to me wow wow tummy didn't Olivia
it was really really sweet you know how
was sometimes as parents you try to
create these magical moments and they
just never work out seriously they just
never work out and this morning wasn't
planned it was just tender like I just
felt like a mom with this baby bump in
the bathtub and my little children
sitting on the heater vent watching a
movie letting our daddy's sleeping cuz
he works those stinking guts out for us
and I don't know it just was it was a
really nice way to start the morning but
I just couldn't get going I just
couldn't get out of that relaxed mode
and so when we got out of the tub we
went downstairs and the kids watched
another movie and I laid in the rocking
chair and I just kept thinking to myself
you know I really should get up and get
ready but I just don't want to I'm just
too tired and
so I don't know when the last time I
washed my hair was and I just put on
minimal make-up and we are out the door
and I just kind of let the kids you know
changing cells today and they did a
really good job so now I think it's time
for us to head to of my doctor's
appointment you hold my hand when we go
in okay well that's not holding my hand
she's like little boys open doors for
girls and this is my Tola I tell Olivia
boy is open doors for ladies but if you
don't act like a lady you're not a lady
did you take a drink out of those cups
check on the kids because she was having
a drink out of one of those colors I
just showed the kids what those cups are
actually for and they were completely
grossed out until I showed them the
magic hole in the wall where you open
the little door stick to urine sample in
there and then I closed it and I said no
watch it's gonna disappear and when I
heard the nurse take it I said no look
and they were like so Olivia didn't feel
too bad after that I am probably more
excited than I should be my appointment
went really really well we talked about
um Ellie and Jared's video her dog put
down below because it was uh mazing I
told dr. Kirkman I said I saw you in LA
and Jared's video he's like how many
views does it have and he was asking me
like how many subscribers do you have he
is the sweetest I like I genuinely love
that man but anyway um I only gained 5
pounds this month and I I know that's
like Oh some people might not think
that's amazing but for the
last three months I've gained ten pounds
each month and so I don't even know I
just I'm really excited that I only
gained five and hopefully I can do the
same or better for next month I'm gonna
really try so I did good on my weight my
blood pressure is doing really good it's
always really low I always have really
really low blood pressure and then
lastly I have the glucose test I should
have gone in for an appointment maybe a
week or two ago but I just haven't I'm
not just conflicts and stuff and I just
haven't felt like doing it but I have my
glucose test that I will take next week
and yeah I'm sure it will be fine
usually the last couple pregnancies I
was borderline gestational diabetes so
hopefully I'm doing good I've been
eating better this pregnancy and so I'm
thinking that I will be just fine thanks
for watching this week and I will see
you guys in my next video bye
usually I have music going to this yes
you are to see me I have to reveal tour
I'm not gonna like be able to do this
hmm me a little serenade II you happy
bird good morning good morning it's
great to stay up late good morning good
morning to the belly bump very cute okay
it's not making me sing
or you seem so proud of yourself
just too hard to drive it all the way
back push it
is it just too hard doing it the other
way
good job you are just so handsome
so here's them again sweet ride hey hey
hey hi
ah
there we go
nice outfit not as nice as mine oh you
grabbed my get to those yummy yes
I'm gonna get rid of my gum because
Ellie one time chewed gum in her video
and got crucified so I didn't hug her to
chew gum what
forgot about the gum again
