okay now I told you that if you took her
hair out of the ponytail her hair was
just done for but her bun kind of came
out because that's what girls do they
play with the dolls hair and that's just
what's going to happen but oh did you
get her cape on did you tie it okay so
Olivia found this bag and tied the cape
on okay so she's kind of situated here
and Olivia took the bun out and cloned
her hair all out and no I didn't take
the BAI not I didn't take it off it just
kind of came out okay and Olivia is not
quite happy I don't know if you can see
these stray hairs she doesn't really
like those and she doesn't really like
that the hair is a little bit curly well
it's early because I look like I want a
cheetah
I wanted to do it like no we're not
going to kind of that short we're not
going to cut it that short hey know what
we're going to do is just cut these
little stray ones at the bottom okay
yeah and right here I don't really like
it okay so why don't you hold the camera
and hold it on your doll look in the
screen and make sure you hold it just on
your dolly okay so what we're going to
do is cut just these stray ones down
here okay so that it's all one length
yeah and then over here it's just a
teeny bit longer but that's okay we're
not going to cut too much off because if
you ever want it back in the bun there
we go
is that a little bit better now I need
to cut like these things how can you
look at why yes this is frightening but
it's better that I'm supervising than if
you did it yourself okay so you don't
like those strands of by your face okay
not too many I have to get all of them
you can like I don't
now do we cut dolls hair without mom
okay
you're just getting the little stray
ones aren't ya okay okay now maybe later
we'll try to put her hair back in the
bun but for now no oh okay
but for now she's just gonna have it
down and kind of have that cute little
kink huh
I think it's cute I think you did a
really good job no no no no no no well
you can't do too much hen you can't chew
much okay well you know what what's her
name okay
I think Tina looks beautiful she would
take the cape off here I'll hold the
scissors
I think Tina looks wonderful Oh Tina you
look great and you didn't even get any
hair on you that's wonderful Olivia good
job do you know that some moms would not
let their little girls cut so you're
kind of lucky yeah because I'm like I'm
almost six and you know how to cook
because I having cutting things that
school I've been learning now it is but
we actually we sit in our seats and then
we look at and then they could it what
we have to do and we wants me to tree
I wanted to show you guys but I had it
morning I know and you paint and roll
like Christmas ball things on the tree
and I picked litter I just glitter out
school that we use yeah and glitter
awesome okay put the Cape away put the
garbage can away good job Olivia that
was really great for your first haircut
pretty soon you're going to be doing my
hair for me huh she was like um yeah
good morning guys
today we are celebrating Boston's
birthday and the reason we are
celebrating it today and not last week
is because we were out of town last week
and it just things got really crazy and
I know that's like it sounds like so
selfish like we were busy and we didn't
do our son's birthday but if it makes
you feel any better um we had our Joe
and I have our eighth year anniversary
on Tuesday and we totally didn't even
celebrate it and as he was leaving on
his way to work I was like oh yeah it's
our anniversary he's like ok well I hope
you enjoy the suburban I bought you and
I'm like yeah I hope you enjoy the rims
I bought you so it's just been a little
bit of a whirlwind but today where are
we going we gonna go try and get a lot
of water gun no 3-yr guns and a couple
lots of pullings on one chair and I'm
about to kick by the chair yes but and
what today what were you just doing
I saw what did you do everything from
Fela casinos I'm winking she does oh
okay take we're gonna go get and we're
gonna go get an ice cream cake aren't we
yes
yeah ice cream guy we're good we're just
doing my coat then we're gonna go mop
we're gonna kill a lot of water guns for
us and here's my Frank cuff Clark yes
you love your friend Clark don't you
like
do you like those balloons - yeah yeah
yeah
no Olivia he doesn't want you to touch
the balloons in the dog yeah I know but
he doesn't want choo-choo I for often
I'm for and you to do dolly
he heard you yeah are those your balloon
Hill okay that one says Happy Birthday
boss ten I love our area and Cody okay
first we're gonna sing happy birthday
okay I don't know we got an ice cream
cake and I don't know Joe you're gonna
have to like pre-drill some holes for me
here
really yeah can you do that like what
what could no I have to match you have
two blue ones
oh you want to blue yeah I have to match
oh hey Olivia while daddy is
pre-drilling okay you know what love no
that's pink you wanna have pink candles
for your son what's wrong with you look
at all the candles in there boy fect
look look I found the perfect little pre
Olivia made that last night what is it
Olivia
so it gave me a bath or it could be a
looking yep you made him a telescope
didn't check uh-huh
one for herself ah that's right gallon
oh no I'm sorry about it uh I'm excited
about this I'm not an ice cream cake fan
but this looks good I know I sat in the
cold stone for like five minutes looking
through all the cakes and I was just my
mouth was watering the whole time I want
to follow them so try to use now listen
we're gonna let Boston blow it out so
you too uncle yeah
you will he'll know what to do look how
happy he and do you know that this is
for you oh wow you want to blow it okay
all right debe allah should we start
singing no no happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear Boston way
happy birthday to you and Lenny more
boat out get down get down here
good boy do it again yeah bye see you
and open a present no I want to you know
he wants to see a candle burn twice
twice oldest joke in the back oh yeah
white males not you better tell buddies
hey should we open a present okay okay
open your present
hey you guys show him how just a little
just a little okay yes we are yes we are
we always offended again Billy okay rip
it open for him okay
he's kind of not too interested
my jacket to put on yeah okay so we went
to a like a little party of like a lake
party and they had these puddle jumpers
um yeah life jackets and they are cool
Olivia you open the first one we're
gonna let Cody open this one look at it
you so excited
your army he's like I don't know what
this is but I like it
they're really cool because they don't
let the kids float
facedown they kind of prop you up a
little bit you're getting strapped in
there and you know what we got one first
Oh Olivia once you look okay look I
happy he is he like wants for his mouth
start tearing it and then let him care
of the rest
he's playing with toys here he's like
stiffness well they go up higher on
their arms that's like on his elbow
right now fucking mouth opening oh yeah
we accounted for the neighbors yep we
accounted for the neighbors because we
didn't want people fighting over water
gun yes yep good job quick minute Cody's
let's go it's double sided
hey Cody guess what we got your life
jacket too ah here clearance carries
like yeah but I've got I've got a wider
Ben why don't you electric yeah see code
what there's one for you
grab one yes because they all need life
jackets so this summer don't we throw a
little prayer mr. Wei Teresa - grandma
Kerrigan grandma Cole no she has too
many granted wish was wishing you an
extra big helping of happiness today
happy birthday Carrie Carrie again a
little handwriting I think should we put
your money okay okay we will yeah okay
look
hey Justin Cody just a minute Boston
should we put them right he knows what
to do if that I think you have to fold
it one more time one now can you push
her my head good yeah I know whose is
the lightest one of all he's not old
enough to beg for money yet it's full of
bills yeah happy birthday baby boy two
years me no oh you little piggy food all
right yeah take Cody what's your
favorite thing about Boston I like the
water gun
no what's your favorite thing about
Boston what do you love about your
brother
I love okay Olivia what is your favorite
thing about your brother Bosco ah
telescope all right all right
daddy what's your favorite thing about
your boy Boston he I feel like I lived
through him he's just like me like loves
the Tonka trucks loves the guns loves
just being a boy roughhousing like I
feel like I live through him my favorite
thing about Boston is his little
personality I love the faces that he
makes to me I like that he's well I kind
of like that he's a little bit stubborn
like he just I just love his little
personality
hey who who's this special girl who's
here am i a beautiful thing tonight
she's grandma Bayou Gemma's too
Cooper and to see my Cooper some too
well I cannot think of a better way to
close our log Cooper is still in Kansas
City yeah he's gonna come next week Cody
Emma can you say I had a really nice
time Emily can you give me a wink look
at me can you give me a tall perfect you
sweet girl everyone give me a wink oh
good I'll live EP give me one yes Jessa
get all the flowers
