we are going for a drive road trip
so with baby number four on the way we
decided we needed a new vehicle you
people have asked about and yeah we've
had several questions on what we're
going to be driving well we decided that
we really wanted to get a suburban and
so we have been shopping around we have
gone to many different dealerships we
have gone to many different car salesmen
and very quickly we knew that we wanted
to go up to Kellogg Idaho to Dave Smith
auto because a few people we went into
at several different dealerships we told
them what we wanted we told them how
much we wanted to pay and what were we
told Joel you're looking for a pink
unicorn they told us we were looking for
a pink unicorn and when we called Jesse
up at Dave Smith Auto he said okay I'll
find it and he found our pink unicorn we
dropped all our kids off at the
grandparents house and so we have a
little vacay together which we're pretty
excited about and so it is an eight hour
drive so we'll see you when we get there
we finally finally made it to our hotel
that was a long drive but I think people
come from much further around to shop at
Dave Smith because the airport actually
shuttles you in for free too Dave Smith
we came here to this hotel and they gave
us a wicked good discount because we're
buying a car from Dave Smith Auto and um
I don't know it was just so cute and we
drove past a lot Carla goes on forever
no it's not just a lot it's like a
street you drive down a street and
there's just shiny beautiful cars
everywhere thank you thank you and this
hotel is so cute she saw she saw that I
was pregnant and she's just rummaging
through the fridge she got us like a
glass of milk and she's bringing us out
a bagel brought us out an apple and an
orange apiece because everything is
closed so this is just this is a good
way to end our night I cannot wait for
tomorrow good morning you guys we are
here to pick up our suburban this place
is unreal it's it's crazy I've never
been to a dealership like this this is
on Main Street and the whole I swear the
whole street is there lot and I don't
know if I'll be able to do it justice
but I will show more as we go down but I
think we're gonna go in and start
talking to somebody
we're gonna talk to people yeah where I
was part we did all the work I was able
to come up here last week her too for
the past three weeks have had him
looking for me
cars he found it exactly works already
ready for us we're just what's taking
her just here to pick it up so you can
see just down the street
everything looks so shiny
and ready yes I think we're just walking
over there the guy's office seriously
this place it's so shocking I can't even
believe it it's not right here
grills going barbecues these pink
stickers are everywhere you go oh got
that built up in that's the windshield
wipers oh can you see it
Joel this is a well I all sides are
pretty to me she is beautiful get in
there here I'll get in there get in
there get me Vanna White that thing yeah
that's it that's it
Vanna White Vanna White big but I'm
pretty sure my trucks bigger no this is
way smaller than I pick up it's not way
small I've been a little bit fit in the
garage finally I think she is beautiful
she is so clean good tires kick the
tires um don't kick my wheels I don't
know why I feel nervous it's like I
don't want to get in and dry there I
just want to look at it oh she's pretty
these are all of the sold vehicles just
today literally the sales guy told us on
a Saturday they'll move 100 vehicles and
today today ours is one of them so he's
just getting our key now come on Dave
Smith swag nice go ahead it's actually
gives anybody or everybody well there's
your last key for you thank you again
for your business you guys take care
I'll do my usual so so do we do we have
to sell to you for a dollar because
grandpa sold uh we we want out of this
deal what are we laughing at yep dad's
trying to buy our truck for a dollar
this is for tax purposes
make it
my grandpa owned a 1973 suburban for
about 20 years and then he sold it to my
brother for $1 and my brother drove that
for a while and my dad is the proud
owner of a 1993 suburban and Joel we are
the new owners of a 2015 suburban aren't
we holler yeah
and these Suburbans they've hauled what
hundreds of scouts lots of family
camping trips fishing trips family
reunions taking neighbors to movies
ballgames but mostly camping out yes and
Joe and I are really excited to do the
same we're excited to raise our family
and our new suburban and haul Scouts and
go fishing and camping and whatever
things the end for wheeling
four-wheelers and for wheeling we look
forward to many years with our new
suburban yep
