guys look for Jackson okay should we
open those okay oh and very he's off so
today I have Jackson yeah should we open
those okay lay down I'm gonna have mine
okay
I have Jackson so that Ellie can come
home and have a day with her baby and
come home from the hospital and have a
day with her baby and I'm scared oh okay
I'm scared my strategy I think cuz they
all just we just got out of bed so I
think yes is it time to change your
diaper so I'm gonna close the door after
I locate Jackson again and we're gonna
get everyone's diapers team are you
kidding me he is literally down the
stairs again
he went down these stairs so fast
Jackson um hello okay let's go get her
diaper changed
yes I think the door strategy is gonna
be my best bet today because we got
YouTube diapers changed noses wipe and
these kids have had a huge weekend at
Grandma's and Grandpa's at cousins and
they are all and they are all very very
stinky so we are going to take the whole
morning we're gonna clip nails we're
gonna launch it we're gonna take baths
because I can't return the track
right yeah AK yes Jackson wants to get
your being ear your bubbles destiny and
his teacher says what's it what is this
car said this is that is a fish the
teacher said no it is a shark
it's almost nap time it's almost
lunchtime of course I am making macaroni
and cheese what else would I be making
them and I just could not anymore chase
after Jackson so I Jackson in the crib
and Olivia is reading to him and these
two are waiting for their lunch huh
where did all the screens go code what's
up don't like women can't stop in bed Oh
sweetie boy yeah tell me about it um I
can't believe agnate it's a lunchtime so
I think I've done pretty good everyone
has had their baths everyone has had
their ears cleaned
and everyone has lotion on their body
with clean dry either underwear or
diapers so I'm going to try and get
everyone fed and no one is going to bed
until dishes are done that way I can lay
down and take a nap with everybody and
when we wake up we will wake up to a
tiny house yes hi
well you're a busy boy
you're busy boys oh yes is this room a
disaster that's okay okay you finish
reading the book and then we'll have mac
and cheese for lunch okay
Olivia okay say cheese to a Mac and
Cheese say I want back in Changi G if
you want message okay we'll get mac and
cheese I think you might need a nap
today to code you've had a big weekend
plan I don't like that you don't like
naps well maybe we'll just a little
maybe we'll just lay and see what
happens
okay welcome to the table come on Jack's
lunch well yes you must like it
everyone must be really hungry because
it's kind of quiet that good job good
job
what okay macro tears fish knuckle tree
good job Boston oh I can't wait for nap
time
Oh poop up your stew dungeon okay okay
sit down yes you found one stray one
okay see ya again but sit down okay John
bite wanna bite there Wow see what
happens when you don't watch for two
seconds
Wow Jackson's down for a nap
and now you're gonna take a nap okay
take your head down let your head down
don't we take your pinky away lay down
okay listen
Jackson's going to take a nap Boston's
going to take a nap everyone's going to
take a little nap okay say okay don't
you crawl out of your crib okay can you
take your pinky out and give me kiss
okay look take your pinky out give me
kiss
are you scaling at me jinkies no give me
a kiss
let me take your binky away that's not
even a kiss what are you doing give me a
kiss you're being mean
I'm gonna take it right away you give me
a kiss right now okay thank you okay yes
you have your blankie
you have your binky we'll put pants on
when you wake up those are in the dryer
yeah look at mom do not know listen do
not crawl out of the crib okay and not
call out of the crib okay I love you but
sometimes I want to hurt you
look at that scary thing okay can I know
gone out
gone out
Jackson and Boston are done for their
naps and Olivia you and Cody are gonna
watch a little movie with Noah's Ark
which Noah's Ark you can each have a
little treat now
mommy mommy is going to take a little
nap too and then hopefully when we all
get up Joel will be home from work well
thank you boys for taking a
two-and-a-half hour nap each that makes
me so so happy you took a good nap yes
you did yep yep
we've not gonna let Jax in that room are
we yep Joel just went and got sheet rock
and he just got sheet rock and he's
gonna do the ceiling and yes we will
have a separate video
unlike the poll redo of the room okay
here no probably not
so we put your jammies on Hey okay so
what we're going to do is tag-team this
is y'all you I got everyone in their
jammies and I want you to put our kids
in bed as I am gonna run Jackson home
huh
we're go see mama you miss your mommy
and it seems like it's unfair cuz it's
three to one but no no no I got the easy
end of the deal stick
no he's he honestly it's just he's not
using just misses his mom and dad true
yeah throwing all the kids in at once
today was hard today was hard but I
think I did really good yeah you did
house is clean but you're clean
I I literally cried I think twice today
I think I cried twice today okay that's
less than the road trip so I'm gonna
take Jackson back home
and I'm gonna go see the new baby and I
yeah that's basically what we're gonna
do I'm so sorry okay little man are you
ready to go home and see your mommy and
your new brand-new baby brother
yes she would go see your new baby
brother he's more interested in my keys
but I had a good day with you I had a
good day with you
yeah we had a fun day to me well there
you are you crazy girl are you ready to
go I'm gonna bring you with me you know
why because you were my best helper in
the world today you helped me so much
okay you guys thank you so much for
watching today I am glad that we made it
through today
safe and sound because there were points
where I didn't think we were gonna make
it I'll see you guys in my next video
bye
