we are on a road trip and I and I am
doing what I saw my mom doing all
growing up which is when you drive she
always fed my dad whether it was a
simple sandwich whether it was an apple
he drove she fed him and when we were in
high school I remember telling Joel that
that's what my mom would do and he said
he's like I want that he's like I want
you to feed me when we go on road trips
and I am feeding dog his shocking new
box jack-in-the-box
they don't have a jack-in-the-box in
Utah her I don't think they have on in
northern Utah and I love Jackie box yep
so before we came on this road trip I
asked you guys to give me some questions
for a Q&A cuz I thought it would be
something really fun for us to pass the
time quit doing so I'm gonna finish
feeding Joel and then we are gonna
answer some questions yeah yeah okay so
starting with our questions that you
guys gave us I think the number one
question on there is I think the number
one question on there is are you going
to have any more babies and what are you
gonna be baby the new baby so baby names
kind of like Hudson
that's cute we kind of like Hudson we
kind of like Hunters cute really we have
no idea
I have no idea when we know we will tell
you soon we have no idea yeah and the
question was is this your last kid when
I had Olivia I said I could totally be
happy with one but I knew I wanted more
after we had Cody I thought I could
totally be done with two and after we
had Boston we were done we bought a Ford
we're pickup and then plenty of CD we
were good yeah that was going to be our
family vehicle and I don't know we just
thought we were done we decided we were
dead and then we just really felt really
strongly that we should have another one
and so here we are having another one
I'm thinking and Joel is thinking this
is
probably our last one I would imagine
yeah yeah we're thinking this is our
last one
do you ever plan on doing daily vlogs
and the simple answer is probably not
I don't think so right now it's pretty
manageable just doing a couple blocks a
week on me it's pretty manageable for me
to do it and I like kind of leaving Joel
out of it because he has his work he has
his callings he has things like he has
to do and so for right now no I do not
think we'll be doing daily vlogs
oh and along with that is do you enjoy
doing the blogs well of course we like
doing the flocks otherwise we wouldn't
be doing it I think my favorite thing is
that we have this footage to show our
children my mom asked me several times
do you remember me taking you to the
park and remember when you were little
and of course I don't remember and I
wish so much like and see that footage
that would be really cool use one word
to describe each other
one
words what's one word for you to
describe
perfect oh sure Bonnie's a perfectionist
so she's really tedious about a lot of
things she doesn't do anything unless
she's gonna do it well and everything in
her life just like she just makes sure
that it's perfect that's why she picked
me okay one word to describe Joel
hard-working yeah I was gonna say
labourer Joel some people know how to
get in and get work done some people
don't and Joel is a really hard good
worker
what I am a hard worker I just kept
thinking gassy I'm real what year did
you and Joel get married
are you planning to vlog the delivery of
the next baby boy you bet your bottom
bippy
yes we are oh of course what do you like
the most about each other
good you different one what do I like
the most about Barney
she is
playful bodies really really playful and
I'm not I'm not
energetic not spaz but just really like
oh okay you know how do my bunnies
bunnies really light playful and like
just just willing to have a good time
and sometimes I'm a little grouchy and
moody and no you're not grouchy you're
not grouchy but you could come across
that way if people maybe didn't know you
maybe yeah in high school people always
thought joel is like a little more macho
than he really was I think it's because
he has a macho it's because he has broad
shoulders he's kind of stocky he's and
he's more reserved and so I think people
thought that he was a little more like
cocky than he wasn't about the toasting
well what was the question we're just
telling you what's the question what do
we like about each other oh I'll tell
you those something that I really love
about Joel is that he's a pleaser he
really likes to please people he
ultimately wants me to be happy and so
he will go out of his way even if it
makes him uncomfortable like even if it
makes him drive the extra distance or if
it makes him have to stop by the store
after a long days of work but he does
what he can to make other people who are
comfortable and that I love about him
and because it benefits me yeah what
advice would you give to new mother to a
new mother new father what advice would
you give him joke no man don't sweat the
small stuff and just just put your
family's needs before your own and you
will be very happy
mine is a little bit the same is be nice
to your spouse and it is so frustrating
when you have a new baby expecially your
first you could get very short and very
mean with each other when you're both
trying to figure out what the baby wants
what you do with the baby you're both up
in the middle of the night I think it's
very easy to be crude like flat-out down
rude to each other and so because you're
both tired you're both I just spent if
anyone saw that oh my yeah be nice to
each other
no that reminds me of the land when we
first had Olivia we could not figure out
how to get her to sleep she just
wouldn't cry she was just terrible we
were just like what was going on and
Bonnie will tell you more about that
later but I remember like we were pretty
patient with each other about it we
didn't Fred stated eyeful we were
frustrated but we weren't mad at each
other anything I remember like walking
her out around the parking lot
yes our little apartment
middle-of-the-night old lady
if you could need one celebrity who
would it be
Matthew McConaughey or Christian Bale Oh
I got one that you guys gonna think this
stuff
Tom silver off of this old house I
really like it it's amazing where are
you both Mormon from the get-go or did
one of you change religions
we have always we both grew up in LDS
favorite Disney character mine is Belle
from Beauty and the Beast and Ariel from
a Little Mermaid
what's the guy's name entangled yeah oh
and and my growing up who's your
favorite one
Oh favorite one corner was a Robin Hood
yeah
Providence little jump
Little John walking through the forest
who would allow it allow the Gallagher
thing
that's my fam why she married me what
was our first date
first date
it was dinner at Wendy's sukiyaki yep it
was a double date and the other couple
fell through and so my mom just decided
to let us go to dinner together and so
we went to Wendy's sukiyaki Jill
actually used to work the baseboard it
was it's a Japanese restaurant yeah and
basically I got Top Ramen
okay so I think we're gonna end on the
one oh I just lost it
this is so frustrating the question was
what what's your favorite memory about
each other and I'm going to say my soul
one time during high school we were I
think we went to lunch or something or
we had skipped class or something we are
on our way back into school and growing
up my dad drove a Pontiac Grand Prix it
was why he was two-door it was super
cute and Joel he doesn't make me late
he's not Jolson secure isn't like dry
witty it's like it's like he's either
gonna make me die laughing or he's just
not money and this particular time we
were we were coming in and he was
running his hand across the Grand Prix
and he
cool about and he was like haha right
and I don't know why I thought it was so
funny I think I was like a little
flattered but I think that I don't know
it was just hilarious and of course I
was just dying laughing us dying
laughing and then he was like going
through all of these cars through the
parking lot as we were coming in to go
back to class and I don't know why I
thought it was so funny but I thought it
was hilarious and we got up towards two
doors and I was like crossing my legs
I'm like you've got his talking about
you have got to stop please and then and
I do for the first time and he he
couldn't even breathe he couldn't even
breathe and like if you tell anyone I'm
gonna kill ya and then we got inside to
like farted in front of Joe oh that was
so funny so what's your favorite um
well I kind of have thought about okay
okay so we have lots and there's some of
the memories I can add part they're not
long memories but there's a lot to them
so some of them will be other videos
later on I think that one memory that is
really sweet to me because it like
encompassed a lot in my life was we're
graduated from high school I was Bonnie
was working two jobs at the time I was
working kind of two jobs and we just
didn't get to see each other that summer
at all and I thought we got to go do
something so like always if I wanted to
do something with Bonnie I had to make
sure it was a group date to please her
parents and instead I took Julie and
Ellie and Bonnie and we went up to my
grandma's house and she has this huge
old water buoy its massive it's
ginormous that's the fire pit and we had
a campfire Mae had scores I remember my
grandma coming out and talking to us and
she was like I'd have been like 89 88 at
the time coming out saying hi making
sure our needs were fed I just remember
that being just like a bus was good to
have my family and my friends and my
girlfriend and just the people I really
care about
I just remember thinking that was such a
sweet memory and that was fun yeah that
was a lot
well that passed like a half-hour time
we still have a long way to go
I'm not sure if we told everyone where
we were going we're on a road trip to be
saying that we're gonna be buying a new
vehicle we dropped the kids off at her
parents house and I'm missing up I don't
like being away from the kids I really
don't want to see Boston right now
I mean I want to see all the kids but I
really just want like T's Boston and see
if they like to stare at me
they're in good hands yes
there's a dog or boston's can't amber
has a dog and I told him about it before
we let this area amber has a dog and he
said no dog I'm sure he'll get used to
it doc might be sleeping outside
or maybe Boston mostly kind of side I
don't know well we hope you learned a
little something about us I'm sorry if
the only thing we did was laugh I just
do that I got no control and my arm is
like unfired now so okay well my arm is
about to fall so we will see you guys in
our next video did you see the lightning
did you see the light just now see you
next video guys bye
pick out number four hours down four to
go with this guy
first
married does not look like too far off
the bike the blueberry this is the car
that we rented to go up and get our feet
bourbon burp while Joel is checking the
directions I thought I would tell you
really quickly Ellie just went into
labor it'll go up after she he's like uh
did you just spoil her yeah I was
supposed to watch Jackson was she went
in to have her baby and I am not in town
so that makes me feel really sad that
I'm not there to watch him but I cannot
wait to get back and see that new baby I
kind of can't believe we made it home to
our hometown for you that was the
longest drive home like we were anxious
to get to the place anyway we are here
at the hospital cuz we're gonna go see
Ellie
cheers new baby and they have their baby
on Boston's birthday how exciting is
that May 23rd so Kate Boston and Calvin
all three cousins share birthdays so now
this time we really mean it because we
said goodbye like million times ago many
minutes ago so love ya
