well welcome well welcome back good
morning you two
good morning you got good morning you
guys good morning you guys if you are
watching this the day that it goes up it
is Friday the Friday before wait what is
CBS curbside no cheese I like suddenly
forgot to hope that's not a nice place
to dish this oh man no I forgot how to
like hold the camera I was like man how
do I hold it from your blog get right
down in your business and see this is
good that off okay mom get your hands
look hands out of your mouth oh yes
Christmas so we're free
hey I'm gonna lose my mind here okay and
if these angles aren't good is because
my cameramen are children Saturday okay
I literally have to do that freaking
quick what's nice about the curbside
pickup what's nice about the curbside
option it's Saturday morning and my
friend actually just left my house okay
I'm sorry
oh wait wait point to it and tell me
what everything is not you guys I just
broke my nail off oh sorry maybe I can
undo my zipper I have the tone of
eggshells just have it put out there so
I can't hold it
okay okay stop beating the snow bus what
and I was like smiling trying but I kept
seeping through my teeth you mind your
manners that's mommy's camera
Peter is loud
well we Cape Joel's filling in the kids
there's not any better I was recording I
said this long film it wasn't recording
okay that's not look we gotta fix this
so it looks nice and pretty when I
present the hot chocolate to you if
anyone is looking for a good oh my gosh
oh and you are not sitting like this
come sit over here I'm literally the
worst what that freak my train to say
that no we didn't sneak a soda and we
snuck a monster and we tried drinking it
through a straw I just walked out of
there in jungles okay I'm not gonna say
that so what I was hey hey hey that's
not nice look right here I so while I
have two seconds I just want to share
with you guys I so I'll have to so we're
gonna watch it with Cody or we're gonna
watch it with me so while I have two
seconds I am excited to share with you
guys I just oh I see my make for the
viewfinder and I feel like it looked
like a clown so while I have two seconds
of peace and quiet so while I have two
seconds of peace and quiet
for the record this is Brees idea nice
we're like the kids are gonna think that
these toys are for them when they walk
in she's like catch their faces I'm like
oh yeah all right stop it do not lick my
hair do it shoot it no let's see it I'll
edit it out problem do you want you guys
do not hate each other I was telling the
kids downstairs cheese oh thank gosh you
guys my kids are making me so oh my
goodness take a big deep breath in let
out a good cop oh that was weird
it was a while even saying that um let
me just start over myself but you're not
that young good job Austin whoops I
wonder if my pen so I can shoot my
brothers originally chase away Christmas
before
feels like a good day for Christmas
feels like a good day for a family
Christmas burn a good day for a family
Christmas party now feels like a good
day for a family Christmas party know it
would love to do it not was like weird
feels like a good day for a family
Christmas party no no
no I'll try to keep holding my mouth
feels like a good day for a Christmas
party no feels like a good day for a
family Christmas party no
put your shirt on Oh got a group here I
don't know how freaking me
we always like you insisted okay do you
recording sometimes yelling is required
when raising children good morning the
day after good morning you guys today is
terrible
oh thanks for hanging out with us
tonight you guys I don't think you need
to kiss the place do not jump on the
couch once again that is it one to beat
