it feels so good to be able to sit down
in my space and record this update for
you today I am turning 28 weeks this
week and it feels good to sit down
because we just got back from a long
road trip we purchased a new vehicle for
our family of now four children and so I
have a separate video on that it it is
not up yet but when it is I will put the
link below but make sure you're
subscribed to my channel so that when
the video does come out you'll be
notified and you'll be able to watch and
see what it is we had a really fun
weekend without the kids we left our
kids at we split them up so not one
person had all three of them because
that is a little bit much to handle and
so we left one with my mom one with
Joe's mom and we took one to aunt
Amber's and the kids all had a lot of
fun and I am very very grateful to win
family watches the kids for me I don't
like leaving my kids it's really hard
and I I miss him the whole time I'm gone
but it was very relaxing to have a day
or two with Joel and so that was really
nice the road trip was nice and relaxing
but on the drive home I noticed that my
feet were just hurting way more than
normal which I thought in my mind was
funny because I hadn't been on and I had
been sitting for hours on end but my
feet have swollen up really big and
they're just kind of hurting and so I'm
just trying to get some good circulation
in them because I'm sure that's what it
was was the lack of circulation and plus
I didn't drink near as much water as I
should I was drinking a lot of Gatorade
but I know that kind of holds water in a
little bit and so I'm just going to
flush my system with water and try to be
really get some movement in my legs and
my feet so that is
basically what our week consisted of we
just really it took up a lot of time
just trying to arrange things get things
situated now that we're back and we have
our vehicle I feel like I'm really
motivated to get other things done I
ordered some car mats to go underneath
the kids as car seats and I ordered some
of those off of Amazon and then I really
want to start going through the kids
closets and getting things done we're
really gonna try hard to get Cody and
Boston's room finished and so there's
just I just some feeling really
motivated especially compared to last
week when I was like don't I'm not but
this week I'm really feeling like all
right let's get stuff done like let's I
had a week of absolutely nothing and now
it's like okay let's get some stuff done
and it also helps the Ellie had her baby
and seeing her with that little guy he's
so cute he is so cute I'm seeing her
with her little guy it's like okay I'm
next when when my sister Julie and my
sister-in-law Emily had her baby
Ellie was like oh I'm next and I
remember feeling like well I've got a
long ways to go I'm next Ellie just had
her baby I'm next I've got two and a
half months left and I know it's gonna
go by fast and it's funny this is the
only pregnancy I felt like I want to
stay pregnant I don't want this to end
like I don't want to have the baby here
I don't know how I'm gonna take care of
them it will obviously be nice to have
the baby here but I'm just kind of
enjoying what's going on in life right
now and so I don't know I gotta get a
lot of things in order before this baby
gets here I feel like my stomach has
grown a ton I have a doctor's
appointment this week and I'm a little
nervous to see how much I've gained but
at least it's like staying off of my
face like I am very very grateful
because usually my nose gets big my face
gets big but I feel like I've done
better this pregnancy than any other
pregnancy and I know it's because I've
been drinking water the
baby is about the size of its ear like a
head of lettuce or an eggplant kind of
in that general idea I just googled it
and that's what it said I don't know if
it's even true but that's what it says I
did get a new shirt because Joel shirts
just were not cutting it they weren't
big enough to go over my belly and to
feel like loose on me so I did go to
motherhood just because I was there and
anyway I did find this shirt and I will
show it to you
I found this shirt it says baby made me
do it and I know it's kind of like a
cheesy saying but I just wanted a shirt
that was long enough and that was it so
I don't know I'm just good it just feels
good you just have a t-shirt on and not
have it be too restricting and tight and
I know I've showed you my leggings from
Target they're the yoga pants and
they're the ones that have this secret
belly fit and so they come all the way
up above my tummy these yoga pants have
been a lifesaver I have lived in my
dresses and yoga pants and it's just
because with the bellyfit I have nothing
pushing in underneath my belly or
halfway through my belly and so these
have been uber comfortable this is kind
of an uneventful kind of quick little
update but that's really all I've got
for you this week so thank you for
watching anyway and I will see you guys
in my next video bye
but it will be off hmm
it will obviously be nice that
