good morning you guys I am trying to
head out the door
all the kids jackets were left outside
on the porch which was both of our
faults they should've put the jacks away
I should have been the mom and grabbed
them off the back porch all those shoes
are wet and so we are trying to get out
the door this morning to run errands
take kids to school and get grocery
shopping you and it's just a little bit
yeah what yes today get out and play
with somebody jegging hey so wish us
luck for the day did you wake up early
from your nap mm-hmm did the Thunder
wake you up
yeah but sure did didn't it yeah let's
go show him out the window
now I really debated bringing out the
camera and vlogging because I'm in my
robe again my I don't even know what my
hair looks like and I don't have any
makeup on and I thought you know nobody
really cares because that's what we all
look like and we don't get ready and
let's just face it I don't always get
ready yes you got your yes your treats
are over there but look I want to show
them it's overcast outside well it looks
a little brighter in the camera but it's
overcast and it's been raining and
thundering and me and Boston have been
standing here looking out the window hon
did you hear the Thunder mm-hmm
and did it wake you up from your nap Hey
gosh talking to dead coppers and it just
reminded me and I didn't turn the lights
on it reminded me when I was younger I
remember being really little yep you can
have your treats that doesn't have your
raisins um I remember my mom had a cup
of coconut just coconut and we sat in
front of the window and we watched the
rain
and that was just such a fun like I
don't know it's just a feel-good memory
do you know what I mean
and I was just having a little feel-good
moment with my little Boston and so we
wanted to just record it don't but yes
oh my gosh what a guy
yeah you weren't too sure about the
Thunder when you first woke up but you
kind of have grown to like it a little
bit huh that's how he tells me when his
food tastes yummy
what are you scaling for he's been
learning how to kiss on the face say
face can you kiss yeah yeah Thunder
Thunder can you kiss me on the face yeah
oh I think you know this one yeah I
always kiss him on the cheek sneeze his
face
yeah chicks fade mm-hmm can I have a
kiss on the face yeah was that one kind
of a yucky one Hey oh yeah
remember how you opened a knot and as a
little man in it and dug it up um they
cuddles those things but they don't have
Mans they have little pieces which are
majestic and brownies on row and I told
um it's my mom making with brownies with
chocolate on them I'll invite them over
on the same day
make up and they'll try to morrow and
the same day okay so do you remember
when you were in the bathtub what you
were telling me what were you telling me
all about in the bathtub
you're telling me why sharks have cuts
on the sides of them oh yeah that's how
they breathe how did you learn that
that's bull what else I got a dress or
flesh you know how to draw a swordfish
mm-hmm that's really cool
don't me show you what kind of animals
are fish or are we what are what kind of
animals are me mammals and when are we
gonna get as well that one apples in her
house hey I want apples I want apples
every day like apples are good for me
okay trim so that's the finished product
and this is probably the most done
hairdo of my whole entire childhood
between me and all my sisters seriously
we always had our hair into braids when
we'd go camping or when we would in the
summertime I think most of us hated it
but we just did it because it was nice
to get our hair out of the way or
something you know going swimming that's
what we did and guess who is my number
one braid doer
yeah can you braid my hair at me well I
am pretty good but aunt juley and at
first I hated it and I said no redo it
and I said look there's bumps here and
there's bumps here and like redo it do
it and every day she would braid my hair
in the summer I would lather my hair in
conditioner and she would put my hair in
two braids and she got so good at it it
was tight it was clean and there was no
bumps there was no sagging hair strands
she did amazing
Halle to add Julie
do you think I'm nuts over what I am
dying to see how your jobs and luck hold
on hold on okay so cool ah that is so
cute okay tell me about it some of us
have necklaces some domes but I like to
do it they have like little dresses I
just mean I didn't do a line cuz it was
all right there
and then what about her feet bare feet I
love it in here hello Olivia I think
that's one of my favorite drawings and
you just barely started drying huh I
didn't I didn't wrong well I saw a
picture the other day and it actually
looked like something Oh was it
mm I think a person or something I don't
know if it goes fruit don't worry I was
at ground and I was in my pajamas
coloring mmm
pictures for Dad honey we're goodies you
put them I don't know they might be in
this closet looks fantastic
let me see your mom see look let me show
you show me that looks so good Cody yeah
who is it it's you that's me
wow I look gorgeous mom why you should
take this on your door like like aand it
on in the front where you can see it
okay perfect
it's yours mom thank you for many of the
boom
hey Cody do you have your favorite pants
on why are they your favorite pants
because they have all around back is
that why your favorite give them huh did
you get them yeah
alright everybody hi em I've got the
camera today because I'm going to work
and you guys are coming to work with
Maci you better be ready to work today I
am doing kind of a special they are the
place where I work we're really far away
from any fire department
and so we have our own in-house fire
department and yours truly is part of it
and so we are doing fire training today
so you're going to see hopefully a
little bit of video stuff doing that but
anyway come along to work with me all
right so we're here at the training
facilities we are in our full turnout
gears see everybody else in theirs
everybody's ready we're going to fight
some fire but we're running into
problems because the winds not
cooperating and we got to be able to
keep smoke out so that we don't make the
neighbors mad but you kind of see how
smoky it is and how how crazy it gets in
there and what's going on off the whole
just guys pay attention
all the hoses guys
and that she was thrilled
you all belong in the same side of the
hose okay
Haley and Chuck jump right on that
backup line
just came out get your packs off alright
so that's a day in the life of a
firefighter for my plant all the
firefighters are looking at me funny
but as you can see we does what we do
annually it's kind of fun when I've
never had to fight a fire yet but soon
so but until then I had a really nice
time
