today is my 27 week update and I woke up
this morning and this whole week has
just been raining and overcast and I
laid in bed all morning I got Boston out
of bed changed his diaper and I brought
all the kids with me on my bed turned a
movie on and said be quiet here's some
cereal Shh and they had cereal destroyed
my bed and I just laid there and I think
we all got out of bed around 10:30 or
something like that and they were kids
were so good just to watch TV all
morning I just kept telling myself get
ready you need to get up you need to
give up you need to get ready and I just
couldn't do it so I lounged around with
the kids and then I gave Olivia a bath
and we got her ready for school and then
I cleaned up the mess from kitchen like
from breakfast and I just couldn't do it
I just sat that's what I have done this
entire week it is it's been a good day
if I've gotten out of my robe and
there's been several days where I
haven't gotten into my robe in fact one
of the mornings are hmm mmm one of the
evenings when Joel got home from work he
was like your breath kind of stinks and
I was like oh yeah I forgot to brush my
teeth today oh you guys I feel like such
hmm I don't know want to offend anybody
I just feel really lazy and not even
just lazy just exhausted I just feel
exhausted and in fact on Friday I forgot
to send Olivia to squall I don't know I
just forgot it was it was like half hour
45 minutes after school had started and
I looked at the clock I'm like well
guess you're staying home today because
she was still in her jammies and it's
like I kind of feel bad but I don't
because when I'm not pregnant
I I'm pretty good about getting up
getting ready getting the kids ready and
I am definitely on top of my chores when
I am not pregnant but when I pregnant
I'm tired I'm tired and I go through
phases you know like through the
pregnancy where I have my own
and dancin right now I just feel like
it's one of those downs you should see
my fridge I'm starving
I've been starving the last several days
but I have not been able to get myself
to get up and go to the grocery store I
don't want to go grocery shopping
because I don't know what to get I don't
know what sounds good and I just want to
pack the kids around a joel has been at
work a lot this week he's been working a
lot this week and so my fridge is
totally empty the kids have been eating
like hot dogs for dinner and those are
almost gone and my laundry I always feel
good when I'm on top of my laundry but I
have got so much of it to me life feels
really good when my laundry is done my
dishes are done and I have food in the
fridge and right now I have none of
those and I just don't have the energy
to fix it so basically what this week
has been is just survival mode I've
watched a lot of movies with the kids
we've eaten popcorn and ice cream for
lunch and one of the mornings we had
chocolate for breakfast it's just I need
to get my act together but I will when
I'm ready to you know it's like
sometimes life just is not it's just not
gonna be perfect in fact I even oh I had
la color just the roots of my hair
because yes I've got several gray hairs
coming through for a long time I didn't
color my hair this is pretty close to my
natural hair color this is maybe just a
smidgen darker than my hair color but my
I'm gonna have just a handful of gray
hairs but those gray hairs are like
fluorescent silver and they they're
right in the front and I do just really
start getting them until I had Olivia
and so I do like to keep my roots done a
little bit and it just kind of helps
keep my hair looking rich but I have le
do my hair and I I mixed up the formula
I did everything and it's and I used too
strong of a developer that lifted and so
my roots were gold they were gold
and that's just my brain it's just not
there I just I know a lot of people call
it pregnancy brain I'm just forgetting
things and it's like I have this list of
things to do in my life and every day
I'm like it can wait
yeah I can oh I can wait poor Joel I
feel like he has really picked up the
slack and I really do give major props
to Joel because he has he picks up the
slack where I just can't do it a lot of
times when we go into town I make Joel
come with me and he lifts the kids for
me he puts the kids in bed for me I'll
have him ready and stuff but if they're
up when he gets home like he'll help me
get him put in bed he just does
everything for me he is wonderful so
Thank You Joel
that is honestly pretty much my week oh
oh the baby has been moving so much I
can't believe how much movement there is
my mom felt the baby move Ellie felt the
baby move Joel and all my kids have felt
the baby move and this is funny Joel
reminded me when I was pregnant with
Boston Cody was just really little and I
was big and Cody was laying on my tummy
with his head on my shoulder and we were
rocking and it was bedtime and Boston
was in my tummy just kicking like crazy
just kicking like crazy and Cody kept
saying stop it stop it mommy stop it he
didn't hate Cody could feel the baby
kicking at him and he thought it was me
and that was so sweet I was so glad that
Joe remembered so I wanted to say it out
loud so that I wouldn't forget I will
end with a belly shot but I want to tell
you guys thank you thank you for your
comments for your likes for your shares
for just supporting me and who I am and
truly supporting me for who I am I'm
grateful that no one judges me when I
gotta have makeup on no one judges me or
cares when I do have makeup on it just I
am Who I am and I'm grateful that you
guys support me in that I have been
enjoying this pregnancy and I'm glad
that you're following me along on this
journey and
see you guys in my next video bye
a human thank you is so I know it is
thanks doll gotta have my notes
