good morning you want your clothes on
Boston okay good morning good morning
now come here you want to get your
clothes on you want to get your clothes
on okay come here look I have a question
oh whoa come here
look I have a question for you did you
get into the blinds
did you get in the blind say because I
think that you're not supposed to get in
the blinds why you got into the blinds
you know what we've been working on
every morning you kind of wake up and
scream scream scream scream so every
night retail Boston in the morning you
wake up and play quietly you know you
play quietly you be a good boy
and look at all these fun things you've
been playing with you wake up and you
play so quietly and it's been such a
nice nice thing to wake up to huh shoes
you want to get your shoes on okay look
grab me a diaper over there go get me a
diaper and then we'll get you dressed
and we'll get your shoes on no hurry go
get your diaper what you hugging my back
okay get me a diaper hurry
hurry okay
come lay down come lay down so I can
change your diaper hey damn he's like I
will but I don't want to lay down
hurry lay down okay okay I won't laugh
anymore sorry
okay lay down I will change a diaper and
get dressed and get your shoes on okay
good boy Boston she will go get a banana
for breakfast do you like bananas okay
let's go get the banana go sit at the
table you little stinker what's in your
mouth did you just eat our chocolates ah
these were aunt Ellie and mom and dad's
tree from last night that we were so not
smart and leaving out you ate that in
like one he's showing Olivia he's
showing you butts in his mouth
that's so funny what what is there only
one more how about we break this one
there in half for me honey wait you
don't want one how about you break it in
half of Boston she's probably gonna
wanna dance here nope but um this is
definitely not bananas for breakfast but
how come you don't want any mama show me
what
show me what happened to your lip when
you're babysitting last night oh well
how did that happen I don't drop that
- goodnight bunk Boston head har harrr
stern it bleed did Boston cry
no no you damn right nobody pays look
one hit yeah yeah we want one more oh
just open
well good morning guys what should we do
today just good let's try to buy me a
treat okay well definitely do nobody's
RG but get me a wife oh yeah what it
busted Oh
even though you were the one that
deserves a special treat you're gonna
get your sisters one if I get hurt then
I'll give them a treat you are a sweet
boy do you know that lots of people
leave comments about what a sweet boy
you are
yeah it's cuz it's true mom is we buy
things for me mom Boston and Olivia gee
this is happy that's right that's right
isn't he it's not gonna go what Buster
what more say I want more chocolate
oh thanks Olivia okay I ain't got no ice
so I do have a question people see you
guys being really nice to each other and
maybe they think that that's all you do
is be really nice to each other are you
guys always nice to each other
not really what else do you guys do
fight
we're like what do you fight about I
don't I'm you may fight about our boys
mm-hmm toys Cody what kind of stuff do
you guys fight about she fights about my
dogs if you walk my dog the night
they know mm-hmm I feel like Mike and I
live very hard
I can see move your finger with your
fingers I can see it yeah I can tell
it's a fella I feel so sad
got more chocolate honey I think you ate
it all gone look and see if there's more
go look in the bags can you go look in
the bags to see if there's more
chocolate all gone let's go get a banana
you all know if it's the wrong foot the
one time you have them on the right foot
guess what they're the right feet hey
what is the right way yeah the right
foot give him bite honey oh why are you
just choosing it now that's the biggest
smile I think I've ever seen you they
have I love you too come
ha ha ha ha why this would like you so
much Olivia I don't know do you want
your shoes on oh yeah come here come
here do you want your shoes or your
flip-flops Hey
what do you want and lies you want your
flip-flops no ok let's go find your
flip-flops oh you're gonna oh you're
resuming the position ok I will find
your flip-flops and I will come put them
on you
my day there's one Oh
what do you say Oh dad say thank you
mama
good man get on your feet are you happy
yeah yeah say yes wow those are some
handsome flip-flops and some fat little
toesies okay where's your shoes misty
okay go get them let's go
I'm not really sure why you kids are
still owe me this and his name was what
ker ker Curtis Chris hey what were you
guys doing downstairs if you are
supposed to be in bed what were you what
were you guys doing
you shall water in there yeah you took
you put water in your guns yeah and we
should run in the bath down from orange
and we shut the window yeah and that
yeah did you think that was nice of
Daddy to let you stay up a little bit
yeah
to see a nice daddy Jimmy am i a mean
mom or am i a nice mom I'm a nice mom oh
good I'm glad you think I'm a nice mom
do you think it's nice that we shared
our dinner with you yeah Kate Jack came
this dinner okay guess what it's time to
go to bed Cody okay I'm like a good
night
good I do you guys want to have a little
sneak peek into what we're doing in
preparation for this guy
I'll show you holy flipping disaster yes
it took these kids and I can speak
freely and loudly because they are out
they didn't go to bed
until 10 o'clock 40 10 40 I was irate
look at this boy he wanted to sleep in
his clothes she of course is in her robe
because she's such a little girly girl
the reason we have so much crap
everywhere is because we and when I say
we I mean Joel I got a mouse in your
pocket is redoing my little boy's room
Cody and Boston are gonna share this
room and he's redoing the closet he took
down the tile ceiling and put in can't
lights and he's gonna sheetrock it and
I'll tell you what I did do I've a cume
the floors back in the crap out of these
floors and vacuumed the carpet is what
they need Becca me again so get on it
yes they do so that is why we look
absolutely hammered is because we've
been working like dogs all day um I made
poor pregnant Ellie color my hair and I
mixed up the formula made my roots go
super blonde because I used the wrong
stuff and yeah I shouldn't have done
that and so she had to redo it so I just
got done rinsing all that crap out and
we are so ready for bed because we have
a big day tomorrow with Olivia's little
ballet recital
um but you guys we kind of hit a
milestone we hit 50,000 subscribers 50
that's huge like I it's like I in my
mind I just keep thinking all were like
we just were small YouTube like we just
kind of keep it hush-hush but like we
flippin hit 50,000 it's pretty cool well
it's not even us Bonnie its yeah you
obviously like obviously and thank you
it's it's fun watching us it blows my
mind that people watches it's like why
why do people want to watch us but we're
glad that you do what are you talking
about I'm I'm the most interesting man
in the world that's funny well we just
wanted to say thank you flipping so much
for watching us and we were kind of
thinking maybe we would do a t-shirt
campaign like we I don't know but it's
like you know how you like you throw a
big party and nobody shows up I don't
want to like do a teespring campaign
with t-shirts and nobody buys our
t-shirts if you think that would be kind
of a good idea
you make comment below and we'll think
about it well I'm making t-shirts either
way cuz I want the t-shirts okay okay
and we'll debut them here soon well let
us know if you think that's a good idea
we love you guys thank you for watching
I will see you in our next video bye
guys a really nice time
