good more than your guys I am feeling so
giddy right now I have been waiting for
this day for so long I watched Ellie and
Jared's Bebek Oh Mary I watched Ellie
and Jared's baby Jackson the other day
and they said okay let us repay you
we will watch your kids and I was like
yeah but I got three kids you have one
I'm like I won't be as gone
well as long maybe but anyway so Joe and
I are taking today we are just spending
the day together we need to get Joel a
new suit so that is on the agenda and
some nails I got my nails done today
nails did and normally I'm not I don't
know it's been a while since I've had my
nails done and I instantly feel like a
diva like instantly I'm like because my
nails are done but our favorite place to
eat here at where we Farmington
Farmington Farmington station Farmington
station if you can't tell I'm just a
little excited okay I'm just a little
excited I'm in smoke there's a pizza
place called seven bellows and it is
don't work anyway and it's 11:30 and I
haven't eaten yet today it is 11th Jimmy
you don't have a human in you eating
eating at your body to stay alive using
that as a cop-out I think I'm totally
kidding hey forget a good we're gonna
get a lot of loss I'm not a good things
for that when I was a kid we had my
parents have three of them and they grow
these little blossoms seasons are kind
of old
this isn't they get long and dangly and
they're screwed in a pan look at this
cute little bench here
look like look at this canopy where'd
you go oh there's a tree for kissing
under the tree
I was going to see let's kiss under the
tree
so the main reason for our shopping trip
today is to get Jolla suit and I think
we found it I think we found it mm-hmm
yes we did
you got to bounce it you can't just sit
there okay but seriously I think that is
super cute I like it yes we need to get
the pants tailored obviously but the
jacket actually fits pretty good is the
Johnny cupcake Church worthy we we ran
it we were eating lunch and the guy was
walking by at the same shirt but it was
black and white and Joey yelled out he's
all Johnny cupcake and the guy was so
excited I think he was like yes like
like you know you know what it's all
about yeah that was pretty care of that
welcome okay I hope you like I you
better if Joel doesn't like something it
doesn't matter how much you spend on it
he won't wear it so he flippin better
like it you better like it or we're not
laughing it okay good because these
piggies are like getting swollen and yes
we've been doing lots of shopping
haven't we oh and we ran into my friend
growing up she was like my mom's age her
name is Lisa Bingham and we ran into her
and that was a lot of fun to say hi I
used to babysit for all of her kids and
to call me during basic a Grayson every
Saturday I would babysit for Lisa
Bingham and I would get the kids to bed
do the dishes and then I would call Joel
while I was walking while I was watching
Walker Texas Ranger oh because this
Walker Texas Ranger
I loved that show anyway Chuck Walker oh
I like that name
um but I wasn't allowed to talk to boys
on the phone and so when I would babysit
I was like I'm calling my boy we were
like 12
let's take home every Saturday night
just for fun you really really would oh
yeah turn at everybody called Joe let's
go do some bodies gonna call it no way
nice you know back in the day before
cell phones for cellular phone
technology oh they're going nutso for
the food
so for as for a for as nice as it is
being away from the kids
I want Cody in Boston and Olivia to see
the fishies oh yeah this place is so
beautiful oh now they come down Oh fun
nice that gets it over here yeah
seriously I want to Olivia to see the
fish Joel your suit is so handsome I
cannot wait to see you in it is the suit
handsome or my handsome in the suits
just an appendage let's go get some
dessert honey okay so we have a little
bit of a drive ahead of us on our way
home and if this car looks familiar to
you leave a comment down below but I
think we did a little more shopping well
I shouldn't say I was gonna say we did a
little more shopping for the kids than
we did ourselves but we got Joel a
really nice suit and a couple of ties to
go with that huh it was on sale and but
I did get the kids a little okay so I
got Olivia her fourth of July outfit and
I'm so excited
if this sparkly and then we got these
cute shorts for the boys there Oh sir
cut off they're so cute
Cody and Boston they are literally the
same size they weigh the exact same know
Boston weighs two pounds more Boston
weighs two pounds more Boston weighs two
pounds more the Cody Cody is longer so
he needs add one size bigger than Boston
but the waist is huge on him and it's
like a little snug on Boston my sweet
little boy boys it's funny I'm very
excited to get home and see the boys I
don't think we're going to go straight
home though we may or may not go see a
movie we'll see
can you tell him like really wanted to
talk with my nails I am I'm like all
these are wonderful I've been scratching
your back all day
I can't wait for more discretion Oh
thumper also dandy that man me not
anything crazy oh and this is very very
cute Joel I was like we were walking
past lush and of course I was looking at
him like can we go no if you go to City
Creek yeah wash and if anyone knows me
and all my sisters and my mom they know
we love lush and so when we went into
lush they're all wrapped up but we got
each of the kids a bath bomb that one's
mine don't go to Bobby oh yeah Cody and
Boston are gonna share when we go oh
okay here it's yellow and it has blue on
the inside Olivia 16 he's gonna be so
excited and when I oh forget it you
can't huh forget it but she's gonna be
so excited because Danny picked it out
for her and I think that's so sweet
that's what I do oh my gosh in my wrist
oh no really like she's rushing man oh
no oh my gosh this is a safe way to
drive oh shut up and feel the baby I am
feeling this like he is going nuts oh no
life no life do you feel that oh yeah he
really is going crazy he's just like
right up top - oh my gosh I love it I
love the like I'm feeling it in me and
Joel is filling it like on me boo did
you feel that this is the most movement
I have ever felt from this little baby
oh he yeah Ross yes he's literally
moving across my belly like I swear he's
got his hands and feet going he's like
this woman oh yeah I literally
cannot believe this okay my buddy few
names that were kind of liking I really
liked Tom like my little Tommy Joel
hates it I need stomach it I think Levi
is a really cute boy name I think that's
a really cute boy name everyone's been
asking and we just don't know I just
don't know I want a like manly normal
name for Logan I think Logan his name
would be Logan George Logan George
George holy so cute we made it home
safely and let me just say it was so
nice having Ellie watch the kids because
I came home to the house exactly the way
I left it the kids were put to bed
the exact same way that I would put them
to bed and the kids were happy Ellie and
Jared were happy at least they acted
like they faked it really well um but I
am so glad that I had her to watch the
kids because it's so nice having someone
you know and trust and love to watch
your children so we came home to all as
well we are going to eat some dinner and
wanted to say goodnight to you guys Joel
did stop by our p.o box on the way home
and brought home a few letters from you
guys and I have seen other youtubers
open their mail and say how much it
means to them but it is true are the
letters so sweet so sweet just just the
fact that you put a stamp on a piece of
paper and mailed it to us to say hi just
it's a heartfelt nice so genuine it the
perfect way to end our night by a few
letters from you guys so thank you so
much for being so kind to us the
comments are amazing and the rude ones
are kind of funny so thank you guys for
watching us and we'll
in our next video bye guys hmm I did
have a really nice time bomb me too yeah
