today is my 26 week pregnancy update and
today is actually Mother's Day and so I
thought it would be the perfect time to
record since I got up got all the kids
ready for a church Jill and I went to
church with the kids and when we came
home I quickly fed them I have a roast
in the oven and all the kids are having
quiet time or they're taking a nap and I
just thought I'm just gonna quickly
record this and then finish enjoying my
Mother's Day and I thought that I would
just share a little bit of my Mother's
Day with you so I recorded a little bit
this morning so I thought I would just
share that with you real quickly good
morning guys good morning did you know
what today is Mother's Day it's Mother's
Day so you guys have your orange
cinnamon rolls for breakfast we're gonna
hurry and get ready for church
and then I'll let you show me what you
made me for a Mother's Day you guys have
to be extra good while we get ready for
church this morning because today yeah
close your eyes okay hey no Olivia you
can show her her present purse from you
my present is this is our baby hey
that's the new baby all of the ways that
is sunflowers - yeah yeah no it's not
real it's just like a little real yeah I
love it
did you make this at school sure put it
in my room okay okay Olivia so we get
mom okay you're close right oh okay I'm
gonna show the camera what you drew me
while you guys go get my
it can't really tell if you can see this
or not but I'll just show you how cute
that Olivia made me and she has my name
at the top good job Olivia and this is
the baby you're gonna give me something
that's yours
what okay my eyes are closed me and
colder waiting hey sounds really big can
I guess no leaf blower it sounds like a
fire pit well let me tell you why
because for Father's Day we thought we
were completely done having kids and so
for Father's Day I got him just enough
of just this exact fire roaster for all
three of you kids and for me and dad and
us and that baby needs his own weenie
roaster
that's West roaster right we're not
buying any more Roasters Jill that was
so thoughtful yeah
Oh Joel that is so sweet
what made you think to do that how do I
grab it I stop oh I need to get oh
because we were one short huh yeah you
knew I knew we only had five oh honey
that's so cute
so I'm surprised you picked it out
without me this is a cute one I love it
right now yeah it's a fire pit I thought
me and my dad always say it drive it
it's a copper fire pit hey I'm seriously
so excited we have lime chairs and now
we have a little fire pit
I don't think we'll open it right now
honey yeah yeah I don't think I'm gonna
open it right now oh this is so cute
Joel that was so sweet of you
we need to get moving a lot of other
things this room oh that would be fun
yeah you better get those scissors put
away
thanks guys so what are you showing me
you're not gonna give me your monkey for
Mother's Day okay I'm following you I
think that you're still not even sure
what you doing he's trying to find me
something for Mother's Day right now
do you know what come here it used to
annoy me when my mom would tell me I
would ask her what she'd want for
Mother's Day and you know what she would
tell me she would tell me happy children
she would tell me that she wanted happy
kids that didn't fight for Mother's Day
and you know what that's what I want too
okay for Mother's Day can you just be a
happy good boy and not cry when you go
to nursery ok let's go honey
well this is the dinner and if you're
wondering why there's food left on
everyone plates it's because I set the
oven for 100 degrees colder than it was
supposed to the roast is bleeding the
carrots are hard the potatoes you have
to cut sure with a knife I put way too
much flour in the gravy and so we are
loading up the car this is how bad
little seeds were kids yes
good luck I'm not sure where we're going
let's go girl ever I'm Sadie let's go so
we are loading up the truck and we are
going to dinner
so all growing up when it was Mother's
Day or Father's Day all of us kids would
get up with each other and we would walk
into mom and dad's room and we would all
pile on their bed and we would give our
mom or our dad their fathers and
Mother's Day presents and that was
always something that was really fun and
the first year that Olivia was old
enough to come and sit on my bed Joel
didn't have her come sit on my bed and I
was so mad I was so mad because I'm like
it is Mother's Day and I have a daughter
and she is not on my bed giving me a
present and blah blah blah and I and
then the morning went on and I never got
a present and I was so ticked and I came
home and the president was sitting on
the coffee table there's no reason that
I should have been mad other than in my
mind I had it set to go a different way
and I told Joel I was like my mom gave
me some advice when we got married she
said tell them what you want in the
moment even if you feel like it's gonna
ruin the moment because it's not gonna
ruin the moment you're gonna tell them
what you want and hopefully I'll just do
it and so I really have learned from
that I've learned that if I want
something I just need to tell him and so
I told him I said from here on out have
the kids come I'm gonna bring me my
presents and um and this year I told him
I'm like let's just get ready for church
so we're all the way ready and that
stress is out of the way and then we'll
do like Mother's Day and so that's kind
of how we did this year but I think from
now on they'll come in on my bed church
just gets makes it a little trickier but
I did want to share with you what Joel
got me for our vet for my very first
Mother's Day and it makes me just a
little emotional thinking about it
because we were in our little tiny
studio apartment and it was to be honest
it was kind of nasty it was a it was
quite the apartment I told Joyce oh I
really want something for my first
Mother's Day that I can always remember
and so we went in to this little jewelry
shop that was in the mall at the time
and I picked up just a couple of the
and I just kind of gave them a couple
ideas and for Mother's Day I was
pregnant with Olivia at the time and he
this is what he gave me that morning and
I I'm so surprised that it fits me right
now because every pregnancy and it it
gets too tight on my fingers and so I
wore that with my dress today
and I thought about it all day and it
just mmm it just warmed my little heart
and not every year has been as
significant as like jewelry but it was
our first it was my first Mother's Day
and I hear a lot of people say that once
like when the baby's born they're like
now I'm a mom I'm a mom the second I
conceived whether I stayed pregnant or
not like if I had a miscarriage or
something you're a mom that baby
I truly believe is up in heaven waiting
for us and so and who knows how many
little babies we've got up there because
I know so many women have miscarries and
things like that so anyway didn't mean
to go there but I think that's just when
I will leave this week's update as as
just basically saying happy Mother's Day
I truly believe that I have the best
mother in the world I think she's
perfect and I truly try to do things the
way she has done things and I know she
is who she is because of my grandma and
I it's like I feel bad getting emotional
but I don't because it's like my grandma
was someone that and I don't know if I
love her as much as I do because my mom
loves her as much as she does and I see
that and I hear about her but she was a
wonderful person and I want to be a
wonderful person so that I can raise
Olivia to be a wonderful mother a
wonderful person and she's not just
gonna get there on her own I've got to
teach her and I have had my grandma my
mom and my great-grandma my
great-grandma Mortenson I know she was a
wonderful person and that's as far back
as I
no I knew my great-grandma Lawrence and
I knew my grandma Nielsen I knew my mom
and I know my mom and I really hope that
I can carry that on because being a mom
is um it's a big deal
being pregnant is is something that that
I kind of take seriously because that's
a human that's a life that you're
molding and that child a lot weighs on
your shoulders teaching the our children
our future you know and but I do also
believe that if you come from a place
that maybe isn't so great not everyone
is as fortunate to have such wonderful
role models that can change it can
change with you it can change with you
no matter your situation you can make
your life better if you make good
choices in your life and if you choose
to be a positive person and I truly
truly believe that no matter what
situation you've come from you can make
it better or whatever situation you're
in if your life stinks
you can fix it you can make the changes
to make it right so I'm gonna leave that
with you for my update this week I hope
all of you women out there had a
wonderful Mother's Day I know that I
have and now I am gonna go nap with the
rest of my family so I hope you all have
a really good day and I will see you in
my next video bye guys
you
you
well this is the dinner and if you're
wondering why there's food left on
everyone plates it's because I set the
oven for 100 degrees colder than it was
supposed to the roast is bleeding the
carrots are hard the potatoes you have
to cut sure with a knife
I put way too much flour in the gravy
and so we are loading up the car this is
how bad little seeds were kids yes
good luck I'm not sure where we're going
let's go get up I'm Sadie
let's go so we are loading up the truck
and we are going to dinner
