there's not a better way to start your
Monday than this we're gonna play a
little game and for those mothers of you
out there that your kids have had this
same thing you're going to guess first
so I can't believe that I didn't put
this together in my mind
um scoot over so cody has room Boston
has been waking up every single night a
couple hours after he goes to sleep for
the last like month or so and it's been
driving me nuts because my kids have
always been really good sleepers once
they go to sleep they're out and every
night I've gone in and gotten after
Boston because you go back to bed go
back to sleep what are you doing and
then last night I put all this together
and I bawled because I felt terrible
that I didn't realize this sooner so I
just his hands out of his diaper
and he's been scratching at his bottom a
lot and I know that he's had a diaper
rash and so the other day I called the
doctor I said he has a diaper rash that
can't get rid of what can you give me to
help him he gave me a diaper cream that
made it ferociously worse aw I've just
been putting neosporin on him and
waiting it out I don't know just a
minute yes just a minute just a minute
well last night he woke up but he was
not going back to bed usually I can go
in and just say goodnight go back to bed
and everything so last night he would
not go back to bed
back-to-back Kate sit down sit down
so I picked him up and he kept grabbing
his diaper and kept grabbing it his
diaper and I thought what is the matter
and I don't know why it dawned on me I
think it's big it was like the flashback
of Olivia having pinworms it's a good
package of tapeworms I can't remember
and I just thought duh Oh Chris he's
going to bed
those little worms are coming at night
and they're making his Bubba CH and then
it dawned on me this morning that Cody
has been complaining to me that his bum
bitches for like the last couple of
weeks he's like nomic bunches and I just
think it's cuz he's like learning how to
wipe his own bum you know oh my gosh how
did I not know this before the whole
family they're all three of the kids
they are going to take this medication
because I don't know if Cody has it I
know Boston has it it's just I know okay
dad's got the goods and we're gonna take
our medicine you give Boston his first
and yes he's wearing a coat because he
wanted to pretty excited about this but
he doesn't realize tiger do you think it
will taste like this we probably
shouldn't put it in that I wonder if we
should put it in something else
oh like a syringe oh yeah drink drink it
you got no no no no no no yeah okay
this is kind of rare these kids are like
sitting still and these are our special
friends huh
you guys don't live very close to us do
you yeah Cody who's your friend
Tyson and he I think I have a little
crush on Tyson cuz he's so handsome are
you pretending to be asleep oh yes and
this is another special friend and you
know you guys have been friends ever
since you were born I don't have very
many friends that I do stuff with but I
do have my friend cami um a long time we
worked it uh we worked at the plasma
center together and we were both
phlebotomist and that's how we met and
it was my boss and we didn't really I'm
well I was good thing we didn't like
each other but that's not true because I
I liked him I liked each other I was
just scared to death but but now that
we're not in a work environment we are
ragged friends and we talk babies at the
same time - yes yes pretty much
and we basically yeah and we basically
see each other like maybe once a year
maybe every two years so it's really fun
to get all the kids together and play
cuz they love each other don't you guys
yes uh-huh
get on top of them
you just ate two full bananas what else
do you want what else you want to eat
nurture Elvis what do you want to share
these sea strawberries gently say
strawberry got it chef what do you want
to eat
chef you want to eat straw ease just six
strawberry say strawberry and I'll get
you one
hey jebby straw bees okay you want some
strawberries yeah shaving okay you're
gonna stain your shirt why are you so
cute
hey you forgot to say thank you hey hey
hey thank you mommy
good love me yeah you're welcome
are you ready to go see the doctor
yeah yeah yeah face doctors bag ears
okay let's go see the doctor
Cody can you push the bed yeah hey this
is no look lady number look the Sun so
today has not been play yeah no number
two Olivia Olivia number to anyone okay
let mom talk your second
so today's little kind of a rough day I
went to the dentist I have two feelings
I got all of Boston sheets washed I got
all of his towels washed jammies like I
just kind of got things like cleaned up
so that because yesterday we yesterday
morning you took the over-the-counter
medication for these pinworms and no you
know what we're going I'm following you
because that's what the nurse over the
farm told us to do she's like if you
come in that's will recommend first and
then we'll do an antibiotic well I just
thought wasn't sitting well with me and
so I um I called the nurse back and I
was like this is what the other nurse
told me is that accurate or do I need to
bring Boston in and she's like oh no you
need to come in she's like you
definitely need to come in today so I'm
super glad that I really thought this
you know mother's intuition if you will
back anyway I'm really glad we brought
him in because I really wanted to just
get my man
taken care of it's just making me sick
I know you know what
there goes Boston we look this is a new
area they feel remodeled the hospital
and these guys always have fashion so
Cody was so excited to see this he's a
little disappointed that there's no fish
there's just nothing is there maybe
they're getting the toys but these are
some pretty cool chairs just your size
why don't you find a chair just just
luck
yeah and read about back Olivia Olivia
good job you just readin eating a little
sandwich just relaxed and after hard day
of ballet the toilet fish
you ready to be back here in four months
for the new baby
are you I like the other part the
women's centers yeah well now yes we do
well now you kids don't seem to think
it's too bad let's go it's our turn it's
our turn this car he's like oh my gosh
Oh Wyatt one all right yeah why Kalyan
it's such a turd Joel I'm so glad that
you came to the doctor's office with me
because trying to keep all three of
these kids tame is funny
so I don't know if what the doctor said
makes me feel better or worse he said
that he thinks what happened is that yes
he may have had pinworms
and that irritation led to what did he
call it
anal strep or something I call it but
strep it's got strep in his butt and so
he got me some medication for that and
hopefully it'll be all the way cleared
up in ten days I just know that
sometimes with that type of strep that
it's really hard to get rid of I wonder
even just where he got it from but he
said that he's only had a few cases
where it's been hard to get rid of so
I'm hopeful and of course I was like
trying really hard not to cry when he
was telling me but I don't even know why
I've been so emotional about it but when
your little baby has worms and his bum
or that's what you think is going on
it's just a little hard to hear and you
feel bad for your little guy you scaling
the building I really like what they've
done with this place oh this is cute
back here oh my I bet the employees love
having lunch out here Oh Oh looks like a
statue but beautiful statue
Joe this is really cute back here I like
it
well surely before you go to work should
we close the vlog close it and closed
that it did it closed it
I can't it's hard this whole week what
day is it Thursday
sure I this whole week I've been wishing
and hoping it was mended Oh hmm I'm
hoping this mend it because we have a
big date on Monday but the reason that I
I just remembered that we had the cutest
footage of some viewers that we met we
were at burger bar and we met this
really cute viewer and her mom she was
at a dance competition and she had just
won her dance competition and they were
the cutest people to talk to anyway that
footage got deleted because half the
time I don't even know what I'm doing so
I really said winging it that's it so
I'm very sorry to who that was but just
know that I'm what are you sure if I
would have kept the footage and I am so
so oh you okay who stand up whoa rush it
off
he's like digging to see if there's any
blood his hands are shaky serious we
hope you guys have a really nice Monday
and we will see you guys in our next
video bye guys
see ya I do really nice time
