today I wanted to show you the makeup
look that I have been wearing basically
this whole spring and summer so far for
me this has been the easiest look and
for me I feel like this has been a
really fresh clean summer spring look so
hopefully you guys like it too I have
had several requests to do it so let's
just get started
now starting off I already have my
foundation and my eyebrows done and the
reason I have those already done is
because I do have separate videos on
them you don't have to do these steps in
order to achieve the other part of this
look and so really I'm just gonna leave
that up to you because sometimes in the
summertime people don't want to wear
foundation and so my foundation routine
and my eyebrow routine will be listed in
my description bar down below my
absolute favorite thing to do when I'm
doing a really basic look is to find a
blush and a lipstick that go really well
together this does not go on Orange but
it does have a really peach hue to it
and the lipstick also does not go on
quite as bright it's more of a sheer and
I love these too these are the ones I'll
use today and so find a color that works
best on you I love pink
which is why I'm very sad and upset to
show you this blush I was gathering my
beautiful beautiful items to show you
and I picked my favorite pink blush and
I dropped it into pieces yeah you have
no idea how mad I am but one of my
favorite things is pairing a pink like
giving the choooo
I'm trying to show you here is a nice
nude pink for summer with a pink blush
that is what I wear almost all the time
if it's just something that I feel like
I look good in so find a color that
looks good on you whether it's a mom or
a purple or a pink or a peach or
whatever find a blush and the lipstick
that go together and I just feel like
that makes me feel so springy and some
Marie this is even more sad because I
think this blush is more expensive I
loved it so much I made my mom go and
buy it so when I dropped my pink blush I
dropped this blush and this blush only I
have only used it probably ten times and
it only cracked right here in this side
and so I dumped it off so I held it over
the toilet just to kind of let the
crumbs fall the whole flippin thing fell
out I'm laughing so I don't curse at you
oh I was I was mad I was mad I'm not
over it yet if you can't tell but I'm
mad anyhoo is also this is a really
pretty like burgundy blush the formula
of these buxom lip glosses is probably
one of my all-time favorites so this was
a burgundy blush with kind of a burgundy
paired lip gloss and they were beautiful
together since my peach blush is the
only blush that I picked that was not
broken in my freak accident earlier I
will be using the peach colored one
I'm just using a fluffy blush brush I
like just having a little bit of whirl
of color right here on kind of the
apples and sweet back that's where I
place mine and I always do the fish face
some people don't I like to do it
because that's it makes my cheekbones
stick out a little bit and I kind of do
like a really goofy cheesy smile to find
the apples of my cheeks to kind of give
me a guide the place that I try not to
put my blush is right in this triangle
where I've applied my concealer and
whichever blush I've chosen to go with
that day I try to pair with a matching
lipstick and apply it up
and truthfully this is good enough I
feel like I could go into town I could
go out and about and I think that this
is just a really clean pretty soft look
and sometimes I'll just add mascara I am
going to show you an eyeshadow to go
with this really quickly just so that
you have a completed look if you want to
do a little bit more than this but on
the daily I will do this with mascara
and I won't even bother with eyeshadow
so I'm gonna go ahead and put a
concealer on my eyelids because if I'm
going to wear eye shadow I always wear
concealer and that's probably why I skip
this step sometimes because it is a
little bit more of a hassle but just
real quickly I'll just dab on the
concealer or eyeshadow primer whichever
you're working with and to set that so
that it doesn't crease and to give me
just a flat color
I'm gonna take my powder then I set my
under eyes with I'm just gonna use that
to set my eyelids in my Z palette I have
a whole bunch of makeup geek eyeshadows
and makeup geek has become mmm pretty
much my favorite eyeshadow for a long
time all I used was Mac eyeshadows and I
thought they were the best and I swore I
would never switch to anything else
these are less than half the cost of Mac
eyeshadows and they blend so much better
than Mac eyeshadows and you can find him
at makeup geek calm and literally these
are the best eyeshadows I think I've
used they're super pigmented but they
blend really easy Peach Smoothie and
creme brulee that I use the absolute
most of so all load Peach Smoothie up on
my fluffy brush and I will just not even
be that perfect and just go in my crease
and above I like to bring it up pretty
high on my brow bone
just because I think it's pretty hmm and
you just want to make sure that it's
really blended out and you
couldn't stop there or you can add just
a little bit of the creme brulee below
so with a smaller flatter brush I'll
take creme brulee and I'll apply it just
barely in my crease right here below
where I had Peach Smoothie and blend it
up in between the two colors just to
just deepen the color just a tear and
the last step is just adding some
mascara I do not have a favorite mascara
but something that I kind of go back to
a lot is the Clinique high impact
mascara I don't know why I like this
stuff I just kind of feel like it is the
best thing that I've found ish I can't
even hardly say that because there's
just no mascara out there that I really
love so basically whatever mascara
you're gonna use go ahead and use for a
long time I was scared to just have
mascara cuz I don't know I just didn't
feel as put together but I think that I
just was so used to wearing eyeliner but
I like this look a lot and I feel good
when I wear it
so that is it for this look the only
other thing I can say is this hair I
think it's been five days since I washed
my hair and I just could not I could not
imagine washing my hair blow-drying it
whatever so I just sprayed my little
flyaways right here and I slipped it up
into a bun and who cares it's summer it
feels so good to get your hair off of
your neck out of your face and out of
your way I I think it's just fine maybe
I'll wash my hair tomorrow we'll see how
I feel but that is all I have for today
if you enjoyed this video go ahead and
give it a thumbs up and I will see you
guys in my next video bye
- going up at all oh my gosh
