weeks are flying by I cannot believe how
often I am filming baby updates it feels
like I am doing them back-to-back all
the time it's just the weeks are going
by too fast and I mean that when I say I
feel like they're going by too fast I
don't want this to end kind of in like
the good way you know what I mean
but this week I am turning 25 weeks 20 I
think I'm gonna be shocked every time I
tell you the week that we're on when I
do these from here on out because it
just hit me this week that I'm having a
baby
I mean yeah I know that I've been
pregnant this whole time and everything
but it's like okay my mind hasn't really
allowed me to think ahead to that 40
week mark when I'm gonna actually be
bringing home a baby and I don't know if
I'm ready for that I don't know if I'm
ready to be up through the night I mean
just that feeling inside your body and
inside your mind when you're just so
exhausted and the way you look um I
don't know if I'm quite ready for that
I'm sure that I will be endorphins are
gonna be kicking in hormones are gonna
be kicking in and I'll be ready for it
but it is a little bit nerve-wracking to
think it kind of hit me this week so I
have been feeling the baby
non-stop Kody has sat on my lap with his
hands on my tummy and he has felt the
baby move Olivia sat next to me and had
her hands on my tummy and she was like
wait what was that was that the baby was
that the baby I just felt and we really
enjoyed our little special time both of
us feeling the baby move and it was
really really fun and nice when Jill and
I cuddle a lot of times he will wrap his
arms around me for like five minutes
because then I'm 200 like okay get off
me but those five minutes he has his
hands on my tummy and it's really fun
for him to feel the baby move and I love
anytime I feel it I just kind of smile
because I just love feeling that little
guy inside so a long
having this whole realization that I'm
going to be bringing a baby home in 15
weeks there's a few things that I would
like to get situated in my house I have
someone asked me are you gonna get a new
house I'm like no do I need to get a new
even I could survive with all the babies
in one room with all four of my kids in
one room they would survive they would
be happy and I can make firm believer um
that contentment is happiness
I like being content with what I have I
don't always have to have more that
doesn't mean I'm settling but that
doesn't mean that I'm always wishing
that I had more because I like my house
and my kids would be happy whether we
had a huge house whether we had a tiny
apartment because happiness is not based
on the things that we have do you know
what I mean you know what I mean you
should know what I mean
but what I would like to do is so far
when we bought our house we've taken a
trim my room and we've redone room by
room and we would like to redo Cody's
room get a set of bunk beds and have
Cody emboss and share a room and we need
to redo the closet I'd like to get the
closet because they're the old school
closets where there's basically a bar at
the top and what Joe has done has gone
through and redone our shelves for us in
our closets and so that has been super
nice and so that's one thing that we
want to get done before the baby comes
and so I'm actually really excited about
that but I'm nervous because I don't
want to move my little Boston weight out
of his baby room that's a our baby room
is next to our room and it is kind of
fun having the babies right next to us
but it's also sad when you have to move
the little one out of it but he was fine
Boston so independent and I'm just
hoping that he learns how to stay in a
bed easily olivia was a nightmare she
was a nightmare did I say she was a
nightmare because it was terrible the
worst thing I've ever had to teach her
Cody
I laid him in his big-boy bed it's a
little toddler bed and I said cake color
don't get out of your bed and the next
morning I said you just stay in your bed
yeah mom I stayed in my bed never ever
once have I had an issue with him
getting out of his bed he just does what
he's told and oh I was so heaven-sent
so we'll see what Boston's gonna be I'm
thinking he's gonna be somewhere in
between I think he's gonna be not
perfect but not hellacious just kind of
right there in the middle just you know
mm-hmm so I'm getting to the point where
everything is just exhausting to me we
had a really big day yesterday and I
went to bed at 9 o'clock I was asleep at
9 o'clock and when I woke up the next
morning I did feel better but oh I just
I can't do a whole lot because then the
next day I will pay for it sorry I am
trying to not be not even trying I guess
I shouldn't even say that because I want
to go do things I want to go and be
active through the summer but it's
really hard the only thing I want to do
is sit all I want to do is sit sit sit
and it feels so good to sit that is my
pregnancy update for you this week I
think what I'm gonna do on Fridays for
Friday's video I want to do a makeup
look on this look that I'm kind of
wearing now because this is how I've
been basically doing my makeup this
whole summer and I've had a few
compliments on it and a few requests to
show you how to do it so Friday's video
I am gonna do this look is super simple
super easy and very quick so if you want
to watch that make sure you are
subscribed so you get notified when the
video goes up it will be up on Friday
thank you guys so much for following me
along and watching these videos I love
your comments your comments are amazing
to me I read them and I appreciate them
if you're enjoying these videos make
sure you click the thumbs up button to
let me know and I'll see you in my next
video bye bye
you
you
