I'm sure Lincoln had something to do
with that
I'll come look hold on we got to get
Lincoln's hands wiped up cause he's been
eating french fries we're gonna take his
little watch off this is actually Cody's
watch and he has claimed it as his own
didn't you can you say good night to
everybody
no I say good night to everybody
say good night I'm gonna go take a nap
don't act like you don't like taking
that I love you and you know what the
other night he wouldn't even look me in
the eyes he was looking at the corner
and he said no you're not having a
bottle and binky where did you even
learn that and I you have been no you
have been teaching Calvin bad things
Calvin asked Ellie he said I wanna blow
binky she's like where did you learn
thank you from are you gonna be the bad
influence cousin influential cousin are
you a good or a bad influential cousin
did you take him downstairs
Maddie Olivia we run downstairs and find
his doggie yeah I always tell you not to
do that I'm like don't take your doggie
out of here that's naughty
swallow what's in your mouth hurry eat
it all gone say no binky yeah no binky
but you bought your doggie no lay down
close your eyes I can't see your face oh
that makes all I wanna hurt you close
your eyes
there we go
he doesn't even take me seriously let's
go see baby did you spill all over the
carpet yep he is a charred yes you may
Olivia come here come here I want to
show you and I'm looking through the
book that my sister Ruby made for me for
Christmas and I was looking today is my
friend
Melanie's birthday I grew up with
Melanie and she was a good friend of
mine all my entire life and I was
looking at her picture at our picture
and if you look in right at my ears you
can see I've got those earrings on that
wasn't too long after I got my ears
pierced and so I was about your age when
that picture was taken I was your age in
that picture what do you think it's
three I can't because when I look at
myself at eight years old I think I look
so grown-up but you're just too like I
feel like you're just a wittle baby yeah
that's so II love you like I don't know
what to say mom stop being awkward and
weird no no I just wanted to show you
hey just like you you want to get your
ears pierced
yeah I don't and I'm not gonna get your
ears pierced till you're 18
ain't no chickadee grandpa's little
chickadee that's my grandpa called me we
had to do a little bit of damage control
we had to move all of Cody's Legos up
here on the shelf and rebuild some of
the things because stinkin Lincoln got
into everything I'm slowly becoming a
Lego master I'm not sure how long it
takes but I'm pretty sure I'm almost
there this is the last book I don't see
how we all will be done well it shows to
leave a space behind the bench to leave
a space behind the bench and stick it on
this line and it's fine yes the details
that go into this stuff is insane so
this is the airport like the inside you
can see the detail in the screen and on
the keyboard it's not wanting to focus
on it because it's so little
if we both go the other way because it
like scoops the people up so it goes the
other way
oh no it's to go that way that does not
seem only okay so people walk in and go
through the revolving door security gate
right here and the windows here the
thing that I don't understand about
Legos is you put them together once and
then what I for me I just I don't want
anyone to touch it I'm paranoid of
losing pieces I don't know it's just a
little crazy this has been a nice thing
to keep the Legos in there I know I've
been doing it all week and I feel like I
love it should we show them yours can
you bring it out here bring everything
down here and we'll show them so while
olivia goes and gets her Legos to show
you I'll show you what our system has
been I find the pieces for Cody and Cody
puts them together which I'm not really
complaining
yep dad built Olivia's entire thing for
her I'm just hoping cake not are you
serious yeah too short
did you find the three dotted one yeah
let's put it on I find the pieces for
him and I set the pieces underneath the
picture and then Cody puts them together
that's too big try the one that I gave
you that's yours and me and you put that
one together you guys need to get ready
because what I'm about to show you is
the most beautiful Lego set in the world
what we have here is the Elsa castle and
the two beauties at the top balcony
opens up that's not supposed to happen
technical difficulties
all these if she could keep her balance
the door would open and close just like
so and their beautiful bedroom this is
her bed this is like a carpet kind of
thing mm-hmm
this is the staircase that comes out of
their bedroom but I know you guys are
thinking like there's two steps look at
this you just twist it and we'll go out
and down look at their little table at
ISA and little itty bitty tiny glasses a
little snowman if you read the book also
Amana
gets a cold and whenever she sneezed
these little snowmen appear Olaf takes
them to the big monster him if you watch
the movie you can see him oh okay one
more thing these like cracks in the
middle of their dress yeah so look I
don't even know I'm pretty excited what
you're gonna say cause it has a balloon
okay and then you just stick it straight
through you so their sleds awesome
Olivia it's beautiful and you did not
put any of this together did you did all
of it for her she was so frustrated
think it's a mini fridge reader
oh what's in it a carrot that won't
stick all the way in
here's a chocolate bark cute oh why
didn't anybody tell me my date arrived
dressed we thought today was gonna be
like nice and leisure cool and calm and
then like a million little things just
dropped into our lap that we forgot
about or neglected and so that bit us in
the butt oh well if this is a mandate do
I have to open the door here
you can open the door and walk me to the
door hey hey looky there
we're off to see a movie you look up you
gotta go how come you look like you're
smuggling nothing in but you are and I
feel like I'm a pregnant woman well baby
soccer played you
he's gonna be a couch potato so this
french fries
I get it adds good stuff before we go
into Olivia's room I want Cody to show
us his Lego set they'd use all the way
done with I did this yesterday me and
dad finished this but then I this is the
airport mm-hmm and I finished this thing
today we have a small chair and tower
and like you know how radios working
this is how it works because I how do
you know that we have a conveyor belt
right here for these little packages so
you put them in one thing right here and
then you do that and it wins then we're
in the plane and if you their plays not
there and you do it they'll just fall
off if there's a red light shine that
means you have stuff that you're not
supposed to know if this one sign it's
the right type right here is where you
said until your plane goes now the plane
is my favorite part you open the door
and you can kind of see inside where
that is and you can close it like that
and there's a really funny part that
mean my dad built it let me first close
the door if I take the back off there's
a little potty in there and this is hot
and cold Oh Cory that's awesome is there
anything else inside will you show us
what's inside oh I had no idea that was
in here Cody yeah there's oh my gosh
there's these here where there's some
snacks and this is the pilots or the
pilots when we this is the thing were
the things have to be ladies and
gentlemen this is your stewardess
speaking I'm not sure if that means but
okay Cody I had no idea that there was
like detail inside this plane I
literally didn't until just now
that is amazing it's a really cool thing
good
and is your captain speaking
just as strange as it came he left the
same we're actually taking the kids to a
movie in like 10 minutes so he dropped
me up I'm going to pick up Bonnyman hey
I'll see you buddy stuff your pockets me
and Jared smuggled in to combo meals
alright you'd be proud of us we did that
without a purse pong I don't think you
understand the challenge that that was
she is cold and you're not you're aware
of this we TV we do by her ticket well
infants are always free
especially nursing ones please bring a
toy and I was like no we're not bringing
toys and they'll look on Olivia's face
it was like I told her that her newborn
couldn't come I was like I'm just
kidding Coco was the best show we came
and saw that Star Wars I feel like a job
move a little bit do you
oh hold on come over here I want to get
a picture of them in front of the movie
we're going to see we always do that and
I know it's like maybe choosing it's fun
hey these guys are doing it too you see
that empty space that's why it's you
haven't been waiting for that all day
come on Kyle pull through please get
some from the back Kyle Kyle Kyle oh my
gosh
you guys literally cleaned it did the
babysitter change your diaper word who
gave you that cinnamon bear I can smell
it the deal was we were gonna come home
and get ready for bed quick quick let's
go in the bathroom and brush our teeth
and I think mom is gonna help you brush
your teeth even you Olivia
it was the cutest show ever who fell
down pray not a baby Grinch gasps
tightly that's the jazzy Grinch can you
say good night to everybody good night
say good night to Daddy say good night
Grinch
you heard Lincoln we are calling it a
night the movie Ferdinand is afrin and
Ferdinand is a pretty man
I know it's Britain and uh I know I saw
the D would you pronounce the D further
man or pretty man guys thanks for
another day thanks for watching anything
night cream Wow we're gonna call it a
night
thank you guys for watching another vlog
with us if you enjoyed it make sure you
give it a thumbs up and I'll see you
guys tomorrow I'm sure
bye guys good afternoon this is your
captain speaking with just a little
flight information coming up on the Left
we're going to be catching a glimpse of
the Grand Canyon on the right you can be
able to see the Hoover Dam in just a few
minutes we're flying at an altitude of
37,000 feet in our air speed is 400
miles an hour a couple little facts here
I'm packing a Colt King
