this week I am turning 24 weeks and I
feel like I have a lot of changes to
talk about and they're kind of subtle
changes but you know how when you start
getting bigger it's like you can't quite
sit up on your own like like if Jill and
I are sitting in bed every night
watching TV eating snacks I can't and I
have to get up and you know go get a
different snack or go to the bathroom or
something when I sit up it's like I
might we please push me up or we help me
get out of bed because it's hard to sit
up on my own now and this week I went
and bought some new sandals and I told
the lady I feel like I'm buying mom's
sandals I want and the reason I say
mom's sandals is because there's a
reason that moms dress different than
teenagers our bodies need different
things I cannot wear plastic flip-flops
anymore I mean I can literally my son is
outside I told him I said turn the hose
off because when I'm inside recording
it's too loud you can hear it going on
and off I've gone out there twice
already to have him turn it off and he
doesn't quite register in his mind that
I hear it so he thinks like okay I'll
turn it off and then when mom goes
inside I'm gonna turn it back on no he
is such a turkey he is out there you
think those so if you hear the hose
going on and off let's just ignore it
okay let's just let him play with the
hose okay where was I I can wear the
plastic flip-flops but it was like an
everyday thing I need something that's
gonna support my feet a little bit
better than just those cheapo sandals
and so I went and bought some Oh what
are they called Birkenstock the hiset
Birkenstock I know it's German cuz she
mentioned my last name Helene as being
German I'm pretty sure they're called
Birkenstocks and I needed a sandal that
was going to support my arches a little
bit better and they're cute but I just
they're not what I would probably
normally buy on a regular basis but I
feel
I need something a little bit more
supportive and they're cute they're fine
they're cute
but it is I was telling the lady it is a
dip there's a difference in the way you
need to be dressing you should get a
little bit older I'm all for dressing
young and stuff but when you have babies
when you have your body I don't know it
just it just changes and you need
different things and for me I feel like
I'm a mama for I should probably dress
like a mama for and I don't know it's a
hard transition it's a hard transition
to go from the junior section to the
women's section it's like you just there
needs to be an in-between stage you know
they need to have an in-between section
because I don't feel like I'm all the
way in the women's section sometimes so
some things and I'm definitely not in
the teen section anymore so it is a hard
transition and so switching to these
Birkenstocks shoes is definitely more
comfortable which I like but it's I
don't know it's a change and it's
something that I just need to get used
to and I know that there are plenty of
people out there in that same situation
I call my older sister because the nicer
the clothes you get because I feel like
I need a a more firm shaped clothing and
most of the time those are a little more
expensive I can't just throw on a cotton
tee and have it look nice on me so my
suit elder sister Ruby we kind of go
through that a little bit she has six
kids and so she knows all about what I'm
talking about and so I call her I'm like
I bought a hundred dollar pair of
sandals today she just laughs because
she knows exactly how I feel and my mom
it's like okay mom what kind of fancy
wearing these days I don't know it's a
funny change but we'll get through it
baby right now is about the size of a
cantaloupe and I definitely feel like I
have been growing my stomach is big this
week though I think I've gone through
three watermelons which is awesome last
night I snapped on a bunch of watermelon
and that fills me up a lot which is I
that is such a good thing to fill up on
watermelon versus like chips and soda or
something and so I'm really happy that
it's warming
outside kind of it's warming up and so I
want to be having all the time I want to
have watermelon cut up and I've really
been enjoying cucumbers and carrots cut
up and either in vinegar or dipping them
in ranch I'm okay dipping him in the
ranch that's fine with me as long as the
main bulk of it is the vegetable you
know but that has been tasting really
good to me this week and something that
is not changing from week to week is
what I'm wearing I live in this dress
and the white and coral stripe dress is
the exact same as this one they are the
most comfortable things I've ever worn I
love it because there's nothing that has
to go underneath them these are the ones
I got from Target if you didn't see my
maternity haul I'll put the link down
below for you and I did talk about them
in that video I wear these every day
and I don't even care if that's all I
wear because I'm comfortable and it's
one thing I have to put on it's not like
pants and a top or whatever and there's
nothing cutting me off
I love these dresses and it's a good
thing Ellie showed them to me because
she's the one that found him oh the last
thing I wanted to talk about was I went
to the dentist today every pregnancy
that I've had they've ended in root
canals and my teeth I have I have dental
issues all the time on a regular basis
but when I'm pregnant it just goes into
a hyperactive mode I get lots of
cavities and they usually I have root
canals that need to be filled so far
with every pregnancy and today I went in
and he was like okay you've got a cavity
that's underneath a filling and it's
really close to your roots he's like if
we don't get it taken care of now it
will end in a root canal that is all I
have for this update I'm pretty sure my
son is soaked with the hose so I'm gonna
go check on him and I think our plan is
to go get Aggie ice cream today so I
will leave you with that and I'll see
you in my next video bye
seriously I floss and I brush twice a
day wife i floss once a day I brush
twice a day I use mouthwash MA every
couple of days in the evenings and and
the last time I went to the dentist he
told me I had gingivitis judge Ibaka's I
couldn't believe it
it's cleared up now I worked really hard
at it
