good morning you guys and happy Monday
it has become very routine that in the
mornings when Olivia goes to school
these two oh my gosh she is during Santa
they are gonna get it has become routine
that the boys go outside and play and it
was so cute I tried catching it earlier
but he was too quick oh no it's because
those Cody was climbing this tree right
here and he looked so cute he was
sitting there with his arm around the
trunk watched him blast and play and it
was pretty cute yep now you got sand in
your eye that we don't throw sand so
this is usually what I do Olivia goes to
school and I will either make lunch or
do dishes that I need to do and I just
stand in the window and watch these kids
play either in the sandbox in the
sandbox which is nice because it's
shaded or they go out and play on our
new singing set which they have been
loving so something else that has become
pretty routine around here is um
Boston usually takes his nap just before
olivia is getting home from school which
leaves just me and my little code boy
huh yeah we go downstairs and get some
trays that we eat mm-hmm usually grab a
snack don't we yeah cuz we have lunch
before yeah okay why am i deep down to
my body and then what happens Gary
Cooper down that's wrong and what what
snack do we have today
you have suspected cheetah cheetah hello
totally a healthy snack okay we have
strawberries in our water does that make
it healthy why are these your favorite
cuz well when I was a kid I said she
doesn't I wanted some but when you were
a kid you song and how many was I no no
probably really little yeah yeah
do you know that I kind of like my quiet
time with you yeah yeah and sometimes
sometimes we watch movies sometimes I
make him take a nap with me just kind of
depends huh that's that's laughs I love
to yeah sometimes you put science just
like sometimes I just sing make out of
like it okay and just mumbled that whole
thing what did you say oh that's
sometimes I snake a blanket when you do
spin slangs you sneak out of the blanket
when you're sleep are you kidding me and
I know I had no idea I love you I love
you you do mm-hmm
why do you love me can you show flan I
love you just cuz yeah do you know that
I love you you know when you're naughty
ah I do I love you even when you're
naughty
bye you say goodbye hey Boston do you
want to go to Grandma's are you kidding
me I literally turn this camera on he
goes camera shy are you joking do you
want to go to Grandma's no means yes
doesn't if it's a no with the high pitch
at the end that means yes you want to go
see grandma see grandma
okay this is how you know that no means
no Boston it's time to take a nap yes
yes see that's how you know the
difference
hey should we go play at Grandma's house
rip down her deck hey hey thanks for
making us breakfast daddy why are dads
the best of making breakfast
because dads get really hungry and they
just make cuz they get really sick about
being fed all right we're at my parents
house and my dad has hired but in and by
hired I use that loosely because I'm a
I'm a boy and I have a dad and that
means I have to give free labor I'm
pretty sure so hi Jared yeah right
that's just what you do for your parents
is you know that's you you're hired for
the job they gave you lyfe so you give
them labor we paying that debt forever
anyway so we're gonna rip down this deck
you could tell it's a little uh little
jalopy of a deck now it's it's as old as
I am so it's ready to come down we're
gonna get ready for new so this is this
is my this old house yeah all right
ladies and gentlemen this is the main
event
Jared Meachem here live on Bonney
Holdings channel we are at Jolin Joel's
parents house yep and we're making some
progress on the deck Joel tell us what's
going on well so far the deck struck a
couple times and we took a few blows but
then we gave a few more back and we're
winning but we're to the point where
this will be the final straw yeah this
is the final round right here this is
where rocky comes back against the
Russian so rude that's what we're gonna
do here in a second
all right Rocky is he saying okay why
can't I remember what he says he's like
like when he's got the flag on them yeah
you was a and me saying you something
like that
we've got Babe Ruth / rocky here gonna
knock this this deck down that's a good
bat got the nails yeah you take that to
a street fight okay you ready let's do
it
I seriously hope that that doesn't get
me
what almost there this is going to be
the difficult one those nails are gonna
come in handy Jared Oh grip that hey-oh
professional demolition hit and run
joel is a hired professional so don't
you guys worry we might have to lift it
ready yeah hey hey man holy crap
ladies and gentlemen that is the final
event the match is over
Joel one deck zero so as the trains go
by I thought I would say hello and I
wanted to show you I'm standing up here
and there's no deck and it's like really
high up here and it really kind of makes
me nervous but I'm looking you can see
Joel's family's old handprints
underneath the sculpture and I remember
this shed from when we were little and
Joey the first time I came over to Joe's
house we went in that shed and I
remember thinking we were we were like
just out of sixth grade and I remember
thinking I hope he kisses me I want him
to kiss me in the shed because we were
in there and the lights were off just
cause it was like I don't know somewhere
to go and he didn't kiss me obviously I
mean it took him how many more years
like 12 yes 12 literally 12 anyway Joel
Doug he helped dig the foundation the
hole for that little shed thing that
they built I know he's such a manly man
yeah he's my man hajjali hey Joel get
back to work we just line up was that
taste like
that tastes pretty good do you want to
know what we love about Gamma Hellenes
huh
is that in her fridge you get it is that
in her fridge
she always oh you know what let's just
find a little place for it
well Joel you got dinner out of taking
the deck down is that pretty worth it no
my parents that's okay
I think it was just a choice boy are you
making the choice is yours
well Joel you did good today yeah it's
very grateful what are you doing mr.
peppy oh you've been pretending to be a
dog all day and he is licking my
watermelon good thing is just for us and
we don't care about Boston germs to me
no leave it right there for him he's
just fine you guys want to lick the
watermelon first Shh I want to hear what
does the dog say yes what does the dog
say okay what is the doc say everybody I
like your rubber boot you better hurry
up
this is wasting fertilizer nothing done
so tonight
Joel got home from work and he is it's
been raining so much and he's like I'm
taking advantage of this free reign and
I'm gonna fertilize our guard hi Joel
yeah water is expensive so you got to
take it when you get it yep yeah make my
lawn so green yeah right we are long it
is hard to keep a lawn green oh my gosh
and water we don't have secondary water
we have culinary water and so we have to
pay for every little drop that we use it
is really hard to keep a long green and
expensive but we do the best we can
Joel's pretty good at it but all I want
to do is climb in bed and watch a show
before we go to bed he's seriously
fertilizing it's like 9:30 the kids went
to bed two hours ago Joel just got home
from work and look who all decided to
greet their Foggia they are all away the
laundry you found what awesome clothes
did you dress up oh come on yeah I went
downstairs yeah I went downstairs to
tell them to go to bed for like the
third time an hour ago and I was like
what's that smell and I'm like oh my G
odor like you smell like a daddy why why
do you smell like a daddy oh yeah and
this Nerf ball that I found that yeah um
oh no it's bitten who did that oh maybe
I did you said how he did it
whooping it Oh he begged for this sweet
sweet nerf gun near fall Christmas
forever Olivia why did you do that well
I next Christmas what guess what you get
what I asked for mine
huh never seen it you tell your day king
he's telling us all about his day did
you go play in the water yeah huh good
luck that's a concern no see that's what
I don't really know I'm nervous to where
he's going what did you ask him
I don't know boy he's going to miss her
Oh Oh car oh I let him go to sleep with
eternity you're gonna go to sleep with
the car yeah he's so excited to see I
know okay seriously though it is time
for bed okay
we are officially saying good night to
the kids and we are officially saying
goodnight to you guys thanks for
watching this vlog even though it is so
random there's so much just randomness
to it but that's kind of the way our
week went so that's how the vlog is
gonna go appreciate it no just kidding
we say good night to everybody
those french fries are not for you game
I had a really nice time good night
