we have all heard of Pinterest Pinterest
is a wonderful wonderful creation I have
sway stood many many many hours on
Pinterest but it's also been a very
helpful tool it helped me create my
bedroom which is gorgeous
and it has helped me with dinner ideas
and one day I was looking and I found
this really beautiful set of lips and it
was this really simple way to exfoliate
your lips simply all you do is get some
tape press it securely against your lips
and rub that tape down and then easily
you rip the tape off your lips why I
thought that was a good idea no no no no
ohh my lips were kind of dry and really
that is kind like I I can see why people
would think okay that's a good idea you
just peel off that top layer well it
didn't just peel off that top layer it
took those dry pieces of skin and like
went down into my lip I ripped it off
and I immediately was like oh crap
Oh flippin crap like my lips started
bleeding in like every single crevice of
my mouth I woke up the next morning with
little scab EES all over my lips it was
horrible
it was horrible the first thing that I
will do to keep my lips nice and soft
and exfoliated in a healthy kind of way
is I'll when I get done brushing my
teeth I'll take my toothbrush and I'll
go over my lips with my toothbrush and
it kind of helps exfoliate and then you
rinse your mouth and your roots your
lips and I always kind of scrub off the
top of my lips when I'm brushing my
teeth and the most simple scrub that you
can just whip together is sugar take a
little bit of sugar and a little bit of
olive oil and mix those two together
once you have the
sugar and the oil mixed together I just
gently go over my lips and I scrub the
top layer of my lips and I don't go hard
you just gently go over the top layer
and then you rinse it this little
Vaseline stays in my makeup case and I
also have one upstairs on my toothbrush
drawer and when I am done brushing my
teeth when I go to bed at night before I
do my makeup I put a thin layer of
Vaseline over my lips and I feel like
that is the best way that I know how to
keep my lips nice and moisturized if you
have any Pinterest fails which I have
many more go ahead and leave those in
the comments below or give this video a
thumbs up I think we've all been there
done that
but for now thanks for watching this
video and I'll see you guys next week
bye
