today is my 23 week update I cannot
believe I am 23 weeks today I'm going to
be talking about my little Boston Wade I
love that little voice so much and his
birth story is actually very simple so
here we go after I had Olivia and Cody
I told Joel I only want three kids
that's what we want both of us we
decided that three kids is what we
wanted and so we bought our pickup and
it was big enough for our whole family
and that was our gonna that was going to
be our family vehicle and neither of us
wanted more than three and we wanted to
wait until Cody was like three and then
we would have one more so we would give
ourselves a little break and I had to
have been there for the conception but I
don't know how we came up with Boston we
wanted to wait we were trying to wait
and when we found out we were pregnant
we were shocked we were shocked once I
hit nine months I was induced a week
early with Boston for no reason other
than I wanted to be and so um I was
induced I win it Joel and I went into
the hospital at 7:00 in the evening
which I can't remember why we went in
that late but that's when they had us so
we went in that evening at 7:00 and my
sister Julie and my mom they came over
to the house and I remember I had just
gotten my room redone everything was
like perfectly clean it was nice knowing
that the kids were being taken care of
in my home and they were not far from
where I was and so my mom and my sister
Julie took care of the kids they spent
the night at my house and we had our
babies so I was induced at 7:00 and I
had progressed much more quickly with
this baby than I did the other ones and
so I have the baby at 3:12 in the
morning so I was not in labor for too
too long which was really nice compared
to the other ones which were much much
longer so Joel had just got done working
um he had worked
five 12-hour shifts in a row and he was
tired he had just gotten home he
actually came home a couple hours early
from work and so he had just come off of
a ten-hour shift that day and so he was
tired and by the time I was ready to go
into labor oh I was in a lot of pain I
think there was one little window that
didn't get the epidural wasn't working
in and so I was in a lot of pain
actually and he was asleep and I
remember being frustrated that he was
asleep but I understood why he was so
tired and I was just bawling bawling
bawling the nurse came in checked me and
she's like oh we're ready to go
and so they flipped on the lights and
poor Joel like stood up from his little
bed like his eyes were all bloodshot
anyway so we had the baby and it went
really well I think I only had a couple
of contractions that I had to push
through and he was here I have torn with
all of my babies I had a third-degree
tear with Olivia a second-degree tear
with Cody and the last one wasn't as bad
but I still had stitches and things I
don't know I'm really hoping that that
doesn't happen with this fourth baby but
I don't know what it is the first thing
I said when Boston was born is he's huge
he was 8 pounds 12 ounces
he was almost nine pounds I couldn't
believe it he was 21 inches long and he
was just a big baby he's the biggest one
so far that I've had and it was just it
was kind of funny to see him but he has
been such a little blessing in our lives
and oh my gosh just he's just funny
actually Boston is the only baby that
nursed with me without a shield with
Olivia I was given a shield with bought
with Cody I had to get him out of the
hospital I had to get in order to get
him out of the hospital he has blood
sugar had to go up and so he needed to
eat and he wasn't eating and so I River
I bike reverted back
that crappy habit of using that shield
and so he kind of used it kind of didn't
it was not a good it wasn't very
successful nursing him and Boston just
nursed he just fed and it was so nice he
could just do that I was very grateful
that he nursed and I only nursed him for
a couple of months as well and Olivia I
think I nursed for four months Cody I
nursed for like maybe two or three
months and with Boston a nurse for two
or three months and he did really well
but after the delivery and after I had
nursed him I went into the recovery room
Joel fell asleep and I lay there in the
most pain I have ever been and I was
getting super super strong anxiety I
couldn't feel my legs because of the
epidural which was making me nuts oh and
and I was just in a lot of pain and so
they gave me the highest amount of
percocet that they could give me and I
was just I mean I was bawling and
stinking Joel was still asleep in the
corner I was uh I was just I I felt
almost out of control and so I called
the nurse in and I said I don't know
what else you can give me but I can't
take this I feel like I'm going
absolutely crazy so they gave me
morphine and I told them I said I feel
like I can't pee and I said I have a
really sensitive bladder anyway and so
they gave me a catheter and which was
cool so they gave me a catheter and
after that I felt much much better and I
don't know if I even dare post the
picture of me I I told Joel he finally
woke up and like you deadbeat get up he
finally got up and he was like can I
take your picture because oh my gosh I
was not looking good okay you know I
don't know I'm gonna have to think about
this as I'm editing if I'm gonna put
this picture and free or not but after
that it seemed to I seem to do a little
bit better but it was very very a very
painful recovery
and it took and it usually takes me a
while to recover from my deliveries a
lot I know a lot of people that go home
they start going to the zoo with their
babies and the kids and like I just
don't do that after I have babies
I sit home for a good two to three
months and I don't do anything I don't
go anywhere I just that is the most
precious time to me that I am not
willing to give up for very much and so
we just stay home and we nurse and we
change diapers and we just lounge
together and to me I've at that time
that it's just it's irreplaceable and so
I just don't do anything I stay home and
I take care of my baby
and physically I don't recover quickly
it takes me a while and so I don't know
that's that the first night that we came
home I put Boston to bed and he I woke
him up after four hours because I
thought oh I want to go in and give him
and so I got him the next day I did the
same thing the next day I let him go for
five hours and I thought you know I'm
just gonna let him sleep and he slept I
think seven hours and within a week he
was sleeping eight hours a night and
he's been that way ever since he is my
best little boy he nursed well he slept
through the night so fast and I just
remember feeling so blessed so that is
Boston Wade's birth story if you want to
see the other tuberous stories that I
did for my other two children I will
have those linked below if you're not
subscribed to my channel go ahead and do
it it is free you just subscribe if
you're subscribed basically all that
means is that you'll be notified when I
put up a new video so that you won't
miss out on other videos I will end by
showing you my belly and I will see you
in the next video bye
ah I have done this intro five ja
photobomb
I never amid these eyes Uzis you wanted
all it is is about you your baby I'm
your old babies
why can't it be about me ah yeah ah
seriously make those kids be quiet I'm
so fed up with them hey Tosh
