today I'm going to show you how I put my
hair up into I don't even know what you
want to call it a bun a top not a messy
pony a messy bun there's so many
different things you can call it a
ballerina bun there's so many different
ways that you can achieve this look and
I've done many different types but I
just seem to always go back to this way
even when it looks a little bit
different and variation it's just maybe
that my hair was really messy that day
or my hair is really slick that day
clean dirty whatever that all kind of
takes into account how your hair is
gonna turn out a lot of times I just do
this with my hair when it's curly and it
looks a whole lot different than when it
is straight so this is clean straight
hair that was really weird clean this is
clean straight hair and so it will look
a little bit more I want to say fancy
but it kind of looks a little bit more
fancy when it's clean and straight
versus what I've let it air dry and I've
got little Curly's around my face I like
it both ways it really just depends on
the look you're going for so this should
be a really simple tutorial so let's get
started the first thing I like to do is
create a little bit of volume by back
combing around the front parts of my
hair and instead of combing through my
hair I just use my fingers to make sure
it doesn't look like a rat's nest and
then I just go ahead and pull my hair
all up into a ponytail and you can put
it as high up onto your head as you want
now before I start wrapping my hair
around the pony I really want to make
sure that the hair that up into the pony
looks the way I want it to I will even
go through the back part of my hair and
make sure that that's not pulled all the
way tight either unless that's the look
you're going for sometimes I do this
exact same look but I slicked all of my
hair back into a really tight ponytail
and you can do it either way it really
just depends on whatever look you're
going for but today I kind of want a
little more not so slick
then I'll take my pick and I will
backcomb my ponytail and try to give my
ponytail as much volume as I can before
I start I like to spray after I've back
combed my ponytail just to make sure
that it stays and that it's not so
frizzy right now I am loving the Bed
Head masterpiece hairspray
it smells like Smarties and it holds so
good so I gather all my hair to one side
and depending on what my hair looks like
that day I will either twist it forward
or I will twist it all backwards before
I start wrapping it around my head and
once I get the first wrap around
I'll bobby pin that in place and then
I'll finish the rest of the hair
and then you can go ahead and pull it
your button and make it as pieced out as
you want or as smoothed out as you want
a lot of times I won't really care if I
have all these little flyaways but it
really like I said just depends on the
kind of look that you're going for if
I'm going to slick it back and have it
be a more sleek ponytail or even if it's
slicked back with a messy ponytail or if
it's going to be like this I can make it
a little bit more formal if I dress it
up with jewelry but not your makeup it
really all just depends on the whole
look that you're going for on how you're
gonna fix it that is it that is pretty
simple thank you guys so much for
watching give this video a thumbs up if
you liked it and I'll see you guys in my
next video bye
you
you
