today is my 22 week update and you're
going to find out a few things about me
today and one is that I like to keep my
life as simple as I possibly can and
this week has been really busy and I
feel like I haven't had a chance to rest
as much as I usually have and so today I
was trying to get ready I was kind of
stressing out about sitting down and
filming this video and I just thought
you know what
you can keep your life a little more
simple you don't need to officially go
sit down in your room and record a video
and you don't have to get all the way
ready because a lot of moms don't and so
I did the bare minimum I'm really out of
breath I'm sorry I just got all my kids
or at least the tutor song yes her lunch
and they are gonna sit here and eat it
while I quickly record this video and
the other thing about myself is that I
like to schedule things now something
that I do with my youtube videos is I
schedule when I record them I schedule
when I edit them and I don't really care
when I do it as long as Jolla's at work
one thing that I told myself that I
would do when I started doing these
YouTube videos is that I was not going
to let it interfere with my time with my
family and with Joel and so most of the
time I will I will get ready in the
morning with the kids and then I will
record during nap time and then Joel
doesn't get home until later in the
evenings on some nights and so I will
edit when I put the kids to bed and
before Jill gets home so that kind of
leads me to the third thing that you're
going to learn about me is that I am
very very very protective of mine in
Joel's time I'm protective of my family
time and I don't usually like a whole
lot of things to get in the way of my
family time and especially with Joel's
if I have appointments that I need to
schedule if I have playdates that I'm
gonna go do
if I have grocery shopping that I'm
gonna do unless I want to do them with
Joel or unless Joel wants to come with
me to whatever I'm doing I will schedule
all of that when Joel is at work so
that's just a little something about me
that maybe you guys didn't know or
realize but I am glad that I have the
chance to just sit here and do this
casually because today I'm going to take
a nap after this when I put the kids
down for a nap and then maybe we can
edit together later and enjoy the rest
of our day and have dinner and the house
cleaned up before Joel gets home tonight
and it really is important to me because
okay it really is important for me to
have things nice when Joel gets home
because he works long hard hours and
when he does get home I don't like to be
high-strung so that I can be someone
that Joel comes home to some of the I
can be someone that Joel comes home to
at least I'm not fighting at least I'm
happy that he's laughing I like to be
someone just a minute I like to be
someone I like to be someone for Joel so
when he comes home happened to me I can
be whatever you guys know what I'm
saying oh my gosh Boston no screaming oh
five stayin don't you hit Cody Boston
the only thing that I have to say as far
as my update goes this week is bloody
noses this morning
alone I had to muddy noses both sides of
my nose I don't know what it is I
actually have a doctor's appointment
tomorrow I'm gonna talk to him a little
bit about it I'm sure that it's fine I'm
sure that it's normal but I am at least
gonna bring it up to him and talk to him
about it because I've been getting them
so much lately Cody do you want to know
what size the baby is this week a mango
say mango yes Cody always likes to know
what size the baby is so the baby this
week is the size of a mango
so really the only thing for this week
has I've been a little extra tired
that's like I told y'all I feel like the
baby is doing a lot of growing because I
feel tired from the inside out and so
I'm assuming there's a lot of growth
going on and so I'm gonna try and get as
much rest as I can and just kind of take
it easy and try to keep my life a little
bit simple so that is all I have for
this week's update I hope that this was
okay I am kind of hoping that it will
piece together okay if it was fine and
you enjoyed it make sure to give it a
thumbs up to reassure me I hope you guys
are all having a good week I know a lot
of you have they're pregnant too so good
luck with your pregnancies and I'll see
you in my next video bye bye
oh I love you too
say bye can you say goodbye yes you're
eating your treat now bye
you
