good morning everybody happy Monday so
this morning we have Joel outside with
the little kids and let me tell you any
time Joel is outside working those kids
are with him whether they can be helpful
or not because let's get real they're
not helpful they're more just anyway but
it's nice tip for me it's nice to have
the kids outside and also Joel really
wants to make sure that the kids see
what work goes into putting up our new
swing set and it's cold out here
okay house counting the kids they're all
out there it's freezing outside today
but today we are going to get our swing
set set up we are going to get those two
trees planted on the trailer and that
doesn't sound like a lot but I think
that it's going to be much much more
work than even I realized so Joel loves
the idea of going out working for a few
hours and then coming in and having a
good breakfast and then we'll all go out
together and finish working for the day
and so I am making bacon for the first
time in my life are the only kind of
bacon the only kind of bacon I've ever
cooked is the microwave kind but we've
got some good bacon here so I'm cooking
it we have eggs and then I'm going to
make hashbrowns and we're just going to
enjoy a really good breakfast together
and then we are going to go out and get
the kids swingset put up for them
yeah are you fine - you know if you
can't even take your eyes off of it
if it
take his eyes off me
while city
Joe I am very impressed of how good you
did on the tractor
you've done it a lot though before yeah
spent years landscaping that's actually
that's what I was going to do for a
profession was landscape but due to the
bed back yes yeah I don't know I just
I'm not quite an entrepreneur I don't
have that fully in me but I like it
anyway so I landscape really long time
and pretty good to get hurt oh you okay
sorry I don't know if you can tell but
Cody's a natural he was so excited to do
that that's all he wanted to do was help
you we're at Lowe's and we're getting
cement to submit the holes of the swing
set in so it's nice and sturdy and I
think we're doing really good like I
mean I haven't done much I've just
basically been recording it even just
not anyways that's a spectator sport but
you done good good job okay go get
cement and I'm go get
are you gonna go to Grant's and right
now so you guys are going to go to
Grant's in place and and we're making
said we really have a long time ago we
used to have a steam box and we that's
what we only had in our backyard but now
we're building a new lighting in the
backyard
geez sweet that's all we have of the
sandbox and we had to get you guys
suckers because you were falling asleep
in the car
and I didn't want you to because I want
you to go home and take a full two-hour
nap huh
I am safe sucker no move you're selfish
I can hear you sucker okay just a minute
Cody say sucker 10k yeah
like see and I wasn't too bad
pivot
laughs come on
which depicts in there yeah casualty we
kind of assumed that was gonna happen
didn't we
friendly fire all right okay I know what
I'm doing
luckily luckily I guess we'll see
so pajama party kind of sad okay I don't
know how you're feeling
or at least I keep feeling really
worried about you I'm exhausted
I've been doing like little things like
if you need something I Ren get it but
I've mostly just been sitting here
because my feet my legs hurt but I
haven't even hardly done anything I mean
I've been he's been really good to want
me to sit you know um cuz I'm just not
really much help anyway but kind of rude
seriously this is kind of an all-day
thing huh
we've been out here all day what Oh
multiple dating what you think is gonna
take a multiple day I don't do you think
we'll get finished tonight let's plan
come heck or high water maybe high water
with the sprinklers
good as new yeah just like now oh yeah -
it's in your bucket well that looks
pretty good
my cutters are yeah I was hiding him
from Boston
Boston I like your hat
that's a cool hat what cold nice day
yeah this is a nice day yeah here we go
get your clothes on huh you've been
digging and digging yeah Wow Kara's just
making sure that you got your leather
gloves just like man good boy all right
go finish digging honey over there yeah
that's where he's been designated to dig
so he doesn't fill in your holes huh
what was my favorite part of today don't
you throw that in there um my favorite
part of today is going to be when I eat
dinner what's your favorite part I do
not know what wha
trying to do a funny face but I can't
you tired can't even do an awkward face
I'm sorry favorite part of today was
well last night going to bed thinking
about today really I know we thought
about it all night huh like a little kid
is it time to get up yet it's up that's
Oh Joe it's coming along okay so that's
the basic setup of the swing set and
they are in the holes we do not have
time well we don't want to make time
tonight to finish cementing in but we
got them dug and in place we got that
tree all the way done and we got that
tree all the way done we did good today
we're be aren't we you got my hoodie yes
don't get clawed hey I think we did
really good today a mouse in your pocket
we business
daddy watch this I'm watching okay Wow
how are ya well Joel thank you for your
hard work and putting up our swing set
for us nice and level and perfect well
you guys thank you so much for watching
this vlog if you enjoyed it give it a
thumbs up and we'll see you guys in our
next video right can you think apply can
you think of why you want me baby boy I
like you I don't care if you scream I
don't care if you scream I love you
anyway I'm having a really nice time
