good morning guys today I am going to be
doing my eyebrows for you and I just got
finished recording doing the eyebrows
and you can see my neck is so red
because I felt very nervous doing it for
you I've kind of been putting this video
off because when my eyebrows are always
different sometimes they're really
dramatic sometimes they're not I prefer
the look when they're not so dramatic
but it's so hard not to go overboard
there's a huge fad for filling in your
eyebrows and more times than not we all
of us women tend to go just a little
overboard with our eyebrows and I am the
most guilty of this it has taken me
years to figure out a nice way to do my
eyebrows I've always filled in my
eyebrows even in high school and I just
feel like I've kind of gotten the hang
of it I hope and I'm sure my routine is
going to change and if it does I'll make
sure to update you on that but I'm just
going to show you how I do them and if
you can pick up some pointers from there
excellent the first thing that I'm going
to do is comb my eyebrows up and outward
and as you can see there is more hair
down here I'm not going to follow this
hair down here because I don't want my
eyebrows that thick so I'm just gonna
start wherever I want my eyebrow and
ignore the hairs underneath and I'll
tweeze those when I'm done I always
start by drawing my bottom line in first
and then I start filling in my brow
and I worked my way to the top of my
eyebrow and then I fill in the top shape
of my eyebrow
once I get a general shape in I'll go
through and comb through my brow hairs
to help blend the color in with the
hairs and to make sure that there is no
buildup of color
I try to be really careful when I'm
filling in the inner part of my eyebrow
because I do not want it to be a boxy
look which I have done so many times so
I try to keep this a little more natural
in this area
now I'm ready to go in and tweeze any
stray hairs that there might be and I
never tweeze without having my eyebrows
filled in first because whether you
think you know where the hairs are
supposed to be going that is just a sure
way to take cares that you do not want
so I always make sure they're filled in
first you know I do not always do this
step but what I like to do is take any
type of concealer and a any type of
brush you feel comfortable doing this is
a teeny tiny brush that I'm using but
that's what I had for a while and that's
what I've gotten used to so that's what
I use but if I'm really wanting to crisp
up my eyebrow I will trace along the
bottom line and clean it up that way and
I always start in the center of my
eyebrow that way that's where the most
color is and I can fade off towards the
front of my brow and the tail of my brow
and what this also does is it helps you
to clean up any mistakes you may have
made
and to finish off the look I use
Anastasia Beverly Hills clear brow gel I
feel like it's a very strong formula you
can also find a Maybelline brand at
Walmart that is only a couple of bucks
that I feel does a really good job as
well so here you can see the finished
eye brow on one side and one eyebrow
that has not been touched and I feel
like it completely finishes off the look
for me if I get in real close on this
eyebrow you can see I've got all these
little hairs that like to stick straight
down and that's where they fall unless I
put gel in them but I don't I don't even
understand what is going on with those
eyebrows people do not have perfect
eyebrows but you can create the perfect
eyebrow what I've had to train myself to
do is to not trace where my natural
hairs are and I think that that's what a
lot of people do is they trace the
existing eyebrow and so instead of
creating a nice-looking eyebrow
they are enhancing what they don't like
about their eyebrows without even
realizing that that's what they're doing
so I just have to push the hairs aside
or go over them and really just draw
your eyebrow where you want them your
two eyebrows do not have to be exactly
the same it's okay if they're a little
bit different but what I try to focus on
is making them the same thickness a lot
of times I'll make one eye
way thicker than the others so that's
where I have an issue but remember
they're just sisters they're not twins
they can even be really close cousins if
you know what I mean if you have a lot
of hair in your eyebrows you're not
going to have to use as much product but
if you'll notice where I have sparse
eyebrows I have to use much more product
versus areas that have more hair I have
to use much less product if I use them
even amount of product through my whole
eyebrow you're gonna it's not going to
look as nice I did do a more in-depth
video on Ellie's channel with her on how
to achieve the shape of your eyebrow so
if you want to see more on how to get
that shape you can go ahead and click
the link down below to Ellie's channel
it is a very good eyebrow video as well
so here are my eyebrows all the way
finished and this is a full eyebrow this
is all the way arched on the top and the
bottom and etched out with concealer I
would never do this look if I was only
going to be wearing lipgloss and mascara
I would never do my eyebrows this done
because I would look like a man now I
would take these exact same steps just
much much much much lighter and I would
hardly come in on the inner part of my
eyebrow because a full eyebrow looks
good with a full face of makeup if
you're not going to be wearing a full
face of makeup you just need to be very
very simple and maybe just fill in just
the tail of your brow or maybe just
underneath but nothing on top you want
to keep it very simple if the rest of
your makeup is going to be very simple
I hope hope hope that this tutorial was
helpful in some type of way to all of
you women out there that are striving
for those perfect eyebrows if you have
any suggestions for me please leave them
down below and I would love
to read them thank you guys so much for
watching and supporting me in my videos
I love you guys so much have a really
good weekend and I'll see you guys in my
next video bye bye
I'm not sure if any of you guys have
ever heard of Sharpie eyebrows before
yeah neither have I
