I just wanted to make sure that the kids
Ambani knew I love them one last time
before I left so I brought them Krispy
Kremes good morning guys
it is a bright and early this morning I
am leaving the house because I'm just
saying good riddance to everybody I'm
just kidding me and my father-in-law
I've planned a four-wheeling trip down
to southern Utah and Bonnie and the kids
are gonna stay home and party and I'm
gonna go party the only thing I feel bad
about right now is as I was leaving the
house I get your Lincoln coughing I get
here Olivia coughing Boston coughing
they're all just a little bit under the
weather
so I feel bad leaving Bonnie with that
but Bonnie always tells me I've got to
go and do some things on my own
and so I just took advantage of this
weekend that was free and I'm going to
play your fingers are little what are
Boston's finer medium and what about
mommy's bigger than yours yours are
little looking and coughing his elbow
yep rained on your little bike you're
getting too big for that little bike are
you too big for that little bike oh
don't go out there you'll get your
jammies wet stay in the house admire
from afar
I made it dads and now it is time to
load up his truck put his machine on the
trailer and unload my truck
and you know you take that side camera
no I'm not spending my time on camera I
need to show you guys something but I'm
just worried you're gonna be a little
too jealous we came up with a new
invention and this invention is for
little boys that have really bad alleys
on their knees
these jammies they keep you warm but
they also give you the space and airflow
that you need and then the top also
keeps you warm so that was our new
invention and if you'd like to pick
yourself up a pair they will be
available on Bali brand calm soon keep
your eye out you two feet in there
thanks for driving us down here say yeah
now my job is to keep us safe on the
trail grandpa's not exactly known for
keeping all four wheels down
I've been following a trail book and
we're going to Gemini bridge right now
which is like a bridge you can go on top
of and hopefully on the way out we'll go
on top of it but the timeframe everybody
gave for the trails was like ours and
we're cruising through maybe maybe we're
not taking in the scenery enough or
maybe we're just breaking a law
somewhere we're almost done and speed
limits yeah
I'm bandit he's smokey and we're just
cruising through this thing a girl
mustache like Burt Reynolds not smokey
anymore huh he smoked smoldered he's
smolder TV trace go I think we've got a
little too short but that's okay
Boston requested a happy meal and I
thought gosh dang it if you want a happy
Mountain little good dry up a meal and
look color in your comic to bring Snoopy
to life I've brought these down so when
you're done eating you can have little
coloring session yeah you're not sure
what to do with your toy well dad's
usually the best one at this I'm sure
we'll be able to figure this out okay
wait wait hey grandpa the art the Arts
is over here we made it to the arch the
shadows are kind of playing with it
right now but it's 250 feet is what the
sign said but we made it
destination one done you can't quite
tell but there are two bridges right
here there's a hole down there and then
there's a hole between both of them
underneath that we were looking through
welcome to my casa this is where I will
be sleeping the rollout bed with my own
personal TV this is where Dad will be
sleeping the king-size bed with his own
personal TV and we all have a view of
the pool and the beautiful red rocks
outside we have been talking about
coming down the mall up for a really
really really really really long time
and finally I was just like let's do it
we got to do it I'm so happy we did it
it's incredible down here it's warm it's
like an oasis from the dreary winter
when we left this morning it was a
nothing but rain and hail and I wouldn't
be a bit surprised if we got a little
bit of snow it was nasty stinking
weather oh you were wondering what ride
is mine here that one that's the one
that Ferrari I'll just drive that all
over well we made it through the night
I withstood dad's serenading snoring all
night long i luckily went to bed first
so i wasn't too bad but when i woke up
in the middle of the night the chorus
was still singing strong not too bad not
like doug bad that was awful
that was awful but we're get a good
start in the morning gonna go hit some
trails and then go back to see our
fissure tunnel it is I do have
flashlights and a headlamp
I'm ready
well I think we made it to almost our
final destination we've gone 20 miles
almost they write 19 20 miles just a day
alone between yesterday today 50 miles
on the machine and that's a lot I mean
50 miles is not very far but on dirt
trails it's a lot and I was so cute
I sent Bonnie a text message this
morning just to say good morning this is
what she said she said good morning how
did you sleep I always hate sleeping
without you me too dad was a terrible
Spooner last night the whole time
oh what's this do you ask that's
Dramamine yeah I'm a grown adult and I
get carsick part of being a man is
admitting when you have a weakness I get
carsick all the time so tram I mean it
is taken my teeth mouse doesn't like the
taste it tastes awful because you got to
chew these up and it's awful we have our
rig all the way packed up we're back and
ready to head home to Roy
Utah then to Logan kind of nice
I've enjoyed it it's been a good day and
a good trip so far for stand let alone
hélène hmm Boni I got food for you
did you order some fire outs oh you look
like you just came from Moab I'm pretty
girl oh no no film it I brought you some
firehouse we're gonna close the block
here with the bag put the serape down
dolly I missed you you can't just put
the camera in my face and expect me to
talk baby thereby honey shower I did
he'd have like I'll inject you if you
and judge me so late we were just tired
like screw it we're gonna get dirty
tomorrow anyway I haven't really much
today I know that I want to but I just
you take it back because I am starving
we dead refused to pull over and stop we
didn't even say we just we just were
like let's just go let's just go we had
plenty of snacks now I want some food
and I'm sure he's eating food too so I'm
so sorry coming up and like getting like
wisely in the vlog I'm like too much too
much did you miss me they reminded me of
the good old days that's being like
engaged or something or no I've never
been going I've never got gonna trip
away from you but yes working nights and
stuff yeah and it was
because we had dinner the kids were like
playing the floor is lava so we had like
this was a tent we had a blanket over it
we had all these like pillows lining the
floor but I told the kids I was like dad
is gonna be home we want everything
clean and so we started in one area just
like I always did like nothing had
changed and we got everything put the
where it was supposed to be everyone
chipped in and helped I did the dishes
and wipe the floor while the kids brush
their teeth Cody got bought Lincoln's
diaper changed for him Cody totally I
mean I had to like redo it but like it
was the fact that he was trying the
first like there's only lenses so filthy
there's like sand all over in that oh my
gosh that's crazy well we're gonna end
the vlog here thank you guys for
watching I'm excited to see like what
footage you bought it's good yeah you're
such a creeper okay I know he's being
creepy being I may consume in the window
and I can just send some like creepiness
