good morning you guys it is the day
after Christmas it is too bad that I
don't have a before of my house in like
vision and in smellivision but this
morning we took a few minutes and we
picked up our house we cleaned it up
because it was such a disaster yesterday
we've edged and sat in our filth and
glory all day and it was wonderful we
still have our stuff in piles cuz
Grandma and Grandpa are gonna come and
see our pile looking him in his cowboy
boots and his most favorite Christmas
present ever yes we have talked about
safety and the rules of bajillion time
zone he knows the rules yeah this place
is a million times better than it was
yesterday the floors were insane so I
got uh I got showered I got the house
clean and now it is time to play with my
favorite Christmas present of the season
did you get this one for Christmas or
did Lincoln you can't remember this
one's yours okay this is so cute and so
fun and I just wanted to sit down and
well it kind of looks like Disneyland or
like a fair yeah we made this yesterday
with the kids on Christmas Day and I
wanted to do it again because it was so
monumental for me my brother grew up
doing Legos and I just never did like I
didn't like doing it cuz I didn't know
how and I swear I finally learned how to
just follow the instructions and it's so
easy it's fun because I'm teaching
Boston how to do it and I make him do
most of it okay so find me it says one
of these and one of these so find those
too okay thank you okay so put them
together okay okay Boston I want you to
find these pieces so you gotta have two
of them two of them one of these and one
of these so find the green and one more
of these okay
oh I found it
and one more we need to find the green
thing oh no that's not good
no I don't know if that's it I don't
know sweetie okay wait put together okay
so find these two and stick them right
here here oh let's see
Oh see how there's a little teeny tiny
space so one space there we go that's
why it wasn't going on okay good job
Cody Boston okay so help me find these
ones right here so we need one of these
Oh the toilet okay the toilet that's the
sink okay one square blue okay shut that
down it says put the toilet right in the
corner can you put no the sink put the
sink right in the corner now we need one
orange block I'll give it okay you help
us find the pieces okay no see it's a
short orange one and there's only one
space and super here no that's two
spaces there you go see did those so now
you need yep the soap in the toilet
paper here's the soap and where's the
toilet paper
that's right screaming what what look by
your foot is it by your foot I'm gonna
turn it over oh where is our jatha babe
everybody screwed that's our favorite
piece is it in the box oh are you
kidding me losing a LEGO pieces is
literally the worst
late and now white is so
he does have a camera like me Boston so
cute you guys gonna watch in hell
Lincoln you stay far far away she got to
get two of those
okay so put them on each end other end
put him on the other end put him on the
other end yep just like that put those
on the end no other side yep okay put
him on see how they have them on the end
of your tall sticks you know look you
got to put it the way the picture shows
other way see how the swoop is yep just
like that something that I'm learning
about Boston is that he is a very visual
person when I tell him things huh or
when I tell him things he doesn't get
the home he's been in the pictures he
gets it a lot better we're going to take
a short intermission I was waiting for
uncle Bo to get here honey do you like
these paw patrol toys you just found
yourself something you liked and made a
pile didn't you this is so fun I like
when you guys come to see me you guys
having fun it will be scared me because
I play the Beast
Oh iced in the cage and I'm the Beast
and your bell oh you guys are so cute
isn't it the best playing with your
cousin's Christmas toys I know I think
so too I can't believe how much better
you've gotten at that
that wasn't a very good landing yeah his
focused face I've never seen him focused
so much of his life put it right under
Olivia's hair she was walking around
with a towel on her head the other day I
told Joel to pick the movie and this is
what he put off well dad's gonna take a
nap while we watch the movie we used to
watch this every Christmas Eve we used
to after like six years I'm like nah no
please yes oh okay let's watch the
digital version
forgive me laughs come on with me
tonight
on a Christmas it's a lonely side the
cities in this town so , and take it
Christmas strong
me tonight
all right we are gonna push pause on the
intense Lego building I do have to take
a little bit of credit because I helped
Cody get all the pieces that he needed
slight Lego board flight Lego we're
gonna go over to at Ellie's house and
bring dinner and let the kids see what
you got day came over yesterday and
we're gonna go see what they thought you
wanted me to make sure to get that hey
Boston wanna go to Ellie's
yes we're at Ellie's house we came over
and have dinner at at least house and
then we took our kids home and put him
to bed and got a babysitter and you guys
post the best little parties were just
having a little party with our moment
yeah yes you get them no Karen thank you
Jared started a fire Jared Jared and
Joel and everyone else is in the hot tub
but we didn't bring you drunk
not a drunk sorry I Gotoh I was just
going to show you all of what we were
doing and now we're going out are you
getting it yeah I'm gonna go filming
outside thanks for hanging out with us
all day
mm-hmm love you love you too okay
getting out of the hot tub I kind of
look like a hot mess okay Joel's gonna
close the vlog because he's always
attractive boys always are whether they
have makeup on and I got air pods so
that makes me cool yay thanks my
president you're welcome
you'll see you guys mom bye guys
