alright guys today is Wednesday it is
halfway through the week we can make it
to the weekend right that's what I am
counting down for I cannot wait for this
weekend I don't really have anything
particular planned but I am excited for
the weekend the weekends are always fun
right I am 21 weeks this week I do not
feel any change between last week and
this week it's only been a week and
there's usually quite a bit that changes
but for this week I didn't really feel
anything new so for my 21 update I
thought I would do a maternity haul
because there are so many things that I
have gotten that I really wanted to
share with you because a lot of you will
ask you know where did you get this and
I always want to know where people get
their maternity clothes because I have a
really hard time finding cute maternity
clothes and I don't know why but
motherhood I swear they take a 40 year
old I made her like what would you like
to see in some maternity clothes but
they don't ask all of us 20 year olds 30
year olds how we want to wear clothes I
swear it's like hello me and Ella every
time we go in there were like who
designs his crap seriously like these
are Jennifer Lopez pants are you kidding
she would never be caught dead in pants
that fit like this mm-hmm so I wanted to
share with you just a few of my
favorites and let's just go ahead and
get started so I want to start with the
things that I have bought in from Target
and I got online and I looked up
maternity yoga pants I ain't the only
thing that I saw was like the flared
legs and I just I was so frustrated and
other ones that I did find they were
like 60 $70 and I thought well if that's
what we have to spend to get yoga pants
that are tight all the way down your leg
then that's what I'm gonna have to do
but I was going through Target and I
found these and anything that I buy has
to have the secret bellyfit I it drives
me nuts office it's below my belly or in
my mid belly you can pay me you couldn't
pay me it has to go
all the way up top and then I feel
comfortable so these probably you
probably don't really see a big like
there's nothing there nothing fancy with
these but they do have the secret
bellyfit up top and I thought the back
was so cute it has this like little
crisscross how cute is that that's the
back part of it so I paid $30 for these
and I feel like they are really nice
like they don't ball up in between the
legs when they wear they rub together
and so I feel like they're gonna hold up
good and I plan on wearing those like
right after I have the baby and like
maybe when I start working out I've
learned this dress from Target I think
in like my last five videos I swear but
it's just the most comfortable thing and
what I love about it is that you do not
have to layer you don't have to layer
something underneath like I'm not a huge
fan of layers either when I'm pregnant I
just I just can't I don't know I just
don't like so many layers so I went back
and I actually got the orange one too
and this next thing has to be my
favorite thing that I have gotten so far
and I'm sure you can tell because I wear
it in like every video it's just this
it's from Old Navy I think it was $30
and it's a tube top so I wear just a
little shirt underneath it but um it's
the most comfortable thing it's not
tight anywhere it's just loose if thin
material but it's not see-through I
don't want to have to wear anything
underneath because it's hot outside
I don't want layers this is my favorite
thing that I've bought and I was walking
through Old Navy after I bought it and
they actually have an on maternity dress
made out of this same material that I
really kind of want to buy for when I'm
not pregnant because the blue and pink
is my absolute favorite oh it's just so
pretty and the next place that I want to
talk about is pink blush Maternity I
shop there online at ink blush maternity
comm and they have so many cute clothes
I I think I've worn a lot of the stuff
in the videos I've warned
in one of the videos it is a maternity
shirt their clothing I think might run a
little bit small
like when I buy the mediums they're
pretty tight and so I would recommend
ordering a size up there's a few things
that I bought I think this has been
really fun for um the fall it's really
kind of big and it's knit and so it's
see-through but I like it because it's
just something light but it's not like a
heavy sweater so for the springtime it's
really windy and Logan I thought that
was really cute just to pair with like a
pair of jeans or something the last
article of clothing
I sent my sister's a picture of this and
they were all kind of like um it's okay
but I didn't care because I need
something to cover my face out in the
Sun and my neck and my chest and they I
just get burnt way too easy so I plan on
just you know hanging out in the shade
this summer while my kids play and I
thought this was really cute - uh I
don't know maybe it's not so cute I'm
sitting here looking at myself in the
monitor I don't know it's okay I think
it's really fun though I think it's okay
I'm just gonna decide that I like it and
if nobody else likes it well then boom
whoo I'm not going to be sunburned now
the very last item that I'm going to
include in my maternity haul is
something that Joel surprised me with he
actually opened up a package outside
when we were all doing yard work and
they said oh go put this in my room and
I said oh it is a part for your grill
and he said I know do you think I'm not
gonna look at it do you think I'm gonna
go put it in your room and not look at
it
I totally pate and Joel has heard me
talk about glam glow for a while now
it's very pricey and I don't think I
would have gone out and purchased it on
my own that he texts Ellie and wanted
and made sure that he was getting the
exact thing that I wanted and the little
sweetheart ordered this for me it's 18
oh it's $70 so it is
little pricey which is why I didn't buy
it myself but this is a moisturizing
mask that you put on your face and I
always put it on my face at night and
sleep through the night with it on my
face and I'm not kidding you when I tell
you this is the best thing that has ever
happened to me this is the best thing
that has ever happened to me
Joel told me as I was like getting my
clothes put together for this video he
was like oh don't forget your robe
because I asked I said what have I been
wearing a lot he's like your robe all
these new clothes and and all the makeup
that I have my favorite thing to wear
through the day is a naked face my hair
up in a bun like a frizzy nasty bun and
my rub that's my favorite thing I just
ah no tight lines no being careful with
your face I can smash my face into my
babies and it doesn't even matter
ah the life right mmm thank you guys so
much for watching today I will see you
next week for my 22 week update
you
thank you guys for watching I'll see you
next week on my thank you guys for
watching I'll see you next week for my
22 update thank you guys so much for
watching I will see you next Wednesday
for my 22 week update and I
