this is going to be a video on how John
I met why we fell in love and just kind
of our love story just kind of our life
story just a little bit it was 1998 Joel
and I had just graduated sixth grade we
were both going to be going into junior
high and we both lived in Roy we
probably lived what like Oh blocks away
from each other six blocks out of that
now I had seen Joel before because he
was my paperboy so I had seen him and
his brothers and his mom driving around
delivering newspapers and so I had only
seen him and it we both lived in Roy and
so Roy days was going on and so me and a
friend went to ride A's and I saw him
actually me and a friend went to Roy
days we saw you yeah I may have gone
with my brother and I may have ditched
him when I found Joel and Jamie Joel and
Jamie were really good friends and they
were try days together and I knew Jamie
and so we had gotten talking and somehow
we just started running around Roy days
together yeah yeah this the first second
I saw you I was like it was this girl
mmm
she's kind of cute never were you
learned like a black shirt with like
orange I think like a red stripe look
like a German flag really good anyway I
remember thinking that's cute all right
but we went to all the booths uh and I
don't know it's just funny Bonnie was
just so hyper yeah just off the well
just bouncing off the walls everything
we did she was just like kind of a spaz
about but I love that I was just blown
away by it and they were into this magic
booth which a little bit bad about but
this guy was a this is when I knew I
loved body though this guy was was like
showing us all these tricks and he was
so enthusiastic about his magic tricks
which I was actually kind of enjoying it
was a nice little show and then all you
had one of those like puppets that you
make it like bounce all over you you
know I don't know anyway Bonnie grabbed
it by the tail and slammed it against
the ground was like magic sucks and I
thought that was really rude and like
it's not nice and you don't treat people
like that but I think I like you the
only reason that I was acting so crazy
is because I was trying to make him
laugh and when I get uncomfortable
I say inappropriate things I do
inappropriate things I was just trying
to make him laugh and of course it
worked and we laugh about it to this day
because it was seriously inappropriate
and not okay to treat adults like
without respect but we look back and we
laugh at it a lot that was such a huge
day in our lives we sat under these big
huge pine trees at Sand Ridge Park and
we laughed and we talked and I didn't
want to leave Joel because I thought am
I ever gonna see him again like I really
do feel like there was like this
connection that day like we just knew
that we really did like each other and
of course like I didn't realize it as
much as Joel I I didn't see Bonnie the
rest the summer and there was only like
three four weeks of summer left but I
remember going to the day of
registration and as it was junior high
as a whole new school and all of these
new faces that I didn't know it's um I
did but I remember seeing Bonnie and
just thinking oh my gosh she's going to
the same school this is just just
completely twitterpated I mean just
blown away excited but as nervous as all
get-out like all I wanted to do is get
out of there because I was so nervous
and anxious but I wanted to keep seeing
Bonnie and we didn't talk but I think we
didn't talk very much in seventh grade
no not a ton the first year we didn't
really talk a ton but every time I saw
like I was always really nice to him and
friendly but I was nice and friendly
like that to all the boys and so I don't
know so in eighth grade Joel and I did a
play together we were both in Oklahoma
and I think that's kind of where like we
would go to practices on Saturday like
dress rehearsals and so we'd see each
other on the weekends a little bit and
and of course the whole time we like I
don't know like we both knew that we
liked each other but we both really
liked and talked to other people too so
it really wasn't like a thing but we
both always just kind of knew
oh yeah so we went through that play and
then ninth grade we were still well the
best part about the eighth grade play
though oklahoma's after every single
practice where there was a during the
week or after the weekend once I would
walk Bonnie across sandwich park at
least until our paths had to part ways
but that walk takes two minutes and we
made it last
I bet it took us an hour to stop yeah
we'd walk across and then we'd stand
there and we'd watch the cars go by and
then he'd walk his way and I'd walk my
way any time we went to any meetups we
walked home together and it was just our
time like those were really fun times
and that's really where we got to know
each other we laughed and I would tell
him when I was mad and I I bent it a lot
to John he was really good to listen he
was he's always been a really good
supporter so then there was ninth grade
it was kind of the same tenth grade when
we got to a high school I started dating
a senior and Joel did not like that what
why did the seniors date the freshman
sophomores I don't understand it
I understood parents didn't like it I
don't think anybody liked him but so we
kind of went our separate ways
so when we first got to tenth grade
there was a stomp oh if anyone knows me
I don't dance he certainly doesn't dance
and we went to this stomp and my friends
were like dancin finding boyfriends and
I was standing there awkward and I
remember that I felt so awkward that I
was like trying not to cry because I had
nobody wanted to dance with me and I was
just kind of by myself and the friend
that I went with was like hooking up
with somebody and and so Joel did you
see that I was sad or something well I
remember I was actually dancing with a
couple other girls or whatever um and I
remember see as I was dancing with him I
could see you starting to like back out
of the stomp and and start walking I
thought you're not walking home oh yeah
so we walked a man who's black it was so
don't really dark outside and I don't
know I just remember feeling like thank
you and we it made my night so much
better I remember
I'm home that night thinking Oh like he
walked me home that was so fun didn't do
me any good
yes it did not that year okay let me go
do so then the next year we had a class
together and we sat next to each other
in was English jr. that was genius sex
if it was mrs. a absent ha ha I gave her
I hate her to this day can't say that I
can say I can so we hadn't spoken to too
much and we were sitting next to each
other in 11th grade English and I think
one day Joe was like you want to go for
a drive instead of going to class let's
Slough that's a Utah word as sloughing
everybody else says ditch but no you
Slough class so we skipped class we went
and got a Jamba Juice and Joel neither
of us had our own car but his parents
let him take their brand-new pickup
didn't have it then you didn't have a
name no not we had the grip I remember
it was the green mercury sable I
remember that we didn't care as long as
it had will that we don't care this was
another significant day for me because I
kind of thought that um I don't know I
knew Bonnie would always be my friend
and good relationship and she was always
a cute girl that I knew I want at least
going to dance with sometime or just
hang out with but I kind of not
necessarily lost hope but just kind of
thought okay I think maybe we are going
separate ways whatever but we're still
good friends but anyway we went for this
Drive and I remember the details of it
we went up uh Ogden Canyon which is a
really kind of windy Canyon but it's a
really really nice road and what we were
having our Jamba Juice talking about
where I was telling I was telling him
all about my 10th grade boyfriend that I
had been dating I was telling him all
about the break-up and I was telling him
all about the summer and we were
basically just catching up and I
remember we I mean all we did was drive
to the end of the canyon turn around and
get back because we had to get back to
class we didn't even like it wasn't like
a flirty one it wasn't like a flirty no
trick that was like a oh hey old friend
like
let's reunite and we did and I remember
that day that day that day forward it
was me and Joel and we skipped as much
class as we possibly could without like
flagging without failing our classes
basically but one thing I will tell you
about Joel and I is we were really good
we didn't like know like we were really
good well how good worried oh yeah
Bonnie had to kiss me first cuz I just I
had to tell him to kiss me what grade
was that eleventh or twelfth mmm sounds
great
we were outside outside of his house no
when okay I didn't date til I live so I
didn't date until I was 16 and once I
did turn 16 my parents really didn't
like me dating singly like going steady
with somebody so I kind of had to have
dates in between so Joel would like he
made sure that that would happen and
when my mom kind of realized that it
just wasn't like happening she really
caught me she trusted Joel she liked
Joel but instead of or okay so he would
set up group dates my mom liked group
dates so we would send up group dates
and they would fall through people
didn't want to spend money and so my mom
just started sending Ellie on dates with
us she would send Julie yeah she would
send Julie on dates with us and so Joel
was paying for these us three girls to
go on dates but he didn't care because
he wanted to go on a date with me and so
I remember actually I remember sitting
in your driveway and you were one of our
group dates had fallen through and your
mom had kind of had it with group dates
not working she just those are the rules
that's trying that was a good thing
anyway she came out to my truck and she
said this can't happen anymore and I was
like oh so I had to have a third party
or whatnot and we'd have either my best
friend would be coming with us or one of
the little girls would come with ass
nets what that's what turned out to be
the easiest thing was I just tasters
Hallie and Julie with us and it was so
expensive go into the movie
go ahead dinner like anything you do oh
let's just go get a job which is just
like oh I'm buying four of these now
instead of but it did prove well with my
mom because she saw that Joel was
treating us all really well and that
went really far in my mom's book I think
yeah so Jared you got to remember I
dated Ellie okay
so back when I get back to the kiss
thing so we were at his place I think he
had ordered us Chinese or something we
had dinner at his parents place I think
even with his parents and we walked out
to the car for him to take me home and
we were standing there and I remember we
were kind of swaying you know and we
were gonna stay there and I was ready
for a kiss like I was like if he fluffin
doesn't kiss me I think I'm gonna punch
him this has been like seriously senior
year so all those years I guess our
senior year scared I'm just such a woman
again of that kind of stuff anyway so
before the country song came out I said
what did I say you're gonna kiss me or
not you gonna kiss me and mad dude and
he totally did I was like senior year
was really fun Bonnie and me and Bonnie
work were exclusive as much as possible
but still like in order to appease her
parents sorry mom and dad um she would
go on a couple other dates and so I
remember she went to dances with so I
never yeah I never went I went on dan I
went to dances with like his friends he
went to dances with other girls but like
the big dances we went together is
senior they call it senior cotillion but
that was a fun dance we went to we went
all out
oh lot of fun so senior year graduated
and Bonnie and I were both kind of uh I
don't know it was okay when we were
leaving high school we were sad I was
really sad because I knew it meant that
there's a chance because I knew Bonnie
was going to go off to up to Utah State
and and I was going to go on my mission
but I knew that there's a good chance
that I don't have control anymore
I can't influence anything anymore we
went for a walk one day we walked over
to an elementary and we were sitting up
on the like playground and I just
basically told him I was like I'm going
to Logan you're gonna go in your mission
and I told him I just said I'll see you
at Thanksgiving but don't call me don't
like don't call me like God we had to
just sever the ties so I get to Logan I
get to go I was going up to beauty
school and a week later I called y'all
on my long-distance card you had like a
car you'd have to buy your minutes cuz I
didn't have a phone back then and so I
called him I think crying and I was like
I missed you and I think that I had okay
I she had already had a boyfriend and
had broken up with him in that like a
week week and a half time so he brought
me flowers so he was gone for two years
on his mission I was at school and we
wrote pretty consistently unless I had
like a boyfriend at the time and then
like the letters would slow down it was
always consistent every other week I
mean I could count on it every other
week I knew I was getting a letter from
body and occasionally I would get more
than that and then Bonnie would send me
Christmas packages she really just took
good care of me I had been in the same
area for a long time and I was just I
was getting close to the end of my
mission down to the wire and I thought
I've only got a few more months to make
it and I had a boyfriend then really
really liked and she'll be she'll be
mine and there was like a six-week
letter drought that it was devastating I
seriously just started like well do I
just throw away the pictures I don't I
don't I don't know like I don't even
know and I just oh it was awful awful
awful awful and I got I remember I got
like two letters that day plus pictures
I felt mad and uh oh it was just sort of
unity and then I remember this is cute
when I was interviewing with my mission
president after or just at the end I
asked my goal Bonnie's gonna be at the
airport with me can I at least give her
a hug because there's a really strict
missionary female policy and he goes he
goes we yes you can give her a hug other
he told me that he kissed his wife he
kissed his wife she waited - he kissed
her at the airport
I thought oh I better not do that but
and I was too scared but he did kiss me
later that night after he had been
released oh yes now yeah okay and I
didn't even have to ask him oh oh and
then a week later he moved up to Logan
three days three days three days later
he moved up to Logan found an apartment
found a job and was working like crazy
and two weeks later we had a date set
and well we had a day set because I had
talked to Bonnie and she was like well I
just had to go and tell this other
boyfriend that that it's gonna work out
between me and you and so I told him
that we're done and I was like oh my
gosh I've got we got to get a date said
this is this is too iffy so we set a
date as soon as possible and we were
married three months after he got home
from his mission - like two and a half
two and a half months yeah I was home in
March and I we we were married by May
yeah and we lived in a very very very
very very small cheap studio apartment
and the thing is is we could have paid
for a more expensive apartment but I was
just like why why would we spend more if
we want to like get into a house and so
for two years we lived in a really tiny
apartment we both worked and then I got
pregnant with Olivia and then two months
after I had Olivia we moved into this
house right here and we've just been
slowly like trying to make it nicer Joel
has done a lot to the yard we've done a
lot to the inside and we're just slowly
when we have the money we just update it
and just try to make it the best we can
mm-hmm two years later we had Cody two
years later we had Boston and now we're
pregnant with a fourth Jake what do you
think about Jake I like it he likes me
Jake I don't know Jake so that is just
the G
Mists of our story there is so many
other stories but those will have to be
separate videos all on their own that is
basically how we met and our little
story and I think that's it if you think
Joel is cute make sure to give this
video a thumbs up and we will see you
guys in the next video bye bye a really
nice time
