I am 20 weeks pregnant this week I'm
half way you guys I am halfway there
dude having a baby and that is super
exciting but it is super sad to me I
don't know if I'm ready for this to be
over I mean I have a long ways to go and
I'm sure in 10 weeks I'm gonna be like
what did I say that for I am ready to be
done because I always am but thinking
that this is gonna be over soon just
makes me feel a little bit kind of sad
but anyway so earlier this week I was
putting off putting off recording this
update and yesterday I sat down I filmed
it I sat down to edit it and all my
footage was gone what the heck I don't
even know I had like the last five
minutes recorded I was so I was
seriously man I just I wasn't gonna do
it I was done and there wasn't gonna be
an update but Joel insisted that I
recorded one and so I'm glad that he did
I think I've said that almost every time
I swear I just get so tired this week I
have felt very ambitious to do things
because I feel like I can do everything
and then later that night it's like
mm-hmm
why did you do that my hips are mad at
me my feet are monami my hands and feet
I've been getting a little bit more
swollen and something that has been
starting to happen this week that I have
been terrified of is I get carpal tunnel
in my wrists when I get pregnant I never
have it but when I'm pregnant it for
some reason it flares up I don't know
and my hands go numb and eventually my
arms are gonna start going numb but
right now it's just kind of in my
fingertips like when I'm using my hands
my hands will go numb and it's kind of a
scary thing because it gets pretty
intense like I it gets very intense and
I I can't function like I can't use my
hands hurts and I'm just are they numb
but they hurt really bad and it just
sends shooting pains at my arm so right
now we're only doing points at the hands
and I'll keep you updated if it gets
worse it will so I'll let you know when
it gets worse I'm kind of scared for it
but we'll make it well we'll make it
through this but before I go on with the
rest of my
I really wanted to take us back to last
week when I found out the gender of the
baby so many people almost all the
comments revolved around thanks for
being honest you know I'm glad that you
showed your true feelings or it was like
how dare you be upset and I I can
definitely see both sides but for me as
the person holding the camera going to
this special event you know big event in
my life if I were to fake it if I were
to go in and just say oh yeah when I
wasn't feeling that way it would be like
I don't know it would be like faking my
way through my own life experiences do
you know what I mean and that's kind of
how I feel as i vlog it's like sometimes
I'll get comments like oh thanks for
being so real and I honestly truly don't
know exactly what at first they're
referring to because I just tried to be
me like I just try to be Who I am
because if I didn't I would be faking my
life like that was that's just so weird
to me anyway so I definitely whether
people agree with my reaction or not I
definitely have to stay true to myself
do you know what I mean but your guys's
comments weren't very uplifting and they
were very supportive saying you can feel
how you want to feel and thank you for
that reassurance because I do I want to
be able to react how I want to react and
it took a minute to sink in to settle in
the fact that I was having another boy
and now I'm like just fine with it it's
just great and I'm excited and so many
people said when you hold that baby it's
you're not gonna want a girl in your
hands because you have that boy and
that's so true I just can't wait to hold
that boy I am so excited to hold this
boy in my tummy that I am growing right
now that is the length of a banana I
think I think he's the length of a
banana right now but I will be very
excited to hold him so as far as my
sleeping habits have been they've just
been about the same
I've been falling asleep better which is
really nice I've been using lavender oil
and I've been rubbing it on my wrists at
night and I think that helps me fall
asleep
I just don't stay asleep so I wake up a
few times to go to the bathroom through
the night and then I'm just awake I'm up
and I've got two hours till the kids get
up I can't sleep can't sleep and then
the kids wake up and I'm exhausted
it's kind of a silly routine that I've
gotten myself into but I'm trying to
mentally get myself through it and
hopefully I'll be able to get into some
good sleeping habits and if I don't
that's just a side factor of having kids
I guess I've been noticing that my skin
has been getting much much more itchy
and so what I've been doing is taking
coconut oil and putting that in my bath
and it makes my skin it just covers your
body in this oil and it really kind of
helps take away that itch the last
pregnancies that I've been through I
used a lot of Vaseline I went through a
huge tub of Vaseline each pregnancy now
just lather myself in it because it
would take the itch away and it would
keep my skin really moisturized but I
find that the coconut oil kind of does
the same thing and it's a little less
messy and so that's kind of what I've
been trying this week and it's really
been helpful and the last major thing
that's gone on this week is I have been
feeling this little guy move around not
a ton just a little bit and I've been
waiting for it because I thought I've
usually thought him by now at this point
in the pregnancy and so when I did it
was just really really exciting and Joel
of course put his hands on my stomach
was and was trying to feel it too of
course I knew he wasn't gonna be able to
but it was fun just to kind of spend
that time with him and let him know that
I was feeling the baby move and he I
think that jaw has really been trying to
embrace this pregnancy too because I
don't know we just really want to enjoy
it if it's our last one then we really
want to just enjoy these moments which
is another reason that I'm so excited
that I have this chance to record and
document the the whole process as we go
it's been really fun and I think that
it's going to be something to look back
on and be really grateful that I have I
think that's
much it for this update basically the
biggest thing about this 20 week is that
I am halfway done and that still is like
blowing my mind as I'm sitting here
thinking about it but I wanted to tell
you guys thank you thank you thank you
especially for last week's comments the
comments through the whole time thanks
for following me and watching me make
sure to give the video a nice thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and I will definitely
see you in the next video bye
