today we're going to be doing the
whisper challenge we just got done doing
questions on Elias Channel and she
rocked it she rocked it on her channel
I'm gonna leave the link down below so
you can watch her half of the questions
and now I'm gonna be guessing what she
has to say and I'm a little nervous
because she was so good but we have
literally been practicing our entire
lives for this this this challenge was
made for us yeah it would be invented
the whisper challenge we just didn't
know was a thing until it really came
out that's true that's true we've been
doing this since we're 5 okay so I've
got a Taylor Swift here and I'm gonna be
blaring it into my eardrums and I'll
tell you if I can hear you yeah she is
she like rocks it and you won't want to
listen to you can barely hear even just
with these just on with no music I talk
softly yeah I got in here at him okay
Michael Jackson Michael Jackson I was
nervous I'm nervous okay I can see
Russia from my house I can see Racha
from my house love Russia run I can see
Russia from my house ready hey I know
we're really great I like to eat live
chickens I like to be like chicken you
guys are the ones that gave us these
questions and some of them are kind of
weird and just and just so they know
talk soft I mean talk about know so they
can hear you so like I can talk twice
per challenge why did you eat my
Cinnabon
I hope I hope this isn't lame to watch
oh good mother both our channels are
lame haha we're not kidding even we have
been practicing or enjoy oh I have to
say on my channel we never looked at
these no we don't know what the
questions I asked on Twitter but Jared
my husband is actually the one that sent
them individually to our phones so I've
never even read these nor has Bonnie and
I think this is hereditary because
Olivia and I I think let me push pause
I'm shy dear Howland there well I think
I had something to do with being in
trouble as a kid like when we were in a
church it was like we got trouble and it
was like I knew exactly what she was
saying
I read those lips and I told Ellie I
have a really bad habit when I'm talking
to someone I look at their mouth it's
like it's like I used to make it my goal
to read what people were saying across
otherworldly like said it this is like
weird
Sahra is really interesting actually is
Olivia Olivia
I whisper things to her from across the
room and that girl knows what I'm saying
that's funny okay let me turn around
hold on Kate two more I wish we had more
okay
no you have food in your teeth yeah and
I even said that quietly okay this I had
the heart a hard time with the last one
I feel like Bonnie may have a heart I
don't know what she's saying I look like
wait what I can't look at me when you're
talking to me elephants elephants don't
make good house pets elephants don't
some something fun I love this don't
make good house elephants don't make
your house pets
so you did this thing we did design is
amazing all of it that last one's kind
of hard yeah yeah that's fine a choke do
you think that it has anything to do
with our matching outfits
we're just how long we want to know what
I'll show you choose kids what Chinese
we used to assign us that we would walk
around the house with the grocery store
open grocer with our heads attached or
something attached then we will sing we
would sing come here we are Siam bees if
you please guys up we're good we're good
we're both shiny
we're like sight of your neck my neck is
sad well I know that's so funny when
it's not too bad who the funny your knee
yeah that was really fun thanks for like
doing I'm so I'm so glad we did it
sometimes were reluctant to do
challenges but that was really fun that
was fun okay so like I said I will have
Ellie's channel link down below go look
at hers they're great too
that was fun I'm pretty happy with how
that turned out sorry if I was boring or
lame I know cuz we're so good okay thank
you guys so much for watching we love
you this heart loves you see the next
video did you read our lips give this
video a thumbs up bye guys
hey guys no sorry I have a feeling
you're gonna have a harder time than I
did why ya know because I'm not as good
as ya know not ready
mmm that not okay forget it okay
it's a really lame that we wanted to be
twinsies we were walking through Target
and we saw this fun jewelry and we
thought oh look how can she do video
together so I'm up so I got purple and I
got whatever coral orange and then we
got the same maternity dress look I look
upward yes she is she is 2 months ahead
of me that's a big night guys the
outfits inspired the video not the other
way around
ha ha ha
