today is our very big day we are finding
out the gender of our baby and I not
gonna lie I almost don't want to find
out because I don't want to know okay
I'm team girl you're team teen girl to
that you are Kody do you want a girl or
a boy
a boy and you don't even know and of
course Olivia wants a girl so every time
there's these big important days well
one I go overboard on my makeup I just
do I get excited I put way too much on
so there's that I have in my head how I
want my day to go and I want it to be
perfect and I'm not gonna lie today was
not perfect Boston called in the tub
with his clothes on
Olivia normally gets off to school
really easily happily she was not a
happy camper Jill and I have not been
seeing eye-to-eye I swear the last two
weekends Joe and I have argued like the
big argues you know that's like kind of
hard to get over and last night we you
know the long talk that it takes to
finally get to the realization that you
just need to think about the other
person and things will get better
Joe and I we have this vicious cycle
that we do I feel like Joel is not
thinking about me enough Joel feels that
I am not thinking of him enough and
really what it just came down to was we
were both just burned out we were both
just so tired as the last night after a
good cry fest we both realize that we
still love each other
no we don't
but I don't know it was just
intimidating a little bit I was sad
because I was like I don't want to go to
this appointment if we're not on good
terms together see that see that now I
feel much better now that we're feeling
better you know I mean you know I mean
I'll remember so no the day did not go
as perfectly planned or as just how I
wanted it but it was my choice to make
the day good I chose not to get
flustered with the kids and when Boston
decided to take a bath with his jammies
on which PS that water was for me I was
drying me a bath and so he wasn't
getting out so we took a bath together
and I think that is when I really
decided in my mind because it was the
sweetest moment taking a bath with my
little baby before I have a new before I
have another baby and it really kind of
turned my day around just kind of I
don't know having a little bonding time
with my little Boston it was it was
pretty sweet so it's a good day I'm
excited and either way I don't care I'm
just excited to see my baby on the
monitor today hey I wanted to show you
I'm in support of teen girl and I wore a
Levi's shirt to be team in support of
teen boy as well so no thanks writer yes
how sweet a sass the heart right there
what do we think this one is I'd really
like it to be a girl because I've got a
girl and two boys huh so I really like
my girl to have a sister but um I'm
thinking that it's a boy just because oh
my gosh yes did you see it maybe mm-hmm
what if I'm right
it's a boy oh right there yeah I saw you
see that guns
that's fine it's really mine I just just
have to work at keeping her from being
spoiled yes is that posh you'll just
have to be my little just my little
tag-along your guests mm-hmm well have a
little troop of scouts I guess true
Pascal little pack how big of your baby
skin um I had a six pound a seven pound
and then an eight pound oh are you going
for night was he eight pounds Troy
pounds pounds some ounces like Boston
say Pam's eight ounces if he's still my
stone big kid yeah he's still my tank
this guy gonna be his rival right here
not right now but you can't tell this
early mm-hmm no we have new thought a
boy named hai truthfully it's just I
just knew like I knew that in a freeway
it was a boy yeah only because I wanted
a girl so bad I did it was it's
incredible how much I wanted it we
gambled bond I mean awesome no we still
won he's good to be a good boy mmm
same foot right now girls let me span
bottom over here huh huh huh this is
placenta right there that's crazy
she's like already cuddly mm-hmm sit up
so I can talk to you guess what
today we went to the doctor and we found
out if we're having a boy or a girl
what what do you hope it is and get out
you hope it's why do you want a girl cuz
I really wanna Lester are you gonna be
sad if it's a boy it's a boy
yeah what do you think of it I don't
like it that means you know what at
first I didn't really like it either but
the more and more I think about it I
think it's gonna be kind of fun yeah you
know what we can have fun right now yeah
good girl you gotta be a good girl we
can have fun yeah hi mom hi mommy
I was calling to tell you we had our
ultrasound today
oh my our ultrasound do you do you think
it's a boy or a girl a girl you know
what do you think Wow
you think it's a girl it's a boy you're
hoping it's a boy
oh I know me too
okay yeah it's okay funny is that weird
but I have three boys however it
controls how that's are perfect you're
having a boy I think Joel is that much
of a man that you're having a boy we're
having a boy
noooooo I like so fun you are you admit
the fun yeah the mama boys like a few
Olivia but it's like Olivia's your
oldest your girls you and Olivia are
gonna be best friends I knew you were
having a boy
hey mom how you doing all right so we
found out what we're having
what do you think what do you think it
is a girl that well I wish in its
another little boy she she was not very
happy without it oh I think it'll be fun
we'll have three little Eagle Scouts and
three missionaries and yeah my hi Julie
hi good I had my ultrasound today on 19
would even what do you thinking is it's
a boy I know right
no the second she turned on the monitor
I was like oh I see it I know who that's
funny
like we need good boys in this world
you probably stopped that you would
doing a job raising its voice because we
need McCoys no that is exactly Julie
does exactly what we were saying over
lunch hi Ruby hi good
I had my ultrasound today am i right
what it's a boy I know I thought for
sure - we're always wrong hi dad
this is your son it's Joel Oh Joel
Helene you know the youngest yeah I was
so tired
it was so tired but I'm calling yo um we
uh we went and got our Bonnie had her
ultrasound today to find out what we're
having what do you think it is that's
what I was thinking - it's enough hits a
little boy yeah what she wasn't happy at
first but I think she'll be happy I
think she'll be fine
mm-hmm I think so hi Bobo good we found
out what we were having today Joe Tom
we're having a boy
we're fine I mean at first we were like
a little surprised but the more we think
about it the more exciting it gets all
right you heard it we're having a boy I
seriously can't believe it um that's a
good thing it's a good thing well of
course it is I truthfully truthfully
once I realized it was a boy like there
is that initial oh but Joel said he
supports me a hundred percent in
spoiling Olivia so hey I'm happy that
does just fine else we're gonna do
okay dude thanks for watching we'll see
you guys later bye like Rihanna baby
it's a boy
