today I'm going to be doing a review on
morphe products specifically their
brushes and I am very excited to do this
video but the first thing that I have to
say is sometimes I get nervous to take
other youtubers advice on whether or not
to buy a certain product or not because
you don't know if they're just being
paid to say that or or whether you can
trust their opinion if they're just
saying it so let me just first tell you
that I have a mother that watches these
videos I have nieces housing estate
nephews but I have any nephews that
watch my makeup channels I have nieces I
have cousins I have aunts and my sisters
and so let me just say I would never
never never recommend a product to my
viewers if it was not something that I
would not tell my sisters to go buy so
this is going to be a very honest review
it's a good review I am so impressed
with them were fee brushes that I am
like well I just want to hurry I'm like
spit it all out for you I just I don't
want to do an intro I just want to like
show you the brushes I know this is
going to be beneficial to a lot of
people because so many people don't have
makeup brushes or they've had the main
makeup brushes that they got when they
were in high school and that was my
situation just a couple of years ago my
poor mom's brushes if you saw the makeup
haul that I did with her I'll put the
link down below she has two brushes and
she's like just fine and dandy with that
so I think I know it I'll be getting her
for Mother's Day smart but brushes are
important and I'll explain to you as we
go through the brushes why I feel like
they're so important so let's jump into
it I don't know how many times I've
looked at a picture or seen myself in a
vlog or my sister's vlog and I've turned
my face and I've got this nasty line
where I've put my contour and it isn't
blended it doesn't look good and I've
been so embarrassed and I think it's
because I just have that
a very good brush to do it with this is
the morphe m 402 brush and it looks
about like this
I've got like a stray hair coming up and
this brush is honestly such a good brush
you could you could do your blush with
it I like doing it a contour and it's
it's angled so I can do my contour up
here I find that this is a very helpful
brush I don't use it too I don't feel
like it's a very versatile brush but if
you're needing it specifically for those
areas I think it's a really nice brush
all of the brushes are soft I have
gotten very angry at times when I've
gone to do my makeup or I'm like trying
to blend and my bristles are like
stabbing my eyes my mom I used her blood
fresh smells like mom this is stabbing
my face I can't do this where where did
you get this brush you gave that to me
alone kind of I'm like because it's
terrible umm I do not know the longevity
of these morphe brushes I have used Mac
brushes they're amazing they are
expensive but they last you a lifetime
these brushes I truly feel like they are
gonna last me I don't know how long but
their price range is anywhere from like
five dollars to like twelve thirteen
dollars that is nothing for a brush you
can buy the knockoff cheap brands of
brushes at Ulta and they're still more
expensive than these morphe brushes are
and I've honestly been wanting to try
these brushes for a very very long time
and I'm so glad that I finally get the
chance to try them out because they're
worth it they're they're worth it let's
just move on to a couple of different
brushes the morphe m-46 - this brush I
have been using for my bronzer around my
face and I like it because it kind of
sits in the hollow of my cheek when I
want to bronze my cheek and go down the
sides of my neck which I probably could
have used a little more today look you
build
but that's why I like this one for and I
just feel like they hold their shape
really well and I've had these brushes
for a little bit and I've I haven't done
the review because I wanted to use them
and I wanted to wash them I can kind of
tell a good brush when I'm washing it
the way that it holds its shape after
you wash it I have done a video on how
to wash your brushes and I will put the
link for that video below if you want to
watch that if they have an NB 12 brush
and it's kind of this kind of this domed
brush and I feel like this one's really
good for like getting right underneath
your eyes for setting your eye powder
right here I like it because I like
highlighting down the center of my nose
and it has the perfect little tip I
don't have to pinch a brush and try to
do it it just works really well and more
importantly for underneath my eyes
something that I was needing was more
eye brushes and a lot of times I feel
like the brushes are just too big that
I'm working with and so it makes things
look a little sloppy and they have so
many little teeny precision brushes this
is the M 4:12 and what I love about this
one is that it kind of it's a fluffy
brush that comes to a point so when
you're wanting to do your crease but you
don't want it to blend all over the
place it fits just perfectly right in
that little corner if you do not have a
fluffy brush this is an MB 25 I feel
like if you're wanting to achieve a nice
eye makeup look you can't you have to
have a blending brush I don't do my
eyeshadow without doing a crease color
and I and if you don't have a blending
brush you're gonna get one I don't
remember the exact prices on these but
this is the MB 25 I'm not sure if I said
this already but this one I'm pretty
sure is one of my favorites this is the
NB 18 I've used pencil brushes in the
past to smoke out my bottom line and I
don't like that there's like it's more
of like a line I like it to just have a
shadow
to be a little more smokey so I have
tried bigger brushes but they've been
too big and they I look like a panda
when I'm done this is the perfect brush
this is the perfect brush it fits right
underneath my eye it's not too skinny
it's not too fat but you can see it's
just the perfect size for smoking out my
bottom lash line and I like it because
if I don't want a big crease or if I'm
just trying to do the outer corner you
can do just the outer corner right here
with this little brush and then take
another bigger fluffier brush and blend
it out but I'm that's one of my
favorites and the last eye brush that
I'm going to talk about is the m-43
three sometimes the fluffy brush is too
big and you can see it's a little more
flat it's not all the way flat but just
a little more flat and I like to take
and blend increases when the fluffy
brush is just gonna be too big it kind
of contains the color right in there or
just on the outer edge I think this is a
definite must as well my biggest concern
is a lot of times you get what you pay
for and I felt like I didn't want to try
the brushes because I just figured it's
a five dollar brush it's an eight dollar
brush it's going to not be worth
spending that money I may as well just
buy a nice one and not have to
repurchase it I will keep you updated on
how they hold up I'm hopeful though they
seem like they're gonna hold up well for
me you have seen me use on my channel a
morphe palette I have the 35b palette
and it looks like this they have a 35u
palette which I did my entire makeup
look using these shadows today I used
this brown one in my crease and then I
used these two colours right here those
two colors on my eyes today you can see
these palettes are very bright I do
think they have a more neutral palette
so you can either buy there
or you come by their individual
eyeshadow if they come like this in a
pan this is a makeup geek eyeshadow and
when they come loose in a pan like that
this is a Z palette it's magnetized so
you just stick them in and you have them
like this all in all I feel like morphe
is a super good product I feel like I'm
going to be very happy with the things
that I have from them if this video was
helpful to you make sure to give the
video a thumbs up so I know and leave me
a comment below if you've tried them if
you wanted to try them thank you guys so
much for watching we'll see you later
bye bye
