good morning I have a doctor's
appointment this morning which getting
up and getting ready for doctor
appointments or anything is very very
difficult I had to sit down several
times as I was getting ready because
it's just too tiring to shower dry your
hair get your makeup on get three kids
ready for school and well for school and
to come with you and so it's just been a
really busy morning and it's only 11:15
so I'm early cuz my appointments at
11:45 so we are ready and I'm pretty
proud of that because it's really hard
to have that energy to get yourself and
others ready so I am ready and this
morning I put on this necklace that Joel
got for me and if you guys want to see
him surprise me with it then I will link
that video down below because I'm sure
most of you haven't seen it Hey are you
boys ready to go yeah
are you ready Olivia you're gonna be
going nuts rule so you're gonna miss out
but at least you got to put on some
matching lipstick oh my gosh let's go
get your hair done oh my goodness okay
so maybe I forgot to do Olivia's hair
but I'm glad I just noticed the end the
kitchen oh my goodness well it kind of
was free this morning that Olivia and
the kids had to play and do whatever
they were gonna do while I was getting
ready so that will be this afternoon
while the kids are napping Who am I
kidding
I'm gonna nap with the kids and then
I'll clean it up when we all wake up for
my nap yeah you guys playing here for me
okay yep found something already sweet
Kate you wait here while I go wait for
my appointment Katie I love having just
a few minutes of quiet time you look at
the magazines while I wait for my
appointment it's heaven are you kidding
me
Boston you couldn't have wait to poop
like right before we left or right after
he came hold on hold on hmm the whole
office smells like whoo
I'm so excited I just scheduled my
ultrasound so I will be finding out what
I'm having in two weeks and I'm very
very very excited so I honestly cannot
wait to find out what I'm having I know
that I'm gonna do like some type of a
baby reveal but I just haven't quite
really even thought about it yeah I
think I've been trying not to think
about it because I really am just
seriously anxious anxious on a scale of
one to ten like at ten to find out what
I'm having so I just been trying not to
think about it cuz I want the girls so
mad I can hardly stand it but I know
that it's fine whichever way it goes but
anyway so I just made that appointment
and we are waiting for the doctor to
come in her family yes we are busting
you set on this chair like a stinking
champion where's your truck
oh it's behind you with one last fruit
step do you think people would die if I
let you have that fruit snack do you
think they would die if I let you eat
that get ready for the gasp you sat like
a champ if you want to watch my blanket
time video I'll put that link down below
to just what seriously he did amazing
today good job little baby boy oh and
there's the gasp he ate it I just got
back home from my 17 week doctor
appointment everything looked good
besides the scale I gained seven pounds
this month I also gained seven pounds
last month and so now that I'm feeling
better I am really going to I cannot
just stick with like healthy foods like
it's just it makes me too miserable I
know I'm gonna be better when I have
this baby but I really want to feel good
this summer and I'm not gonna feel good
this summer if I continue to gain too
much weight and so I want to at least
start walking on the treadmill I think I
think we'll see if I feel good I'm going
to if I don't feel good
I'm not going to but I'm gonna try my
best so after my doctor appointment I
went into a grocery store to go shopping
for some food and I saw this little
outfit and I had my I had the ultrasound
on my mind a little bit and I saw this
outfit and I know this is really
presumptuous but I saw this cute outfit
I bought it in a 12-month size so that
if I have a girl she can wear this next
summer and oh my gosh it was so cute so
I got it and if it's a boy then I'll
return it but I don't know it's it is a
little presumptuous and I do feel a
little silly but we'll see so to end
this very very casual update I'm going
to end with a bathroom belly shot so
this is my 17 week belly the baby is
about the size of an onion and there you
have it and in case anyone was wondering
I am already wearing maternity bottoms
and I cannot wear anything other than
the secret belly fit because I just like
the way it smooths out my stomach thank
you guys so much for always watching
these updates thank you so much for
every one of your comments I truly feel
the love and that love is headed
straight back at you guys so I will see
you in my next video I love you guys and
I guess I'll see you in my next video
bye okay I do not know if you're gonna
be able to see this or not so I'm gonna
zoom in and oh my gosh I could fill this
in the shower I'm gonna puff out my
double chin so you can see hopefully you
can see it gum right there
right there
the kind that you see out of like an old
grannies mole or something so ah can't
believe I haven't seen for this long but
we're gonna tweeze this bad boy busting
stop flushing that toilet
okay I'm gonna spam with my fingers was
from here to here look how long the hair
is it's huge
