you look like big hero 6 good morning
you guys good morning and happy big hero
6 this morning we all got up and had
pancakes and this is the leftovers
coming and now what are you doing never
going to well how come you're all in
your snow gear how come you're so
excited to go outside what's out there
just snow like crazy last night
wow you it's cold you guys might be
miserable out there I hope you're not ok
let's get our boots on guys hurry
oh it's called hurry ok you guys are
working nice and good did dad tell you
to do that or did you guys just want to
do it
Wow good for you guys
Boston how come you're not helping you
lazy little baby I'm just kidding I'm
just kidding
oops bonk box
good job guys keep working do you feel a
little guilty that we're not out there
with them ha ha ha you don't are you
gonna make me some pancakes yeah good
all right make them perfect I like them
little like I like a lot of little ones
like that's perfect
did you just say duh I'm gonna punch it
alright perfect pancakes every time so
excited but I I'm a huge sweets person
but I don't really like him with
chocolate chips you guys all like him
with chocolate chips uh-huh
shame whoa I just don't love him with
chocolate chips but we do like the short
stack so hop on I don't know if that
means that yeah like four pancakes in a
row no I don't like stacks
but I like one at a time or maybe two
but I like sex
Oh snowball yeah you know when I take
really personally you know I take
personally you already know balsamic
vinaigrette
every time Jill and I went somewhere we
would have balsamic vinaigrette and
thread and I thought that was something
that we were connected on that we loved
getting married he like hates this stuff
I don't even know who you are anymore
it'sit's well you could obviously tell
how much we use that well if you enjoyed
it I think we would enjoy it more
together this is my fault
I feel like I don't even know you I feel
like I feel like I'm getting blamed for
something I didn't do hey my pep talk
rule my pep talk really helped you're
working oh no no no no do not get into
dad smoker stuff okay Olivia hey hey
okay don't get into his pellets
here this is my very treasure nice
smoked Apple what a know you you turkey
mommy doesn't get hit nah you get smell
in here ya little Turks like a Boston
smile he's like yeah ya know get them
guys know someone's it boss like look
like yeah give it all up there and get
he's just gonna punch the glass yeah
Latoya oh okay tell him it's all much
nails yeah when I was a little kid like
poor kid I brought mine up all day and
when I was like wake up I put in my
mouth all day but do you do it anymore
no no that was a really hard habit for
you to break wasn't that easy
yeah yeah yeah and when I click your
nails what did you say
he saw all the little clippings coming
off of his leg onto my shirt and what do
you think those aren't yet like a shock
I'm clipping his nails
Edna clippings are flying on my shirt
he's like can I have those teeth on your
shirt my teeth sure yeah you can collect
those teeth on the shirt and pull their
pokey aren't they kind of gross yeah I
don't think it's gross though your
not gross okay all done you're a new man
i black jelly be like myself like big oh
you want some jelly bean one thought
you're being so good is it your turn
hey you daddy will get you some jelly
beans and I'm gonna cook your
fingernails canid your toenails should
we do that
yeah look he's ready he knows just what
we're doing let me just hand you my feet
hey hey I'm jelly yes well that was to
keep him quiet yeah yeah I do anyway
okay I'll get you something me a kiss
and I'll get you somewhere me kisses
thank you check himself out in the
mirror he was like well I'm good today
yeah okay really quick I am walking
outside we're getting all the kids in
the truck we're gonna we're gonna run
some errands and love and have pizza in
my teeth hoon um we're running some
errands and I walked out to the garage
and I saw this and I don't know well I
know exactly why it melted my heart
we've got little teeny work gloves and
look how like used they are Cody works
in these little gloves and then he has
daddy's gloves sitting on top of Daddy's
work boots so we've got Big Daddy's
rubber boots and then we've got the
little kids work boots and I don't know
that's so sweet to see don't you think
yeah good use of the labor oh that's so
funny ah growing up my parents worried
about if us kids were gonna be able to
know or know how to work and it's true
you're really worrying how do you teach
your kids how to work and I don't know
if we will I hope we will with a with a
dad like Joel they will know how to work
which is a good thing cuz I I know how
to work I'm just a little like just a
little lazy but anyway I just thought
that was so cute to walk out and see
does that taste good yeah Wow boy that
sounds like it tastes pretty good
no you're a cute little boy sit in there
what you dropping some and
you give it you get the rest of that
good ah I hope you're not sad when it's
all gone boohoo so we had a babysitter
lined up and so we were all ready we fed
the kids
SpaghettiOs got him off to bed read him
some books and we were so pumped and I
was in the middle of getting ready when
our babysitter text and said she
couldn't come over so we called
everybody we knew and nobody could be
said we were so excited because we were
gonna go to where whoo hot hot I have
been ever since we went to teppanyaki
with Ellie and Jared I have been wanting
that like type of food and we have a
place called the hoo-hah here is that
what kind of food is it ma ma no Liam
Mongolian yeah oh the noodles are so
good I've been craving it so when I have
to have this for dinner I'm excited
these are usually really good they're
blue cheese wedge salads and we picked
up a few what are these tilapia OOP cod
we picked up some cod fish sticks
yesterday sticks yes well we sample them
at a grocery store today was we ran into
a viewer that was really fun um but we
picked up the fish because we sampled it
there and it was really really good so
I'm not too thrilled about dinner but
it'll work yeah it'll be all right maybe
you can run find us a treat at the store
or something oh I'll find us a treat I
have think for Coldstone Oh
yes perfect okay I'm a little hoppier
enough okay cool go get ice cream yeah
like don't we still have that
yeah thanks Dennis yeah you got it from
work well sweet well we're gonna go get
our fish and salad and I think we'll
close the vlog it's not okay of you yeah
yeah I think so
yeah I think so this is our Friday night
we're gonna go sit in bed and eat our
dinner watch some some blacklist yes
where else we have we have the blacklist
and oh you have a Grey's Anatomy Oh
Grey's Anatomy
I have scandal to watch but I'll have to
wait till Joel's gone because he doesn't
watch that show so I'll just watch it
when he's gone okay well you guys we
will see you let's see when is our next
video Wednesday I post videos Monday
Wednesday and Friday so we will see I
will see you guys on Wednesday but Joel
they will see you on Friday Friday yeah
next right next Monday Thanks Monday
yeah first we have oh we have some we'll
have some fun stuff on the next vlog too
who will we yeah I don't spoil it okay I
think it's cool the co do things yeah it
is cool it is call so thank you guys so
much for watching I love reading all
your comments make sure to give these
videos a thumbs up if you enjoy them and
we'll see you next week kind of thumbs
up with that yeah
show me your thumbs up Bonnie doesn't
have a Hitchhiker's thumb
I'm diggin up rides all across a really
nice time
