you hear that people submerge fireplace
right there it is Christmas Eve we are
just getting home from church and we are
making the most glorious Christmas
dinner that we possibly can
we're trying we are trying Joel's doing
his mom stuffing for the first well
we've done it before and it was a
disaster so we're trying our hardest to
trying to figure out how to do this
right because it's amazing and I just
have to be able to be so we're trying
kids are ravaging the treat cupboard and
I am in the process of getting dinner
made hop down I think we've all had
enough trees to last us a year HUP down
HUP down HUP down up down I told the
kids they could do one of three things
they can either help me in the kitchen
they can watch a movie up here in the
family room because I want them with me
or they can play with the toys that they
got at the Christmas parties yesterday
everyone's waiting snow
wanna be riding my bike this time
tomorrow
the weather many we're going to meet
right hook in this guy I don't know
Joel the stuffing set up really well
it's just a matter of how it tastes now
does it taste like your grandma's Joel
thanks for your help Ilana you will like
it the kids have been waiting more than
patiently to open these presents but I'm
gonna make them wait just a few moments
longer because I just want to say a few
things before we get started with
opening all of our presents because that
is such an exciting part of Christmas is
opening our presents right yeah and I
know you guys know what's coming next
because we talk about it every year so I
want to tell you guys and it's okay if
these guys listen in on it I remember
having Christmases that were huge and we
got tons of awesome presents and that
was really fun I remember Christmases
when we only got just maybe just a
couple things it was a really small
humble Christmas and it was really fun
the feeling that we always had at
Christmas time was super special and I
know that my mom truly believes in
Christmas magic and I believe in
Christmas magic too and that Christmas
magic that magic is the feeling that you
feel and that feeling that you feel that
magic that we feel it's joy right it's
happiness that we feel today at church
we talked about this strong love that
Jesus has for us right and that's the
feeling that we feel we know what it's
like to feel loved by our mom and by our
dad and by our grandmas and grandpas and
what I want to tell to these guys that I
want you to hear also is that there's a
lot of people that don't have that some
kids they don't have moms to get to have
quiet time with them there are people
that do not live the most happy of lives
you kids know what it feels like to come
from a home that has just filled you
with love but there are some people that
don't come
from as maybe as nice of a home it's
sometimes not their fault
and sometimes it's choices that they've
made that's got him there but something
that I want them all to know is that
everybody can feel the love but very
Savior oh absolutely it's a choice that
we make personally and he will help us
make if we ask him no matter what stage
of life anyone is in wherever you are
whoever you're with we want to wish you
guys a Merry Christmas from our Holy
Family I am the luckiest mom in the
entire world who's ready to open their
presents who wants to open their
presents okay
you stinker I guess Lincoln's going
first thing can open your present
who's this friend Lincoln do you like it
I think he likes it Boston whose is this
friends this is from Olivia show him
what do you think that's cool
this is from Lincoln that me and Dad
helped pick out what is it I think I'm
just as excited for you to have that as
you are that's six hundred and twenty
days yes while he opens it yes okay now
who's this friend okay Olivia is opening
your present from you code did you
already know it was there did you
already get out of Cody that was a
really good surprise face I must say
good night you guys you have one chance
to sleep together if you do not go to
sleep I put you in different rooms good
night
got Santa's cookies we may have eaten
one or two I'm sure he won't mind
okay let's read maybe I wasn't worth it
we you're sitting here talking about how
this is our tenth Christmas together
eight of those have been with children
it's fun we usually use this time
because I get check-in time like how are
we doing for the year and how
we I don't know with each other are we
happy with each other like are we doing
so much to ask that we just have a
romantic falling asleep under the
Christmas tree romantic is hack
listening to Sarah McLachlan's a
winter's night with you and our kids are
downstairs thinking they're being sneaky
and they're flipping in big old trouble
now literally our kids just ruined it
they're so selfish
Santa's coming to them and they're so
selfish to intrude on their night
Christmas morning we'd focus 100% on the
kids and we found that Christmas Eve is
the best time for Bonnie and I to focus
on one another so we're gonna sit and
open our presents to each other and
enjoy each other's company
I could add again she was kind of funny
I want to record it but he he's very
insistent that we keep it just between
us and I think that that's really sweet
of him and so sorry guys you'll see him
later on come on
what did you hear I saw I could hear
outside and I feel like it was in his
home and I could put steps up there and
they knew you guys wouldn't be up it's
way too early to get up so how about
she coming here when it's time to excuse
me where's dad
what are you doing up here okay first go
into my room me and Boston finally got
our own thing to put our toys in but not
mine and buff I'll share it with Lincoln
is the cutest chair ever it has these
like little dogs on it before you crazy
animals go out there let's go get
Lincoln you guys these kids
let's just see if he knows which pile is
his why do you want to open that one
well you hold on one second yeah he
thinks that he has a BB gun I was like
well don't be too excited they all sneak
past me I was like just dad know you're
up here him in my arms and hold him to
like hold him down oh my gosh these kids
were animals last night oh my no you
guys are so excited whose chairs back oh
wow that's a really cute chair alright
okay I think Cody's about to die if he
doesn't open this all right go ahead
code why don't you just start with the
ones in front you don't even have a gun
I know if I say me in front of them they
might give me this
that is just a little bit smaller
you're just so quiet you just waiting
patiently for your turn
the the target Cody when did you grow up
these are two big grown up toys for you
is that a sign that you need to be out
of your crib Oh Santa Claus thinks that
he needs to not be in a crib anymore
I think so he does talk like a full
grown man that's for sure she would put
the blankie on you that's a pretty nice
blankie yours is gorgeous I'm dying to
know what's in it
you were Lincoln's age and you laid in
it and broke it the day you got it
yeah oh my heck just what you want yes a
stapler for you these are the coolest
things ever you like you push the button
push the button Lincoln do you remember
our version yeah do you like your chair
Boston that's the most gorgeous Lego
show I've ever seen how are we gonna be
able to tell whose is whose belt Boston
wait Helene did you see your name is on
your belt oh my gosh let me see
codeine one of this for Chad Clark his
last name a holy if all of you only have
one present left do you think we should
wait and save them for like later today
no okay go ahead
no Olivia's gonna go first
Wow come on you strong little boys oh my
gosh wow what is it what is it oh my
where are you gonna put that money I
think I need the entire world knows
okay go Boston let's see point it at it
Oh cha-cha-cha-cha
tool are you guys seeing this
that's amazing oh this is amazing still
in level two yeah so does it is that
yeah it's just it just goes up hard yeah
how does it steer then you just died
hold it away from your face do not push
the button Oh Olivia and I are going to
do an entire video dedicated to this
look it has light are the shades that
come down the windows open the windows
open I don't know who's more excited
Olivia or me don't walk in here don't
walk in here don't walk in here he has
locked himself in his room with all of
his paw patrol choice are you in heaven
yeah I know it is good job god I don't
even know how many hours
you've been awake and how long we've
been playing for we have played non-stop
I feel like a little kid and it's the
best I think maybe that's why Christmas
feels so magical because you get on the
floor you played with toys with the kids
all day long oh yeah they're on my team
good we're gonna close a block I don't
want June we just got all the kids teeth
brush we're gonna put the kids to bed
and Joel and I are gonna sit down to a
nice game of Nintendo and we're gonna
play all night long do I speak for
everyone when I say we've had the most
awesome Christmas ever
yes we've had the most awesome hey
everybody say Merry Christmas
well I'm for Christmas all the happy
smiles and the wishes and I wanted all
from the lights to the
