today we are just going to be doing a
very simple trim on Olivia's hair her
hair is parted down the center and no
tangles Olivia's hair is thin so I don't
need to part it into sections but if
your child's hair is thick then you can
part it and do it in sections and if you
are going to do it in sections you would
section off the bottom portion of her
hair and clip it up out of the way trim
the bottom section and then let the rest
of the hair down and trim the top
section as well but where her hair is
then we're just going to do
no sectioning this haircut is very
simple but you would be amazed at how
difficult it is to find a stylist that
can do a very straight across cut in the
back evenly I think the most important
tip is to have your child tilt their
chin down to their chest doing this is
going to make the bottom of the hair
those bottom hairs just a teeny bit
shorter than these top hairs that are
coming all the way from the top so when
she lifts her head straight it's all
even if she does not tilt her head
forward and you cut this then when she
tilts her hair forward her head forward
you're going to have the underneath
pieces longer and it will not look good
so Olivia I'm gonna have you tilt your
chin down and I'm going to start in the
center of her hair and I'm going to comb
it down and follow it with my fingers
pulling the hair tight holding the hair
tight with those two fingers I'm going
to cut straight across with my shears
and then I'm going to move over just a
little bit combing the hair straight
down from the scalp and I'm going to you
can see your guide right here you want
to hold your fingers straight it's easy
to hold it this way this
way but you really want to hold them
level so I'm going to start where I left
off and finish the cut with children
especially you need to remind them to
keep their chin down and to have their
bodies straight so Olivia keep your chin
down with the hair being pulled tight
I'm going to cut straight across I'm
going to pull all the hair from up front
I'm going to pull it straight back I can
still see my guide and I'm going to cut
straight across
pulling the side hair straight back
makes them just a little bit longer but
I like so this here when it falls in the
front is going to be a little bit longer
because I'm pulling it straight back it
has a longer way to go from the front to
the back but I like it that way and that
looks pretty good to me so we're going
to finish on the other side okay so we
want the we want this uncut side to
match this side so I'm going to start
back in the center where I did my first
cutting Cape chin down I'm going to do
the exact same thing coming from this
side combing from the scalp down holding
the hair tight with these two fingers
keeping this finger straight across
pulling that side hair back and you can
see it got a little bit long right here
this is my guide right here straight
across now to check your work and make
sure that the sides are even you want to
grab a piece from each side pull your
hands down and you can see I can feel
that this side is a little more long
than
side so I'm going to go back to my
original guide here in the center and
find where I started going along and you
can see right here is just a little
longer so I'm just going to trim to
match the middle and then work my way
back over to the side and you can see
here's my guide it's a little longer
here
now I'm going to measure each side again
and that feels much better and then I'm
going to go directly behind the ears and
grab a piece of hair and make sure this
that's even which I feel like it is
I like to have a little bit of layering
around her face and so I've taken a
center part and I'm going to park just
behind the ears and bring that hair
forward I've parted behind the ear on
this side and brought that hair forward
so I'm going to hold this section in
between these two fingers
I want the layering to start about here
under her chin so I'm going to angle my
scissors this way
and I'm just going to cut straight down
in little scissor motions now you don't
want to cut you don't want to take your
scissors and go back you really want to
go straight down otherwise your layering
is not going to look very nice I'm going
to hold this section in between my two
fingers like this I'm going to angle my
shears up and down and I'm just going to
open and close my shares as I work my
way to the bottom
and as you can see I'm not taking very
much hair at a time because there is not
a whole lot of hair on the sides of
people's heads and so you really don't
want to take too much you don't want to
give them a mullet just a little so that
is it for our basic hair trim thank you
guys so much for watching and we will
see you in our next video
yes pleasures wider make you con nervous
yes sorry Charlie
sorry Charlie do you think it's kind of
like what do I think it's kind of light
in here
yes okay like in the kini okay turn
where they turn every time of your night
you know crazy okay please more oh boy
I know I am baymax I'm your personal
like this no you can't do that you can't
do that okay look straight in the camera
like straight in the camera stood up
nice and tall there we go
