good morning everybody I am feeling
fantastic today it was so nice getting
ready not having to deal with a swollen
lip and a cold sore it's still there but
I covered it with some lipstick but I
think it is definitely on the mend and
thank you guys for all of your
recommendations on what to do with cold
sores because I know for next time
there's two things that I learned I'm
going to ice it and I mean ice it until
it is like not tingling anymore and then
the second thing I am gonna talk to my
dentist about lasering my cold sores
because that is how bad they get and
that is how often I get them so I am
going to talk to the dentist about that
I do take valtrex when I am not pregnant
but thank you guys for all of your
recommendations because they really do
help I'm very excited this week I am
going to be turning 16 weeks pregnant
and the baby is about the size of an
avocado and an avocado tini I was like
an avocado last week it was a lemon I
guess they're kind of the same size
maybe if you had a really large avocado
and a small lemon for last week but I
don't know I was like oh it's only that
baby over she was bigger sharing
Olivia's birth story with you is very
special to me because she was my first
she was my first everything and she's my
oldest and so it is really special to me
and I'm kind of excited to share with
you mostly because it's almost like I've
forgotten I had to go back and read
through my journals to remember the time
and the day or another day to remember
the time and the just the little details
about it that I really kind of forgot so
I was excited to go back through find
pictures and to share with you this
story Jill and I had been married for
about a year and a half when we got
pregnant with Olivia and she was planned
we were trying and it took several
months to get pregnant with her but I
think it was mostly because maybe we
didn't know I didn't know there was like
timing I didn't know there was a certain
time to get pregnant how I didn't know
that not really sure but we figured it
out and we got pregnant with Olivia and
her pregnancy I was not symptomatic of
then I ate and I ate it out out what was
at 125 I think I was 125 pounds and I
delivered at 184 pounds so I gained
quite a bit away and I retained a lot of
water weight I think I did pretty well
up until I got into a 30 week mark I
started getting really really really
itchy like more than normal and I was
developing a rash on my body and my
doctor wasn't quite paying attention to
me when I was telling him I really
wasn't pleased with my doctor and the
way he paid attention to me it was very
rushed all the time and I honestly felt
like his mind was somewhere else the
whole time so he didn't really do much
about it and one day joel came home and
i i had no clothes on I was sitting in a
rocking chair and I had artificial nails
on and I was just scraping at my body I
couldn't even take it I was bawling I
was hysterical and I said Joel I can't
take this I I cannot do this anymore I
mean I was in I was distraught so he
took me into the insta care and I
thought I had ringworm what looked like
it was all over my body I thought I had
ringworm and he told me that it was a
rash called pups it's a
pregnancy-induced rash that you get and
it doesn't go away until you actually
deliver the baby and so I called the
doctor and I told him that I'd gone to
the insta care and I actually had talked
to the nurse and I asked her if I could
come in early and I was like I need to
see my doctor and she said you'll have
to wait till your playmate next week and
I said I can't wait till my appointment
next week and she said then you go to
the ER I'm like but I've been to the
insta care and anyway I was I was not
happy with the way things turned out
with how I was being taken care of so I
went into my 39 week appointment the
next week and when I went in he was like
oh yeah he's like there is definite
stress on the baby because of this
because of the stress that you're going
through he's like let's let's deliver
you today and so in my
I remember thinking I have dishes in the
sink I have stuff that I have to get
done at work and he told me to go home
by a car seat because I had Vanya I know
I was like thinking and it's funny Joel
had come to every single appointment
with me during this pregnancy he would
go into work extra early so that he
could get off in time to come to the
appointments with me and that morning he
had gotten up at 4:30 he went into work
and he got all of his work done so he
was already stinking tired and I was
just really grateful that he was there I
think we both started crying because I
was just like I can't do this I cannot
do this and it was I don't know it was a
little crazy so we went into the
hospital and they got the IV started at
about 4:30 and all of my family showed
up around 7:00 I mean everybody on my
side of the family showed up and it was
really fun it was nice to have everybody
there and I remember my sister Ruby in
particular she was so excited for me and
I remember thinking why is she so
excited like I didn't understand why she
was so excited until my other sister
started having babies and it's because
you want your children to have cousins
to play with and you're excited to see
your sisters go through what you've gone
through and I don't know looking back I
remember telling her I'm like I'm sorry
I was not I wasn't aware I didn't know
why you were so excited but I do now
they were all there and I wasn't
progressing very well or very quickly
and every we were Joel and I were both
really tired so our family stayed till
about midnight and I it's funny I
remember something that Emily my sister
and I will never let me forget is I got
my epidural around 8 o'clock and I
remember I was very specific with the
doctor I said I don't want to be so numb
that I can't feel anything I said I
would like to be able to use my legs if
that's even possible and so he gave me
the absolute lowest dose of medication
and the epidural and when he did it he
he said crew up in a ball and I just
couldn't do it like my stomach I was
she was like I just couldn't do it so he
grabbed under my shoulders under my legs
and screws me up into a ball and I
remember so I yelled out I'm like holy
balls and my sister-in-law was out in
the hall and heard and she was just like
what's going on in there and she she
doesn't let me forget that but that was
a little crazy when they brought my
water they noticed that there was
meconium in the water which just means
that the baby had pooped inside and they
were they didn't want her to inhale that
and so they knew that when I delivered
that they would need to suction out her
lungs so my family all left except for
my mom and dad they stayed through the
night and I mostly kind of slept while I
kind of progressed through the night am
jealous slept by my side he was so cute
with me I just remember wanting to kiss
him I just remember one because I knew
it was just me and him before we had our
baby and so we really it really was a
special night through that night having
gel by my side and I just remember being
so excited to start our family
um so 7:00 in the morning rolls around
and I remember the nurse as I was
getting closer I remember hearing her on
the phone with the doctor and her
talking with the other nurses saying
that he was out with his family the
night before and I knew that he was out
with his family the night before and my
mom was asking can we get the doctor we
would like to see the doctor in here
she's getting close to a 10 she's gonna
be ready to push and he's not here and
we haven't seen him since yesterday
later in the evening and so we were
wondering where he was and why he wasn't
there and we knew because we kind of
knew him personally that he was getting
ready to go on vacation and I don't know
he just wasn't there so I finally got to
a 10 at 7 o'clock and I was ready to
push and the nurse told me and at this
point my mom was like you where is that
doctor like where is that doctor and I I
didn't know any better I
I would have been a little more vocal
because but I just didn't know any
better so I really was happy that my mom
was advocating for me and Joel because
we didn't know and the nurse told us we
would like to once you get to attend we
like the baby to rest and descend for an
hour um no I am NOT going to rest and
descend for an hour when my baby is
under stress and I have been in labor
for fifteen hours like no that's not
happening and so we were pretty upset
and it took an hour I pushed for one
hour so I start like I think another
nurse had me start pushing and it took
me one full hour of pushing before
Olivia was born and I remember we'd been
asking for the doctor for about two
hours and he walked in as the head was
coming out and he didn't even like wash
his hands or anything he came in he
threw on some gloves he didn't even have
a gown on he literally ran in the room
put his gloves on and caught the baby
and it really makes me upset to this day
kind of because every appointment that I
had with him I told him I said I don't
want to tear I don't want to tear I
would rather be cut you know have an
episiotomy um I would like if you could
because you know you hear some doctors
do the massaging and they help stretch
so that you don't tear well I had a
third-degree tear and it was not pretty
it was all the way to my bum hole and I
know that's a little graphic but it's
true and it was it was nasty it was bad
and so when Olivia was born she was born
at 8:01 a.m. she was 6 pounds 14 ounces
and 19 inches long and I was so happy
once that once she was here and the
doctor was stitching me up and they
never gave the baby right to me which I
knew that they needed to go suction her
but I didn't know what was going on
until the next morning when my mom told
me about it
but they took Olivia
and they had to stick a tube down her
throat and they suctioned out her lungs
and they had to do that three different
times and they couldn't get her heart
rate up and so my parents and Jill's
parents were out in the hall and I guess
my mother-in-law said that once they had
suctioned her lungs and they couldn't
quite get her breathing quite right they
couldn't get her heart rate up they
paged the respiratory nurse and she came
bailing down the hall throwing gloves on
as she was coming down and they were
working on her and they they did end up
giving her her heart rate back up which
was really good and she was raspy for
the next couple of days but she was just
fine and the rest of the hospital stay
was really great
I didn't nurse very well with Olivia I
nursed her for about four months and
like I said I didn't know any better the
nurse gave me a shield to use and settle
this will help and I wish I never would
have been introduced to the shield
because I think that I could have nursed
her longer and better if I didn't have
that we just enjoyed our hospital stay
together as a family Joel stayed with me
through the nights and I loved the
hospital some people hate it and they
can't wait to get out but we just really
enjoyed being there we watch movies we
just take naps together and I don't know
it was just a really enjoyable time so
that is my birth story of my little
Olivia I enjoyed the whole experience I
was very disappointed in my doctor and
since then I have switched and I have
had a new doctor and he delivered Cody
and Boston and he is working with me on
this new baby and he is also Ellie's
doctor and I think she really likes him
too we love him and I'm very excited for
you guys to meet him because he's a
really good doctor and he really cares
about his patients and I love him a lot
that is all I have for you today make
sure you give this video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I will talk to you
guys in my next video bye
