hey guys this week I am turning fifteen
weeks pregnant and I did not want to do
this video I convinced myself I wasn't
gonna do it and then my husband kind of
convinced me to do it and he just
thought it would be a good idea for me
to shower and get ready and but I didn't
want to do it because I've got this
miserable cold sore on my face and cold
sores are painful as you can tell I
can't really move my mouth that well so
this week has been really hard to eat
it's been hard to brush my teeth and it
looks well I don't know if it looks
worse or feels worse it feels terrible
the inside is really really raw and sore
and whenever I get cold sores I don't
know my gums get really puffy really red
and they recede and so on my teeth are
hurting my mouth feels swollen my lip is
swollen the swelling is going down and
now I'm just dealing with this like
scabs and stuff so I've tried to like
zoom out a little bit so I wasn't so
close to the camera and I will not be
letting you see it very closely because
it is repulsive but I'm really hoping
that it will get better I think the
biggest reason I'm upset that I had this
cold sore is because I cannot do a
beauty video there's just it's
impossible I can't smile I can't like no
it's just not happening and it makes me
sad because I actually feel better like
I'm feeling more energetic and so I feel
like okay most a really good beauty
video videos that I need to catch up on
like an eyebrow video and of one of me
and Joel we need to do how we met or
like a Q&A or something and I just feel
like I'm getting behind and it's it's a
fun thing for me to do and so I'm like
missing out on fun but I'm hoping that
it goes away quickly so Oh my skin is
naturally sensitive and being pregnant
it is just that much more sensitive I
cannot be in the Sun for a long time if
I don't have sunblock on and I mean by a
long time I mean ten minutes if I'm
outside for a while I have to have some
luck on because
it just i get burnt so quickly and my
skin lately has been showing signs of
being very sensitive what I can't shave
just normally because when I shave I get
razor burn and I never get razor burn I
never get razor burn but like I said I'm
just giving more sensitive and my cults
ours usually do not get this out of hand
I mean this is like mid lip to corner
lip this is it's a bad one and it
probably doesn't look bad too bad from
where you are but believe me when I tell
you it's bad and it hurts this week is
the first week that I have thrown up the
other day I woke up and I just started
throwing up it was the worst because of
my cold sore because I can't open my
mouth by fire without it cracking and
you know that it's just involuntary when
you're throwing up and I was just sicker
than a dog I was nauseous all day but
that was really the only episode that I
had I got feeling better I had a good
lunch my mom got me Cafe Rio for dinner
and I know we were feeling much much
better by the end of the night plus I
think just seeing your mom always helps
why is it that that helps so much I
don't know but it does it's mind-blowing
how your skin reacts differently to
certain things - makeup - lotions to
whatever razors it's just the human body
is just crazy it is amazing and it's a
miracle to me so even though I might be
complaining about feeling miserable I
know what the end result is and I know
that it's worth it and so this very
short period of time in my life that is
difficult to get through which I think
it is I think it's a really difficult
thing to get through mentally
emotionally physically but I know that
it's worth it I just have to tell myself
that and that is why I wanted to do the
video for myself is because I thought
you know this is only for a short time
and I want to look back and not remember
the bad times but just see the sacrifice
that I went through to get my BAE
these into this world and I think that's
the reason that we love our babies so
much is because you love who you serve
and you do serve your children and it is
a sacrifice and a service that women go
through to get babies here to create our
families and yes every little bit of it
is worth it and I very much appreciate
more so now than ever what my mom went
through to get us here and the more
babies I have the more I realized
because my mom had five babies and I'm
on number four and I it's just gotten
that much harder so I can't imagine how
her number five when I remember my dad
telling us that my mom could hardly walk
when she was pregnant with her fifth
baby and it just really goes to show you
that it is a true sacrifice but a
worthwhile one so I'm sorry I didn't
mean to get emotional on you but it's an
emotional thing getting a baby into this
world is hard no matter how or no matter
how it comes about my dad always tells
me there's no easy pregnancy whether
it's getting pregnant whether it's
staying pregnant whether it's the
pregnancy itself whether it's the
delivery whether it's the after delivery
there's just so many stages and so much
that goes into it that it really is a
big deal it's a big deal for our bodies
it's a big deal for people around us so
I'm grateful for the support that I have
surrounding me I'm grateful for the
opportunity that I have to be pregnant
and I my heart goes out to all of you as
you've shared your stories with me as
you're coming along this journey with me
and just know that I love you and I know
that's so weird to say because I don't
personally know you but I love this
journey I love making these videos and
hopefully I can be in a chipper mode
or chipper mood next week I know I will
be I love you guys and I will see you
next week bye bye
