we are at Bobo's house my brother Bo's
house and he is getting ready to have
surgery and Emily the wife the mommy
she's getting ready to have a baby and
so we called all we said is there
anything we can do to help you before
you guys before your lives were turned
upside down and he said yeah come dig
out my swing set so they bought this
swing set they got it for a super good
deal which was amazing and dad
for grandpa and Joel and uh Jared's on
his way and they are all going to get
this swing set put together and I think
these kids all the kids are just gonna
hang out in the yard they're just gonna
run around and play together so that's
what we're doing and I hope this little
guy becomes a little more happy okay but
we're not crawling on them until until
the swing sets put up right guys yep
Olivia you guys come on out of the way
hey could hardly space okay hey I don't
know if because you were nervous or
invited I did I'll bet you're excited
yeah
how many more weeks do you have not many
three and four one day lesson four oh
nice nice and those days count yeah
they stinking matter you got this donut
yeah well the kids are all the good ones
actually the pictures of the language
they're still fiddling it over there
Kate Oh Gilly I like oh yeah those
feelings are for me no no my date all
them I know you like yeah this one next
time bye
hey it's coming along over here okay
coming along are you spinning your wheel
can you show me spin the wheel
can you spin the wheel spin it Boston
can you spin the wheel spin spin spin oh
that's cool
yeah that's cool
have you guys had enough treats no I
don't have enough free are you cold
enough you like the Sun is going down
and cold we're cold dang it I'm freezing
but I think they're basically done Joel
you're free you're such a show-off try
to stay warm
Nicole it's working very well haha are
you guys facing this jacket yes it looks
very expensive and nice
someone must love you how expensive it
was we're free I didn't wear mine
honestly cuz you knew he was gonna wear
his hey it was a good birthday what was
it I don't know I think birthday maybe I
don't know everything we gonna like yes
what it was you always do he always does
what are you happy to be out of the cold
I know I know
we're at Ogden pizzeria weekend this is
a place that we came not much fun but we
came here several times when I was
younger
oh hi yeah okay okay perfect and I think
one of my favorite things or something
that's pretty iconic about the place is
their fish tank
you're looking at the fish yes look how
pretty is it yeah oh hey I can't see it
down in there I'm trying to give up
there yes I can feel it
look how cute these fish are they're
pretty glad I'm out
I like that they're colorful house
you know don't eat the quarrel know me
right for say pizza you know
me mother Olivia finds a friend
everywhere she goes
everywhere she goes and that is for me
little friend all right mom
show me what you got how long all right
I think I know what this drawer is
already going to look like but from what
I hear it's the little barren it's a
prison off on my maker house all right
no no right now go ahead and pull it out
then mom only likes just a couple of
things she doesn't like tons because she
just wants to use what she's got and I
want to fit in my drawer yeah she
doesn't want a hole grundle this is my
makeup okay okay I like those she's got
two brushes not a lot of this and that's
because you gave it to me yeah do you
use it and I do I did a little bronzer
mm-hmm and don't laugh okay this is just
about gone cane
oh you're gonna laugh at this one this
is a Kat Von D age how do you get your
cheeks with some color okay and I have
loved this I think that's a great thing
yeah but that's like a real summery
bands very summery she need funk so
that's all I've got
here you're gonna laugh at this too well
I used up the ones that I really like
the story I started to to experiment
with these others and I actually kind of
liked them hold good you need it so you
need to keep this and keep using these
ones but seriously I don't think people
ever go through palettes no I would
never use this no way way dark yeah but
this I love that cut kind of purply on
yeah okay well solve your pork and say
with the cream JoEllen did I start a
diesel isn't funny mom you're so cute
you girls gave me these
yeah and I did have this and I haven't
shown it away because I like the compact
and I really I would that you can see
that's my never used to that mm-hmm
these are like the antler anyway I like
I like Revlon lip stick really well
that's a I brought you a lipstick okay
oh that don't ever you and then of
course these well thinks this has been
it's too dark and you know it makes me
mad yeah that's gone but I like that I
still using the pencil yes of course I'm
down to a little tiny stub within my
okay so what we're first going to do
we're gonna make a list okay Thank You
Phyllis we're gonna make a list that's
the first thing we gotta do when you go
shopping make a list okay let's do it
let's do it into the pan hey how come
how come I didn't even have to ask to
sit in the front seen you just know to
get in the back because I got yelled at
too many times growing up no no we
always it's just an automatic thing
who's the oldest just pops up in the
front it's the pecking order yeah and I
think it's really I think it's nice well
I think it's nice because I'm in the
front seat but he was here you'd better
be was here I'd be hopping right in the
back
ha sissy oh this is fun it was a good
idea
oh yes yes you do yes you do alright are
you guys ready to see our haul that we
got mom today mom show us what you got
so we started a Sephora everybody got a
sample so I have plenty yes it's above
what is that is the eye cream
okay so of course we got the Anastasia
Beverly Hills brow is one of those let's
see NARS creamy concealer
I've got take this at Vox cuz you're
just okey yes the packaging on this
Tarte powder it is it really is cute as
an eye thrush would have been fun but I
do hate that is so cute honestly that is
a really cute container of that love so
face powder the Tarte one and I'll put
all this down in the description bar
below you gave me that yes and I've got
mama lipstick oh yeah oh this one's
pretty yeah yeah well show this guy will
show the blush I think you did good time
had a lot of fun it was fun
well now replenish all my old stuff yes
you have a nice clean little she's got
another cat line is that ready
that is your sweater month yes this is
the Kat Von D one and we must Kat Von D
because they're like they're pigmented
they're really good and just some just a
mascara and Latin luminous original
L'Oreal and we needed something to it
yeah you needed something to apply her
eyeshadow with so we got her it's a flat
synthetic brush so she'd have less
fallout and it's the mac 242 brush the
one that I've been using mm-hmm you gave
me in high school
ha ha ha that's when Irene high school
it was the via like I think it was like
a Clinique brush or something that I was
just like your mom I'm gonna get me some
new ones so is that what you got this is
really good a lot of goodies yeah I'm
good oh oh the tartlet the tartlet
eyeshadow palette that thing is sold out
everywhere it's because it's gorgeous
it's gonna be really pretty and right
now I have two different kinds of makeup
all over my face cuz we bet you can't
even tell Kennywood tell well fine the
starts are biting me yes yes I think
that's going to be it for today so I'll
see you guys
my next video by
