hi you guys today is my 14 week update
as you can probably tell by my voice I
do sound a little bit better I am
feeling much better I'm not a hundred
percent feeling better and I'm still a
little bit hoarse in my throat but I am
feeling much much better last night was
the first night that I was actually able
to breathe with my mouth closed and that
was a phenomenal feeling last week I
mentioned that I wasn't sleeping very
good and it is just progressively
getting worse and a lot of you mentioned
that you get sleep insomnia when you're
pregnant and I really do think that
that's what I have I just it's just a
thing where I'm just not sleeping and I
really do want to try and some oils I'm
not really sure who or where to get them
so I'm going to research that but I'm
going to get me some oils to maybe help
me calm and sleep a little bit better so
hopefully those will work but that's why
I'm gonna try now I say that this is my
14 week update I am right now I'm
thirteen and a half weeks and so when I
do the updates the week that I give you
my 14 week update is the week that I'll
be turning 14 weeks and so this week my
baby will be the size of a lemon and
that is so exciting to me I told my kids
because they've been telling everybody
my mom's baby's the size of my
fingernail because that's about the size
of it was when I told him and I was
happy to update them and let him knows
the size of a lemon and I'm like oh
that's so cute like that's so cute it's
always interesting to me to hear other
people's symptoms or what they might be
craving I swear with my first pregnancy
I wasn't very symptomatic I didn't crave
a whole lot I didn't have that many
symptoms but as each pregnancy I've had
the symptoms get more and more intense
and I feel like with this pregnancy
I am very symptomatic something that has
been consistent with all my pregnancies
though is I need Cafe Rio in my life
it's as simple as that I have to have it
like the thought of it right now I just
want it so bad um I just it just tastes
really good to me it's really filling
but that's kind of what I've been
craving I just love Mexican food and
that's kind of what's been sounding good
which is funny because a while ago I
told you all I wanted was like Italian
food and that tasted really good for a
while too but I'm moving on to Mexican
food and I'm really enjoying the stage
that I'm in now something that we need
to address I think in every video that I
have done I'm not even in those videos
ran on random posts of mine on Instagram
people are like where's the baby bump
why are you showing pictures of your
baby bump and you know I at first I just
thought you know I'm just gonna do what
I want and I don't need to show baby
bump pictures because I don't want to I
don't feel comfortable doing it and then
I was watching a few other pregnancy
updates and when they would show their
bellies I watched this one that went
from like you know six weeks all the way
up until their 40 week and it was the
sweetest little montage and I just
thought you know what her body's not
perfect and she looks beautiful in those
pictures and do I care what other people
look like do I care if pregnant women
still have their love handles no cuz
that's not what I'm looking at I'm just
thinking oh you have a baby inside of
you and it's always really sweet and so
I did have to have that realize in my
own head because it's always easy for me
to see it for other people I always see
the best in other people and I always
see the beauty and other people even
when they might not be that pretty or
like their bodies might not be that
perfect and in my mind I just thought I
don't want to show them my pregnant body
because I'm not a stick figure with a
really cute little baby but that's just
not me I feel like my whole body is
above and so I didn't really feel
comfortable doing it and I even tried
last week I tried tried I tried last
week yeah maybe I'll insert the clips
here or maybe I'll put them at the end
I'll tell you what wait till the end the
bloopers which you guys can't get enough
of those oh my gosh I think I've deleted
way too many bloopers because you guys
leave those things up but I will save
those for the end I
I did and I was just like okay now this
is not gonna this is not working so I
did not put those in but I will all add
them for you and I will show you a belly
shot today even though I did it's a I
don't know I will show you a belly shot
today even though I am feeling a little
self-conscious I'm just gonna be brave
and I'm gonna do it for me because I
didn't really take a whole lot of belly
shots with my other babies because I
felt like well what difference does it
make I didn't start with a flat stomach
so it's not gonna be that big of a
difference you know and so something
else I was a little worried about as I
started showing so soon I started
showing before I even knew I was
pregnant and I just I don't know why
that embarrassed me like people will be
like oh how far along are you and I'm
embarrassed to tell them I'm only 14
weeks which really 14 weeks I find out
what I'm having in four weeks and that's
really exciting so I'm going to really
try my hardest to just be happy with how
I am and something with me is the minute
I get pregnant I just start retaining
water I can already feel it in my face
and I need feel it because when I smile
I feel like I've got this like huge face
that's just like trying to squeeze into
smile I know it's not that bad yet but
it's gonna get there but I'm just gonna
try my best to really enjoy it and that
was the advice that everyone gave me and
I thought you know everyone is right
let's just enjoy this I mean my arms my
poor sweater I'm like you're gonna get
on these arms you stretch out you get on
these off I might not be able to wear
when I lose the weight so nothing not
much has changed I really debated doing
weekly updates because I thought what
the heck am I gonna say but yeah I don't
know stuff changes a little bit but what
I want to do next week is I want to do
Olivia's birth story and then maybe in a
couple weeks I'm going to do Cody's
birth story for two reasons I think it's
really interesting for people to compare
the differences in the at least of birth
stories and maybe I'll give you a tiny
history of the pregnancy but for the
reason I would like to document it for
my sake because I was trying to think of
how it went the other day and I thought
I can hardly even remember or I get
mixed up and I or I can remember the
time that they were delivered and so I
would really like to do those for you if
you would like to see them make sure you
leave a comment down below and I'll make
sure to get those videos done for you
alright guys I'm gonna be brave here's
my belly so this is me at 14 weeks and I
know that maybe I'm showing a little bit
more too sooner because I have had so
many babies and I know that uterus is
just not as strong as it used to be so
this is me and my little babe in here
and we will see you guys in our next
video bye not really sure how I feel
about the belly shots you will never get
a bear belly
baby shot but I'll show you what I got
today you want to see what I have today
I'll show you what I have today alright
who you want to see my belly shot this
is a shirt that I'm wearing today I look
like I'm about 5 months pregnant no
that's just a 13-week she's a he or she
is just making room for whatever I don't
know and people like the shirt I
couldn't find anything that fit can you
guys give me a break oh my gosh move a
half a centimeter not 5 inches at a time
yeah symptoms that they marinate may
earn a high yeah I'm quitting do you
guys want to see my baby daddy say hi
baby daddy he handsome
that
