happy Monday everybody I am looking
forward to a really good week I hope
this week is good I think it will be and
I think this is going to help me have a
really good week my my mom was telling
me that she hasn't seen this English
girl for a while the kind was like the
vine or whatever that is like the stick
of licorice and then the other kind
whatever I don't know the only thing
this one's missing is the kind the
little red short ones that you rip apart
it has like little four short pieces on
it that's the only difference in this
bag this bag licorice is going to get me
to Saturday and Saturday is Valentine's
Day and Valentine's Day I have a hot
date and I couldn't be more excited and
I'm excited because I'm gonna get myself
ready because it's been a while so I'm
excited
hmm Olivia can you tell daddy what we're
getting ready for for my school what
yeah but why come here school okay we're
in your church clothes to school she is
having her manners party and she's also
having her Valentine's party today it
was so crazy I went to the store for the
first time and bought Valentines and I
think I was more excited than Olivia
West I'm putting together these
Valentines no no that was always just
something so fun don't you think Joel oh
yeah oh yeah what was your favorite box
you ever made for school Thursday again
well my favorite Valentine box you made
for school um it was the one year that
my oldest brother Jeff helped me build a
jukebox
that literally would play the Chicago CD
it was amazing it was so cool and there
was like a turntable on top and
everything it was amazing I don't know
if Jeff remembers that but it was it was
pretty cool I'm sure he remembers yes
can you make that jealous I think
beautiful Jeff for that I think when you
get older Olivia probably made boxes but
I think this year you're just gonna have
like a baggie or something in her class
I don't know other than but but she's
pretty excited and she said
she said mom I get to wear lipstick
today just scribble is that okay
and she said the messy red comb huh the
messy red guy apparently it's hard to
keep on your lips and yes it really is
sorry for trying red lipstick let's see
I came here so no silly me I mean I got
yelled at because when she said red
lipstick I assumed she meant red but
what she really meant was pink so we got
her hooked up with some pink came it oh
oh do a slow twirl let me see the back
here oh so pretty turn around
daddy what do you think do you think
she's ready for Valentine's party I
think she is too
are you excited okay your ticket no I
lost my thing Oh what are you Joe do you
know what I like to eat for dinner
Turtles
oh my gosh I love teachers you else I
like to do Turtles I like to jump and
kick him no you push her he is just a
slight bite oh my gosh didn't did you
oh you know that's what turtles do cody
show me what a turtle does climb down
like this get out of the way honey oh
okay wait a minute I thought turtles
were fast they eat elephants
no they they eat grass
can you spank daddy's bun no code Boston
can you spank daddy's bum he's physics
I don't know probably cartilage all
called you got to be nice to daddy don't
do that that's not nice I know yeah turn
up it probably didn't hurt cuz of a
shell though huh yeah dad Gavin hi
Turtles can't give rides their legs so
start strong enough I know what you do
in Boston hi hi I swear you guys are
gonna get sick of me hearing this
because I'm pretty sure I say it all the
time
but I am so grateful for a good husband
I tell Joel all the time I'm just
sitting in here sitting because I'm like
nauseous and I just look out the window
and he's just pushing my little babes
around in their wagon and I don't know I
don't want to make it seem like he's
like perfect or I'm perfect because we
all have our like whatever's Jules not a
perfect man I'm not a perfect woman but
Joel is the perfect dad that is like one
thing I can say Joel is the perfect dad
and I kind of document that not as like
I look at my husband he's so perfect but
I document it for my sake and for my
kids sake when they get older just so
they can see the way their dad
interacted with him and I think he does
it as a servant I think he does as a
service to me Joel loves me and he wants
to help me out by taking the kids off my
hands for him five minutes and it just
he's just so cute about it he's just
pull the kids around in the stroller my
mom was telling me the other day I was
on the phone with my mom just a second
sweetie come here I was on the phone
with my mom the other day and she said I
don't know if I'm bias or not but I love
watching your kids law
she's like they're just the best and she
said I wish I wish that I had this kind
of stuff when I was younger and I told
her I do too I wish that I could see cuz
I know the strong feelings of absolute
love that I have for my parents and I
wish I could have seen them interact
daily with us with me a little too so I
am I'm grateful for these vlogs I think
honey it's not quite time yet I'll let
you know she's so excited to go to
school um I was I think oh but I am
really grateful for these blocks for my
history's sake even if that was the only
thing but even better I get to share
with all of you guys and you guys are
amazing
you guys are like really great
how come you're not helping mister so I
thought okay see you people pause hey
des
Olivia that's pretty good you're pretty
strong hey whose idea was this did you
do that you did please don't crunch
Boston the toe is really fun hey how
much I just called to say I love you I
just I just daddy
good morning it's Valentine's and I
cannot wait to turn this into a hot date
for you um buddy
you're already hot man hey I got it yo
Joe went and got us some Dunkin Donuts
for Valentine's breakfast yes well we
just got a Dunkin donut we just barely
got a Junkin donuts we'll see if they're
good oh those are so cute oh yes gonna
see I know I'm just I want the heart
ones I'm sure that was
oh it's you are you doing here in your
own house I thought you and mom and dad
so cute Oh jiminy what's up girlfriend
hey guys I like your socks hey thank you
you're just waiting on mom and dad and
then we are finally gonna go to dinner I
did you messy lunch No uh-huh
don't we have any electron here and I'm
like famished I have ready to go out and
have it oh yeah Oh dinner sounds so good
yes
so John's gonna go pick up the
babysitter and Jackson's gonna sleep
here oh we hope he's gonna sleep we hope
everyone's gonna sleep are you guys
gonna go to bed when the babysitter
tells you grandma's your code oh you
guys look so Valentines II did mom take
your guns away why did I take him away
you naughty yeah shoot somebody I gotta
pee in the bed oh and guess what the
very first night that I took his gun
away
he didn't pee the bed so he got one of
them back oh yeah I know I was like uh
yeah it's your truth like I always
wanted four-wheelers growing up and it
was just it wasn't my family's
it wasn't financially feasible but I
always wanted to poor weather so mowing
the lawns as silly as it sounds was like
the closest thing I could get to a poor
pillar have an engine housing the rod
and the smell well yeah so when he was
mowing the lawns he was like he was
plenty he was pushing a motor that was
new business turf Taymor's yeah a lot of
brownie points for me did it
and it bought brownies for me it aimed a
lot of turf was it as good as I made it
sound wonderful to you see girl is it
look at my belly about 15 good yeah
thank you
yes well I'm glad you guys came up thank
you for coming up this was a lot of fun
fun Valentine's date yeah doll Oh every
time I think every single time that we
have a Vulcan Jackson up we crack up
because he's the poor thing
we just wake him up and send him home
and I feel so bad every time he's so
cute he's good he's a trooper about it
though I'm coming over again he isn't
sure he's so disoriented ooh that's look
low okay hey Joel I think we have
company that's what we do to make room
for Jackson when he comes over um I'll
just leave her to say thank you guys for
watching the vlog we had such a fun
night and I try to capture like what
we're doing when we're doing it but is
really hard but she's like okay um we
had a really kind of an intense night it
was super fun to have my parents come up
it was nice heaven in jail so keep it
don't really ever with you're talking
about have a good start to your week and
we'll see you guys in our next video bye
hi really nice time
Oh
night-night Tiki night Tinkerbell
