hey guys welcome to my 13 week update as
you can hear in my voice I have a cold
and it's really hoarse and just kind of
a sore throat I've been doing a lot of
mouth breathing which makes me feel like
a complete animal but I can't breathe
through my nose and so I breathe through
my mouth and yeah it feels pretty nasty
so the beginning of this week started
out pretty good and then on Saturday I
did my one of my absolute favourite ants
hair my ant bus came up with my parents
and we did her hair we talked and we
really enjoyed each other's company and
then they took us to tandoori oven which
is an Indian restaurant but it's like in
a gas station and I would never eat
there but they've taken us there before
and it's actually really really good and
it tasted extremely good to me you know
being pregnant at all they sent me home
with the leftovers but I wanted enough
for me and Joel and so I went back and I
made another order of the same stuff
that was a mistake oh heavens that was a
mistake so we brought the food home and
as I was eating and I thought you know
this is probably a lot of Indian food I
probably should stop here but it was
just so tasty and so I kept eating and
12:30 I woke up with tandoori revenge
that did not did not sit well with me
and I was up literally the entire night
I was so sick I had the worst cramps and
it was making me so nauseous and at this
point I didn't really feel like I had a
cold it was just like I was a little bit
stuffy but I felt pretty fine and I
think it was a combination of the lack
of sleep that being sick but the next
morning I didn't get up I mean I
couldn't get up I was so sick I felt
like I had been hit by a train and I
haven't gotten off my butt since Sunday
morning and like I haven't hardly
brushed my teeth I think I brushed my
teeth once in that timeframe no lie you
guys I feel like I said earlier I feel
like an animal I've just felt so tired
to even get out of my robe I have I have
spent the last 3-4 days in my robe and
I've loved it to be honest I mean I felt
like crap but like I just I'm not
getting up I'm not getting ready I
forced myself to wash my hair this
morning it's been over a week since I
washed my hair and I just just feel too
tired to do it so really the only
symptoms that I've been having is
basically the same not much has changed
they've just intensified I had been
nauseous I have had a cold I don't sleep
at night last night I didn't go to sleep
I just laid there in my misery and I
don't even I don't understand how I'm
just not sleeping I was in a mental
thing is it oh I wonder really what it
is but I'm just not sleeping so for this
week's beauty video that I usually put
up on Friday I really wanted to put up
the high school sweetheart tag with my
husband Joel but I just don't think I
can do it I just getting myself ready
for today's video was pretty intense it
was really hard and I just don't think
I'm gonna be able to this week and I
really wanted to have it for Valentine's
Day because I thought it would be really
cute so I'll definitely have that up
next week so for this Friday you'll just
have to look for an Instagram picture I
guess so that is about it for this
week's baby update I hope that I am in
better spirits for next week's video and
I will definitely see you in Monday's
vlog and until then I hope you guys have
a really really great weekend hope you
have something fun planned for
Valentine's Day and even if you don't
get yourself dressed up make yourself
some dinner
and call your mom and tell her you love
her
you guys are amazing and I'll see you in
the next video bye bye this this
situation that I have going on and this
this is what I'm talking about
yeah what do you thinking man what do
you smell my you oh I feel like I'm just
I just don't feel I'm good like I'm just
trying to like you know how when you
brush your teeth and you just feel that
nauseous feeling it was just like okay
keep it together keep it together and
I'm just trying so hard to get myself
ready but I feel like I'm like okay look
at this babe I don't know exactly what
I'm gonna do and I just don't feel like
putting the makeup on my face but I know
that if I get ready I'll feel a little
bit better and I sound a million times
better after taking a shower brushing my
teeth bye you guys I'm dying so know how
much I love you because because I'm
gonna get myself ready and I'm gonna
record an update dang it he was I really
don't worry
as today is my 13th this way we get 12
13 okay
her her name is my mmm I feel like a hob
I feel like a wild boar wait a minute is
a wild boar a pig - time I had to take
that brought out anyway
