I can hear all the kids giving up and I
can hear Cody on the monitor he's coming
hi guy we will turn the light on
oh good job come here
well Boston's away we gotta hurry
hey how did just how did you sleep
dad you didn't I peed in my underwear
cuz Cody are you kidding oh you've been
doing so good yeah yeah and the ladies
and I can't get dressed well you can did
you get dressed but I listen I was under
my blanket and put on me so I get to go
through the stairs and can't lie close
to the bathroom oh gee what we're gonna
do what we are gonna go wash your sheets
and cut your hair and give you a bath
cuz you every one of the treat like goes
around woods I'll tell you what I'll
give you a treat if you're happy while I
cut your hair okay I don't don't take
forever I love it I know what we got to
who got to it so so messy and guess what
Grandma and Grandpa are gonna come in a
couple of days and we want to show them
how handsome your hair can be Oh
all right let's go get Boston all right
code read you your hair okay climb up on
the counter you're gonna help me clean
the bathroom when we're done huh yeah
hmm I'm not good I know you're not gonna
yeah why cuz I finical strap my gun cuz
I'm gonna hide him with a blanket okay
my favorite Cody who are you hiding them
from Boston okay you want to hold the
camera
what okay you hold the camera and all do
your hair okay okay did you cry during
your haircut yeah uh yes you did
did you cry a lot during your day I'll
tell you what you pointed in the camera
like this see how you can see us in the
mirror yeah okay hold on
two hands point it up a little yeah
perfect see and also I don't really I
really did stuff like I instruct my goes
from my baby brother plastic I don't
speak up so we can hear you and I also
play with stuff and kind of stuff you
like to put up with my airplane and my
guys that's right yeah
I really did no and you like getting
your hair cut
oh okay I think then I didn't do as good
a job today as I normally do yeah and
well short
yeah like and I also religions you do
yeah
can I let's grab Kayla no okay we're
gonna get the bathroom cleaned up and
we're going to get Olivia off to school
and that's basically what we do every
day huh and they want to go to this
strange oh I don't know if we're gonna
go get a treat or not today something
that you're not going to see in the vlog
today but that happens every day maybe
you'll see it is lots of whining huh
turn it on
like a newborn foals Kayla and I was
gonna train like yeah that's the kind of
talking that that whiny just which is
typical three-year-old high code yeah
like we're working on it we're working
on it huh
wanna go cuz it okay to wine no for so
I'm trying but I'm trying to not do it I
wanna go to coda enjoying get up to
paint change for a let me edit a pink
treat for you and Olivia it's awfully
nice to do the share I won't go there
right now
well then how you ask please for the
nice face look at Olivia Olivia spinning
Cody come spin and see if you spin hey
no screaming guys away from the
treadmill whoa
Boston clover here in stroke spin spin
spin spin spin spin big baby sing go go
go go go go he will make himself so
dizzy whoa whoa are you getting dizzy
code
so every day
Olivia goes to school we put Boston down
for a nap and then it's just kind of
quiet time and depending on what we're
doing that day
sometimes Cody will take a nap most of
the time he doesn't not because he won't
but because if I let him he will be up
all night and I would much rather him
just have a little bit of quiet time
during the day and then go right to
sleep at night at bedtime a lot of times
what we'll do is cuddle up in this old
rocking chair or go up and get in my bed
and I let him watch a movie and I will
lay with him and I will take a little
snooze err or let's just rest my eyes
and be with Cody while he watches the
movie and if he falls asleep great and
if he doesn't then he doesn't and that's
fine too
huh and also Mike yeah I was drying
eating this girl murdered Emily and yep
he's gonna have candy hearts during the
movie am i short is also broken kids
watching keep chipping
pigma okay I have a few questions for
you though hi who are you gonna marry
when you get older you you want to marry
me why do you want to marry me cut Hey
here you got married the baby I don't
know who do you think will marry the
baby not me I guess who's gonna marry
daddy Oh loving up I know marry you and
blow me away okay sounds good
a b11 Hey
we may have already opened up your
package a la mamma Kerrigan dad she was
show daddy what it is here sup on camera
grandma Kerrigan sent us these you know
what see them hmm
and I'll give him a free okay you show
me show them the card first
sorry hey they got a little broken oh
yeah is your grandma Carrigan's cookies
they're my favorite sugar cookies ever
guess what Dad I read the card oh happy
Valentine's Day grandma caregivers like
huge like tria heart on the Alden amber
let's wait and that's actually yeah Cody
I just remembered do you want to show
them the science project that you and
Dad did just for fun my flat hey bring
it over here Joel this was all Joel's
idea and Cody this occupied him for like
two three days like this look at him
he's so excited okay let Cody put it
together
all right code Wow you put the bomb on
put it all together code yeah well you
gotta have you gotta have a battery and
then what then you gotta put what what
are those Wow magnets you what are they
they're mad dates all right maggots -
new version of magnets okay
notice it's a Duracell and dad's spun
you some copper
is the battery dead no I think that's
upside down Cody turtles switch it
around oh there we go
hey what is that Cody ah it's a simple
motor yes
simple order want me that yeah a hard
one you want to do the hard one okay I
didn't for when you touch it but if it
goes long enough it gets hot doesn't it
think it's warm huh yeah it's hard one's
gonna leave it buggered up it may not
work very well well let's just kept
bending and I kept telling you I'm like
stop bending it it smells good fast you
look it going can you hear it it's just
the copper bumping the magnet put the
other one on do you know what I don't
get hey is you are scared of them you
don't like the moon looking in on you so
we have to put blocks up in your window
so you don't see the moon at night yeah
but you insist on having these guys
stare at you he likes these guys sitting
right here looking at Cody don't you I
don't like them doing that tonight
neither right there
you want him okay you like him right
here
and you want your chair scooted in yes a
Boston cream climb up Oh curtain pop
Boston we can mess up my bed where's the
morning and we can play out there and
wake him miki-san a big one
Bonnie house but little right now what
was your favorite part about today
my favorite part was the cookies look
hiss yeah we ate grandma Carrigan's
cookies yeah because she don't like them
did you like playing outside with Daddy
and helping him yeah
did you like then did you like playing
outside with your soccer ball what's
your favorite guy go get my gun kids
into bullet shop huh well oh he has to
fix that bullet all right
lay down hey um I love your gut makeups
you can live with me and I can talk well
so I saw you walking away with you yeah
and talk about your favorite part you
know a little oh you're gonna do the
talking okay but first do you think we
should tell on why you have a pink
pillow mm-hmm because it's your favorite
one I don't know where my brother is
he hates the bigger pillows and he likes
this one cuz it's little like his size
but we need to find you
maybe I'll recover it like a blue one
because this is Olivia's old pillow and
it's the only like little toddler pillar
we have so yeah but I don't know warm
everyone knows yeah do you know what I
need a big hug good night yeah a big one
a good one oh that's a good one and all
right let me see those big beautiful
lips no bigger thing hmm now let's see a
pocket I do see my puckers I saw your
puckers what else do you like to see in
mouths now Willie at movie I don't see
blue
viens is you uvula uvula all right I'm
injecting open your mouth wide I see it
oh so big it was huge you have a huge
lluvia I see the risk no I don't I will
see you I'll show you later
okay I love your guts good it's a pretty
typical day for us how Cody we like to
just hang out watch TV and not do a
whole whole lot yeah that's our life
that's what we do
yeah but little elit a palpable those
are the coolest jammies yeah got your
sheets all clean did they smell good
okay
well that about wraps up our day that is
a typical day in the life of little Cody
man and we hope you guys have a really
good night I hope Cody goes to bed good
and we will see you guys in our next
video bye Hey
yes that was scripted
