hi guys today I'm doing a video that is
a little bit different I have never done
empties video and I find these videos
extremely helpful so I have been saving
my empties and now that I have enough to
do a video that's what I'm gonna do
today
my very first empty is vana cream now
when my mom went to her dermatologist he
recommended vanna cream my sister is a
registered nurse and she always used
this stuff at the hospital I'm not sure
exactly where all it's sold but where I
purchased this is that the pharmacy you
do not need a prescription for it but
that is where it's sold this comes in a
lotion and a cream form I like the cream
form and this is just a big tub but I go
through it it's really good for
sensitive skin which is perfect for me
but it's also perfect for my babies I do
not find Johnson & Johnson's baby lotion
to be moisturizing at all it smells
amazing but it doesn't monster eyes and
I find that irritates dry skin and this
has been a lifesaver for my baby's dry
skin and for my dry skin next up I have
my face wash I use the purity made
simple one-step facial cleanser I like
this because it is not very drying a lot
of face washes will just suck everything
out of your skin
but this doesn't it really leaves the
moisture on your face but it takes away
the grime and the makeup and all that so
I feel like it does a really good job
and it has helped my skin look much much
better okay this next product I'm not
kidding you when I tell you some
products work really good some products
work okay this product works amazing
this is very good stuff I just happened
to find it when I was in Sephora and
it's called the ho I don't know if I'm
saying this right serum midden
I call it serum midden I think that's
what it's called it is it's a liquid and
that's all it says it's just liquid and
what I think it it there's not even like
an explanation of really what this is
but it's a skin barrier protective line
helps make the skin healthier
formulated for sensitive skin it's
basically a serum and serums tend to go
deeper into the skin than moisturizers
do so I use a serum on my face before I
use a moisturizer it took me many years
to figure out that my skin personally
needs a serum and this by dr. jart is a
really really good one that I feel like
works really well I'm on my second
bottle my second bottle is about halfway
empty now and and when I did notice when
I stopped using it my face
Ted like I could see the scales a little
bit more you know that sounds terrible
but I'm not kidding you when I tell you
I have really dry skin so this is good
for sensitive dry skin all right what
else do I got in here so I'll just go
with the face moisturizer next because I
use the serum and then I use a face
cream and I'm going to show you two
right now I was using the Clinique
dramatically different moisturizing
lotion and I liked this for several
years I use this for several years and
it is a really good product I like it
there's not very many Clinique products
that I like I do not like their makeup I
don't feel like it is very good quality
and I still feel like it's a little bit
expensive but I do like the lotion I use
this for a really long time I just kind
of just really it just really wasn't
cutting it for me anymore
and I found this Mario Badescu skincare
this is the aah AAA and ceramide
moisturizer now I have used two
different types of this on the side that
has skin type listed and this is for
sensitive oily skin the one I have
upstairs that I'm using is for sensitive
dry skin and I like them both I really
didn't see a difference and I just liked
them both so the Mario Badescu skin care
line is really good I actually use their
night cream it's a seaweed night cream
it's the best I have ever tried it is a
little more pricey but for me personally
I do not mind spending a lot on my
foundations or my skincare products
because to me it's really
to have my skin flawless I don't care if
my eyes and my lips look perfect if my
skin isn't looking good then to me it's
just pointless
no I know it's not pointless but it's
important to me to have moisturize nice
skin so these two products I think work
really well okay Mac Studio Fix I kind
of have a love-hate relationship with it
sometimes I use it sometimes I don't as
a facial setting spray
I use it to intensify my eyeshadows it's
okay that's why I always buy the travel
size because I never know if I'm gonna
get sick of it or not so I just stick
with a little travel sizes cuz they're
cheaper and I'm not really ready to
commit to the big size you know okay I
do have the all night Urban Decay makeup
setting spray and I did purchase the
large one after I use this because I do
feel like it keeps my makeup on all day
but on the other hand my makeup stays on
all day anyway I do not have a problem
with it coming off and I think that is
because I have dry skin so everything
just gets sucked up to my face but I do
like the urban decay makeup setting
spray this empty is my husband's empty
and this is okay so let me tell you my
husband likes stiff hair but he doesn't
like shiny stiff hair he likes it to
look matte and that was a really hard
product for me to find we went through
several hair products trying to find a
good one for my husband and this one is
a very good one I love Paul Mitchell
I've used it literally my entire life I
remember growing up we always had Paul
Mitchell my mom is so sweet but this is
called reformer stronghold matte finish
and it is it is a texturizer and oh this
bad boy is empty I wanted to show you
can see it's like a it's like a wax
cream it's like a waxy cream this is by
far been one of our favorites for sure
my husband's hair is thinning on top and
this I don't know what it is but it does
make his hair look more thick and fuller
so that's a good thing
okay I just have a couple more and then
I am done this is the Make Up For Ever
HD foundation and I used it for a long
time there are pros and cons to every
foundation the one thing I can say about
this foundation is that it comes in a
very pale shade very pale I am actually
wearing it today and yeah I liked it and
I I repurchase it so I must have liked
it so if you have it empty and this bad
boy is empty I think what I'm actually
gonna do now that I've showed you is
crack it up and make sure I get every
last little drop out of it okay so this
is the Anastasia Beverly Hills brow Wiz
pencil you've all seen me use it
and there's a couple things that they
have changed with this so on one end you
have the spoolie and you have a short
cap on this end you have the makeup and
it's a long end do you know how many
times I had the lid cranked up I would
take the short side and I would cram it
onto my makeup and I would crunch like a
half inch of my my makeup and every time
I swear I was just like I swear if you
don't learn for next time I like it made
me so mad and now the new pencils they
the lids are the same size so either lid
can go on either side and I guarantee
that they redid that on purpose because
everyone was having that problem I know
it I know it something else about this
pencil is the first couple I've gone
through several I know don't judge I
have gone through several of these
pencils and I used to find that the
pencil would slide out all the time and
it made me mad I was like I'm paying 20
bucks for a stinkin pencil you better
stay where you're supposed to stay and
the sound of it has changed I can hear
when I twist it it's like the mechanics
in it is different and I haven't had a
problem with a pencil falling out
anymore and I know it's because they
redid that too so good job Anastasia
so that is all for my empties I asked
I really enjoyed doing this video is a
little bit different than just doing a
makeup tutorial if you like these type
of videos leave me comment below so I
know or give this video a thumbs up
thank you guys for watching me and
supporting me and I'll see you guys in
my next video bye also I will so mm-hmm
I love the smell of Johnson & Johnson
faith sorry boo-boo no I'm not calling
my husband don't ever do that again
don't ever say that again
you are hmm something else is going to
tell you about it Oh oily skin but they
don't but it get up together it's
because I need to eat it's because I'm
starving you guys all I can think about
is eating I just
no cheeseburger I want a cheeseburger
