all right by some miracle we are all
ready this morning I don't even know how
it happened but today is my first
ultrasound and I I get nervous every
time I don't know why but I'm like out
of breath I'm sorry I just ran up the
stairs I made yoga and all the kids in
the car so I could make a little intro
to my vlog today and because they're all
coming with us I'm excited Joel's going
to be there so I don't care if all the
kids are there either and I'm just
excited I think this is just exciting
and the first ultrasound ultrasounds are
always just so exciting so I guess we
got to get going because I think we're
gonna almost be late and I know dad
seriously if you make fun of my hair I
guess I'll do nothing about it but do
this hmm
all right this place is gorgeous you're
just great
Boston last days want to go play in the
toy okay go play oh hey Joel would you
like to join me by the fireplace
sure I know yeah well we could sit over
here and come sit over there by Nene you
look so Leila compared to that huge
fireplace just anybody's little okay do
you think I'm gonna have twin Jill
doesn't think I am I probably will not
but I'm just hoping I'm gonna happen if
it does that will be crazy there is only
one thing and I'm trying not to get like
teary but I am a little nervous for like
I always get nervous when I first come
in because I don't really like like the
doctor seeing my tummy cuz it's not cute
like Ellie's um it looks like I've had
four kids and so I know he sees it every
day because like me like I still feel
like embarrassed you know so hey I'm
just a little nervous for that alright
let's look and see kind of nice in here
yeah
stuff yeah we keep accumulating more
machines so that's good that's not you
oh my gosh yeah what's your question
that's not fun it was instantaneous
that's not even funny
that was a mean Church yeah well no I'm
just no II just I was actually all right
that's you only see one only one so
weirdly one
she's bouncing around boy I'm looking at
us and logic to that little face mm-hmm
to show off a little alien face
yeah sorry I'm a on you
there's the legs Serling's an arm down
there I can totally see that wavin at
you I swear this is like the movie s
twin I've never seen they keep getting
better you know the technology just
keeps advancing he okay that there's
just one in there bond because I am was
looking back last time at nodes I mean
there's a decent chance you'd be done by
mid-august right just because of your
past history and none of us wants
imagining on going early no no I mean
none of us want to go too long because
of tough stuff yeah
bigger tears oh my gosh that won't see
that I got that little explosion where
he is gonna do both side view sadly I've
held eleven week baby in my hand you
can't tell the difference like they have
a little for two points what do you bet
so those girls you know I mean you guys
want to see a picture of the baby can
you look
they said rather hard to see is he a boy
no no look up I bored missing baby eyes
the mom you want the same baby you saw
yesterday do you can you see what the
baby looks like look there's that one
yes I see it hey there's the body yes it
looks so cute - I wanted to be a girl we
don't know if it's a boy or a girl yet
Olivia we don't know if it's a boy or a
girl yet okay okay
let's go get some babies okay we'll
drive past the hospital so you can see
the helicopter
do you guys see that big helicopter yes
actually yes it is special one yeah
that's a special helicopter mouse hearts
go up to anyone that has to use it
what's that cool the only ones that
psyched really okay everybody's got
together all right let's get our seat
belts on I just got back from my
appointment and it's rainy and cloudy
outside and I was freezing and my kids
were all kind of screaming and so I had
Joel take the kids downstairs and I said
let me just go cuddle up in the bed and
end my pregnancy update so the
appointment went really well
the doctor told me that I am due on
August 20th I never gave a due date
because I wasn't exactly sure on the day
and I wanted to have the ultrasound um
confirm what the actual due date was
before I told you so the due date is
August 20th which seems like a really
really long time away but that's okay we
got we have plenty of time for this baby
to grow pretty much everything is still
the same I'm still really nauseous
through the day but things have been
getting better the one thing that has
progressively gotten worse is my
restless nights I don't sleep well and
truthfully I don't know what it is about
being pregnant and me not sleeping good
but I just I don't sleep well and oh my
gosh
then acne that I was telling you about I
don't know why I get all around my neck
like on my neck hairline it drives me
crazy it's probably the worst symptom I
think I have it drives me nuts and
they're kind of like those painful zits
you know anyway moving right along I
have had so many people ask me did you
record your parents reaction did you
record la ingeras reaction and the
reason that I did not is because at the
time I was too tired I honestly couldn't
I couldn't muster up enough energy to
record their reactions and I don't know
why the time
and I was just not feeling it so I
didn't and I just enjoyed them for my
selves but we'll do something fun for
the gender-reveal so I hope you enjoyed
coming along with me it's kind of like
it's kind of awkward when you're in the
doctor's office and you like pull out
your recorder you like walk into a
doctor's office because nobody else in
there is like knows what I'm doing so I
do feel a little bit funny like holding
my camera out and talking and stuff but
to me it's worth it for my sake for my
own documentation and I love sharing it
with you guys you give me nothing but
amazing feedback thank you so much for
your absolute for your absolute kind
words they are just they're very
heartwarming thank you so much and I
will see you guys in my next video bye
yes and the reason I never gave in due
date is because you always get there
just kind of and I'm pretty sure they're
just like what are they you problem
