good morning new guys so I was getting
ready this morning and I just thought
you know the reason I really love makeup
and hair and everything that makes us
beautiful is because it's kind of
deceiving and I don't mean that in a bad
way but you would never know by me
turning the camera on and saying oh good
morning everybody it's been such a good
day that last night was a night from
heck like I cried so much yesterday I
cried because I was happy I cried
because I was passed in the kids I cried
because I was watching um
I cried because I was watching call the
midwives and it was a really intense
like labor scene and I bawled my
eyeballs out
I cried yesterday because I was grateful
I cried yesterday because I was selfish
and then this morning I woke up with a
few extra pimples really puffy eyes and
I thought Bonnie you are gonna draw
those eyebrows on you're gonna put those
lashes on and PS I had a really good
eyeliner day which doesn't happen to
very often which doesn't happen too
often but me and the kids are gonna run
some errands we're gonna go visit a
neighbor and I just thought you know
it's crazy if if if you didn't tell
people what was going on inside people
would never know and anyways I'm just
letting you in on how things were going
and hopefully today will be better so if
you guys had a rough night or if you had
a rough week put on some eyelashes and I
don't know try to conquer your day just
a little bit better and at least find
comfort in knowing that everybody else
out there is going through garbage to go
so quick it goes yeah nice day
I'll break it to death you have a piece
I have escaped wow that's like you broke
it to death oh no no oh yeah so right
there oh all right go that's mine that's
boy but used to complain fit you stay
come play fit sorry holy what are you
trying to make
oh I think you like the size of the
world our community puts on a stake ski
night and they let everyone come up and
ski for super cheap so Joel went out
snowboarding and me and the kids stayed
in the lodge and we've been watching a
movie like lots of just fun movies they
have lots of fun treats and stuff and
Joel is so nice you so much more
energetic with the kids than I am but
he's out here somewhere playing with the
kids and I can't really find them but I
know he's up yet though okay if I fall
down this hill not good we're gonna be
extra careful huh
Buster has been going from people's
plate to plate just picking up extra
cookies picking up extra bags of Cheetos
and he is having the time of his life
okay I don't know look for traffic I
swear if I get run over
it's a good-looking snowman oh shoot
shoot Kody the snowman just broke oh oh
I love you you just sticking by my leg
oh oh baby yes don't worry I'm taking it
easy
I'm so glad I came out here to see you
guys well I was just enjoying myself up
in the lodge
that looks painful Cody I saw you
rolling down that hill like a madman
yeah I imagine that's what you are doing
you want to do it again
we are on our way to get some food
hallelujah uh yes you guys can cut in
two they're so worried they don't need
to come with us
yes we're gonna eat there okay look at
that dog : I look at that doggie it's
like a little polar bear so cute that my
parents had me look at fun it's Alaskan
Husky we have been running ears we just
got Joe I swear that's all I ever say
hey guys we're gonna go run errands but
this morning we went got Joe's license
taken care of we did homework we got our
house clean and who did we do the
homework for Olivia talked that's not
doing homework anymore
no way Jose um but right now we're on
our way to get some lunch and I'm even
embarrassed to tell you where we're
going what code chain trap
do you see the train track yeah wow
that's pretty cool look look is this a
dead giveaway where we are cafe stable
or cook research we love this place I am
not ashamed yes I did your crayon the
walls are not your canvas I see you
looking around
because when chummy oh wow
well you don't want my menu there okay I
got it okay I won't touch it
oh you're so picky you're so picky you
don't even want my finger on your paper
good job let's see why did you want the
top button on your shirt then yeah I
like to look cool you wanted it to look
cool why do you think that looks cool
with your very top 9 all right oh
goodness
how's that taste
I'm very happy to be here okay show me
your muscles huh show me your muscles Oh
- I don't have a concealed carry permit
Sweden company mouth
Jared showed his mouth with one camera
and you know just I've turned this into
a friendly competition
another hearsay competition are you boys
the only boys in my life except my daddy
at first and all the brother-in-law's
but I sure love you boys
oh my gosh I love you guys too you true
you're so handsome and so cute I gotta
get the best part of you though
ah yours ha ha you're so cute
shake your booty Cody do you know how
let me see when you're not faster well
that's a bit
hey Cody look I mom that's the best
booty shake ever Boston do you know how
to shake your bumbum fast and shake your
bumbum enough he's like hey well you
guys take it
critic did you take it out boss dead
I keep saying no today is Jill's
birthday and he does not know that we
have a little surprise for him
he thinks that today we're just kind of
hanging out having a relaxing day that
we might not get a babysitter tonight
but that is not the case for lunch I'm
like I really want a firehouse hey
without ya eat we're going back see ya
happy birthday Joel you'll never guess
what this is hint hint he he we are so
funny
your wrappings funny not just city look
at that rope that's cute I like it thank
all these kids are more excited than you
are jobs yes okay you open it
and now and your dad dad's gonna open it
cuz like a book you'll see oh just for
you know because it smokers anonymous
what were you guys talking about earlier
fireside you were talking about
firefighters I saw you give him a high
five yeah you did can you give him five
Russell
vt why did why did you do so much
because I think I feel just as Gideon's
gelled as we walked in everyone was so
excited to see Joel and look on your
face I could tell you just appreciated
it it was so it was just fun it was fun
everybody just wait on senior sorry my
sponsee my family yes I see my parents I
was refreshing I know I thought so too
if they're good folk hey how come your
eyes look a little watery or not yeah
they are really stinky in here oh he's
happy so I'm happy
well what I was telling everyone earlier
is it was a lot but you take care of all
of us better than anyone in this world
was special thank you happy birthday
today I hope you don't hit the grape
vines Joel
I'm sure glad you took grandpa's hand
and walk with them
I don't know how you did it bond that
you got you got the old man to work babe
maybe it's the other way around
maybe maybe my dad got Bonnie to finally
ship up and work pretty fun best day
ever so is it my birthday tomorrow - so
I get do I get a birthday month like you
do what was your favorite part about
today cupcakes cupcakes that's a good
part when playing guns t playing guns or
was a friend when I when I shot my new
friend gonna show the action oh my okay
daddy you want to buy it yeah okay well
let you be a good time what was your
favorite part of today um everything it
was as a daughter Bonnie was my favorite
part my favorite part about today was
when Joel got really teri off camera but
on the way home that people came out of
their day
you get my bike okay
that's his favorite part of the day and
news favorite part of the day was cake
hey Sean happy birthday John oh we love
you thank you yeah I had a really really
nice time yeah I special thank you bye
everybody we hope you have an excellent
week
