hey guys today we're going to be doing
our contour part of the highlight bronze
and contour so right now on my face I
have the highlight done I have the
bronze done and now we're going to do
just a little bit of contouring many
people contour with their bronzer and
you can do that but when I did that I
felt like it didn't really do what it
was meant to do when I'm contouring and
you see that kind of orange because when
you put a lot on the color gets more
focused and concentrated right there all
I felt like it was doing was just adding
a lot of color I don't feel like it was
actually emphasizing the structure of my
face
and so I found a color that has a lot of
gray to it because contour is you're
basically emphasizing the shadows on
your face I use sculpt by Mac I know
that Anastasia Beverly Hills has a
contour palette with a shade similar
that has a grayish hue to it and I know
that Kat Von D has a palette out that I
would I really want it to be honest but
it has a really good shade in it too
so as a warning do not go heavy-handed
at first you can always add a little
extra but it is very hard to take away
that color and like I said it does have
gray undertones to it so if you get a
lot on there you look like you've been
wiping grey on your face so be very
careful I'm warning you I am NOT going
to contour my whole face there's old
many videos out there that have very
strict sculpted out face with their
contour I do a very simple contour and
that's what I'm going to show you today
so I load up a dense brush and the
number has been worn off this is a Mac
brush but any dense brush will work a
lot of people use angled brushes
anything that you feel comfortable using
is what you can use
now with the bronzer yesterday in my
video yesterday I went all over the
place but with your contour you want
much more structured lines I start at
the top of my ear and I come down to not
even the center of my eye I think that's
a little too far I just kind of
about an inch and a half two inches
right here under your cheekbone so
there's that side and there's that side
looking straight into the camera I feel
like you can see this side of my face is
more angular than this side of my face
with the contour simply just under the
cheekbone so I'm going to go ahead and
even that out on the other side I do
like to go down the sides of my nose you
can use whatever brush is gonna work for
you I know a lot of people use a fluffy
brush like an eyeshadow pencil and go
down the sides of their nose I like to
use a flat brush because it's hard for
me to blend on my nose and I have dry
skin so I don't like to rub around with
a brush too terribly much so I just
lightly go down the center or the sides
of my nose when I first started doing
this I would draw my lines clear out
here and all I was doing was it was
creating a larger looking nose because I
had the bridge so far apart so when I do
it I come right up on top I connect my
eyebrow down this way and then I
whatever is left on my brush I'll just
shade on that side of my nose I don't
want any exact lines because for me it's
not flattering I keep those lines close
together connect it from my eyebrow down
and I'm really not using a lot you
probably aren't gonna notice too much of
a difference I do and I like the way it
looks but that is probably the number
one mistake that girls will do is
keeping those lines too far apart you
want to keep them closer together yeah I
see a huge difference I like the way it
looks if you've gone overboard with your
contouring this is a brush that I use
for my setting
powder and so I will go down the center
of my nose to re-emphasize the highlight
and I'll kind of brush it over the
entire nose just to blend everything
together you do not want to see contour
lines so that is really all I do for my
contour so now I have on my face my
highlight my bronzing and my contour
thank you guys for watching this
three-part series I am so excited for
all of my new viewers and I hope that
these videos were beneficial to you if
they were make sure that you give this
video a thumbs up share them with
friends if you feel like they could
benefit from it and I will see you guys
in my next video bye hey guys
today we are going to be doing our the
flip throws don't you fall out don't
fall out I will scream crisis everted
you kidding the numbers already wiped
off i'm not even now this brush for very
long
