hey guys today is bronzing day and I am
so excited to do my bronzer because
right now I have on my highlighter and
I'm looking very very very pale and so I
want to warm up my face with a little
bit of bronzer so I'm going to take my
bronzer and a big fluffy brush and we
are going to bronze the face I am going
to start on the forehead
I usually do my hair after my makeup
because you do want to make sure that
this is rubbed right into that hairline
to prevent any lines of demarcation I'm
not going to place it in the center of
my forehead where I placed my
highlighter but I am going to circle my
brush around that area just to make sure
that they are blended and that there's
no lines so looking straight into the
camera I think you can see a humongo
difference between this side that is
bronzed and this side that is not so I'm
gonna stick with that side of my face
so I load up my brush find your natural
hollow of your cheekbone place my brush
right in there and I place it almost
like I would a blush but just a little
bit lower now the first place that you
put your brush is where the most product
is gonna be so I lay my product here you
can see I'm using big swipes because I'm
not contouring I'm just warming up the
skin I'm bronzing I don't take it in
past here I try to keep it back this way
and I come down just slightly so that
there's a color here but not too much I
want most of it right up here under the
cheekbone and then you can bring it down
I always come down on my neck just a
little bit on the side because I don't
want to have a really pale neck and then
a lot of bronzing on the face I just
feel like it flows very well so I bring
it down only on the side of my neck just
to blend with my face and you really
just stick to the outside perimeter of
your face looking straight into the
camera I think it's amazing what a
little bit of bronzer can do if I'm
showing you just this side I think it's
beautiful I love seeing the really light
under the eyes I feel like it's it flows
well to the chin and down the center of
my neck I think that it just looks
flawless and beautiful there is nothing
wrong with all pale I think that that's
a really pretty look too and you can go
as you can go very very light with this
I went a little bit heavier than if I
wanted to I didn't really mean to do
that but you can go as light or as heavy
as you feel comfortable as long as
you're blending when you choose a
bronzer you want to find a matte bronzer
with no shimmer to it unless it's the
summertime mary-lou manizer has I think
it's either cindy-lou or it's a
different Luminizer and it is a bronzer
and it has a sheen to it and I am
definitely gonna get that for the
summertime but just as an everyday
winter look you definitely want to find
a bronzer that is matte and that is a
nice shade for you a lot of people will
take their setting powder and just go
several shades darker and I think that's
a little bit more fail-proof
if you're looking for just that right
color if you feel like you've gone a
little overboard with your bronzer you
can always go in with a clean brush or
your highlighting brush not the
highlighter brush but your highlighting
brush that you use to set your powder
with you can just go through and blend
all of those colors together because you
don't want lines that's not going to be
attractive it's the smooth transition
that is what I think is attractive I
don't know how many times you can hear
blending is key but it's the truth
thank you guys so much for watching if
this was beneficial to you make sure to
give it a thumbs up and I will see you
guys tomorrow in my contour video bye
