hi guys welcome to my channel this week
I hit 20,000 subscribers and for me that
is so amazing I am so excited and I am
welcoming you all to my channel I
thought this week I would go to a couple
of basics that I think are a little
intimidating highlighting contouring and
bronzing I think that they can be very
intimidating steps but they are actually
very simple you can make them as
difficult or as simple as you would like
and I want to show you a simple version
of them I broke them up into three small
videos today I'm going to be doing
highlighting tomorrow I'm going to be
doing bronzing and the next day I'm
going to be doing contouring thanks
again for all of your support it truly
warms my heart and soul so let's go
ahead and get started with this tutorial
okay so before I do any highlighting
contouring or bronzing I make sure that
I have one thin layer of foundation all
over my face so right now the only
makeup that I have on my face is one
layer of foundation and it looks fine
but you will be amazed at the difference
when you add just these other three
little steps
how much more dimensional your face is
gonna look you can see that I've matched
my face to my neck and I like the way
that looks I like that it's just one
smooth canvas and now we're gonna go in
and add just a little bit of dimension
and I personally start with the
concealer first I am going to be using
Mac Pro Longwear concealer and a damp
micro Beauty Blender placement is very
important I used to go all the way down
the side of my nose and straight up to
here because that's how I'd seen it done
many times but what you have to remember
is that you need to pay attention to
your face shape coming all the way down
to the side of my nose
doesn't work for me because when I smile
you can see the little crease right in
here and I was getting a lot of creasing
right there and I didn't like that and
it didn't really look good like it just
didn't look quite as natural so I when I
smile I usually will bring my concealer
from here
about down to here and then up I really
like this tiny Beautyblender because it
gives in those small areas and it really
does help prevent any creasing I do try
to stay away from the fine lines and
wrinkles because when you put product on
those it's just going to draw attention
to him when I'm almost finished blending
and there's the least amount of product
on my Beauty Blender that's when I'll go
over those areas and if you'll notice I
am extending the concealer past my eye
and that helps to lift and brighten your
eyes when I highlight I don't like to
highlight just one area on my face like
under my eyes because I feel like it
draws too much attention just to that
area and I feel like it doesn't keep
your face balanced so I usually go in
and highlight the top of my chin and
slightly down the center of my nose and
when you do the center of your nose you
really want to keep the line small if
you want to create the illusion that
your nose is smaller and you also want
to make sure that the line is very
straight otherwise your nose will not
look straight you can always extend that
line up onto your forehead and highlight
just the center of your forehead between
your eyebrows and a little above I don't
always do this step in fact very rarely
I do this step because I am so pale then
I don't want to highlight so many areas
on my face because then it just gets a
little too intense so I usually avoid
this step but it's definitely an option
and a little trick if you've gone
overboard on carving your eyebrows out
which come on seriously I don't know who
doesn't go overboard on their eyebrows
you can take basically there's nothing
left on this sponge I've patted
everything out of it but you can take
your little sponge when you're done and
just go over the inside corners of your
eyebrows to calm them down just a little
bit and like I said I don't know who
doesn't meet that I'm going in with a
setting powder and I'm just going to
vary
lightly set that highlighted area that I
just did my absolute favorite part of
highlighting is using a highlighter
basically a highlighting powder is a
shimmering finish powder that you place
on the highlights of your face to
reflect the Sun or light and it just
gives you a really pretty glow you can
start at the tail of your eyebrow and go
down to about Center eyeball so just
right here on the top of your cheekbone
whatever is left over on my brush I
don't grab more I just use whatever is
on my brush I pinch it skinny and I just
go straight down the center of my nose
and dab it on my chin but that really
should be hardly anything left on your
brush so you're just depositing just the
slightest bit cuz you do not want to go
too heavy in the center of your face I
just like sticking with the top of my
cheekbones so highlighting is actually
very basic and very easy and once you
get the contour and the bronzer on it
looks so beautiful so make sure you
watch the other videos that I have on
bronzing and contouring when they go up
I will make sure to put them in the
description bar below if this video was
helpful to you go ahead and give it a
thumbs up and if you have friends that
would benefit from these videos make
sure you share them with them thank you
guys for watching and I will see you
tomorrow in my bronzing video bye
you know tomorrow I'm going to be doing
a today I'm going to be doing
highlighting tomorrow I'm going to be
doing bronzing say bronzing
