okay you guys know my news I'm broke man
I'm not sure how I feel about that if I
should be happier if I should cry I
don't really know no I am very very
excited Jill and I are both very excited
and I knew I had to record an update for
you because you can't just tell someone
you're pregnant and then not tell them
all the details that's all I want to
know when people tell me they've had a
baby I want all the post stuff and if
they tell me they're pregnant I want to
know all the details maybe not all the
details I want already does
so Joel and I knew we wanted to have
this last baby we were kind of hesitant
because I think three children is a
handful but I feel like I managed them
well and I feel like I don't know it was
just in me like it's just that motherly
thing I don't know I knew that I was
gonna have another one um and chilled it
- he was a little more hesitant than I
was I just felt it it's like you know
when you know does that even make sense
I don't know but I knew and so did Joel
we both knew that we wanted to have this
baby and we were going to try around
July August September October and it
just I don't know the timing just wasn't
right we knew that it was soon it just
wasn't right then and then in November
I told Joel I said uh I'm not feeling so
good
and I'm pretty sure I'm pregnant and
he's like no no you are not pregnant I
was like oh my gosh I'm Landon and so we
took a pregnancy test and it was
negative and I was so sad I was so sad
Joel's like Oh phew I'm like yeah whew
that's when I knew I was like all right
we're getting busy we're really gonna
try and I am very fertile the next month
we tried we figured out our days and I
was pregnant and so as you saw in the
video we found out on Christmas Eve I
kind of knew but I wasn't feeling any
symptoms like I thought Joel I should be
pregnant but I don't feel pregnant at
least I did
felt pregnant and then it's like oh yeah
I guess I have been having headaches oh
I guess I haven't feelin really chubby
in my genes I know a lot of people feel
like they get bigger sooner the more
kids they have which I definitely feel
is true but even before when I had
Olivia I was going to the gym almost
every day I was looking fine and before
I even knew I was pregnant I had this
Podge over my pants and I just gained
weight really quickly with kids and
that's what I'm really nervous about I
am so nervous about gaming way I just
the biggest thing for me is my face I
feel like I can't talk I gain so much
weight in my face and in my nose it's
like I know when someone's pregnant by
the look on their nose I there's no lie
about that it is the honest truth you
can see it in their faces
some people hold it really well Julie
Ellie my sister-in-law Emily my sister
Ruby and she had her kids it's like why
me why me
why do I get that fat pregnancy face but
I do just happens so currently I am ten
weeks pregnant with my other three
pregnancies I didn't feel sick that much
I mean I kind of each pregnancy has
gotten worse and worse as far as morning
sickness goes but for me I'm not a
thrower upper I don't puke all morning
and then feel better in the afternoon
like the most people do it feels like I
just feel nauseous
from morning till night all day every
day and oh ho I wish I could throw up I
wish I was one of those that would just
puke my guts out and then be done for
the day that would be really really nice
so I brought down a bunch of the
symptoms that I was feeling just before
I really found out that I was pregnant
that kind of set me off so I'm going to
read a few of them to you so I kept
getting bloody noses everyone knows I
have really dry skin anyway from my
beauty videos but it gets so much worse
it gets so much we're so dry in my nose
that I get bloody noses often and Olivia
and Cody just cry when they see me with
bloody noses because I don't know what's
going on and it's kind of scary I became
starving in the morning
really I don't eat my breakfast until
like later like noonish but I would get
up in the mornings and I couldn't even
like I couldn't do anything like I had
to eat I was so famished when I would
wake up in the morning and that was kind
of a dead ringer right there like I was
like okay yeah there's something going
on um on Ria's heck I get really on me
I'm not one of the girls it's like oh
it's that time of the month I'm on me a
like you just worked through it
sisters you just put a smile on your
face and you work through it like come
on give me a break
I don't know but when I'm pregnant I'm
just hungry and it's because I just
don't feel good and because I don't know
I get really whiny and really ornery and
I feel really bad for my husband break
out I my chest and my back and a little
bit well a lot of it on my face it's
pretty well cleared up now but it's
those very first few weeks that gets me
every time and I'm like oh what's going
on do I need to like wash my clothes
more do I need to like wash my sheets or
something more but then I find out I'm
pregnant like oh that makes sense
um gagging when you brush your teeth it
just like you're pregnant oh not just
when I brush my teeth and you got a lot
my hair I normally can get away with
several days without washing it and it
just seems when I'm pregnant
I get greasy your hair so I have to wash
it much more often and then so those
were kind of like pre things that kind
of led me to believe that I was pregnant
and then some of the symptoms that I'm
having now obviously the nauseous during
the day headaches is oh I forget how bad
your head hurts when you're pregnant at
least for me I get headaches through out
the pregnancies and they're just they're
just like a dull pounding throbbing
headache sometimes you know you get
tension ones in your hand your front of
your eyes and stuff but for me my
headaches are just grow they're just
painful tired hungry I'm just hungry oh
my gosh I'm just hungry I told myself
you are not going to excel
Sibley yeah you need to eat a little
more when you're pregnant but you are
not going to excessively eat I have no
control I have no self-control when I'm
pregnant let alone when I'm not pregnant
it's hard enough but I feel like I've
been doing really good Joel and I had in
general have done really well changing
our eating habits but it's just really
hard when you're pregnant I swear there
isn't a choice it's like I have to eat
and other things that I've been craving
is like good hearty comfort food chicken
parmesan funeral potatoes I ate like
half a ham at Christmas that was a dead
giveaway at Christmas I ate so much ham
I usually don't eat any like I usually
just don't eat any and I ate so much and
I thought to myself huh this is odd ah
maybe I'm pregnant
my kids are beyond excited Olivia wants
a girl so bad I'm right there with your
sister and Cody obviously really wants a
boy so that is about it for this update
if you guys would like to follow me
along on this pregnancy journey make
sure to subscribe because I will be
doing updates on the pregnancy I think I
want to do an update video in addition
to my Monday vlogs and my Friday beauty
videos if you think that's a good idea
to make sure you leave a comment below
or give this video a thumbs up so I know
you want to see more thank you guys for
your support and I will see you guys in
my next video bye I just feel nauseous
morning tonight all day air a day that's
getting it usually Lisa kevro's on my
tongue and not my teeth Oh at least for
me that was a stutter proof of a ver me
