okay do you want to see how proud Boston
is of himself and while I'm pretty proud
of him he has a Googler I'm on him okay
let's see well if you'll be able to see
we will try okay come soon
look so right here Kate you've you're
watching me yo good you okay can you
throw that to mama oh great job give me
five
okay throw hard part
poor oh good yeah you want to throw that
one stuck in your cup when to V oh yeah
okay one two three oh yeah for a job I
just put Olivia to bed and there's a few
things in her room that kind of are the
art that are kind of small examples of
her critical thinking she totally gets
her thinking skills from her dad and I
love it I love seeing Joel's mind in
Olivia I just think that she is so cute
and so I don't know just little things
and this is just a small glimpse but
I'll show you
hi sweetie you're reading and then the
jasmine one good hey I want you to show
me your lamp that you made I didn't make
it well the little lamp that you put
together so this is how I do when it
turned on so this is your dollies boot
and they just turn it on and then after
that so first what's this this is the
top that goes to the end and I'll show
you in the morning so this is your
doggy's rain hat all right and I think
I'll just don't be careful then that's
how I get my kids
what can you tear this off to show them
yes it looks like and then when you're
done you can just wow that that is so
cute I love it
I didn't even fire stings I just wasn't
talking I just made it you just did it
so in the morning when you wake up and
you're kind of cold what do you usually
do in the morning oh let me turn the
light on
okay this is my new world then I got for
Christmas mmm I and I so Olivia
is this your shopping cart that you took
the basket off of okay just show me what
you do in the morning um I just grabbed
it oh you like to have a seat first in
your shopping cart and they do Rehan oh
so you put your hair back there so that
someone can get your hair fixed and you
take it off then I just then
Wow and then you're just ready for the
day well my gosh that is so fun now I
don't want you to stay up too late you
just read maybe one or two stories and
then you go to bed okay okay stay our
pregnancy video went up and Jill and I
were both completely I don't know
completely blown away turn your phone
off this is awkward answer it
Joe and I were completely blown away at
the comments and I know that we don't
know you I know that you really don't
know us but we can just be friends
anyway and absolutely love and
appreciate each other because your
comments truly made me feel better
because I really the one concern I have
is physically changing
I mean pregnancy doesn't always look the
best on me but the comments that I got
were just enjoy your pregnancy enjoy
what's going on and so I called Johnny I
said Jill you're bringing me dinner ha
ha we're not having scrambled eggs for
free for dinner
um and even though we had fire house
last night with Brian and Missy you know
the daily bumps yeah we totally went to
dinner with him we went to breakfast
with him we kind of have played a little
with him Joe ants don't know feeling and
honestly they are pool people Ellie and
Jared were there too oh don't forget
those guys if Ellie and Jared look
actually no we have had so much fun of
them we went to a firehouse with him
last night and it cases the wood that I
had to get fireworks again so we have
pizza and lunch celery salad and bread
behalf of this we're gonna save for your
lunch tomorrow half of it maybe like you
know fourth well anyway my point is
saying thank you this has been so fun
and we can't wait to share our updates
with you I think you're one or two
stories that you were supposed to read
turned in
- how many what are you doing downstairs
Oh more importantly what are you doing
upstairs
did you hear daddy well I went I was
taking out if dad was here not here yet
I wanted to come say goodnight to him
but I I knew you're recording for a
minute I don't want to be interrupt you
so were you waiting in the hall yeah I
did not know she was out there I'll tell
you what sister even my towel yeah yeah
I didn't want to get my bed dirty dad
and I are getting ready to watch Blue
Bloods nope
you can have one bite of pizza and then
you run off to bed okay okay now
goodnight for the second time last night
Bonnie did not sleep very good she was
up kind of all night and didn't have a
good night but I slept like a million
bucks I feel great and so did the kids
Cody did not she slept in till 7:00 it
was you know nice nice relaxing morning
but anyway I got up with the kids and we
relaxed and let Bonnie sleep and I
wanted on to sleep a little more so we
came down to my this is this is my Play
Store renegade sports can achieve it
anyway we're gonna go in look at some
four-wheelers some snowmobiles Flicka
some cool stuff some gas stuff and the
kids like it cuz there's a huge it's
like the biggest playground ever I'll
show you when we get inside Cody Clark
show me what the amigos do show me
why wait I can't see show me show me
what the amigos do
whoo
pretty slick bud for snowmobiles
everything but the best part is this
jungle gym look at this thing
wait there's a huge slide that goes down
like two storeys this thing is ginormous
this is my favorite place on earth
four-wheelers kids can play cool stuff
feel like a man is a man store love it
good morning oh man good morning little
man hey hey good morning oh man what
time did I have to wake up this morning
5:30 I had to wake up at 5:30 to get
ready I didn't want to not get ready to
go down with my parents we are on our
way down to my parents we're meeting
Ellie Jared and the daily bumps Brian
and Missy their boys are gonna go skiing
it's about the daily bumps yeah we went
to dinner with them and Cody goes lost
by the bumps the boys and Missy are
gonna go skiing and me and Ellie and my
mom are going to just stay home and
watch the kids and have a good day and I
just there's a lot of kids I knew I
wouldn't have time to get ready there so
we're just waking up the kids and we're
gonna just stick him in the truck
oh just kidding
oh I don't know what's going on are you
happier you mad I'm not really sure
thanks he's deciding I think you don't
know either
oh that's a lovely pose yes sexy baby
talkative are you gonna play with Ollie
today just wash he play with Ollie today
she's working and you boys are gonna be
safe huh
yes the kids have been cooped inside
grandmas today me and Ellie went and ran
a whole bunch of errands we were so
tired and I looked out the window
because I sent all the kids outside and
I looked at the window I saw Olivia saw
Cody and I said hey where's Boston and
Olivia is over here
trying yeah you did Boston how did you
get in there did he fall in there no how
did he get in there he just like he was
like this he just eased his way down
yeah okay so if I get you out are you
gonna stay out or does he want to stay
in there you want to stay in there I'll
let you play in there I'll tell you what
yes are you guys having fun
it feels pretty good I hear it is still
a little cold how about I go get us
chair and put it down in there so you
can step on it out
uh-uh uh-uh don't you dare take those
rocks out of there grandma will be so
mad Cody put that rock back cuz grandma
dug these window wheels out all by
herself and then she threw some rock
down there it needs a little more but
don't you throw those out Boston you're
me a big trouble
alright does that chair work and you
know what okay so you want to get out oh
that's okay
whoa I ran to get that thing okay you
guys play hey yep you be really careful
yeah all right show them your trick whoa
I'm not gonna do that
all right oh that was a good one good
job with you Mikey who put you in his
tub that's a lot of boys
Jackson's like drinking string hahahaha
lotta bleep you cute boy EXA cotton and
all he was trying to give them my
monocle of course so they'll be stuck
like okay Joe bags well I should say
good morning because it is Saturday
morning and Joel bless his ever-loving
heart to have your house is a disaster
yeah we got home late last night
oh because we were hanging out with
Ellie and Jared and Brian and you see
and my parents which can you pick him up
please he's so angry and my parents and
BS I seriously love my parents they were
honestly probably one of our best
friends cuz we don't have like people
that we do a whole lot with and when we
do some we honestly doing it with them
you can tell that sleep is really beauty
sleep because this I'm sorry I'm sorry
that you're looking at me Rina um but
Joel brought me neither's he brought me
the leftovers and I'm so excited to sit
down and eat it and we're gonna have a
really lazy day today we're going to get
our house clean we're going to I don't
know not do nap we're gonna nap we all
looked a little hammered around here but
we're gonna close our blog for the week
you guys thank you for watching
Boston you're gonna be the speaker
yourself off the counter now so goodbye
okay I think I'm gonna put my pregnancy
update up on Tuesday which will be
tomorrow for you guys since everybody's
been asking for it so I'm going to close
this before you get really sick of
hearing my kids scream so we'll see you
guys in our next video and I'll see you
guys tomorrow my update bye bye
