hi guys welcome to my channel today i'm
doing a video that's a little bit
different that I usually do last week I
posted a picture of my kids on blanket
time and wow I had a really big response
to that picture a lot of people wanted
to know what blanket time was why I did
it how I did it and I thought it was
something very worth mentioning because
this alone has kept my sanity and that
is no lie I read the books baby wives
and I follow them and in the book it
recommends blanket time now when I first
start I lay a blanket down where I want
them when I give them toys I choose toys
specific for that kid that I know that
they're not going to be bored it's
really good for their attention spans
because you only give them you know just
a handful of toys not a lot when you
first begin you're gonna feel frustrated
you're going to feel like it's a waste
of your time but if you stay consistent
with it then it will get better and it
really will you'll see a difference in
the way your kids behave when you're
first teaching them you can't do
anything else all you're doing is
teaching them and I'll just sit right
here by the blanket and I'll watch them
play I won't play with them I won't show
them what to play with I just watch them
even if they sit there and scream that's
literally what they do most of the time
is just to Thayer and scream they will
get the hang of it there are many
different reasons that you could benefit
from blanket time but I'll tell you the
reasons why I started doing it Olivia
was almost two so I started it when she
was a little bit older but I could not
get her to sit for the life of me we
would go to the doctor's office and she
would be all over the place I would ask
her to sit on a chair and she just
wouldn't do it
It was as if I wasn't even there asking
her to do it when we were at church she
would not sit on the bench and I would
pack a whole bag of toys and she'd go
through that entire bag and be done with
it in 20 minutes 15 10 minutes it was
terrible and I just thought I have got
to get a grip on this are all little
kids this way and the answer to that
yes but the trick is teaching them how
you want them to behave kids will learn
anything if you just teach them and if
you stay consistent with it that's the
biggest thing with this in the beginning
with blanket time you are going to feel
like it's a disaster and it is it's
really hard and I have a headache
every time I start but if you stick with
it you will be able to tell your child
just sit on a blanket play with a few
toys and I leave my kids there for up to
an hour and the reason that I chose an
hour is because that's how long
sacrament is that's how long a lot of
meetings that we go to our and so you
start with about 10 to 15 minutes and
you work your way up and it depends on
their age as well I do not like to set a
timer because something that this
teaches because something that this
teaches is that blanket time starts when
mom says and blanket time ends when mom
says if they're being really really good
I'm not going to take them off the
blanket they can stay and do what
they're doing even if it's past the time
that the timer says or if blanket time
needs to end a little bit early because
they are just not having it that day
because sometimes that's going to be the
case then you can say okay mommy says
blanket time is over and you can let
your little one run off the blanket
because what you really don't want to do
is for the child to say I'm done doing
this and get off the blanket that
doesn't teach them to be obedient that
doesn't teach them to listen to what
you're saying so you really got to be
strict with it another place that this
really helps is when I'm trying to cook
dinner and I just need them out of my
hair but I don't want them running
around the house making a huge mess I
need them right there and plus I like
them seeing what mom's doing when I'm
cleaning and I'm going room to room I
don't put a blanket out but I'll set
them on the couch and I'll say Kay I'm
gonna clean the family room
you don't put music on play have fun but
you're staying on that couch while I
clean the family room I really do feel
like this teaches strict obedience it
helps with
our attention span oh no no no but I'm
gonna get look fast and your blanket so
just like that they are going to crawl
off the blanket they're going to run off
the blanket and at first all I do I
don't say much because I don't want to
really communicate with them
when they're on blanket time and the
reason is because sometimes I just need
to read sometimes I'm making phone calls
sometimes I'm doing bills and so I do
not want to entertain them that's
another thing that this does is teaches
them to self entertained and so when
they crawl off the blanket I just pick
them up put them back on the blanket I
usually start around 18 months they
usually get it pretty well by VIN Olivia
doesn't necessarily stay on a blanket
for quiet time or blanket time anymore
because she is older and she doesn't
really need to do that when I started
teaching Boston how to stay on a blanket
I put Olivia on one that way he saw what
she was doing you saw what Cody was
doing and he kind of got the idea but a
lot of time I'll just put her up at the
table have her do her homework have her
color and just she knows to stay there
until I tell her that it's time to get
up sometimes if I feel like the child
needs it or if I really need them to
stay on the blanket just a little bit
longer I will give them Boston to hit me
he's like what you say sometimes I'll
give them snacks so that will keep their
attention but I try to teach them to
play without snacks yeah I have taken
the kids to doctor appointments with me
and I will tell them okay we're going to
have blanket time but I put them in the
chairs at the doctor's office and every
time I don't think I've gone to the
doctor's without a nurse or the doctor
saying wow I can't believe your kids
just sit there first of all I threaten
them before the doctor gets in there you
will fit here you will be quiet and you
will not get off of these chairs and if
they do I wait till we get home and then
we get home I
really let him know that that was not
okay to get off your chair
and we're gonna practice and we're going
to learn to sit still when we go to the
doctor's office or when we go to
wherever you know but I don't make a
scene where we're at but I do let them
know I am not happy with you and we are
going to talk about this when we get
home because you're in public you don't
want to embarrass your child plus the
child's probably not even paying
attention because they're looking and
doing whatever they're doing is he
staying like okay so pets decide to make
sure this has also been a really good
thing for when I just had one child
because it used because now that I have
a couple of kids when I'm in the shower
I can put him in a bedroom and have them
play together or put him in front of the
TV and Olivia's old enough that if
there's something wrong she can come and
get me but when it was just Olivia
I couldn't shower she was into
everything and I couldn't let her run
through the house so she'd be in the
bathroom while I was trying to get ready
and it was it was absolute chaos
so what I would do is I would put the
towel mat on the floor in the bathroom
because it was just big enough give her
like one thing because I'm only gonna be
in there for 15-20 minutes maybe 30 and
I would tell her to stay there there was
after I taught her and it made my shower
time so much better it was so much
better and more of like I felt like I
could do stuff it wasn't my mind wasn't
complete chaos 24/7 during the day
something that you're also going to want
to keep in mind if your child is hungry
if your child needs a nap they're not
going to do good at blanket time you
have to kind of plan it in your day it's
right before lunchtime they're probably
not going to do well so make sure that
they're fed make sure their diapers are
changed or they've gone to the bathroom
that way they don't use the excuse I
need to go to the bathroom I need to get
off the blanket so make sure that
they're ready for it
and they will do much better you will be
more successful if you make sure that
it's good timing for them as well
normally I don't have their blankets so
close but I
just wanted them in the frame but
usually I try to keep them separate that
way they don't fight with each other
they don't want each other's toys
they're not trying to play with each
other it just keeps them separate and it
just is better at least for me that way
so that is what blanket time is that's
what why and how I do it if you have any
questions you can definitely leave a
comment below and I'll get back to you
if you like this video make sure to give
it a thumbs up if you start doing
blanket time and you like it make sure
to tag me in pictures you can do it on
Instagram or Twitter I've had a few
people do it already and I think is
really fun I think it's really great to
each their own good luck and I will see
you guys in my next video thanks for
watching bye
um wait for the garbage truck to pass it
was as if that as it was as if I hadn't
even lost my train of thought it's so
key you can't see Cody but he's shooting
his army man right now
