it's Christmas Eve and Jolin I have a
buzzing question in our minds and we
thought I could be thought that tonight
would be a good night to maybe take a
pregnancy test we thought we were
pregnant for sure a couple months ago
and our plan was to start trying maybe
like August or something and it just
hasn't really worked out it just hasn't
happened and so we're thinking that it
might be ready now now so we're gonna
take the test end no but we're she's
gonna take the test
oh you're helping me thank you yeah
we'll be right back you know my urinal
well it's not good but I'll be on it for
you all right
pee is inserted that's disgusting and we
have a little tab covering the results
and we're gonna find out my guess is yes
I'm pregnant because I just think I
wouldn't meet yeah we had we're pretty
fertile Myrtle like is very very
pregnancy the last time when I got
pregnant with Cody that was dr. plantain
Bobo Austin and that was not planned and
we were in the bathroom just like this
and when we found out we were pregnant I
lunged my body onto the bed and probably
balled for like 45 minutes I just
couldn't believe it was just a lot
sooner than I wanted to be pregnant and
this one is like we've waited a little
longer than we maybe thought but we're
writing for
you ready
sure okay get the pee on me
oh my okay ready one you okay
two lines it's pregnant one line I'm not
oh me but number four I knew I knew
her I mean I think this is it's always
harder on Joel initially it's it's a big
deal for Joel it's a big deal more
mouths to feed
Joel takes Joel honestly takes having
another baby in the family a little bit
more serious because he does he thinks
of it in terms of that's a mouth I gotta
feed but it's not a kid I gotta make
sure it doesn't get hurt and for me it's
just like I don't know it's just one
more to take care of and I'm excited to
do it well this summer shot I'm actually
nervous the last pregnancy was kind of
hard and so you know it can be all right
oh my gosh that's so blatantly pregnant
oh yeah there's no question I think I
could punch it up face harder please
definitely do mine there we go that's
fun I'm excited this is exciting excited
you're pretty excited
you nervous I'm scared of death four
four four
go and trade one of them for the world
my arm is tired okay hmm oh don't close
up on man for took me crying
does it scary to be pregnant every time
I mean your first time your second time
like any day it's a little scary not
even scary but like I just know how hard
it is and so so it's just like I was
just a big deal but nobody does
pregnancies like Bonnie nobody finds a
she's a tough old bird she does though
nobody nobody just keeps going like bond
you just keep it going
newer cars and she's so cute when she's
pregnant has a belly no I'm so fat like
I don't want to get fat I don't want to
get fat like I get so big Bonnie thinks
her nose gets Bonnie thinks her nose
gets big but I never see it you know
what but here in one day my nose is
gonna be five times the size that it is
now do you know what I am so excited to
tell Olivia she's gonna be happy she's
what if it's a boy oh I don't mind you
there I want another girl
but I don't mind either way thing out of
my face you guys guess what we are on
our way to Grandma's to tell her a
surprise let me tell you what the
surprise is
mommy has a baby in her tummy you do
really do
it's you well I'm not going to tell you
that yes
can you believe that there is a teeny
look a moment there's a teeny tiny baby
in my tummy like what is which one you
don't know who it is yet can a mere baby
I don't know we don't know yet
I bet the girl you hope it's a girl and
I hope baby Henry you hope it's a boy
know what I hope is baby what do you
think nothing man are you excited by be
excited you're not gonna be the baby
anymore
but I can't be been here and have a
sister to the girl that's right
what are you thinking
you don't know
asking it though yeah you're thinking
about dragon
it felt baby you're thinking about baby
Henry
