hello there welcome to holding family
Christmas traditions today we're going
to be allowing the kids to draw each
other's names and give each other
presents so they can be happy Christmas
we may or may not have rigged this
election Lincoln will be getting code
easily where's the else did you put them
in there no they put it then they put
themselves in here how they open the
door
probably crawled underneath like mice I
think they both pulled all right you
guys come to sit on the rag come in sit
down
all right go first girl okay me hold on
you can't get your own name
there's two in there for you code oh my
word would you put your hand in and grab
the ball okay thank you you're busted oh
yeah that was not very smart of me no
you don't let me see what you're saying
that's his Lincoln you want Olivia and
who do you have Boston what does your
say yeah
yeah oh really and you don't have Olivia
you have Lincoln I've got this bag of
money right here I'm gonna look at you
okay you saved the bag of money I think
we've got like little bags of change
spread throughout our house and I have
the camera purposely on me and not in
this cupboard because it is do you have
a bag I got a nickname oh nice okay well
Joel gets the money cleared out I'll
tell you if you've been watching it for
a really long time you already know this
story so every year when John and I very
first got married we always just put our
change in like a designated area and it
Christmas time we had like no money to
go and buy because it gets a lot and you
have to buy it my parents or president
his parents are present a sibling on my
side food running I stood laying on his
side we drew names
it just gets expensive but you all know
how it goes Plus getting each other
present so every year we take our change
and we cash it in and we usually make a
bet I'm lose every time because I
underestimate how much money there
really is there we usually walk away
with like forty five dollars so this
year instead of us keeping it now that
we are older and are more established
we're gonna let our kids take this money
and buy each other they guess that's
what we'll use is this money right here
you got Lincoln whoa
you want to hold me or do you want me to
hold you do you guys realize that this
is one of the best days of the year
we're gonna go Christmas shopping and
that is very cool Joel tell her where
you got that little thing a guy on my
mission oh the dog Hugh he handmade
these he would spin these I've got like
four or five of them and they're my
party book he actually made me this one
my stereo idol
really he's like it's been waxed for
cereal it's really fun my guest for the
change what is that gonna be 40 I'm
gonna say $40 what I underestimate every
year and this year you're telling me 25
bucks do you like those earrings I put
these on in Boston goes none and love
your earrings okay so your guess is what
shoe time okay let's go get our kids in
the car you put that down let's go this
way
let's go this way that's for grandma's
grandpa's cousin our aunt and uncle's
you made that track what did you make it
with a shovel
a shovel Boston so cool good night
hurting the kids and getting him in the
car has been quite the chore let's go go
go
all right guys who's happy
we tired are you happy Lincoln I'm happy
are you happy busting are you tired koni
koni you're always tired it's because
you never go to bed at night well I'll
tell you guys what I am happy this is
the happiest I've been all year what are
you smiling at thanks Chester so oh
who's the green chappy
I told you be 45 bucks
exactly guessing is really paid off
I guess low this year because I needed
to let Bonnie win I love to watch you
walk away Olivia wait for me are you
excited or something yeah all right
that's good to it see what you think
Boston would like the best you have
Lincoln that will scare Lincoln today I
scared you
I have a feeling that Boston and Cody
are both gonna want to shop for
themselves rather than for who they're
responsible for that's your favorite you
want to get him that doggy doo when you
gotta go you gotta go
no not at me it's okay you picked up
four things that you think Boston might
like but now you have to think in your
mind and look at the things you picked
out and say what one do you think Boston
would like the most you okay you got a
pic what is that
Olivia wanna show Lincoln
it's a goat can you say goat did you
find your president code are you happy
with the president you found Olivia you
think she'll like it yeah I think so too
fund their dog hats they have a section
for dog hats and this is for sure that
Cody would love it too
but apparently he's like I'm not wearing
that okay put it on
I'll get him oh my gosh and when he was
wearing it he goes uncute did you see
that shouldn't acknowledge you
Boston is saying thank you we have to be
very strategic right now because we
can't let you guys see what the kids got
each other so if you guys want to see
what the kids got each other you're just
gonna have to wait for our next video
but yours gonna be a little difficult to
rap should I help you okay you cut right
there
Lincoln oh my goodness I get a lucky
chore of helping you wrap your present
to Kody I know he's gonna love it
do you think you'll be able to wrap it
all right you tomorrow at your way what
do you want Santa Claus to bring you do
you want Santa Claus to bring you a baby
Grinch that's not that's a lot of
Lincoln come here we can do not touch no
we can we can do no Lincoln you know
that thank you dear lady hey Samir
let me show you what Lincoln's gonna
give Cody this is for Cody from Lincoln
but this is an awesome wrapping job code
some slick scissor work but cool Boston
from oh yeah right here you get a
cover-up that corner
do you think you're a better rapper than
Santa Claus you think you're the worst
rapper the one you're the worst you guys
I think they're pretty good type of the
workers guess what they're already
covered up you'll never guess what it is
hey so write your name right here just
like your name tea like this one like a
tea like no like one line down there's
one across it you don't know how you
never see this one right here does I
could teeth line down the line yeah yep
and now and oh you know how to do it do
it oh and then yes
you guys can look at your presents to
each other but you can't open them don't
check it either you can shake up get
your present Lincoln anything to get
your present right Lincoln a good job
okay we have to keep a super close eye
on him does anyone have a guesses no
that's a dangerous game that's a
dangerous game let's not play that Hey
you kids are the cutest on Christmas Eve
we will open the ones from each other
they are going to make it this one do
you think you know what it is Kody what
a drone he thinks it
Lincoln khutba drone you shake it shake
it like a Polaroid picture don't tell
anybody
Boston hey no Lincoln No
okay things are getting a little
cray-cray around here yeah it's a brick
yes oh my gosh everyone's presents are
going to be brought by the time we open
them a happier most-pure time than we
exchanged presents between my siblings
it was like that's all we talked about
all night long it was like what color is
the present you got me what shape is the
prisoner what story did you go to to buy
it
look theme doesn't have what letter
doesn't start with and it was like oh we
all knew we all do exactly what we were
getting before we ever open a can and it
was amazing I like feel so giddy for my
kids like that was the best time of my
life I carry everything else in the vlog
I probably made it correctly but you
guys are watching this the day it goes
up is Christmas Day so we want to miss
you guys and I'm sorry we marry her
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas
okay Merry Christmas nice
