hey everybody welcome to my channel I
have had so many requests to do this
hair bow bun tutorial so let's go ahead
and I'll show you how I do it
first of all I place Olivia's hair up
into a pony I am going to be putting
hers up to the side but you can place it
wherever you want your boat to be now
she is five and so she her hair gets
messed up through the day quite easily
so I like to spray her hair with
hairspray as I use the comb to slick up
all the little stray hairs I like a firm
holding hairspray whichever works best
for you I take my pony and I wrap it
around her hair as tightly as it will go
when I get to the very last loop I pull
the tail of the pony tail towards
Olivia's face and I pull the pony
through just a little bit that way I can
create a little bun on the end of the
hair like you see here and then I fan
the bun out just a little bit if you
want your boat bigger you can pull more
hair through find the center of the bun
and separate it and pull the two sides
down then I'm going to bring the tail of
the pony back through the loops that I
created I secured a bobby pin on half of
the tail just to hold it in place I'm
not going to leave it there I split the
tail in half and I bring it underneath
the one side of the boat and I bobby pin
it underneath that way you won't be able
to see it so I do it on the side and
then I take the bobby pin out that I
placed earlier I bring the other end of
the tail underneath the bow place the
bobby pin in there and then I make sure
that those bobby pins are secure put
your fingers through one loop grab the
tail and you can use the side of the bow
to hide it and then I bobby pin the bow
to the head
and then I do the same thing on the
other side slip your fingers through the
loop that you made grab the end of your
tail that you bought you pinned
underneath and then hide it inside the
bow secure it down with a bobby pin and
you can use as many bobby pins as you
need and then I finish up with hairspray
because like I said she's five and she
makes a huge mess of her hair and so you
want to make sure the flyaways day so
this is the final product it's a simple
easy bow if you do get carried away with
bobby pins you can always take a bow and
hide them which usually I do so thank
you guys so much for watching and we
will see you guys in our next video bye
bye I hope you guys loved this video but
this last part by a girl of on it is
gonna be the boat and the pre bow has
dust and you'll want it uh look right
here perfect I think we got it
holy Hannah that was hard huh no it's
Doody pants oh my sick so anything you
want to tell everybody and I hope we
have a nice time and a nice holidays and
Merry Christmas honey the crew your
Christmas is past
I know yes is anymore no it's just start
over
oh you want to start over on the talking
ok um we have you let me go ahead and
start over
we hope you had a lovely day a lovely
happy Easter happy Easter Easter what oh
my gosh she's a green bird Oh
what's a creeper I did not know what is
it you don't know what you think I'm a
creeper I think it's really rude we
helped me having it see how it's really
hard isn't it
we have we hope you have a very nice day
in a very nice video bye guys
I think it's perfect
do you want to know at least you don't
have to take a selfie that's the hardest
part right
what and your selfie ha ha thank you for
being my model yeah yeah I have one kiss
stop soggy gonna be oh man you I think
we're late for school we gotta hurry up
and go yeah yeah really
oh my hey guys
