hey you good morning
what you doing it they're looking at
this no yeah it's kind of melting isn't
it
oh you're gonna help a lot perfect this
is very typical Olivia
so in the mornings when can you get out
of bed when your Sun comes up yes so I I
had to do something about the mornings
because I just don't like the random
kids getting up screaming like that's
just not my deal so in the mornings
Olivia and Cody Cody honey you guys have
to stay downstairs and you had to play
quietly until it Olivia
show me in my eyes were all band I don't
see me skills did you wake him up this
morning
Yeah right honey you need to let him
sleep until he wants to they usually
will play quietly downstairs until their
son comes let blood join a bite bite
bite okay here you go sit right here and
then they will come upstairs and get me
and we will start our day and for me
that is the best way to do it so that
mom is happy and it kind of teaches
these guys to sit quiet and do what
they're told in the morning so that's
pretty good and typically you will help
momma get ready
head got us busted through a car at Cody
that hurt Lots didn't it hit the head
was what wet okay so let me tell ya I
want you I'm gonna go get ready I want
you look you did a really good job on
these I want you to finish this whole
line and these ones right here can you
do that by yourself yeah okay and then
you finish coloring the book but I want
you to do the letters first okay can you
do that um no it's not okay Olivia put
your markers away
you cannot color until that's all the
way done I know
get it all the way down and when it's
done come bring it to me and then I'll
let you color okay everything is awesome
except for your homework skills
just kidding she's really good
look careful honey I think you're gonna
go that fast okay so you guys want to
pick out a movie and we'll watch one
movie maybe maybe you want to watch
Aladdin turn your dick spinning here
maybe we have a slight change of plans
we oh yeah I didn't know don't you what
was our change of plan are you pulling
Olivia
are you pulling good we are change of
plans was the kids are not getting along
and so I immediately turned the show off
which it first seems like a punishment
but it's so much better now because
they're like playing and having fun well
I don't know about Boston but the rest
of them are playing and having fun and
it's actually got a lame ride
hey Livia yeah is your favorite part of
the day combing your hair I don't know
about you guys but combing hair
is probably the worst part of both of
our days huh sweetheart we it's not our
favorite but you gotta do it right oh
sorry we're all tilted yeah it's
definitely not her favorite but we have
to do it I thought this was one of those
really good it's the wet brush comb my
feathers so dirty the wet brush comb I'm
not sure if it's one of those famous
ones that are real it's really good for
coming out here because it actually kind
of well it's okay it's okay it's not the
best I'm gonna keep trying some other
brushes cuz it's honestly a nightmare
combing Olivia's hair she hates it I
hate it and I'm a hair stylist like I'm
a hair stylist and I have a really hard
time coming at Olivia's hair it's just
you are you soft okay let's get your
hair done sweetie
yeah can you give her a hug
can you give her a hecka bite go give
Olivia hug goodbye oh that's such a good
brother
yes do you know that they miss me do you
know Olivia do you know that they miss
you when you go to school yes today's PE
we gotta wear our PE shoes hey let's go
get our shoes on thank you
male how's school I want to know what
you did in school today went to PE you
went to pee and get bullied things like
this yeah that is so fun
okay listen I found all of your ballet
stuff are you ready to go okay can I
please
like I don't what I wanna do this oh
honey
I'm gonna keep me I'm gonna put my
nylons on you skirt on and this and then
like not my ballet shoes but we can't
carry my own guys shoes put in my boots
perfect okay let's get dressed
we're here at Olivia's ballet practice
and I love that her ballet is held in
this like old building let's just walk
up these big huge steep stairs pretty
building ok let's go hang your coat up
your favorite thing is these little
teeny dressing rooms huh ok can you find
a place for your coat and your boots ok
ok do you see some other girls there hey
Olivia
are you nervous you're not you'll know
just what to do from last year right
let's go see your teacher
I'm just getting back from grandmas we
have to run some errands and so it's a
little bit later of a night and you are
too cold to change out of your ballet
outfit aren't you do you want to just
sleep in your ballet outfit okay turn
your son on so you know the night son
good night son and she knows not to get
out of bed until the Sun comes up huh
only if I need to go potty yep you can
go honey and you've got hangers okay
there's you run a new cell phone you're
so cool no I just put it scoot over it's
good over screw over not down over what
was your favorite part about today
getting food did grandma take us to
check her Ranma yeah I ate a huge meal
and I think I think everyone eats a
hundred million when they go to chuck
rama yeah okay can you say good night to
everybody good night
yep good night thanks for watching the
vlog and we will see you guys in our
next video bye bye bye bye bye
