hi guys today I am doing a video that I
have been wanting to do for a really
long time I am going to be doing a
review on a couple of Kat Von D products
that I've recently been trying and used
and have oh my gosh I've seriously loved
I'm going to be going over the Kat Von D
eyeshadow palette I'm also going to be
reviewing the locket Kat Von D
foundation this is the front of the
palette and when you open it there's a
mirror and then your colors this is my
favorite shade in the whole palette it's
this burnt orange color it's called
bedhead and I wear this color in my
crease and you it's very buildable and
you can see that it is so pigmented you
have to be careful with these because I
dab my brush just a tiny little bit in
these shadows and it goes on so
pigmented so honestly when you're using
these you have to be careful because
they are very very pigmented this next
color is called shadow box this gold
color I've used in a tutorial before it
is called disintegration
this next color is called vanish it's
just a really nude Sheen color I swear
the color says it's Blaney but I don't
even know what that like I don't even
it's not even a word I don't even know
but it's this silver color this next
color is a real taupe color it does not
have a sheen to it it is more matte and
it is called killing jar this color is
called summer fly it is a very dark kind
of a gunmetal color it does have a sheen
to it this next color is called Pepito I
think that's how you say it I don't know
but this is the only color in the
palette that has that chalky texture to
it it is not the easiest to blend but
it's kind of hard to find a really
really dark brown and I like this
because when I do smokey eyes I am not
comfortable putting black a lot on my
eyes I just feel like it's not pretty
sometimes when I see people with black
on their eyes it's beautiful especially
people with blue eyes but for me I just
don't feel like the black is very
flattering so I like to do my smoky eye
with a really dark brown and so this was
a really good shade for me and then last
but not least this color is rath and it
is just black
so the last three on top is this is a
it's a really yellow shade and it is
called tiny death Oh tiny death that's
the words before then this middle one is
called telepathy and it oh I just think
it's so pretty the very last shade up
top is called entomology it's kind of a
white kind of shadow it is pretty light
it's probably my least favorite it's
just kind of a boring color but it's
fine it's nice that it's in there
all-in-all I love this shadow I do not
regret buying it in the least and I'm
glad that my husband let me give it so
now on to the foundation I was a little
hesitant
at trying this and I'm not even sure why
I decided to try this but I am so happy
that I did because it works so good so
I've said before in a video of mine
before that I do not like taking my
foundation all the way up to my eyelash
line because I feel like that's too much
makeup in that soft fine area that I
feel like there's too much build-up and
normally I don't even take my foundation
up underneath my eyes I only put my
concealer but with this stuff I always
go and put just a little underneath my
eyes and it doesn't crease this stuff
does not crease and it almost works as a
corrector because the color is just I
don't know it blocks out that dark color
underneath my eyes and I I love it even
if I'm not gonna be wearing this as a
foundation I will still put this
underneath my eyes and then put my
concealer over top of it and it works so
well now many of you also know that I
have very red skin and this covers it
completely and I don't feel like this
wears off through the day just have such
a light color to it the color range in
these has very pink undertones and then
it also has very yellow tones and I just
thought right then and there none of
these are gonna work for me if they
don't have a good neutral then it's not
gonna work for me
and I actually I'm using the one that
has a little bit of a yellow undertone
this the shade I'm wearing is light 46
and it seems to work just fine for me I
actually really really love it so good
thing for you fair fair skinned girls
out there because they have a really
light shades and it goes all the way
down to the deeper shades and I feel
like the color range is very versatile
now this says that it is full coverage
which definitely is full coverage
24-hour wear transfer resistant now I
put this thing to the test during these
holiday seasons because I would
things that came up close by my face or
if I wanted my face of my neck to really
match I would come down on my neck and
it does not transfer on to your clothes
it doesn't transfer to your coats or
sweaters or scarves that is the one main
selling point for me on this is that it
is transfer resistant I love that and it
doesn't have it almost has a dewy look
almost almost but it just has a nice
healthy look to it but it doesn't have
any like I don't like when I touch my
foundation and like I can feel it on my
fingers I don't like that but I also
cannot wear the foundation that dries
and because then my face feels too dry
and my face feels too tight and so this
is that perfect medium it's a mousse
texture when it comes out and it kind of
dries to your face a little bit and but
it just it just dries really really
nicely I just love it is a matte finish
and it is a fragrance free fit not
finished it's not fragrance free finish
it has a matte finish fragrance free and
it is also oil free to me this is my
perfect foundation I hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did go ahead
and give it a thumbs up and I will see
you guys in my next video bye bye so how
you want to do it you won't jump right
into it hi Guys hi Guys hi guys
hi guys today I want to do a video it is
fake no it is sorry
