good morning everybody it joel has the
other two kids and me and Boston have
just been hanging out in his room he's
been playing with all of his toys and it
is just really fun when you're at when
you get one-on-one attention with some
of your kids and it just feels so good
to like sit with him he has been so cute
now he's like feeling a little
camera-shy he's just kind of sitting
here quietly but he was biting my toes I
was like okay anyway so this week's
video is going to be kind of a
compilation of just the fun highlights
of December because I had so much
footage and I only had a certain amount
of video to put it in and so I wanted to
share them with you so I'm just gonna
slap some music to it and show you the
fun stuff that maybe you missed out on
for the month of December why are you so
cute do you have a toy where's your toys
but are they over there
yeah want to go play with them hey want
to show me a toy Oh what you got there
and they always oh here mom oh I swear
he just said here mama
Oh Oh is she a ah
sheep yes that's not what it sounds like
she said hey this is a Q&A let's see
let's see what are the lion say was a
lion say oh that's a really soft lion
was it doc you say okay did you like a
cat
Boston Oh guys are so excited to be home
on your forehead good boy
yeah
my cousin Tambor feeding you uncle Josh
is letting you have all the Cheetos you
want in the world I know he's crazy
no six miles a day you took a terrible
nap say I don't care
my love
what wouldn't be possible
get that stuff shoved in there show me
what's in your bag ma'am no ma'am show
me anything you won't find out it's a
secret it's fine fine I'll show you us
in mind we have taco time and we're on
the way to the movie I'm so exhilarated
because I've never snuck through it into
the movies and shut up my god I'm like
oh my god don't look at me I'm not
breaking the law breaking the law we
spontaneously got a babysitter today and
we are rushing to the movies why is that
we're always late when we go to the
movies I'm not late I'm just like
there's an sinorix excitement so
exciting
that's how we feel we got in the truck
and we're like don't go you rub that I
oh yes you rub that I can you give
Olivia kiss Oh miss Hong Kong Oh Punk
I'm wrong and they can't even hug my
nose without rubbing my eyes so I may or
may not have just put the kids in their
pajamas because we are taking a family
nap that is one of my absolute favorite
things to do it's like 2:00 in the
afternoon and the kids are all in their
jammies I'm in my clothes
Joel's in his lounge clothes and we are
gianni cupcake and we are getting ready
to take our naps I mean this doesn't
really look like they're getting ready
to take their naps but we totally are
you just need us getting there are you
Nene of getting your wiggles out why
don't kids like their dad so much
professor one yeah well not reps you
just like to play okay maybe ruff I
never play with my kids like this kill
me he's like I want to be with mom don't
wish my baby hey hey Nino's me what's
your mouth full of ants eat chocolate
yeah hey hey hey hey hey guys we're
gonna close our blog for the week yes if
eyeball handstand hey where'd you learn
that nifty trick okay Cody you got to
say goodbye
hey goodbye everybody excuse me bye-bye
you just said it city okay I'll take
your word for it I hope everyone has a
very good beginning of their weekly
whiskas so rudely interrupted we hope
you guys have a very good week and we
will see you in our next vlog bye guys
bye I'd ever the nice time and I bet you
did I had really nice time yeah
