hi guys welcome to my channel today I am
just going to jump on in with the
tutorial we're doing the perfect look
for New Year's Eve and the first thing
we're going to do is take a piece of
tape and stick it right angled between
the bottom lash line and the tail of my
eyebrow I like to press the tape in nice
and firmly so that the color doesn't go
underneath the tape because then that
would just be pointless to even put the
tape on your face just like always I'm
going to be starting off using a crease
color I'm using saddle by Mac and I'm
sticking in the crease and a little bit
above I try not to go down below onto my
lid take your time blending this out is
actually more important than you would
think now I'm taking the silver color
from my Kat Von D palette and I'm going
to cover my entire eyelid with this if
you open your eye just a little you'll
see where your natural crease is that's
where I'm taking my line right up to and
I want to be pretty precise I want this
to be pretty clean-cut
a lot of times I will spend a lot of
time blending it out but in this case I
just want it a little bit more clean
then I'm gonna be taking the black from
the same palette and a pencil brush and
I'm just going to trace where my
eyeliner would be and then I'm gonna go
up into the crease with this black and I
went way too overboard and the thing
with black is you cannot undo what you
put on so be very careful and slow to
apply your black I added way too much
good grief I don't know what I was
thinking
so my eyelids gonna get pretty raw as I
start blending seriously you have to
blend the crap out of this and that's
why it's important to find a good black
one that is going to blend well I've
used the carbon from Mac and I don't
love it I really am not loving it so
this is another alternative that I had
and the only other alternative that I
had and I felt like it blended pretty
good as you blend you're going to be
taking that black away which is normal
and so you're gonna just have to blend
reapply the black blend reapply until
you get that fine line of blended yet
your distinct color on your eyelid now
the way you hold your brush is really
important see how I'm angling the
brushes down towards my eye if I had
them placed the opposite direction if I
had them angled up towards my eyebrow
you would be bringing that black color
all the way up to your eyebrow that is
not what you want I'm being very
particular where I place the black
because I don't want black all over my
eye I just want it concentrated on the
outer edge of my eye I'm gonna be taking
in lightening it's a pressed pigment
from Mac I did spray it with mac fix+
so I'm going to start on the inner
corner of my eye because that's where I
want most of the color I just pack that
color on on the inner corner and then I
feather it out as I go and then I just
take the same blending brush that I've
been using and I make sure that it's
blended slightly I don't want it too
blended I do want that distinction where
the colors are but I do go in and just
blend it just a little bit I have never
applied eyeliner with tape on and I just
wanted to give it a try and I actually
didn't mind it too much so I just
applied my eyeliner the way I normally
do and I wanted to keep the line pretty
thin on the inner corner and I didn't
even go too crazy on the outer corner it
does look a little bit like it but once
I take the tape off you'll see that it's
not too crazy I just make sure that I
fill in all the little gaps so there's
no skin showing and oh that feels so
good to take the tape off oh it feels so
good to take off it was driving me nuts
and you can see how crisp and clean that
looks and that's the look I wanted
especially using black so I did take a
q-tip and I clean up all the fallout
really well underneath my eye and then
using a pencil brush I'm just smudging a
little bit of black on the outer bottom
lash line and I didn't want it to be too
harsh so using the same color that I had
in my crease I'm smudging that along the
bottom lash line and kind of blending
out the black that I just applied
and then voila I applied the rest of my
foundation and doesn't that make the
world of difference I applied false
lashes I used House of lashes iconic
they are one of my faves and I had a
hard time deciding which lip color I
wanted to use right now I'm applying
it's a NYX lip liner it is in the color
nude pink and then I applied angel MAC
lipstick over the top and then for
Christmas I got the new Gerard cosmetics
butter cream lip gloss and I have to say
I am definitely not disappointed and I
couldn't decide which one I liked better
if I liked the pink or if I wanted a
dark red lipstick so I'm going to show
you a second option leave me a comment
in the comments below which color you
prefer do you like the pink or do you
like this dark red it's two totally
different looks so let me know which one
you like better and maybe I'll use your
advice on New Year's Eve so this is the
final look I hope you guys enjoyed this
video thank you so much for watching I
love making these videos for you guys
and I will see you in my next video bye
bye
