all right sister are you finally ready
to make cookies I take that as a yes I
am NOT gonna lie this morning has been
hmm just a hairy stressful I wanted to
rent well let me start over
red got all of the stuff to make cookies
and so we have been excited one Inuk
he's been wanted to make those kind
hands so red brought us all the stuff to
make cookies and so we were gonna make
cookies but I told the kids I said I
have to get ready first because if I
don't get ready then I'm not gonna have
time before daddy gets home from work
and I wanted to be nice and ready from a
man so I got up and I got ready and the
kids screamed the entire time they
bumped heads they had snot running down
their faces they were just a hot mess
weren't you guys yes yes you do but I
finally got ready I am ready
so now Joel will be home this afternoon
when the kids wake up from their naps so
until then we are going to make cookies
and then we're going to spend the rest
of the day with Daddy aren't we oh
that's what Santa says what does mrs.
Claus say did you guys get your cookies
out and you're a Angela so Oh
we'll get him a drinking milk - these
are Santa's cookies when they're up out
of the way so boss and can't give him an
Oreo growing up
Joel always read the Christmas story in
the Bible Christmas morning and we just
couldn't do that I couldn't just do that
whatever you we would this is my
Christmas mornings this is how Christmas
went growing up as I remember you get up
you have to walk past the Christmas and
all the rebels out to go deliver our 200
newspapers number but I help the family
then you would come back and we would
read the nativity and in the family
Bible that's huge miss and then we would
say a family
and then mom open the first present that
was that was that was ritual that was
demonstrated at MIT is and that's the
one tradition that I love my look
anything like that so we always just
woke up but snuck into the presence
really a merry and pippin opened our
presents
so for we decided that for us on
Christmas Eve
we're gonna read the story in the Bible
lifto and on Christmas Eve we open
presents from grandmas and grandpas and
cousins and stuff like that and then
tomorrow for Christmas we're gonna open
Santa Clauses prison
Christmas to me has always been
extremely special and magical and there
are two different sides to Christmas
that makes me really feel you know the
Christmas spirit I love watching my
children open Christmas presents I love
giving Christmas presents to my spouse
and my group my parents and especially
to my children is so fun watching them
open presents and be excited and be
happy and everything that comes along
with Christmas the store decorations and
all the pretty decorations and the table
settings I just think all of that is
really magical but on the other side of
Christmas spirit I think there truly is
a Christmas spirit and that's Christ's
spirit and I really do believe that we
celebrate Christmas because Jesus was
born on Christmas Day and I really know
that all of our happiness that we have
in this world is truly because of our
Savior and it's hard to even talk about
without getting choked up because our
lives are so good and our lives are so
happy not one of us goes through life
without trials we all go through
difficult times we all go through rough
patches in our life and some a lot more
than others and I do know that even
through those rough patches the Savior
spirit is with us and it's him that gets
us through it all and it's him that
makes our trials bearable and it's him
that brings so much joy into our lives
and for that I am so grateful I think I
think Bonnie's right I think I think
Christmas now as an adult
is almost better and then when I was a
kid and I had wonderful Christmases
growing up as a kid my parents just gave
us such nice not only nice presents but
they gave us such nice feelings and
memories that although I will always
have but as an adult I got to see the
joy of my children opening Christmas but
the other side of that is as an adult I
truly understand what Christmas is about
Christmas is about my Savior it's about
the birth of my eternal advocate and and
the wonderful gift that he has given us
and that is our immortality and eternal
life and and I know that that's through
my Savior Jesus Christ and so while
Christmas may not be his exact birthday
I'm grateful to celebrate his birth and
his life and and the way that he lived
so that we me and my family and my
children can have eternal life together
not just this mortal life an eternal
eternal living and that's that's that's
the beauty of Christmas to me now as an
adult it's just so much more fulfilling
so something that has made this year I
think not stand out but sometimes I
think has made this year really nice is
Joel and I both made an effort to be
extra selfless with each other and we
have honestly gone through some pretty
rough patches and I think what has
changed and helped us get out of that
little rut is being kind to one another
even we don't want to be kind to each
other we try our very best
and I know that joel has put my knees
above his on and I know that I have
tried to put Joel's needs above my own
and it has trickled down to the children
so being kind to each other being
selfless with each other have made our
marriage better it's made us happier and
therefore we're better with our children
and I know that we want to continue
doing that we want to continue to be
good to each other so that we can be
happy because if Joel's not happy I'm
not happy if I'm not happy Joel's not
happy well I think I think that's a
something I think about all the time
when Bonnie and I've had struggles or
hard times or whatnot is there are
certain circumstances that can make make
or break a marriage - but us working
through and then taking the time to
think of each other first and all that
we do has made our marriage just so
happy that's nobody's marriage is
perfect and Bonnie and I still argue
sometimes about little dumb things or
whatnot but but it's definitely made me
appreciate especially this Christmas
made me appreciate my family and made me
appreciate my wife and want to to try to
be better and do better every day for
their sake and and that and in doing so
it improves me and and it's made me I
think a better husband for Bonnie and I
think that's one thing to always keep in
mind is to just put someone else's needs
in front of yours and you'll if you if
you serve somebody you will love them so
much more agreed it's good advice I
should write that down so from our
family to yours we want to wish you a
very Merry Christmas
that is such a cute robot you little
sneak yeah yeah yeah I won't take it I
won't take it you look so sweet oh honey
what Joe help him rip that open Odie
it's a nerf gun your face
oh that look what do I do this
ash are Boston is that good you took a
bite what did you take a bite oh you
took a bite of the gingerbread man is
that good that good you guys can I bet
we could have whatever we wanted did you
bad man this is so fun you just help
yourself little man let's go finish
opening your presents here you go dear
Oh
oh yeah this is can go in the bath I
think
I don't understand how this is like it's
a little tight in here
oh my gosh
do you see this people do you see this
hey here so happy this has been the
perfect Christmas we have spent the last
two and a half hours maybe three hours
down in the basement hunker down lights
down low watching all the new movies
that the kids got playing with the new
toys
I think Joel and I were like passed out
on the couch together and look at the
beautiful smell oh my gosh we were
praying for a white Christmas all joel
has wanted to do is get this stinking
four-wheeler running so we can take the
kids out on their sled and if you can't
tell they are ready who's ready
it was that was it
carburetor
it's a Christmas miracle Boston is
taking a little now so I think we're
just gonna run up and down the streets
and just enjoy it all my goodness we're
having so much fun you ready yeah Tony
boy are you ready mm-hmm okay you kids
hold on tight
oh my gosh ladies tree they're beautiful
it is a winter wonderland out here
youie the snow how do you eat the snow
earlier these kids all ate they're
obsessed with snowball fight fragile
taggers whore as you can know just
didn't our dad get him yeah
wore like a neat way
hey I'm in magic yeah oh but yeah I
think you call this no face bump 1 2 3
Oh Joel I don't plan on cleaning this
mess up for like 5 days what you do when
I gotta work it's Christmas night we
played hard today in the snow we
probably played in the snow for two and
a half hours today probably three and a
half I might be exaggerating for cofee
yeah or five or we actually took a
little nap and watched a movie with all
the kids in the basement before we went
out and played in the snow played in the
snow for two and a half hours came in
watched another two movies and kind of
napped and hung out did whatever we just
got back from Ellie and Jared's placing
what they got for Christmas and that was
really fun and now it's bedtime
you guys can you believe the
anticipation of Christmas is now over
well I think that this is the perfect
night to end our vlog Merry Christmas
and Happy New Year everybody had a
really nice time we had a really nice
time Oh
