hey Cody what I see red jump-scare yes
dinky dot I know I came about you early
is this us yes me yes
you want this to make cupcakes you know
what tonight Santa Claus is coming and
what do we need to leave Santa Claus oh
yeah Claridge carrots for the reindeer
oh and guess what what I bet we could
make him a snow glove I like a mitten
cookie you could wear a snowflake cookie
and the elf we could make you your
friend some like you can make you knock
this thing funny friend and this one for
only yourself nah bro the other kids
this one and look look hey do you think
we should decorate yeah - Nick Frost is
yours okay I get back I can't kick you
get that way yeah you guys Santa Claus
is coming tonight
oh um hello am I the only one excited or
you just occupied over something update
sure yeah I'll get your big drink this
is the last time we're gonna see red
he's going to go home what's your
favorite one that red did I can hit why
the zipline was your favorite what was
your favorite this one this was the
favorite thing that red has done um
this kind you like making stuff don't
check what you're a good helper in the
kitchen joining up my favorite one was
yeah my favorite one was I think my
favorite one was when he flew off the
fan because even though these guys
recording couldn't hear or see what was
going on it was hilarious when he flew
off the fan because it wasn't planned it
wasn't anything it was just a hilarious
we ages us nothing you under a snow foot
first love smells like cinnamon snow
okay well you know what guys
yes did he get out our aprons how did
you know that Matt wait a minute did you
get in my closet when I was asleep I'll
be hit tiptoed my gosh it feels so
violated well you know what I said we
get started yeah let's get started and
make these cookies I think you miss the
Jedi our mom's sugar cookies the best
because they are even think I'm a girly
we have tried a million recipes and this
is the best one what yes it is Coney yes
it's Christmas No
look at mommy it's Christmas and you
know who's coming tonight
Santa is coming to night tonight I
literally cannot believe that Santa
Claus is coming tonight
can you yeah I can't wait I bet she was
gonna give him
I want that present I bet he helped make
our presents yeah
Cody do you think that red helped make
our presents I bet he did and I bet he
put in a really good word for you kids
cuz you know what you know the naughty
and nice list
I think Santa Claus goes easy on us you
know why because He loves us and he
knows that we're good it's just really
easy to be bad huh yeah
that's mad I know but you know what I
bet were a okay oh my gosh now Boston
he's awake and he hears us out here and
he wants us to come get him
yeah let's go get him real quick and
then whoa should we let Boston help make
cookies uh here's know how how long he's
in jail you me a piece of dough to make
okay let's go get Boston and then we'll
come in and get breakfast and make
cookies - oh you sweet angel pop I know
you sweet angel are your legs asleep or
what the morning you sweet angel there
we go
here we go should we go I love you
Oh
