okay bye Stan can you get warm let's get
warm before we go in there can you put
your hands by the fire oh yes oh boy
we're going to another
which the lower head manoomin to us
as your Spanish
well even though we're just about frozen
did you guys have fun
Cody you are such a faker I wanna I
wanna know Cody Clark I want to know
what was your favorite part
seeing baby Jesus over yeah how was your
favorite part the candle yeah you like
to marry her I had a hard time I had a
hard time getting Olivia to leave she
just wanted to stay and look at it did
you have fun oh of course you took the
kids on a hayride yeah he was too dark
for his way to dr. record but they had a
hayride that they pulled with horses his
Boston bacon enough no busting really is
tired
and Cody's totally faking it
hey Viper Unni you're making it we are
on our way to Morgan to visit Joel's
grandma Carrigan we love grandma
Carrigan doughy
Ruby cherien Joel's grandma's name is
Ruby my grandma's name was Ruby Lenore
and my sister's name is Ruby so we love
that name don't we it's got a good ring
to it it's got a good little ring to it
so for Christmas all growing up Joel
they would go visit grandma Kerrigan on
Christmas Day and for a while we used to
go down and visit our parents on
Christmas Day and the more kids that we
get older we get it's almost like we
want to stay home ourselves for
Christmas for me growing up we always
stay at home we didn't go anywhere on
Christmas Day we just hung out all day
ate food
I don't know so it has been a little bit
of a transition because Joel lights
going to his grandma's I like staying
home and so first couple of years we
traveled on Christmas sometimes we spend
the night Christmas Eve but I think that
we enjoy staying home a little bit
definitely on Christmas Eve we stayed
home but anyway we cannot bend for
Christmas seas
and without visiting grandma at least so
we usually try to make it up the week
before Christmas to go visit her just to
say hi take her a treat yeah we're going
to go pick her up a tree somewhere yummy
we are at Taggarts grill and they have
this theme of peacocks here what longer
they have this theme of peacocks here
because they literally have wild
peacocks they'll just kind of travel
around the property it's really kind of
cool anyway um we need to pick something
out for Grandma and of course we're
going to pick something out for us and
look at these little are so stinking
cute anyway Jules can order a falcon not
hurry
finally pulling up and what did you say
what he called his grandma she didn't
answer so we're hoping that she's here
doesn't have a driver's license I don't
know where the heck she'd go I can't
walk very far it doesn't it doesn't even
matter even if grandma is not here I
want to see her face she's not just the
drive-thru Morgan is wonderful and just
surprising her with a little little
cheesecake on her doorstep yeah is it's
just the sweetest thing ever she's -
she's just so cute she's so cute well I
hope she's here but she wasn't last cup
last night cake no pinching no pinching
so either last year or two years ago we
showed up and she wasn't here so we
waited around for a couple hours when
saw one of his aunt's in anyway when she
got home they were here with a with a
live Christmas tree and so we stuck
around and helped her set it up and
helped her Hank ornament this is grandma
Kerrigan's house and Joel's favorite
color is light green because he said he
loved seeing this house growing up are
you kidding me where it's gone now hello
hi how are you how are you we got you
Trish parakarry game I can't we got you
a treat oh thank you about a treat for
you too you do yeah
here's grandma's real tree Joel come
show me a picture of you on here that's
my brother Jared
so that's your brother Jared looks just
like ants yeah
oh that's daddy right whoops whoops
whoops pick it up put it on the trees
it's not glass
do you see that oh my goodness is being
a grandma's house so fun yeah it sure is
what are you into are you guys eating
all of grandmas chocolates help him get
one has it helped him to get one look
there you go
it's okay oh my goodness
hey you're gonna be sick you like those
do you like those uh-huh you nod your
head yes how do you know to nod your
head yes oh I'm glad you okay but I'm
glad Diane brought my finger okay pastor
I love you grandma thanks for letting us
come sure love ya bye rectory yes yes
and you eat all of that don't share that
with anybody you don't share that with
anybody
okay that's your treat all right you
have been around this house everywhere
are those grandmas eyedrops are those
grandma's eyedrops you're crazy
we have a baby on the loose we gotta go
find him we'll see you we'll see you
next
okay bye have a nice Christmas
yeah won't fix your opal the boss Papa
he's going outside I'll fix it don't go
oh you can't have that run Boston you
want into everything today dude you just
ran this house didn't share one outside
 yeah
Boston you just think you are the man
don't J you better get him before he get
to the road I gotta scoop ice much daddy
come on Cody Park
hi he's my mom yeah you brought me
leftovers well we brought you a treat
from taggers tagar we went and saw
grandma Kerrigan and we're gonna go over
and see grandma howleen and we thought
we just gotta get a extra treat from
Taggarts I know let's see let's see
let's see an extra treat from Taggert
you got a knife we're going to do oh
yeah yeah thanks did you have like a $6
I was coming to say hi
I can't see a thing all those bright
lights in my eyes but what was it up the
ante oh if you look up close at Cody's
face you can see smeared chocolate where
they have a chocolate and a flashlight
from Grandma Carrigan chocolate ah why
any job of the city you come back on
Saturday for our party okay okay we'll
be here to see you saturday okay bye bye
not gonna get a flash letter chocolate I
think we'll give you guys just rocks
daddy they're fun you candy them you can
put any duck season you can put them in
your shoes you can have it for breakfast
rocks like granite Kerrigan you did not
do they want to see the train Boston did
you have fun today Boston did you have
fun today
well your face is go top it joining tell
grandma about grant uh grandkids to my
cheek and what so what did we talk about
we talked about not today but when
they're the one when she turned 16 she
can kiss grant you gotta wait till
you're 40 to 42 hey where you kiss
anybody you gotta wait till you're 40
kiss me when she was 25 never ever ever
what sweetie go say goodbye to Grandma
and tell her thank you for bringing us
to dinner
he looked oh thank you if you're welcome
I love you
please fifty bucks in gas I'll take that
over eighty you want to go for a drive
well I think we're going to end the vlog
right now because I guarantee that these
guys are going to be asleep in like a
minute as we start driving so I think
today was a really nice day visiting all
of our grandparents and saying Merry
Christmas we'll see you guys in our next
vlog
bye
