good morning you guys if you are
watching this the day that it goes up it
is Friday the Friday before Christmas
which is very very exciting I went and
did something very Christmassy I went
and bought the Hickory Farms it is my
absolute favorite I don't usually eat
very much of the sausage because I don't
think it's very good but my favorite
thing is the smoked cheddar blend know
what that one's my favorite yeah and uh
and another duh is ground cloves sha I
have reserved today as cooking day I had
a business phone call this morning I had
oh I went grocery shopping spent a lot
of money got all of that put away and
now it is quiet time and I called Boston
that I needed to focus in the kitchen
for just look at us he can come up and
help me in a minute but using the
outside playing in the snow and so for
now I'm like preparing the kitchen for
cooking in the kitchen now I'm gonna
tell you guys what usually happens
around here is I fourth this stuff and
I'm like oh we only give it once a year
so we can't eat it and then months after
Christmas it's sitting in the cupboard
and ever has had so much of it at other
people's places or whatever it were
leftover with like a whole bunch of
leftovers and it just doesn't get eaten
and it's okay so Bonnie we're doing
things a little different this year
we're busting it out right now so the
kids can have a really
fun after-school snack and a punchy
through the day on it and if he hears if
it's gone before Christmas we bought it
to enjoy during the Christmas holidays
cut it open enjoy it that's what we're
doing really feeling like mother of the
year right now with the after-school
snack prepared in advance
and it's not a PB&J so how was your guys
at school Cody are you so tired why I
see I had the single play cuz we stayed
up a little bit late and went to the
play and because when we got home last
night you literally laid in your bed and
sing you wouldn't go to sleep yeah
that's how a school good you guys ate
all the oranges you good thing we have
our school break when you guys are
finished do you want a cookie yeah you
guys seriously mother of the year for
tonight only for today only okay take
one and then we're gonna make a whole
bunch and we're gonna stick them in the
freezer seriously guys this is today
only Oh perfect timing would you like a
cookie that your wife just made I love
that every day just feels like this
today only sorry one day a year that's
all you get weekend a year yep okay I
made a double batch because I like to
roll these in balls and put them in
plastic back then you can freeze the
dough in balls and so then on Christmas
Eve like whatever day we want them we
can just make them and they're fresh in
one meal okay you bring your chair over
here Olivia if you will scoop up notes
see that's way too much so scoop it up
and drag the edge over like like that
see and even if it's not 100% full
that's okay so you do that and you hand
it to
we're all there yes okay and then you
roll it in the sugar so drop it in the
sugar roll it around and then make a
rope it make
yep that's plenty plenty so stick it up
and then we'll make a row and then leak
plenty of room to close so screwed it
down just a little bit because there no
like down here cuz they're gonna flatten
yep there you go and then make two rows
girl good job yeah we're gonna have tons
I'm gonna freeze a whole bunch good job
seeing then you'll have room for one
more right there like right there of
course you do why it's hard isn't it
here straight spot you're not as tall as
Olivia are you don't know no see how
there's nothing in there okay scoop it
up so it's full oh boy okay Wow yes what
it's okay if you want to just make it
kind of in football yep that's perfect
it doesn't have to be perfect I don't
know how to make them fluffy I put them
in the oven in a bowl just like this and
when they came out of the oven they're
like paper thin but they taste amazing I
wish I knew how to make them like it's
okay it's okay if it's not just go ahead
and do it and see you don't have to roll
it into a ball you can just make it not
perfect if you don't want to drop music
did you get a taste of a cookie or do
you want crackers hey I'm talking to you
mister I picked up my own outfit today
I already know you don't like that you
spit it out
he put that on his cheese and then he
spit it out I guess we'll see what
happens
wow you're really good at that good job
Lincoln not like you care you're not
even pay attention to me do you like
this right here is that Yankee or yummy
it's yucky then why did you get it out
you already knew you were gonna hate it
you want to taste of that cookie won't
taste of it yeah I know how you like it
I am so bad you know now that there's
snow on the ground can Santa come what
else do you think everyone should put it
in the comments wait
or you get your snow angel make sense
but okay are you just making all sorts
of sandwiches that you're not gonna eat
should we give that one to Daddy he
likes those we go through that to Daddy
with all this snow out here we have to
get the kids whoa dressed and ready in
their snow gear you're too young for
that I'm knowing I'm looking at focus on
your head
Olivia look you're gonna wear your new
hat
I need the one that Cody got last time
okay when there is got your thumb yeah
and Olivia's the news I wanted
because you have to go potty what was
the one thing I said to do before you
and played in the snow honey every time
kids with their snow clothes on I say
no potty boy we're so close I said I
know where to the potty you dancing liar
I wanted to yeah I wanted to like record
this beautiful whistle and that's not
gonna happen
I am very prepared right what is Boxton
I just realized where's Austin stinker I
told him that I didn't want them
watching TV and he's down there sneaking
it anyway I'm getting this ready for the
kids because I know they're gonna come
in a freezing mess and this is like
their favorite so here we go
and you know I'm just carrying on with
the theme of mother of the year for the
day speaking up here's all the orange
play you wanted to make potpourri on it
never seriously pretended ziplock bag
and keep it for me and next year when I
decided to be mother of the year again
I'll pull it right back out Oh what
they're doing yep that's what they're
doing
no jinx stop the snowflakes from your
hair are starting to melt I'll trade you
here's your tomato soup I'll take your
cup you keep your spoon perfect
yeah that's how you need it best you can
do however you want me playing the piano
Wow
I'm cleaning up dinner Julia's gone
doing some teachings away I'm not even
showing what I'm doing I know we're
gonna close it up because we're getting
ready for bed all the boys are bathed
except you you didn't need one okay
let's all go downstairs Lincoln I found
your whistle okay you know what stop
that we have winter clothes drying this
is all the way picked up this is like my
nightly ritual what I do the evening is
picked up after I am NOT gonna do my
dishes because I would rather go watch a
movie with the kids Joel is gonna be
annoyed with me because I just left my
garbage on the patio instead of taking
it all the way to the garbage can who
hates when I do that but I also hate
taking the garbage can all the way out
to the garbage so yeah it looks pretty
good down here
who is that how come you keep scowling
at me
you guys might tell me what movie we're
watching we're not watching that you
want to watch elf Boston which one do
you wanna watch elf Olivia you want to
watch elf
okay Lincoln look right here Lincoln
which one do you want to watch you
cannot buy us his opinion pickup movie
you want to watch Elle Cody it's three
against I'll say to tell you what code
you get and watch this one tomorrow
well watch this one we will we're gonna
watch all of them this week but tonight
we're gonna watch else sorry okay go sit
on the couch
we're gonna watch elf and we're gonna
call it a night thank you guys for
watching please click on the Bell
notification I don't think anyone is
being notified of our videos if you want
to stay in tune please click that Bell
notification and we'll see you guys
tomorrow ice
