I'm up on the toilet and won't get our
teeth brushed Olivia I have a washcloth
and then shall I you're getting it in
sure yeah you know what his plastic on
his face
where's her shower
oh I think he has a shower cap on yeah
keeping dad took a shower with him in
here you even saw him I bet dad didn't
even notice him up there we should ask
him when he gets home
well maybe he's gonna get ready while we
get ready cuz me I'm hurrying get ready
yeah I think she know you think he's
gonna sneak on the toilet while we go to
church maybe maybe if he needs to huh
shout dead dude he got up early
he's already gone and then he took chat
with the elf
I don't know you're gonna have to ask
him when he gets home maybe he didn't
even know he was up there or maybe
Olivia maybe the elf flew in here when
you daddy left maybe I don't know we'll
have to ask daddy look at it from your
phone again
okay remove it ready queue who truly
ready yeah yeah
who are you balancing whoa whoa if you
hit something with that huge gun I'm
gonna be mad yeah you'd better not crazy
boy
