welcome back to my channel everybody I
am excited to do this tutorial today
because I think that it can apply to so
many different people this is a very
classic look that I wanted to do today
it's very simple I keep my makeup on my
eyes very simple on my skin very simple
it doesn't mean there's not a lot of it
but it's simple I wanted to do a holiday
look that can easily be achieved and
this look really can be achieved very
easily I feel like I could glam this
look up or I could play it down a little
bit I would feel very comfortable
wearing this to church on Sundays I
would feel very comfortable wearing this
to a party I feel like this is one of
the most versatile looks that you could
possibly wear I don't feel like it is
over the top I don't feel like it
definitely I don't feel like it's a
boring look but it is very easy and
simple to achieve so let's go ahead and
get started and I will show you how I
achieved this look I'm going to be
starting with my foundation this is a
new foundation that I've been using and
I absolutely love it it is the Kat Von D
foundation and when I do a bold lip I
like to have as flawless of a canvas as
possible so that nothing else is really
noticed other than my bright lips so
I'll just make sure to take extra time
in making sure that my skin is nice and
flawless by using a full coverage
foundation once I have all of my
foundation on I am going to go
underneath my eyes and conceal them with
concealer and also I will be covering my
eyelids and I am using my damp micro
blender and it's it's just the same as
the Beauty Blender but it's microbe they
do have an in-between one that's the
mini and I almost wonder if I need the
mini one instead of the micro one but
I'm torn because it fits right
underneath in my eyes perfectly but I
feel like I can't hold it coz it is so
tiny but I love it I really do and I use
it every single time I put my concealer
on so I know I love it I just I don't
know it's
it's kind of hard to get used to holding
it I guess and look at the difference
even just with only concealer on I just
feel like this one is just I feel like
I'm awake and fresh and this one just
looks so much not now I don't want just
the underneath of my eyes to be the only
thing highlighted on my face so I'll
take my same concealer and I'll place
just a little bit on my chin a little
bit down the center in my nose and maybe
in between my eyebrows and I find when I
am going to be wearing a bold lip or a
red lip I get washed out really easy
especially with all this really light
product that I've just put on so I do
like to put on a fair share of the
bronzer I just use a fluffy brush and I
just try to blend it going in circular
motions and I always start with my
forehead I do not want there to be any
lines where I'm putting my powders and
so I just kind of I stick to the
perimeter but I also just buff it in
with the other colors that I've done as
well you don't want to just coat your
brush with bronzer that was kind of hard
to say I actually got it out you don't
want to just poke your brush with
bronzer you want to just do a little bit
at a time and build it so that you don't
have like big patches of color it's
harder to blend and I've done that a
million times so I've learned my lesson
now in the past I have used a bronzer to
contour with and I just did not love the
way that it looked I didn't like the
color and it just wasn't natural when I
had a line it didn't look like a shadow
it looked like orangie and so I did a
little research and I recently bought a
contour color now this is not a bronzer
it's an actual contour color this is by
Mac and the name of it is sculpt and it
looks like a bronzer like it looks just
like a normal brown but it has gray
undertones and so it actually looks like
shadow on your face and if it doesn't
look very dark at all night when I first
got it I thought
this is not going to be a very good
contour color but actually it works
really well I don't know it goes it goes
on much better than you would think and
I feel like it does a really good job
contouring and I mostly just use this
for under my cheekbones so I used the
bronzer to warm up my face and now I'm
going to be a little more structured
with my sculpting powder and kind of
sculpt up my cheekbones I'm also gonna
take it just on the sides of my nose and
I do color down the side of my nose not
even necessarily because I feel like I
need to contour my nose but because I
like to add a little bit of color to the
center of my face because you can see
that I take the bronzer and the contour
along the outside of my face and leave
the inside highlighted and bright and I
just feel like it breaks it up a little
bit having that color on my nose so it's
not that I need to contour my nose I
just like some color on my nose and now
before I do my blush so I've got my
contour and I want to put my highlight
on before I put my blush on that way the
blush can kind of blend everything
together at least that's what I think in
my head I don't know so when I put my
highlight on I like to start kind of
below the temple the tail of my eyebrow
and I go down my cheekbone until about
the center of my eyeball and sometimes a
little bit lower it just depends on how
shimmery I want to be and this
highlighter I love because you really
don't see it on you unless you're like
unless you catch the light just right or
you're outside in the Sun or if you're
at a party and the lights are hitting
you just right and I talk like party as
if I'm going to all these parties I
think that'll only parties that I go to
or like my family Christmas parties but
hey I still want to look really good
and I did do a video on eyebrows with
Ellie on her channel a while ago it's
actually a really good tutorial it was
the first one I had ever done so I was a
little nervous I am planning on doing my
own eyebrow tutorial I just haven't done
it yet so if you want to see how I did
my eyebrows go check that video out I
will have the link down below so after I
filled in my eyebrows I wiped my lips
off with a q-tip dipped in Vaseline so
that it would clean off all the
concealer and that way it would prep my
lips for lipstick by moisturizing them
so I'm going to be taking a vanilla
really light shade anything that you
have will work that's just super light
and I'm going to sweep it across my
entire eyelid using the same highlighter
that I did on the top of my cheeks I'm
going to highlight the inner corner of
my tear duct and my brow bone and then
also taking the same bronzer that I use
to bronze my face I'm going to place
that in my crease and I'm focusing it
mostly on the outside of my eye but I
just kind of go everywhere I just kind
of buff it in everywhere I have a really
hard time knowing what kind of blush to
wear when I'm doing red lipstick and
I've seen people use anything from pink
to kind of a burgundy color the one I'm
using is called warm sole and it's just
kind of this burgundy ish has a trace of
gold in there I don't know it's just
this color and it seems to work really
well with my red lipstick but you really
can use just anything kind of neutrally
now everything up to this point with my
makeup has been very soft very clean and
I like that that's how everything is
next I'm going to be doing my eyeliner
and my false lashes I'm not gonna do it
on camera if you want to see how to do
it you can click the links below
so here are my eyes with the eyeliner
and the eyelash is complete I personally
like my eyes without any bottom mask
a lot of times I will put at least the
same creased color on my bottom lash
line but I kind of just prefer nothing
on the bottom to each their own and you
know your face best so do what looks
best for your face now moving on to the
star of our show our red lips you can
take any red lipstick I have several
from the drugstore this is the Ruby whoo
by Mac it's a pretty popular red
lipstick it has blue undertones and so
it makes your teeth appear whiter and
the one thing the one thing that I wish
about this lipstick is that it wasn't
matte it is very hard for me to where
I'm at lipsticks but into the drugstore
and I bought this Rimmel lip lacquer
their lip lacquers are very pigmented
especially for only being around five
dollars I really like these and I
actually found this going through
Ellie's purse and I used it and I went
right to the store and bought it after I
used hers oh okay I was trying to
attempt to do this without doing my lip
liner first and it's a little crucial so
I am going to line my lips with a red
lip liner first if I know that I'm gonna
be wearing a bold color of lipstick I
will that morning when I'm brushing my
teeth I'll dip it in baking soda I'll
brush my teeth when I'm finished with my
toothpaste
I will polish my teeth with baking soda
and I feel like that kind of brightens
my teeth a little bit and helps keep
them white so here are my lips with the
matte color and before I absolutely
suffocate I am going to put a little bit
of this Rimmel lip lacquer on just to
show you the two different options so
you can either use this one or you can
have it with some gloss so here is the
final look and even though I am wearing
the most red lip you could possibly find
I don't feel like this is too
over-the-top like I feel like I could
wear
to a family party or out to a more
glamorous party I don't have any
glamorous parties to go to but if I did
this might be a look that I would be
sporting I hope you enjoyed this video
if you did go ahead and give it a thumbs
up and leave me any comments that you
have what you think about the look down
below I will see you guys in my next
video bye bye
just a pretty glow to the seriously how
do people take pictures of their lips I
hate trying to take these stupid selfies
who calls them selfies believe it Sophie
sounds harder I feel like this is the
most versatile versatile versatile I
feel
