sure are you sporting your jammies
Olivia tell me why you're wearing your
jammies it's for JAMA day it's pajama
day you know why I really like that like
Grandma Carrigan and I just want grandma
to be there just grandma's begin grandma
Carrigan yeah we're gonna go visit
great-grandma Kerrigan today and you
wanted to wear a nice-looking shirt for
her didn't you yep and when you get home
from school
when you get home from pajama day we're
gonna put you in some nicer clothes too
huh thank you okay now I have a very
serious question could we not find red
this morning she's not even here I know
why do you think where is he I think
he's still here dos just in our laundry
room well we looked in there we couldn't
find them
probably his garage
um shortly because we would be bad he
was telling what were you doing that was
naughty Jack want you to say anything
ed last night you weren't going to bed
will you he's yodeling is scarier than
when I yelled and that scared him yeah
well I'm sorry we couldn't find red
maybe if we go to bed better tonight
maybe he'll come back yeah yeah okay no
look let's go get in the truck it's time
to go to school yeah it's pretty bone
way back on block Cody come on back
hop in
what honey what movie is that cool
watching you you're great I got it we
know we fell dry your name is on your
rat or I mean elf do you think that we
should watch a movie in the truck this
time even though sometimes I don't like
you too yeah I wish we could share our
movie with him and I hope he could have
a/c right I don't know I don't know I
think we'll leave him do that right
there oh I got a great read for you
little sneaky guy cop dad could get the
Clippers and clothe them oh no all right
I'll think about it okay are you excited
oh my gosh you boys guess what what that
means that he gets to come to Grandma
Kerrigan's with us be pretty excited
code
Oh a baby squished well he kind of looks
a little squashed but I think he's okay
he's skinny aren't you aren't you
fuzzy well let's get Olivia to school
