today is the day I am announcing the
winner to my giveaway and I have to be
honest I am so excited to do this but I
am kind of sad to see these go these
have been sitting in my beauty room and
every time I look at them I'm like do I
really want to give those away I really
really like him they do they look so
pretty and I am so excited for the
winner and I hope that she likes them so
as I was reading through everyone's
comments it kind of broke my heart that
I could only give out one of these I
truly wish that I could give everybody
one so I will just get on with this
because I know that's the only thing you
care about is the winner so the winner
of the Royale lorac lip lustre creme
collection is first thing I'm gonna do
in the morning is get this in the mail
to her and I hope it gets to you quickly
thank you so much for everyone that
participated and believe me I'm gonna be
doing a giveaway again really soon
because this was a lot of fun for me and
I hope it's fun for the winner but next
time I am definitely going to break it
up into a couple of different things
because I can't pick just one person
that was rough that was totally rough so
I am going to for sure pick a couple of
people next time have a wonderful
Tuesday and we will see you in my next
video bye bye
you get my crap together let me just get
my breath I am late for dinner Ellie and
Jared are waiting
