you guys what I just went in the house
and I looked in the tree because that's
where red was when we left and now I
don't hold up hold up let me get busting
out of his car seat hopped out of the
truck where did we go last night
- Kampai - Krampus yeah we spend the
night at Grandma and Grandpa's oh did
you step on my back he's coming oh you
little sneaky things that is a dream but
it's not
oh my eat drink some I think he's been
drinking a lot of it it's like almost
you drink all of that Cody why did you
know he'll look yes good because he
likes treats just like we like treats
doesn't he hit we love treats don't we
yeah can we give them one today I think
you have enough Cody Clark hey you guys
he is a little silly isn't he you're
crying
Ben why do you always want to eat cuz I
h-hey
