I saw a little bit but I closed
oh I I like that I like he said it I'm
indigo that he saw the shadow I got used
to the shadow of the elf so you know
where you should go like okay all right
Belle Oh I mean Olivia oh no that's just
not funny okay oh that's not cool red
that was my ice cream he ran with the
heck if you ate the whole entire thing
I'll have you know that that was more
than 2,000 calories the whole thing you
ate the whole thing
hey I mean I wouldn't know anything
about that I mean I would never eat the
whole thing by myself that would just be
indulgent Hey all right you know I
needed to get to mover now right cuz
Boston can't climb on the counter huh
sometimes we have to be very strategic
in moving him don't we if Boston can
reach him right you don't care about
anything right now you just want to eat
don't you
because you're so needy tree after week
Yeah right that was my nighttime snack
I'm really kind of sad I just can't
believe you ate the whole thing what are
you a piggy mom you still have more ice
cream
yeah mommy looking Frisian sister more
free look in the freezer and see if
there's more there's one more
daddy has one I'll make him share no it
sat on he's all what about me read a
mine and okay Nixon what make some work
I don't know I don't think anyone makes
it quite as good as haagen-dazs oh I'm
so hungry
oh my gosh all right should we eat yet
me and make it treat to make a treat to
bread I am a little disappointed you're
probably going to be like five pounds
heavier today seriously it's a lot of
ice cream
yeah ugh hey
