what Lincoln be careful okay what you
guys he's gonna wear a hole right in
those knees I know and there's a ball
stuck up there too yes yep yep you see
it don't you Lincoln they're all and
there's a bouncy ball there are a few
spots so we did these gutters new this
year and there's a few spots that are
leaking so the company has to come and
fix it for us yes because this is a
little dangerous and we shouldn't have
it if we just barely bought new gutters
well guys I don't quite feels like mommy
I think they know that
watch out mommy did you guys hear him
look at him Oh No get your tractor do
you slide down he fall down
almost reaches death I have never seen a
child play look I have never seen a
child play like him do you see the
bouncy ball up in the pergola uh-huh a
tractor okay play with your tractor your
cutie what's hilarious are what is like
special to me is that Joel told me yep
he's stuck that when he was little he
used to go in circles he would make a
huge track in the snow at the tractor
and he would just drive it huge eight in
the snow you just go over it so here's
baby Joel for you guys hey don't touch
the deer poo okay that's cut guy don't
touch us cut cut say yucky yep oh do not
touch it do not touch it yes we get deer
all through here yeah they did no
serious talks require the phone go on
silent and I sit on my bedroom floor
phone is on silent I'm going to sit here
on my bedroom floor my door is locked so
my children cannot come in and interrupt
me so I gotta take my coat off first
a few vlogs ago I asked you guys if you
wanted to hear a little bit about my
budget and I think I had a different
idea of budget when I was asking you
guys but a lot of you responded yes you
were like yeah we want to hear about
your budget the reason that Oh feel free
the reason that I feel like I want to
talk about this is because when my
channel was demonetized I got a lot of
kind of snarky comments of people being
like well too bad you rely only on
YouTube as your income it's so pretty I
like rude comments and to be honest I
think that if I didn't know better maybe
I would think the same thing as well so
I want to kind of start from the
beginning and the reason that I feel
like I want to talk to you about this I
don't feel like I have to justify myself
because if I didn't want to talk about
this I wouldn't and I'm gonna tell you
as I get into this a little bit why I
wanted to talk about this with you guys
so this is not for like entertainment
purposes like hey this is a really
exciting vlog but really I'm just gonna
sit down and like talk for just a few
minutes it's not gonna be too long the
day I started doing YouTube we thought
you know if this could cover just a few
of our bills each month that would be
like amazing that would be wonderful
that was our goal when we started making
more on YouTube we took a year to decide
if we were going to have Joel quit his
job and do this full-time because it was
either we stay where we're at or we
continue to grow but like I need help I
can't do this on my own so when Joe quit
his job
we had an exit strategy the day we went
into it only because we don't know how
stable this job is but another point is
nobody knows how stable their job is my
dad had a job at auto leave for over 30
years and when he got laid off it was a
shocker and I don't want to be like my
dad was a bigwig Auto Li but maybe it's
cuz he's my dad so I'm like daddy's a
big mega title in but when my dad lost
his job it was a shock he mourned for
months I feel like I mean we mourned
that was one of the panic attacks I've
had in my life was laying in bed one
night talking about it and it was just
it was such a traumatic thing and even
now like I can feel those emotions in my
throat and in my stomach it's just like
losing a job is a very serious thing but
nobody is exempt from it so when we lost
our job when we stopped getting paid for
our videos it was I mean I was
heartbroken I
I was telling my sister Ruby was like
why didn't you flog this I'm like
because I wasn't in my
mind so one of the days a few days after
we had become unmonitored it was just
too much like I just felt like I
couldn't I couldn't even and so I went
into town for the day I was like I gotta
go I so I went to the movies by myself I
went to the spa by myself I just like
spent the full day in town went grocery
shopping like just I sat in my car and
ate lunch I just laid in my car and took
a nap like I'm not kidding you I was
like on zombie mode it was it was such a
crappy day I don't know why I'm talking
about this okay anyway my point is no
one is exempt and so behind the scenes
we have been working on our cookbook so
we're like okay what can we do with this
amazing platform that we've all created
me and my siblings and my parents what
can we do and we wanted to do something
that came natural to us we are
constantly constantly if we cook a meal
or show a meal people want to know what
that recipe was that was a no-brainer
way to diversify ourselves in making
this cookbook we are ecstatic the
feedback that we get from you guys I
feel like a lot of you are really
excited for our cookbook would you ship
because it's gonna be awesome but Ellie
and I we've been talking forever you
know if YouTube disappears what are we
gonna do what should we do and so for
almost a year now Ellie and I have been
working on a separate business with
Ellie and I and we have been going at it
non-stop so when we sit down there's
this one comment makes me the most mad
I've ever been in my life is at the end
of the day I said oh my gosh we have
worked so hard today it's the end of
such a long day and there was a comment
that was like really you vlog today how
hard is that I wanted to throw my
computer across the room because I don't
want to be one of those youtubers that
are like we're working on a big surprise
for you which is why we told you about a
cookbook but we really have been working
on a surprise for you and for like Ellie
and I this is like the most exciting
thing we've ever done and I cannot wait
but the work that has gone into it is
more
then I thought it was going to be we
wake up at 7:00 I check my emails I
check all my stuff and we through the
day in between vlogging we are working
we are working our guts out on this
other business that we're starting and I
don't know I don't want to run myself in
I feel like lately I have honestly been
having a hard time finding a balance
between being a stay-at-home mom being a
wife being a sister being a daughter and
running two businesses it's really hard
I wouldn't trade that hard life I mean
come on really for anything I wouldn't
trade it for anything and every day I
ask myself how am I so lucky how did I
get to this point and I don't know even
if this other business is a flop and it
doesn't work like I don't care like
we're doing what we love and we're
having fun and that's nothing to do with
budget let's get onto the budget side so
basically Joanna's motto is we never
spend more than we have coming in you
guys want to go into detail on budget by
the Dave Ramsey program because that's
what we follow we follow Dave Ramsey to
a tee and because of it we would be okay
to float for a minute a lot of our money
goes into retirement this is the part
that I wanted to bring up to you guys
because I asked my YouTube friends only
like my real good friends is these are
the kind of topics that we talk about
another channel that I'm really close
with I knew she was doing really well
there's been points in her life where
they've done well and where they haven't
done well and I wanted to ask her I said
you know where are you guys sitting with
your savings where are you guys sitting
with your retirement and I wanted to
note because I'm her friend and I truly
care about her future in the current
situation the current state of anyone's
financial situation what are you doing
to prepare yourself for the future and
the reason that I wanted to bring this
up is because a lot of you are in my
stage of life you're young but you are
not too young to be thinking about your
retirement we started thinking about our
retirement the day we got married if the
day we got our first paycheck and I owe
that to my dad and Joel's dad because
they're really strong into preparing for
your future as well and so I wanted to
bring it up to you guys because
I feel like I don't know it's not that
it's my duty but like true friends ask
each other these kind of questions so
time is your best friend when it comes
to retirement so start now even if it's
just a little and my biggest advice to
those that are young those that are my
age is don't spend more than you bring
in and make sure that what you are
bringing in you do save a portion of it
you will never regret doing that but you
will only regret not saving I don't even
know if this is pointless to even save I
feel like it's important in my life and
this is something that is a really big
deal to me and so I wanted to share it
with you guys so I don't know sometimes
I really question the things that I talk
about the things that I say but then
every time I do put it out there I get
really good feedback so I just wanted to
be real with you I guess I don't know I
kind of feel stupid can you tell that I
feel stupid because sometimes I feel
like oh I'm just a kid I'm just young oh
I can't show you it's not you're just
working on Christmas presents Bolivian
Cody Jeff your shoes on no Cody we are
not doing that right now Cody we are not
doing that right now get your shoes on
they will not see you again tonight
Olivia you look beautiful
Cody you look handsome no yeah Cody's
belt just broke we are on our way to
take Olivia and Cody what does this even
called you guys his school will be
performing at someone else's school if
you guys remember we did this with
Olivia a while ago do you remember
Olivia no I still remember and what did
we get to do yes and so Cody guess what
we're gonna go to a fancy dinner play do
you guys promise you'll sing extra loud
so I can hear you
and have big huge smiley faces so I can
see you
waiting for snow kids and grown-ups
alike
I don't wanna be riding my bike this
time tomorrow the weatherman says it's a
go
but look in this guy I don't know
syndicate you please make it
every day should be
okay he's just acting off right now and
what you make it
I can make angels in the snow
conditions are perfectly cold oh come on
already
truth be told it's really too much to be
asked
dad and I were laughing at you playing
with your hair the whole time
Olivia do you remember coming here last
time who huh Cody you've never eaten
here clear cream soda
are you happy I'll let you guys get
drinks normally we do not let the kids
get drinks so it's kind of fun for them
to get a drink at dinner big day for the
kids yeah not sure that's how you use
chopsticks or not good job
want I just think the babysitter home
and my job is to get these two hoodlums
dressed and ready for bed you guys did a
good job performing tonight Cody you did
a great job Olivia your dancing was on
fleek Thanks okay tell everybody good
bye all right well that's buy enough
mother
bye guys
I'm walking around feeling free
