good morning morning mama are you
telling me about your dress honey
oh my mother movie that are me
Cinderella head that have the mouse's
you can do with the right blue string
with the needle you think I could fix
your dress - later the mouse's fix
Cinderella's dress that's a pretty good
idea hey Cody have you guys found the
elf this running yet yeah yeah you guys
want to look for him
you guys were so good to wait believe
this plan Foley how do you find these I
wonder if you made those yeah goodsoon I
know I've never seen a got small can I
try just hard ball is it yeah I try when
it written it all back up
hey you just set your pans up all the
time you set your pins up daddy get over
here so I'm gonna set the pins up that's
Billy mr. Dieng we don't drop Johnny
well now it's my turn I don't have turn
yet you never had one yeah I get it
that's not nice everything about number
code what's up we go first don't draw a
mouse it's what red squirrel to it get
her again no I wanna drive you do not
let me get hurt me oh my oh cool yeah
three frames here hopefully as nice a
month Cody that's so funny he's actually
pushing this just like flowing it's not
like what it is that's horrible
well look at you you did a really good
job ed you are the best you are the
babes we want to fly one of you guys you
give Ragan we have how we gonna get that
food we need so much he doesn't touch
him um we'll make sure to keep him out
of the way or but we'll make sure to
keep Boston other way you know I got it
I don't do the game well I think it'll
get story looking over this week capelin
me hey you ready yeah
Thank You Beth oh hey beautiful good job
guys
it's my trail Olivia well I think I even
do them
she wants my Bernays I read do you think
you'll be confused for you I don't let
any well not yet you don't think is
gonna feature Cinderella no idea money
happen to me
oh thank you yeah
yes I wanna turn up do you want to
please turn
