yeah if you guys need to go potty go
ahead go potty and we'll look her coffin
a minute yeah she's already houses kids
hiking please I know he's doing
I think he's going fishing and
pretending this is a hostage out that's
really why he did that all that candy
here Lucy go fish she maybe he was
hungry he's always hungry
but why is he getting tested in that way
no he already did
maybe maybe the whole entire sink was
full and then he all of them another's
only a couple to eat the women soon
there are you what you got twist it to
get up basura put all the other wife you
put him right there I don't know Fred I
wonderful and fun blue that was my balls
know what you want for christmas yeah
kidding dad what you want those two
things okay
a blue go and live life okay I hope you
tell salmon how'd he make that well what
else do all day hi pointing at me why
would fish he'll find you I think they
do all day I am his girlfriend a couple
of f5 dangers he acts love red Oh what
else he has a lot of old friends and
you're gonna get those to him yeah
give them he belongs all to the friends
took it out there do you know I think
else do all day hey I think that they um
yeah I think they make toys all day yeah
they do it so I think that he made this
fishing pole really easily yeah and I
want to be simple for me and me feel I
want a fireman you want to spiderman
fishing pole yeah
- will it up so you think that he's
gonna take those treats to his friends
yeah well I was wrong careful whoa oh
whoa look he's like don't go away oh
don't give up okay I think that's enough
Kony that was so nice of you to share
those with his elf friends
you
