all right guys you ready well that was
fast
he has a two hats on I bet I know let's
see do you know what that says Wow says
dunce do you know what that means no
trouble you're up without a message says
dear Boston Santa said I was naughty I
am in time out we will play tomorrow I
love you red
why is he Cody why was why was red
naughty what did he do that was naughty
uh I don't know it asked me he drew on
Boston's face didn't he was that naughty
so that yes so that's a hat we put him
in the corner
Jack dressed like a beach guy and he put
the hat in the car and then he goes in
the corner that's right just like Pete's
dragon do you remember when you got in
trouble at school and you got put in the
corner with that hat that is exactly
what Santa said I bet the lydian
acquired cuz he's in trouble do I put
you in the corner when you're naughty do
you guys like being in the corner oh oh
I feel bad he's in the corner love can
give you a treat to make you feel a
little bit and look he ate your dinner
there's a water bowl and a gay Bell yes
and it Dinnerbone what did you have in
it last night
ah chocolate cheek Chuck sweet chocolate
chips and then gelada mm-hmm so do you
are you guys still liking the elf juice
are you still excited seeing them okay
well we can get off of them ah what
would happen if we touched him them we
could drive the top of it I don't think
we should other hat is like that yeah do
you know what did you know why I don't
think we should
because if Santa wants in there I think
we shouldn't leave him there there's a
life lesson for you
you do what your boss tells you even if
you don't want to right I'm kidding okay
okay mm-hmm I think we should leave them
because I don't want to be put on the
naughty list for touching into you heck
no I want to stay on the good list okay
let's go be ready for church
