when we've been looking for a while
should we go get Boston out of this crib
let's go get Boston nah come on Olivia
let's go get Boston sure maybe she just
brought us a marker
maybe he just brought us a marker baby
what's so funny
the idea that we don't work they'll do
that Capas D the elf did what to bother
wait what what on earth that's crazy
Oh what why did he do that what did he
do come on J um read why did you do that
why did you have an Austin what do not
get us being probably you probably whose
cheesy you cuz
he's gonna teach you that he he wasn't a
baby in a way are you not a baby anymore
what Boston replaying with him
did the alt do read come in here and
play with you yes she you wanted busy
yeah you got stuff all over your hand
he's like what is on my fingers that's
what I'm asking that was best kind of
naughty no it wasn't not it be nice to
it be nice to rev read I'll talk with
you later
you didn't bite your nails anymore give
me five
I guess what mom don't let me sleep on
the ground huh
let me it was you dad let you sleep on
the ground well that was sure nice Oh
maman can we have two parent keys well I
think pancakes sounds good is that baby
is that a baby oh it's okay we can you
be German on the wall you want to add a
picture of the elf to them to the babies
on the wall yeah I'll think about that
how about you had this picture the wall
