all right we've got a little bit of a
late start this little man crawled out
of his crib if you want to see it check
out our video on Monday but you to have
someone to go find Olivia you saw where
it was because you woke up before Cody
huh okay
you wanna go show him let's dig your new
contact look in the back hey Cody you
might not know what this is but I think
Olivia knows what this is so what this
one is so like these guys are in the
water the water came near boats I really
know mm-hmm and then there's a line and
then it's called Cody it's called a
paper bag race yeah they're in paper
bags and they're hopping to see who can
hop the fastest who's winning though
don't touch Andy oh you're not touching
okay well guess that grace did that too
hey stop oh that's right do you remember
when the Grinch was in his paper bag
yeah
potato bag but hey we have to treat he
didn't bring us treats this time did he
I know but how about we get something we
could give him some baby
oh we've been in the bags well his
little girl Dorothy was his mouth dirty
yesterday oh is it still dirty today
nope he must have washed it off in a
bathroom in the best man took his hat
off so it felt and see I was doing that
cuz he wants to break goodbye son he
definitely wants to win I won't give
them treat to the contest
I wouldn't today any but you know what I
like when he brings treats - yeah I was
good you just have to go get one huh
yeah I fold these all right cuz you want
one hey red maybe when you come again
you could bring treats but if you don't
that's okay
we're just wondering okay can you guys
say goodbye Hey
