what ma'am no medicine you've been doing
so with what is this by far I've no idea
my guys up in a dream she fires up in
the truth I think the dirt in my house
for the dirt I think you guys are more
excited for marshmallows than anything
the Aventine everywhere I have oh my
gosh papa beacon official and guess what
block why we took my pillow my room but
she took my daughter when I I tell boss
ting he needs it Derrick before they up
dead
why'd you hire area I'm bare paws dig
it's just like ma ma ma ma ma lo the
dirt Wow can I dump it I think he's
cleaning up the mess that he made but
coz he's probably playing dumb
you think he's playing dumb with these
tractors yeah I'm sure
you sometime your marshmallow laughs
start babying some already I bet he said
to date bumpers in businesses plate
I recycle put it I am um I think if
you're really careful and you don't
touch him you can put it by him
perfectly and if he wants to eat it I
think he can he'll leave it he doesn't
yeah no I think he does he sees
everything yeah
since he could say when he was change it
in the diaper again you think you saw
dad changing Boston's diaper yeah he's
nice I'll be on the body
