this is a book and it is called the Elf
on the Shelf have you ever wondered how
Santa could know if you're naughty or
nice each year as you grow for hundreds
of years it's been a big secret it now
can be shared if you promise to keep it
a holiday time Santa sends me to you I
wash and report on all that you do the
first time I come to your place you call
home you quickly must give me a name of
my own I tell him if you have been good
or been bad the news of the day makes
him happy or sad I'll be back at your
home before you awake and then you must
find the new spot I will take you'll
jump out of bed and come running to
sleep who will be the first to spy
little on me maybe the kitchen the
bathroom or den is where you'll find me
your special elf friend
I can hide on a plant the show you're
making too much noise I will come back
and be here tomorrow please do not touch
me my magic might go and Santa mom here
oh I see I'll listen to you tell me your
wishes would you like a game or some
tiny toy dishes the gleam in my eye and
my bright little smile shows you I'm
listening and noting your file what the
fire means a list the night before
Christmas my job's at an end the rest of
the year with Santa all span Cody do you
think the elf is going to come to our
house you'll have to find any goodness
tomorrow when you wake up you get to
find him a name in the morning when you
find him you get it pick a name for him
so think of a name tonight okay
okay are you excited yeah I'm out
Boston's excited
he found his Christmas jari utensils but
you can talk to him and tell him what
you're thinking of or what you want
until night you want for Christmas you
can tell him if you've been good tattoo
all right so can match no arsenide you
go kid I guess you can guess who has it
who at be in 2d
he really has magic and more know those
guys did they tell me that I can't touch
him yeah okay no listen guys we'll look
for him in the morning won't we yeah
how do I talk to him how do you talk she
doesn't ah what do you think he's real I
knew it you know her and I know he can
fight like this
Who am I how'd he get why anyway sure he
can't talk that's right
I didn't time you write us today having
what is he doing up there happy hey how
did you know I didn't know I was just
hoping he would come Mary is up there on
our nativity everything guy he's gonna
tell Sam if we've been good he's gonna
tell Sam half we've been good
you'd be extra good today yeah okay you
see and that's my name and I rented it
so you wrote Olivia at the top hey don't
mess with me really say I like that oh
are you gonna give that to her okay okay
