seriously should like gonna approach on
a bringer point oh uh I don't know what
should you do hey hey bond what day is
it today if I freakin birthday birthday
to you getting kids ready and getting
yourself ready in the morning is a
little stressful and combing out kids
hair is stressful and I don't even want
to get myself ready which is why I
didn't really do my hair today
uh yeah are you talking about Bonnie
never likes her curly hair but it's
natural curly hair it's my it is my
favorite not everybody has that
I don't feel the prettiest when my hair
put your chin down
I don't feel the prettiest when my hair
is naturally curly but it's fine I think
it's very pretty and I think it's very
trusting all my mom got me for my
birthday yeah we do my makeup isn't all
the way done yet don't look at me don't
judge me
she got me these see if you can they're
um what they call tiger eye tiger eye
one thing that we've kind of done pretty
good at is every year the day before
Thanksgiving will come down and go
shooting we go shoot trap and skeet and
you've seen it a lot in videos already
that we do a lot as a family it's really
fun and Amy we went last night and uncle
Bo one that's Barney's brother my
brother Jared took last he was a good
sport though he he got a perfect score
it was a perfect zero I don't I think
that's the first I've ever seen him but
it was a lot of fun we'll go a lot more
and it was his first time ever going to
a professional range so he gets a a for
effort now he gets a mulligan and this
doesn't he can do it again doesn't
matter
yeah now we're just getting ready to get
it over to my parents and have something
Thanksgiving some stuffing
- nothing bad birthday girl so this is
Joel's mom's China that she bought
herself when she what graduated high
school yes graduated high school she
bought it from the zc mines I don't know
if anyone remembers the CC mine but that
was my parents favorite place to shop
Joel's parents favorite place to shop it
was amazing anyway I don't know if you
can see how pretty these are they're
silver with like the while there we go
how pretty is that these are her little
glass they're real crystal so they'll
make that you can make them sit all day
mom will get mad anyway so what is your
note say so another backorder for him
yeah this is I wish there was a date on
it because this would have been in
sounds like the 60s the girls like yeah
these be my central China glass and
silver stock thank you cameras I have
ones I'd like fur
open mic that's cool
oh yes I think always a holiday with
food isn't that everybody
one dead patient
brine the turkey today awesome
hey will
what you doing under here what you doing
under here picking up your ice chips
all right Joshy show us how it's done
all right don't get nervous cuz John
Cameron cut your fingers off Oh Jeff is
a professional aren't you yeah oh this
is John
this is Joel's second what are you the
middle he's the middle he's the middle
boy of five Josh I'm sorry
she's starting one
special best game ever game I think we
are about ready to eat everything smells
and looks really good you need you need
a listen to a minute
okay I think yours are so right here
Tyler Cody Grayson you're so mean Cody
look everybody who sits at this table
gets one but but kids don't get kids
don't get I'm sorry
oh that's too mean oh you get a turkey
you get a turkey everybody gets a turkey
Cody
mmm okay what's that you can't eat until
after dinner
thanks grandpa take double double is
that what you wanted take all the bubble
okay will you huh will you not eat it
shall you eat your dinner no good boy
good boy
okay so there's five boys and let's see
who's on here oldest Geoff and Tiffany
they're out of state so hi Geoff and
Tiffany and then everyone else is here
right except sure my except Jeremiah
where is Amaya she's in Spain is in
Spain he's there deployed Oh daddy daddy
feisty yeah you know you want to kiss
okay okay okay he gets my cami gets my
lens dirty every time he wants to kiss
the kids table is this the kids table
yeah is a dinner so yummy
um use your fork and stuff can you do
that yes yes you are imagine good fun
ready on Twitter
you'd probably make some pretty good
nice yay round one what I have a bite
please please may I have a bite is that
good is that good
oh yes yes you're saying who do look
ball
um surely we have the pool to ourselves
yeah so far my backstroke so Jared and
Camberley Joel's brother they
volunteered to take our kids tonight
can you believe that and and they have a
newborn and they volunteer to take our
kids I can't believe how nice that
wasn't them I'm so happy right now
no so we gonna just stay in a hotel room
by ourselves so we're gonna go through
it yeah we're so excited we may even
catch a movie midnight seriously we
might even go see a midnight movie I
cannot even wait okay
I feel really naked on the camera right
now then your love don't look at it hey
so did you want to see my birthday
outfit I'm cute is she okay these I got
to stay back he's my best team like much
but they are so comfy they're a little
crazy but they're worth it
so we just kind of a hot tub and we're
gonna go down and try to find some
snacks we want some snacks too please mm
mm we honestly don't even know what to
do with ourselves because we're just
like okay well now should I go to bed at
8:30 Oh
better mm-hmm better all right we have a
little change of plans we decided we
wanted to go to the late-night movie not
exactly sure what we're doing but we're
kind of hungry we're kind of like I
don't know we want to be out and about
so outside is there's a bowling place is
a movie theater we're just gonna go see
what I feel like doing honey
heck yeah check out Lonnie's cool boots
well I bet holy Hannah do you like boots
with lace sweat outfit huh it's not
ridiculous cool it man yeah am i the
other ones whatever and stop saying
there so we went to get our tickets we
even had him like almost purchased but
it was a three-hour movie and we didn't
want to sit there that long so we
decided we were just going to buy a
bunch of treats what tricks did you get
mmm I got um almond joy and classic lace
nobody likes these these are like what
they give out in like cheap lunches or
whatever I love them everything right
these are my favorite so we're just
gonna hang out and we're gonna close our
vlog by telling you guys Happy
Thanksgiving and thank you for all the
birthday wishes to me I had a really
nice day everyone made it really nice
and we will see you guys in our next
flop see ya
had a really nice time bye
