stay right there okay have you ever
known a baby to stay when he's been told
to stay he will stay there
oh you're Nikki did you pee the bed okay
now look he's been in the room by
himself and he's just sitting are you
ready to go okay come on this way
I need all right where you can tell it's
9:30 we get ready for bed six having a
go to bed
John so they've been so good and they've
been so fun to play with it we just
can't let them go to bed just yet and
it's their vacation too huh Thanksgiving
vacation so we broke out some Hickory
Farms that was supposed to be for
Christmas we're gonna be eaten before
Thanksgiving we're gonna make a second
trip what else to meet Olivia what else
did we eat what do we made cookies yeah
did you help Cody do you like that good
daddy do you like that cheese yeah yeah
can I get me home I got everything this
is my kind of party
hey you got off that chair you get down
hey we are here oh yeah I am so you two
like highschool never don't like high
school prom
you don't even pose okay we're
decorating for Christmas we are on our
Thanksgiving holiday break and so we're
going to get packed and we're going to I
don't like this I don't like this at all
moving there I think this is just my
wish another so sixteen get your sign oh
hey guys we are at the beginning of our
week off for vacation
don't scream Amy we're gonna change our
house we're going to move our furniture
I like to move this out of the way so
the kids can run around and play with
the tree we have to move this into a
room I don't like it in my room but
water it's going so we are gonna go so
why just move our stuff but enough carry
it and hit something because you'll be
in big trouble
yeah plug an EP oh just hit the wall May
up up the wall with the way yeah I asked
you not to carry out by yourself I said
that I would help you carry it so these
you want to go grab some paint and like
pay that up or take I can't use a baby
or something don't grab it by the top
don't ever drop by this what are you
doing
are you bummed yeah
why are you bummed little trees broken
Joel and I the very first year that we
were married uh he went to work one day
and I was going to work but it was a
really slow day at the salon and so I
grande it was my her Eden bought this
tree this was our very first Christmas
tree and we kind of took turns every
year um I'm gonna other login names in
the Oh
good charm good job yeah every year we
would take turns like surprising each
other setting up our Christmas tree and
it's this is it's I think this is its
last year he's kind of dying the lights
aren't working
he's pretty mangled as you can see the
stabbing tree Oh ten years old now how
many years eight years eight years old
now my tree our first Christmas tree so
pretty heavy
no no you keep working on that uh Boston
but you're doing but look yeah you got
into the serial oh you got into that and
then you just got the aftermath yeah you
miss it boy
hey you wanna give me a kiss can I have
a kiss thank you
hey were you crunching at what are you
branching out hey oh dear open mouth
open up dirty mouth kiss you so this is
the first year that we're going to be
decorating our Christmas tree with
ornaments we've never decorated with
ornaments before and I think it's
because we've never like known how we
wanted to decorate it or what we wanted
it to look like or had the money to go
buy ornaments anyway so Ellie and I went
to Hobby Lobby when I was there I found
a whole bunch of stuff that I liked so
oh yeah and here's the tree or the chair
that we moved and so it's like just on
the side of my bed and my dresser is
tucked back in the corner but that's
okay it's only for like a month or two
so we're good
I know what's the funnest part about
Christmas lights okay one goes out they
all go out it's great business lights
and then we give me that stress relaxed
times everyone's happy
nobody's frustrated yeah a place what it
didn't change in I think you should just
throw it out the window I want I'll
figure well you got the bottom ones to
light up you just need to figure out
just the little teeny top part right
yeah one of them is blonde nurse on so
I'm just gonna go through looking every
little one will check out it's okay I'll
be worth it right right Sweat right
it'll be worth it sure job that's our
wedding tree our it'll survive it'll
make it okay my nothing pretty we are
making a pumpkin cheesecake house key
yeah it's a pumpkin one for whose
birthday come on man yeah because thank
you I did not think that I would want
cake on Thanksgiving I didn't want just
like a regular pie because there's gonna
be tons of pie so we're gonna make a
pumpkin cheesecake but that was good and
we only make it like twice a year and so
it's really
one is really good at making pumpkin
cheese it's like a million calories go
straight to the hips Olivia did you show
him your apron oh hey I that's weird
hey Matt I made these when I was
pregnant with Cody and she was teeny and
I remember thinking this is only gonna
fit her for like a year but it's jump
it's great that's good all right you got
here so I can work
how give me like to dance so much Olivia
and I go to ballet
cuz you go to ballet yeah okay all in
Jordan we are on our way out the door to
go birthday shopping and then to see
family so it is like the official start
of our Thanksgiving break now I think
I've said that like 20 times but I can't
even help it it's just so fun and I know
we're just going down to like be with
our parents and we see our parents all
the time but it's just exciting it's
just fun and one of the most important
life lessons that my mom ever ever
taught me in my life
was that when you're leaving somewhere
you leave with your bed made so my bed
is made my dishes are done and things
are picked up and we are ready to go so
hope I find something good today all
right Joel you can drive us safely
Oh already off to a bad start
just kidding are you guys ready to go
who's excited Olivia you're excited
because you wanted your hair just like
mommy's today huh she said your hair
looks messy and in a braid so can my
hair be messy too I was like but is not
messy my hair is frizzy yes and you're
ready to go too huh ball you just love
balls maybe you cannot stand a clothes
for a ball for Christmas we all may have
balls oh my gosh oh we don't have a
balls
okay a volleyball oh yes okay say bye
bye bye bye bye yeah Oh
Baker Boston Phyllis
okay Livia you ready that was a good one
you've never seen that before
okay one more time you're making that
Linda nervous whoo-hoo all right cold
last time okay let's get one pie mama
made some pie so we're going to have one
pie and then it's bedtime
okay let's go say goodnight Aunt Linda
aunt Linda's my favorite at Archer
that's a big old kiss I'm Dan you did
you for Christmas cards do you guys huh
miss Mackay trophy you go might sound
kind of K and whole bunch of stuff okay
we'll give Aunt Linda big hugs oh my
gosh you're strong I know
oh yeah hmm she loves you guys I know
and she I went to mush thumb is that big
okay
okay kisses and we'll go to bed huh okay
let's go downstairs
mom hey
