Happy Thanksgiving everybody I have been
so excited to do a makeup look revolving
around Thanksgiving and I think that
I've been a little excited to do it
because it is also my birthday my
birthday this year is on Thanksgiving
this is such an exciting time getting
ready for Thanksgiving because we're
getting ready for the rest of the
holidays and I love the holidays we have
Christmas music going and it just I
don't know it's just fun to get yourself
dressed up and look your best on
Thanksgiving and enjoy our family's
company so I'm gonna take you from this
space to my naked face
starting off I have my eyebrows filled
in and I have my eyelids primed with
concealer first thing I'm gonna take a
light brown shade and place it in my
crease with a large fluffy brush it just
works as a transition shade so that your
eyeshadow is all blend a little bit
easier next I'm going to be taking this
gold shade and placing it all along my
eyelid now you do not have to use these
exact colors but this is just the look
that I'm going for these are the colors
that I have so that's what I'm going to
be using and then taking the first
fluffy brush that I used with no extra
product I'm just gonna go back in and
buff my crease then taking a flatter
fluffy brush this is a Mac 217 brush I'm
taking the most cranberry shade I had in
my collection and which wasn't as
cranberry as I would liked it to be if I
lived closer to a Mac store I would have
gone and bought the shade cranberry it
is such a pretty shimmery color but I
tried sticking with what I had I didn't
want to go out and buy anything extra so
use what you've got I'm just gonna go in
lightly on the edge and deepen my crease
I don't pile it all on at once I take a
little bit on my brush place it where I
want it if it's not dark enough then
I'll apply a little bit more so in
between applications I'll take my fluffy
brush and I'll blend it out and then
I'll add a little more take my fluffy
brush blend it out until I have the
desired darkness that I want and the
nice thing about doing your eye shadow
before you do your foundation is you can
take a q-tip and you can clean up all
the fallout and really crisp it up the
light I'm gonna be taking makeup geeks
pigment sweet dreams and place it on the
inner corner of my eye to keep things
nice and bright and I lost a little bit
of that gold color so I'm just gonna
apply just a little bit more of the gold
shade next I'm going to be smoking out
my bottom lash line now this is optional
depending on the look you're going for
for Thanksgiving not everyone wants this
dramatic of makeup so you don't have to
do this next step you can just put your
mascara on your false lashes on and
you're good to go but for me
it's my birthday as well and so I really
want to have a more dramatic really
pretty look because that evening I'm
gonna want my makeup done and I guess I
could always add this step at the end of
the night but I'm just gonna go ahead
and show it to you now with a pencil
brush I'm going to be taking the same
burgundy eyeshadow that I use to deepen
up my crease with I'm going to use that
to buff out my eyeliner I want to keep
my top eyeliner very very thin so I'm
just going to press my brush into the
lash line and try to not make it very
thick I lied I changed my mind I think I
need to add a wing it's art I just love
it what can I say this wand is a
gargantuan I'm putting on my mascara and
holy crap look at this thing it's huge
sting is humongo okay good thing that I
did not record myself putting on false
lashes today because it was quite the
battle but don't worry I won let's move
on to putting our foundation on now you
can see how red my face is and how light
my neck is I would never try to find a
foundation to match my face because if I
did it would look like I had a full mask
on so I matched my foundation to my neck
and to my chest taking my concealer and
a micro Beauty Blender I'm going to
place my concealer underneath my eyes
now Ellie and I went and bought these
and I am a little undecided if I like
them or not because I feel like it's
just gonna like pop out in my hand the
first time I use it it did pop out of my
hand so I'll let you know if I like them
or not
after I set my concealer with powder I'm
gonna take my 217 brush and a lighter
shade of purple and buff that on the
lower lash line again and I will admit
this look is much darker than I had in
mind but it just kind of went that way
taking a big fluffy brush and my bronzer
I'm going to warm this face up with my
bronzer I like to stay on the outer
perimeter of my face and leave the
center of my face more pale no I don't
want my
whole net to be bronzed because then
I'll look like I have a really white
face so I'm just gonna go down the sides
of my neck right here and kind of
connecting it up with the bronzer that I
applied on my cheeks that way I look
like I have a little bit of color but
that it's not too fake I'm gonna be
taking a kind of a bronzed burgundy
color of blush and sweeping it on my
cheeks to finish this look off I'm going
to line my lips with a lip liner know
when I'm tracing my lips I never leave
it just like this
even if you're going to be applying
lipstick over the top because when that
lipstick wears off you will have this
line around your lips and it kind of
screams what year does it scream I don't
know 80s 90s I don't know anyway it is
not a cute look you don't want to leave
it just like this you either want to
fill in your entire lip and apply your
lipstick over top or what I like to do
is shade the corners of my mouth I don't
want my lip all one solid color I like
the look of having it lined a little bit
but you don't want just one thin line
around the outer edges of your lips so I
like to shade the corners of mine now my
lips are just way too dry to leave a
matte lipstick on so I'm just gonna
apply a dab of gloss to the center so I
don't feel like I'm suffocating and here
is the finished look I think this is a
really great look to wear to any holiday
party you can make it as dramatic or as
simple as you want you just lighten up
the steps a little if you don't want it
so dramatic you could switch out the
dark lipstick for a lighter color if you
are younger like my cute niece sherry
she probably wouldn't want to wear this
red lipstick she would probably want to
stick to a more neutral lip or if you're
just not comfortable wearing dark makeup
I truly hope that everyone has a really
great Thanksgiving I hope that I have a
great birthday I mean come on there's
nothing
important thing right if you liked this
video give it a thumbs up and please
drive safe this week we want everyone
safe and if you're one of those after
Thanksgiving shoppers don't get trampled
have a fun and safe week everybody
bye-bye
