let me start off by saying it you guys
are super great I just got done reading
all the comments from my last video and
I'm not gonna lie I was nervous that I
was gonna get a little bit of backlash
on like the whole yelling at the kids
thing and everyone was like me too me
too me and I just kind of I don't know
it made me feel really good not really
good that we're all out there yelling at
her kids it made me feel better and it
made me honestly feel like all right I
can do this
everyone else is out there doing this
too and I can do this and I am going to
go get Cody up from his nap and we're
gonna get ready and I am just gonna love
my kids today I am gonna be nice and
we're going to enjoy the day and if
they're crazy I'm gonna loving me crazy
because kids need to be crazy so thanks
for your support and uh let's have a
good week you're going to your very
first birthday party aren't you yeah and
she is so excited yes Kay so turn around
enjoys your hair she said mom I want to
look really pretty when I go to the
birthday party so we were wearing a lace
shirt and pearls aren't we yep and a
ring fake pearls by the way okay show us
what you got your friend I think it well
mama got him a crown with some clip-on
earrings it's less let's see these
earrings ain't coming there oh there we
go and some gloves it's really hard
giving someone a present when you want
to keep them home I got in a crowd with
it it was verbal but I got white gloves
without bees and maybe you guys can play
with your gloves and crowns huh yeah
maybe I'll play it cuz I'm gonna play
mm-hmm and where are you guys gonna go
for the party um-hmm we're gonna go eat
ahh I'm not a you know hey I own Doc's
McDonald's yeah
okay you're gonna have fun aren't ya hey
okay good luck
oh it's okay you were yelling because
you didn't want him to get hurt it's
okay
oh boy you're so sweet Olivia oh good
sister thank you honey
say hey if you ever knew a more
protective girl its Olivia she is the
most protective of her family yes you're
mostly just sad not you guys trying to
play on the ice yet trouble not the best
idea
you eat snow and ice Cody do you like
yellow snow and ice yeah go ahead sir
how you do it yep oh and you finally
decided to take your glasses off now
that you do you like your glasses
say yes don't we help you Oh y'all might
help you put them on okay both yeah
thank you God these things on all
morning you look super cool yeah Boston
you look super cool say good night good
morning we all just woke up well I woke
up like two hours ago with the kids and
I basically slept in the rocking chair
while they watched a movie but well can
you please give him another orange
doesn't scream today is dealt one of
Joel's days off this week and we've been
dying no Jake it beat the monster okay
let me ring you this at freedom we're
gonna go see a movie today we are gonna
go see what's a girl your baby sick
forget it I'll explain later
okay what I was trying to say earlier
today before Boston was so rudely
interrupting me is that we are taking
the kids to see big hero six today and
we're pretty excited cuz Cody you've
never seen a movie before in the theater
hmm he's gone to the drive-in before but
he's never been to the movie theater and
we took Olivia to her first movie when
she was two and a half I think or
something like that yeah we're gonna go
pick her up from school let's go get her
should we go get her Hey okay and then
we'll go to the movies and we're
sneaking in our drinks and we're buying
some popcorn there are you stealing
money from my console yeah can I just
wants take it twice so I'm straight
what's that money for so sweet to buy
treats at the movie theater how come you
have two handfuls of money there's he
cases for 11 fishes for me oh well
that's really nice of you to share
you're gonna steal you gotta steal for
Olivia and for yourself right good boy
are you ready to go to the movies okay
oh my god let's go okay that side I want
to know how the movie was
was that fun you kids got to do whatever
you wanted was that crazy how many
people were at the movies with us just
awesome
next time we take these kids to the
movie they're not gonna know what to do
we were the only ones in the whole
theater and it was so much fun
Cody and Olivia were like running up to
the very top fare - oh oh did you lose
it in there yeah oh no no Cordy look
here okay he lost all of his money
anyway we were the only ones in the
whole theater the kids hella fun they
just ran wild they were just all over
the place it was just really fun I think
they kind of made considering that there
was only us in there they're so gonna
have to clean the entire present are you
doing okay out there cod code what you
doing okay Cody you have been playing in
the snow all day haven't you are you
freezing yeah no oh my gosh you must
have a really warm coat I made some soup
and so that's what we're having for
dinner yeah so I think we're gonna end
our vlog here at the dinner table and
there's a lot going on this week this
week is a huge yeah
he's literally been screaming all me I
don't know what you want I can't blame
it on TV what he probably wants to see
yourself oh that's why you wanted to
feed himself how did you know
hey you DEP take the juice on see if he
wants to feed himself
oh my yeah is that what you wanted
did you want to feed yourself I think
about that I was thinking of that and
then and now you can talk so then if
she's screaming you don't have to fight
I could not get two words in I and I
told him I said no screaming and then
bosses started crying and I was the kids
were getting upset and Cody said Jesus
doesn't want us to fight huh Cody all
appropriate a little appropriate do you
even know what you're saying
mm-hmm was that yummy body makes soups
like it's nobody's business she's so
good at soups I'm not as good as my mom
I all of what my mom makes and I they're
not nervous good as my mom's but this
week is a huge week tomorrow joel has
today and tomorrow then he works and
then how many days off to have like time
after yep tomorrow's a half day so he
works one and a half days and then what
you get seven days off a full week of
Thanksgiving off the full week of
Thanksgiving and Thanksgiving is
actually my birthday I'm gonna be 29 I'm
gonna 29 okay well our family is wishing
you guys a happy Thanksgiving we won't
see you till after Thanksgiving so Happy
Thanksgiving
are you guys excited to go to Grandma
holy game
right oh no vlogger you let a lady drink
all the water you're such a nice boy
yeah
what is grandma gonna have at her house
for Thanksgiving turkey chocolate
turkeys yep my favorite that's a
favorite Brett loving me yep you do you
love jaar days what teacher treat
turkeys grandma howleen buys the little
chocolate turkeys from sees and has them
kind of as little placeholders so kids
really like that so happy Thanksgiving
and we will see you in our next video hi
Wow a really nice time what you always
said do you know why I said that
maybe we'll have to tell you someday why
Jo so that will tell you someday why
Joel says that but in children happy
Thanksgiving everybody in my life
