today I'm going to be showing you how I
achieve this look with my hair from the
products that I use to a little secret
weapon that I just might have let's just
go ahead and get started okay so this is
my hair after I have washed it and
blow-dried it it is a little bit frizzy
because I have naturally curly hair so I
did use a round brush and I was gonna
include that in my video but that is a
video all on its own and I plan on doing
it because it's quite the process just
to even get me to this stage but that's
a whole other video I'm gonna start off
by telling you what I used to wash my
hair now I am pretty picky about what I
use in my hair I have been a
cosmetologist for about 8 years and so I
am pretty picky about what I use in my
hair and on my hair so I'll just let you
know what I use so I have very thin hair
I have naturally curly hair and my hair
is very coarse the first one that I
started working at used pure ology and
there's nothing else like it this is the
best for your hair it is on the more
pricey side but you will never regret it
if you don't have enough to buy the
shampoo and conditioner at least buy the
conditioner use a cheap shampoo use the
nice conditioner you will notice a world
of difference in your hair pure ology
has many different lines the line that I
use is the hydrate line because
obviously I have really dry hair so
that's what I like to use they have all
different types of lines they have a
pink bottle that is for volume they have
a brown bottle that's the super smooth
so if you want to get your hair sleek
and smooth they have a essential repair
if you're really hard on your hair with
your curling irons and flat irons and
things like that bleach so I just use
the hydrate shampoo and conditioner
every single day and then once a week I
will take the purifying shampoo it's
just a really deep shampoo it strips
your hair of all the gunk that's on it
and then I use the deep conditioner that
they have and it's really good all these
products I'm gonna have listed below if
you want to go check them out after I've
shampooed
hair in the shower I will take a hand
towel and I will just tell dry the ends
of my hair like this because your hair
is porous which means it absorbs
moisture and so if your hair is full of
water it has no room left to absorb the
conditioner so I like to take out as
much moisture as possible
my towel drying it so that way my hair
will absorb the conditioner and not just
lay on top or slide on top my favourite
root lifter that I like I kind of
stopped using them for a while because I
didn't really love any of the products
that I was using I did start using pure
volume what I like about it is that it
has a spritzer not like a spray nozzle
where it just shoots directly on the
scalp I will section my hair and all
kind of and I will spray right at the
root I'll spray a little bit further
back and it seems to kind of pump up the
rest of the hair this is by far my
favorite and I have tried a lot when I
blow-dry I want to have something in
there that's gonna control frizz and
it's gonna kind of smooth out my hair so
there's two different products that I
use
there's the shine max by pure ology and
this one I love because it is not heavy
in your hair but it does a really good
job of smoothing it and protecting it
when you blow-dry and for flat-ironing
the Paul Mitchell skinny serum now any
products that I use in my hair I always
look at the list of ingredients I never
use a product in my hair that has
alcohol and it kind of blows my mind
that even a lot of professional products
have alcohol in them
hairspray has alcohol in it and that's
whatever but if you're gonna be putting
a serum in your hair or a heat
protectant in your hair I will never use
one that has alcohol in it before I go
through and use any heat or any other
tools in my hair I will spray this argon
oil into my hair to further protect it
from heat and force shine and to help
smooth because I have very frizzy hair
this is a spray and something that I
learned
Elly is to spray it in your hand and
then to distribute it through your hair
that way you're not spraying your
bathroom and getting oil all over your
bathroom thanks Ellie I spray my hands
you can use whatever you're going to use
and I just work it through the ends and
I don't like to glob it in there I just
use a little bit at a time and I start
on the ends because that's where the
most products gonna wherever your first
touches where the most product is gonna
be so I work it through the ends and
then I work it up through the top
because if you put a lot of serum or
spray towards the root of your hair
you're gonna have flat hair and most
people's hair is the most dry at the
ends and so that's where I focus my
product now with my hair I have all
these little baby hairs that you can see
right here and they're bad May
especially right after I have babies
they're like it's like I have bangs all
around my face it's bad it's terrible so
I like to go through and straighten just
to those pieces I do not Flatiron from
my scalp all the way to the ends because
if I did that my hair would lay really
flat and the one thing that I do like
about having fluffy hair is that it does
create a little bit of volume so I never
Flatiron the mid shaft unless I'm doing
my hair all the way straight but for
this look I just do the roots and I do
the ends the reason that I take my hair
and flatten upwards is because it will
give it more volume that way if you were
to just take your hair flat on it
straight down that's how it's gonna way
it's gonna lay flat down I have had this
Hot Tools curling iron since I was in
high school I have like every size there
is of the Hot Tools and it's just been a
really good quality iron for me I know
there's a lot of new ones out and I'm
really tempted to get one just because
they're new
and everyone has been for now maybe
until after Christmas I will just stick
with my Hot Tools so I start with my
bangs and I curl them I try not to let
them curl I try to just put a wave to
them just so that they it looks like
they just naturally fly away from my
face so then I work my way down section
my section and I just curl my hair away
from my face and ice I try to focus on
the mid-shaft because I've already
straightened my ends I've already
straightened the root and so now I just
try to focus on that middle section and
curl that so that not my whole hair is
curly not my whole hair is straight so
it just kind of has a little bit of both
so I take each section and I curl it
away from my face and if it's too curly
you can just pull it tight while it's
still warm and it will help it to not be
so curly and I just run my fingers
through it as I go to determine how
curly it's gonna be and if you if it's
too curly and you want to take your flat
iron you can always run it through and
flat iron it to and most of the time my
ends are a little bit straighter than I
like them to be I feel like my hair
looks a little more healthy when I have
a little bit of a curl to it so I'll go
through and try to curl the ends but
since I've been straightened they don't
hold the curl as well and that's what I
like I don't want it to hold the curl
very well so I like it to have just a
little bit of a wave so that's basically
the steps that I take to giving my hair
to look like this but if I want to look
extra good or if I want my hair to look
a little bit thicker our friend going
out I have a kind of a secret weapon my
hair extensions this is called a halo
extension it's called a halo because it
has this little wire that goes around
your head kind of like a headband and
I'll just quickly show you how I put it
in so the hair piece goes on really
really easy and I think that it conceals
really really well I don't feel like you
can ever see it basically what I like to
wear it for is for thickness if I
my hair to be a little bit thicker and
just a teeny bit longer I will put them
in I will put this on I would not wear
this as an everyday look they do not
stay as well as they advertise them to I
mean they stay well enough but I
wouldn't trust it very well just be just
being honest it really doesn't stay as
well as they advertised it to now for
the finishing touches I like to go
through and do a little bit of
backcombing I just take a comb and I
mostly just do it to the top section
because that's where I need a little bit
of lift and just backcomb it like that
and I always come through it because
nobody wants a big ratted mess on their
head and if I'm wanting a little bit of
extra volume I'll take a pic and I will
backcomb the mid section of my hair and
you can see what a difference it makes
but you always want to go through and
comb it out for a finishing cream for my
flyaways or if my hair is feeling like
it's staticky I'll take a little bit of
this cream I always feel like I have to
go along the top and get these little
teeny hairs that I have up here I'm sure
you see them in every video that I do
and I just go through and smooth them
out I don't run it through the ends just
a little bit and then I'm ready for
hairspray and the hairspray that my
entire family is using right now is the
bedhead
it's the masterpiece massive shine
hairspray it's a really heavy-duty
hairspray sometimes I don't need that
strong of a hairspray but it works
really well and I like to just hold my
bangs where I want them and then spray
them in place and they will pretty much
stay all day so this is the final look I
hope you like it if you do go ahead and
give the video a thumbs up if you
haven't subscribed go ahead and
subscribe so you don't miss out on
future videos if you have any comments
or questions go ahead and leave them
below I try to get back to all the
questions
if I can I absolutely love reading the
comments I think that's my favorite part
about doing these videos is reading your
comments trying to answer your questions
the best I can so thank you so much for
all of your nice words and your nice
comments I hope you guys have an amazing
weekend and I will see you guys in my
next video bye bye
