good morning you guys it is the
beginning of the week and we have
dentist day joel has done Tuesday and I
asked him this morning I said now we're
not coming with you and he's like no and
I said well would you want us to come
with you and he's like that'd be really
great if you came so I think he just
wanted a little bit of moral support
I'm not sure of dragging three kids to
the dentist is worth it but that's what
we're doing anyway but we came outside
and the police are here I think what
happened is that the light pole broke so
you can kind of see like the UH head of
the light fixtures there and here's the
pole if you follow it up there is no
head I don't know what happened to it
must have fallen or something but
they're here to fix it so I don't know
hey honey I think it's so funny she's
crawled in there Joe why is that funny
did you just crawl in the back though
joking rhyming in the kitchen he's like
Bonnie did you can forget your cares I'm
like what's going on this is gonna be
amazing and I like turn the camera and
he's off old his bathroom when I like
I'm here in Boston City in the bathtub I
don't see the reason not to hurry this
morning so I thought he got his bath fix
for the day crawled in there you know
what do you know I was a baby in the
bathtub is really cute yep Amy would and
Cody is ready to go potty so let's get
out of this bathroom and give him some
privacy
hey baby's going potty and I hate on you
look at those eyebrows staring at me
he's gonna raise like Cody's
are you saying good morning to Daddy are
you saying good morning to daddy listen
last night I was up late recording a
video and I told myself I said you are
going to be tired in the morning but do
not wake up and take it out on the kids
I made a conscious decision in my mind
that I was not going to be mean to the
kids and this morning I woke up and the
first thing I did the first thing I did
this morning was yell at the kids and I
I was so frustrated like I just so mad
at myself I was like Bonnie you told
yourself don't yell the kids and that's
the first thing that you did and so I
called my sister Julie just for some
random other reason and she she was like
oh just a minute and she had to yell at
and that well I was like oh good while
she's yelling Emma I'm gonna yell at my
kids because they need to be yelled at
and you know they're being naughty
they're fighting and anyway and so we
got talking about how we feel so bad
about ourselves because we yell at our
kids all day well that's because they
need it but yet why are we yelling like
can we do this can we try and teach our
kids without yelling at
sometimes I feel like that answer is no
and sometimes I feel like it's yes I
just sometimes I honestly feel like my
head is going to explode because all I'm
doing is being so mean to the kids and
it's it's not that I'm being mean I'm
just I'm really trying to just teach him
and we both said we were like do you
think that it's just us do you think
that were the only ones that if someone
saw us with our kids we would be
absolutely humiliated and she's like I
don't think so and I'm like what about
so-and-so do you think she yells at her
kids and I don't know maybe like I hope
that they do I hope we're not the only
ones I mean
who I thought I saw a spider just falls
oh I thought it was a spider I think it
was just like a fuzzy or something I
hope it is whoa anyway so I told the
kids I was like let's make a tent let's
do something together and so I was so we
made this cool tent yes yes so we got in
here and we got all the toys out we're
making a huge mess and the second the
second the kids get in the tent I'm
being all nice to him thinking this is
great what you're doing and they get in
there and they start fighting and I
calmly said okay guys we're not gonna do
that don't fight mommy made this tent
for you we are not gonna fight and the
nicer I talked the worse their fighting
got I thought I was gonna die I thought
I was just going to absolutely go nuts I
just thought maybe I would share because
it's kind of like okay I show you all of
the really cute moments because there
really are I can have the worst day and
yet one little hug or one little funny
thing that the kids say turns honestly
my whole day read and it makes yep it
makes staying home and being with the
kids all day every day worth it like of
course it's worth it
everything about being
is worth it but that's hard like I just
feel like I am a basket case sometimes I
just wanted to share that kind of the
real parts - you know like I sorry I
wanted to see what he was doing in here
hey that's pretty cool good job did you
make a separate fort for Cody so that he
wouldn't get in yours I am rich so yeah
like doesn't want life so so Cody has a
Tonka truck in his and what do you have
in your is come show us what's in yours
I guess I didn't go I think this isn't
that one okay cuz I'm really loved else
you love Belle so let's see hey let's
see what toys are in yours a cradle a
lot just a crib a tent yeah so yours is
kind of a girl tent encode news is a boy
tent
yeah more toys and Cody's that's awesome
anyway I hope you all don't think I'm
crazy now but I guess we'll find out in
the comments section mm-hmm we are
babysitting oh my gosh and these two are
fighting give up I bet Jackson doesn't
even know he wasn't even care he's not
old enough to carry a see cruncher ball
say thank you say thank you oh you don't
even care you're out of here well how
rude of is he ha ha are you sucking your
thumb
oh are you you are funny
oh are you still mad are you still mad
this little boy is like a jealous boy he
doesn't like me holding Jackson he
doesn't like me playing with Jackson and
he really didn't like Jackson playing
with his bouncy ball did Jess and you
didn't look that's your ball mm-hmm not
ball okay for date night tonight like I
said earlier we are taking my
cousin on a blind date with one of our
friends from high school it's actually
someone that Joel grew up with all
growing up her name is Jamie I don't
want to record while we're on our date
because a blind date come on that's like
awkward enough as it is right hey your
blind dates I'm going to for being like
here's a camera in your face get to know
me you know but we're just gonna go to
dinner and then maybe come back Ellie
and Jared are gonna watch the kids for
us because we watched her their kid
yesterday so it's kind of fun that we're
gonna be switching kids okay so have
your fingers crossed that they fall in
love and get married no just kidding
okay crash your fingers for a second
date they would I thought I thought that
the date went really well I just we had
dinner we came back and played games and
had ice cream and stuff and there goes
our babysitter
um yeah it's kind of fun seeing that
snow though it's like fun to say first
snow of the year bond like this is this
is the Christmas spirit I'm pretty
excited like oh I'm sorry I wasn't even
recording you the cameras like pointed
downward Hey
hey Bonnie I'm up here my face is up
here um we're pretty like we're gearing
up for the holidays and it's gonna like
it's just fun to look forward to it some
of the snow is falling is we gotta get a
tree yes
I don't know whenever one out sets up
their Christmas but we're gonna we like
to set it up
what if we're like going out of town for
Thanksgiving will set up our Christmas
week before okay you gotta get up early
let's go to bed good night
good night Joel's parents came up for
Sunday dinner and Joel's dad is playing
hide and seek with the kids they're
pretending that whatever animal they're
hiding is hola it's really good that I
kind of I hope I can show you how cute
they're being yeah
why my shirt no six-episode button me
show me where you're hiding your grandma
grandpa just left it was a wild fun time
with our little cousin will that we
don't get to see often ever and I think
right now is the perfect time to put
every single kid down for a nap yes you
did
every single one right clone are you
going to take a good nap including me
I'm gonna take a nap too
Joel is at work today we hate when he
has to work so we'll see you guys in our
videos bye
