Olivia what day is it at school today
hey Jimmy so you get to wear your
pajamas to school don't you yes sir I
dressed you're up Jimmy
you did what's her name nice hangar so
let's see you have a pretty bow in your
hair cankers has a pretty bow in her
hair got matching jammies and even
matching sockies hey today I wanted
Olivia to wear a really cute matching
sweat outfit I didn't want her to wear
this to school but she cried and cried
in the second I said do you want to wear
your nightgown sheep what big smiles huh
yes we're on our way to sounds club and
we're just gonna be getting like some
pumpkins a few things we need and of
course I think we're going to don't
judge us stop for lunch
yes we're stopping for really like mom
is just going to fun like the kids like
it we like it anyway so we're in the
radio we're in the radio so we're
sitting here listening to the radio and
somehow we were talking about the John
Tesh radio and then we were talking
about Joel's teeth and he was talking
about this tooth it he has this anyway
he has he has two veneers on his two
front teeth that we've recently done and
the one is I think not holding well I
think we need to redo it good
and I just pictured the way he looked
when he came home after he first got
those done and all I just made me so
sick like doesn't it make you just oh ha
ha
thinking about that tooth the way it
looks knowing what it looks like
underneath that tooth I couldn't take it
I was just like ah you gotta stop
talking you gotta stop talking is she
telling us - no she's telling us to go
okay um I'm wondering what did you say
on the John Tesh radio he said what cuz
I said I said oh I've got this pit in my
stomach so he was saying I always listen
to John Tesh radio cuz we love him oh
man no I love John Tesh radio but anyway
he was saying that the reason now I
could be misquoting this
but what he was saying is when when you
get that pit in your stomach that's a
physical ailment that you've caused due
to some sort of hormone or emotional
some chemical change that instantly
happens the second you have like that
wordy or panic or whatever it is or fear
whatever and it in it either sends blood
to your stomach or it pulls blood out
one of the two I can't remember anyway
it's a physical change so that pit in
your stomach it's real thing like it's
not just emotionally I'm not like yours
that your body's physically upset yeah
it's taking me a minute to get over this
like pit that I've gotten my stomach and
I'm just oh you got your sword honey
ready where do you keep your sword
can we see Yolo oh there is he let me
see
no it's trapped in there
he doesn't even care what's on the TV
he's just like that's a big TV the
peepee poo-poo
oh it feels really good
don't bother me I'm sleeping we're kind
of looking at a new mattress and we
don't know what kind to get we love the
kind we have it's a Serta pillow top and
we love it
but it's almost 10 years old Jo has a
bad back so we kind of need to what get
a new one
yeah maybe we're just thinking about it
and our legs got tired
hey dress boston's over there holding
down the fort hey bud hi honey stay in
your seat
I feel like I'm supposed to be over
there with those guys laying on my
mattress or something memory foam this
one's a memory foam feels good yeah our
memory foam is good they last a long
time
that's what I want to know I wonder if
the memory foam has a tendency to dip in
the middle you know cuz that's where we
always congregate body gets very
temperamental about the middle of the
mattress I know I'm like don't sleep in
the middle it's gonna have a divot sleep
on the edge so I feel like straddle the
corner of it this make you happy
wait don't you believe they still wanna
take it back after Ronnie you cannot
take it now you can't fall asleep you
ought to go home and get in your bed and
take a good long one for me you thinking
about
can you look oh god your binky kid look
oh stand up full hold on stand up stand
up you got his body can you guys stand
up we practice our balancing don't mean
k-12 you he's not ready and I can feel
sway closer here stand up - stand up
he's leaning worried you want to walk
your shirts are not very good are you
right hand shake their nap are you ready
to take your nap
okay put your head down you know can you
lay your head down is it time to take a
nap is your face still dirty from lunch
Jimmy is he ready for nap Oh No hey we
turn out the light yes I got in between
the lights up please okay put that in
your room ready
one go smile it is
okay night Hey yep his arms out he likes
someone where it's nice and snuggly good
night laughing can i handsome knight by
ste good night well hi
what way ao
oh my word did you undo your zipper oh
did you undo your zipper oh yeah go back
what are you trying to tell me I'll
write out what the bubbler and / Oh
to pick you up and take you out there oh
well my goodness sakes I can't believe
that egg my and alone oh but you know
what I am so proud of you for taking a
good nap oh I think I know what you're
trying
yeah you poop eat hey Boston Boston did
you poo-poo nope ha did you poop
everything else right
you poop eat I can smell it what H we
change your diaper
hey you don't want to change your diaper
private the Andal oh hello we were just
getting ready for Halloween dinner which
is always chilly that's a family
tradition of mine I don't know if
Bonnie's family did that or not um kind
of like not I mean no not really it
wasn't like we were like let's have
chili we always had something wrong
though before we were not in
trick-or-treating but I do remember at
Aaron cooking today we had donut some
chili a pink hmm yeah we always had
chili not necessarily Donuts but because
there was plenty of candy to go around
and why is it why why is that what
everyone eats on Halloween I don't know
I don't know it's got to be Nellie's
chili like best day of there's no sir no
really I like I grew up on Nellie's so
did I and but bonnie likes stagg chili
well for outings if you're gonna have an
outing I like stands but like just a
bowl of chili is definitely I don't not
alleys I guess I don't understand the
difference
Bonnie doesn't hey to face hello
I think my hair looks really good today
Wow girls are amazing what was that job
so I guess I'm your steroids Boston are
you ready to go hey okay whoa
I want to know what everyone is first
tell me thank you
so we know you think about Cody what are
you for Halloween
and busting everyone what's Boston that
was weird
yeah with blue tennis shoes but that's
okay you can't eat again Annie let's go
hey Boston go there you guys say
trick-or-treat really loud oh you got a
song bell rung Olivia you guys you have
to say trick-or-treat or you don't get
treats that doesn't know that's not a
real pumpkin is it this big one yeah it
is actually
oh my oh you look so good
that's a real pumpkin it is they grew
huge this year's so you grow those
haha my grandma's farm oh my gosh that's
amazing good job I think my
trick-or-treating was really special oh
because I delivered since I was a baby
our family had paper outs we had 200
newspapers we delivered every single day
mm-hmm my whole life
it was so but it helped paid the bills
for the family that's good anyway I
remember whenever I'd trick-or-treat to
those houses they'd always give me some
little bit better
Oh Oh your take care bye though thank
you thank you welcome thanks for coming
I'm so glad
fix's to rock
put it in your bucket good job
Oh bonk come on honey
Oh you spilled your stuff this boy has
been running so fast and so hard
door-to-door every door he just trips up
the stairs this has become my job as
carrying this little man how come I'm
carrying you King more later a gang kick
so tired yeah cuz your legs are getting
too tired
oh let Cody help Julie a pony hope to Oh
scary yeah fun yeah alright happy
Halloween Halloween our little captain
stinker is in bed already but we are
gonna say goodnight for the week are ya
you lose your buffalo hat well we did
and I want Joel to retrace our steps
because that was the cutest hat that
made his outfit too dark maybe tomorrow
morning I will don't trigger two more
trick-or-treaters okay say good night
everyone
happy Halloween and we'll see you next
vlog at really nice time
