to wake you up I thought you were still
asleep I was coming down to wake you up
I just woke up I know that's why I was
coming to get you
you usually don't have to do that you
guys this is so funny could hear
somebody like tip that over I'm like ah
all of the boys in my room
we felt silly maybe you could have quiet
time in here with them Boston do you
think that'd be fun what is the sale of
it oh you're writing a song
you guys are so tired this morning Cody
wanted to know the elves moved
he's too tired to care okay let's get
ready there's seven Christmases on
Monday and today is Monday so seven days
mister sucks hmm I don't like Christmas
I love it what's your favorite line from
Juanito bendito Tito where Matilda from
Matilda okay like what show me yeah it's
kind of like a Kody show me the doggy
shake on Juanito bendito it's racing
through your mind right now yes you do
come on show me your best impression it
doesn't have to be exact that's not it I
don't think at any point in the show he
was standing that still that's good
Olivia's good yeah that's what I'm
talking about that's a good puppy
Oh code I thought you didn't know how to
do it but you didn't know how to be a
puppies if you're wondering the update
on my foot from a year ago when I had
all the pain and stuff I am back at it
because closed toed shoes are in season
and like open comfy summery shoes just
don't work in the winter time so I'm
here I'm trying to get checked out I'm
actually at a different doctor who
actually is an old friend from my
mission my right foot is the limits
bothering me so much the left foot I
think we've kind of got a lick I guess
we'll see once the winner sets in a
little bit more but the cold weather
closed toed shoes it's been killing my
right foot so much the in the middle of
driving I have to like a stop like freak
out pull my shoe off and drive barefoot
all the way home well I think I got some
good news he definitely doesn't
recommend much more for shots he thinks
I've exhausted that but he for the first
time gave me an idea of a different
surgery a way less invasive surgery not
a whole extraction of everything and so
now I just got to talk to Bonnie and see
what she thinks about it this may be the
best route the only problem is do I want
to disrupt their holiday season with a
surgery right now for this year because
you guys know how insurance works you do
it in the air you've got the most claims
good morning you guys there are only
seven days left of Christmas and so I
have a few things planned for this week
that are totally Christmas tradition
oriented and for years I've been wanting
to make homemade ornaments with the kids
using their pictures and so I went to
CVS and had these printed you guys know
that I've been working with CVS this
year and I want to show you how easy it
was to use the CVS pharmacy app you can
scroll down to the photo Center click on
same-day prints and you can choose from
your phone the pictures that you want
you can go into the store they will have
the pictures printed and waiting for you
it makes it even easier if you have your
credit card information in the app so
that you can use your CVS pay if you're
looking for any last-minute stocking
stuffer ideas you can shop on the app
and then choose curbside pickup which is
super easy and convenient if you have
kids in the car with you and you don't
want to get out and go in or if you have
really crazy weather like we do
want to thank cvs/pharmacy for
sponsoring today's video if you guys
want to download the app I'll have the
link in the description for you my
father-in-law made sure after my last
video to let me know that he downloaded
the app and he's been using it which I
think he is an absolute sweetheart for
letting me know that me doing I'm
playing now yeah I know you're playing
what is this pile for just a pointless
pile I'm wanting to know what's like
going on in your brain what are you
thinking yeah we've been out here for
quite a while and he's been playing and
I just wanted to know like what
imaginary thing you had again how many
more minutes intelliwhite I know I've
told you you're not allowed to ask I
told him he had to take another nap if
he asked me again what we were doing for
quiet time no you don't have to take a
nap the kids thought we were making an
ornament that was round like this so
they were like okay let me show you a
picture yeah we're gonna make it look
well actually we do have googly eyes but
but listen I was going I've seen one
that looks just like this and then you
put your picture in here so let's just
see how this goes if you take your
picture and we cut it you know like it
worked perfectly this big one like this
one like this and then
one across the top like that do we have
to make just a reindeer do you guys even
know how excited I was to do these and
you guys are like caving it because good
I'd ride it good can do the whole thing
like that yeah here's where the nose is
gonna go so you can put your eyes like
right here look you can use these little
puffs you as your nose just like that
you hold on the end just like that
all right is it hot
you're the glue gun to them
why are you laughing at them okay you
guys these might be a little scary I
literally don't care what they look like
I just need an ornament of our children
the kids hey Don everyone hates them
guys yeah I'm all Olivia's backtracking
now and she knows she knows she broke my
heart
so yes and when Lincoln gets older he'll
know that's for him it's true
something we haven't done for a long
time I want to hear the best and worst
part of your day Boston go what was the
best part of your day yes what was the
worst part you did find it I saw that
all right Cody boy what was the best
part of your day in the worst part of
your day best part is played well at
school with my friend you do love doing
that worst part is doing that you're so
good now you like math Lincoln Cody your
sweetie Caleb yeah you mean with us full
what's your worst part of your day in
your favorite part of the day no that
was fun what was your worst part of the
day Oh awesome that's good Oh weird
that's awkward girl fat girl found it
all right what's your best part in your
worst part Joel mm-hmm best part of the
day is right now I think because I feel
like our works done for the day
mm-hmm finally getting to settle down
we're having a nice dinner
this feels a bit like I feel a lot of
relief worst part of the day I think
finding out like surgery I might good
that sounds I definitely cried when Joel
told me he had to have surgery not
because it's like this life-threatening
surgery but just because it's like
another iron in the fire that we've got
to take care of and not I mean that
sounds really cold
no but also because like I worry about
Joel's physical condition a lot
and I just I think you're worried the
same as mine is we know what the problem
is right now it's like is it just
something I just deal with nowhere we go
down the road of surgery and possibly
like you have to do another surgery it's
just like wide open up a new door yes
yeah okay no let mama do her favorite
worst part hey let me think here my
worst part of the day is when I
accidentally uploaded the CVS clip
instead of unlisted so that really
sucked and literally my favorite part of
the day is right now I was a little
frustrated with the kids when we were
doing the ornaments because I was so
excited to do them and they were
complaining and not happy with them and
we're good what I'm trying to say that
I'm sorry I know I love you sweetie
where are you got a nail appointment
tomorrow cuz heaven knows momma needs it
we ran errands and we worked literally
all day your own boss requires so much
everything so if you're self-employed
that just lost so much freedom look you
want your business to fail exactly it
requires a lot more time than normal
amen that's a wrap on today thanks for
watching you guys and we'll see you
tomorrow bye
