well things escalated quickly like every
movement Boston make it you got the two
tees you got the jewy okay it's bedtime
okay I guess
Oh what is that Kody is this your
dinosaur
today we just got done doing leaves at
our house and we have a cousin that just
moved in to Logan and he actually
recently had back surgery his name is
Albert and so we've been kind of taking
care of the lawn so we just got done
doing our leaves and we're gonna do his
and then I'm pretty sure we're gonna go
get lunch so and Joel is so nice he
doesn't ever complain I'm the one that's
always complaining but he's a good sport
laughing you're such a good helper
so I had to do a code busting let's put
him in the bucket
can you put the Apple to none oh yeah
oh my goodness sakes Boston you're such
a good helper
Oh caca hurry put that one in the bucket
yeah that one's cut guy can you pick up
another Apple and put it in the bucket
are you worked out
no can you go put it in the bucket go
put it in the bucket
Boston go put it in the bucket yeah
how'd you pick that one off the tree
yeah hey did you get it in there good
job sweet boy oh thank you for helping
is that a yummy Apple it that's your
Apple I'm nervous for what your diapers
are gonna look like
okay scare the word you're kind of
scared of her she looks like a sick
little kitty
Gina Bowl yeah I don't I don't know if
she belongs to anybody
oh you think she belongs to that house
hello
did she buy yeah she can buy as long as
you'd be a nice tour I don't think
she'll bite you though
Oh
do you see that kitty
we're making duck Jevon potatoes and
Boston just wants to put yeah but it's
okay Boston's uh he really wants to see
what's in here and he wants to play with
that big blue ball the Utah State ball
go kick it out in the yard code go get
it Boston go get it
hi and making the start for Dutch seven
potatoes you saute a full pound of bacon
and a 1 full onion and Bonnie's not even
a bacon eater but this is just amazing
but since Bonnie's really not a bacon
eater I'm cooking the bacon outside just
so the house doesn't smell too much like
bacon
even though I think it would smell good
so we're cooking out here and bones
cutting the potatoes inside we're
getting ready to put it we're kind of
cheating we're putting it in the oven
instead of you know charcoal briquettes
but it's a Dutch oven right it's okay
it makes sense right so one last look
hey lady what you doing getting the
potatoes ready oh yeah for Dutch oven
potatoes
how come I'm cooking the bacon outside
because I hate the smell of it in the
house and I honestly I hate when you
have to when you cook and whatever
you're making your clothes smell like
for a week I always hated Joel y'all
used to come to school smelling like
food noses like yes ding a Pepin D
remember that he cooked a lot of baking
in my house gonna work all right and it
was okay and my family always cooked
bacon outside my mom my mom was like you
could make it outside this is where you
cook you don't your house smell like
bacon so that's what we're gonna do
Danielle I don't think it really matters
but I do feel pretty outdoorsy with my
Dutch having out on my grill so I don't
know I'm torn I'm so torn right now
I mean you're doing homework with Olivia
thinking Olivia like she has a lot of
homework and the homework that she has
like I'm I'm kind of surprised at how
I'm surprised how hard it is like she's
learning a lot kind of is crazy to me
Petey it's kindergarten you named Bonnie
had to do kindergarten twice no I did
not you sure okay I'm gonna go get Cody
and Apple and you keep peeling them
potatoes lady can't check change or news
papers papers with the same paper
they're in papers that your name is
there
good girl voila and here is our Dutch
oven what are these called what's the
meat and bacon these are our Dutch oven
bacon cheesy potatoes the bacon smells
delish and um yeah it tastes delicious
I don't eat the bacon in it because I
don't really love the feel of bacon I
think that it flavors are really good
but this is what's for dinner and we are
going to go sit down I just got done
doing Joel's hair so we're gonna go sit
down and eat our potatoes and watch
whatever shows are on TV and I realized
that this right here is sticking up in
my hair but you guys ever put your hair
up into a tight ponytail there's like
one hair and you go absolutely nuts
trying to find that one hair so that
stops pulling your Pawnee name that's
what happened to me
dinnertime Lennie alone okay we just
left dinner
I was feeling really shy in there I
didn't want to record and so I didn't um
but I feel like joel has been missing
out on all the funds I wanted to take
him to twigs that one is called as
Craig's okay I'm going to remember as
you there twigs or sticks okay not jigs
are sticks it locked it was really yummy
um we got a babysitter and what are we
doing tonight we're just like running
errands basically yeah we're playing
yeah we just went to dinner and we
disturb hanging out please you're cute
yeah that's $20 that's real like that's
one you can't see that's one giant
picking that's one Buttercup one
bellyache and that's one real Snickers
that but officials I seriously want that
like I want that like just Nam how are
we eating sister take a bite put it away
underneath the pillow or something no
that's like that's good to like one
movie or something we came down to the
city Creek after we went to
is this just gorgeous we love it here
this is just like the perfect night like
it's just pretty it's just a warm little
breeze oh yeah now we're headed to
Sephora so of course it's a good night
my favorite story
so we're driving through the canyon to
get home and how many times do you think
you've driven through this canyon so
many I don't think we could count how
many times we've driven through this
canyon it's crazy but we love it when we
used to date in high score in high
school right after college sorry right
after nice right after high school
before jolin on his mission he is I
moved up to Logan and joel was still
living in kind of Ogden area which was
like an hour away and he used to drive
up to me he used to come and get me he
used to I don't even know and I would
come down to him and and then we got
married and we traveled down to see our
family and then it kind of calmed down
we started having kids but we still run
a lot of our errands down Salt Lake ish
area and I don't know we've just driven
the canyon so many times it's kind of is
the right is the word nostalgic a little
bit yeah like I feel like it is it's
just like relaxing I don't know it was a
perfect way to end our week is just
driving through driving through the
canyon with kids screaming is it is not
relaxing but it was really relaxing this
time
it's just quiet we stopped and got a CD
yes Joel still buy CDs oh my god some CD
player I make fun of some like Joel told
my CDs they're like really
haha CDs I don't know but he really
likes to use we stopped and got a CD and
we sound like really good deals when we
were shopping I felt like tonight I feel
like it's been like lucky I don't know
like I feel like we've had a really good
what else was lucky like I don't know
what if we feel was lucky
it was good everything was perfect
dinner was perfect they split a meal and
didn't get to fall we're gonna go home
and have what should we have for dessert
which we get
we do have some chocolate gelato in
freezer so you've really got to cut back
on these treats holidays are coming up
and we have got to stop we've got to
stop the only reason I work at home
that's so that I can't anyone else see
that I don't work out anymore I really
should probably start I don't know
anyway so I kind of wanted to end the
vlog with the kids but I just thought
this is so nice the temperature is
perfect and I stopped
let's under phone now let's just say
goodnight and don't get us wrong we're
gonna go home it's got the kids probably
humor huh no we want I guarantee we're
gonna get home the kids are gonna say we
waited for you that's that's problem
well we hope you guys have a good week
and we'll see you in our next vlog a
really nice time yeah a really nice time
with me we had a good date that was a
really good day okay goodbye guys
