hi my name is Olivia and I'm gonna do it
toriel bunny for Halloween first thing
we're gonna do is prime Olivia's eyelids
with concealer so that the eyeshadow
sticks all products that I use in this
video I'm going to have listed down
below I'm going to take a pink eyeshadow
and just dust all over the lids
if there's any fallout you can just take
a little wet wipe and clean up just the
spots that you don't want and if you
don't want to get all it all over the
sides then that's you can just take it
and wipe it all off just kind of give
her a rosy cheek the whole thing just
right in here just kind of that circle
next we're going to start with a pink
lipstick we're going to do all the pink
stuff first and then we'll go in and get
our bunny started I'm actually going to
take some lipstick and just draw and
just a little bit on her cheeks because
I just want her cheeks to really have
that cartoony pink on them so I'm just
going to draw a little circle where I
want it and then kind of blend it in
just so it stays through the night and
so it's pretty apparent okay I'm going
to take some white face paint I just
kind of want to like - it across so that
it starts a little thinner up top and
kind of works its way all the way down
her nose I think like a book you're
gonna look like a bunny
now I'm going to take my sponge and just
kind of flick it up this way the way
bunnies kind of have kind of do the same
on each side
kind of filling this her top lip and you
close your lips down so I don't get
lipstick all over or white all over your
lipstick yep perfect
now you know just what to do I'm going
to take my sponge and I'm just going to
kind of whisker this side out right here
it's okay going over your pink
I'm going to add just a few like little
whiskery hairs right here in the center
next I want to add just a little bit of
pretty to this I'm taking this it's kind
of like a highlighting powder it's
really kind of shimmery and I'm just
going to go right here and dab it along
the top and same on this side just so
the top of our face is a little glittery
and you can even run it down just the
top of our nose I'm going to go in and
I'm going to highlight just underneath
her eyebrow for just a little bit of
sparkle we'll put just some inside your
corner of our eye I'm going to rub my
finger in my lipstick I'm going to dab
just the top of her nose just so it's
kind of little pinky I'm going to circle
the pink that I just outlined on her
nose
I'm going to make it a little more
square on top and make it come down just
a little bit more straight on the bottom
almost like a heart
then I'm going to make her little
whisker holes
you
I'm just using a liquid eyeliner you can
use any brand I'm going to add just
little teeny ones around it cut it down
just at the top of her lip now you're
ready for your whiskers
okay hold really still if you can't talk
don't talk
if you can catch that she said okay no
smiling on this one okay I'm also going
to draw just a little line down the
center of her nose just like that okay
so I'm actually going to give her some
fake eyelashes using my eyeliner so
close your eyes I'm just going to take
the outside corner and go up and out up
and out up and out and if you're feeling
crazy you can leave it just as that or
you can even draw just little baby
eyelashes on the bottom on the outside
edge just to be a little more cartoony
open-close open-close
okay keep your eyes closed for a second
okay now I'll finish filling in her lip
with our pink lipstick
you don't like it some truths that are
just like change you can change them to
light if you would like if you want the
line or P and you don't ever color you
want do you like it do you think you
look like a little bunny I think you
look like a little bunny yeah I think I
did too
and you guys too can do anything gay you
want LS not Christmas hey here is my
cute little bunny she's been so excited
to do them if you guys choose to
recreate this look please tag me I would
love to see it you can tag me on
instagram my link is down below hey
watch those years we hope you guys have
a fun and safe holiday happy Halloween
we'll see you in our next video bye bye
