hold on it's hot hold on it wanna
aah you blow on it I'm trying to share
and he just is eating all of us blow but
look at him like sprawled out on the
table you go
you need another bite there you go
there's a what yep you gotta get well
you gotta get them picked up every
single one of them I can see pick that
one up last I guarantee it'll fly away
Dre Cody my dad gets you here he'll be
stones so forth and I'm gonna be happy
is your bucket gonna be heavy dad I'll
put it in the garbage camp for you Cody
hurry up hurry up ya gotta do it quick
run run run yes run hurry hurry hurry
hurry
good job see that's how you do it boss
oh you look there fly the bee it just
flew out of the bucket oh good job
God hot dog okay hey it's okay you're
going to share your buckets okay as soon
as these are picked up then what are you
gonna do then you'll do the apples and
then we're going to process apples into
applesauce
see they got lots of work to do and I'm
inside washing jars and Joel is buying
lids so that's what we're doing and
Bush's luck we have a lot of work to do
today you guys I am so proud of you for
actually picking up all the pears good
job you guys
I mean they've been fighting the whole
time but hey at least they're getting it
done I cannot believe those buckets are
full that's funny to me
I guess I'm just kind of surprised they
actually did that they were told okay
here let me go get the other ladder
let's go get the other ladder so we have
ham all whole knees for the kids you go
get a big ladder you get me out chuckles
aha your apples right here you gotta do
the low ones first oh yeah yeah bad for
the Andy doesn't work if you put in like
Cody sighs good job what are we making
AB make them up with upside down yeah
yeah today we are doing it and that's
our job to do it that's our job that's
what doing today isn't it
okay little Cody made his appearance
again are you in happy now code are you
gonna talk like a nice boy all right
yeah yeah you better talk like a nice
boy
Greg rabbit oh honey evil people at work
make fun of Joel for talking like an old
man and it's just something he does what
are some there's some key phrases you
get made fun of for good garbage I be
awful
obviously what's wrong with good garbage
most of them are fine with me but he
says things like what do you say that
cat oh yes
holy cats I'm like please don't say holy
cats
Gordon used to say I liked it Bearcat
very gay yes there can you feel of
everything America do not put your
fingers in it you can't eat it yet it's
not that hot
well I know but you got germs on your
hands we don't want to get germ ease in
our food my people to see this video
before we give him their Chapel
something disgusting okay keep cranking
dad we're feeling it all the way up and
then we'll get another boy why you make
such a big mess
finish why did you make such a big mess
Boston I don't think that's gonna fit
yeah I don't think that's gonna fit hey
I don't think that's gonna fit little
guy we just got done doing our
applesauce half of them are missing
because they're in the water bath canner
but Joanne got us some pizza five dollar
pizza and Olivia should be home any
minute so we're gonna have lunch
together and then we are going to nap
together family that naps together sleep
together a family that naps together
stays together Joel that's right
I found me the naps together stays
together so go nap everyone can you say
please say please good boy okay there
you go I was gonna say do not spit it
out okay show Boston how you say please
yes please oh here Cody show Boston how
to say please please
there you go okay Boston say please
please please likes ah I think you're
kind of stick it down in enough I think
you're kind of sick of doing this side
job blow on it I love to feed the kids
just like all out of one big bowl
because it's because it's quick and I
don't know we're having cucumbers with
cheese Boston
please good job good job
no you go good baby did you know you all
right there good job no more now what
push him off
if you had to turn the camera off
because kids were pushing each other off
the counter yeah yeah Navia pushed off
the counter we don't then but then what
cost in ones and he pushed off the
counter huh yeah pushed you off the
camera pushing me on me to you oh yeah
you want to be pushed off the counter
can we push out the counter no no I push
you off the counter is cruising I start
the kids outside earlier I was kind of
feeling bad because I thought there's
not really much for him to do out there
and I forgot that I left the ladders out
and they just started picking apples and
trying to pick grapes they found a
bucket and they scooted the ladder over
to the grape vines and they're just
entertaining themselves and I'm really
glad I sent them out I just hope they
don't rip my grape plants out no no no
hold on I want to see what busting
doesn't it oh good job looked at me like
what
well you're gonna get your face it honey
even moved it I think this is dangerous
to my furniture
Ashima - really good I mean
he'll find it there you go honey he'll
find it okay well he's not gonna be able
to reach it there you goofball no he
can't film it okay yeah see that Hoffa
Oh Oh My heck look he's like seriously
just going straight to it whack me hit
it out what does any good any sort of a
sand trap go ahead do you remember where
the little carts are
candy some candy cane candy corn candy
corn candy corn candy corn candy corn
candy corn corn corn corn wait for it
those are chocolate ones I'll buy him
you the chocolate ones are not tasty
you're not gonna like the chocolate ones
look what are these right here oh these
are pumpkin spice ones code
these are pumpkin spice candy corn hey
we're getting those kinds whoo maybe you
did pick a good kind caramel macchiato
ooh maybe he did pick a good kind I
thought it was chocolate Wow yeah you
don't need that one oh I think you do Oh
apple pie are you kidding me I like
discovering like some really yummy
Halloween candy mmm
I mean autumn mix hmm
Danu holidays
look at engines watches daddy mow the
lawn
Cody what Cody what song does Boston
keep singing ah no I won't back down hey
can you sing it sing it
don't lock me over okay okay ah my yeah
no I won't back down
ah I think my favorite part about summer
is little babies okay hugs Hey and
little babies and when zzzz hey don't
spit I said don't spit oh don't you spit
don't you spit I know I shouldn't laugh
with that cuz it teaches them but I
think it's kind of funny I feel a little
diaper button those little shoes aren't
those the sweetest those used to be
Cody's wedgie diaper wedgie those are
our favorites aren't they yeah I think
we're gonna end our vlog for the week we
are going to say goodnight cuz it is
almost time for you guys to go to bed
yeah is it almost time for bed yeah yes
busted are you ready for bed and go get
our jammies on why you watch your head
Bing Judy say good night everyone good
night all right good night boys
good night everyone have a good week
