ok everyone this is my little boy Cody
hi what's your name
Curt Claire his name is Cody Clark
figured that a lot of people out there
would like to be able to cut their own
kids hair but it's kind of hard and it's
kind of intimidating so I hope this
video will help you to UM just be able
to do a simple boys haircut
so he's holding onto the back of a chair
so he's nice and stable lift your arms
straight up in the air we're gonna take
a shirt off we're gonna go we're gonna
take his cute little shirt off so you
can see his cute little body and we're
going to put a cape on him so the hair
doesn't get all over him now a lot of
toddlers and kids babies they scream
they scream and they pull it out when
you're trying to give them a haircut and
at first I was really nice and oh you
know these are you know this is the
tickle monster I'm gonna tickle you it's
a Clippers and no I just know I
basically I'm really firm with them if
you allow them to scream if you allow
and throw their heads around that's what
we're gonna do every time you give them
a haircut I've just taught them you hold
still you don't move and it'll give you
a sucker I'll give you a treat don't
move don't move don't move and some
people might say oh you're gonna you're
gonna scar then you're not gonna scar
them I like to keep my son's hair just a
little bit longer so what I'm gonna do
is use a number four guard okay and I
just remind him Cody we're not gonna
scream are we you're not gonna cry are
we we're gonna be really good put your
hands down what's your favorite treat
what's your favorite treat oh okay you
say it really loud candy corn
he loves candy corn we just discovered
that didn't me okay if you can be a
really really great boy
guess what oh boy some candy crime well
warn them to be good and let's get
started find their mid forehead and go
about to there that's where I like to
take my clip or two you don't want to go
too high you don't want to go too low so
I find the middle of their forehead ish
and that's about where I take my clip or
two and I do all around the I do it all
around the head you have to go over the
same spot over and over again sometimes
in order to get all of the little hair
hours and if you don't have wonderful
clippers and even when I bought mine
brand new when I do the back of their
head I always have them put the chin
down so you can reach those little hairs
in the back of the neck you want to try
to match both sides so they go up the
same amount especially if they have
calyx you want to take the Clippers from
all different directions that way you
make sure you get all the little hairs
okay the next step is I like to spray
the top of the tear I'm Korean I'm
Korean and you can take this part as
long or as short as you want okay so
this is where you're going to determine
the length of the top of his hair so you
can see you want to hold the hair nice
and tight between your two fingers pull
the hair straight up and I'm just going
to go straight across and you're going
to use that as your guide and you're
going to go all the way around the whole
head the whole head head the whole head
with that same length all around so I
start go I started this way and now I'm
going to switch and I'm just going to
work my way back down the center of his
head making it all the same length
you want to make sure that your fingers
are nice and tight when I get to the
back of his head I point my fingers
downward just a little bit so that it
will have a nice taper towards the back
and he has two big callus calyx back
here so I like to just get that as close
as short as I can so that it lays nicer
okay so I just went through and checked
it this way
and now I'm just going to go this
direction and make sure it's all even
this direction on top I haven't really
touched the side yes but just mostly the
top area you get to this point I'm just
going to hold my hands sideways like
that and you're going to see this is the
part you've cut this is the part that's
a little shorter from your clipper and
you can see there's kind of like a point
right here this hair all here I'm going
to cut it straight just meet the two
corners and that's really going to help
you blend
when you do this step your it's not
gonna look great you are gonna think to
yourself why why does hers look smooth
and mine doesn't well because I did this
for 2,000 hours and I've also had years
a couple years of experience so it just
takes some time and some practice just
keep practicing if you do your kids hair
and it doesn't look good pay attention
to the spots that don't look good and
try to fix it try to be better next time
like just the more you do it the more
you're going to find tips and tricks on
your own as well this next step is going
to make or break your hair cut the
neckline and around the ears is the most
important part of a haircut if it's not
cleaned up in my opinion you shouldn't
have even wasted your time doing a
haircut because if that's not done your
hair is not looking good you want to
comb all the little hair straight I do
my neck lines square so I come straight
across here and I go straight up if you
want to round it you can round it you
can make it look how you want
so hold your unstuff
and I actually changed my mind Cody's
naturally is just a little round so I'm
just going to keep it round ish it's
going to be asked round it's going to be
still square around it
is it that beautiful isn't that handsome
if you're doing someone a little bit
older and they have sideburns great you
can start down here you want to make
sure that it's even on both sides so
looking in the mirror getting in front
of them and seeing how long you want it
this little guy doesn't have sideburn so
we are just going to go straight to the
ear okay take your head just like that
you just arch around the ear want to
comb that hair down and you can see Cody
has really fine hair but there's still
stray hairs so you want to
hear them
okay so we're gonna fix Cody's hair and
I want to show you what I use I use this
I get it from Walmart even at my beauty
store I can't find stuff that is as
strong as this or the holds as well as
that Olivia was a baby this is what I
put in her hair when I wanted to spike
it because it just stays and I don't
know if you've ever done little babies
hair but two seconds later it's undone
so I like using this because it actually
stays stink
I just emulsify it in my hands like this
so it's distributed evenly and I get it
on my thumbs and everywhere and I start
in the front I just kind of spike it all
up and he has these little teeny baby
hairs so I want to make sure that I get
those up first - and this stuff dries
really fast so you kind of gotta work
quickly with it I just kind of start
towards the front and work my way
backwards and the reason that I cut his
hair all the same length is that way I
can part it I can spike it I can kind of
faux hawk it if I push it towards the
center the way I'm kind of doing I just
grab the sides like this and I push them
forward
I always drag it down by his sideburns
didn't go get like candy corn if it
dries out in your hands I give my hand
just a little squirt of water you want
to do this when their hair is dry if you
do it when it's wet at least with this
product it just is kind of a hot mess
then I grab the front and I really want
to make sure that that is what stays a
cup drag it to one side oh he's so
handsome I can hardly take it thank you
guys for watching I hope you learned a
few tips and tricks on how to cut little
guy's hairs and good luck and good luck
okay you gotta like ah honey you can't
squeeze my neck you can't you can't
squeeze my neck
hiya guys Darla
did you mix your hair up already
