come speak look extinct put those legs
down cuz it would smell like a chicken
poo you recording yeah Oh nobody egg
down do we do it do it you hey Shh
I just want to do it stop it I'm
seriously gonna throw it in your face
right now just to get you to come back
seriously
okay we were challenged by Ellie and
Jared they did the egg Roulette
challenge and now we're gonna do it and
I'll tell you why I'm not that excited
for all you girls out there with
naturally curly hair you'll understand I
just washed my hair
like yesterday usually I go seven ish
days without washing it yet
don't judge me we did it no no it
doesn't i don't like seven days over
here i don't want to get egged me maybe
you'll be went maybe you'll be all right
the obra that's not gonna do it I'm
gonna do the first one so instead of
cracking on my own head I'm gonna make
Joel do it because I don't I don't think
I can do it myself
hey rock paper scissor who goes first
Graham Shambo I don't know that is we're
gonna rock paper scissors I don't want
to do this again just the lucky egg Oh
show him yeah that's really contraction
he wants to sniff it how hard do I do it
well you don't want to like give me a
concussion if it's gonna it's got a
break I just do it it takes to break
Eddie oh it's stuck it's got well she
got so lucky
she got so lucky oh that's not lucky do
you see the juice dripping
my days I can poop stinks I thought that
was an open egg because of how wet it is
I have juice dripping to my face I think
I'm with Nellie's pretty good don't eat
them yeah okay
it's Joel's turn I seriously wasn't even
ready I wasn't even ready that's not
even fair sorry okay ready no let's just
let it dangle oh and the rule is whoever
gets two yogi ones like runny eggs on
their head first loses I want to know
what they lose yeah I feel bad for her
split yeah
look I'm gonna windshield wiper you
leaned down bow to the dam you know the
only ones left
so that means I'm the only two that are
left or bad ones here we got to do at
the same time Oh
Oh so does that mean we're both the
losers no that means that Joel honey
we're both the wieners the wieners mmm
thanks a lot for the egg challenge Ellie
and Jared yeah really cool could have
been an ice bucket challenge or
something
no that'd be eggs this really was fun
well we're gonna go get in the shower we
tagged anyone that wants to do this so
if you feel like smashing eggs in your
face you do it get it done it's kind of
fun it actually it's a little bit
adrenaline rushing no it's not it's
disgusting
and I'm seriously mad that I have to
rewash my hair
hey you guys guess what we have a
surprise for you what do you think it is
you think maybe it's a oh so no there's
not a drink a soda okay hmm what what
would you want a surprise to be
I
surprise would you want a toy would you
like Cody oh good a bubble gun okay
bubble gun yeah Oh a gun to shoot
bubbles yeah okay on the count of three
we're going to give you a surprise okay
ready one two was that a good surprise
why is that not a good surprise
Cody daddy's gonna go over his head to
stop recording Cody hasn't even moved
what's the matter Cody did you like it
you like it what you hated that okay now
hold on hold on daddy sit right down
there in between them with the hold on
I'll tell you when
hold on I'll tell you when all right
hold on I'll tell you in gonna go right
down the back okay should we give daddy
a surprise yeah here we give daddy a
surprise whoa whoa whoa you got a hold
onto the egg so it doesn't drop you got
a splatter it on his head k 1q sauce pan
go ahead code 1 2 3 smash go and
hard-boiled er oh you can pick it off
the floor and do it again oh oh okay
Olivia recommen so funny when you do it
to Daddy
but it's not to you Oh seriously
Oh ha ha
thanks Hayley shared a lot of fun do you
another cookie
