okay so I know I look like a homeless
person right now and I'm still in my
robe but my kids are way too excited and
they're not gonna allow me to get ready
before we open this package that we just
got in the mail
we got Halloween costumes so um Olivia
already got hers she is gonna be
Tinkerbell this year honey and we're
gonna paint in her face on me come here
are you ready to open your package
are you excited okay I ripped it open
just a little so you can open it
take your like a get into it you can get
into it in just one second first try to
open it you don't even you haven't even
seen it yet absolutely close well why
don't you open your package first okay
and you tell me what's in there you pull
that out I think that one is for oh that
one is worse rip rip rip pull hardboard
you see it yeah are you excited candy
boxes you understand Boston what's he
gonna be yes
should we try money okay so you're gonna
be spider-man Olivia is gonna be Tinker
Bell it's kind of screwing up we're
gonna put some clothes underneath so
you're warmer though huh
no this is case fruity no okay and
Boston is gonna be captain stinker are
you gonna be captain stinker yes now you
need to get down from there don't you
yes you do um do you need some help son
oh okay
I'm gonna help them get dressed and I'll
show you a sneak peek of their costume
that's a really cool looking spider-man
okay great crazy blossom yeah I'm not
gonna get Boston Boston dressed right
now it's a little big
Cody is just a little that's it that's a
2 2 3 T he's 3 years old and it's
gargantuous on him oh well our captain
sneaker yeah your captain sneaker are
you do you want to be captain stinker
yes you do
no you leave that on Oh boohoo yes at
your hat and he's probably not gonna
leave it on the whole night thank oh
okay he just brought it to me like
mm-hmm
that's not happening I have been working
like a stinking dog I went and picked up
a four-wheeler because this weekend it's
called a razor it's a four passenger
four-wheeler and I went and picked it up
and I drove it home myself on the
trailer which was kind of scary but I
did it I called my mom for support for
some support and she said put your
big-girl panties on because you can do
it you're fine so I drove it home and
Joel is on his way home from work right
now he is um he's gonna pick up the
babysitter and we are going with a
couple and one of our neighbors and
anyway we're just gonna go for a night
time four-wheeling ride and I'm so
excited because it's like a date and
it's really fun and so I like got the
truck wiped out all the cars he's taken
out so we can take adults in our vehicle
and I wanted my house clean for when my
mom comes in the morning and so I have
been vacuuming and getting things picked
up so anyway I'm really excited for Joe
to get home when I can't wait because
it's gonna be really fun
I just feel like we have worked and
worked like I have so many things going
on in my head that my head is like
pounding
oh my guess I shouldn't be showing you
like a shot of my bathroom hello anyway
I just feel like we have been busy
non-stop and so it's just going to be a
lot of fun to like go on a date and
relax and start our weekend off Friday
night late so we're kind of excited so
it'll probably be too dark to film while
I'm four-wheeling tonight but we'll
catch you in the morning good night
everybody
joel is way too excited he is like just
having too much fun he's been looking
forward to this all summer all he's
wanted to do is go for a nice long
four-wheeling right so yeah we'll fit it
doesn't look like there's room for that
second one on the back
you're gonna have to there's not room on
the back
no he seriously doesn't okay we are
almost ready with the four wheelers on
we had to switch because the back was
too heavy so had to move the machine so
grandpa's here and the kids are getting
ready but my dad showed up without my
mom this morning she was supposed to
come
she's got strep throat and she just
really does not feel good so she didn't
come this morning which we're totally
bummed and we're gonna miss your mom hmm
but we're excited to go still right guys
just you got on code you got your work
gloves on yeah but look are you excited
to go okay
Cody ready to go hey dad's gonna be on
his machine over there okay I think this
is like a two-and-a-half hour stretch so
we'll see how we do so dad's going to go
in front of us in
I don't want dust in this face the whole
time okay you guys ready
well there's a pier right here do you
want them no all right all right we're
just gonna leave okay
is he okay leave
okay
ready yeah
hey you gotta wave to everybody on their
horses
now
it's a sheepherders house now stay in
that while they're out here with bill
couple sheep see there's horse
we're gonna go right past there really
yeah
we're not to food yet did you fall
asleep you fell asleep your head was
bouncing around everywhere come here
okay so Joel I want you to tell me what
this is
Gary boys this is old Ephraim I don't
know if he was who's Big Bear in Utah
Alfie's biggest one biggest fairs in the
US here's huge was like my god I don't
even know anyway and acid anyway farmer
for Perry ready walk killed him with
like a 22 I think it was some nobody
outrageous anyway he was killed here and
he's buried here and his skull oh cool
yeah his skull was like this big
literally almost this bag and it's like
down at Utah State University right
Natalie yeah but the rest is here um
this is where he was killed huh yep okay
yeah
what
seriously it's like crazy in the
mountains and all of a sudden we just
come over to scale and it's like oh wait
straight down there
Fairleigh
yeah where we're going to eat
yeah
that was a long drive we did you do okay
I was a little nervous
fine I'm my concern is are we about fall
will we be able to get our way back turn
off yeah I think so because that one
finger upward appreciate stay back so
that go off of their four-wheeler we
came off that and came off I looked I
have yeah it's just having him cut off
man straight if we could see yeah I
think we'll be able to I think it'd be
just fine fine on our way let's go get
some food yeah a cheeseburger
hey you geez Verger to look at Cody's
can hey alfalfa lose to your hair that's
our new oh you see it's room stick
enough oh okay
say no more no no Cody was that fine
yeah this is like the only place that
really as well there's a couple places
to eat but it's pretty iconic here the
Lobos drive-in
as you can see it's very popular we're
pretty tired driving that yeah catch me
yeah I'll catch it come here come here
you got a big ol box elder
not a year back
we are so happy now I'm hangry well you
won't be hangry in a second
let's eat hold on honey do you know what
they got a flat tire so they were happy
that we came along so we could help him
out huh well then how am I gonna get
pasta well we got to help him first
we're gonna help them change their flat
tire and then we're gonna go okay a mole
is gonna Molly's our babysitter huh
might take us a little longer to get
home huh I'm glad that we were right at
the friend because look at that line of
cars behind us four wheelers and we are
right in the bread so let's go
