Joel and I had a neighbor come and uh
Debbie Debbie she is our she's the best
anyway she wanted to take the kids all
summer and she just never had like a
time to so um so she came got the kids
and we were like so we just lounged in
bed for a little bit and then we were
like breakfast to revisit hers we never
take the kids to breakfast because
they're just too crazy this is an old
house no it's an old gas station oh it's
an old road up Logan Canyon and this was
the last stop so it's the last and first
stop depending on which direction you're
coming and this was the little gas
station and somebody came in and bought
it remodel to add it on just made it
amazing and not only that it's it's the
best food I've ever had in my life
seriously it's really good for and look
how good of a job they did on this like
it's just so cute it's called Herms you
can't really see this sign but it's just
like oh we just love it and it really is
the best food and nobody gets ready here
you just you just get up and go look how
cute these shoes are though Jill bought
these for me oh you can't see em they're
like oh you can't see him he's like pink
glittery shoes anyway where's looks like
okay go ahead oh you really hurt her
hand huh
so Olivia cut her bangs right here you
can see the red well it was a lot lot
longer but I told her she could match
the rest of her doll's hair because she
didn't really like how it looked honey
so she was cutting this part because she
wants it all the same size huh hey so
she was doing that and she just
accidentally cut her little hand huh but
you know what I told her I said that
mommy's cut her hand cutting peoples
hair and Ellie's cut her hand
getting here but all she wanted was to
call grandma so we called grandma and
told her she cut her her hand yet pick
it up penny yeah thank you
so um she wanted to call grandma because
grandma's the one that got her this
dolly so mommy's going to help you
finish cutting it for it you just want
to cut that part do you want to do it if
you do who do you want to cut it you
want me to cut it yeah Mama's gonna cut
it so we're gonna where you get everyone
put back in shape huh cap aren't you you
can watch us seriously I hope you is
that I just found Olivia's doll she's
she's not gonna shape yet oh but I just
washed your hair we're gonna get it dry
it up and I look down and look what
Olivia dead man's me are you looking at
Cody
you see smear you see it tasty yeah it's
my you be now where'd you find out the
baby one and not on here hey let me make
sure there's no buggies on that Apple
first hey that's kind of yucky don't eat
them honey let me find a good one for
him I found a better one
let's see no app nobody's cake you will
give that to Boston
thanks Olivia hmm
you just play with it out here when I
take it in the house
you just lounge in eat in that apple of
yours you just lounge in goodnight
Boston good night baby boy ah good night
good night good night oh you need a kid
Timmy - good night oh okay oh that's
nice
Oh Olivia if you want to kiss from you
to say kisses Oh
can mommy have one mommy mazdan we did
your hair today
let me did your hair today
look at that Elsa get speechy by Stan
you're a handsome guy we're gonna go run
errands today aren't we
I can't tell if you can see this little
curl up top he'll probably have curly
hair we're just here at my mom's
dropping off a few tools that we had
borrowed and oh my for are for
Mother's Day we planted these flowers
for my mom in the rain PS and look
flowers they look so beautiful
they're huge look so Talia Jill stand up
straight not like um look how I are
seriously that's as tall as you I mean
you're not very tall but they're cute
Oh who's here my videos yeah I see it
Kate look how cute you like are you with
Grandma yes okay well I hope we get some
good ones that's like a beautiful one I
want it but not tall enough to get I eat
it oh it's okay can that's a good I know
I want it it's beautiful we have a Sun
coming in on these I know Logan doesn't
grow peaches peaches very well we grow
up pears good but down here at Mom's is
just a teeny bit warmer and her peaches
are just yummy look at that crate that's
cute mom also has a whole bunch of beans
so we're gonna raid her beans - we just
like empty her tree and I kind of feel
bad but no I really do kind of feel bad
yeah I just need enough for dinner
tonight good-morrow if I was know how
easy this was we'd have been doing this
I want you to put one in ma'am I want
you to put one in front of your gateway
entry in the back one girl yeah there's
not enough stuff oh isn't there
just kind of nice but maybe told me we
should make one of these it's like
pretty under here what
we do this years to call with everything
because you had a million other things
that you were doing alright let's go
honey
all right let's go get Olivia to Keaney
garden girl knows what it's about
don't you girl
okay we are sitting here waiting for
Olivia to get home from school we're so
excited to see her cody gets super
excited for her to get home so we're
just hanging out the kids are over at
the flagpole and we're just waiting for
Olivia and as soon as she gets home
we're gonna go pick tomatoes we're gonna
go over to my friend a Fez house and her
parents they plant a whole bunch of
tomatoes and this year we didn't plant
any so we're gonna go pick him so we can
bottle them so cool I think she's here
see look at him run peddling just about
as fast as she can to get here hi honey
how was school was it good did you have
PE good they didn't how come because it
left
really hey guess where we're going yeah
to pride it you have an idea area okay I
made your sandwich it's inside okay
we're gonna go have lunch and we're
gonna go pick tomatoes and we okay so
we're at leaf raid a fez house well this
is her in-laws house and look at these
Tomatoes just show him how cute this
little setup is out here I just love it
I think it's so cute and honestly I'm
driving out here in the light cornfields
it makes me want to like live here I
don't know it's just really cute here
they plant really big gardens and we're
just gonna get what they're not going to
use so thank you yeah there's like tons
of alike what what is that bud that I'm
hearing is that just like a cricketer I
guess I'm just a little nervous
well actually I could hear the skunk's
and I thought oh or I mean I could smell
the skunks me and if I got all of our
tomatoes picked and I am ready to blanch
and bottle and I'm doing it all by
myself which I am proud of because I
have a really hard times I have a really
hard time starting the my turn the light
on out here I have a really hard time
starting the Camp Chef stove out here
anyway but I did it and I did it without
even burning my face off so I got my
peaches done the other day my pie
filling and peaches and now I'm ready to
do my tomatoes and yeah I'm excited to
have them done before Joel gets home
because sometimes I like to get things
done when he's gone so he doesn't feel
like he has to like work and then come
home and work so well guess I'll see you
and Joel get some okay we
our ending our vlog for the week and I
think we are just going to be putting up
our vlogs on Mondays and then I'll have
a beauty video through the rest of the
week was what I think I want to do and
why we bonnie means her yeah cuz i kind
of do it Jill just smiles for the camera
I'm just a pretty face I just use him
for his looks yeah look and we worked
really hard this week we've worked
really hard again by we know Jo worked
really hard you worked really hard work
you put in a lot of hours well work but
you've been working like a dog okay we
hope you guys have a really good Monday
we hope you have a good start to your
week and we will see you in our next
video Hey
had a really nice time
