I knew that I wanted to a foundation
only video because it's kind of a big
deal if your foundation doesn't look
nice it doesn't matter if you have
amazing eyes that day amazing lips that
day if your foundation is bright orange
nobody is gonna look at it they're gonna
be thinking hey Snooki can I have your
autograph wait wait okay I have my hair
clipped back and I am ready to show you
how I do my foundation I'm excited
because my little kids are taking their
naps and we just get to play I prepped
my face by washing it and by applying a
really good moisturizer because my face
is really dry and then a primer a little
secret that I do is putting eye drops in
my eyes before I start my foundation
that way it has time to set in and help
the redness go away before I actually
start doing my eye makeup and the rest
of my foundation so it doesn't drip if I
put too much and because I usually do
some people can see little spots on
their face before their foundations some
do it after I like to do it before that
way it just blends a little bit more and
I don't really have too many spots and I
just use my finger I just kind of dab it
on this concealer is just a teeny bit
lighter than my skin but when I add my
foundation it will help hide that I
always start at my chin because I feel
like that's where I need the most
coverage if you have acne prone cheeks
or forehead that's where you're gonna
want to start because where you first
put your brush down is where the most
product is gonna go
when I'm done applying my foundation I
go through the little creases on my face
right here just to make sure that
there's no extra build-up I don't want
any extra product on my face because
when you're layering makeup you really
just need thin coats because when you
get close up on someone's face you want
it to still look good you don't want to
have tons of makeup on your face I
usually take one piece of toilet paper
and blot it on my face like this just to
make sure there's no extra makeup and
because when you've laid your foundation
down it does leave behind a teeny bit of
residue like a little bit of extra waxes
and stuff that's in the foundation it's
not a big deal you just dab it off when
I place the concealer underneath my eyes
I'm very careful not to come right up to
the edge and the only reason I don't do
that not because I don't think it looks
good but when you get in really close if
you've got makeup on your fine lines it
just accentuates them so I just try
really careful not to apply makeup
directly on there you'll notice when i
when i'm blending that's the very last
place i go because I have the least
amount of product on my fingers and on
my brushes and so I just try to be
really careful because I want to look
good up close and I want to look good
far away so that's how I do it I feel
like if I want to look really good I
tend to grab my Beauty Blender or so
I'll use it for now
without even realizing it I already
switched to my fingers I just feel like
I can get into those little creases a
little bit better then when I use the
Beautyblender the whole time I just use
a little bit of both with a clean finger
I really go in underneath the eye and
make sure there's no extra product
because no matter how well you blended
it and even if you set it with powder if
you have fine lines makeup will set in
them so I just try not to apply that
much makeup on to those fine lines I
never used to be very delicate when I
would work in my eye area and to be
honest I never even used to take care of
my skin very well I used to just get
sunburned I wouldn't even care I would
never wear sunblock and when I would do
my eye makeup I would just tug at that
skin but as I've gotten older I realized
just how much I really want that to stay
looking nice so I just Pat it with my
finger and just be really delicate in
that area because well I want it to last
I apply a little bit of that same
concealer just on my chin and I do it
across here and down into like a
triangle and the only reason I do that I
have a really square chin so I don't
want to accentuate the squareness of it
and highlight the whole thing so I just
highlight straight across and down this
way to kind of hide the corners of my
chin I've always been self-conscious of
it I don't know why well I know exactly
why because I used to get made fun of
for it in elementary kind of sad but you
are who you are in the face you have is
the face you have and you honestly
should just love it whether it's perfect
or not just love your own face because
what does it matter
I'm adding highlighter just down the
center of my nose and in between my
eyebrows and on my forehead just a
little bit okay I realized that I'm
looking very washed out I like to do my
highlight at first that's just the way I
do it so so far I've highlighted
underneath my eyes down the bridge of my
nose a little bit on the front of my
forehead and on my chin I like to take
any cream concealer find the hollows of
my cheeks and put a line just about
there
when I blend my cheeks I just try to be
really careful because I don't want it
going everywhere so I just use my finger
and just slowly kind of blend it the way
I wanted to and I always blend up not
down
I'll go back in after I use my fingers
to blend with my beauty blender just to
make sure that everything is blending
nicely together
the next step is setting your face with
the powder if you're oily you definitely
need to set everything that you've done
and you can either use a translucent
powder or I'll show you how I do it
I start with my under eye and I use a
light shade and I try to stay away from
that under-eye where I was talking
earlier I just don't want it to have too
much product on it and look worn down
and who knows maybe I have more wrinkles
than the average 28 year-old because I
am a little bit concerned about it but
what can you do basically anywhere that
I've highlighted I'm gonna take this
light powder over
taking a bronzer I'm going to go back
over the areas that I have the darker
foundation
with a bigger fluffier brush I'm gonna
go over the bigger areas on my face and
I overlap them just a little bit just so
it's not stark white and then dark I
just try to blend them as I go it does
seem like a lot of steps but if you want
that look these are the steps you gotta
take highlighter is not something that
I've always used but I have really
fallen in love with it I think it looks
especially good if you know you're gonna
be taking pictures and I apply it just
to the tops of my cheeks
and sometimes just a little bit down my
nose I'm going to add just a simple
little blush
I'm gonna go finish my eyes and I will
be right back okay I wouldn't finish my
makeup and this is what I look like so I
hope that helped I hope that answered a
couple of questions for some people I
know that foundation can be super hard
but I hope you don't get frustrated
thank you guys so much for taking the
time and watching my videos I really
appreciate it I think this has been fun
and I hope that you learned a little
something today if not the most
important thing is happiness
if you're happy it's going to shine
through and you're gonna be beautiful I
hope everyone is happy and healthy and I
will see you in my next video
okay do you guys want to know the very
last thing that I always do I take a
q-tip and because I put powder all over
my face I take it just like this I swirl
it in my nose because you don't want
like I've ever been out in this sunlight
and you've like looked in the mirror or
something or you caught your nose just
right and you've caught like powder all
over those little teeny hairs in your
nose and maybe I have an extra hairy
nose I don't know I guess I could just
wax it but I have to practice on my
husband first and he won't let me so I
haven't done it myself
but I've heard it's not very painful
anyway I don't know it's just what I do
