my sister Ellie got tagged in the
daddy-daughter tag and so we decided
that we wanted to do it together
so the first five questions are on
Ellie's channel you can check it out
I'll put the link below and we're going
to finish with the rest of the five
questions that we have okay the first
question is what do you call your dad
and for ever I just call them dad but my
mom has always referred to dad as daddy
like oh go ask daddy or oh go tell daddy
and I've noticed that my mom always
refers to her dad as daddy but this just
dad yep just dad always been dad never
buy the first name or anything else and
I liked it so what is something you
truly love about your dad / daughter
oh so you you want me to go first yeah
yeah the thing I love about my dad the
most is that when it's business time
it's business time you get work done and
I like that I like that I have a dad
that knows how to get stuff done but he
knows how to laugh and he knows how to
make other people laugh I like I think
that my biggest goal in life is to make
my dad laugh and so when he does I'm
like where's the camera why didn't I go
again
but I just love laughing with my dad
he's funny and he has a quick sense of
humor one thing that I love about Bonnie
and my daughters in general is that they
are good good girls they've always made
good decisions in their lives from the
time they were in junior high made good
choices in and who they married and how
they're raising their kids I think the
thing that I like the very very most is
that they are best friends with each
other when they were younger that always
bicker and fight and had that typical
civil rivalry that they that most kids
have but we we tried to convince them
that you know you should do that we
realigned you to be friends but now that
they're older they're all best friends I
love that and I
I loved it there they're true to their
faith and there they've got a strong
faith in God and we love that about them
and I think that just makes life so much
easier and happier when they're when
they're happy
is there a face you make when you want
something
oh god praise did that because sorry
methey because know we knew growing up
that you do not ask more than once if I
asked mom if I could go Swit swim in the
swimming pool and she said no oh don't
let her find out you ask dad because
they are both on the same page and I
don't know we just weren't that tight -
dad can you please help this no no we
didn't really have a thing but dad right
but I had a fish and it was usually a
stern look or a mean look that you know
okay it's business time quit laughing
quit talking sit down
behave yourself and so the knee grab oh
yeah we would more than a look was a
yeah yeah grabbing their New York which
was basically the worst it was like you
just something like it's not as
effective anymore and I don't really
like this next question have you or your
dad / daughter ever had a really big
fight and I think I don't love the
question cuz honestly my dad forgives
and forgets I mean I don't know I just
if that could probably be one of my one
of dads best qualities is forgiving you
forgetting sorry yeah well well while
you're drying the tears I've got one
that kind of sticks out in my mind it
really wasn't a fight between you and I
or Ellie and me but I remember one day I
could hear Ellie crying downstairs I
mean she was just beside herself and it
was just before school started I thought
oh great you know we're gonna send the
kids to school crying and upset and
don't know what was going on and and
body come running up the stairs and was
heading out the door and I said well
you're not going
anywhere and yet did I find out what
happened to Ellie so Ellie comes up and
she's just in tears and you know and
after she stopped crying she she find
got it out that Bonnie's wearing her
brand and shirt she had never worn it
still had the tags on it was orange and
Oh
what do you mean where is it bonnie has
it on she's wearing it to school and and
it was I came here if it was spring or
fall day like she had her coat on so we
made body take her coat off and there's
this little shirt for Ellie on Bonnie
who's like very mature yeah several
years older and so such a nice turnout
bonnie bonnie ended up having to change
the shirt obviously in and Ellie was a
little happy but other than it was all
stretched out but that was reason when
you when you talked about fire are you
sad one time yeah yeah I like that
that's good
well you can see why we love our dad I
if anyone knows us they know we love our
dad he's the best so on this is a fun
but it's a fun challenge to do you're
cute
thank you thanks for watching this tag
it was a lot of fun to do
bye guys bye I used to be your bloopers
all I have right now is bloopers okay
and this is a lot of fun for us to do
