today I'm going to do a look that I have
worn the entire summer I'm kind of sad
to see August coming to a close because
I have really enjoyed the warm summer
and peachy looks that I have seen all
over the place I wanted to hurry and
record mine before it got a little bit
too cold so here is the look that I wore
all summer and I hope you enjoy it I
will be starting with my foundation
already done I have a slight highlight
and contour which I do the same every
single time I do a makeup look this is
basically the base of any makeup look
that I do so we'll zoom in to my eyes
and start with the eyes first I always
start with a crease color I'll be
starting with a peachy color from
Mirabella I'm not sure if it's a very
familiar line to most people I'm going
to start by going in my crease just
right here the crease color is important
because it helps you blend everything
else out and you kind of don't have to
be too exact but you mostly just want it
in the crease and I like to kind of do
the edges of my eyes as well just a
little bit just helps with the blending
process and you don't want to go too far
out on your eye right here
I don't go past the center of my eye
with it I try to keep it I try to keep
it in the inner corner and I don't go
above right here where you can see my
creases I never used to pay too close
attention to that and I think that's
what made my eyes look sloppy sometimes
is by just taking this kind of
everywhere
you just want to keep it close to the
lid down here
with more of a flat fluffy brush I'll
take just a little bit more of that
peachy color not a lot I just sweep up
underneath my eye like this
you
slightly take on the out the outer lid
and I'm really careful not to go above
the peachy color I just put down I just
want it on the outer edge kind of
working it up into the crease just
slightly
I just want to keep it really light so I
don't want to take the darker color in
very far I'm then gonna take my fluffy
brush again and just make sure that
that's blended softly so there's no
lines
using an angle brush I'm going to very
very lightly line my eyes with a brown
eyeliner I'm using a fluid line by Mac
not gonna do any type of wing or
anything crazy I just want to keep it
really simple
I want to keep it pretty close to my
lashline I am gonna go underneath and
line the inner part of my lash line so
that when you put your false lashes on
you don't see any gaps or skin color
okay I applied my false lashes and we
are going to move on to blush I'm going
to be using peaches by Mac it looks
really orange but don't let it scare you
it goes on actually very very pretty
you can see where my cheekbone is and I
like and I don't like to go below the
hollows of my cheek I kind of like to
keep it on the lower end like i angle my
brush up towards my cheekbone like this
my most used item this summer was the
benefit sugar bomb it comes in the same
package as their bronzer it's just an
orange e color and it kind of has a
shimmer to it and it's super light so I
like to use it as kind of a highlight
kind of a shimmer on the top part of my
cheekbone
and it probably doesn't make that big of
a difference on camera but when you go
out in this Sun it gives you that really
kind of peachy glowing look when you
turn your head just right it kind of
captures the light and I think it's
really pretty to finish off our look I'm
going to apply a coral color lipstick
what I'm using is coral bliss and I
don't think I need to show you my
lipstick tubes I let a niece of mine
Emma I let her use my lipsticks to keep
her occupied well worth it
my lipsticks just aren't as pretty
if you like the way your lipstick looks
you can keep it that way
I like to apply a really nude light
color over the top just to kind of matte
and mute that orange color down and that
is it for my peachy look thank you for
watching
