I'm not one of them the three wisest men
but I got can open hot if you feel alone
I don't care about I don't think we need
that light how are you no I'm not rusty
oh I get what you're saying
perfect okay you know what if you guys
touch those houses they will fall over
the edge of the stairs
so I'm gonna tell you what let's move
the houses and get some breakfast I hope
we get the most awesome snow ever today
the time has come to make gingerbread
houses
Lincoln cannot see her the candy any
longer so I need to warm these up just a
little so we're gonna put them in some
hot water water run and then get you
boys are gonna share this icing bag okay
look there's a hole I cut a hole where
to go oh right here at the top so you
squeeze the bag to get the icing to come
out
and this one is mommy's yeah dad cut him
off and in the process he cut his finger
it's like an artist with candy
you are an artist let's know hey don't
eat these Lincoln look I'm gonna give
you something but you can't eat them yet
okay we're gonna put them on your
gingerbread house how can you put your
candy right on the frosting you know
just what to do right there to get in
our place and then so I put it right
here
people could eat both kids I have
parties so sad
hey chill out on eating the candy
today this isn't a eating contest it's
Christmas snow starts to fall then you
know this Christmas all the children of
the hall then you know it's Christmas
we should put these in front of the fire
which to stand against it
here we should be cooking this yeah
however stays head up sooner fears his
resume and gathers all this frame when
son
okay let me see the final products
everybody everyone wants to see you no
I'm not taking a picture they're like
getting ready for pictures here baby I
did Olivia help you with yours
Olivia helped you with yours you know
actually the floor is not near as bad
cuz I was kind of thinking it was gonna
be if you job you guys this is mine this
is my mom's this is Boston's Boston he's
okay
Olivia you can kind of watch Lincoln a
little bit when you guys are outside is
your coat too small Lincoln you ready to
go outside well who is that whose hat
are you wearing
oh no you're wearing Calvin's okay go
find Olivia and Boston there's the way
yeah I'm getting a sleigh
you're gonna tire yourself out real fast
pulling him around you know that right
yeah I know I'm like uh be careful with
them okay Olivia no no no Boston okay
this is totally turned out to be an
impromptu social experiment but it's
pretty good
take it ready this lady you're gonna
drop the bomb on her it's funny not
everybody actually will say Merry
Christmas back but without fail they all
smile and give away without fail awesome
Lincoln guy was gonna go fix her hair
cuz she saw me pull the camera well
we'll see what grandma and grandpa say
she's been working all day don't judge
her okay we're dropping the kids off
with Joel's parents I feel a little
guilty about it Joel and I are gonna go
see one neato Bandito again and so the
kids are gonna help do some chocolates
did it taste good no geez yeah they're
gonna get nothing done with my children
here
you need to be nice you need to be nice
what are you doing back here analyzing
my dad's work these were never organized
like this until my dad now he's gotten
everything labeled these dark chocolate
peanuts are cooling no those are just
regular they're taped up that's that's
what they are
what's in him peanut clusters he knew I
would have rigged up oh these are all
Wow Wow we got home from church Amasa
has been dying to yes you can be done
he's been dying to show me what he did
at church today huh is it a game no I
bet you the story Mary Lou is having a
bit Jesus in the angel said you're gonna
have a baby and up she went to a hotel
where she said can we sleep here in the
guy said we don't have any room so they
uh they riding a donkey
and then it says why do you make sure
you help us get to baby Jesus and then
he said yes and then they um they got
chopped and then the baby came out of
Barry's tummy was Jesus and he's Joseph
and what's this one oh uh that one said
I'm gonna meet uh Mary's baby mm-hmm and
they went could get married baby in
Redditch I need that hint and what does
this one mean they help them find baby
Jesus oh the start of the wise man did
and start help the wise men
and what about this fund starting with
thank you I'm sorry I guess I just
wasn't following history exactly well
thank her for telling me what you
learned at church
I'm their baby Jesus in sight you're
right she tripled it this time
if you food this corn is so sweet this
is maybe the back did you write it yeah
good job I mean that is so fun it is
Sunday evening and the kids were just
hanging out in the basement we've got
the fireplace going you guys remember I
was telling you that we have a viewer
that watches our videos and she's a very
special viewer she asked her parents the
only thing that she wanted was to come
and meet our family for her Christmas
and we know their grandparents and so
their grandparents were like let us see
what we can do and we absolutely love
their grandparents and so they contacted
us and of course we want to be able to
say hi and we're gonna take pictures
with her olivia should i have you stay
in your bunny outfit maybe she'll get a
kick out of that I'm debating I'm like
you should everybody be dressed and look
I bet she will love seeing you and your
bunny outfit I bet she'll like it
let's go and freshen up your hair and
then you guys will be able to meet our
special viewer okay so we're gonna close
the block here and then we'll do like
some little montage you thing with them
when they get here okay see you guys
later bye Jonathan answer the door look
how excited the kids are they're like
she's hi please come in guys hi what do
you have oh my gosh thank you so much
try to put down the kitchen guys
and via air where yeah where you hide in
Boston come on in guys yes please after
school
that's good she's doing after school not
be forced
we
