the reason I wanted to start a kind of a
beauty channel is because I have loved
makeup and nails and hair ever since I
was little I mean the first time I
started sneaking concealer was in sixth
grade and my of course I was too young
to be wearing it and I knew that my mom
would let me start wearing mascara and
blush in seventh grade but I always
wanted to wear it because I've always
had these dark circles under my eyes I
think she knew I think it was obvious I
think she just let me do it because well
I have the best mom in the world I've
gotten older I've learned a few things
and I know I'm not the best I am nowhere
close I feel very timid doing these
because I feel like oh I am not good
enough I just thought you know what
would it hurt why not make a why not
make a little channel and if people
watch it they watch it and if they don't
they don't everything that I have in my
room and everything that we use
including fixing our shaky lights that
we had I will put down in the
description bar below where it says
detail I hope you can follow me along as
I do this and as I learn and we'll just
get better together
you
you
okay this is the finished room it's just
little just enough room for me to sit in
and record some makeup tutorials here is
the little dresser that i standed a
painted like okey you those little
handles are they came from Hobby Lobby
um just a couple little things I put my
nails stuff in that box and isn't that
dress for him just the cutest it pretty
much was really shaky and not the best
quality but it looks good on camera and
my husband is handy so he kind of
stabilized it for me the wall turned up
just super cute and I painted and
reupholstered that chair and put a rug
down and that is about it
