I'm pretty excited for today tonight I
have a nother outing with the young
man's we're actually doing our planning
for all of next year's activities so
it's kind of a young man work-related
trip but it's always fun to get with the
boys and play card games stay up have
fun eat lots of junk food although I'm
gonna lean towards the oranges and
bananas because us boys could use all
the vitamin C we need right now so we
stay healthy but I'm trying to find
snacks and I just don't know what I
ultimately want that's the worst part
about trying to find snacks is what do
you actually want because I have all of
this this guy right here he puts out
everything for me so I just don't know
what I want now for snacks and I got to
figure that out
where's the jerky that's where I need to
know where's the jerky okay see that's
the one snack you go on every campout
you don't have to eat it you just have
to bring it along so that it's an
official campout you're good you can JK
I'm not gonna lie this one's a little
weird it has a turkey with my shirt in a
robe that turkeys going climbing I hate
that Turkey or say this this cow he's
going backpacking I don't want that cow
there's the fatty that's like a stogie
oh my gosh that thing's huge or the
bully it's like a brick that's like a
steak oh this is like the giant the
bigger fatty see it's twice as long well
we got it we were gonna go with the old
trapper teriyaki beef jerky this morning
I got up and I drove down an hour to go
get my hair done and and then I drove an
hour home and it was the best drive home
I swear in the world
I turned the music up loud I sang my
heart out dance my heart out as I drove
for the beautiful foggy canyon the
entire way was just fog on the way home
and it was incredible and the whole time
I was thinking about last night at my
dad's birthday party and I just like I
laughed out loud to myself it was it was
amazing and now that I'm home
I just feel really rejuvenated to like
enjoy my kitties are you greeting me at
the door well that was perfect timing
well he kind of I he's putting himself
in the corner tell me why I told you you
couldn't have quiet time today and you
had to take a nap
money cuz you were not nice to the
babysitter last night right let's not
talk about quiet time yet okay what are
you gonna show me Oh Mike witness do you
know what other elves don't get that
freezing did you find him this morning
yeah
are you gonna be nicer to the babysitter
next time I'm not gonna get too mad
because I was not always
I wasn't always good for babysitter's
either but I always got in trouble and
so maybe that's what made me learn from
it or maybe I just grew up and got
better I don't know babysitters is a
hard deal isn't it you just want to have
fun you don't want to go to bed baby
carries like not even listening we are
off to a bit of a rough morning Bonnie
called me and said she had to make a mad
dash this morning to the restroom I just
had to recommend a service well what the
heck we ate or what's in our bellies
would give us a little bug but I don't
feel good don't feel very good but I'm
on a test to get some gingerbread houses
for buying the kids tonight while I am
done so I gotta find some gingerbread
houses hopefully make it at the rest
room in time again next time I need to
and not embarrass myself publicly I want
people know I gotta go potty
dude all the food things we're finding
gingerbread house kits would not be the
most difficult thing in the world
honestly this time of year it gets
ridiculous
I think I got a better chance of finding
them in a store available in July I'm
gonna try Smith's marketplace see if we
can find some there a Walmart did not
have any I did not see any of these we
have Macy's we have a few other stores I
could check I will go home with them
today I will go home with them for my
wife come on these things
well that was absolutely eventful after
five stores we got treats for tonight's
outing and I got all of the gingerbread
houses that we need now I can finally go
home miss Snap is getting better
Boston's punishment is mommy's reward I
know how much he loves quiet time so I
guess I have to take a nap with him
since that's what we're doing for quiet
and when you asked her if she would
marry you what did she say she said no
you can't rude you don't want to marry
someone rude anyway right let me is that
read who else would you want to marry
Bri but she already got married you
gotta find you someone good yeah I'll
tell you what when you're old enough to
get married
well last at and see what he says if he
says it's okay ladies Cody's faster
going and I can't marry you because Cody
marries me first yeah this is a really
tough decision
you seem like Olivia's perfume because I
get a new hair I bet they're early
that's I know it smells good
I bet there are a lot of girls that
would marry you
would you have to be a nice guy you're
not nice no one's gonna want to marry
you so you gotta be nice I know who to
marry huh Eliza I'll tell you on Sunday
when we go to church you can ask her
okay but I would make her listen I guess
she'd go better than she grew better or
like taller faster she's older she's
order and she grew faster than Eliza
all right we gotta ask her hey
my pants he made a fireplace all by
himself good job can you eat your
fireplace please so good I'm gonna
pretend that I'm not mad that Joel left
these in the bathroom and I'm gonna
pretend that I'm not mad at you for
cutting your hair with them we had the
perfect swoop going to I'm gonna let you
still sleep under the tree Boston I am
NOT happy about that Cody we will put
this where my hair stuff goes in the
laundry right close to this you guys I
can't even like get mad at the kids
right now because I just feel like the
day has gone bad for the kids the day
has gone bad for mom it's just the day
has not turned out like I was hoping
why did you give your name to them I
know we know my name so I gave it to
them oh you don't want to forget who you
are
my day just took a turn for the
different that's for sure I have Ellie
come over and I was so excited I wanted
to take a short nap
get up get gingerbread house stuff ready
and it just didn't happen before Joel
left for his overnighter he's going with
the young men's before he left him got
at least the houses put together for me
all the kids were here and I was like
we're not doing this that's it I am
I am NOT doing this there's candy all
over and I was like Ellie I'm so sorry
like I'm sorry that I just can't be in a
good mood right now I can't get this put
together I was like I just cannot do
this tonight like I was so flustered and
of course I started crying and she's
like you're a hot mess today I was a hot
mess yesterday it's fine she's like just
take this is your day this is your day
to be a hot mess and that's okay which I
was like I know these are not for
tonight we're not eating these tonight
we're going to do our gingerbread houses
probably in the morning and scratch your
hair
the same way that you wash your hair
even though we didn't get to do exactly
what we were thinking today the kids are
at least going to read and they'll still
have the letter that says Boston on it
got it it's bedtime and I'm gonna let
the kids watch Nicky's once upon a
Christmas and I'm gonna let them sleep
out in the family room under the light
of the Christmas tree does that at least
sound fun okay today did not go the way
we wanted it didn't go the way you kids
wanted tomorrow will be a better day
okay yeah enjoy going to sleep tonight
I'm just doing my best to try and make
sure that the kids have a really good
December and so far the month has not
gone how I planned but usually those are
the best plans is when they don't go
according to plan anyway tomorrow we're
gonna start fresh I'm gonna start fresh
with the whole gingerbread situation I
all I want to do is have like an amazing
Christmas decorating day of gingerbread
houses and it's just not happening
anyway kids are gonna watch a show I'm
probably gonna go upstairs and take a
bath or something with Joel being gone
and just wind down for the night thank
you guys for watching and we'll see you
tomorrow good night
children my dear you know the
forecasting
