I'm not even gonna try to explain when
can I heard you coughing last night are
you coughing you make me you won you
made me lose a little diaper but I see
those little babies in there what movie
do you want to watch get out of my face
you sent them long back I loved watching
that with all their little kids never
watched on Philippian that was the first
movie to take her - yeah those are two
year old too bad I feel like he's just
too young for him
got a package from Amazon today can you
guys take one guess who made this order
we get your shoes done up what do you
need help with velcro for buddy there
you go you're bodacious beam where we
going
gamma Steve yeah Larry cookie to deliver
some cookies you need some well how you
feeling well you got you a nice little
go pet that's not a toy don't play on
that so what's your repair time gonna be
up for skiing this weekend Yeah right
hateful like they go back in and they
put a cast on hard cast well that's a
few weeks away
April 9th then just about three weeks on
that I know that looks like fun Boston
but don't you dare he already knows he
knows he's not allowed to let's get a
broken foot a surgery foot he had
surgery on his feet can you sing that
song for me again please
thank you no thank you
it's a bad this is the best magic show
ever thank you guys oh you know thank
you we're sorry you're not a good
magician Lincoln is it time for your nap
there they are
hey buddy let's go get some stuff for
grandpa okay we've already taken care of
it but he needs a few items from Home
Depot so we're gonna get
but go figure the store in Orange has it
but it's outrageously priced
outrageously priced and it's in a really
random spot we're gonna go check the
store in blue I know that competitors
don't want to defend one of the other
but I'm just saying that I choose blue
over orange most of the time that's
inappropriate before we take your nap
and before I give you your binky you
have to sing the itsy bitsy spider for
me the itsy bitsy spider can the rain
anyone out came the Sun and dried up all
the rain yeah
as per our agreement go get on your bed
with me because this is left yeah my
left ear is hurting and they got a hug a
couple days ago and so we came to the
doctor's office - we're gonna get it
checked
Olivia's ear bothers her off and on for
quite a while now ever since we got back
from Hawaii which was a year ago so
we're just gonna get a looked at again
let's maybe it just needs to be back in
Hawaii in order for it to feel better
yeah let's look up at the lights and
pretend we're in Hawaii pretend that's
the Sun and it feels so good can you
hear the heater going doesn't that sound
like the ocean what you learn in there
today
yep the doctor is telling her all about
what an eardrum was huh and how we can
hear so she has a tiny bit of an ear
infection but not enough that we're
gonna give you antibiotics yet right
Boston and I were planning on just
dropping a thing off in my dad's when I
came in to check on it this book keeps
bleeding through and the doctor said
that is a good thing because obviously
circulation is working but it's bleeding
through a lot this is two days in a row
so I think we may need to take some
action on this or some maybe go to a
hospital I'll miss the ground till we
get it figured out and you're just gonna
party hey Boston will you come upstairs
bud you're gonna go with me but killer
well grandma's not doing so good so
we're gonna take him up to the hospital
okay we're gonna leave a note for
Grandma and she'll come find us okay I
just looked forward for me okay so we're
gonna take that up cuz their way they're
gonna they said to bring him in as soon
as we can so we'll meet you up there
okay we'll see mom
it's funny yesterday I tried all day
long to get down to see my dad what
seemed like an inconvenience and messed
up my schedule turned out to be a real
blessing because if I'd have been there
today or yesterday my dad wouldn't uh
needed me you know but I'm here today
and he needs me because my mom's gone
for a minute she's gonna meet us there
luckily but I'm just happy that I'm able
to help him out
I don't know if you know this Deb but I
expect large tips mm-hmm
all right Tito your job is make sure
dick grandpa does not walk away okay
that's right
they got my dad's foot all unwrapped and
stuff I didn't quite want to see that so
I let him and my mom take care of that
on their own the embossed are waiting at
my parents house for my dad to get home
so I can help him in and up the stairs
so until then we're just gonna hang out
probably watch a movie and do some
puzzles deal Dre I'm us any new way with
some goldfish for your service hmm okay
you better give gamma hug big hug
