okay it's a bunny let's go mm-hmm
good morning everybody this morning's a
big morning actually this morning's not
a big this morning's not a big morning
at all but bonnie is getting ready for
the day I am hanging out with the
chitlins doing some work this morning
and we are gonna watch some Christmas
shows when I was a little boy we had a
paper route when we would deliver the
newspapers my mom would drive us around
to all the paper yes Daddy
paw patrol I don't know why you're angry
about paw patrol you love paw patrol but
you're seem to be very angry about it my
mom would let us listen to whatever
radio station we wanted within reason as
long as I was in appropriate when it was
December it was her turn to have the
radio and she listened to Christmas
music only
we watched Christmas shows only and I
remember like just being like I am NOT
doing that I'm not gonna do that as an
adult not paw patrol time yet Sun tell a
story any hue before I was so rudely
interrupted did your teacher say that in
school my teachers always said that and
it's probably about me too
anyway I thought my mom's crazy I'm
never gonna do it that way that's
ridiculous
hmm fast forward 20 years that's how I
feel I feel like it's December we're not
watching paw patrol unless there's a
Christmas edition we're watching
Christmas movies we're gonna watch The
Polar Express we're gonna watch The
Santa Clause we're gonna watch Rudolph
we're going to watch something with the
fat Polly jolly man yeah and I realized
we have not watched the Polar Express
yet this year so this morning I am gonna
put that on for Boston and Lincoln stop
running on my couch in it's gonna be
happy it's gonna be holiday and the
thing is I like the Christmas music to
now and another tradition we always
watch my Christmas well I take that back
that tradition is is that I watch it I
usually have to find a night when
Bonnie's gone with all of her sisters or
siblings or whatever and I watch white
Christmas by myself Olivia does like it
Olivia does like it
fun fact Danny Kaye from Ogden Utah all
right story times gonna continue one
more time when the Polar Express came
into theaters it was like four or five
months just before I was going on my
mission and I took Bonnie on the date to
it and I actually took her and Ellie and
Julie and one of it Bonnie's good
friends from high school all to learn
all to the movie and we went and saw
Polar Express it's no secret that I'm an
emotional person like that is I you guys
we just went in for like pre tax meeting
for a like just kind of like the air tax
and maybe your pre-tax prep hey that's
exactly what it was and what do you know
we end with like crying I wanted to like
hug him we hugged and like it just I
don't know I love working with people
business-wise but like getting to know
people on like a more personal level is
such a like I don't know awesome things
well in business and friendship is a
really hard thing like we work with
family we and I I don't know oh right
here I don't know I don't even know what
I'm saying I'm just saying I really love
my tax guy
they added seating to our favorite
restaurant look I was sweet this little
goodness
this is the cutest and I know this is
weird like I like seeing see see see so
this is really light don't put your feet
on it to scoot your body back into the
seat because you will launch it across
the place so like in China if you sit
facing the door to see who's in you're
commanding the room I'll run everything
by you yes Joe what are you really well
there's this invigorating article about
a local ski resort they're just some
regular Joe roped oh really let me okay
let me see your ski Utah magazine what
Edition is it um cherry peak resort the
family man Joe holing 35 when did you
turn 35 I want to be taken seriously you
did not no idea did they just guess on
your age maybe they put their -
backwards the family man Joe Howe lean
third look how you are this is the
resort that we always Joel always takes
the kiss Joel his wife and their four
kids live up the road in the college
town of Logan Utah when his family is
not traveling the world documenting
their adventures as professional
youtubers the family loves making a day
or night of it at cherry peak there's
magic in that magic carpet he says Oh
Joel loves the fact that cherry peak
hires lift operators to help new skiers
get on and off the magic carpet
that's what I do what I do whatever I'm
doing at the computer comes down to it
took me months to compile that this is
kind of funny this is like dumb luck it
was just random and they took that
picture and then I found out who not
necessarily who it was but they wanted
to interview the person who was in the
picture just happened to be on em to be
s is just kind of random luck but it's
fun that's my quiet time play and Boston
have we gotten here cupcakes all right
to a little baby cupcakes oh and a piece
of gum don't forget the gum people we
will give you the camera up there first
I need you to show them how cool your
hat is my hand it's cool come here do
you feel like you feel pretty cool in
that hat yeah
all right cool guy comes to them come on
cool guy
Cody are you shy no okay what were you
guys talking about Boston just Cody have
a wall ball yes do you have a like what
kinds I was laughing at the boys because
they were talking about hey Boston said
and I'm a wall ball he's like yes you do
and Cody said Boston's like it's rubber
and Cody's like yeah but it's the wrong
kind of rubber and Cody was going over
the different types of rubber that and
he said you show you something but I
thought it was really cute that you were
talking about the different types of
balls I know I wonder if maybe they fell
asleep before they were supposed to move
what the heck they seemed kind of lazy
this year do you think so - Cody I turn
you spell fight or full light
Edouard by I'm gh gh T hmm there's no e
alright Olivia we're gonna go through
your room first thing I need you to do
is go get one garbage bag from the
garage we are going to throw away random
garbage that we've collected over time
Olivia's room stays pretty clean for the
most part she's really good about making
her bed but like all kids it just gets a
little junky in some areas Olivia you're
the most creative girl I've ever known
this is my old bracelet that I made and
Olivia found it and attached it to a
bell and there you have it
so Christmas ornament when did you cut
her hair I don't well that too but I
don't remember ever seeing her okay go
put this do you know how many times I'm
like Olivia where is this boat we need
this boat for your hair she's like I
don't know and then I'm upset because I
can't find her boat and I know that it's
somewhere on one of her dolls cat that
goes around your face you are
repurposing her skirt I think it looks
wonderful okay so I got this for my
friend it's like one of the little
things that you can get and I got the
Queen of Hearts I'm going through and
just cleaning out some of her stuff one
of my favorite things is finding little
notes like this it says they love their
Elfman red and scarlet they tried
looking for the up but they could not
find them
the
and temperament also I can keep it with
Mike ain't that bad
Olivia and I have been making tons of
progress we were able to clean up four
of those shelves that's pretty stinking
good right well that's assuming you're
gonna get anything for Christmas right
did it just break oh that's okay I'm
sure you will find some way to repurpose
that Olivia you repurpose everything but
I want to show you guys my baby picture
how old my hair younger than Boston
older than Lincoln I'm guessing I was
about three here who do you guys see you
have my kids in this picture there's
eyes my smile you got a goofy smile too
my grandma Nielsen had just cut my hair
so and that's the natural way that I had
going on that is baby boy needs you guys
have been watching for a while you know
that I keep all my special little things
up here because I think it's sweet that
Olivia can see them so as she grows up
and gets older she'll just always see
those special things that are special to
me she has a roomful of special things
and I just like that she can see all of
my old special we have compromised on
the junk if you will I am allowing her
to keep this it's kind of like a
changing station between doll life and
real life right and your very realistic
pictures pretty pretty that is a mirror
what else do you see what else do you
see Cheers
ah do you see that little boy shoes he's
too little for that chair you are the
cutest thing ever I think he's trying to
figure it out he's like
I'm gonna make this work here is that
mommy and daddy there's baby Lincoln
that was you you're pretty obsessed with
baby grants aren't you you know what
kind of presents I like to buy the kind
when the receiver tells you exactly what
they want and sends you a link for them
makes like yeah he was like I can't take
no moms in the room my mom would have
got mad at me why'd you stop talking
mom is sending us home with some
leftovers you 60 70 80 well okay maybe
15 yeah I'm actually not very much think
about it so that's when my youngest is
will be like like yeah that's really sad
don't die
happy birthday dad thank you thank you
I'm so glad mm apparently Bonnie likes
to end good nights with bad decisions
drinking her terrible awful fuel juice
whatever you call this junk
we literally laughed the entire night
long that was pretty good so that is one
thing I like about getting together with
Bonnie's family because there's always a
lot of laughter they always giggle well
he's probably the ringleader super
inappropriate what everything was super
inappropriate and it was amazing I loved
it okay Cheers
good night everybody see you tomorrow
bottoms up
back in the day first Friday
I was the guy to smile
you
