good morning YouTube I have been waiting
for this video for one year now I have
companies come to me all the time
wanting me to review their toys on my
channel if I said yes to even half of
them this would become a toy review
channel not a family vlogging channel so
I came up with an idea that I wanted to
collect those toys from these companies
and do one collective video but not keep
those toys for my children because my
kids are spoiled no just kidding because
we don't need them but I do know that at
Christmas time a lot of families need
these toys so for the last year I have
been collecting toys from all sorts of
different companies that I want to give
away this Christmas Bree is in here she
is gonna help me we're gonna go through
these boxes because like I said it's
been a year and so some of these I don't
remember what's in the boxes and Joel is
upstairs still reviewing video stuff
making sure we're good so you got these
like in March in April someone Wow do
you see those toys I debated whether or
not to have these guys help me because I
know they're gonna want to play with
them this is what we're gonna do I want
you guys to help me take these toys
upstairs can you help me do that
I'll help you find socks when we're done
so first I want you to take this
upstairs yep you're blinking you take it
upstairs to breathe thank you for
helping your not for yet so you don't
know how to be someone else if I got
that
I don't know if that means but okay now
look see we don't want to break it
before we send it up you've got that
well at least you guys know the kids
will like these right okay take it
upstairs and put it by the tree yeah I
know you're so strong that was a lot of
work thank you baby you guys look like
you're in a toy store maasdam that is so
cool yeah yeah let's give him a turn in
he'll let hope you will let you play in
a minute both of you think that was a
little rough for a second but we got it
figured out is it doggy it's a doggy
guitar I'm pretty proud of Lincoln and
Boston they want these toys bad and
they've seen some of these toys come in
and they've asked can we please play
with these and I've had to repeatedly
tell them these are for kids that don't
have near as many toys as you write
Boston yep is that pretty silly to see
him up there in the tree that's your
favorite song
oh you need help buckling your shirt
he can't rock out with your button
undone you are being so extremely
patient and I promise when he takes his
nap you're gonna rock so hard on that
guitar okay okay and you're being so
sweet
if Joan I want to record anything we
have to wait until the kids are in
school and Lincoln is down for a nap and
Fausta's having quiet time and believe
me I told them I would be down there in
two seconds so while I have two seconds
of peace and quiet I just want to say
how excited my family is to donate all
of these toys and we could not have done
it without some very special people that
I have worked with throughout the year I
want to start with the company back at
they manufactured toys that are on the
websites might be toys combat cocom og
dolls calm and woodsies calm they were
so generous in sending these toys for us
to do our giveaway growing up we always
had Legos and so being able to work with
a company like Lego is unreal to me they
have been so good to us and they
provided these toys for our giveaway
Rolly toys comm sent us a bunch of these
magic tracks my kids love these they're
obsessed with them fusion scooters has
been my kids go to toy for the entire
summer they have so many different kinds
and they're so versatile between boys
and girls like I just think they're like
my go-to gift for people you guys saw in
a video a while ago print X had sent us
some of these printers for your iPhones
and my kids thought they were super fun
if you guys are looking for good gift
ideas I will make sure that all of these
guys's information is in the description
below if you guys want to check out
their websites go ahead and do that I
just want to personally tell each of
these brands thank you it is a wonderful
opportunity that I have to work with
such amazing brands and I don't take
that for granted so thank you guys for
helping me put together these toys that
my family and I can donate to children
that are more in need than mine I guess
before the kids get home I should say
that they have never seen most of these
toys because I didn't want him to see
them I didn't want him to ask to play
with them like they went into a storage
room while we waited
I can hear kids yelling
yes I know believe me I want to keep all
of these toys they're so cute cuz I have
Nia
it has me as she's like she's a vet you
know and more like oh there's so much I
wanted to get your honest reaction and
your thoughts so Cody and Olivia come
listen to what our plan is we are
holding onto the Legos like are you
kidding me Cody look at me you guys eyes
on me please
Olivia turn right you guys are so
interested in the toys Cody we are gonna
find kids that don't have near as many
toys as we do or that might not get as
much for Christmas and we're going to
give them these toys okay do you think
that's a good idea
you don't want to ask for too much but
you just want everything I feel the same
way with dad I don't want to ask for so
much but I just want
everything Kody these all all these
tough nuts Christmas this is really hard
for you isn't it
do you know that at Christmas time it is
the most important thing that we give of
our means do you read know that see he's
too young to like even care a little
more you know Olivia is just a little
giver and are you happy to give toys
away to people that might need them well
even though we really couldn't - right
but for a little six-year-old Cody it's
a looks coming a little harder isn't it
it's very normal for you to want to keep
them for yourself because do you know
what when I was opening all these
presents I thought to myself man I wish
that I could keep these for Cody because
I know how much he loves Legos but guess
what there's gonna be another little boy
and what if he doesn't have any Legos at
all would you let him have the one or
would you keep one and have a third one
what do you think you would keep it you
wouldn't let him have it I'll work on it
okay guys well holiday treat are you
making you don't want to know little
apple cider vinegar to awaken the senses
to loosen up the fats kind of have
feeling let me just tell you detox lady
was telling me and I know this is like I
don't know I'm sure it's kind of bull
crap yes it's okay this is supposed to
be a detox not to like oh I'm gonna do a
detox and like lose a bunch of weight no
this is just something that you take
every morning has one cup of apple cider
vinegar one cup organic lemon juice 1
cup organic ginger we're about to smell
this no breeze of us
oh that garlic was terrible
it smells like fuel not like garbage one
cup of you would think by our third cup
not a hook one cup of that two cups raw
honey you boil it all together you
strain it through a cheesecloth and then
you can keep it in the fridge for up to
two make sure you're making bug
repellant and you take three tablespoons
a day well that's good that smells like
that smells really good I like the smell
of ginger I like the smell of ginger I
mean it looks long that's okay I'm sure
it's fine I'm sure you're good it's this
is all gonna taste like I regret I had
to set up the stove outside so I'm like
you're not boiling that in my house if I
can't cook bacon inside the house make
it smell glorious you can tree car house
up a vista deal done you're drinking
this too by the way oh no I pick up in
the gym for a reason I'm David I'm good
good lady that takes this she said her
cholesterol went from 300 down to 100 in
like a month and a half but what if I
don't have high cholesterol it's gonna
take all the cholesterol out of my body
I'm gonna like be starving for
cholesterol
you household chores one of them we have
lights la just had a baby gender
giveaway so you'll have your way
that's why she's having and you'll have
to wait inside now on your channel
because I just about died tickle me pink
these are frog box Jackson yes
Jackson made that for Cody there's
nothing fine about this this is gonna
taste awful straight teriyaki sauce with
vinegar put it is like your no shot
glasses or something
well I'm sure you try two tablespoons
probably this is very healthy for you to
be honest I know it is I used to drink
or have a tablespoon of apple cider
vinegar every day when I was a
missionary ginger juice is good for you
but straight teriyaki sauce from a
restaurant is not good for you guys do
you feel really nervous about this right
yeah better case that why why I'd like I
do it good that's the best tip you have
to do it Oh Bri did it Bri did it
doesn't ask you that it's pretty good
okay what I heard is it doesn't give you
garlic but I just have to do it when it
burns a little come on come on because
she lived in LA for a while she's fine
it isn't too bad no it isn't too bad
it's like really strong and I kind of
start after you get the girl like we'll
see how it goes in a few days hey I
can't wait either you're such a faker
I want to know your final thoughts on
this whole tide our nation thing are you
okay with it thank you guys for another
wonderful day we are so excited to go
and donate these toys I want to thank
everyone again that donated these toys
for us you guys want to check out their
links they will be in the description we
are gonna go Joel is once again on the
computer he's gonna computer non-stop so
it's kind of awesome my sequel Mike have
you walked it all today why are you
drinking your disgusting juice it was
not bad was it worth it now we'll see
bye guys
you
