what just lounging what is that
up oh my goodness that's too much food
sir pizza that's right
this morning we got fingernails clipped
and toenails clipped and fingernails
clipped and toenails clipped right
Boston you're gonna read a book you you
have an update for us it's a continuous
update yeah okay I'm going to show my
face I've shown my face plenty this week
and the scariest date possible the moon
really yeah so most of them are green
mustard number green now like there's
one or two Z's that are still just
trickling off okay so as of right now
you guys I think we're a
full-functioning monetizable Channel
Jacob oh we're not unemployed anymore
unemployment really was the best time of
our lives no it was horrid it was
absolutely horrid unemployment stinks
the first two weeks because you're just
in shock and on and other weeks you're
just like we do nothing I'm gonna do
nuts so we didn't even make it to the
blissful second no no binge watch
anything no we binge watched our
channels what we did we figured it out
people it was the moon in the book let
me see your outfit buddy you want to
send a mature you're out sharp you look
scoop back let me see you isn't that
handsome one there's another handsome
shirt underneath you want batteries in
your manger scene yeah love you Lincoln
well I know that I don't keep tissue
boxes out in the open Lincoln where did
you get this hey hey show me
Oh Lincoln Roy how many times did I take
that president away from you and tell
you to leave it alone I know you did do
you seem pretty proud of yourself Joel
here welcome back to be in my bathroom
that little showerhead there's not quite
putting out the juice that it used to
we're gonna fix that blew a hip knees I
had to clean out this little filter and
as you can see you can see through
the fun site you see here you guys
having fun
I just came walking outside Shoals over
there what are you doing fixing your
battery look at Lincoln look at him
Lincoln say what are you doing
Elliott gets a kick out of anything he
says she's like I literally can't
believe how much he talks go play with
Cobra Boston's but you do them over
there cute boy giving me a mad look
that's it you want a sleigh I went to a
facial appointment I go and I get
treatments for my rosacea and you can
see him a little rad from the treatment
and it's like I really should stop
vlogging
well I'm such a hot mess but it's just
what you're gonna get because I don't
want to wait to say the things that I'm
thinking oh there's like crumbs all over
in this chair this is directly from
Lincoln thank you Lincoln
because if I wait to say what I'm
thinking then I'm gonna forget to say it
oh my gosh I have to put the viewfinder
down okay I'm gonna go put some makeup
on I'll be back all right I hope you're
ready for the most miraculous
transformation in history a few thoughts
that I'm having is I feel tremendously
blessed that our channel is able to get
fixed
I feel sick for my friends for all the
other creators that are in this mess I
feel like if you can go through and do
the changes that YouTube is wanting you
to change and if you do not talk
negatively about YouTube and if you can
be positive
then I'm I I do have faith that this can
be fixed this whole situation can be
fixed but all growing up my dad told me
you're gonna deal with people that you
don't like you're gonna deal with
policies in life that you don't like and
that that is just life we may not love
the changes that are going on with
YouTube and to be honest
I wrapped my head around it I am happy
with the changes that YouTube is making
who doesn't want kids to be more safe
and it really was like a pride pill that
I had to swallow because I'm not
exploiting my kids I'm not doing that
well yes I was and maybe on a low level
of it I was but we all are guilty of
doing that and if your channel is
unmonitored because your channel is
guilty of that and I'm not saying that
I'm happy that everyone's channel is
demonetised what I'm saying is we have
to conform to YouTube's policies if you
want to stay on YouTube if you have any
other job in this world and you don't
conform to what your boss is telling you
you're gonna lose your job and that is
just a fact of life and the sooner we
can just get down get our channels fixed
and move forward hopefully in a movie
just that we'll be able to move forward
I guess the only thing I'm trying to say
is that my guts are just aching for my
friends and for other creators and I
don't even know and what honestly made
me feel better even if they couldn't do
anything for me I had a few wonderful
large youtubers reach out just to say
that they were and I say large as if
that leavin like makes a difference
because the people that reached out to
me they have huge channels but it
doesn't define them they're just
wonderful people and that does like make
me a little bit choked up but it was
just the fact that they were saying that
I'm sorry you know just the fact that
they offered if there's anything I can
do if you are a creator I strongly
suggest that you work very closely with
your YouTube rep work closely with them
because they are your lifeline so work
with your YouTube rep be positive with
them don't rip their faces off and
hopefully they can help get you to the
point that you need to be at are you
cold
you washed it are your hands cold did
dad tell you you could have the sled oh
you lucky dogs he folded oh come here
let me put your glove on hurry oh yeah
you're cold come here do you want to
come in the house yeah okay let's put
your glove on okay shove it in there is
it cold
such a turd I couldn't look back to make
sure that I'm still recording him if you
guys come in you need to take your boots
off and go put them by the door and then
we'll lay your snow stuff downstairs to
dry in the laundry room sure I wish I
had more than anything is a mudroom
wouldn't be amazing if wishes were
fishes one hot chocolate for mr. Boston
Wade I did not tell him to do that and
one hot chocolate for mr. Lincoln Roy
that's so good Wow he's not stopping
good thing I added plenty of milk so it
wasn't blazing hot Lincoln take a breath
no that's just a dirty towel but I have
it there because I know you're going to
spill it's just a matter of moments I
guess I'm so glad you like that Boston
do you like it as much as lieth it does
this is the hurt hot chocolate yep it's
the first hot chocolate of the season No
if anyone is looking for a good stocking
stuffer I suggest getting your husband a
Tupperware full of batteries this has
been the best president well his this
duel this is the best present for me
that I bought for my husband Joel and my
hapless ed they really loved it so
battery is for the room they finish
eating because it's almost nap time who
gave that binky to you me Boston Wade
where did you find that in that right
will you do the honors yes got it
Sodom yeah that seems scary why is
hanging stuff the most scary thing in
the world I finally got a mirror that
fits above my piano and we're trying to
hang it and it's terrifying did you get
that all on your own okay scratchy
scratchy can hear and did dad tell you
to bring your hammer Oh literally just
walked past that like you're that far
away from the wise man oh you're worse
than the kids I could have gone way
bigger than that okay let's go let's go
let's go let's go I already asked you if
I already answered you 5 7 10 25 times
you guys remember me talking about
wanting to do some fun Christmas
activities I see I see it it's amazing
hop in we are on our way to see one
needle bendito
and we're leaving Lincoln with a
babysitter because I don't think he
would do very well we're going in and
there's gonna be kids your age because
we were invited here by Bree Miller and
they are also youtubers and they have
kids so if you see kids your age you can
say hey my name is Olivia what's your
name you can say hi my name is Boston
what's your name
you already know Jackson that's my point
I'm trying to help you get to know
others Olivia did you find some friends
you guys look so cute in here
your berries are so cute they know what
to do they know to like smile and wave
we're coming to the Ellen Echo's theater
the people that own pickle bit know the
people the on yeah pickle Villa
Playhouse invited us here and we're
gonna watch the play you may recognize
me from my work in Blue Bloods
magnum p.i Tom Selleck a little bit you
guys in here is beautiful this is so fun
now that the boys are gone I want to
make out with my needle thank you
no you guys this is literally the
funniest play I have ever seen
we have been laughing our
ha funny did you guys like it the puppy
part was very funny it felt so good to
do something Christmassy with you kids
thank you guys so much for watching this
video I'm not sure what website these
guys have but I'll make sure to put
their information in the description
below because it was so nice of them to
invite us to the plane to help us kick
off the year with their celebration I
know they have another play in the salt
lake city or somewhere around there but
I got a pretty close because my
battery's flashing and has been flashing
all night so we love you guys thank you
for all your support we love you bye
