I'm just like okay it feels really weird
and kind of hard yeah to pick up a blog
like normal because life is not normal
right now we feel like we're in the
middle of are you reading what I'm
saying right through this one more time
okay no I told you I said Joel I don't
feel like recording I don't want to pick
up the camera but we've got a lot going
on so we please pick up the camera I we
were up all night listen we went through
nine hundred videos and then we went for
nine hundred videos again and and it's I
don't know it's hard to put into words
like how we've been feeling in what
we've been doing but not only mom you
can attest it's not only stressful for
us it's I mean this is like a family
affair I'm on the phone with all my
siblings and I'm like I think this is
what they're looking for I think this is
so not only has it been like just like
Jenna right hard work for us it's like
well what about my family what about my
friends don't you feel like this has
been just as hard on you as it has been
on all of us when you're going through
something like this hundreds and
hundreds of videos just to see and we've
been doing what we can to take care of
it and I think that we're gonna get this
taken care of I truly think YouTube just
wants a clean space for kids it's not
the same and I know I said this in the
other video it's not the same for these
other adult channels that's not the same
requirement for them here our family has
to be perfect
organic
and I get it I understand that it's just
been it's a hard learning curve but
we're getting that this morning we are
doing a photo shoot I mean I was up all
night I woke up this morning roll out of
bed brush my teeth my face is like a
dress are you too sick to brush your
teeth I didn't I had a job to do and I
wasn't able to get it done for the photo
shoot so mom has done everything we're
wrapping a few false presents - yeah
we'll assess the tissue box just to do
something cutesy we've just got cutesy
things and now it's like well how do we
arrange it we're just doing like a
Christmas fun like we want to have like
a Christmas page and the cookbook so
like how pretty is this okay I'm so
excited to use these I don't know how
we're gonna use a bit somehow we're
gonna use them show off the camera he
wants about everything where did you
find it in your desk
why why would I put it there I put it
there and I thought I'm gonna remember
this next year I'll guarantee we put it
there because Olivia and Cody embossing
we're not done playing with when we
packed up Christmas when I shove it
anywhere I can go okay I think something
is happening the black is lifted off our
channel so now it's just a matter of
what they want us to do I'm not really
sure but I'm like so anxious I get that
we can actually function our channel
again which we couldn't do before
monetization it's green it is no longer
red Julie pending edit is what we're
waiting on so he just requested or like
clicked the button hopefully they come
on what videos versus nine hundred don't
care when we were going through and
pulling some of the videos it look I
cried because it's like people that are
new to our channel they won't get to see
these videos and that's what made me sad
like the birth video I think will make
it public and just unmonitored ourselves
so that people can still see it but
does make me sad some of those videos
that we had to pull she doesn't even
understand how lame our day has been
it hasn't been lame but like I just feel
like we can't have like a normal blog
and maybe this is normal maybe this is
normal because it's just we're just
living Ellie and Jared over we worked on
the cookbook and now we're working on is
this your camera camera this is gonna
have some really no edits on this one
anyway we're just like getting crap done
and I'm apparently a jungle gym anyway
Brees been trying to wrangle the kids I
fell back so I'm like keep him in the
basement and keep him quiet and that's
what Boston's life has been a lot today
Lincoln he's lucky he gets to eat so
he's eating I just feel like my head is
about to explode I think this is a lot
of people's life in December but you
guys know I cancelled Brandis I canceled
everything sounds like I am not focusing
on work I am gonna focus on the kids and
you guys I haven't focused on the kids
at all so it's the truth it's not that
we want it to be like this no yeah yeah
I don't know are we gonna focus on the
kids at all this month I believe they're
gonna have a good good day we're gonna
turn our phones and computers off on
Christmas Eve and Christmas Day no we
will and we're gonna be doing some fun
stuff we just picked up a brand deal for
for this month because we need it so
this is what I was thinking I really
want to talk about budget stuff because
a lot of people they don't I don't think
well nobody knows
we talked about it if you guys want us
to talk about like how we budgeted
things how we've kind of planned for the
future because I know when crap hits the
fan last week everyone's like well this
is why you shouldn't plan on YouTube
being your full-time job this is you
know blah blah so if you guys want to
hear a little bit more in detail like
what we have planned and stuff like that
give the video a thumbs up and if
there's a lot of them then we'll I did
not have a big yawn just a second so
annoying with this big yawn well you're
boring you just kill it good kitty okay
well anyway if you want to know I missed
it I was music Cody's gonna be the
excitement in our day can you try it
they're throwing grapes yeah he's pretty
good at it
oh so close I could hear it I could hear
it like bounce it's not yeah that's
yummy
you think that's yeah do you like it you
do it is hard sometimes you just got a
little piece to suck on that okay there
almonds oh it's here yeah is juice that
special juice grandma made that that's
all I saw
mm-hmm do you like yeah I supply you and
we're gonna I mean we're definitely not
gonna make this a thumbnail but
well he got scratched up so what
happened how did you get scratched up
there is that pile of blankets and
there's a lots of toys and and that
Coach magic truck thing where that card
comes down okay he jumped into a pile of
blankets and the magic track was I hit
my head when I was coming out and good
under the table I'm sorry sweetheart let
that spoil your head
yeah it's called a sit thank you very
much like I said I rolled out of bed
this morning
and I haven't
do not touch a telly came over today
like I've taught you well my son
I bet if you guys left something out on
the table he'll still find it sure
that's a great idea
hold on first we're gonna listen to Cody
Reed go sit down and he's gonna read his
book to you okay because he messed up on
the word so now he has to start over
we're gonna end up like here we're gonna
finish doing the kids homework with it
our YouTube channel is not all the way
back to normal yet but it is looking
very very positive and I know I said
thank you in our other video but I just
want to say thank you again for the
attention on Twitter for the attention
in the comment section just your love
and support it just goes to show me I
don't even know what it goes to show me
but I just I have felt your love and I
have I don't know this has been a very
emotional time for us and I feel like
you've been well it's nice to know but
like it's not just us going with us so
we'll update you more on the YouTube
situation and I do think I want to make
a video also just kind of outlining the
new policy so okay thank you guys so
much for watching this video I will see
you guys later fight what did you know
that the ball went up like this Lincoln
is a present for a peasant what is it
