I do not even know where to begin with
this are we just like gonna do this in
front of the fireplace like we did last
time
like your last entire video we're gonna
spice it up a little and sit in front of
the Christmas tree instead of the
fireplace this time this is like my
conversation area when we have
conversations this is where we sit let's
just jump into this you guys first I
want to say thank you so much for your
insane insane support with my channel
being demonetized I have 90 it blows my
mind and I think everyone says that like
all the creator's say that like oh my
gosh you guys are so awesome you guys
helped us so much but from a very
personal spot in my heart I am telling
you thank you for reaching out to
YouTube and for doing what we asked and
doing it in a respectful way and letting
them know how much we support what they
do so that we can do what we do I can't
do what I do without them I can't do
what I do without you guys I'm just a
big pile of crap I can't do anything on
my own
I don't think so truly thank you for
helping us and doing it in a good way
YouTube reached out to me over the
weekend over the weekend I'm not sure
how common that is but I literally
dropped everything that I was doing got
on a phone call and we just kind of
talked through some things and so I want
to share with you guys a little bit
about what we talked about I want to let
the viewers know so you guys know what's
going on what to expect in the future
and then also I want to let my creator
friends know so they know what to be
doing when we were talking I expressed
to him I think this was a mistake I
think that one of your robots just swept
me up in this sweep that you're doing
and he quickly corrected me and said no
we reviewed your channel and it is not
suitable for advertisers which shocked
me and then he started naming some of
the videos that we've had you know their
real life videos they actually happened
but what YouTube does not want to see is
us exploiting the children at first I
defended me and I thought I am NOT
exploiting my children like I genuinely
don't see like that but as you look at
the intent of the thumbnails and
titles and I think all creators have
done this they take something that
happens in a video and they magnify it
and they make it seem so extreme and
that's kind of what we thought we were
supposed to be doing because that's what
would give us views and that's what
YouTube does not want to see anymore
YouTube nor I wants to see kids at all
feeling embarrassed getting hurt being
in danger and this is to the extreme I
didn't realize how how very sensitive
they are looking into channels with
children in them and let me clarify this
is not for Philip DeFranco this is not
for adult channels this is for family
channels only if you have children in
your videos we're talking to you I think
that if everybody understood the scary
kind of garbage that they have had to go
in and clean up off of YouTube involving
children is horrifying
and so I think that they are leaving
zero room for the gray area it is black
or it is white and we are we're gonna
have to change the way you do things a
little bit and that's okay if I think
that it's going to be better in the long
run for our children for ourselves and
just this community as a whole we will
keep you guys updated on the status of
our situation we did not say them a ton
over the weekend because we've just had
our faces and our computers the entire
time but we do have a ton of footage
from the prior week so last week so
we're just gonna throw in all the stuff
that we've got and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
bye guys the kids woke up at a
ridiculous time and welcome Kinect
lacerate where's my leg that's my tummy
Gerry
oh I've been hearing all sorts of things
this morning like daddy's working out
the kids woke up this morning screaming
about the Grinch I mean another of the
Grinch about read should we go see what
they were talking about hey hey I love
you
are you nervous yes that is a moose and
no this was not daddy's shirt it's mine
yes your swanee yes it's mine come on
Korea watching good dad there you want
to watch The Grinch down there on the
couch and I just found that drink where
the heck did you find it while it next
him can you bring a skirt do you know
what what I don't think she has to have
it on I think maybe she had it on last
big jump in the glass yeah do you guys
remember when you got up at like 5:00 in
the morning and I whisper yelled at you
I believe that they will fully
understand that I had a rough night
that I didn't sleep and that you kids
were up at a ridiculous time screaming
and waking up the baby I love you you
don't seem very enthused are you - you
better not
hey I want to know why you guys are so
late you lazybones how come you're so
late
he's Sydney different than scarlet he's
maybe she's sitting a little more
ladylike
maybe ready
in there just said it next week okay put
it down next to him for him but why he
doesn't take a home well we'll see what
he does I don't know why okay bust in
there lakhs it's okay Olivia I like your
scarf it's cute matches your outfit
today
there's a little more wobbly when it
didn't have anything in a huh oh wait
that boy I thought killer a little bit
more stability there you know there's a
physics lesson in there somewhere
I'm not physicists
did you learn in times today that if you
put a cup on somebody's head with half
water upstate no it was a good game
these things know what's inside before
these guys yep your mouth kind of
grossed me out
but that crime is going is clockwise but
if it goes the other way the opposite
from it's called
counter clockwise counter clockwise like
counter clockwise I never learned it I
didn't
little girl body is taking an avid well
deserve she was up all my last night
stomach in a twist minded twist just
everything just kind of bent out of
shape from all of a situation right now
I have to tell you guys about a system
that really works out for Ellie and I
it's what keeps us friends so I texted
Ellie and I said I'm in town I'm picking
up lunch do you want lunch and she's
like you need to text me when you're
ready and I'll let you know if I'm ready
and we just know Ellie's downstairs
hanging up no I was saying we have a
really good system that keeps us friends
oh yeah our kids are always really crazy
hi yeah basically we can tell each other
no when we need to tell each other no
and we're just very honest with each
other and that's our system and we enjoy
it and we take turns buying lunch so the
other day they bought lunch and now
we're buying lunch it's a really great
system do you think I system is good
when your system includes a fang-banger
first one in goes first oh don't run
don't run around a parking lot you
hoodlums
okay last time Cody who it let's see
Boston you were first last time because
when I came in last time Boston Cody was
still get his haircut so Cody will be
first this time okay it doesn't really
matter we're not going anywhere until
dad's done getting his haircut Bonnie
told us we are going to get haircuts
today and that is the goal that is all
we have to accomplish today's haircuts
okay this is a pretty good haircut but
if you get a watch TV and you want to
turn it's gonna be your turn as soon as
Cody's done look sharp
Kamui look sharp let's go home and show
Mom are impressive haircuts okay yeah
going to get your hair cut is kind of a
bomb now cuz when we go to they're put
on a little bit of dude perfect the boys
had treats the whole time and you make a
three-hour trip to bed it's not too bad
I enjoyed it I was getting ready to show
you guys this one Cody got a huge smile
on his face Santa Clauses fun Santa
Claus likes kids Santa Claus needs elves
did you draw that by yourself that is an
awesome picture
