okay you guys I am sure some of you are
not aware and we had this we had a vlog
a regular vlog and that was scheduled
and ready to go for tomorrow and I just
said Joel I'm not putting that up look I
don't want to put that up I want to just
sit down and talk to everybody and we
try really hard not to cry no it's gonna
happen I'm gonna bawl our channel was
unmonitored which means that we are not
getting paid like our paycheck went from
getting paid for doing our videos to
zero
that's what monetizing means we get paid
for putting up aren't these videos and
we get paid by the views on these videos
I tell you tubers have their income yeah
that's how we make a living and we were
very aware that YouTube is doing a
cleanup there is a lot of inappropriate
content that gets put out on YouTube and
we are in full support of YouTube going
in and cleaning up content that is not
appropriate for younger viewers even
adults and we actually knew about this
that this was gonna be happening months
ago we knew YouTube was on the on the
ball starting to do this we kind of
honestly thought that's a great thing
that really will benefit us because we
put out clean
content so it really should be a great
thing to benefit us and viewers a few of
our friends got unmonitored a few of our
friends have had their channels deleted
and I've been sick I was on the phone
with my sister we've all been having
these conversations together saying you
know we're so grateful that we've been
able to keep our noses clean so that we
will not be in this line of fire and
we've had a few videos on monetize when
we talk about historical things we've
had to be very careful with a few
wording and titling things but we've
been able to fix those things we don't
have any strikes on our channel good
standing we're in good standing with
YouTube and the other day I got on and I
saw that our channel had gone black
which means every video my entire
channel was
monetised and i think i was just in
shock cuz I'm like it's okay like we'll
get it fixed and then as you start
trying to get it fixed realizing that
there's no one to contact we don't know
why transparency about the situation
yeah there's not anything that stays out
of it a loss mm-hmm then the next day it
was like okay let's just go through our
channel get things fixed that could
possibly be what the problem is
so we spent the entire day trying to go
in and just guess cuz they we were not
given we're not given specifics there is
a little bit more information as we've
been able to learn but immediately after
have no idea what you're doing
so then today it was like I just needed
a little space like we just really just
kind of today was not good today was not
a good day um and I told y'all I said
because it's kind of looking like our
channels not gonna be fixed and I cannot
express my gratitude enough to those
that are helping us because I were
helpless like there's nothing we can do
and thankfully we know a few people
before we are even for them just taking
the time in train away from their own
personal channels to do these things so
what I want to say is that I am not
crying because I'm not making money I'm
crying because it's the reality that
this might not be our life anymore we
might not be able to do these videos and
and very very honestly I feel like I'm I
could potentially lose all my friends
like and that sounds corny it really
does it might not seem genuine to people
but when we were uploading the video
yesterday knowing that we wouldn't get
paid for it it wasn't that it was just
like I've been uploading for three over
three years like this is what we do and
I love it I feel like we just got laid
off before Christmas we do speaking we
were talking about being unemployed the
other day I take it back I think the
difference is we we didn't get laid off
we actually just got asked to do our
work for free
and I think it requires like a 60 hour
work week looks like I don't care I'm
gonna put videos up anyway like we're
gonna continue this because this is our
life and this is what we're doing and
we're not stopping until it's like a
hundred percent in stone but what we
would like to ask of you guys is that if
you maybe just let YouTube know that we
are a clean Channel I mean that's where
influencers that's what we do one thing
that we want to keep in mind though is
we want this to be positive because
YouTube is doing this to be positive we
just got caught in the mix somehow and
so of other good clean channels and so
we want this to stay positive and let
YouTube know we appreciate yet they're
doing but we also want to support good
clean channels too yeah so what I would
like what I would love if you guys did
either make an Instagram post or a tour
a tweet I think Twitter would be the
best place to go and comment down below
- yeah I'm gonna put Twitter's tags
below tag them and tell them we support
you cleaning up YouTube content at
Bonnie howleen is a clean family Channel
please do not do monetize her that would
mean so much to me if we could tell them
that we support you but we also very
much support bodies clean channel it
would it will help hopefully it will
help in aiding us staying a family
channel we'd like to keep doing this
obviously if you don't to keep doing
this we enjoy what we do we want to keep
doing it so that we can do it for you
guys we love creating content I love
sitting down and editing knowing
somebody's gonna get a giggle out of
this somebody's gonna get a smile out of
this somebody's gonna pick up this
reference but it's not feasible to do if
you have to work a whole another job or
what not if it can't be your full-time
gig if there's a reason that we went
full-time doing it it's a full-time job
doing these videos so I don't know we we
appreciate you guys we love you and if
this ends and it does not come back on I
have come out of it knowing that like I
was able to live for three years the
best life I've ever lived with the best
in the world yeah doing the most awesome
things and it is only because of you
guys and I am grateful for what it's
been and if we go to being unemployed
and losers we're gonna be happy while we
do it that's the truth but my turn right
we do not have an employer but my heart
is broken my heart is broken right now
but I am very grateful for the people
that are around me um because it's like
in my heart of hearts I know it can be
fixed if if we can just reach the right
people so I
