good morning you guys oh okay
will you tell me what this is it's a
heart yeah but what's on the heart I
who's that wait hold on a little girl of
you I made at church my word
that is so cute little baby of you and
then will you tell me what this is I
think I can already guess these are
steps three stars in you do the stars no
my teacher helped right she tried to the
moon
oh so you didn't draw these people okay
I was going to treat and that's a sheep
but my teacher tried it for me because I
couldn't drag those and he loved it and
then I couldn't drop that well and
that's the man Joseph
yeah and that's baby Jesus and that's
the angel and these are stars and you
love it
I think Olivia had the same idea she has
a few music notes in here and I
guarantee she drew this one on her own
you just saw a link and run past with a
duster thank you are you what I Spit I
don't know what you're saying
did you tip your piano over oh my gosh
that's not very nice but I'm sure you're
just doing it too oh yes are you
cleaning your crib I think what you're
actually doing is spreading more dust
but you know what that's okay it's for
the cause right mm-hmm
good job thank you so much
thank you and I am drying my hair and I
am drying my hair that is correct
yep Austin is so excited to get ready
and go out and play in the snow the kids
will be home from school any minute so
that's what Boston's planning on doing
hey hope the pants are always first kids
are gonna be home any minute so I'm
pulling out my dusty snow boots they
haven't been touched in over a year
so I'm getting ready to go play outside
oh there's a dirty old sock in here huh
that's probably stinky weather he
happened
this year I got rid of a winter coat
that I have had since before Olivia was
born so it's eight and a half years old
it was a little hard to get rid of it
but I found this little ditty online and
it matched Olivia's coat and I just had
to like I had to get it I am so excited
to have a new coat in a minute since
I've had a new winter coat and if you
can't tell by outside it's needed the
only thing that I do not have is snow
pants I need some snow pants Boston
yelled at me because I didn't have any
snow pants how are you supposed to play
in the snow with us where did you find
an Orbeez for my teachers my science
teacher that's awesome it matches your
coat ha ha not just my cow you know did
you just break in your no I just like
you know throw on the snow and see if it
makes the snow pink burden why I want to
keep it no you're not gonna keep it Oh
perfect temperature out here too no I
know you believe that what the heck
maybe this snow is holding them up it's
that time of the year again when it's
hey are you angry displays just playing
that these boys play a little
differently than girls is what my
observation as a mom is don't you dare
lick that Paul Boston Wade you I'm
seriously Boston I don't even know he
already did you didn't even listen when
mom says don't do that and Olivia says
don't do that do you even understand why
we're telling you not to do that how
come you can't put your tongue on there
yeah if it was any colder it would have
you need to listen
Olivia's like having PTSD right now so
my good grief Boston you just don't live
it please the hardest one I know I know
that's why you always get mad at the
boys it feels so refreshing and
invigorating to be outside in the
fresh air I don't remember the last time
I came out and swing playing bang bang I
don't remember the last time I came out
to swing it feels wonderful
it feels carefree like you just forget
about things that you have to do oh
really swinging on the swings twinning
in our comes first and I just
straightened my hair don't throw snow at
mom okay you're dead
now you're just backtracking do not
throw snow at mom okay did you say
you're a mom too good job you guys is
starting to snow it's so pretty I wish
it would translate okay you're eating
snow right it looks like you're eating
snow with dirt in it how about you lay
off the snow for a minute okay finish
making me a snowman she'll get the
middle part she knocked over you get the
top can you make a head for it quite the
flat head but you know some people have
flat heads okay
yes is hot a farmer hat we have a cowboy
snowman
got it
and what you just back there throwing
snowballs everybody like the little
six-year-old boy you are oh my gosh
you're the strongest four-year-old I
know are you gonna do the now I did I am
yes you can Boston Sangha don't know
are you just willingly being their
target seems ridiculous if you ask me
yes seems very ridiculous well I'm going
in and I'm pretty sure olivia is gonna
be following me in about one minute
crying because I am not kidding the
second I turned the camera off she said
this is your watcher yes Wow
this is the tree stand and open it up
and get it ready okay hurry go tree
stand okay you got that you can carry
that downstairs
do not fall down the stairs Pope okay
I'll put that on you now okay yeah if
you fall and break something break your
bones not the walls
you okay heavy
hey cool huh huh follow our trees agloe
code you making it Olivia okay I'm
coming to help you hold on hey sweetie
okay all right this is it okay yeah
don't climb in the box don't don't get
in it's not a toy don't get in the box
ridiculous Olivia sometimes okay can you
climb around don't climb in the box get
out of the box
okay now go downstairs and you can set
that next level in okay you got it
okay very careful very careful got it
watch your fingers don't slam your
fingers in there did you settled
please poke something something did
sound like hey what are you doing under
there
but you you're under dere
Lincoln was the only one not big enough
to play with the train last year oh uh
little presumptuous you push that button
right there push that one where we gonna
put us
if it will fit over in that corner look
at the ceiling gear you're terrible
conductor
15:10 appropriate
train wreck is the end of the day mama
is um Olivia is upstairs practicing the
piano we're trying to contain Lincoln
and we're not doing a very good job
we're gonna close the night by reading
with Cody I feel like you've gotten
better at reading do you feel like it
show me your sight words his teacher was
helping him and sending home sight words
and he's been able to do almost all of
them quickly right we're gonna finish
reading you say good night to everybody
no thanks we'll see guys tomorrow if you
didn't see our bloopers video it's that
video is doing terrible today I'm like
no one has seen this and it's an awesome
video if you guys didn't see our
bloopers video it's funny it'll be in an
i card so click on it and go watch it
and if you guys want to see our Elf on
the Shelf videos click the links in the
description
