you guys I don't know if this is the
cutest thing or the saddest thing we got
our first little trickle of snow and
Boston's like mom I know you said I
can't zip up my own coat but will you
please as I put my coats like I'm
playing the snow you got all the way
ready himself he put his own boots on
his own snow pants gloves hat and he's
matching you guys he's coordinating my
little Boston's growing right up and yes
I told him he could not zip up his own
coat because he was going to work in it
it was just it was bad okay guys was
just bad he's eating it he's eating it
he has a handful of no work of it oh my
gosh you guys I am so in love with him
right now and I said right now not all
the time okay hi I'm watching you boy go
down the slide
things that means business time is
happiness no oh there we go
why did I know you are you having fun
maybe I hope so honey it's Saturday
morning I'm not the kids all on the
suburban I'm ready to walk out the door
but I'm going to show you this first my
friend Ashley came over today and she's
showing the options for roller shades so
a roller shade will stood up here and
I'm thinking the Tanner one right here
on this window cuz sometimes I walk
around and I don't want to use mancini
like the last time so I need some shades
I kind of like just the plain white one
for this window anyway so I'm not
exactly sure Julie is in town and so we
are going to just hang out okay I saw
you last week but I'm so sad to see you
it gave you the biggest hug ever this is
not a fair trade
the boys are the movies and we have all
the kids Santa say Elf on the Shelf
and those suckers look amazing but no
we're not gonna get suckers today this
place is warm it smells good and
everything is beautiful by presence here
I don't know
love these white snow globes my job is
to sit with you kids at the table while
the kids and the older kids wait in line
to see Santa can you color yeah do you
see him do you want to go say hi see how
he's sitting on Santa's lap do you want
to go sit on Santa's lap
I can see three from right here okay I
see one that's right here
the Bison board okay see if we can find
all that today I'm so old I can't count
I don't have that many fingers
now you do a beauty - Kimmy price trying
to say hi to Santa
Oh on that flower get it's okay we need
to do that but no we come properly you
know the questions about us all right
would you like for Christmas
and real-life dog we'll have to see what
we can do first up there's a lot of
water completely
with that we gotta make sure okay with
mom and dad and we've gotta make
how come you didn't want to say hi to
Santa
you were just feeling like you just
didn't feel like it your tummy was hurt
it is snowing like crazy everybody I'm
like oh come upstairs and see what's
happening look it is snowy it's like
snowing so much
one thing you want for Christmas be
mockers my idea well that's a lot of
presents Boston what if Santa gives you
one present if he gave you one toy okay
what if you had no presence okay
what do you had one toy what if you had
no toys well I think that's really nice
if I didn't get if I got one present no
be fine with me and I have none then I'd
be really grateful why are you guys so
crazy hope to be honest I'm not
complaining because I don't have to take
them out they're like are you coming on
like I'm gonna watch you I got too tired
putting all my kids no so fun can you
guys believe it's your first day of
school this year with snow outside yeah
gross yeah I am so excited for you guys
to go play at recess now what's our
number one rule keep all your snow gear
together if you wear snow pants to
school and a snow coat come home with
snow pants in a snow coat huh don't
leave anything at school Olivia lost a
pair of snow pants last year I'm not
buying it again come home dressed that's
all I'm asking is just come home clothes
they begin okay let's go to school you
guys want to hear their route as
possible thinking that Joe just said to
me thanks yeah
just for mommy's here young he asked
that all the time
what's that for what's this for what are
you doing
that's not to eat okay yeah oh we have
to turn the heater down I can't do
anything it's so hot
Bonnie dies if he everybody else freezes
fun and what the full up are these
gloves I told y'all that I had to color
my hair this morning and I was like oh I
need to change my room because I don't
want to get it dirty he's like oh you
should stay in your robe so we don't
have to throw it away
shucks it's just such an attractive role
what it's like a muumuu no it's not an
attractive rope I'm sorry this is not an
attractive rope okay this cute little
thing that was black with polka dots it
was the most adorable thing on her ever
and she hated it
but she prefers this guy that that work
mule okay like the Clydesdale of a
pretty but it gets the wood job I'm
totally beat I'm taking a short cut with
this whole hair coloring situation I'm
literally just coloring what people are
gonna see I'm not going through and
doing my whole hair and why did you make
up that much coloring Joel hmm maybe I
was a good place to close the vlog Joel
and the blog on that note we're gonna
close the blog here but before we go
remember to check out our Elf on the
Shelf videos if you're looking for some
holiday spirit this winter bye guys
