good morning you guys I'm in my robe
surprise surprise I thought we have
Brady here this morning Joel and I are
gonna be running some Christmas errands
today which might be a little boring for
you guys well we'll think of something
don't think of something creative so we
were sitting here talking about tongue
Bri I was like how many times have we
been on a place two or three times and
we were telling her it was the best time
of our life it was so fun so one of the
three times
Olivia was a baby is it broke it's got a
crack Oh Joel has used this mug every
morning for the last very long time this
was my Procter & Gamble mug years I had
that unemployed we would stay up all
night and we would be and watch Prison
Break Prison Break
we had been dry shows on Netflix we
would sleep in in the morning and then
we'd like no we get up with Olivia in
the morning yeah because we only have
Olivia that on the first time she'd be
awake for two hours then she'd sleep for
two hours awake Jose I was like like she
she was like two months old
you wait for two hours with Olivia and
then we're gonna sleep for two hours and
then we'd like scratch something
together for lunch and then maybe would
put Olivia to bed but it was the best
time of our lives we were literally
making go to Karl for dinner like 1:00
in the morning use our savings to go to
Carl's jr. every day for good years
those are the good days I think I think
you haven't lived life unless you've
been a very exciting you're living life
on the edge he's laughing hey who to
deed this morning at breakfast
kids don't library who tweeted at
breakfast this morning
oh we asked him this morning because I
heard you and I said and I said who
tuned in and he goes winking hey get up
on there do you guys hear those grunts
it's very hard work climbing up on top
of a toilet did you hear me goes it's
hard work isn't it all right come here
yep hard work for Mom - I have to go to
know your you sit right here so I can do
your hair after I admire your onesie
hoodie in your little paint to do your
hair you don't look like you're working
to me hmm you don't look like you're
working to me mmm
you guys this happen so often no me like
I'm ready to go to whatever we're gonna
do for the day and it just editing takes
so much longer than you would think this
vlog is actually gonna be so dang funny
really they've already seen it by this
point in this video that they're
watching now but maybe here are you
caught up on all the vlogs people that's
the best is when we laugh at our own
vlogs were like this is gold maybe get
out fix it I'm taking the sheets off our
bed to wash the sheets and Joel's over
here like grunting and groaning I'm like
why is going on he's like come on I
can't get my sweater on what do you mean
I can't take off my sweater I'm hot
who's this for
I've lasted and who's this for LA okay
are you gonna share anybody what is it
max okay kind up to Boston
are you gonna be nice for Bree are you
gonna cry
no crying you'll be nice all bye for the
past two months
I've been telling Bonnie get your phone
order to get a new father get on a phone
ordered and finally one of my gym
buddies today was like hey this store
has them so i drugged Bonnie here today
and we're getting her a new phone
well you cringing well I thought that my
phone was just full which it pretty well
is I mean yeah but I had womb-like the
reason I kept getting the this is full
this is full is because I was uneducated
on the cloud you forgot about the cloud
they always forget about the cloud so
you're getting people in trouble this is
this is not like me at all I mean it is
it is but it isn't it is but it is
typically going typically is a change
typically I like well this kind of stuff
like I was debating this one that kind
of a phone case because I think it's
pretty I'm a little nervous to hear the
total bail just ignore it just pretend
it's not real just pretend it's in yen
we ran into a couple Dave they were so
cute because they were seeing that
bonnie was trading in her phone I'll
give you whatever they're giving you ten
bucks
no and I said something about because he
gave me the total price for what we were
buying and I was like and yen do you
mean is that is that that much in yen
big I was like what do you mean we were
like one China you go to all the Apple
stores because they're really not
officers or I'll knock off and they're
like well we're on our way to Hong Kong
Hong Kong they're going on a mission and
I was so excited to just sit and chat
it's like this adventure we went on
related to somebody somehow it's like
everything's full circle I love it good
luck
I bet you guys can't guess what store
and there's flowers everywhere pictures
everywhere smells like cinnamon and I'm
the only male in this store we're at the
lobby which is a hobby
how are these comment not melting
everywhere party here's a snowman what
do you need these little balls for
I'm gonna tin bucket you're not even
applauding it these snowmen are being so
nice right now saying hello jerk Bonnie
we just do a jerk let's go men worked
hard for that sign not I'm just gonna go
over there okay change of plans I'm
watching my kids write letters to Santa
and I'm missing all of it so I'm like
Kate Joel you are gonna go take care of
what I need taken care of and I am going
to watch the kids write their letters to
Santa because I feel like that's more
important and my goal this year my goal
for the month of December is to be very
present with the kids even if I have
stuff to do and so I really have tried
to like clear my calendar so that I can
really focus on the kids when they're
doing cutesy stuff like this dear Santa
what Oh Cody I have is this always right
here for one kid baby be be done and uh
well thank you what are those for under
mine cool even just then I was literally
thinking like as she was tell this is
just like I think I know it's very
typical as she was talking I was in here
trying to be like focused and as she was
talking I didn't literally I didn't hear
what she said I just feel like my brain
has been a little scattered and I'm not
gonna allow it to be I am NOT gonna
allow my brain to be scattered this
month I'm not gonna overfill my calendar
and we're just gonna like do fun stuff
as a family like that is my goal for the
month of December period I'm not perfect
so what else did you add so you added
wall ball so wall ball and iPad with
reflex math and ABC yah
you did you spell the iPad right take
your hands out of here now but your
handwriting Cody is actually flip and
good
it look like chocolate cookies with
orange chocolate chips perfect Christmas
so you know like lay out cookies for
Santa well my dolls have their Christmas
tree and like stockings and we have a
whole bunch of decorations on it and so
I thought maybe I could put some cookies
and milk on a tray so I had this little
blue plate and I want her to put some
cookies on it to cookies and then some
milk I thought maybe I could do that so
that is what I just want her to show you
so yeah I just ran up the stairs across
and says look mom Olivia's a present
Olivia's a present
all right we're gonna teach you how to
make the most amazing Christmas treat
these are Oreo balls and my friend made
these for me and I'm sure you guys gonna
make them if I don't kill my kids okay
no stop stop freeze freeze freeze that's
kind of like a secret thing that we do
if I say freeze they literally listen
did you put one in Boston yes
get off the counter you like that
snowflake hair did you put some in put
two in and then get off the counter yeah
of course you're gonna help me but you
can't help me like fighting with Cody go
get a chair and scoot it up to the
counter so you can watch me and
I like love you and want to kill you all
the same time
that worked so well so we have this to
unwrap that you're gonna fall
now get down in Mokpo the recipe usually
calls for a full package of sour cream
but it's too much no cream cheese argh
I've said this line 50 times but I like
to take about this much off because it's
too much
it makes them to not what I want so
you're making audience yeah these are
called Oreo balls you're making oils
yeah it's okay if they're small because
we want them to be bite-sized Olivia
that's perfect because if they're too
big then you have to buy them in half
and then they make up my nose okay
Boston break yours in half and there
should be a perfect eat
once you've rolled your Oreo balls we're
gonna heat up the chocolate you can add
food coloring or whatever to a deed you
want but we're gonna do just white I
think it's an art and I don't know the
art of doing this I think that the
chocolate is too hot this is not turning
up right well okay these are not turning
out the greatest but we're just gonna
see and practice and just kind of see
what happens
buddy you just start it oh wow like this
see just a little bit
that's probably plenty I got better as
the time went on and I truly think that
the chocolate was just too hot so here's
the final product everybody okay joy I
love you bye bye go have a shower today
have fun on your date you stinky man
find stairs there stairs right there
stairs right there gotta go
Frank says bye to Jarrod's in line right
now in the RSVP line which is still like
around the block I'm assuming like if
it's hard as VP that means they saved a
seat for us right because if not these
guys really don't know what RSVP means
so hopefully we know and I've got free
parking free parking it's all like are
you kidding me this is the RSVP guys
this is the RSVP line right here see
right here this is the line clear out
here the building's clear up there see
but the lines here the lines right here
hey I found you there you are you saved
us the seat in the back awesome we got
it we're in RSVP it doesn't matter when
you get there he RSVP
sort of I don't want to speak too soon
but I think we made it Jarrod I think
we're in like people are behind us now
so I think I think we're in
complimentary popcorn
- pineapples and cup holders we are
stuck in the parking garage it's not
moving very fast full of some psychos
some psycho I get it so we're gonna call
it a night see you guys I had a really
nice time good
on this cold December day we are on our
merry way
