okay
stop your hair blocking is horrifying
okay you're gonna hold it and keep it
like that okay don't shake it or move it
you want to grab your paw patrol twice
and we'll show Lincoln how to play okay
now okay well besides all the tattling
that's going on right now we are
settling something so it was so fun to
enjoy scared me oh shoot I'm going to
decline Joel's phone call okay well
because okay the kids are telling me how
do howls poop and this came right up I
didn't even have to finish typing it so
apparently other people have done this
Google starts this I'm trying to say
Olivia and Cody were telling me that I
will throw up their poop and I'm not
sure if those true so the first thing
that came up is I will swallow their
prey whole or in large pieces but do not
produce enough stomach acid to digest
bones fur feathers and scales because
undigested body parts could injure the
owls intestines the animal needs another
way to deal with that part of its diet
that's where our pellets come in and owl
has two stomachs okay we need to go into
this so we can finish reading this is
too good
Cody couch and ala has two stomachs the
first one called the glandular stomach
produces acid chemicals and mucus to
help separate the digestible and
indigestible parts of its prey the
second summit called the gizzard is very
muscular and grinds up the meaty part of
the meal once the meat has been broken
down the digestible material moves into
the Owls intestines the bones fur
feathers and scale remain in the gizzard
continues to are compressing the
digestible portion of the meal after
several hours a gizzard shaped owl
pellet is produced okay I was honestly
gonna make this like pretty montage I'm
leaving all the commentary it's very
good it's
and now I want you to say don't put it
on me like you're vlogging idiot can you
give me a sad face give me a sad face
can you give me thank you guys for
always watching I know what he's doing
and the best part is he said he had you
take his gloves off so he could do it
fun fact my first bomb was a Nokia and
that same company is now combining
health products fun fact my very first
cell phone was a Nokia and that same
company is now making health products
that combine mobility computer and I
would like to you wanna on the ground
I do not know what it's happening right
now
but I am so happy you give me this y'all
age I'm going to assembly oh no you got
to give me a mad face
two men face great do a mad face do
madness
picking up accuse me to pause and say
hold on I need to yawn instead of like
joel's and I almost a candidate where'd
we go
this would make you legit haunted house
can you tell I'm feeling better than
that I have codeine in me but I feel so
I feel tired that just scared the crap
out of me the kids have this like thing
and I thought it was a human oh and
there is a human with dogs and their
blogging feel stupid
fun fact my first bone was a Nokia and
that same company is me my first phone
was a Nokia fun fact my first cell phone
was a Nokia and that same company now
Mason fun fact
fun fact and that same company now makes
you have boogers down your nose the body
cardio also tracks the and bone mess
sometimes it is okay to judge a book by
its cover
I like cheering in love I'm teaching
there to do it it's hard it's freaking
hard no I don't this is gonna be in my
all right now no that is not very good
I don't all right everybody
now that you all know how owls poop I
think there's it's time to close the
vlog everybody out of my car no no no go
go go everybody you can clip that stuff
out
you
