I'm trying to find some pants to wear no
that's not true I only have one pair of
pants two pair of pants now I like to
wear and I'm just a bathing if I should
put on like leggings my poly leggings
would match this oh my gosh
literally I'm not doing that for like
advertisement purposes it just like
dawned on me and I'm like um heck yes
I'm gonna wear these I was truthfully
dreading on putting on jeans and now I'm
not going to for the two sometimes I
feel pressure when vlogging to make sure
my face is on and just like personal
reasons like nobody wants to put
themselves out there when they're not
like ready you know but there's a must I
have to wear perfume even when I'm not
gonna do my makeup I just hate how red
my face gets but it's fine
like when I see people I have a friend
and she's like oh I have to hurry my
makeup on before we go I'm like I'm not
wearing makeup we're not going anywhere
no one's gonna see us
she has acne and she doesn't want people
to see the acne and I'm like it doesn't
faze me I'm like who cares nobody cares
if you have red acne nobody cares but
why is it so hard to take that advice
for yourself I don't want people seeing
my red rosacea but truthfully does
anyone really care probably not she's
gonna do her eyes are here because I
physically couldn't go one day without
lotion it's impossible I don't have a
whole lot going on but my sister Julie
is in town
she's over at Ellie's house they're
getting her hair done and so I think I'm
gonna go for it
there and then maybe we'll have lunch
together I don't really know we'll see I
had a super late night Olivia came in my
room excuse me Olivia came in my room it
was like mom my ear hurts and I think
she might have an ear infection and if
you've ever had an ear infection before
you know that they are like the worst as
an adult if you've ever had one as an
adult the worst so I ended up sleeping
in Olivia's room last night with her to
kind of make her feel better because
there's nothing you can do to make
someone feel better when they've got an
ear infection I'm seeing if I can get
her into the doctors today though so
yesterday Ellie and I had a meeting with
our clothing designer we're working on
some stuff for the summer and she asked
me she's like how do you do your messy
bun I was like girl it is nothing
special
I'm nothing fancy at it but I'm gonna
show you guys how to do my messy bun
just for her but first I have to find a
hairband and this is the chaos that I
put myself in because that's my role if
it's not chaos in my drawers then it's
not Bonnie I literally have a brand-new
bag oh here they are
Hey look how organized I am you guys all
my stuff is in a bag you're gonna need
one awesome hair band these hair bands
I'll put a link in the description for
you and Amazon links so you can see the
ones that I love and only use I'll leave
a link for Olivia's little ponies too
because they're my favorite okay I flip
my head over and they get all my hair
going in one direction I gather it up
and I gather it up I'm gonna kneel down
here do you guys see how professional
the saw hair tutorial is I'm doing such
an awesome job I have all my hair on top
of my head and the hand that is holding
the hair is where I have my hair event
that is important so I pull it about
halfway through see how I've got like
this little like loop I twist my
hairband to come back over and I grab it
my button with this
and all this extra hair that I have all
this luscious mermaid hair that I have
I'm gonna wrap around to the front and
then I pull the hair band over top of
all of that okay great that's like a
hideous fun of the day that I'm showing
everybody gets in yes okay I'm gonna try
that again
all right half go over and kind of swirl
all the hair around yeah it's still
pretty hideous but you can get the idea
I've got these like loose things and
I'll just pin them with a bobby pin
that's not too badly that's let's see
then I just like bobby pin a few of the
stray hairs down this is terrible this
is not working out very well basically I
don't know what I'm doing so good luck
on your own you guys look so cute
sitting on the table what are you doing
your hair you look just like Ellie oh my
gosh the Mike's the window he's walking
in with my camera but I want to show
Julie oh my gosh I got taken off holy
moley
it looks so nice oh it feels so much she
looks just like you
you guys this is how I want to cut my
hair when I take my extensions out after
really cuz you have really short hair I
was cute on it wasn't much fun looking
at the before and after pictures side by
side oh my gosh
Ellie you did such a good job cutting
her hair no I couldn't have done it
better than this like however you did
her layers you did such a good job
both of yours are
oh you're painting your name okay I was
telling Julie I haven't seen her like
your whole pregnancy and I just want to
put the camera on you and look at you
your nails look super cute why is this
the best color in the world like that
pink oh my gosh that's so cute looks so
cute I just got home and Boston and our
neighbor's dog and I he was running his
boots or oversized me and we were
laughing our heads off it was just like
I didn't know who was walking who if lo
I was no you can't let go over honey if
you're gonna watch her you gotta have a
turn so Lola was too strong for Cody so
he's like here Boston see now like I was
dying I was laughing so hard cuz like
Boston's boots are like five times too
big for him those are Cody's and he was
just like barely making it behind I
think you can just let go that while
you're in the yard
make it go longer willing well go with
her she wants to be able to run around
so you just got to follow her it's good
exercise for you and it's good exercise
for her
funniest thing I ever did see oh wait
the funny oh oh hey why did you make
Boston do it and not you what time he
that thing got away from her hey my
hands well why'd you let go yeah
last time she lets me right here did she
the weather is absolutely perfect
outside it just feels good and it felt
good talking with my sisters at lunch
most people know about the vlogging
situation like I have a family full of
vloggers so just in case you guys don't
know I have parents that have a vlog my
sister Ruby has a vlog my brother beau
has a vlog they don't really post very
much but they have ones that you can go
watch some really cute videos on their
Channel my sister Julie has a vlogging
channel I have a vlogging channel and my
sister Ellie has a vlogging channel all
of their links will be in the
description below if you guys want to
check out any event I want you guys to
comment down below who you guys watch
who do you watch out of like my family
Oh Bri that was the funniest thing that
I've ever seen in my entire life
we both just like looking at each other
laughing like lien King do you want to
go out and see Lola she's in the
backyard drunk we'll play with the doggy
or do you want to watch The Grinch I'm
gonna make you come out let's finish
this in a minute let's go find Lola are
you gonna throw that for Lola you could
take her for a walk the way he says Lola
my gosh go find Lincoln go get Lincoln
go go go
mm-hmm oh you can't let go
I love hearing his shoes kalam pon the
sidewalk I know the footage was more
important than dirty socks I had
I am in tears when you on bali brand
it's so much more to me than just a
review she did
like the cutest video um with her Bali
brand hall and I just I feel so grateful
for her she's so sweet Ruby from eight
passengers I'll put a link to her video
in the description below because it's so
cute like I left I left the whole way
through and when she was waiting to open
her package anyway so funny and cute
thank you so much Raviv olivia is
practicing the piano Cody and I are
hiding out in Lincoln's room we're
reading his books so we're gonna close
the vlog here right just like always is
that our routine okay
I'm gonna listen to Cody read and we'll
see you guys in our next vlog if you
liked it give it a thumbs up we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye the logs are cut I
can't sit we do no not we will sit you
can't go out there perfect control
