good morning everybody it is decoration
day we are gonna decorate the house with
all of our Christmas giddyup which means
one thing we're gonna have a sappy
Christmas montage it's not the first one
of the year you've seen it's not the
last one of the year you've seen and is
it at the request of me or the quest of
Bonnie you'll never know
you'll never know okay it's Bonnie it's
funny cue sappy music now not only is
new earlier
instead of hurting yourself and doing it
yourself you want me to come out and
help you that seems ridiculous or drop
the ornament who drop what I didn't drop
one oh I dropped the box you drop the
box here let me help you I'm always
scared of a mouse do not want to break
that box so much
what let me help you
guess who's not impressed still not
impressed give me a hand
Lincoln is down for a nap I am ready for
the day
Boston is ready for the day I said we
can't put up our beautiful decorations
if your hair looks like a homeless man
so we got you looking spiffy didn't okay
Joe's getting decorations down and I
have got it I like sandy don't want to
take my stuff down but that's the job
I'm going to take all of this stuff down
and then wash these mirrors cuz they're
like they're kind of they're dusty this
is the only thing that I care about not
breaking I like third-generation
seashells I've got to make sure that
they don't break and that we don't wake
up Lincoln you want a sappy montage
when it's Christmas time I light up a
fire got friends and family have a bite
to eat and some Christmas sweets
chilling out 10 watch TV wrapping up the
gifts with my finger tips making up some
fancy arrives
oh my special one but my love don't cost
times
knocking on my door trick we should help
you
aiyah slave
in the snow
a bunch of reindeer
you know Christmas in five weeks I asked
my mom if I could get all my Christmas
stuff and we have a whole bunch of
little Christmas stuff these little
houses you know a little stuffed animal
and something else in it
and it was so fun and so I wanted to get
all my stuff and so I wanted to show you
guys what I got so we got this little
ornament this we meet at school I had
these letters that spells which was joy
we all got these little like cue dog's
house sparkly eyes we got him in this
and then we got this little mirror the
girls got a mirror and the boys got some
money I just put this stuff in it and so
I just put my Christmas tree in for you
see Christmas tree o Christmas tree thy
leaves are so
changing and that has the earrings and
she put him in a little a little box I
mean into a present I wanted to use him
for decoration so I put them on my tree
and a whole bunch of them
she's got her own ear rings a whole shoe
box full of my dangly ones so you could
put some music to this I'm gonna put
these up on my horse shelf you can kind
of make this speeded up mom and they put
some musical toys
J oh I think that's pretty cute so I
just got a creamy part of my room and
then we'll start putting it Christmas
things together and stuff okay see ya
you guys look at this picture of Olivia
tell me that doesn't look identical to
Lincoln look at the hair look at the
face like that's Lincoln and yes I look
creepy and scary we all look scary in
that picture a little bit but at the
time I loved that picture I still kind
of do and now we all have our picture in
here this is from a year ago we could
really use some updated pictures what's
that for it's called fluff yep it's
called fluff do you know what Lincoln I
want to see your face when you see our
stuff out there but I guess you don't
know Christmas stuff is come here come
out here do you see that what's that yes
are we gonna touch it broken hand
couldn't I just softly yeah it's kind of
hard one down one to go
you got this yeah it looks not good
can't see anything
no no no no come on out come on out
police he's being really careful where
he's walking now that looks pretty good
this that Rudy comes in our night movie
on our table curry in our table I hope
so
do you see these candlesticks
yeah it must have melted because they
are not straight candles poor little
fellas walk will close holding hands
there in the dark have some chocolate
that doesn't that sound like something
for
to watch you
Christmas tree I may have a headache
I don't know if I did the tree as much
justice as Ashley did last year
but you know we'll see she might have to
come over and look at it kids are having
dinner you kids has it been a little
rough
mommy keeping you out of the Christmas
stuff I heard he's fun it's not
decorating is awesome decorative all
your decorating is really great
decorating is really great we may have
fought over who gets to vacuum up the
floor because it was so satisfying yeah
and I'm going bunny didn't leave me
chortles oh she looks she's gonna let me
fold I gotta fold tuck tuck for quality
its favorite sponge pulled my
fun so fun
and then it hit my other heaven on the
couch pretty new that I did you do it on
purpose or accident do you know how many
times Joe is laid on the floor and just
not help today
twice that is two more times than me
together that's a very large bunny
Boston I'm gonna sit back and let you
guys enjoy how beautiful everything has
turned out and I can say that because
I'm not going to even try to take credit
for how pretty it looks because my
friend Ashley last year put all of this
together alone ready arthelene okay for
now hand it to Lincoln and when he goes
to bed I'll give it back to you yeah
Boston walked up the stairs with us oh
my gosh he's like Santa really can come
now hold your hands you're ready
you gotta slap my hands now my new an
NGO okay my turn okay okay Julie you're
like did you hear that
you literally love me huh our battery's
about to die so I think that means we
have to close the blog um everyone it's
time for bad everyone's thinking about
no one saying tonight okay you know if
Boston was crying because he didn't get
to say good night to you guys he said I
want to say good night to those guys in
a when it's Christmas time I light up a
fire got friends and family they have a
bite to eat and some Christmas sweets
chilling out can watch TV wrapping up
the gifts with my fingertips making up
some fancy arrived
