Thank You Nokia health for sponsoring
today's video the makers of body cardio
and steel activity tracker fun fact my
first cell phone was a Nokia and that
same company now makes health products
that combine mobility sensors and data
analysis
I've been looking for a good-looking
watch for a long time and I've also been
looking for a Fitness watch that tracks
all of my data and the Nokia steel
combines both it tracks my sleep it
tracks my running it tracks my calories
burned everything and it syncs at all to
the health mayhap it has an eight month
battery life and it also has a built-in
alarm so I can wear this 24/7 and I will
get up for my workout and be ready to go
the body cardio also syncs with the app
and tracks things like fat mass muscle
mass and bone this I was actually
telling Bonnie that the packaging that
the products came in was engineered
incredibly and if that much thought went
into the packaging you know ten times
more went into the products itself if
you want to check out the Nokia steel or
the body cardio I'll have their website
and a 15-percent promo code in the
description down below you can also find
them on Amazon Apple Store and your
local Best Buy Jolie it's really a shame
that you won't let me do my own hair you
I could if I wanted to I could I told
y'all I said Joel go fix your hair and
like get ready and do the Nokia stuff
and he's like I can't do my own teeth
seriously you're like the funniest thing
isn't this the highlight of your day
though um I do love taking care of your
hair as much as I take care of my
children's hair yes see that was alive
mm-hmm well now that I have my husband
ready for the day
I actually got myself ready for the day
if you guys notice through our vlogs one
day I get like all the way ready the
next day I'm kind of ready the next day
I'm like it's like a border line and
then the next day I look like an
absolute bum and then that whole cycle
starts all the way over and lucky for
you guys today I actually look up ready
for the day right literally every night
Joe and I go over it to do list and on
my to-do list I have to find some family
pictures for my sister so I had to go
through these hard drives and I you
would think that we would label them
better than we do every time I go to
look through them I say to myself Bonnie
why don't you label your stuff okay so
that one's empty so see this one
absolutely no label on it what the heck
okay this says
2015 we'll see all right let's see what
you do aw snap first one family picks
you yeah you guys first try nice have
you been playing outside and even from
outside oh my excuse me that was like a
man burp
you smell like a man you know how to
take your jacket off like a man
guess what Lincoln found the other day
he found his binky didn't you losing
progress is what was happening is he
fight I don't know what you say you're
seeing but okay are you gonna take a
good nap yeah I will give you one little
treat when you wake up if you take a
good nap okay when you wake up when you
wake up oh there's one there's one sweet
you're laughing because you won
he said he'll take a good nap if he has
one treat now go ahead and eat it eat it
I'm gonna sit here and I'm gonna watch
you till you swallow it
hey you don't quite hurry hurry Anita I
think he's taking his sweet time he's
stalling because he knows I'm not gonna
leave til it's gone and you are gonna be
able to play with special toys for quiet
time we'll see maybe we'll have to get
it cleaned up before they get home yeah
Harry Maylie
I've never known a boy that loves quiet
time as much as you you guys look at his
face he's like a little devious monster
it's kinda hard to chew ah good job okay
going out so I can say good night to him
are you gonna take a good now no say yes
mama good night that's your choice of
treat okay yeah yeah go get it
my lucky a toys Austin are you crying
did you slip yeah do you know what we're
gonna do first we're gonna warm up some
leftovers for lunch
okay so let's warm this up for tap and
then I'll come down and help you okay
okay because I can't let you in with me
because that's a womb for Mama which we
see if dad's is done the leftovers are
the best okay
can you run this down lift it up two
hands and be extra extra extra careful
the bottom is hot so just hold the sides
can you do that okay be very careful
I like to pick out the chicken because I
don't like to eat it
and I save it in the bowl and then dad
eat it cause he likes the chicken but me
and you will share the other good stuff
in it
do you like chicken we roll it up and
how about I eat from this side if you
don't like up there you laughing yeah do
you take by the ocean
what do you think good or you buy any
I'll tell you this this is how I get up
for quiet time and this is how Boston
gears up for quiet time yes this is
where Boston's gonna Park his self for
quiet time and this is where I'm gonna
Park myself for quiet time yeah I mean
you can share with your siblings and the
first thing I'm going to do is make hair
appointment need to text Shane and see
what openings he has for haircuts and
the other thing that I needed to get
done was get these pictures selected and
sent to all my sister I feel like I'm
being so sneaky right now I have my back
to the TV the kids are watching TV and I
have my back to them which means that
the back of my computer is facing them
because sometimes I don't like them
knowing what I'm doing but no I wish and
when I do that everybody's gonna know no
just a little secrecy going on over here
welcome home from school kids I'm trying
to convince the kids instead of
screaming when a kid grabs your toy like
this if you just hand it to him and say
okay you do it first and then hand it to
me can you push it no your finger
Lincoln you didn't do it but okay Cody
was yelling a Boston because he didn't
want Boston to play with his track and
now you're doing it together right
Lincoln wants to try it can you try push
oh okay now you show him how
tell him say Lincoln let go over there
by him go over there by him okay link
and you I try it
okay watch him and see if he can do it
go hard go hard hey yeah I was gonna say
I have a feeling it's not gonna go very
far okay okay seriously the baby just
escaped I recruited these guys to help
me but Lincoln too bad because Lincoln
okay community can we get is very sad he
has to go to bed and so I said everyone
come in line up and we're gonna give
Lincoln kisses we're gonna give everyone
kisses good night ow ah yeah you hurt me
hey give Olivia hugs and kisses okay
that was kisses Olivia go downstairs
brush your teeth I'll be there in one
minute okay
give Boston hugs and kisses good night
Cody yes okay kiss that up he doesn't
want to and he's gonna bash your face so
oh my
go brush your teeth I'll be downstairs
in just a minute Cody do not mess around
with Olivia okay hugs and kisses for the
boston soft be soft no Lincoln this is
what he always does he knocks him over
he wants to wrestle what oh yeah roll he
heard me say roll around I want you to
go downstairs and I want you to brush
your teeth to come give Boston a hug and
a kiss good night hurry hurry stop stop
stop stop stop
hey that is his hug Boston that is his
hug did you kiss this tummy No good job
do you have a pulp on I'm doing nice go
brush your teeth and I'll be done in a
minute
go go go bye bye Boston come on hurry I
show you anything
before I go to bed Cody seriously why do
you do that okay you can take it up did
you brush your teeth okay get on your
bed yeah I know howdy no more no more
get on your bed yeah get on your bed
Cody are you gonna talk to Boston Boston
are you gonna talk to Cody okay I love
you the lamp is the best purchase of my
entire life
love you love you
oh well I was seriously like coming my
hair like getting ready to do some like
a closing clip for you guys oh I have
like the biggest what what were you
doing in the bathroom okay please brush
your teeth and go to bed
what I was gonna say is my mom used to
tell me I cannot believe this my mom
used to tell me that she would get the
shakes right before bedtime and it's
like all day long like you work all day
you're with them all day you're patient
all day at least you try and it's like
bedtime comes and you are read to you
for a bed Joel's gone for the rest of
the night and so I think well I'm gonna
try and do is get some editing done so
that he doesn't have to in the morning
so that we can do other fun things
tomorrow all right I'm gonna go see if I
can untangle the mess that is my hair
