you can if you're a good boy today but
if you're not you didn't get a cupcake
last night because he was being naughty
there's always tomorrow but there's
always tomorrow if you're good today
you're gonna have a cupcake tonight next
yes
no that's not possible all right Joel be
honest do you think I look like an idiot
with a hat on
you really don't like Edea no it's
actually really cute actually no stop
that okay well I knew that we were gonna
go get a massage for my birthday and
whenever you get massages they like run
the oils through your hair and stuff and
I just didn't want him I didn't want to
wash my hair lather you up yeah the oil
your hair up so I didn't want to wash it
Sunday and then have it all dirty I'm
gonna get a pedicure with pants so I'm
wearing a hat to cover up the dirty hair
and I kind of I don't usually wear hats
but I'm gonna try and be like confident
in my hat even though I feel very
self-conscious wearing my hat you really
do look cute
I don't how many times you've made the
trip through this Canyon but it's worth
it every time it's never the same yeah
it's always different the weather is
always testing
some people are ridiculous and with that
anyway don't you Patera feel ridiculous
back to the case I feel ridiculous Jill
asked me what I wanted to do for my
birthday and honestly I was like close
to stay home and like hang out and this
would be like the perfect weather to
stay home and hang out but I am glad
that we just could get in car go
so it'll Aten we go
please tell me that's not our brakes
that are brakes you think it was the
trucker behind me address it back so we
can get freshened up and write down your
even oh I know we're so thirsty
that's lame water you're gonna be okay
okay seriously tape so bad we're just so
good water my cucumber is detoxifying oh
my gosh this is a fun room so we've got
our bathroom in there they're gonna see
if we can have a little extra time so we
can take a bath when we're done but this
is where we're gonna do the massage this
is really cute in here like Snickers
smush things nice yeah I hope they have
a little extra time for us to like take
a bath and just hang out cuz whenever
we're done with massages it's like I
don't want to take jump off the table
and rush out yeah I want to like lay
here and you know can we just pay extra
to take a nap it's a Rollo it's a Rollo
you better hurry and get situated cuz I
got a camera and you look so cute over
there it got a little too hot in here
after like the fireplace the heaters on
the beds I like hot tub that's yeah
we're like okay - the fireplace off
doing the water open up the door I know
that feels so bad joel is gonna make
himself comfy and I'm going to face the
natural light right here I'm going to do
my makeup do you feel like a new
Joel this is so exciting
first of all this is one of our favorite
restaurants and sweet
well nail currently currently it's one
of our favorite let's see
but it used to be what it used to be
naka Denny's Joel and I used to skip
school I remember bunny wearing a shirt
that knocked my socks off I'm sure my
mom didn't know I was wearing it I had a
jacket over it when I just wore the
change-up is it weird to you but I'm 32
it's weird keep saying mom's older than
you in too much I'll be 32 is up you're
a woman now LaVon is it weird to you
that like your high school girlfriend is
32 no you're still 17 you know there's a
funny Christmas I'll always be Bonnie
Griffith it's raining it's pouring the
old man is snoring we actually have to
hurry and get home because not hurry but
we definitely are on a time schedule
because olivia has piano lessons tonight
and we got to make sure that we have
enough time to sing happy birthday and
it's funny because singing birthday and
like having cake right now like I don't
care if I wouldn't care if we did that
or not like to Olivia and Cody and
laughter and Lincoln Legos trying to put
my seatbelt my sweaters and myself the
kids want to celebrate you kids want to
do it and I know they're at home right
now like drawing stuff waiting I know
I'm like anxious to get home to him so
that I could celebrate with them you
know in some cupcakes oh my
the end of a rainbow right in here joel
is trying to tell me that they don't
arch and that's bullcrap they totally
arch arch Bonnie thinks that it's like
one end and no well no I can't steal
seeing kinda see it through all this
rubbish wait for them
see it speaking
you were scared me look at all this fun
I love it
I can tell Boston made this one Cody are
you okay there I love it okay I'll open
it all when we sing happy birthday I
know isn't the sky amazing it's like the
perfect
okay okay okay
before you tattle anymore look before
you tell anymore on the kids look how
beautiful the sky looks you know thank
you
for spitting that out Cody would you
like to give me your present right now
why did he give okay first of all hold
on so tell me what this is again I can't
be yeah that's a camping trailer I love
it will you help me open it so I don't
ruin it and what did you say that this
was hold on let me see there was some
sticking up that's the smoker there's a
little piece of tape sticking up and
that's the smoker okay I already know
I'm gonna love it hey it looks a little
crazy in there to me Cody
I
love it I told the kids I wanted
pictures of them for my birthday
Cody that was very creative I love it
that's all I wanted for my birthday I
told the kids I wanted to make me
something that's what I wanted for my
birthday and I'd love it okay okay happy
birthday mommy Olivia did you selfie it
that's impressive
can I take it off of here then you stay
on um you can mix it right okay we'll
just leave a right take you can take it
off you can take it off see that's why
your penis Oh perfect kay happy birthday
mommy oh it's a beautiful flower oh I
was gonna say it looks like a Hawaii
flower so who's now on the lawn chair
she said just somebody yes that's me and
what does it say remember your dream
Olivia it's beautiful and you know what
I'm gonna do I'm gonna take all these
pictures and I'm gonna keep them inside
this little thing in my room that is
what I'm gonna do just like that okay
thank you very much oh oh and Lincoln's
we can't forget Lincoln's drawing we'll
put that right in I tried the polka dots
and nothing of it oh we got to put
boston's in there no I'm good with one
all right lighter up
it's gonna burn sprinkle Jackson Calvin
thank you for coming to sing happy
birthday
no just kidding now you ain't grab them
thank you for waiting you can help in
Lincoln Lincoln couldn't wait any longer
he's like look at it he's so happy
no I know he has been watching these all
day wanted one all day this is my
birthday was watching my kids and
cousins eat cupcakes that tastes pretty
good
not very appetizing to watch happy
birthday darling
thank you for making my birthday special
noelite today has been one of the best
birthdays it's been just kind of chill
relaxed we were able to go spend the day
and do like our own thing they were able
it really was we were able to like hang
out with the kids tonight
it was just nice it was just fun I
enjoyed the kids a ton tonight it's not
as fun they have fun yeah it's fun when
your birthday is fun floral I think
that's why I enjoyed it because the kids
enjoyed it I enjoyed it because they
made me like sweet little things I still
do the things that make birthdays fun
for mommies so not expensive things
scissors you don't have to buy me
anything expensive but I hope Santa
Claus brings something I told Jolie he
needs to send a list to Santa Claus
yeah and he'll check it twice and he'll
know if you've been naughty or nice okay
you
