I'm trying to get my shoes on here I was
half asleep on the couch with Lincoln
and Joel comes in and said Pawnee
they've got the horses here come on out
so you guys have heard Joel talk about
LG and how he worked on the farm with LG
and his son is here with the horses and
so they're gonna I think let us go for a
little ride with him
so you gotta learn to stay on part of it
is that you have to stay on what can you
see okay hold on tight just starting to
grow yeah this thing will get hair an
inch and a half all the way down it's
the funnest thing okay so we pull on
tight okay Missy are you scratching his
nose Holly Bell Dolly Bell they are the
best names okay Jameer Cody
Olivia you're doing really good
you saw their butts did you hear that so
this is LG's son Leon and this was LG's
and Leon he tortured they work done will
do that don't do that or you just want
one step with one foot or two feet or
three or four there's more feet one foot
one step all right let's see here we go
let's see if she'll go forward for one
step one step are you ready to go for
right one step
that's it
look you're doing so good you like live
on that horse I knew it we had oh we had
a cowboy in the makin right here how you
doing
having fun yeah I want you to look at
something look how big those ears are
attention touch their bigger ears than
your dryer yes guess what they can do
better than you can make it here they
can hear all these a lot better now look
at those big eyes guess what they can do
better than you and me
they can see they can see in the dark
I mean they see really well on pitch
start they can see reading it look at
how long those legs are they can run
faster so they can hear better they can
see better they can run faster do you
see the ears
roaches they could smell better than we
can they can see better they can hear
better than you run faster okay I have a
question for you yes why we are the
masters and they're not the Masters I'm
interested to know I want to know the
answer what what is the answer to that
question what do we have this bigger
than them and better than them
it's right up into your brain their
brain is only about that big it's the
tiny brain what makes us special over
them right we got a better brain
hopefully we use it there's one other
thing I got to show you they don't have
hands right guess what they can't do
they can't brush their teeth let me show
you what happens if you don't brush your
teeth
let's take a look at her teeth let's
take a look
can you imagine if you didn't brush your
teeth what your feet would end up
looking like who's gonna want to kiss
like that nobody so it's an important
thing you brush your teeth morning and
night every day
so that was like horses 101 I know how
fun is that Lincoln hold on they're
gonna go put the horses away bye
did you have fun
see when I say they like peaches oh and
they don't eat the pit do they they
don't eat the pit Oh crazy they don't
it's better for them than hey see how
fat this horse is I think this is way
too fat for a horse that one too many
peaches eat steak and eggs they get cold
cereal that was such a fun surprise I
think it's funny that he took the time
to stop and teach him something because
every day when I worked on their farm
he'd stop and teach me something whether
it was something to do with math or
chatter ball Oh both both Leon was Leon
was more though you need to know how the
Nitty Gritty works I don't get it but I
remember him teaching me either way this
little mini vlog was more for Joel that
was for anybody else really sweet that's
fun welcome thanks for watching guys bye
y'all come back now you hear
