Hey goodbye it's the day before
Thanksgiving and roll what do we always
do on the day before Thanksgiving well
we set up our Christmas we always set up
Christmas the day before Thanksgiving
but this year we gotta work back
whatever Joel is packing it's 6:30
don't worry almost died all right I'm
off to pick up Ellie you guys his weird
music kills me he went and filled up my
gas for me last night because well he
loves me and see these little babies I
have a bunch of dishes that I'm bringing
so that we have options for teachers you
know so fun I know that's wake you look
at your makeup and then I was like well
I said she's not giving ready so I won't
put my phone and I literally did it in
the dark with a kazoo era oh my god
it kind of looks like a little baby of
like a big baby I mean that's a huge
baby and most of the recordings I need
to learn don't know anything yeah it's a
wean got stuck on the side but it's good
now
mom has other measuring cups but I like
using this one because that's the one we
had like all growing up it's hideous but
it's my favorite like that's my favorite
measuring cup just because that's what
we had growing up good morning you
babies all you little babies look you're
ready for the day we got you ready for
the day Lincoln is all the way ready
these three are not even close to being
ready but I have outfits all the way
laid out we haven't get up this morning
and I couldn't do my normal workout
juice okay if you shake a cup at me I
will get juice that's it's a known fact
but what I wanted to get accomplished
today we have so far this way we have
gotten Boni
all the way dressed and ready and out
the door we have gotten the vlog edit it
even ran five miles
everybody is almost getting dressed here
in just a second we're here to get
everybody fed and then we are gonna hit
the road and go down to Grandma and
Grandpa's house what what what you don't
want to do that yeah sweetie hotels
don't allow you to check in till two
o'clock it is only nine o'clock I think
we're gonna go say hi to my mom and dad
so we're gonna see if they will go to
lunch with us because I'm really kind of
craving some black bear diner oh those
are yummy pancakes like the yummiest
pancakes in the world or french toast or
would you just like to be sour and angry
at the world I feel like there's a
slight bit of pressure aren't you want
to make this work I hate well I'm
shocked that's how you're doing it
no and that's the thing it's like this
cookbook is gonna be so beneficial for
me as an individual that was too
oh this has to be cooked right yeah Oh
didn't even taste good that was
disgusting mom said she's been waiting
for this moment all week when I was a
little girl 12 13 years old I went to
always curious asking her questions for
her wedding and I loved her and I just
loved I do believe that I am the
smartest man alive to speak for me was
just released so I have that on google
play for the kids to occupy the image
the baby gave ease up the doors are shut
they're gonna hopefully hang out for at
least an hour I can get an hour out of
all of them that would be awesome so I
can get all of our stuff packed up I
have bags started to be packed and then
I've got to put it in this bird you may
notice that when I spanned all of the
stuff that we need for like hair and
teeth and all that there's a drill in
the background this literally is coming
with because I am going to be putting up
all my parents Christmas decorations on
Friday and I want my tools there stuff
constant nighttime cough stuff his
toothbrush its toothbrush gets
toothbrush your toothpaste hair clip nah
man brush
that's not gonna fit 10 gallons of crap
later hairbrush
motion we got it
so bits it's perfect it's awesome this
is my checklist and it is all checked
off Bonnie made that checklist for me so
I actually would remember things and
luckily I did because I had to go back
to a few times to remember the few
things I am walking out of the house
kids are in the car we're ready to go to
Grandma and Grandpa's house the chicken
grandmas at the front door waiting for
us we go eat let's go eat but I'm
starvin quit talking a lot of questions
but look how clean your house looks
looks like you guys were expecting me
for company that's a lie they're
expecting somebody else that's a lie too
well you look like you're sitting up
good you're feeling better
everybody's been asking how dad is doing
in the comments I'm sure you've been
reading dad he's doing good how many
weeks has it been 3 3 weeks you look
good you look like you got better color
in your face like you're not wincing and
paying all day still in pain or no not
as much yeah well I brought for pains in
your sides
there's bears daddy back in my heyday I
was like two months after we got married
yeah handsome
Oh
we're trying to figure out where we want
to put the kids and where they're gonna
sleep to Olivia's gonna make her bed
right here with two chairs Cody and
Boston are gonna sleep on here hmm
the kids love they fight over that he
will be here very soon let's hope one of
the best family traditions that we
started a few years back is coming out
here and doing a shoot every
Thanksgiving the night before it's a fun
tradition that we keep and we do it
religiously every single year reflecting
on Oh what year was the rain what year
was the snow here was the freezing
freezing cold temperatures and what year
did I smoke everybody still hasn't
happened yet oh my gosh it's so where
they hit is 5:45 Thanksgiving Day
morning the gym where I go does the
special workout up at old main Hill in
Logan told main Hill and I really
thought there was gonna be like four
people so I'm gonna bother getting the
camera now but
we just spelled Happy Thanksgiving
so happy Thanksgiving hi
are you rocking your baby yeah yes I
know you love your babies
your dress is so pretty my goodness did
you have fun playing with your cousin
yeah
you're gonna wear these for the camera
to book sometimes we like to find a
quite a trim and hide from all of the
yeah I was gonna say kids but maybe
everybody just nobody else is in here
and that's nice and cold this room is
like the coldest room in the house and
it feels kind of good to like not be
news if the camera wasn't on I would
still be offered just so everybody's
aware yeah you like mark oh that's
wonderful
where's Perry do you think that that
looks like penny you know who that is
Oh shoo the pretty dog that was semi
tweezer
can enjoy race you draw the face yeah
you are both in trouble who drew on
Calvin's face did you Calvin
Liam you didn't you draw on Lincoln's
face who did that yeah it's green did
you eat it oh yeah that was naughty you
think this is funny mister where the
marker go Lincoln look at me
you ruined Thanksgiving is the morning
after Thanksgiving oh it's been a really
awesome Thanksgiving just a little
hectic we woke up this morning we're
like why we feel like turkey thing over
I'm looking for my girl that works here
every Thanksgiving I know she's here
because Joel said hi but I wanted to say
hi to work and last night the guy that
was always working we said hi to it's
benefit every year the same people work
here I'm gonna document your pants
because they don't have holes in them
yet and I say yet because he's putting
up Christmas lights so we'll see what
they look like at the end of the day
what game you playing
are you okay do you think you're
bleeding okay
softer this time Boston
um please come close the vlog with me
the kids are in the car crying close the
door we can't hear him anymore
I feel like I want to cry because we
have to drive separate vehicles because
we came down separate so joel is driving
one and I'm driving the other you wanna
cry cuz you're driving the truck I want
to cry because I have to drive and
because we're driving separately gonna
be ok
but Olivia is gonna come with me we're
gonna make it a date I came down to help
my dad get all of the lights up and we
worked all day long and still didn't get
all of them up we got a good start got a
good jump and he didn't have to do it
that was my biggest thing is I wanted to
work with my dad and save his back from
doing too much we are weather what's
going on tap her face
okay there we go thank you guys so much
for watching our Thanksgiving vlog and
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye guys
