good morning everybody is actually a
really good morning I mean everybody
woke up pretty happy today I was
miserable when I woke up at 5:30 to go
work out when I got home I had a lot of
energy Bonnie had a lot of energy bonnie
is currently at the dentist right now
her tooth that's been giving her tooth
aches for the last little while that she
got dental work done on everything she
going in today to get an emergency root
canal
I feel awful that she's had to go in and
get that done but she has been in so
much pain for the past week and a half
two weeks this morning Lincoln was very
very stinky red Iveta stinky so now he's
taking a little bit don't pull the drain
but play with the drain quit playing
with your happy guy today huh so we are
getting a few things done now we are
getting a few things done Boston's in
here watching a morning show
set out sit down baby you're gonna get
hurt you're gonna fall sit down booboo
Ska's bear you liked that story huh when
you get out of the tub you can watch
boo-boos kiss bear
drinking the water you quit drinking the
bathwater come home mama how do you feel
what it's funny a lot to tell you yeah
well you're not like dying right now so
I'm happy no longer I come home after
dental work I'm dying right now I don't
feel so good yeah have a less yeah this
is what my face is Murphy I'm gonna try
to make this as like to the point as
possible so I don't before anybody but
number one is a camera like pointing up
that way no it's right here I feel like
I don't need that Center okay right
looks like a better angle I'll show you
right here
I'm just gonna drive me crazy I didn't
know if your arm was gonna be well or
not number one I went in and I was like
I hope I'm not making this up in my mind
that I need a root canal I was like I
really don't want to like do something
you don't yes
anyway so he numbed me up he's like no I
think it means that he got in there and
he goes oh wow wow he's like yeah and
then I was like whoa have the like bag
over my man counting on you he's like
you know when you shake up a can of soda
and it's really tight and he's like you
Pierce and it just geysers he's like
your tooth does the same thing and he's
like I know that it's really bad when
the blood just geysers out and the
second he like got through the tooth he
said blood it was just like geysering
out and she told me when I was done then
it bled the entire time she's like it
worked whole time until he got all the
cleaned out so she said she's like I can
tell that this was bad
and so I mean you guys have heard me in
the videos and I noticed in my other
video that my cheek was like kind of
puffy anyways so I do feel like release
like I've been telling you guys and I've
had a headache and I kind of thought it
was the jetlag but I think it had a lot
to do with the truth because that
pressure is relieved but he did say he's
like I am gonna get you some medication
so you need to go pick up a prescription
for me a refill for my clothes or
medication has some pain medication
because he's like I want you to enjoy
your Thanksgiving they say you're gonna
be in a lot of pain mm-hmm I don't
remember them giving me medication when
I got my root canal I had three and I
don't remember any either I was like I
feel good enough I feel like I'd a
pedicure or something I don't know if I
should say this on camera either so I
turn the camera off when we were like
talking about it some work we were done
she was like oh your mouth I'm sorry I
have to like put this in and do it again
no she said oh yes it looks like they
didn't tell your cult sorry no she was
really careful but she told me she's
like I said do I have a really small
mouth she goes yes you have a really
small mouth she goes but your tongue is
so what's that taste let your tongue a
muscular organ in everyone dr. Skinner
walked in and Julia goes doesn't she
have a strong tongue and he goes oh yeah
that's so embarrassing then they were
like why it's short it's been it's been
flinging curse words for so many years
he goes nose cone
Kohn's at Macy's got nothing on your
time homes huge ice cream comes from the
soft-serve amazing oh okay grocery store
so hard like that so strongest I've ever
seen fucks it don't you no no no no no
dad's gotta get his shoes and then walk
up he look like a hillbilly I love it
these are my favorite shoes in the whole
world of how to betray and a half years
now don't intend on getting rid of me
yeah they're dogs they're old school doc
horns they're still toad like run around
shoes I gotta go I gotta go guys I gotta
go
hey you're a wild boy did you help me
get mama stuff thank you for your help
now get out of my car we went and did a
couple things we had to get Bonnie's
prescriptions filled and her soft little
jaw requested KFC KFC potatoes and KFC
mac and cheese and I got to get me a
three piece chicken straight me while
I'm there
story time I actually had a good friend
in high school who owned the KFC in Roy
and we would always go in there and a
lot of times he took us up with free
food it was awesome but but you can't
get your pants buttoned up you can't get
your pants buttoned up you've been
eating too many cookies do we - button
it up you have your cookie that's your
afternoon snack is it cookie I'll give
you some chocolate milk Lucy okay well
that's pretty tight you got you better
you need to hit the gym a little bit
that's possibly my favorite feature
about this truck tells me to check my
rear seat
No
Oh
I lose too
hey princess peach look at you
cinderella story right there
joel is showering getting ready I
finally decided to get out of the bed I
honestly feel like I need it today to
like just have a day off I didn't do any
work today at all and my brain feels
happy about that I mean I did a little
bit of work not like anything what I
normally do I've been helping Joel put
together outfits because tomorrow I'm
gonna be at my mom's house doing a photo
shoot for our cut but it's gonna be a
huge photo shoot and so Joel's gonna
come down later with the kids not that I
don't trust him to pack the kids but I
kind of don't trust her to pack the kids
I'm helping him get packed I'm packing
myself I don't feel like being up but
I'm getting up out there football in
here life of boys last Joel's soul it's
a very hard job taking care of all the
kids are you mad because like he's mad
because I took that out of the cup
mommy's doing the dishes we're gonna get
your jammies on yeah he's mad Cody you
kind of look like Aladdin in your outfit
definitely looks like Aladdin
yeah and I would like to introduce
Cinderella we are gonna take Olivia to
the play a musical Cinderella tonight
Joel and I all right let's see what he
sent cause we have for this movie we
have Albanese or Alba Nez or whatever
these are literally the best how am I
supposed to eat these what was I
thinking I have the other side of my
mouth right okay so these are my choice
of snacks oh good these are flavorless
but Joel one likes them no yes and then
let's see
sure do you guys wonder why I have loved
its work and then of course cream soda
you didn't want to drink your crazy
water
oh just China water bottle oh and I
forgot Olivia skittles Dylan showing
what you got big horrible fan nice I've
never had the cherries but you are gonna
share I'll share too
we got enough to share my road became to
the high school for young men young
women and I gotta bring Bonnie and
Olivia
oh look a beautiful Rachel
Olivia you look so cute in your dream
you can tell you're so excited
what do you think's at work
it is
wait ma'am were you in the play works
for you in the play Olivia wanted to
record it in there
but they said no recording I think you
reminded us real-time Foley I I picked
up the camera to record and I got really
intimidated by all the high school kids
we had the best time I think my honestly
my favorite part tonight was watching
Olivia she was on the edge of her seat
the whole time she looked like an angel
and everybody loved seeing her Hey look
lady new dress you were on the edge of
your seat - lady I was and when the high
school when the when high school
Cinderella and High School Prince kissed
I was like probably cuz they kissed so
well you were just like all nuts
it seems that seems a little advanced
Olivia I am so glad you got to come
everybody loved seeing you and your
beautiful dress and that was your idea
I'm so glad you're not too old for it
he's got high school if she's not too
old to be a princess yeah do you think
you want to be in plays when you're
older the I bet he could do so good we
are gonna call it a night you guys
I feel like a new woman now that my
teeth are fixed so little chipper a
little bit happier
in the past two weeks okay you guys
we'll see you tomorrow bye Dylan say
goodbye bye
