good morning you guys it is early see
how dark it is outside still I'm not
happy about being up but Ellie and I
have a meeting that we're going to and
before I go Olivia has been showing me
her things chocolate and he broke his
arm you guys how sad is that
guys you had bad you are so creative and
cute what else you got for me necklace
yeah when we go to the hotel this week
oh so these are casts just in case she
breaks her leg
cuz you had a bad well just punch the
camera she punched me I punched the
camera and this is her bag her travel
bag is okay what's in there we seen ones
the ones you're wearing what else do you
have in the bag
these aren't just an ordinary bow you
can tie it onto a hair okay oh my word
those are adorable no you could tie it
on are they necklaces bracelets hair
bows Scribus they're so cute what else
is in the bag let's see an outfit oh
that's this once okay
and that's her cover-up so fun well it
looks like your little baby's ready to
go now we just gotta get you packed
she's all packed up and ready to go good
job mama
oh my dad did wanna bring him because
everybody said he does not like
reindeers cuz they're scared of him she
couldn't find a babysitter because
people are too scared to babysit
reindeers case wild jeans for the Festa
Sara antenna you always pop Olivia knows
that to everybody she chooses everybody
and they always was so it feels good to
beat you catch oh look oh this is a bad
start of the day cuz he had a bad lady
was getting ready to go to school ready
to walk out the door and said he didn't
feel good and then came kneeled down by
the toilet and threw up so that's not
good I think you're gonna stay home you
my darling are gonna go to school
she had a bad
sorry go school just don't get sick you
comfy in there okay you just lay back
you'd be as happy as you want okay don't
throw up in my bed let me get you a bowl
look at your bowl Olivia's just left for
school Lincoln and Boston are having a
karaoke party downstairs sounds a little
terrible Cody is cozy in here here's
your bowl sir you need to throw up you
throw up in the bowl let me go find a
movie the movie of choice is big hero
six Cody I think is feeling much much
much better yeah a lot better I think he
doesn't exactly have the flu I think he
just had eaten so much junk over the
weekend that it caught up to him and
when we gave him some cough medicine for
his cough the TuneIn mix well and that's
what had to get out of his system I'm
going to assume that he does have the
flu and treat him kind of like that like
don't let him touch things don't let him
share anything with anybody else but
he's having some toast now and that
feels pretty good to his tummy yeah you
want some toast to to us from toes to
grab your pants and this morning's been
kind of a bust the kids are kind of
quarantine to the basement watching
movies and they get sick of it it's been
a few hours few hours now and they're
sick of it
what let me have that school Olivia's at
school so while we wait for mom to get
home I'm gonna have some more clothes as
well cuz that sounds pretty good to me
I'm a peanut butter and jelly on my
toast guy I learned that from my dad you
like peanut butter jelly sandwiches be
like jelly on your toast Boston and
Lincoln will eat absolutely anything how
about you know finger don't play in you
jelly eat your sandwich
what you know I didn't whip your butt
that good and so you pooped more in your
pants I don't think that's how it works
downstairs editing the blog and all the
sudden I hear from the stairs I pooped
my pants in Boston stand at a door and
there's poop I don't know if it's gone
out of his leg or not but it's in the
bottom of his pant leg so we got to
strip him down and I had to carry him in
very very delicately we turned the
camera off of this I will turn the
camera off there's a football cleaned up
yeah that was pretty nasty bad you go
poop in the toilet but not your pants
toilet not your pants buddy up the
stairs Jill just walked up the stairs we
made eye contact with me I'm like crying
and she's crapping her eyes out he
walked up the stairs and we made eye
contact with each other and it was like
no it was there was no face expression
it was just like hmm like we have so
much going on right now and that's the
story everyone's like it's right before
the holidays our kid is sick I mean he
said he was sick I don't really know
probably and we've got a giveaway going
on I just barely posted this to my
Instagram if you guys want to enter a
really awesome giveaway make sure you go
check out my Instagram well make sure to
put the link in the description but
we've just got so much going on we're
doing a huge photo shoot for
Thanksgiving and I've got a root canal
scheduled for the morning so there's
just like a lot going on and I swear I
got a headache since we got home we're
so spent right now now that I just got
done going through that like laughing
thing I honestly looked up I was reading
through the comments for the day and
people were talking about the laughs
compilation video that someone made of
me and I was watching it and I seriously
was like I don't know that person turn
this off like I don't know that person
because they feel like I'm so just like
ah right now I was like word but I feel
like I'm just not the like cheerful
youthful stuff like I feel like we're
just crafting oh and then so I was
looking for advil to take some Advil
take some Advil and I looked at Cody I
was like what are you looking at Cody
and he was like staring at my cold star
he was like it's kind of gross oh my god
you're gross good you're not sick at all
so two years Baker's hours ago he
probably was like shoving the toothbrush
a little too far daughters there oh
pretty sick he actually has a backpack
on coton he was like ready to walk out
the door and all seems like that look
going to the door open yet I do feel
better now picking up the camera I
really do should I make my children
dinner or should we get some takeout
what do you guys want for dinner
Pizza Kaia Fay
we should honestly go find like a medley
of vegetables from the store hook up
some rice and do like rice and veggies
what do you want this is like no we're
not doing pizza no I would like to I
know we could do macaroni and cheese Oh
what do you want my house that's also
pizza okay kills me the way he talks
you're the winner you get the strawberry
chocolate because you saw it and we woke
him up from a nap and we just didn't
want to hear you screaming so we got you
the strawberry chocolate he's the winner
sorry girlfriend ice cream right yeah I
know
when you were 2 years old guess what if
you wanted something I usually well I
don't know spoil you kids and I don't
spoil Lincoln but in this situation he's
a little more spoiled over you sorry
girlfriend is that good does that taste
good you're dropping your chocolate you
dropping your chocolate everywhere
should we wipe it up so our feet don't
drag it everywhere yeah hey you got some
crazy morning hair
Lincoln you got some crazy Bed Head
going on ahead all right I made a deal
with the kids
Joel you
laundry room and rotate the laundry with
Lincoln if you kids follow me around and
help me get the house in good shape
we'll go to dinner but we have to do it
in 20 minutes so everyone follow me and
you do exactly what I tell you as quick
as possible Olivia I want all the shoes
put away leave these because I'm gonna
wear these put all of dad shoes in the
garage Cody good girl okay put those in
the garage
Boston come and get this Lego toy is
this Cody's go put that on Cody's
windowsill okay garbage go put this in
my room
where it goes like yes party I want
every single piece of paper on the table
put in the garbage every single one of
these papers in the garbage I will put
this stuff away okay the kids are
waiting for Joel to back this suburban
out I just need to get my shoes on and I
think we did a very very good job of
getting things cleaned up in the house
looks pretty good this is a good ending
to our night so I'm gonna close the vlog
we are gonna go find someplace to go to
dinner thank you guys for watching I
feel like a crazy person I feel like
I've been a little crazy on the vlogs
but you guys that's just life life is
always a good mix of both and I am fully
aware that right now is just a really
stressful time in my life and that I'm
not always going to be happy and that's
okay that's okay and I feel like if I
can vlog and say my feelings instead of
just pretending like I'm happy all the
time for the vlog then I think that the
vlogs will stay good I've watched other
vloggers I come from a family of
vloggers
and so I can say that if I can just be
myself I will be happy therefore the
vlogs will stay good does that make
sense and don't you guys agree comment
down below and tell me what stage of
life you're in are you guys excited or
you have
are you guys going through a rough time
are you stressed because the holidays
are coming let me know what you guys are
thinking I'll talk to you guys tomorrow
love you guys bye
