I'm doing up my gun and I have all of my
makeup I went through and I cleaned all
my lipsticks and like my brushes and
stuff because we're getting bring ready
for her wedding today if you guys
remember a few videos ago we did her
makeup for her bridles and you wanna go
back so fast it was like the China trip
and now is I hate them here
no she postponed her wedding not
postponed but she scheduled her wedding
around my China trip so anyways yeah and
her mom is here I'm probably like just
as giddy as she is she's saying hi to
the kids right now the night before my
wedding or like the weekend before my
wedding
some girl at beauty school was like you
have brown eyes and you always do brown
makeup you kind of look boring you
should try something different with your
makeup and so like on my wedding day I
was like trying it yeah I was like
thinking about that comment knows it
should I do it a little different why a
to this day I'm so ticked about my
makeup on your wedding day cuz I like do
it a little different it is like was it
you know to this day I'm like why put
hairspray on the face and we're gonna
fan you off now oh my gosh that was so
much fun getting Brie ready she just
left out the door and she's going to get
married this morning we're all gonna go
to her reception tonight jazzy sticker
it was so funny because Brie was like I
think my ring needs cleaner moms like
you need toothpaste a toothbrush like
ran downstairs on an extra toothbrush
and we like washed her ring and she's in
my bathroom and I'll show you my
bathroom sink she was doing over there
and I was like ah I'm like just our luck
you will drop your ring down the sink so
I made her come in here where we have
like a little filter in here and I'm
like do you have lotion on your hand I'm
like you don't need like dry hands I
went got lotion and she's like oh I need
this and oh my forgot to spray with
perfume I don't know she was wearing
perfume I'm sure she has it covered but
I swear it was just so fun like getting
her ready I felt like I was getting like
a sister ready for her wedding or
something and having her mom here was so
fun - we were like looking at my old
wedding videos yep I don't trust you in
here let's come on now yep I broke some
makeup so it was in there can you come
on out
yeah I brought some makeup and it's in
there ain't broken you Meeka I did and
we were laughing at you because you were
repeating everything yep thank you
believe me yeah yes thank you
as we ate it it's all gone oh yeah it's
all fine
it's all good see okay Oh yep yep that's
the toothbrush that we used to wash her
ring with the free one that we got from
the hotel put it in the garbage
Oh yucky put it in the garbage no no no
what
what what is it bunny okay put that in
the garbage and let's go downstairs no
you can't keep it was yucky let's go
find yours we'll go find yours play toys
yeah let's go find yours where's two
back in my drawer okay in this room in
this drawer yep oh my gosh you're so
good at that
should we fix your hair
you sit right here and I'll fix your
hair why are you home so early
did you guys wake up so early can that
boy woke up at like 7:00 oh that's so
funny you just barely missed breathe no
no dharna how did it go um it was so
much fun like
I think I was more excited than they
were I'm fixing his hair and you guys
can see the other day he smacked his
head oh look at that
okay good oh it bruised it makes me sad
it was kind of scary like it was a very
sharp corner like that that's a little
scary
well it was it was like a not quite
sharp but it was like a rounded
not a sharp enough to cut it but sharp
enough to be like well it was granted it
was like no it was though it was the
wood oh he hit his head on a corner like
this but it just hit just perfect he's
adorable looking your hairs all done you
look like a handsome boy I'm two three
bosses build a stereo so I just want you
to do your best to sweep it up with your
hands and please get it cleaned up okay
right so I think the floor got mostly
cleaned up for a four-year-old I think
he did pretty good don't help me don't
fall down the stairs please he would not
help Joel until he found where my
flashlights go good job link thank you
so Ellie invited us over to do this I'm
not even exactly sure what we're doing
she just said bring your kids I think
they've got like prizes and things I
know she's recruiting like a brand deal
for a company and apparently it's
supposed to be like a little party that
we're having so we got here and there's
some other families that are here and
they have some cute kids that are the
same ages so she's the same age as
Olivia and what's your name Hey Kate has
her own horse she had a horse with
Christmas and I told her Olivia's gonna
have to come over and ride it with you
sometimes do you older and pota raise
your friends this is Gus he's about the
same age as Cody and they kind of like
the same thing the kids are kind of in
heaven because they told him they could
have as much dreams as they want and
they fees it this is snow and so they've
been getting snow and they've been
helping themselves to any drink they
want twister tropicana twisted
seriously the kids are in heaven okay
we need to clarify Kali positives are
waiting for me to log in this is not
please wedding so right now we are
hanging out and we're having a separate
party right now we are with a bunch of
firefighters families and all the
firefighters are on duty they all know
that families are here we're having a
holiday party for those that are working
during the holidays
it's like for a deal is and here we have
all the firefighters families and then
over here this is all the film crew so
because I don't know exactly how much I
can record in there because they're
gonna have the professional down throw
in there probably
why don't we make
well now that the main part of our day
is over we have such a special thing to
do today who's breathing Colin's Olivia
was so excited to put on her special
dress and what do we get to go do in the
bathroom makeup yes Olivia wants to wear
makeup I was putting on Brie's makeup
and she's like please wear someone like
you bet we're going to a wedding
so of course you get to don't you worry
I have the best color ever spray helps
it's just staying on this is like a
golden pinky color it's gonna be
beautiful with your dress you excited oh
my goodness is gonna match your dress so
perfectly it tickles I know cuz you're
not used to like precious on your eyes
and it won't be too crazy colorful so
that people set up for you Oh your
present okay hold on this is the perfect
color because it's not too colorful but
it's still really party first always
rule number one chopstick nobody wants a
crusty crust like I said nobody wants a
crusty crust
Olivia picked out her lipstick face up
chin up and we gotta wipe the frosting
on from our sugar cookies earlier do you
like it I'm gonna put a little bit of
blush on and then we'll be ready to go
so squishy face squishes fishy fishy
face yes and there's even some glitter
left on this from breathe face
all right Boston
Boston's playing out his new toy you
guys oh no no no oh the next song is a
good one shut up I earned it go Lincoln
what is that Oh cousin Chuck is that
Colton's truck
that sure is Colton's truck huh that
looks like their wedding getaway vehicle
bond that's a lot cooler than ours bus
welcome to the best day ever
I don't know I always liked the wedding
videos
what's doing on the couch bed
we have had a huge day don't you think
our day isn't so packed you busting I
don't think you're doing your job
holding the door open for people sorry
Joey kind of got stuck with that okay we
are gonna call it a night we're suspect
today was more busy than I ever thought
I think you're supposed to relax um
thank you guys for coming along on all
of our adventures today has definitely
been an adventure and we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
all of you just said she's gonna throw
up the kids had a little too many
marshmallows I was like you guys please
stop eating it when they just wouldn't
is it I'm coming to the reception like
reminiscing of us cuz they're highschool
sweethearts and like marrying and at the
end of a long can ask for better or for
worse lady
