hey guys I am sitting on my bedroom
floor joel is at a camping trip with the
young men in our ward and so it's just
me and I've got Lincoln and bad and the
kids are downstairs watching a movie
they're supposed to be in bed but I told
him they could watch a movie and have a
treat because they were so good today
today it's not gonna be regular vlog so
if you don't want to just watch me
sitting here talking you can go ahead
and click out of the video if you want
to so you're not disappointed sometimes
I think people like these sit down
videos and I not do them too often but I
just kind of feel like I want to like
sit down and talk with you guys I woke
up this morning not feeling very happy
it was just kind of a perfect storm a
combination of everything there's just
been a lot going on in my personal life
and my personal life I mean my life off
of camera so there's a lot of things
that I share with you guys and I try to
be pretty open about certain things but
a lot of other things I just keep
private and by private I just mean not
YouTube world I woke up with a cold sore
it's huge
it's growing it's throbbing my headache
my teeth are still aching so I just was
not in the best of moods and I went and
I got my nails done which they're so
cute by the way I had her let me just
focus on these for a second cuz you're
gonna will see this I had her add a
little bit of length and I've never done
this shape before I always do like a
really short square nail anyway that was
so beside the point I got to the salon
and there was a lady there and she was
after my appointment and she was just
like chit-chatting about her brat little
kid sometimes now kids can be crap heads
and she just had no filter and it was so
refreshing I she made me laugh I felt
like we were like best friends after
like the ten minutes that we had sat
together we were just like talking about
all sorts of stuff and the way she was
talking she didn't care who she offended
and the reason that I say that is
because as I vlog and the longer that I
vlog I swear that I talk with a filter
because in my brain it's always going
like oh I
talk about guns because I mean these are
just like random no I don't want to say
that that's exactly what I mean yes I'm
going to say that I'm gonna leave that
in because I don't want to offend
somebody and they don't believe in
having guns I can't talk about like I
can't I have to filter my words so that
I don't come across as like harsh and
it's not that I am harsh but sometimes
we talk about harsh subjects and
sometimes it gets really difficult to
filter what I say because I'm too
worried about offending everybody
because on the other side of this camera
I do understand that there's real people
with real emotions and real feelings and
I do want to take your guys's feelings
into consideration but sometimes it just
gets like stifling do you know what I
mean but as I talked to her she put me
in a better mood and I thought to myself
you know what I am gonna go home I am
gonna record even if it's just a sit
down segment and I'm gonna talk with no
filter so that it is refreshing for the
people on the other side of this camera
to hear I came home I had lunch with
Joel he had to run errands getting ready
for his camp trip and someone came and
knocked on the door and I don't have a
lot of people come to the door and so I
answered it and it was a really cute
neighbor of mine that we see at church I
see her at church every week but outside
of church we don't really see each other
that often and she said I've been
thinking about you non-stop for the past
several weeks and I just wanted to come
and say hi great come on in so we came
in and we were talking and the things
that we talked about it was just like it
is not a coincidence that you just had
this feeling to come and talk to me we
talked a lot about like our growing up
and like our parents and our
grandparents and the way they did things
it was just really nice to talk with her
and of course we got on the subject of
feeling inadequate as moms
there's not a mom out there that doesn't
go through and wonder to herself if
she's not doing a good enough job and I
think when moms have that concern they
do have that worry that means you are a
good mom that means you are doing
something right because you care about
your children you want what's best for
them and as we talked we were like
comforting each other in these type of
thoughts and we just really came to the
conclusion that little decisions in our
lives they matter the choices that we
make they matter
even if you think that they don't matter
someone is affected by your choice by
action by your attitude even if it's
just one person it's funny because I
don't think you guys realize how much I
think about you
and how much that you mean in my life
because I'm constantly thinking about
you whether I'm deciding to go somewhere
I think what would these guys want to
see whether it's the way I talk with my
children and that's a good thing because
I think okay I believe that so many
people are gonna want to see this or
hear the way that I talk with my
children even if it's just one person
because one person affecting one person
affects of their children affects
everybody around that person and I don't
even know if that's making sense but the
choices and the things that we do they
affect people and she was telling me she
said I truly believe that where we lack
with our children or where we lack with
our spouse god truly puts people and
things in our lives that maybe our
parents can't fulfill for us or that our
husband can't fulfill for us because
we're imperfect people that's just a fad
and we were talking about wonderful of
these teachers and she was telling me
how amazing this teacher was and that's
the teacher that I kind of didn't like
because when we went to Hawaii she was
really upset that I was taking Olivia
out of school but as we got talking I
thought you know Olivia did love that
teacher and she said that that teacher
completely changed her life and so I
don't know it just it's funny that I
just looked at that teacher in such a
different light after knowing what my
neighbor had said about her so after my
neighbor had left I just thought you
know I am gonna sit down and just talk
with you guys and it's not that I even
have anything to say because I feel like
I kind of don't have anything to say but
I am taking my own advice too because I
didn't want to get in front of the
camera looking like a hot mess because I
feel like a hot mess right now and I
just thought you know what it's okay
this is who I am I look the way I look I
have red skin I have a cold sore and
it's fine
people think I got pepper in my teeth
it's fine I am who I anyway I don't know
I just from a mom to all of you moms out
there and it doesn't even have to be a
mom situation it's just like it is just
a life whether you're in college whether
you
are a kid and you're having a difficult
time listening to your parents or
whatever the case may be I just feel
like we're all just trying we are all
just trying and the way we treat each
other is just huge and it's funny
because until I started vlogging and
recording myself I didn't realize how
important it was to me to treat each
other good
I swear that vlogging has really made
that ring really true with me really
resonate with me and I'll just share
something a little more personal with
you after my neighbor had left I had a
phone call with a potential sponsor and
I missed quiet time with Boston and I
knew he was upset about it but hope and
sweet boy and so I called him upstairs I
said Boston came here and I pray a lot
and I wanted to thank our Heavenly
Father for putting my neighbor in my
life that day and for putting the lady
in the salon in my life because those
two people they really turned my day
around and I truly appreciated it
because for me to not even want a vlog
on a day like you know that I was having
a bad day and so we knelt down and I
don't know I just really felt like I
wanted Boston to see his mom pray I
think that's just a really intimate
moment that we shared and be nailed
directly across from each other and I
kind of leaned forward and put my arms
around him and because I was praying he
was like rubbing my arm and he was
kissing my neck right here cuz that's
where his head was at and when I was
finished he looked up at me and I had
tears rolling down my eyes and his cute
little eyes were glazed and I could tell
that like he could feel it you know like
it was a happy tears in his eyes and I
just told him how much I loved him and
in that moment I truly felt just the
confirmation that what we had talked
about earlier is that what I can't give
him what I lack he's gonna get it you
know he's gonna get it and he's gonna be
fine and I just think that raising kids
is such a huge responsibility and it's
so emotional because you always wonder
if you're doing a good enough job and we
are even if we're not we are even if
we're not
doing awesome in life we are because
we're here and we're trying and I think
that's really all that's asked of us
it's just a try our best and oh
something that me and my neighbor we're
talking about is as I've gotten older I
swear I am realizing that there is more
than one way at succeeding in life and
it doesn't have to look like everybody
else's success in life she was telling
me gosh I want to be out of school by
now I should own a home by now but says
who says who and this is something my
parents taught me is that if you and
your spouse are happy that is the only
thing that matters because if you two
are happy your kids are gonna be happy
you don't need to worry about what your
neighbors think what your friends think
and I swear to you this whole internet
world that we live in is such a
wonderful thing but it can also be such
a negative because we compare we compare
ourselves just so and so we compare
ourselves to the world and to be honest
if you're happy with you that is all
that matters I don't know if I'm
rambling I don't know if you guys have
gotten anything out of this but for me
it feels good to lift this off of my
chest and just kind of just like talk
with you guys as my friends because I
don't think you understand that as much
as you consider me your friend I
consider you my friends a while ago I
had made a comment saying that I only
read the first you know hours worth of
comments and then I don't read too many
after that and my dad came to me and
he's like I hope that all of your
viewers know that even if you're not
reading them I'm reading them your mom
is reading them and it's like this
community and I think he felt bad that I
had said that in the moment at that
moment I had to take a break from
reading the comments because it was
changing how I was filming and I
personally needed that break but I do
read your guys's comments and I try to
respond to a lot of them and I
appreciate them and through the comments
that is where I feel your friendship you
feel my friendship through what you see
and for me your comments to me that's
where I find your friendship that's
where I feel my friendship for you guys
and I truly hope that you guys know that
I know that I would not be here
if you guys didn't support me and if you
didn't comment on my videos if you
didn't like the videos I don't know how
or why I am put in this position to be
on this on YouTube and have my platforms
and you guys following me I am just a
normal girl and I don't know how or why
I even ended up here but I'm very
grateful for it I'm very grateful for
you guys I'm just excited for what the
future holds and that's about it I
literally have no idea what else to say
so I'll probably just end it here but I
love you guys and I hope that you guys
walk away from this video feeling like
okay I am doing better than I think no
matter what you're doing you're doing
better than you think people always are
people always look better than they
think they look people always are
performing better than maybe they think
they're performing and so there's what
you guys to leave this video feeling a
little bit more encouraged to love you
guys and I'll see you later bye
