did you work out normally when Jill gets
home I am so closely but he left at like
5:30 I was awake at like 4:30 and I laid
there as still as I could until 5:00 and
then like the second you left no that's
a horrible idea the second he left I
like popped up on my phone and I started
he's stuck in my dad at texting last
night's like text him like what are you
doing awake so early I was like I went
to bed at 8:45 I'm awake anyway I know
I'm like horrid right now to look at so
I just put anyway so then I talked to my
dad and then I was like his mom awake
he's like yeah she's awake and we
seriously talked on the phone for like
30 minutes and we were like hello I want
to speak like we were just like on the
phone I don't know if these guys have
ever heard me like like I just like let
out a little we use laugh and they don't
know the power of the weeds you know
there is a compilation on YouTube about
you what yeah but there's no wheezing in
it I don't think this probably knows
trick compilations it's a good comedy it
was like I don't know I have to be in
like a mood to get the reason sometimes
that's all that comes out and I swear
that's my favorite moment of life well
if you like it's genuinely taking your
breath away
it's honestly honestly like my favorite
pastime is laughing let me show you
exactly what would happen this is what
you do every every single day every day
every date every time he'd walk me
anywhere we would be like you could
start hiding and I knew he wanted to
kiss me and end it lately they feel
awkward exactly right there but I
seriously would like dangled on your
neck and like I would be like in your
face just like I'm laughing
it's my breath like no this smells like
makeup breath dog it's not gonna happen
it's gonna laugh or standing all over
and like I would just laugh my head off
did you care no no I like this so like
the you are happy they don't want to
kiss but I like to I mean this morning
is like my official I'm over the jet lag
wait to bed of like 8:45 last night woke
up feeling like a new woman human I mean
and I honestly felt what you know I
Jamie Jones look yes so I read a little
bit like five pages this morning and
they're ready half of the book last
night nothing you just finished it was
done and Olivia's parent-teacher
conference her goal was to read more and
you've been reading more and you've been
doing so good having you and today you
get to go to the funds
because of her like reading goals and
stuff Olivia's got moves like you've
never seen I don't know what I'm saying
but it wasn't important what Olivia
saying was much better she were saying
that last night when I was like is your
pork dry okay boom you know the only
time that it's been wet since you got
your paw patrol toys when you peed on
purpose because you were too tired when
Boston peed in his pull-up on purpose
the other night we didn't even ask him
he just came waltzing in with his paw
patrol tower and was like here you go so
yes you can have your paw patrol Tower
today boo yeah morning crazy hair boy I
know that you are mad I think Joel
thought he put this on 60 frames per
second but I think it's slower this
looks funny in the viewfinder to me
Lincoln you think that you can dress
yourself but you got to get off I was
just gonna say you've got to get a
diaper on Lincoln you peed in your
clothes you peed in your clothes
Lincoln you peed in your clothes you
can't do that do you guys see his head
he will not lay on the back of his head
because of that goo sake he can't is
that so Ally thinking does it hurt
Boston fall hold on he'll share in a
minute let's get a diaper and imagine
here in Boston yeah do you want me to
take that ball away from you and don't
talk me into bot to Lincoln okay is that
it hopefully the other one I swear is in
like slow motion and now hopefully the
rest of our vlog isn't do do we both
we've been looking at tutorials on how
to put your camera into 60 frames per
second oh it's so annoying when I click
on a how-to video I just want how to how
to I don't want any jibber-jabber at the
front cuz you're sitting there like I
just need an answer like just get to the
point I did how-to videos I
not have an introduction I would just
literally say exactly how to do it the
second they get on the video that way I
get my answer maybe we should make a
how-to on how to make how to's I think
the better introduce the video Joe my
goodness your Trek is so spotless what
were you doing wowza Frank needs a bath
and me in Boston I've got the task of
going and doing it and I just asked
Boston well can you get in if he likes
it slowly turn his head
yeah I can't but I don't know how to
open the door excuse me mr. know-it-all
oh yeah they're so good I have to be in
the corner slow ins not so bad news for
reason doing this right now I am broken
the Boston wants to spray go ahead and
spray you know your vehicle's dirty when
you've already exhausted all of the time
you can have on there I don't even know
how long the time is but I use my debit
card so it's like should be unlimited
but I'll obviously surpass some amount
of time of their life no yay who needs
this much time but Frank does Frank does
Frank too needs it
my lady the elevator right hi I swear
this is the most awkward place to record
every time I always get somebody awkward
like that I'm not that they're awkward
but like come off recording something
and it's like there's a face back crap
oh well I totally forgot about this and
I remember this from the suburban now
when you buy a vehicle out of state and
you have to register it in a different
state the state requires that you do a
VIN verification so I actually have to
go find a police officer cut one down
and then I'm good to come back here with
the show I definitely feel like a
million bucks right now the officer came
out he's like that's a sexy truck yeah
it is so he liked it and he's like I
might ask him where he got it so I told
him I got a Kellog and he was just like
tell me more about this I bet we stood
there for 15 minutes talking about
Kellogg Idaho so that's pretty good deal
you ever get the feeling of deja vu like
you're doing the exact same thing over
again it's not like over and over just
like over one time again like for
instance when you push a button like you
feel like you've pushed it again or when
you wait for a sign you feel like I've
waited for that sign again or if you're
like waiting for a door to open I feel
like you've opened that door again two
for two
people behind the door nobody's there
this time there's nothing quite like the
look of a brand new license plate yes
beautiful what did you just say you want
to do what to that cake you will do no
such thing
I took it out of the fridge so that when
we eat it tonight
it's gonna be room temperature what
my birthday is on November 27th you're
going to help me eat it tonight early
cousin won't last to my birthday what
how did you get no you will not sleep in
my bed but you can help me eat the cake
tonight before you go to bed everyone
can eat it with I know that's why he's
up here you took a good nap he woke up
out of his bed and he said goofy
what color is Goofy's hat green that's
right
yep is this his jacket this is everybody
spilling getting a little crazy on me at
the jumps on this boy he threw up and
then never boy threw up and then well
this mama is praying and that we don't
bring that to our house sick free fall
today like I know no surprises but I can
get Papa Joe stuff if I have another one
finish your cereal you having fun with
goofy did you feed any to goofy oh my
goodness
he likes it oh sorry you tickling Kody's
hair Cody are you getting frustrated
with it Cody he's fine don't be mean hey
Cody yeah Tommy games you're on a game
your school games Lincoln I'm sorry he's
too focused on oh you're playing with
fire Lincoln yes I did
where's Olivia yeah be right there go
get her
you guys have been watching Lincoln
Drive the two kids crazy they're both
doing homework and a person you be nice
they're playing a game - no don't break
her tent
don't break her tent you got to be
really nice yeah he just wants to play
with you he just wants a piggyback ride
is that too much to ask
apparently yes sorry Lincoln let's go
find Boston or daddy let's go did you
say where's mom I'm right here goofy
yeah daddy
I don't know is he outside daddy and why
get trapped
do you want to put your boots on and go
outside you can put on Boston's boots
the older kids are being so lame goodbye
lame children oh you're so lame uh-huh I
hear him go over that way he's by the
four-wheeler look go over here where'd
he go what he's not over here either
he said I found him what are you doing
for winter oh look at him crawl on the
little one
you guys keep seeing my hand up here
because I'm trying to block the lens
from the rain oh he's so cute
oh he honestly that's his size now
that's his size now I think I want a
real machine for the boys more than they
do you guys look who's laying on the
back of his head just fine it's always
gotten better even though it's late and
it's a school night we're gonna get on
our shoes and I coats get your coat up
get your food on and we're gonna head
over to Ellie's because my parents are
on the way up but we're gonna have some
pizza and I can't eat this whole cake by
myself I mean seriously I could but
we're gonna take it over to Kelly's and
we are gonna eat it and share it with
everybody you guys look at him oh I just
totally caught that he knows he's not
allowed to go on the rug with his boots
so he was on his knees stretching across
to get that all the kids are ready and
we're just waiting on Jolene we're gonna
call it a night because I cannot walk
and carry this cake I will drop it it's
stinkin heavy can you guys say good
night to everybody
good night guys
