you want this dog here's what she likes
she likes her food wet
she loves doors popping but this is no
joke bro like looking at sunroof going
up are you good like yo unfortunately
it's no bueno
especially because I have to pee so bad
but I'm talking more and more I realized
I'm not moving I'm driving so this is
good ok guys so as I Drive in no hands
it's like new and I had a couple
business meetings this morning just some
real adult stuff I'm adopting the
Maverick Enterprise is not going to
build itself let's talk about a few
things ok one the sickness as you guys
know I've been dealing with the past
like two weeks actually for the first
time in a while feel better today
however until I'm 100% healed I'm
keeping my hobo beard a man if you're
watching this vlog and you're like one I
didn't even know you were sick - I
didn't know you didn't have a beard
clearly you're not in the low gang hi
how are you i'm logan paul this is my
vlog channel welcome to my life to do
this every day so subscribe join the
family we are the strongest family on
youtube let's go alright guys i know
let's go home and empty my bladder hey
guys so bad news i didn't make it home i
had to pull over on the highway right
there you can see cars are driving by
the yetis over there and I'm peeing this
might be too far but it just is like if
we're proof I don't know where I am I
don't know if this is legal but I had no
choice so whoever owns this land I'm
sorry for that ohno-san just peed on
myself that's what you get when you try
to vlog no hand this is an interesting
morning this Yeti
hi baby do you have a sink no way I
actually know the answer I have water in
the back let me set this up without
touching my camera here we go yeah Oh
real Goods real just top-notch stuff guy
for everyone who I just told to
subscribe I understand if you
unsubscribe ok
to get back in the vehicle please don't
kill me please okay let's go home
morning are ya hi cutie you look really
done with the club but so cute hi Carl
good morning to you too looking good
with that fresh haircut that's my boy
that's a happy family and good morning
to you bro are you recording I am okay
this one yeah this one so interesting
morning guys so I think you should know
this about me Evan I uh I peed on myself
this morning I was vlogging and I peed
on myself did you you blogged it I loved
it yeah this real real good quality
content oh by the way ever we did good
look we got some sexy offspring right
here oh look at this oh you're gonna let
go just like choo Kong do you want to do
want to help are you with the tennis
ball thing okay so no more pee on my
hand good stuff like I said today's an
interesting morning when I woke up this
morning we got this text from my
concierge at my complexes they get the
shuttle ready no we're working on that
we're trying to leave yeah because as
you guys know we are getting evicted
actually not getting evicted we
technically got evicted like our due
date has passed so I already got the
email that said like you need to get the
fuck out of here and I decided to stay
because I said unless you're gonna come
and basically remove me which I don't
think you're gonna do cuz I'm right here
till I find a house which is gonna be
soon I think hopeful anyways back to the
text good morning your neighbors at 1600
vine are calling about the barking dog
on the balcony according to them they
have reported you to animal control and
have called the police okay first off
I'm assuming they're talking about Kong
what's the deal oh yeah don't ignore me
don't you ignore me when I'm talking to
you bye but yeah as you guys know when
we set Kong on the balcony home he goes
crazy cuz like you see he can be so calm
and cute and collected then you put him
on the balcony and he's off what are you
doing I'm trying to show how you bark
stop looking at me go crazy
calling your America
okay normally he barks yo maybe this is
actually good for us to go for the
neighbor watching I have a good dog hmm
he doesn't make a peep never barked
what's it alive he doesn't even know
what a bargain
no no he's not he's not barking he's not
he's not mark he's not barking oh come
on
no no anyways hypothetically if he were
barking I can only imagine what that
phone call look like
hello 91911 is that you hi they give us
an emergency okay there's a dog barking
what do you mean discard the situation
there's a dog he's parking with the big
he's barking how what do you mean he's
barking what do you mean dogs bark I
know dogs bark but the dog is barking
hard there's a lot of picking out for me
and SS dogs to park you know he's
barking hi Animal Control thank god this
is an emergency than the doc like first
off by the way it was a guy I know it
was a guy they texted me my concierge is
like yo that guy's an asshole
it is alright dogs bark so imma pull
back for the man who called the police
and Animal Control on my dog this
morning one dogs bark yes the right
until steal don't forget to subscribe
this this never gets old literally it's
like having kids when I just got to dope
puppies Oh Livia went outside she
grabbed this package Lydia what is in
there wanted to show the Logan wait
before you do as you guys know aiming
for a Sunday release for the out of my
hair music video the songs lit the music
video is even later during the beautiful
yeah
don't you know litters like the
offspring that a puppy dog has this many
four ways you can use litter I just use
it as like a litte litter okay you
forget you later starring the beautiful
bella thorne as you can imagine guys it
is about getting out of my hair my boys
over at maverick apparel which I guess
is my company we think we decided it's
more than me it's a big team of people
we decided to come out with an exclusive
piece of merch it's not I'm showing you
this it's not gonna be out yeah it's
gonna be out tomorrow
Lydia do you want to uh do you want to
back out of my hair with the maverick
logos yeah those are only be available
for 48 hours right now the music video
is in post-production we're setting it
to the VFX team the sound design team
there's so many like pieces and puzzles
that need to be done for this it's gonna
be freaking dope so I hope y'all all
ready to go like this for that video
doll you mess with the boo you look guys
the moral of the story is you can get
the march on local bold like I'm slash
shop or link in description you good
okay
we're joining the cool bus right now yo
its vibe you look at the ceiling we got
trees we got freakin wood counters got
Kong to savage here look at the camera
so I give use thank you yep life is good
bro and also I want to show you guys
this you've already seen it but just
don't forget look at the windows that
tend at the click of a button yo it it
couldn't get any more literally yeah you
you so my joke yeah anyways guys we're
sitting here and we saw this video of
this lady who hates pomegranates oh ok
yeah you may have seen this video it's
going viral I don't really understand
what's happening here check this out oh
ok is she good bro
what makes she's good bro yo this is
crazy she is so passionate bro I envy
this woman ok yo if you got a
pomegranate please don't go near her so
Brendan and I are watching this video
using her face only what was your
initial reaction exactly me too
so I am intrigued by this lady right so
you guys know me I already sent her an
email I found her I found out which
college she's the professor at hopefully
she responds gonna I want to go visit
her and just sit her down and just be
like yo what's up with you and I got a
no I gotta find out also it became news
to me today then a school bus
became a dumping ground ok what are you
talking about you cool bus is clean yeah
it is clean but look outside I love gang
just viewers beware graphic content
incoming if you look to my left you'll
see a poop Brendan oh don't zoom in on
it too far ready
yeah bumpy so we noticed that three days
ago definitely human poop came back
today found that right there brother Bob
and as if it couldn't get worse bro look
behind me next to the tire I got
homeless mom coming and pooping next to
my bus how do you know they're homeless
yeah
how do you know it's just not some guy
oh you you're still with that job a wife
a family maybe just likes pooping next
to cool buses it's a cool bus a no
blaming I am at this point fearful for
my own safety
right and we gotta go buy knives I'm
just some no seriously though cuz if I
need a stab a bitch I will no one poops
outside my bus except I'll okay this is
strictly for safety measures only I
gotta say that we came to the right spot
bro
well screw a knife dude they got giant
drill bits this has got to be more
effective if you just have a giant grill
and my grill I mean drill English Oh
what is that it's a sander we could
polish the pooper clean him up a little
bit clean up his butthole art by the
light of the moon we found the knife
section now let's be honest we already
got the thing that we'll use against the
pooper but this is just for fun there's
so many options you could do like the
classic like box cutter I could do the
fillet light English fillet knife
anybody trying to Putin in my boss
you'll go get machete followed by a
drill but you two are yo if you're in
the low gang right now and you look down
you say damn that's my poop that poop
looked familiar that poop looked
familiar
I got one thing to say no yeah all
stabbing jokes aside I'm not gonna do
that I might do it if they poop nearby
buzzing okay guys a lot of dog problems
today I got an email from the HOA they
are the people who like make the rules
here and you guys saw they sent me this
email before they said you can't have
two dogs in the apartment we're a little
more slightly more than we were before
as you know I'm not the only one here
with the door and yes dogs bark Evan I
don't want to interrupt your game but if
something very important to tell you get
nice and cozy elect they're so friendly
together I know roads crazy he loves you
yeah that's what we're getting
distracted by the cuteness
dear Logan are you listening yeah are
you listening you're not listening to me
I am this only to put the controller
that way oh damn it nice to me is that
the HOA has alleged that you have
violated okay you're Logan please be
advised that the HOA has alleged that
you have violated CC NRS article do
section 2.8 and rules section 1.3.1 for
allowing more than one dog to reside
within the unit consequently a hearing
has been set as indicated below date
Friday October 30 it's Friday the 13th
Evelyn hearing is today so grow like
it's hot look looked at 6:00 p.m. bro
what time is it 551 bro hearings
happening in nine minute you Evan I got
you yo ninety percent we're gonna give
Ari away hi baby
Oh sucks man yeah we're all disappointed
the other cons disappointed it's gonna
be okay buddy say goodbye to your
potential sister okay let's go see who
wants you puppy it's kind of sad but
it's either me or the dog and obviously
I'm gonna choose me
you guys want a dog I don't want the dog
please just take the dog okay dog you
guys want this dog do you want this dog
you don't want this dog somebody take
this dog do you want this dog ma'am okay
take my dog all right you like this dog
do you feel like you have a connection
with them nope no connection you want a
dog what's just scary about this dog you
know what the dog yeah we're gonna keep
trying looking everything you want this
dog is what she likes she likes her food
wet
she loves dwarves you can have that dog
it's either me or the dog
teller it's a joke yeah she's made some
district yeah she got kind of far away I
feel it was a joke for my blog
all right guys clearly it's a joke okay
you know me I hope you weren't watching
that you were like Logan you can't give
away the dark I know I may not be a
scientist but I do know morals we're not
gonna give away Arya however we're gonna
tell Evan we did give her away and then
there's a little twist to the story that
y'all don't know about yet pay attention
folks hey can you hold this dog here can
you do you mind can you Thank You Evan
problem solved G yes your dog is gone I
gave your dog away on the streets of
Hollywood and I wish I was joking come
here look at my eyes okay yeah I'm not
joking I gave your dog to some girl and
she walked off I watched it happen bro
literally could show you the photos
you're young millions of like viewers
you wouldn't do that why not
it's me or the dog go you gotta choose
bro I'm joking
come here Jesus you're fine she's fine
no I'm not gonna lie though some girl
did walk off lease you actually gave her
away I was like yo you want this dog
she's like yeah did she started walking
away she made it a solid 50 feet down
she you wanna do that anything for the
comedy bro you gotta stick with the
jokes stick to your guns the good news
is that we're all here together now and
also here's the surprise announcement I
am speaking directly to the HOA whoever
makes the rules around here I was
talking to one of your people who
actually likes me and boy did they give
me some information I don't think you
guys wanted me to know I'm like hey we
have this problem we have two dogs and
they're saying we can only have one
she's like oh just register one of them
as a service dog if one of them is a
service dog you can have two dogs in
your apartment
you guys know what I'm about to say
right in my maverick underwear here
Logan Paul calm slash shop I'm stored a
document and that document is Kong de
savage service dog registration form
pong
it should say duh sad be us service dog
registration no LK seven nine six two
nine five that's a fact cuz I don't know
what you determined and you're hearing
today
good news flesh dogs bark so I'm gonna
keep my dogs in my apartment Logan Paul
one H away zero part of the low game
make sure to subscribe cuz we're late
and we have two dogs hit the subscribe
button for me joined the strongest
family on YouTube and top your maverick
merch or low game arts logon Paul calm
slash shop join the movement baby
maverick squad ending the universe every
single day low gang I love y'all and I
will see you tomorrow hopefully I'm not
sick
but it's a good clip for the end of the
block
