it just makes such a funny sound when
you chew banana through a megaphone I do
comedy I don't cover god no it's
actually kind of sad like because Frank
is leaving shortly I'm gonna miss you
banana megaphone not to mention it's my
boys birthday happy birthday break hey
birthday
say no more Frank I got you something
for your birthday I got you something
cuz I'm that guy go on for protection
complete somebody already I'm talking
breakfast in bed a bed is your wiener
out morning oven an aria brought you
breakfast in bed you were leaving right
Frank you said or something like that
that gave me good in my life so we'll
see you later Frank okay - boo - what
dear Frank it's your birthday
take this maverick March and be well do
great things at the universe is that a
go you're gonna miss your flight
it's interesting Frank it's really
interesting oh by the way you want some
Avram urge you want summers hottest
immersing the gay baby it's no joke it's
a revolution
Mavericks the ones who are gonna change
the world with past hard work
determination from mindset of a freaking
toy pokeball comm /aa or Lincoln's
vision yeah did you bring food I'm so
hungry and dying Lydia also huh how do
you think those got there I'm assuming
you may have had something to do with it
you guys a mime or sick yes that's why
that's why I have goggles on here's the
issue going to the doctor I'm abroad you
breakfast in bed
Marek is walking like a dog how you but
to let that happen
call you always barking him but you're
not going to do anything about it you
good you good bro maverick what the fuck
are you doing your party supposed to fly
up there I've never seen him on the
ground ok guys so the plan right now
Lydia scored me a doctor's appointment I
don't know how you did that so quick
good job Lydia go to that hopefully they
don't tell me I'm dying cuz that's how I
feel also how I look according to you
Lydia yeah Lydia called me ugly nice ok
so Brendan my man Brendan had a crazy
we brought my boy Kong to SAP she hasn't
been as cute as he could be right no
okay yeah all of us had this realization
Kong has gotten ugly I know okay I know
it's tragic it's not okay look it's not
like he's like ugly he's uglier then he
was like I sound bad but I don't know if
you guys remember original like og com
look at this guy look at him in his
heyday puppy Kong off fluffy and all
cute like he used to be a little
puffball
he was so puffy it's like if I had a
hundred of him and strike them down I
could literally I could start a cereal
brand maybe called mini cons and they be
looking amazing and I would put
Kellogg's out of business fact but I
digress
Kong his hair now has gotten long and it
flows down his back like lays down it's
not puffy and he write it just like I
mean it's no Blaine
so Brennan what did you say today no I
would think that by giving a haircut it
wouldn't make them fluffy I think it'll
help just puff him back up I don't know
the actual science of dog hair growth
okay I'm not a scientist I'm not God I'm
pretty freaking close but I'm not just a
vlog I'm such a judge you know also if
you're not subscribed and I guarantee no
one has ever come to the doctor's office
looking this swag no Venice Beach and
jump into the canal here oh yeah those
are gross - I told her about jumping
into the water and Italy this Italian
water just posted in my brain so what is
this hurt it's blood pressure how can it
hurt actually I
yeah I think I've done this off the
problem is I'm yoked you know naturally
so this like squeezing my biceps like
can be honest ask me question yeah
do you think I'm dying no I don't think
you're dying and thank God
okay so doctor came in he's Brenda Liddy
you guys best back what he did tell me
what's wrong with me you guys ready for
this is your boy is dying I'm dying he
said yeah so look impove long signing
off forever infection dude he described
it as he described it as a cold that
doesn't go away so he prescribed me with
drugs it now yeah it means drug this
means drowned have a healthy drugs so
we're gonna go get those later and
hopefully you know I'll feel up soon but
yo oh oh
what that's definitely not okay okay I'm
a little bored
we wanted to come pick up Judy you guys
know Judy she's the Spanish girl who
cusses a lot and calls me stupid a lot
so we're gonna go pick her up literally
just to honk the train horn in her face
which actually brings up a funny point
my brother Jake is not so funny actually
it's getting sued for this exact thing
the issue is he did it to a stranger not
someone he knows so I guess technically
yes Judy could sue me but Judy
Julie Julie Julie I do
come up here Judy your neighbors are
gonna hate you why do they hate you Judy
I'll send all your neighbors flower gift
baskets lydia flower gift baskets for
all Judy's neighbors step no Brendon
just pointed something out to me if this
is what I think it is what is that Oh
some sort of like final destination if I
don't take care of him why is he so
awesome and healthy and perfect because
Lydia you hold him and you just put his
leashes through doors for final
destination yeah
I can still park right over them
bubbles dog grooming doesn't sound legit
barking at that fake dog that's a fake
dog it's fake you're good you're good
bro - you're confusing me Kong he's like
yo you're lucky you're not real
otherwise I would beat that ass these
are different types of dogs oh I think
mmm those herself oh yeah I want the
bitch in style heel Brendan like
honestly what should we do guys we could
leave his fluffy lion mane and just trim
down his body
what if we did the opposite and just
shaved his face and then leave his body
funky yeah we could do stripes like
donuts around his body I grow stripes
yeah I like how Kong can be so hype and
sometimes just so chill like what are
you thinking right now bro oh okay he's
a high profile dog very famous on
Instagram he needs to look he needs to
look savage you know because his name is
Kong savage and so I want to I want to
keep that so cute what happened he's not
a puppy anymore survey you good bro so
are you good bro no I'm making a vlog
and you're ruining my audio wait do we
have to leave do we leave come here
we're just leaving here bro dude we
gotta go
don't touch his butthole you hates that
back in the crib oh yes
all right yo Lydia got me my drugs no
longer this could mean drugs this means
drugs again though the good kind of
drugs don't do drugs kids you will die
this goes up my nose correct yeah you
want to demonstrate on you I do want
your help me help you turn and sing with
me girl what you trying to do cuz I have
done it the vets called we're gonna get
Kong so I'm just go ahead and hop into
you oh we're just thinking yo Who am I
kidding probably you'll also want to see
some local no turn around we're gonna
get the Merkabah shots oh all right
on that note let's go get come
you're not calm oh my god oh you look so
cute and fluffy so song-song you're
beautiful again oh fuck god this is the
world's greatest op hands down oh my god
he's so soft look at this dog
okay low gang that is the blog oh the
vibes are so good right now my baby is
back looking cute and um Evan is on the
porch listening to Frank Sinatra I've
never seen him do that but it's actually
dope like bro we could all learn
everyone take notes from Evan okay we
need to just take a day listen to some
Frank and chill and I'm talking Sinatra
and Frank my friend who left this
morning damn so many Frank's of music um
okay maverick mercy Oh y'all know where
to get it Logan pause icon slash shop
the hottest softest marks in the game
changing the world
maverick squab Bank and if you're not a
part of the low game make sure to
subscribe hopefully tomorrow I am
feeling better who's won the low gang
needs contact your boy is gonna deliver
low gang I love y'all I'll see you
tomorrow
oh he does need a toothbrush his breath
smells like he has horrible breath yeah
