oh those crazy brother a car swerving
and freaking Devon on them haters and
know really about what we were screaming
about is like how can the maverick merch
be so fired how did we keep doing this
I'm opening the vlog with the plug y'all
know where to get the merch Logan Paul
that cop /sha but anyways you're I you
know it's funny I open these vlogs and I
say hey oh good morning low gang but
it's not the morning in fact it's what
time is it 3:00 p.m. and like I said in
yesterday's vlog guys this like this
sickness or whatever the heck is wrong
with really just like sucks the energy
out of me in the morning I don't know
what it is oh I do my emails I do my
meeting and I'm just like yeah and it's
very difficult so then I have to like
take like a 20-minute two-hour nap and
just gather energy and now we're here in
the eddy how you doing put enough of
that you guys know I'm here to entertain
you on a daily basis so if you're new
here hi how are you I'm Logan Paul
welcome to the channel if you're not
subscribed oh here I'm gonna actually
toss you out the window
don't worry about you later oh I'm in
traffic
I'm in traffic I actually dropped it I'm
a chef
so all right guys first item in the
agenda you know this yesterday we try to
buy a couch didn't work so to come to
Ikea City as you can see y'all I say
city cuz like this is like a furniture
store this bitch is huge also also this
is not a brand deal for IKEA Brenda zoom
in zoom in Brennan Brenda zoom in I kill
you owe me money we are gonna go
shopping but first we're gonna drop off
lydia and kong at the kids play pin row
this is what i'm saying look the first
thing we see love's sieve inlay I know
what a vimla is but we are looking for a
loveseat I want to put this couch inside
of the cool bus as if the bus whoa whoa
whoa whoa as if the bus couldn't get any
cooler this is not the one but we are
getting warmer yeah bro so many options
just chillin this company could
legitimately establish their own
government like democracy and everything
bro they're just like trap everyone in
here like make a citizenship frickin
checks and balances and everything I'm
lost
thank God for these navigational arrows
I have an idea keg will design the chair
right and then make a mistake so hi guys
so we're back at the crib I'm here I'm
just yeah I'm just kidding bro it's the
kitchen Oh God how did you get into face
this hope is hoping this one right here
Kong what do you think like the depth is
definitely good it might be a little
long and it folds out into a bed I'm not
saying this for me but just like the
Smashing that could take place in the
school bus like again not for me just
like potentially big moves power moves
this is sparta just kidding it's a bunk
bed well on that note like things here
have interesting names fetch cacilie
kamyp sir thanks to mouse lander dignity
all right let's go he's getting bigger
would you like to join my IKEA City you
could be a member of the government as a
cute dog Congress average on Instagram I
am recruiting members to join my city
first thing we're doing war with North
Korea who's with me
ball carp ball carp that's what we're
getting today most people would use a
cart in sama neanderthal I'm gonna carry
it hi yes we are oh okay so good news we
got it to fit in the Yeti good stuff
except not so much room for Lydia back
there how you doing come on Lydia you
got it oh my gosh it's like a comedy
brokes glad I get to sit in the front
seat help me - oh hi Lydia do you want
to switch places and see how it feels
no I I don't think Brennan would even
I'm fit yeah exactly so she
just as long as this doesn't like come
down and crush me that would be really
funny
my assistant Lydia dies on my vlog ten
billion views
never get to cry no guys I haven't
driven the cool bus in a couple days
Brendan I'm saying this to you too bro
what it's dope
I really miss it like we put the hand
that got here check this out I'm not
into my bus
look at this thing bro damn awesome oh
my god I'm just like feel like I'm just
living a freakin fantasy world like or
right like you're gonna roll this up but
our plan was to put the couch like right
here with these love sacs ours also
don't forget guys we got Cong Abed the
other day he's uh he's liking it a lot
eventually guys I want to have the merch
canyons and just like be able to post
them on the wall like it so much stuff
so much innovation car the world is our
oyster car we could do what I okay I'll
do it by myself damn bro these are all
things I love let's start with a dog
Hong Kong dokie inside of the cool
projects do the Yeti
hope I didn't break it
yeah you just kill it in the vine you
ain't doing it right he's on to play pie
with the dogs you don't know what you're
done you just ruined you liked it okay
Lydia how do we build it
oh snap high-five Lydia that was the
most awkward thing in my life
why give me high five I don't know my
own strength is our young anyways yo is
it gold Brandon oh it's kind of dope bro
yeah this is definitely the way to go
damn yeah yep that was the moon okay
guys right now we have to actually go
edit out of my hair music video
otherwise we would cruise around in the
cool bus but yeah lots of stuff to do
grind my grind dad let's go I don't know
how to say this but I came home and this
this is what I saw the term your or the
phrase you're looking for is oh thank
you hmm can you explain to the low gang
what exactly happened here okay say I'm
Logan Paul and I'm leaving right I'm
moving out I gotta leave oh great okay
the best part is that we don't even have
a house yet so let's try there now you
were gonna rap maverick Lauren evil a
Syrian man grabs my drone drone they
wrapped everything Brendan yeah let me
know you did this bro like I said this
in your vlog like I don't understand how
this is helping me move hallo you get
lost
yeah for sure okay no you don't I'm done
with these YouTube breaks I'm gone I'm
going in a wrap I'm good amigo okay so
I'm gonna do this with George's
thumbnail thanks buddy I also just want
to point out you guys memory lied I'm so
sorry bro like I want to edit the video
I really do I'm sorry did you not see
him on Jimmy Kimball that's what he's
known for what I said this yeah yeah I
do some smart things I do I do I feel
like like you really
just to show everyone that was on Jimmy
Kimmel Jimmy said though if you wrap up
an accumulation of dumb things it
becomes a smart thing well we did wrap
up a lot of things and I feel like it
was a smart thing his house
anything for the news right guys the
fact that we're all in our 20s and we're
doing this for a living no I said that
would be my buzz I'm like yo I'm gonna
banish your world this is a real life
huh this is great squeeze dress okay
cool nice locked and loaded art it's
time to grind okay yo Eli threw together
a first cut in like record time one and
a half days I'm sure it's gonna be
awesome
also I want to say you guys know this
I'm sick my face is a little swollen
having an IV doctor come and put a drip
in my arm too I just I feel like I'm
gonna die IV drips at the crib and think
also I should point out guys when I'm
sick I purposely grow out my beard
because I'm like feeling lazy and down
and I feel like a hobo kind of so I just
really embrace it and just grow out this
piece-of-crap beard that I have this is
a beard yeah I know that's I'm saying
you have a real beard I know what are
you doing okay y'all how do you know how
do you know that you put it in the right
spot Oh got to get in the veins where I
got a lot of those oh I feel I can feel
it going in my body I feel like
the hair take it easy man my blood is on
my body oh my gosh Wow okay good stuff
back to the end okay low gang that is
the vlog not quite sure how I feel if I
feel better yet but hopefully tomorrow
regular Logan is back I are yeah yeah
the dark still wearing condoms on her
leg bit of a weird thing out of my hair
music video is gonna be absolutely
insane I'm aiming for a Sunday release
so mark your calendars for that be ready
to go like and subscribe if you're not a
part of the low gang join the strongest
family on YouTube it's crazy bro every
day I'm like dang I am deep in this vlog
game like I'm probably like 400 straight
daily vlogs and that love it bro I've
said it multiple times today I feel like
you guys allow me to live like this
fantasy world I'm very blessed I'm
fortunate I want to thank you guys the
low gang so here's the thank you for
joining this journey with me cop your
maverick Myrcella is y'all know where to
get a Logan Polycom slashed shop or a
link in description denting the universe
bro that's what we do is softest how-to
smarts in the game okay I will see you
tomorrow take it easy man
