oh oh oh she's headed Oh God oh we're
just hanging out over here I can tell
him oh we're gonna go outside you know
okay guys I feel get them get off I'm
still sick but it's like passive stages
of regular sickness it's like so
internally he's going down and so for
these vlogs like it's noon right now
literally the whole morning I'm sitting
in the chair like this just gathering
energy so I can vlog for the rest of the
day that definitely helped - well yo
here's the thing he championed every day
I'm gonna make that promise to you the
loca Haley vlog content I hope you guys
enjoy if you're not a part of it make
sure to subscribe
no really though guys if you have the
strongest family on YouTube not to
mention my level is very low today
I'm sorry by the way we're cussing a lot
today guys I'm so sorry I don't know we
don't give up I just made a music video
out of my hair it has nothing to do with
anything I'm just like wow it's coming
soon okay you go bye bye Evan
right in the cool bus okay yeah I think
we can make that half I just yeah it
might be illegal that's what I'm saying
uh no I guess I don't have the papers
signed for it yet Lydia Lydia what are
the papers we have to sign for the bus
the titles title something I know how do
we do we actually have we have to go
sign the title right now sounds like a
plan okay man back in the Yeti driving
with no hands what's new yeah that's the
fact that we're out here no Brendan
Brendan I got this bro I do this it's a
fact an actual verifiable actual fact
that we are out here um so you guys know
my boy Frank the long hair Frank Frank
he is shooting a music video today music
video for his song girl from LA actually
a banger yo yo a lot of music videos
lately haven't me Frank your kid I'm not
a singer right when I make them bangers
and so after we sign these papers and do
this boring-ass adult stuff we go visit
Frank I'm set also I feel like now's a
good time okay for the show that i shot
Logan Paul verses episodes come out
every week one of the episodes the one
that came out today was Logan Paul
versus retirement home the boy sat in
makeup for five hours and got dressed up
like an old person to talk like this and
when the old person retirement home and
these old people thought that I was one
of them it was hilarious
check out the trailer
the alternative to getting go with is
dying for you crazy yeah yeah that's me
old everybody I invented defeasible
clearly I lied because I'm a fucking
actor oh yeah if you want to check that
out it's on my Facebook page Logan Paul
or link is in the description that's a
good one all right let's sign these
papers literally signing a paper so I
can legally drive my bus which by the
way is number three I hit a car already
how's the first time I've ever had a car
in my life I'm hoping insurance is
working on that yes and yes and yes and
yes yes yes Brendan yeah so oh no just
Falls lamb on the brake ah it's sad I'm
sorry Kong Lydia is a horrible aunt Oh
before I was rudely interrupted by my
dog again there it is we are going to
pick up my friend Judy she's the spanish
girl however I don't think we're
actually gonna pick her up I just want
her to like come near the car and then
I'm gonna use my train horn and scare
the shit out of her the relief
yeah oh yeah here we love you Judy we
really do
you're just so fun to scare in fact judy
judy judy i can't we were in the area we
wanted to pick you up
why I think think
yo she looks so good I feel so bad I was
not actually gonna leave her guys don't
worry hi Judy vlogging
come on Judy get my car what am I not
weird
whoa Kong easy yo you need to take him
away Lydia oh you'll hand me my dog I
could help him oh Jesus Kong you need to
be a good respectable dog okay you have
a brand calm people look up to you
metaphorically cuz you're tiny they look
down to you it's cool when you're the
driver and you get out of the passenger
side right right yeah just like you know
I don't wanna get out Sherlock buses
come by I'm down to get hit by a bus but
it's got to be the cool bus not like
some ratchet-ass Hollywood bus something
I don't like Judy's insulting me she's
telling me I'm just a big big child
I'm not a big big shot you yeah I'm a
big choice dude for sure
look here's the thing importance okay
listen kids balance it's fun to be the
big kid right
oh okay yeah I'm a film this
inspirational montage outside look at
that not a lot of film somewhere else
what's new anyways here's what I'm
saying this is actually I like this
lesson I think balance in life is
important so while I'm able to act like
a kid and have fun and do the pranks and
jokes and stuff at the same time I can
flip the switch and become an adult and
sign my papers and do my business stuff
cuz I'm sure as you guys know like when
we shut the camera off a lot goes on
behind the scenes as far as
conceptualization goes the actual
running of the Maverick Enterprise it's
a lot so Judy I can be an adult
well I may sometimes act like a little
kid okay thank you thank you so much
guys I love you too it's good for your
Klout you get famous
do not be a famous he's so Spanish it's
so good I love you love you Judy great
that's a great question all the teachers
that were like real people like actual
down-to-earth people with a sense of
humor who often had sexual intercourse
some of them parents like those I was
fine with them it was the single ones
who were stuck up and lonely that hated
me right like like they were just like I
would get under their skin otherwise
like I'm a funny guy like guys believe
it or not I was a good student bro like
I was I took all honors class for seven
GPA in high school I was not the point
is Lydia to answer your question I'm the
boss
yo yo we'll see you later Wow yes we
love you we love you Frank we love I
love Frank oh I love Frank I love Frank
so yeah you told me not to stop by cuz
he's shooting at a big house later but I
did anyways cuz uh
I'm bored let's go buy a couch we're
buying a couch for you don't even have a
house
yo yeah cool bus bro like imagine we
just put a couch inside the bus that's
so rad bro look I went to college for
one year okay and I'm not a couch expert
but I know this is just not gonna know
it's not the couch is too big they they
have a week selection here bro I want a
couch like it's like I'm thinking like a
loveseat Logan Logan what are you doing
bro all right what are you doing
laughing we're gonna store in it I've
been looking for couches for like an
hour bro I don't get it like no matter
how big the stores just can't buy the
cow
I'm sorry I'm just looking for a
loveseat gonna hit postpone on that
project no that's my phone I was
postponed not postponed you're funny
Brendan okay believe it or not next
thing I want to do I want to buy books
bro can't read I can read I just don't
there's a couple books my like mentors
and like colleagues and stuff have
suggested me read deed like today's a
big day for me in adult life like it's a
good day for me right yes I do I found
it but I don't know how to use your
technology Oh Oh me either
whoa whoa whoa yo the craziest thing
ever I'm holding these books bro no joke
I feel smarter this is wacky bro whoa oh
yeah
back at the crib oh okay as you guys
know you saw the title and thumbnail of
this video are you ready to meet your
brother for the first time yeah I want
to introduce Kong to Ari yes if I don't
think Evans gonna be a fan holy jeez
Evan do you think it's a little big
awesome a little curious how you're
gonna get her okay
geez I'm dude yo I am the best uncle in
the game in fact so good I have an idea
we're gonna do right now come here are
ya I made a mistake I'm human I thought
you were Logan Oh
yeah what if she dies she's not gonna
die for other siblings I'm killing calm
no you can't yo look it's okay that she
hasn't gotten all her shots yet yo
evvamean you are the two gay dads this
is incredible oh my gosh this is so cute
oh you guys you're gonna be living
together forever are you you look so
stupid with that thing up what it's okay
hey get out of there Kong no no no no
that's just
yo this is so crazy no right I mean look
okay you guys even saw like he freaks
out around dog but with Aria he's so
chill this is magical Evan Amit brought
me your happy dad is actually really
cute I'm actually I'm actually
flabbergasted oh oh oh she's pregnant
Oh God Oh gong-gong I am ecstatic with
this interaction pretty soon Ari's gonna
be like much much bigger than Kong sure
it's talk I know I don't know Mom yo bro
thanks more yoke didn't you and it's so
interesting because who knows if they're
gonna be siblings or if they're gonna
like okay now that our children have
officially met for the first time no
gang that is the walk it was funny how I
say that was such like enthusiasm it
really it just kind of sucks I wish I
could hang out with you guys forever but
I gotta go do real-life stuff like
reading so I will say if you are not a
part of the low gang make sure to
subscribe so in the strongest family on
YouTube which is now including these two
and if you have not yet copy or maverick
merge these went sideways be a maverick
don't be afraid to be different oh my
god oh
oh that's a little different I like that
maverick spirit you guys know where to
get it it's the hottest merch in the
game I guarantee it is the softest merch
in the game Logan Paul calm slash shop
or link in description low gang I love
y'all I will see you tomorrow
take it easy pampers
you didn't take the camera for me I was
gonna do the same exact thing
Oh red
