evan is driving a vehicle that is 1,000
times as big as him this is monumental
unicorn helmet
we got the plate thanks for the pickaxe
break come on yo guys crazy night last
night as you know we celebrated marks
birthday oh it's a bit wacky this
morning hey it's the opening you know if
you got plates
you better be breaking those plate
morning okay so yesterday my roommate
Evans dog she broke her leg cried she
cuz yeah she's made honey oh no look so
pathetic how are you running just so
funny but at the same time it's so sad
yesterday she jumped off this bed look
guys she's just a little puppy and she
jumped off the bed and she's really hot
poppy I hope you feeling better this
morning so cute okay so I was in the
bathroom ever ever
your dog is broken oven she doesn't look
fire watching you be a dad is hilarious
cuz it's not a dad no door can be dad
sizes sizes but it's a good size you
can't get the connection
no no comedy good funny look at this
lady daughter condom that's what you're
not part of the low game you should hit
the button for me subscribe we are the
strongest family on YouTube let's go
where matters we change the world every
day time to get a condom
fuck your Magnum come here dog yo I'm
rolling a con amount of dogs leg don't
forget guys the vet told us this was a
solution to keep the dog's foot dry are
you you have a condom on your leg this
is beautiful fire be free all this dog
condom talk reminds me since we didn't
get to do this yesterday you want to try
to drive the cool bus today yeah I'll
try get heaven is
stenches look at this dog and my man is
gonna drive the cool bus if he's
challenging for the record anyone mess
with the squad squad goes hard doing I'm
a bull I see some weaker than me I gotta
take it I'm just sure all right boys
aren't good thank you for being here
with us today as we discuss the
negatives of boom are you bro yes are
you gonna be back later kuba friendship
is the best friends right what we get it
you gonna be back there Deb cool bus
where's the Dagon Brendan I don't know
it's basically nighttime ah I'm not
gonna lie guys I walked over to my couch
and then I laid down and closed my eyes
and now we would start out but I will
say Lydia is inside complaining about
something that's pretty funny actually
in my Instagram post yesterday I tagged
on Lydia as assistant but you're not the
only one when I take Judy Spanish are
you not my assistant does she not know
hi I'm Logan you're my assistant
I said are you not my assistant am I
wrong is it well I'm not firing I'm
saying my assistant oh look it's Evan
where are you Evan I need content comma
home would drive a bus with me switch
the pedal extensions from the Challenger
to the bus no we'll do it we'll make a
have a car don't touch that backup come
I'll see you soon okay come in pedal
extension
ooh I forgot to say this today is
actually uh Bella Thorne's birth she's
turning 20 she starred in the out of my
hair music video as you guys know but
romance are you down to party I'm always
down to party but it's Halloween themed
it's a costume party so is go get back
to the party
oh no you thought him asking if you were
down to party men you were invited
no yeah you're not invited I was just
asking I was just wondering you were
down oh yeah
in fact I think we're just gonna stick
you in the Kong's cage for the rest of
the night just call this coffee asleep
in my bed funny bro let's go drive this
cool bus and get some coffe it's going
down and I'm not even yelling Tim yeah
real quick I just want to say never
merch is on point today bro looking
seriously though yo we did a ride back
you have not caught merch yet you know
where to get it looking Paul that calm
slash shop it's on the wheels probably
oh yeah bro that's all the issue
yesterday we saved it with the water
bottle big ears but John Barry doesn't
help
oh why don't we drop my phone I swear to
god that was an accident accident I
wasn't you got this F it
you know even from this angle is really
it's circumstantial the circumcision
know what what are you doing
it's almost the moment of truth evidence
is this possible problem you don't think
the brake works I don't think it's not
important either you don't think we need
a break
hey I'm pretty sure oh yeah I think
we're just gonna go down there I'm gonna
go down there and just pick a shot okay
now the good Wrangell work come on you
son of a bitch oh man this is not easy
not easy I'm Logan I got it this is very
difficult okay
Thank You Steph you're good to go Evan
mess with it too much just in case if it
does come off plane is so sketchy put it
on upside down I'm sorry Evan I've never
been a dwarf before I don't know
goodbye the good news is we got calm how
is that good news it's calm stuff he's
gotta be Dobby with crash and die so
probably pretty dope oh you always going
down you don't have to see Python no all
right look I brought the love sack up
here it's a good little seat not to
mention the jenkees camera setup ever we
got GoPro duct tape iPhone and also over
here GoPro duct tape I'm driving with
Evan on a new level cool bus edition
let's go
I love it house its lights is shining
bright I can't I can't see the light is
is good it makes you look good for my
vlog so just deal with it yeah oh go
down the street we're officially on the
street guy heaven is driving a vehicle
it is 1000 times as big as ham-fisted
monumental this is historical from now
on every friendship I get into I'm just
gonna warn them be like you are making a
huge mistake
you should get out of the street I don't
know hey how you doing good good good
how are you feeling right now I can't
believe this brake is working oh you
wanna say oh you know we should do my
boy have been in your music video called
war problems let's skin jam bro
so much fun stuff for costume bro we pop
in one of these pink Hollywood which
he'll tell me that's not the cutest you
ever seen here you get the best person
award cuz you don't ah son it's good to
see you thanks son I appreciate you and
the fact that you're able to hold Pike
position oh boy oh why would we try to
make money we can we could just buy $8
okay oh dude Brendan's got the right
idea yeah bro like that's fun yeah yo
here's a little fun fact um
Halloween not one of my favorite holiday
I don't love it like I don't love the
idea of dressing up like I don't get
candy anymore honestly Bella's gonna
hate me but like a picture frame hold it
in front of ourselves it's funny hair by
the way Wow funny it's amazing yeah good
okay low gay that is life you are not
subscribed if you are not a part of the
low gang hit the button for me join the
strongest family on YouTube brain cop
your low gang
maverick merch link for that is in the
description Avex baby a little bit
different than everyone out and put
dwarves and cool buses and have them
drive it let's go
okay look like that at the floor he said
that I love you
it's very hard to hide when I'm riding
around the cool bus I
