Thank You Bella you're a star that's
that's deliciousness another epic day on
planet earth good morning I bet you guys
can tell my voice is kind of gone
yesterday the music video were shooting
out of my hair I was screaming a lot
Brendon is nowhere to be seen
Brendon hello also I'm capturing the
audio from this camera hi how are ya
guys a lot of stuff has happened today
so there's gonna be a little different
in my videographer as you guys know has
been grinding his ass on the head as a
true maverick he works hard that's what
we do every day I guess except today who
knows what he's doing he's probably
still working but I gave him the day off
so quick shots - Brendon guys we're on
our way to day 3 of my music video out
of my hair originally it was only
supposed to be two days there ended up
being way too many shot I'm already
spending like a ridiculous amount of
money on this video I was like yo screw
it let's do things right and let's add a
third day so we can get everything we
want and devil good-morning me home I
pad like a pirate iPad yeah oh yeah yeah
I thought you said iPad I was like oh
okay yeah I'm not used to these locating
me well what do these actually do this
mean xui asking around the area I have
no idea what she just said no this the
last day guys like we got finished
strong if this video doesn't get a
billion views I am personally deleting
my brother's YouTube channel that's
sorry Jake Oh what we got no you Lydia
it's nice Lydia nice oh you have
ibuprofen yeah guys cuz I'm feeling sick
I'm a mission a guy new wardens I'm
Rogan get sick yeah I'm sick I'm sick
all right guys I'm gonna get makeup
Hey hi oh you actually look good I don't
believe it guys guys please embrace the
fact I have hair this is the real me
yo yo can we get a flashback to what
Haley look like yesterday oh I died yo
so this is what she actually looks like
you know a beautiful girl nice two long
legs you got a dog killed Lydia told me
a funny story off camera so do you guys
know we got like shots injected in her
butt yesterday
yeah thought they were like poison shots
and like what did you say did you feel
areas like this funny but what did you
say happen to you in the car I woke up a
story to gonna get up do my thing get a
car you threw up what'd you throw up
well it was like kind of like you throw
up in your mouth and then you swallowed
her I hit my elbow I just came outside
to look at the sunset lo you guys didn't
know this I actually started vlogging
super late today had a really big
meeting this morning with a really big
person not like size height wise like
big in Hollywood gave me a piece of
advice I'm gonna share it with me this
guy's big so everything he was saying I
was just like absorbing we talked about
a lot of stuff and it was a super like
magical vibing meeting but one of the
things he said that I liked he said
exceed expectation like someone has an
expectation of you they expect something
go above and beyond what they expend
exceed expectations I know he actually
self-explanatory but it's something so
simple a lot of people don't do it but
I'm gonna adopt that in my life and from
now on I'm gonna exceed expectations
family on YouTube yo cuz we're freakin
poppin boy no no no no no donk stays off
the camera are you taking a snapchat
Instagram story welcome Paul if you want
to follow me there yo Lydia did you
bring merch for Haley do we have murder
you didn't bring
can he much near backpack because I
would love some Africa Oh get out dude
wait did I wait come on Yeti backpack
give me some button yeah just go pros
cuz I'm a vlogger I know what to do I
got that good good for you you got that
good good
here you go isolated bang what did you
say somebody tagged me in a picture of
Logan and her dog but I didn't think it
was your Navi oh he's not just a dog
he's a superhero what does he do
two things go home get some merch to get
some calls so we can show her exactly
what she's dealing with whose team are
you on
team love what's your logo man no I
don't get mercs get merch but not for
Haley someone's like to catch an L let's
check out the set okay that looks good
there's rose petals on the bed not a big
camera one day I'll be vlogging on that
mics lighting candles yeah my oh is that
the flamethrower yesterday
oh that was fun what see anything new I
mean isn't that Alexa with the new coach
yo let's go don't meeting today yo
that's what I said what did he tell us
what did he tell us told us a bunch of
amazing what was that thing what was the
thing we our goal in our mission
statement no for the low gang bo what
the he said one big name is to exceed
expectations oh okay let me get to where
I'm going on sighs I exceed expectations
ass so cool bro little by little if you
do that how are you good just checking
on you yeah I missed you baby you're out
here looking beautiful
dictionary and look up roses just ton of
roses we wrote kind of roses in the
script this oh my gosh that is
definitely a ton I think y'all in the
script wasn't it tons
it was tons okay so this is a ton that
was a lot of squeaks a lot of squeaks
right there Oh in the candle how many
hello candles yeah again definitely have
hella candles the Millennial Talk was my
thing oh my god oh these are real smells
so good for my butt hey so right now I'm
just waiting on Bella to join me in the
Rose bed Bella no Kiki hot wax now I'm
telling you just being in this bed just
makes you feel sex the roses are the
same color as your hair
I'm colorblind no I am I am I'm color
but it's on the internet you could what
oh no no no Haley was using said max did
you steal my condoms no at least I got
Kong still hi buddy did you miss daddy
I'm smashing on rose petals hi what I
love it that's actually now that's the
unreleased piece of merch
welcome to the music video is set for
out of my hand honestly we could make
this song about YouTube yo my man's got
flow no should make a song about his
tongue look at that puppy that's a
tongue yo you guys you released a
baseball team yes but what you're
wearing is a freaking classic what we
think you guys think I should release
the baseball team like yes or no whole
Alliance and I just count it just get yo
I don't want to be anywhere in my life
except here right now nope a box dog hey
hey whoa touch my dog that's all touch
my dog was directing you oh yo speaking
of so my little bros - why don't we boys
just came out with her new song and
music video is called invitation alive
my man over there he directed it in
common a little cameo video is actually
dope though Eli you did a good job you
guys should check that out the link for
that in the description or just go to
the why don't we boys channel again it's
called invitation in fact I think we do
a little Kong montage to the song how
about I pick you up and man
baby he's survived roll down the windows
we can fly Bella love Kong what do you
looking gonna cry
she hates it I was looking at any love
to come here calm it's so cute you're
not thinking back from a cup your mind
Bella call that Kong to savage on
Instagram cause not that engage me bro
Oh rolling out the tarp okay if you
remember a few days ago I said we were
gonna make it rain inside like actual
precipitation from cumulus cloud in the
form of that thing we go make you right
I hope I'm not a part of that cleanup in
fact I refuse to be a part of that clean
oh when I said I want to make it rain
endure my teammate it hat psycho we're
about to do the rain tensions are high
in the region so many things to go wrong
Bella has a hard out so a rush yo
Brendon did you get a haircut no you got
to do the rain dance slow again you
forgot to do the rain and then okay so
the rains gonna be coming down on both
you for this one no ranged oh oh oh I
like she's turning 20
I'm not gonna do it you have to do
appreciate meeting cake we like forks
it's time I'm just gonna use my face
Thank You Bella you're a star that's
that's yet deliciousness
hey it's me Dad hi yeah shut up this is
love it's not chocolate cake don't worry
but you are cuz that's my boy
you're doing good be happy ho ho ya know
getting cake in the face is not fun it's
like cell phone oh so it's not blue - no
what is she saying you know sometimes
you just make noises
yeah the low gang loves you we good fun
good fun alright guys calling it our
odds of the next location it's actually
the same location as it was the other
day I explained that in a second is kind
of a disaster but you know here you
remember the other day I said I backed
up into a car with the cool bus things
the giant bus it has no backup cam and
no rearview me enough to mention you
can't see out the back yeah I was
backing out of here actually and this
happens to be the car that I oh god I've
sped up let's see I will say though
driving the cool bus yeah I looked cool
doing it
what she's talking about Frank who is
looking beautiful right now hold up
don't no don't don't don't make out with
Frank stop let me just stop okay let's
talk about yesterday's title hit this
music video wet sexual gone sexual
anyways Frank is looking beautiful
beautiful yeah you are beautiful I just
did guys remember Haley from earlier
yeah okay stop eating my dog yeah you
gotta kiss her bald head you know take
the g-wagen broke my views good stuff
guy we agreed there's no sidebar you
gave me the car it's my car it's my car
no one needs to see guys no 138 in the
morning right now he tell you something
about that alright yeah okay so here's
what I was saying earlier as you guys
know this is a very expensive music
video and I'm paying for all of it I
felt like I needed to I wanted to do
something like really like artsy and
cinematic so that's what this is but
this particular scene I forgot to get
reaction shots the other night and I
know we're gonna need them when we go to
edit the video so I made the whole crew
come back to this location just to get
literally like 5 reaction shots and it
probably cost me like this scene alone
probably another like 20k really use
your brain when you're shooting because
those reaction shots first reaction
awestruck and action oh my god Logan no
gangster what he sick
oh and wow I'm so glad I came to do this
back home tonight it's 3:20 oh that was
a booty call
honey it's 3:25 a.m. right baby crap
okay guys that is the selfie vlog today
I kind of like it I kind of like being
in control the camera bomb okay winners
of the cool bus merch contest again I do
these for like big life special event if
you bought merged within 48 hours of me
getting the cool bus I was gonna pick
ten of you to embroider your names
inside the cool bus and fly two of you
out here to come take a ride with me the
ten winners are alexandra tober Chloe
Mason Ben huh Quinn McCoy Hanna sha Shan
golden Austin it right Alex kadar
Marlene Lobos and Samantha you car youth
card bro didn't even plan that that was
a pretty funny pun named you anyways
congratulations to the winners thank you
to everyone who got marched and also
enjoy your merch you guys know this is
the hottest merch in the game it's the
softest merchants ahead it actually
means something baby being a maverick
every day being different it's a good
thing you can still get your March you
should get your merch looking ball that
come slash shop or link in description
the two people I'm flying out our Shane
golden in Alexandra Tober so I will see
you guys soon
maybe not part of the looking make sure
to subscribe okay guys I love you I will
see you tomorrow
first attempt at vlogging do this he
makes it look so easy
