you have to blow me from the neck down I
can lie to you the windows are tinted so
you're gonna miss in a second okay I
feel like I don't need to say this but
sickness has come back I did stay two of
our music video my music video out of my
hair like these sniffles here they got a
coaster big day today's a big day
in fact it's so big guys we had to add a
whole extra day to our shoot which we're
only planning on shooting two days for
having an x-ray like no one really knows
about this yet I don't even know what
Bethel is available like it's just
currently the situation is a disaster
part we're gonna figure it out oh yeah
good morning okay what's Bob and if you
guys are watching this and you were not
a part of the low game make sure you
subscribe hit the button for me we are
lit every single day okay let's go get
starting to be a bit harder today me ho
I pop the pimple yesterday I did on my
face and I said it's just tough you know
like I'm sure most of you are going to
be really a lot of you love acne
problems I had bad acne in high school
here's a picture of me in high school
but just know guys there's a light at
the end of the tunnel one day you can
look like not actually Who am I kidding
bro look at me you're gonna be out good
for the rest of your life sorry
okay guys I'm war without me or did the
makeup looking a little better it's time
for hair of me home as you know the
music video is called out of my hand
mess up
I myself some cappuccino they trick
myself into thinking I'm awake you don't
even like coffee
I'm not zero gotta do it though yo this
is fun today's fun this is all like fake
skin because today you're turning the
girls into zombie if you saw yesterday's
vlog what you did here in the whole game
you know how much money I'm spending on
this way too much but Dad you'll see why
it's so expensive a lot of the facts a
lot of make girls are gonna look
fabulous actually our lead girl Bella I
think is in here and Brendan used to
here I gotta go talk to her and tell her
a surprise so you might have to do it
actually I think this is our first set
this is a good Oh God it's popping we
got it for four hours tomorrow okay good
good good
this is a good thing we got Bella for
four hours could a freaking payday can
happen let's go that's what we do well
no gangsters for life we're actually on
set row this is our first piece for the
day yeah yeah this is my room guys know
I'm a sensual guy I got the candles for
the lady I got the fur pillows for the
lady I got two per blanket for the lady
I got the maverick flag mainly for me
plot twist I'm sexy now you know
something about these silky ropes no man
it's just like I just feel so beautiful
hey horny like if this is my room in
real life I can only imagine this match
let's make a music video
oh good no it's getting weird today hey
Leo I told you is gonna get wacky is
that your real skinner here's why I
started rolling manager Jeff has arrived
and not just arrived what books are you
eating Jeff what are these there's only
one way to do so right what is the right
way dude what do they do say like I know
this is a roll noodles this is chicken
satay with peanut butter sauce I'm gonna
be nut butter be a song here soon
in Hollywood right now with you I'm
envious of you Jeff how's business by
the way three minutes yesterday -
unbelievable I like to hear that from
Matt forget surprise this morning also
as special Brendon you wanna thought
about it not to be otherwise no you look
great that nice eyes who Laura how you
doing don't even out compliments to
Bella but I just I'm not bees you know
angry zombies how am I supposed to tell
in Sami that they're hot yeah all that
dead skin peeling off your booth let me
get that back no keep it off me brother
Lawrence skin me and that's really paid
I know I didn't think I was you know
pale you are holy all right that's
enough it's the first stunt of the day
I'm gonna be jumping off this ladder
it's gonna look like Bela like threw me
onto the Bears the thing if you look
there's candles the candles are lit now
and my man Mike here is gonna be blowing
this giant like just precautionary
measure if the candle fall and the set
catches on fire I'll film a lot of use
your boy is hot as and I'm not talking
like my good looks
Frankie Oh Lord what's going on if you
touch this IV I swear
yo wait IB that's not the conservative
look at your VIN of an IV is gonna fix
this
are you sick at the issue actually not
gonna lie we had an IV nurse come to set
like we did the other day she's
injecting 12 shots and booties mine's
not going to my butt but I was feeling
sick so we had her come and she's gonna
hopefully stick me with a needle and hi
how are you she's ready for me I've
heard that before
wait no wait what are you doing
actually in your but ya know who's
running this set a billion views Haley
so I died oh you're getting with
everyone came to say and God drips I
just peed a little
alright yeah freakin put girls in the
little zombie makeup and they get
weirder than they are noted boys noted
oppa sure needles on my boy my boy time
sharing no I actually don't I actually
don't have anything low gang knows we
got STD check or since then no come on
good no we're getting shot in the butt
Oh didn't hurt at all did you do it what
does that do yeah I've never said before
my life in the same country breakfast
partying yesterday's vlog okay he had a
moment I am done being funny for your
life come on thanks buddy guy I do guess
my boy like as my friend yeah and in the
vlogs like
when fibro hey yo what's up dude what
are you doing wrong Frank laughs jammed
some Kendrick Brown maybe you know be on
set I don't I don't know we're making a
musical you're here yeah let's go back
Kendrick was hard and nothing mentioned
the scene they were about the super and
they poor local three zombie girls same
scene brick and being zombies and eating
faces and stuff it's gonna get dirty
look around we are in our last set of
the day remember the Tyrannosaurus Rex
from yesterday we got trees we got all
sorts of debris why is the breeze
spelled with an S at the end shouldn't
be like the Brits dumb joke anyway this
is my living room and in this scene the
zombies have taken over as you can see
all I can say is it's gonna be absolute
carnage I'm talking blood I'm talking
wet the flamethrower we got a
flamethrower I just said it but I'll say
it again honey let's do this Oh yo it's
so sick all did good good dog it's cool
it's a hairdryer flamethrower no fitting
with the whole theme of like hair and
out of my hair the name of the song you
know comedy have any questions about
what we're gonna do
you guys you know you're subscribed you
saw this stunt the other day said we're
doing it for real now I'm getting yanked
into a wall oh you probably hate me I'm
sorry bro you gotta wait for the music
video and yo like it for me when you see
it it's gonna be poppin yeah do have one
more day as you guys know we'll be
shooting that tomorrow what ok guys that
is the vlog it's like 1:00 a.m. right
now everyone here is grinding - am it's
- it's late I'm gonna be announcing the
winners for the cool bus and merch
contest tomorrow 48 hours will
officially be over and you know if you
didn't do it you can still get your
merge logo Paul that cop slash shop or
link in description maverick baby
hottest merch in the game and if you are
not a part of the Logan make sure to
subscribe we are the strongest family on
YouTube ok I love y'all
I'm sorry logging town clogs only Maggie
follow me at Frank locks that's kind of
funny
