duties still naked over there you can
kind of see her even though it's a
little fucky hi Judy what are you doing
I'm sick but can you not tell them sick
Brendon I know I can tell I feel like
God just hit me that it was a diamond
you to play by everyday with that below
I'm gonna deliver
ain't that right Kong oh no no don't eat
that that's guys dogs in class that's
not funny that's not funny at all
service on can't eat glass no you can't
adjust it
it'll tear up your esophagus new coffee
boy yeah you don't want to cause blood
cuz then you'll die and I need you curve
you I'm just kidding I love my dog it's
speaking of dogs and then having to pee
pee out good morning
it's 4:00 p.m. oh no no no oh yo can
they meet each other please you have to
meet one day cuz they're probably gonna
mate and make awesome babies look though
heaven don't you think the polls are a
little too big for the dog hi uncle okay
here's a little bit about me I'm really
cocky I'm a big shot I have 12.2 million
YouTube subscribers called the low gang
the strongest family on YouTube ah yeah
oh by the way if you're not subscribed
join the low gang hit the bug for me
join the fastest chip
you got some training to do boy oh
friend ed what but Dad what yeah I
forgot free shipping well guys free
shipping on the site looking for my
counselor she left me we've never done
it before
free shipping yeah wait wait
so yeah I get your merch get your
clothes while you can Mavericks
we're Mavericks oh man we bit different
from everyone else and that's what makes
us special when they go right we go left
you know saying you know where to get
the merger logo ball that comes /aa
blinking the screws just my boy Frank oh
hey Frank
free shipping Frank is a man of few
words
anyway free shipping on the site local
both archive slash shops always blow I
feel like stuff like that is like part
of the reason we are currently homeless
you feel like that I know that's the
reason I'm still working on finding a
house and be honest with you I think I
know the solution a little bit no look I
got a vlog to make okay I would love no
I would love to sit here and you good
girl
yes Lydia is so funny okay listen
actually I was like as you guys know we
just got back from Italy and when we
went to Venice our host Andy said this
water do not go in the water it's the
most disgusting like you'll actually you
know we have to go in the water I didn't
have to I didn't ask you in the water
but then I did this
wrong with me what am i thank you you
know what you know what I'm thinking no
come hug is out of control today you
know I don't think it is I gotta make
content like that's what it's all about
about entertaining you guys you know
what I'll take this sickness I'll take
this Elle and I'm making it into a kilo
game yeah children Sunday bro like oh
you know I was thinking I think it's
probably good that I have like a day to
just chill we have quite the week so as
you guys know on Tuesday we'll be
picking up the cool bus that should be
fun otherwise to say hitter c4c
a music video oh how do I say this
spending you yourself cuz yo normal like
singers and artists they all they have
like record labels right and the record
label will pay for the music video me as
you guys know I'm my own brand I'm the
production company I'm the distribution
nobody I'm everything so consequences of
that just as much as it rocks is like I
have to spend a lot of money I don't
have but I want to if I can make the
best possible product and break the
fucking internet making this amazing ass
music we this is like a good lesson as
well I think I've always been a
proponent of investing in yourself right
so like although I'm spending that much
money I it's an investment in myself in
my brand and I'm sure it'll make it sell
back I hope you guys better watch my mom
does not live with me she lives you know
I don't have that motherly figure that
maternal instinct that can take care of
me in times of sickness in need so I got
the next best thing a Latina what I
invited our friend Judy over maybe she
can take care of it obviously because
I'm a psycho I'm gonna have to scare a
little
you're cuter you're cuter and shorter
new Evans here here don't move I got
this we've made it the other day so go
that our friends I can fill my
this is good actually now that we're all
here I have something to say that's what
she said yeah I have something to show
you guys oh my god go go go go come on
my little ducklings look how funny it is
and they follow me
hi sweet beak look down there dude your
house you see the Maverick go oh wow the
Maverick look so good when you're above
it like this yeah might be my favorite
part about the car that's shit but it
would be better
hmm maybe like jumped off and slowly got
closer and closer to the no part of it
actually no this is perfect let me bring
this whole group down everyone calm down
yeah this Tigers office as big as yo yo
but I got something for you bro I know
Evan it's your big day
hey we got steps with a squad oh my
short people hop I'm a man yeah yeah
getting the job you see okay so clutch
oh that's there's cars so sexy row like
I'm saying that we're a woman bro that
like that's wife material that's wife
but I was thinking about this money
here's my favorite part about this
vehicle so you're at the club you're
outside right you're chillin and then
you see this this car pulled up this
this beautiful g-wagen 4x4 square and
then you see this twenty two-year-old
shots like stumble out of the car
looking like a straight India and then
there's like a hit my vehicle anyway I
got someone else to bring me something
pretty important you know I'm just
bringing people to me today yeah smart
guy the universe I think so I think so
y'all remember Haru brought me the
Maverick plates more math equation we
smashed off yeah it's breaking my bank
account but school don't care I feel I
should be pay for these plates Haru
you're here oh my god oh good bro I miss
me also
Evan don't have it at your big bag
savage so I'm with the squad right now
they in the backseat we rockin into Yeti
thanks Judy
as you know this sickness is sort of
hook up take it over my life I'm a
little congested so we have decided to
go to the spa that's right baby
fabulous a spa I don't know if we're
gonna be able to record in there cuz
it's probably a lot of naked dudes
it's like saggy bodies fuck Adama vlog
around to him it's the boys looking good
except not me so much you look good my
friend you look I still feel like God
just hit me with the YouTube playbook
but you can bet your ass I got them
Pucci slippers I'm hoping we can go in
and just sweat out all the evils within
my body so let's do this it's Judy she
has no swimsuit you're in your underwear
I'm not vlogging I am crazy though take
a selfie oh you can't do kids watch my
boy I'm so sorry kids actually no not
that's freaking dope okay me later I'll
see you I'll see you in the spa bye Judy
I love you I don't worry another I like
expose me I don't know what she's
complaining about we're all wearing
boxers this chill okay nah let's do what
we got judy judy judy put a robe on this
is this an awkward angle put the robe on
I used to be
he's uh to the left Judy this kids here
put a robe on I'm sorry my friends naked
I'm sorry
why are you doing we all think you look
good Judy what's your deal Judy I mean I
don't want to get my hair wet oh my yeah
yo you came to the wrong place - Judy
look at some clothes you kicked out of
here is naked girl by Brendon guns up I
give it 10 seconds so the camera seems
up almost like four guys take the camera
in this spot Judy still make it over
there you can kind of see her even
though it's a little fucky hi Judy a
little bit anyways we are back home and
look Judy is fully clothed now I know
what you're thinking oh man anyways look
at free shipping what we are doing this
again the sale is gonna be over in like
24 hours so you've got to go now
but as you can see I feel a little
better Rohit the spa was exactly what I
need but yeah
free shipping look up all that cop slash
shop or link in description the hottest
softest most comfortable coolest merch
in the game maverick baby changing the
world every single day and if you have
not subscribed yet do that before I hit
you in the mouth with the diamond you do
play button which would hurt cuz it's in
diamond whoa gang I love y'all I will
see you tomorrow
take it easy phanpy
that pale you a little pale yeah a
little
