I got that okay I can explain your boy
but it's okay cuz we are back in LA we
got back from Italy yesterday it's like
noon I just woke up as I did Oh No
got it got it yo it was a feather and
Mary you sure look at this thing was in
Kong's I just have like a little far how
does that even happen car why are you
putting maverick feathers in your eyes
and speaking of that the more you shed
the more feathers Khan gets in his eye
we have another dog in the house that
you are yo evans puppy gotta stop you
gotta stop guys before us they were up
to Aria if you were not a part of the
low gang make sure to subscribe we are
the strongest family on YouTube so hit
the button for me to subscribe but and
of course go you're doing it to do it
good who's my boy in little sister I are
y'all good morning sweetheart I'd be a
high oven house dad likes oh you're
telling me yeah you have had to take
care of call we talking about everyday
bro I'm the best night look even know
this morning I perform surgery on him
and saved his eyeballs
so ha this dog is the cutest oh okay
yeah I don't think so cuz first you have
me right like it's actually second you
got you like you sexy well hi bubby and
then third you got caught sorry oh my
gosh er cutie was calm had blue eyes he
has fur are ya how are ya you have no
idea the life you've just got signed up
for I feel so bad oh no I just
remembered okay obviously y'all know
about the merch it's the maverick merch
the hot is merging the game in fact my
whole closet is filling up with just an
awesome merch
look it's your I read some comments some
of you think that I ship the clothes
like that's all my stuff some of you
come a violent person we don't do we
don't do we don't do that but anyways
yeah I don't do that here's what I was
gonna say today and tomorrow Sunday and
Monday free shipping on the site free
ship so I'm sure you guys need clothes
you're in school winter is coming up and
not only do you need clothes I want you
to thrive in the clothes get that merch
boy so yeah free shipping link for that
in the description or look upon you
going down hi Brandon how you doing bro
today I think it's a big day it is a big
day you guys already know what's going
down bro the Yeti oh I will say it's
been a month and a half since we've been
missing our Yeti the vehicle inspired
the backpack these things are freakin
legend dude like they've gone down in
history because of this vehicle it used
to be a truck at this point honestly
it's just a monster it's seriously a
monster according to this YouTube video
we got this on July 18th oh wait but
today we get it back and it's in full
beast mode ok I got a shower if you want
to do a dab transition Brandon yeah hey
your boy knows how to clean up look at
the fresh off we're looking ugly and
stuff am i ugly I mean sexy so really
though I wore a white shoes white pants
black maverick v-neck we named it the
Yeti as you guys know because the whole
color scheme is like black and white
which by the way I can see hi I'm just
saying I'm so sexy that I'm ugly right
does that make sense
stop running I didn't tell you guys all
of the upgrades that I'm gonna leave
these on because my face feels swollen
I'm sick - I know I'm excited obviously
I hope you guys are just as excited as
me let's see this vehicle yeah so the
pop-up shop is it's like directly across
the street yeah we're pulling up we're
pulling up right now look at this leg
yeah so ok I forgot about this um banks
rice gum they're having a pop-up shop
today I mean you saw the line it ain't
no logan paul pop-up shop but there's
still a lot of people yeah this is gonna
be a disaster
fuck the yeti is right behind this
building with it just like go around
no rice foam banks well guys I'm sorry
so how about that vehicle this is
seriously it's turned into a monster
truck oh it is so hard to do it's so
hard to focus okay look Yeti black and
white blacked out the rim hated the
brake callipers white we painted the
shocks white oh my god so savagely so
this is the little upgrade driving watch
when I open the door
ah I've been sure so you can just tap on
up into the Viva Lydia Lydia
see good luck Lydia Lydia I want you to
step up in here yeah yeah
it's your big day this button right here
train horn
Oh yo remember guys when I bought this
beautiful day I gave you guys 48 hours
to buy Merc I would pick ten of you and
embroider your names in the Yeti
Dameon Tori Kelly Claire Harlan presents
it
Talal Abdulaziz and I joke with Nicole
rivers Jack card or Anjali
I'm gonna pick two of you guys out of
the ten year high two of you by the way
I'm doing another there's so much
oh I didn't say this guy's but we raised
it to inches and fat in the wheel as if
it's not already hard enough to get out
here ready for 50 points are ladies and
gentlemen I love the low gang I refuse
to run the movie I'm not
know what though so many things going
through my mind right now what off just
happened one I always say this after I I
meet you guys in person literally too
strong you showing from my own good I
got you what you are out of my control
either with it
train horn impossible second off the
Yeti is an absolute full beast mode
right now like guys we didn't even show
everything that we had upgraded and
we're gonna drive a little bit cool down
let the chaos just disperse itself turn
left onto North Fairfax Avenue okay
sounds good with the sub series got
based and then we'll get into the
montage stuff and wait till I show you
guys what's on top - yeah okay a little
update not so good we are driving to
Malibu right now then Brendan I think
you're gonna find this kind of funny
it's not funny it actually kind of sucks
I just got a text from face banks can
you read this aloud why would you get
our pop-ups shut down purposefully like
what you hit by a car cuz what you did
right there was a car accident yo feel
like that's not your fault
dude like zero this I've been planning
this day picking up the Yeti for at
least two weeks now I had no idea like I
did we showed up and my business manager
was like hey by the way there's a pop-up
shop across the street clearly had no
idea that type of chaos was going to
ensue I don't even know if our fans
overlap hardly right so okay - I
I just been finding out about now the
car accident and he's saying someone got
hit by a car
if that is true my sincerest apologies
guys obviously that was never my
intention I hate hearing about like
people getting hurt like negative stuff
like this going down when like to me
it's just like it's all positivity it's
all fun I show up and get this my dream
car back and like I said banks and I
scream I apologize earlier in the vlog
before I even got this text I said I'm
sorry and I'm sorry to hear about what
happened but we try to maintain control
in the situations I brought them out and
then managed to close the gate it's just
so hard because there's so many people
and not enough of me or Brendan's to
like push everyone back freaking Lydia's
getting trampled herself like
but the point is I hope now everyone is
safe and hope everything's okay what
that said let's get back to the fun
stuff not back to the fun stuff just yet
yeah dude what are you doing driving the
Malibu what are you doing no but I mean
what did you just do do you know I saw
your text some kid guy someone got hit
by a car something wants to update me
what's happening is it how bad is it
because when you say that it sounds like
the homies in the know I mean the cops
came the authorities not him I'm sorry
you guys got a shot at the shut down
Melrose do you know if that person is
okay I have no idea what were you doing
so I I had my g-wagen upgraded it's been
in the shop for the past month now and
today was the day I went to go pick it
up unfortunately you guys had your
pop-up shop right across the street and
to be honest bro it's just a super weird
coincidence that you happen to be right
across the street from the spot I've
been I wanted to pick up the Yeti from
before I arrived on my vlog I was like
yo this this is gonna get attacked the
guy I was completely unaware of this
hopefully doesn't go down and then now
unfortunately just went down and I
understand you live and you learn
whatever it's all good about really to
what concern about that I just the whole
like think that it's time to give you a
heads up of that no dude thank I hope
whoever got hit is is fine that sucks
all right for sure all right I'll let
you know if I get up get it on hi
Oh
chaotic weird fun crazy day here in the
beautiful Malibu right now oh not in
Italy anymore but bellissimo media
chatter morning okay so I'm gonna show
you and know it's loud but I'm gonna
show you some of the other stuff we've
done to the Yeti before we get into like
our cool montage because there's a
little surprise like I said I check the
stop use used to be or just blacked him
out yet all this stuff used to be silver
and chrome blacked him out yeah look
it's actually also these legs like I
said didn't work originally well now
they kind of work we gotta get those
other two light bulbs all right blacked
out all of the silver along the car here
car Getty Rock Monster I don't think
this is never gonna get all you open the
door and the step comes down oh yeah the
names in the back of the car I know I
said this earlier but these guys are
forever a part of my life and all of you
are to be honest these guys are the
lucky ones who won the contest still
have to pick two of you guys that I'm
gonna play out here to take a ride in
the Yeti again if you participated in
that contest thank you we will have
another one soon I want to show you guys
the basic and just just show you here
literally broke girl is gonna be sitting
in the back and the cars gonna be
vibrating and there's gonna be like
hello Wow you car vibrates Logan I like
it too far a little bit okay also I had
them put a louder exhaust on so check
this out right now the exhaust is off
listen
Wow but it can be better when we're not
filming inside the car and we wanna we
want to sound like men again the nice
thing about that is you can turn it on
and off whatever you want and then
there's a little extra surprise up top
which I think we will show you in the
montage starting
Oh
there is a metric on the roof
specifically for drone shots and just
like if someone's above us for whatever
reason they know the Mavericks in the
building okay I will say I wish it
wasn't this dark bro but we had business
meetings today bla bla bla
let's head back the Hollywood Rock in
Hollywood yo one day I got the Yeti back
yo my baby it's been so long hope you
love her as much as I do cuz like if she
was a woman in real life I would take
her and marry her also in celebration of
the Yeti as I said it was gonna fly two
of you guys out here to ride in it with
me as of sound like three times today
those people are Talal Abdul Aziz and
Damien shrimp Talal and Damien
congratulations guys know we're gonna
come I'm gonna have fun hopefully I'll
be in my house by then also have this
school bus so it's just gonna be fucking
crazy
so for the school bus I'm gonna be doing
another merged drop competition so that
is coming up we were picking up the cool
bus on Tuesday which is your Wednesday
vlog Oh oh my god
Bing you've job stuff merch site local
all that comes last shop link in
description 48 hours free shipping only
get your clothes we're not doing we've
never done free shipping I don't know
when we're gonna do this again
no copy maverick merch I see Brendan's
laughing at me what are you doing behind
ok that's a wrap on Frank
got you
