what's up G the fly of drone yeah in
this area is illegal no way we must
arrest you for this don't jump bro
no that's a terrible idea current time
is 6:57 a.m. we are on our way to Rome
Italy's actually renamed the country
illegally we've named it our little
league because as my brother's friend
Nick Crompton would say literally is my
city
thought about deficiency walleye room
you will
off one train pinned onto another word
aa lot of trains I look for my neck fish
dab and it's gotten worse it's bad yes
why do you rip my clothes I had to grab
something now 2017 what would you have
done huh no boss the merger yeah if you
didn't see that yesterday got rowdy I'll
fly back I will make you out with your
ex girlfriend again you know what Jake
it's okay I respect you I respect you I
respect your boobs oh my god oh my roll
much y'all know y'all crashed so hard on
that plane
it's a bitch train oh good one though
definitely traveling with vloggers
definitely traveling with vloggers
especially cuz I didn't say this guy's
but this is how Annie was actually
sleeping on the train better than at the
hotel right now I just like slid down
one of these railings a little too heavy
for the railings and it broke we're
talking about the railing oh let down
the Ray and it look and look at the
railing and now ruin at least we have a
Coliseum we I'm not convinced that
that's me bro like this railing clearly
structurally not sound it needs an extra
post here it can be a bit of a
troublemaker he means well how can we go
places and not get me I'll bet we just
don't belong in this country like you
know what I change that he doesn't
belong here
Felicia see what he saw we know know if
they all right tell them they're in the
low gang thumbs up he's gonna be driving
us around today I feel bad for him
already please don't kick us out of your
vehicle we need to drive everybody
forget the car I got the holy me play
holy Brad yeah like little Italian
testicles yummy brendan is at the hotel
he had to get his back from the airport
which by the way he's been missing the
whole week but what I what did you say
they want to win for the manager to come
down the manager yeah accurate
assumption and we still say at the hotel
are we good we can't say it's AHA mama
mean I have news we cannot say it the
hotel actually because of this guy but
okay so I broke two ribs on actually
like who do admit you slid down railings
like like everyone does it I didn't say
no it wasn't structurally sound hey what
I'm wait what no Italians hate la grotte
kena man but I want to explore Rome I
want to see the Colosseum no pro it was
Jay kiss but this is the last time I
travel with Jake bro like as if I'm not
bad and now working to vloggers no no
wait what's the problem why is Italy a
problem hey cameras in Italy bro you
need that he did we got places to go
just to get my actual real-life reaction
Coliseum was to my right I have not
looked at it okay I'm looking no you see
this in postcards you see the movies I'm
a what's the history the Coliseum it was
built in two years by slaves I'm born
and nothing two years is freaking huge
bo gosh
Frodo for those of you who don't know
inside of this Coliseum gladiators would
fight to the death
I'm not gonna lie my vlogs are pretty
silly but yo it doesn't get more lit
than that that's entertainment that's
entertainment they would apparently fill
this thing with water and pirate ships
were like just to kill each other Jesus
come on of subscribers that would have
had I can't even imagine
look bro we're at the Colosseum it's
beautiful I get it but I also noticed
you're not wearing any merch you buying
a Logan Paul calm /op good good I'm not
gonna lie I travel too so I can
experience stuff like this alright
there's so many people here and like
literally my whole life like is to be
different that's what being a maverick
is I I feel like we need to spice it up
a little bit I understand drone shots
here are illegal so let's definitely do
that
what sandy the Atlantic anybody got eyes
on it I do not see the drunk yo we gotta
go freaking manhunt this drill good oh
there it is
oh snap it's right there I'm wondering
if that was not ours
fellas jakester cage drone meaning we
lost ours that's no good
what we got oh great we drove it say so
Brendan just went down there to try to
find the drone hey Kay it rest in peace
Brandon Brendan's definitely dead up day
what we got so we just got touched
Brendan saying I found it
ellipses military has it oh okay so he's
over there I'm assuming the drone is to
the right by the military guys wait what
like I just I literally like barely
pointed at them they're freaking out
Rosa they don't know what cameras are
here yeah I'm gonna go in don't have to
like iPhone footage this stuff
Oh gang wish me luck this is a disaster
oh my god voice mo you guys speak
English um we have a drone you yes
that's the drone I mean
he knew you he knows me yeah do you
think do you think of our family
youtuber yeah due to realm of what my
brothers Jacob oh you know is there
everyday bro I'll come with you if you
want I will get in your car with you
I'll go wherever you need
am I getting arrested yeah what am I
going hi what's up G the fly of a drone
yeah in this area is illegal no way we
must arrest you for this okay okay so
Logan you guys just saw them open the
door and basically I swung the camera
down because they were they all walked
over to me immediately after but they
took Logan Logan got into the car we
don't know where he is Jake is talking
to the police right now they don't look
like they're very happy with him we
don't know where they took him we don't
know how to find him they have our drone
but this is real life right now
Logan literally got into a police car
and left with the police
alright guys so a little update right
here looking just texted us he is at the
police headquarters he told us not to
come get him until he says so I think
they want all of our footage okay guys
Logan just texted us he said he wants
somebody to come get him so Andy I think
you're the guy good luck Andy get him
back they took my brother I want to go
have fun
I get it I don't want any problems I'll
pay whatever you guys need
I don't want to cause problems but I
don't know where the controller is so
however I can help you sit in disaster
Italy
Tiamo but stay tuned disaster
yo savagery my boy love you five also
probably shouldn't be screaming like
this right as soon as I got out we got
our boy back yo but you didn't get the
job back think I can get some job for
this baby
oh I already told her I already told
them that you can have all the drone
footage okay kill the dog
I hope you enjoyed that I hope it was
worth it yo Italy hates vloggers alright
okay so it must just be like anyone
above the age of like 35 man nah 2017
bro like bloggers are a thing oh did you
get wait did you get the army guy taking
a picture with me no okay okay well
that's what happened the guy the
military guy that took the drugs in the
low gang so he's like no coming to the
back of the car take a picture I'm like
give me my drone take skin picture with
this guy the cops show up he's like he
did it I was yo straight up that's stab
me so I get to the station and they're
like who's drone is this I like I didn't
fly it I blamed it on Kade okay don't
talk his way out exactly I didn't want
to draw my boy Brendan it was my fault I
sell the job John's gone yeah
God if Katie wants it if Kate wants it
back you can go get it I don't recommend
it you get that if you google my name
they'll get more results charges laid
attempted robbery of downtown
convenience car bro all the competition
man a cutie pie but as a free man the
first thing I want to do is get some
coffee which is rare because I don't
actually drink coffee but I'm no more
Andy let's get got I'll take one coffee
don't feel special apparently the coffee
is like super secret they make it behind
the secret wall so you can't see what
the formula
it's a sick bronzer my curiosity has
been piqued I think we see what's really
going on back there just ignore the vlog
what do you guys see what's crazy was it
illegal for the killing people were they
were they drowning or their Snuggs me no
okay enough funny business my
expectations are high
Oh oh my god so good I'm quitting
YouTube because of coffee yeah because
of this coffee yeah what am I supposed
to do
I don't know figure out I'm gonna make
coffee for though obviously I'm kidding
but Italians may hate vloggers and may
hate the Internet what goddamn they can
do coffee look man it's a me Mario
I've seen some phones in my life but
this is a fuck guys fighting horses
water flowing in the more water
I'm not gonna tell you my ways I can't
write okay okay I wish for health and
wellness and lots of smashing in my
future and to find a nice Midwestern
wife who's not a hub that's a big wish
big wish
yeah big dream
okay okay the best lawyer I've ever had
bro I know thank you for thank you for
saving my life bro cause I'll call Andy
yet for real the Italians were touching
my bought whole and stuff and Andy's
leaving us in Rome we're certified a
fact
ow I thought they were talking about dog
food ha ha ha you guys will be fine just
like a following guys subscribe we'll be
okay we are all exhausted Italy you've
done it again you son of a bitch ah good
news though as you can tell we got a
hotel room so we're not that bad after
all but as you probably guessed yeah
okay today is actually this is our last
night in Italy sad I don't want to leave
because Tiamo again even though you
arrested me not so cool oh speaking of
that the last piece of drone just the
bag drone you've served me well but
we'll see you next year probably not
okay if you're not part of the loading
make sure to subscribe hit the button
for me we are the strongest family on
YouTube eruptive merch I wear this shirt
every day low gang for who like looking
fall back on slash shop or link in
description how to Smurfs in the game
baby I love y'all I will see you
tomorrow about the festive night that
means party in the Italian yeah I got
the language I'm sorry I
oh that's pretty thug
