I will bake you out with your
ex-girlfriend again yet another day and
beautiful and tally I don't think this
view will ever get all the mommy okay so
today what we got let me take you in
here so I don't think I showed you guys
this room yet Oh My Jesus mother I've
gone unpaid Wow okay do we need to work
on that I'm like the same color is the
best or the meal no bueno
good morning uh that's what I've been
saying
so this room has this very distinct
smell I've deemed it my favorite smell
in the world it's like what is it like
the smell of My Ancestors Oh
deal me honey would you assume and he
said we make it a wine to do that you
need grapes great okay so they look like
blueberries they're not the grave you've
got a mushroom up
I'm not sure why you're doing it now
okay and he's a little weird today
anyways we're gonna squish these grapes
with our feet okay well yeah you guys
have seen it where they step on grapes
there's that one clip of the girl
falling it's funny look
comedy hail God and he followed me along
a tradition you put the grape before
stomping in the pants okay
and he's not even Italian you're an
American but I like that tradition
usually you don't have assistant do this
but this okay just just put like this
grapes in up here this is nice hey I
think Brian waking the grapes wake them
this is just great really now's a good
time to say if you're not a part of the
logo
make sure to subscribe we get we get
super lit here as you can hit the button
join the strongest family I mean -
anyways I'm a sit down you can get your
boat cut slash special maverick edition
for exercise
what were you doing man making why this
is how you do it
extra good luck when you have ladybug
inside extra locker when you have the
ladybug inside the paper ladybugs love
my ass yeah
hurt my toe dude okay it's kind of cool
to skin flaps it talks hello let's make
some vino yo Andy how's blood with wine
what's it
oh my godness does it feel yo it because
awesome I can't believe I've never done
this before
where'd that sound I notice that sound
you love it oh look its wine where's
that blood fresh wine yeah yeah first I
was like damn this is definitely gonna
be gross but this is actual like a
hundred percent fresh grape juice and
just spike the blood is pretty good yeah
I can't believe you're drinking that I
told you it's dope we've been drinking
and eating just the most authentic stuff
here freakin love it Tiamo Italia oh
snap I have an idea I'm gonna get naked
again yeah gonna change the boxers happy
staying in the Mavericks no way Oh
perfect I got the Lamborghini as you
guys know our Lamborghini hopes and
dreams were crushed the other day but
the good news is Lamborghinis are
actually perfect for crushing grapes
yeah the muscle pepto-bismol pacino I
didn't stop in Rocky Balboa
am I like perpetually 10 years old I
don't have an answer for that
anyway let's check out this vino so as
you can see we've texturized the grapes
they're all squished and mushy makes
that squishy sound like you have like
last night in the vineyard kind of thing
because it's an inside I think we did
good we'll be back in like three to five
years to test out the why whoa all right
now it's dope okay great okay two things
that I love one are giant we still got
this bumpy as you can see we've been
carving away bro this pusher Bob
literally one of the best pieces of
meats I've ever had and number two
number two pizza this whole thing was
full of pizza we actually save this
piece just to make this joke Brendan and
I were sitting here and we're like bro
we're in Italy we should go to the
leaning tower of pizza that's the
leaning tower of pizza no it's not the
leaning tower of pizza
it's the Leaning Tower of Pisa I knew
that I was just making a dumb like
Disney type joke but I was on Disney
guys you always see people standing next
to the tower like pretending like
they're holding it because you know it's
like the leaning tower it's like leaning
it's pretty basic here's a slide show
that yeah that should be fun
Andi is still on one up there yeah like
I said it's a weird day two pigs in the
front
the Leaning Tower of Pisa let's go let's
go I have a tower that is tipping and I
need to put it up right I'm backing
little brother Jake hey he's insisting
on buying a car still salty about the
Lambo and because he wants to buy a car
which by the way you can do in America I
just want to see the tower because we
don't have a leaning tower in America oh
no not for it's a flat ball I'm doing
hurry up bro we're stalling my visit car
but you can't withdraw more than 500
hours twice we're gonna be in Rome
tomorrow Jay guess where that is not
Pisa I can get a piece of pizza only
it's not pizza honey do not zone that
car just sitting here you shut the fuck
has turned into just a disaster I leave
this is autumn enough Hey ready screw
you and screw your car huh guys I feel
like I just I have to face the sad truth
have fun on your Leaning Tower of Pisa
might not happen I just wanted to take a
basic ass I just wanted to see
structurally impossible piece of
architecture ah yeah yeah no I think I
see the towers really yeah it's right
there in real life right at it no it's
it's right there it's definitely in the
Edit
because you can get the Lambo that's why
you have to like waste my time now I
don't know why you're so salty because
bro powers don't just leave J good you
brain that's a robot Logan Paul as you
guys know when we went to the
Lamborghini Factory I was literally
gonna flip a coin and decide right there
on the spot if I was gonna buy a
$400,000 car now obviously didn't happen
but I think I have an idea for what to
do here if this lands on heads we're
gonna punch chick in the face if it
lands on tails we're gonna punch chick
in the face stop you can't just buy a
car in LA there's one tower in the world
in Pisa oh yeah Oh myself over myself
get over here you rude everyone stays
looking at me it's such a good time boys
okay you having a great time yeah you
know what's you know do you accept
payment in YouTube channels did you get
my brother so this kid never fails to
just ruin my life yeah I hope you feel
good about yourself ruin my life vlog
zoom pound I might you that my brother's
bad because making fun of our nation√≠s
tchen stop it stop it
so tell me don't tell me this I will
fake you out with your ex-girlfriend
again but you can get our logo Paul that
comes last shop which I'm gonna need to
get a new one soon he's just like custom
merch or something Silas does it kind of
look good it kind of looks good is it
like is it like that maverick crop top
that we just like yeah the schoolies
furrows the scoop no car no Pisa no
shirt no problem
disco disco disco disco
nice holding it you little baby where's
the whole Janus looks the attack to me
no there's actually four holes one for
the next Sunday Sonny get into it
I don't care unto me and you bro we
could have been even pizza pizza in Pisa
what is this blog devolve to oh no no no
hey kind of funny this light right here
reminds me of Jakes YouTube career dim
flickering will one day go out burned
died in a fiery pit of death yeah the
similarities are just uncanny are you
kidding me right now look around where
the heck are these guys sold a soul Jake
this car that I brought it to this
random ass like that laughs four people
died here this is how people die you
guys are Loco
he doesn't have ensure they won't let
him actually drive the car away but they
let him do it in the death line and I
still know how my day Jake
haha it takes two to tango
brother there is it's definitely a lamb
no yeah
and okay low Gregg that is the block ah
the Leaning Tower of Pisa I'm gonna have
to see it another day screw you Jake
whatever bro it's the life I chose is
that vlog life by the way I'm never
going on another vacation with vloggers
brother this is talking overlapping
content and dabbing Africa but we are
headed to Rome Italy tomorrow so that's
gonna be lit if you're not subscribed do
me a favor hit that button make sure to
get your maverick merch you can wear it
however you want
scoop neck action galilean action we got
it all look up all that con / shopper
link in description lo que I love y'all
now see you tomorrow
