bitch and get a Ferrari listen this and
get a Porsche a Bugatti
mr. Bugatti I want to go gotta show them
right now what do I do
current location guys is Venice Italy
current time is 6:40 a.m. a is a big day
it's my big day it's actually not it's
my brother Jake's big day if you don't
know what I mean allow me to bless y'all
with some information most of you were
in the low gang so you've heard this
before but if you're not a part of the
low guy make sure to subscribe too oh we
just hit 12 million I had no idea you
guys are growing too fast looking who's
kidding bro Mavericks never stop so yeah
subscribe if you're not subscribed but
okay story time
good morning Paul Brothers in Italy I
don't know how we didn't get kicked out
yet okay we're still here dog oh okay
here's the background I'm gonna make
this short Jake asshole Lamborghini
prank on my birthday
I'm not kidding literally went from the
best day of my life to the absolute
worst asshole and then being the frickin
local young man I am I said this is only
one way I can come back to this if I see
pull into lots today and buy an actual
Mempa boom I was like yo dude I'm buying
a Lambo today found out you couldn't do
that because they're very expensive cars
it's kind of a big deal Jake was like yo
if you're doing it I'm doing it too and
then it was his idea to customize 2018
Lamborghini Huracan perform on taste I
went to the Lamborghini dealership I had
you guys actually choose the color and
help me customize it Logan y'all got my
back and they told us what about coming
to Italy they were like yo you're gonna
come to Italy you're gonna wait like six
months it's gonna be amazing
they're gonna do a tour of the factory
base whole nine yards pick up your own
Lamborghini that you customize I was
like some dope and then I know the
timeframe and I got using my brain which
I'm not good at and I was like pulled up
pause I'm about to drop three hundred
fifty thousand dollars on a car I just
bought the Yeti
and like I'm not a huge car guy right I
like cars I don't love cars like he does
my love is a genuine concern like it's a
very dangerous car and me behind the
wheel so like dog I don't know I decided
not to get it and then I had to tell
brother Jake and then I cried like a
bitch I am NOT getting a Lamborghini
with you and then we get here the other
day because originally I just flew here
to surprise him and support him while he
gets his Lambo so now that y'all have
been blessed with some information I
think you should know I'm running late
again London get in the boat I'm getting
here to get in the boat come on guys my
brother needs a Lamborghini
to my phone or train left one minute ago
nice she's so percent I got to be honest
I wasn't even sure if I'm still able to
get the Lambo because I can't so like I
put my $25,000 deposit down told them
like I wasn't getting so they don't know
I'm even here no boys gone
I gotta be honest I've never like
actually missed a flight or a train I've
always like made them by the hair of my
skin it's just kind of sad anyway
holding my business manager Andrew I
asked him last night in the middle of
the streets of Italy if it was even
possible for me to get the car this was
last night last night this is
hypothetical if I go to the factory
tomorrow and I see this and I and I want
to buy it
because I put down the twenty five
thousand do they still have it could I
still do that is it that is that even an
option like my exact Lambert the one
that I customized is at the factory like
I'm gonna see you tomorrow well this
could go down future low
take it away though I feel like while we
wait for our next train and hopefully
don't miss that one it's a good time to
say he's gonna be one of the most real
vlogs probably ever like Rob Brennan
admit there's some real life this is
real life only once in my lifetime am I
going to be presented with this
opportunity to buy a supercar with my
brother all gonna be a split decision
like if I get there and I see it now
knowing that my business manager oh stop
I'm blogging shut up John anyways Andrew
said my car is still there built and
ready to go so if I see this thing and
I'm like I mean like who knows bro I
don't even know the actions I'm gonna
take until I take that look at this bro
look at the bird bro I'm the Maverick
and I I don't want to miss the train
I just keep happening oh it's a miracle
to me papa vlogging with the food
well I was not gonna get this car
I like kid is so persuasive what I saw
please bless the low gang with some
facts as you bless me about this this
big the Lamborghini Otacon photo from
Monday fastest Lamborghini ever made
fastest car to lap the Nurburgring fact
Nurburgring is like the most respected
track in the world fact this is also one
of the first like mass-produced
Lamborghinis with like the exhaust
coming straight out the back like this
you don't know them oh god no honey now
hey but stuff I can't say the same zero
to 60 in less than 2.5 seconds you know
I've asked you for five is go oh no I
don't think is that fast oh look the
point is the litmus level is freakin
maximum and I love doing stuff with my
little bro even if it is buying a
supercar well you know our lives are you
know I'm not I mean as of now literally
bro I have no idea with that said let's
head to the Lamborghini Factory in my
den and he's at what our grabber grabber
teacher
Madana
go to Medina Lamborghini factory whoa
Eddie's cars sexy but not sexy little
ambos fast the Lamborghini Museum see
more Dana my shame I think that means
yes no what are you doing mother may I
know who didn't keep that alright no
this is angry man angry hey you need to
watch his vlogs they're good you'd be
happy Thanks okay hold on come back slow
shop back is that merciful be a maverick
yeah all right car number two get here
we're going to this place Lamborghini
moves yeah
completely like the middle of nowhere in
Italy is going down that's multicultural
my colleagues because you should leave
all your cameras here so slight issue
right now and I think this is part of
the reason I was like on the fence about
getting a Lambo
hearing those words like no filming bro
just might as well just stab me in the
chest
so I can't film it so you're having a
little powwow over there I'm hoping they
let us film bro cuz that would destroy
the point literally like the reason
we're getting Lamborghinis is because of
you guys the viewers the low gang to
jake parlor and if we can't film what
like what does the Megane make in the
sense and the brand of the mocha foam so
Jake is talking to like the boss people
this is hilarious I'm having so much fun
out cuz like I'm just I'm here for the
ride today but apparently not in the
actual Lamborghini weird what just went
down bro I don't even know it like I
can't summarize it like that it's it's
laughable it's disrespectful
I'll dish it's basically the end of the
conversation was
I have a card if you want me to give you
my card he was like he got up got up
walked out I mean I don't even know what
to do
I thought you Oh cuz like I'm not really
involved but kinda Oh PC oh my god it is
possible look he's doing it
you got some sketchy rules bro we're a
family can we not I don't know what we
can't film inside possible to see no can
we show inside inside no field no film
okay for sure obviously I'm gonna film
everything we're vloggers why would we
not film everything
Jake is deciding if we want to do the
factory visit that's the security guards
hand that's gonna stop do not film on
we're gonna put the cameras down and
we'll do the factory that's a Chad comes
the head ah that describes how I'm
feeling right now I'm feeling such Tim
I'm feeling such a weird rush of
emotions I just got hit by a car it just
give us a tour of the factory and I saw
the car that I was gonna get what scare
literally it was right next to Jake's
Lambo he's over there doing his vlog of
disappointment yo Jake the scream I'm
disappointed damn it was just like the
worst torture like for me i okay yes the
car was cool but like I said I'm
indifferent I'm on the fence
I will say they gave me a nice gift bag
kind of like a Lamborghini I'm sorry I'm
being a chach here is who I feel the
worst for not not not the driver not the
vehicle just
Jake Paul he wants nothing more in the
world than to get this vehicle he's been
waiting six months and like I said I had
not planned on getting a car I'd planned
a different vlog so maybe I can make his
day I did bring a little joke by the way
this is what the vlog was gonna be I was
gonna say like I like I bought a
Lamborghini or just me this well Jake
gets his actual Lamborghini but looks
like I'm just giving this to Jake hi
feeling yeah I got something I'll make
you feel a little better this is the
dumbass notebook that they gave us I
mean the gift it's not the dumbass
notebook it is a brand new Lamborghini
oh he's he's straight-up silenced I I'm
gonna let you imma let you do your thing
I told you today was gonna be a very
real blog and that it was daddy was his
pride his ego is so big and he feels
like he's been in - - - but he feels
like he's been insulted I actually need
you do I go this they get a Ferrari
listen this and get a Porsche a Bugatti
mister Bugatti I wanted to got his shirt
on right now what do i do Logan hey I
got Chanyeol
I'm a
yo we drove five minutes down the road
this is one of the Huracan like straight
up the exactly the same car that we
ordered we're in the middle of nowhere
the kid the kid this kids dying right
now yeah this is horrible I feel so bad
for always dying devastated like super
sick though can I just say something
it's the same color car that I ordered
the most expensive color like a little
bit
all right so okay we've had like two
hours or so to just cool down relax we
are at the supercool Villa right now
look around bro Italy you've done it
again I'm gonna show you guys more of
this tomorrow with the house tour go
down there and the vineyard drone shop
sexy stuff but for now I just okay here
are my closing thoughts on the situation
for me the whole possibility of getting
the Lamborghini like if I was gonna do
it it was all about the experience
unfortunately today as you guys know our
experience was not so bueno so long
story short I am just I was very turned
off by it like you guys don't understand
when we went in the factory we did the
tour like I'm not even getting out of
all the cars they're making my fucking
Lamborghini my customized Lamborghini
matte orange beautiful is sitting right
next to Jake's finished car like how are
the two Paul Brothers vehicles just
sitting next like how like dude they
knew we were coming prop and they put
like stickers over our iPhones and like
I'm gonna be honest with you Logan
I had a plan I always have a plan I was
not not a joke not lying I was going to
flip a coin I have it here here we go
a euro a European coin I was gonna
literally flip a coin if it landed on
tails I was going to spend 400,000
dollars to buy this Lamborghini in the
moment one shot 50-50 chance that was
the plan because y'all I'm a maverick
like I rep the lobe every day it's what
I do and that's where I get like my like
that's where I get my excitement from
that's like why I live like what can I
do right now in the moment how can I be
present so I can I can milk life and
live life to its fullest potential what
I didn't even get an opportunity to flip
the coin so like for that reason I'm out
it's a real with that said slow Gary
that is the vlog if you are not a part
of the low guy make sure to subscribe
hit the button we got a couple more fun
days here in Italia to join the
strongest family on YouTube I I feel bad
for my brother Jake hang in there Jay
hey Jake hang in there by the copier
maverick merch it's the hottest softest
merch in the game the low gang reps
changing the world every single day it's
a movement Logan Paul Keim / shopper
link in description I love y'all never
see you tomorrow take it easy
watch out for the bus they hit people
here they hit me a little bit ago
