I say good morning it's not the morning
it's like 2:00 in the afternoon right
now me and my boy Brendan are headed to
his surprise wait are you recording I'm
recording okay okay
today's a big look we are going to
surprise Italy guys we are gonna be
there for one week some of you might be
thinking yo Logan wait isn't your
brother going to Italy
yup hope you know that is a fact so
there is a big backstory to this he he
doesn't know I'm coming the whole point
of this vlog is I'm gonna surprise him
when we're there I'll explain shortly
but yo maverick my boy I'm gonna miss
you too much
can I get what you think I can get a
kiss Evan actually already bounced
otherwise I would say goodbye to him
actually no I did say goodbye to him
guys I'm leaving for a week I'm headed
to you Scott mom vlog please that's such
good clickbait M is my room is new dog
you know what though do not introduce
him to Kong or her huh yes why would I
save that bro
cuz Kong is gonna make your dog his girl
and that's a fact Jake Kong her boy fine
doesn't matter the point is
I'll see you when I come back I will be
Italian full grown mustache in twice as
savage if you come back with a mustache
mad respect for you I have no respect
for you now till you go a mustache
that's Mia Mario does that happen
two hours ago if you notice I just
changed shirts to make it look like it's
a new day it's freaky its blog live you
know Logan which by the way you cannot
subscribe to what then hit the button
and subscribe to the strongest family on
YouTube yeah the merch closet is on
fleek so much anyways Lydia kick can we
get a hug goodbye okay well no we're
gonna Brendon I think yes it's a fact
we're at the airport I literally I don't
think we're gonna miss the play I just
would have liked them in here earlier
classic Logan we gotta go yeah we have a
connecting flight our first flight goes
to Dusseldorf Dusseldorf Germany
have you been told oh so Dolph I have
not introduced or documents make nice
thing nice frozen yogurt and Ottawa in
schnoz Abaza
the point is I've never been to dorsal
dock and then we catch a flight to
abalone abalone Bologna Bologna Italy I
don't know bro I've never been to Italy
and I'm a white guy from Ohio who knows
nothing below gang you guys know this I
love experiencing things I love
travelling really just really just you
know Lighting's bed really just
immersing myself in their culture I can
only imagine how much pasta I'm gonna
eat oh my hi how long is the flight to
do it off nice just talking about
sleeping pills because it's like five
here gonna fly overnight into uh I gotta
keep saying it go start off and then we
kind of scheduled it so we would get at
the airport the same time Jake is
getting there quick shout-out to his
videographer Kade for helping out with
that he is actually meeting us here and
travelling with us to Italy one question
though Kade yeah hey sorry wrong buttons
gonna hit on both get it venden get it
ready oh he's a cutie
oh for sure hi oh for sure did you see
Brendan over there though the freaking
camera and point the ladies man there he
is
it's the guy good to see you kid guy the
blue you don't have to let him through
it's okay
good to see you came all microphone on
this one yo the guy she tells you not to
worry about have you ever been told oh
so dollars 2009 for my mom this doesn't
make me racist right okay good are they
high so yeah we're moving we're moving
your kid okay bye like I said a thousand
times I've never been to Italy Kate have
you been I've never been yo but you have
a connect right I have a connect so oh
we got my girlfriend's brother Andy
speaks Italian Walt in Italy I just
traveled the entire country what if I'm
dad so what I'm saying is I was like yo
we're gonna be in Venice and he was a
guy I'll pick you up on boats I was like
actually that's what that's kind of
dealt wait he's your girlfriend Italian
does she know any cute like italian
girls it might like a 6-foot - blonde
vlogger Wow lots of people going to do
it about yeah that's a big line Danny
here makes me realize hey please come
again - puppet Brennan gee I'm nervous
though why are you nervous
Jake and I are like a lethal combo and
you add YouTube fools bro that's a wrap
dynamic that's all right you could go so
I'm on a crowded bus right now
hi everybody
got everybody looks so charming
claustrophobic are you oh that's a lie
I'm not actually claustrophobic I was
just trying to engage in conversation
and see if the Germans would accept me
into their culture that's a negative I
just want to be a part of you know who
let the vlogger on the flame bro yeah
honey yeah we in the spaceship section
I'm a fortunate young boy man hello gang
love you guys man I also still have not
given you guys the background of this
whole trip you can probably assume what
is it but I'm a bless y'all later later
oh well we got some pain yet Peter
oranges from 21 to the chef's favorite -
okay don't don't don't chug champagne I
think the flight attendants are leaving
out bro so la time right now it's like
4:00 in the morning but here and don't
sod off it's like 2:00 p.m. we might
have a little jell like no big deal the
dirtiest looks like Ross Chavez park a
park us back to Baja bun-chucks for
electricity shibaemon Bogdanov I know
Sodor okay enough of that hungry boys
growing boys how to stop for a classic
German meal my first potatoes and pot so
I'm sorry I'm suppressor theater
long shot is international one it's
funny because Germany is not even the
focus of this trip it's Italy which is
pervade everything revolve around know
so doc but okay we're gonna eat this and
then let's get into why I'm actually
going to surprise my brother
okay post it up in the middle of the
airport let's help it Oh magazine not
gonna lie that's very unlike me though
look how much this plant slide I moved
it for ambience but look I know right
here get back here for ambience okay
anyways back to the topic at hand why
I'm going to Italy to surprise my breath
okay let's rewind a little bit let's go
back to the Lamborghini prank which
happened on my birthday April 1st JQ
mother so then as you guys know I was
like the only way I can get him back the
only way I can win is if I actually go
out and buy a Lamborghini well we went
to the store I had you guys actually
help me customize it like Logan comment
below what color you want me to get
since Jake and I decided both to get
2018 Lamborghini Huracan Papa mountain
they were not available in the US just
yet and they said we would have to fly
to Italy to go and retrieve them I was
like damn that's an experience that's
cool good to go with my brother pick up
some Lambo and then it hit me after I
had time to like think about it cuz yo
you guys know this I'm a maverick once I
have time so like actually used my brain
that's that's that's where things go
south for me yeah so I was like you know
like Jake loves cars he loves spending
his money on cars on vehicle we were
even texting once about like how happy
we are for each other and how this life
were living is absolutely insane and
he's like bro I just want to drive fast
cars I was like that's I see that me I'm
not the same bro like I don't I like
cars I don't love car the Lamborghinis a
lot of money like that's no joke and I'm
spending that much money on something I
should I should freaking love so then I
made the decision to not get a Lambo
like for me I was getting a Lambo just
to get a Lambo not to like actually like
drive it and enjoy which is not a good
reason
like super sunny or something Brendon
follow me over here hi okay and then I
got the g-wagen the Yeti
that is a vehicle I will drive every day
and be that that is me so I got my cool
vehicle it's getting absolutely decked
out right now actually when we get back
we are gonna go get the Yeti and and the
cool bus finally yeah big moves bro so
we have that to look forward to after
Italy but anyways decided not to do the
Lambo and I had to tell my brother Jake
obviously I am NOT getting a Lamborghini
with you
so he thinks he's gonna go to Italy
alone and pick up his Lamborghini little
does he know older brothers gonna come
in for the surprise and that moral
support moral support that doesn't look
like moral moral support Brendon and
maybe uh
who knows after all I'm a prankster
maybe I am getting the Lambo okay I'm
gonna stop causing a scene in the
airport sorry everybody I'm the last
wing of the trip it is a verifiable fact
that the plane has propellant I haven't
seen this since the Vietnam War and
those were just on the submarines anyway
this plane reminds me of like a private
jet like look how small this is
hi he's got a pail you know this is
certifiably crazy look at this I don't
know if I've ever been in a plane with
the propeller propellers on the plane
my first ball gangster the Brendan we
know and love stands waiting for his bag
gonna be okay Brendan I'm sure they have
your bag I'm absolutely not sure about
that you can't find your bag ass
goodness oh you and he can't wear my
clothes because they're my clothes
you're not Brendan's bag you're not
Brendan's bag fricking where's Brendan's
bag hello hello you better know that's
not Brendan's bag how did I get under
this how does how does that save
Jake no sign of Jake just yet actually I
don't know why I'm doing this Kade knows
exactly okay listen first thoughts of
Italy Bologna the weather's nice the
architecture is cool things are made of
stone there's bricks on the ground it's
a good feel like the longer I'm here
just obviously the more Italian I'm
gonna get the puppet about it the pasta
pizza my mommy that make me racist no
I'm good I don't know the actual
distance that we've traveled to do this
national borders maybe Jake bro you
better be surprised
you you the whole team was the whole
thing was the crowd doing you into the
Lambo what are you doing here I'm
surprised no okay yeah we know it was
you the whole time use on the inside
jumping inside job look at us on login
no I like with Jake got Italian for
dummies hey Owen assistant person no no
no no listen the only thing you have to
know I love whether we can like do some
magical shoes like this if you're not a
part of the low gang make sure to
subscribe
are you getting a Lambo no you fine down
tomorrow's floor the next day I'm gonna
cop your maverick merch be a maverick we
are changing the world every single day
you know the lambreaux maybe ask maybe
the estrogen cam mag Lambros I hope to
see some Mavericks in Italy reppin it
bro
Logan Park on / our link in description
I love y'all Nova see you tomorrow
in the book
