that was a lot to take it calm down bro
what's your deal okay fuck come on in
Jesus as usual my pets are freaking
around bugs just this morning Matt
what's good fam no ma'am yeah I'm not
gonna lie though gang I'm a bit tired
this morning feelin a bit slow but
there's one thing that can and will save
me yeah also Brendan do you got the
goods like you got that do you have an
ETA or something give me anything it's a
three minutes oh yeah it's my big day I
don't know why bro my face feels like
swollen or puffy this morning my dog
won't shut up what is your deal hello
what is your deal Kong oh he's got a
case of the crazies lately brothers
could mean drugs no it's an actual
problem guys like when you go down here
it's just like an enclosed space and the
only thing you hear is the freaking
coffee bar game knowing these guys bro
they're gonna like hire someone to kill
Kong they won't even ask you that's just
that's actually horrible but it fits the
theme of today's vlog I think killing
babies no Brendan no was it Beeman oh
the theme of the law I'm actually
excited Rocha he's a bit of a different
one I want to try stuff I like to
experiment see what you guys like test
things out and so uh I'll explain this
later but uh let's just say it involves
a car too anyways yo please someone ring
the doorbell in the next ten seconds
thank you bro it's my big day yeah yeah
bro magical food ah from right under yo
yo looking you know this breakfast
burritos I love them hi baby I love you
oh you know it's crazy is eating this
breakfast burrito can you just please is
eating this breakfast burrito reminds me
of my roommate Evan how is he sleeping
right now oh hey I got you this monkey
oh okay just me Evan and the monkey you
know one big cuddle fest yeah yeah one
big colorful we made a good decision
monkey okay so as you all know we had a
little maverick merch drop yesterday
this was one of the items the blue crew
net man we drop the red as well the
v-neck and all these hats new maverick
hats on deck Hawaii long-sleeve maverick
CEO Turner on bro
no gang on the block too sexy bro but yo
one thing I forgot to mention because
they didn't have the product yesterday
cuz we're turning this also his uh
ladies this is like kind of for you we
got it like I don't I'm not a girl I
don't know what is this a scoop neck yes
scoop neck here actually you know you're
a boy here Lydia the weather is getting
a little colder let's get the girls
again and I like a nice sweatshirt thing
I don't know how these work cuz again
like penis and all but like it like
falls off the shoulder right and like
it's like oh yo shoulders are sexy
speaking of that I remember growing up
girls were not allowed to show their
shoulders in school do you remember that
Yeah right
with the schooling system anyways team
maverick we do like shoulders so yeah
scoop necks looking ball that comes lash
out playing in description y'all know it
okay maverick hey boys I'm Eric how are
you what that's a good question I guess
we could just yeah use Brendan's camera
huh
oh the house yeah oh yeah how we're like
homeless right now we're working on it
we're working on it yeah yeah let me
show you what exactly we did come up
with an interim solution solution on I
purposely save this box because I knew
this day was coming as you can see we
kind of made it sort of like the home
there's not much in it yet we have like
you got the pillow got a blanket like
right here the toaster yeah
Evans been trying to toast up any heaven
it's kind of sad but it's the best we
got right now
yeah Marvin yeah we there's no
electricity it's never gonna work
everywhere there's nothing no
electricity in the box but like I don't
see that working yeah
I don't know guys the point is we're
working on it we have to find a house
but for now I guess we're really
thankful for what we have no it's true
now like for now I guess we'll take this
box
I was just cardboard could conduct
electricity because yeah the toaster
would be nice just think you know work
this is not a lot of space bro freaking
cooped up the go-to statement birthday
cantata it's like noon bro I got stuff
to do bro oh oh
I mean I got stuff to do I have to
address the problems that actually hi oh
hello Wow but this is actually perfect
because okay so just follow me into the
kitchen so the problem has to do with
these two things right here
comm and plates hi buddy as you guys
know when it comes to plates
I like plates car-lengths plates look
we've all look everyone in the house
loves plates look see what's Kong has
made a distance I will take a plate and
I'll throw it now great look look look
he's still over there now I'll grab
another plate I'll look I'll make eye
contact look he's still over there okay
and I'll throw the place he's still over
there granted he may have got a little
closer but the point is my boy is safe
okay so I guess the best way to describe
this um we got an email on the store
website local Paul cops last shot and it
was a combination of like yelling at me
but also like really funny and creative
and witty and I resonated with it I was
like whoa this is like kind of funny but
at the same time they're yelling at me
because I I throw plates around calm I
completely understand it I get how it
would appear as if I'm putting my dog in
danger trust me guys I'm not we make it
a point that Kong is a safe distance
away whenever I pick up a plate the
house rule is Lydia goes and grabs Kong
just because obviously I'm not like I
don't want to hurt my dog with my stupid
antics however this person is not
they're not aware of that so I decided
to make a cartoon out of the email they
send okay so I've been waiting for this
vlog my dad was actually the one who
noticed this email come back I need you
for my blog we were in the car one day
Brendan was there every was there we
were all there and he started reading
this funny email and it was just like
the most diabolical evil yet funny email
I've ever heard so I was like dad before
would be the email and I wanted like
where's got to be something I can do it
after about a solid 30 seconds of
thinking I was like Greg yo we need to
make that into a cartoon when I was a
kid I loved cartoons like Looney Tunes
and other tunes yeah so I had my friend
Ben Phillips he's a creator in the UK
help me out with this
my god did we create the most amazing
cartoon ever like I said it involves
this old guy right here King Kong the
savage bomb so yeah without further ado
enjoy I've spent the past hour writing
this email in a premeditated attempt to
hopefully save call losing and I are
even potentially far worse these words
need to reach Logan urgently regarding
this juvenile plate breaking whilst
there are animals living in the
apartment it's only a matter of time
until Kong is standing in the wrong
place at the wrong time and that is I
pierced by surrounded oh I've lost count
of the amount of vlogs in which I've
seen Kong standing dangerously close to
the area of impact whatever you guys
decide to turn the play into a
projectile by hurling it aimlessly it's
a grounder wall ah ha wait pause yo at
this point I'm reading this email I'm
like with them another like two and a
half minutes I'm just incredible in this
so it continues Kong is going to get
hurt this needs to stop now how are you
going to feel when young dog Oh starts
yelping and excruciating amounts of pain
rambling around on your kitchen floor
his little paws slipping in the blood
seeping from his head trying to correct
his clumsy attempts at staying upright
all while trying to make sense of what
the hell just happened I'll tell you
right now how you're going to feel in
those mere seconds after you discover
what you've done to poor puppy you'll
question how you could have been so
stupid by putting innocent family
members in harm's way offer a little
more content a few extra views and a bit
more attention you'll wish nothing more
than being able to wind the clock back
10 seconds and choose not to smash that
ceramic canine cannon on the floor which
may result in forever saying goodbye to
that little fluffy good boy both you I
and all of the low gang loved so as if
it's not already just like weird and way
too far this guy's freaking goes darker
bro like really dark go after those mere
seconds of laughs the overwhelming
gravity of the situation will begin to
sink in waves of gut-wrenching
we'll rush through your body you will
find it physically impossible to aid
Kong in the moment so fingers crossed
Lydia will be there to rush him out the
door to the nearest vet hospital Brendan
will be lost for words as he frantically
delete the footage before turning the
camera off and sitting down in silence
you'll find yourself in the most
deplorable distressing in self
disdaining situation one could ever
create for themselves the absolute
destruction you just cost it will all of
a sudden seem so stupid and completely
avoidable as your mind starts to process
all of the agonizing consequences no
more than a minute would have passed but
you've somehow just inflicted a
lifetime's worth of suffering and regret
upon yourself glancing down at the floor
you see nothing but shattered ceramic
maverick remains covered in the blood of
the Savage your savage our savage
looking up your cylindrical rope feature
you'll contemplate cutting a piece off
and ending things quickly over the
balcony rather than dealing with the
ramifications this event will have on
your personal and professional life at
what point will your ego stop
blindsiding your common sense and duty
of care for the general well-being and
safety of others Logan I hope these
words reach you and make you think about
what's more important in life you are 22
years old bro it's time to grow out of
this absolutely asinine phase that set a
good example for the millions of kids
that look up to you every day you've
crafted a career for yourself that
harnesses great power don't forget he
comes with a greater responsibility
don't let Uncle Ben down don't let
yourself down don't let your family down
don't let your team down and most
importantly don't let the low gang down
that was a lot to take it I I respect
the spider-man reference Uncle Ben good
guy I also like others taste in this
right there was a lot of low gang flavor
whoever wrote this is clearly in the low
gang and and honestly they just want to
have cause back trust me whoever wrote
this I like thank you first up forgive
me this is amazing piece cut but second
off I respect and totally understand the
concern but do not fret he's gonna be
fine look at him just in fact watches
oh he wanted to join look like
everything's find it oh but that was a
wizard play for a second wait yeah I
just I'm curious did you guys like the
cartoon like would you like to see more
like Logan story cartoons okay see you
later I have a bunch of like weird crazy
life stories that like I think would be
funny if I put them in the cartoon can I
get a second blog so comment below if
this gets let's say 200,000 comments out
there some more cartoons with that said
no gang that is the vlog I know a bit of
a weird one today that's cuz tomorrow's
it's like a really special one have to
end it a bit early some of you might be
able to guess what it is but it's gonna
be dope if you have not yet purchase
your new maverick merch we just drop
some new shoes throw Logan Paul calm
slasher the hottest softest merch in the
game during the movement baby because
that's what it is it's a revolution and
as the maverick enterprise grows the low
gang does to subscribe if you're not a
part of it I love y'all and I will see
you tomorrow
