I'm not even kidding in the next 15 days
we're going to be okay yo it's a big day
new virtual baby let's go I'm actually
wearing one right now the long-sleeve
Mavericks shirt with the brand new low
gang dad hats this is my dad and the dad
has so much the red maverick crewnecks
the red maverick v-neck those bloom
every crewneck
the blue maverick feet and finally for
the ladies bro
multicolored maverick hat bang but stead
oh my gosh I'm plugging and you're
ruining my vlog oh look who it is Evan
you wanted a hat bang how about a pink
maverick at rank scuse me Kong I don't
mean to bother you here oh the Maverick
revolution is not stopping okay always
trying to challenge ourselves make new
products for you guys to rep and we're
in the street y'all know where to get
the stuff looking for that console a
shop or linking description but y'all I
just want to say I'm convinced my pets
are in like a coalition to just ruin my
life ever
he'll sit on top of the door here and
just too and look at it there's just
door shreds everywhere and somehow Kong
like got a pineapple look look there's
pineapple back there and freaking move
of this pineapple in his cage what's
your deal bro are you trying to sabotage
me bro I don't remember there being a
pineapple anywhere you're right like
where did you even get the pineapple you
mad you don't have any new March here
you could have just asked for oh here
you go calm that's my boy all right
let's talk about you do you hate me
is that okay good don't forget don't
bite the hand that feeds you I fed him
one time he still bites me he's kind of
a dick
he's been there for like you are
definitely in the low game yo he has
still love this dog road I said you know
what the cops are looking for you I
think I'll go give him a call
guess what I'm doing I'm acting baby
acting practicing the role yeah I'm
reading my script as we walk big
audition today baby this is for a movie
I can't say what movie it is I like what
my agent sent me this audition bro I
flip red leather yellow leather stop
stuffing he's doing vocal warm-ups but
we're good now let's just say it's a big
franchise I feel good I feeling
character and whether yo god Bless
America or p.m. audition I'm gonna do
that not movie star stop what do we got
what do you trying to buy and what do
you need to send a letter to a loved one
okay do you have a pen pal I do oh my
god listen dad I know you're getting old
okay so just watch out for the wet floor
no see he didn't read this sign peace so
Machado washing cuidado attention I
don't even know why I'll wait wait yeah
yup here we go classic class Brennan do
you see extra small anywhere extra small
extra small yes I don't know if they
they make that they have to right yeah I
guess we'll just go to the Magnum I'm
acting at Evans being lazy lazy lazy
back at the crib Oh call me still
rapping hard to hear buddy I got you go
check it out Lydia you like pink
that's my girl plate watch nice
anyways I have to go to an audition Oh
No are you coming it's in Santa Monica
take a 40-minute drive to this audition
we are in the beautiful Santa Monica
this is a big audition look at how many
pages there are alive it ok cool anyways
I feel good about this I love you dad
wish me luck yeah what are we supposed
to do okay
was good the thing about acting in
auditions is they tell you that as soon
as you're done with the audition just
like forget about it wait to hear from
your ages how the feedback is and
hopefully we booked a movie bro anyways
my dad like I walk in here homies
ordering frozen yogurt hey Dad I want to
make a cheers to my dad for being in Los
Angeles and also because he's leaving
tonight which is cool another way I get
home and my dad goes right into taking a
nap check it out little o Greg just
newsn away I figured bro we just dropped
the new merge right we're on God trip
status I think so too
yeah yeah Lydia what I can listen no
since you're the world's greatest
assistant I know you got more no she got
that co2 whoa dad this is for all the
times growing up they beat my ass
honestly I probably deserved it just
like I'm about to deserve to get my ass
beat but whatever what can you be quiet
you're gonna wake my dad up so
it's me your roommate Logan sounds like
my life hanging with you bro yeah it's
our new thing check it out cuz we're
going to the top
I want a handshake hey David
Oh what do 11 the second exactly one
second we also brought Euler hi Judy
we talked with a she yelled at me cuz
all you guys are commenting Euler on her
Instagram and that's that's not her name
her name is Judy yeah this buddy'll okay
guys seventeen point nine minutes later
oh I'm excited bro it's our Kate I know
it's been so long since I've been to the
ratchet streets of Hollywood Boulevard
Jane and Buster so again guys I'm not
getting paid for this I gotta stop doing
these free Brandi as well you you owe me
money baby Buster's Rock'em Sock'em
bathroom
Oh what's going I'm not a good to talk
to the arcade let's keep it going
oh you know they said I respect it if
you ain't cheating eh I'm
don't seen him before if there's one
thing I'm good at its vlog if there's
another thing I'm good at its these claw
machine listen Judy's here right she's
from Spain girls love dudes who can get
him stuff animal what
like the broken bro like the cloth
you can you go through there damn it
Dave and Buster's you're too smart for
me man
nothing warms my heart more let's see
it's someone with emerge we got my girls
in maverick I love it okay good night
baby I love you dad love you too
you gotta hold it down in Ohio man boy
someone's got to do it Ohio Fried
Chicken what did you order an uber no
but I gotta go get my prize that's my so
many options what are you gonna get
everyone over oh it's my big day I would
really like this Fat Joe D Batman Q I
don't be jealous of my poopit and the
Pikachu I could have sad news very sad
news bro what you already know it okay
let's sit down for a second okay can you
tripod the camera okay I bought a house
as you guys know but the way it works is
they put the money and it's because it's
like a lot of money in this thing called
escrow basically gives the buyers me a
chance to decide if they want to buy the
house I mentioned this to you guys there
was a lot of things wrong with the house
like brand-new house it was awesome just
the Builder did not come through and
like literally the house like could have
fallen fall we could essentially be like
standing in the garage and like it just
collapses from under us or swimming in
the pool and the pool just like destroys
itself no way no this is funny I just
saw my reflection so then I was like yo
I'm this is gonna be my house I'm
spending a lot of money I want to make
sure I'm getting the best deal possible
and you know I'm kind of an idiot it I
like it was the only house that I looked
at house I go like I want to go check
out some more places turns out that
there are better places than the place I
had essentially bought so we cancelled
the house and I no longer littered we're
getting kicked out of here like
20 days less than that I'm getting
nervous no it's funny you're so funny
this blog was so fun and now is why but
listen we're like I'm not even kidding
in the next 15 days we're gonna be
homeless
hey can't get why do you keep saying
this really yes as your father I refuse
to let you sleep on the street mommy
you can sleep on it so that's that's an
issue it's a very real life serious
adults problem but I feel like I just
like you guys know my life I felt like I
should tell you so look at it buy you
out mark my words it's gonna be down oh
my god I didn't tell her to do this bill
long-sleeve white maverick t-shirt with
love gang on the buttocks and the red
and blue Phoenix and crew next a
multi-coloured hat the low gang hey I
also dropped a woman's scoop neck I'm
gonna show you guys tomorrow
- get your merch baby hottest merch in
the game stop this person game best
merchants game look up all that counts
lash out bling and description if you
are not a part of the low gang by the
way what are you doing dude we put each
other on the bus
so subscribe looking I love y'all and I
will see you tomorrow take it easy fam
coming
