I swear to God I will get up out of my
bed and sprint naked to the bus line
this guy Pierce them through the heart
yo hey yo good morning lo game what's
poppin okay so it's actually not the
morning it is 3 p.m. right now guys
literally the whole morning I've been
focusing on this video hey like a little
schoolboy brother like this is just
exciting for me because I put a lot of
time effort and money into this video
and you guys are obviously receiving it
very well hundred fifty thousand likes
in 15 minutes here it's the fact that
the logging is the strongest family on
the Internet and if you're watching this
video and you don't know who I am or you
know I'm part of the logging I am
looking Paul make sure to subscribe join
us hit the bun we break you rock bro if
you haven't seen that out of my hair
music video here's a preview ok I hope
you enjoyed that got to watch a music
video link a description
Jesus mother of God I'm talking fast
vapor Oh feels good this is Ray the
vlogs gonna be done in five minutes yeah
yeah I'm gonna just slow it down for you
and let's talk about my beard guys I've
been keeping the beard because you know
I'm getting over a sickness and I
figured if I feel like a sick hobo why
not just look like one right but today
like I finally feel better
finally feel better so I want to shave
my beard right now with my oh wow okay
children you oh you guys ready to hear
the tapping are you coming oh man Evan
we're the best dad in the world yeah big
news broke I want to shave today I think
today's the day okay how's that big news
because I want you to do it for me with
the machete okay there's no reservation
just okay yep it's so easy to get
distracted by these dogs shaped face by
the way I just want to let those already
know this but you boy me I'm the king of
chillin like look at me look at me right
now it's 4:00 p.m. and I'm just cooling
bro anything about me when I was in high
school I wore like this outfit to school
almost everything what maverick merch to
school every day
maverick merch was invented but I wore
like sweat I wasn't lit enough yet for
maverick Rhodes in high school now I'm
what do you have in your mouth
well you have in your mouth what is that
good alright it's gonna be Santa Claus
with the beer there
this dog anyone at all know what's out
there I've got just great it's happening
again okay
shave face now I'm going in my where let
my roommate shave my face with the
machete real top-notch stuff right here
you gotta do a boat don't use don't use
this part look gonna hide like this
whole thing bro just please stay away so
I says a little like nub up here stay
away from the know what the are you
doing you just straight trying to cut my
face open I think angle
ah I didn't want to do that what are you
doing enjoy this this is literally
recipe for a cut on my face literally
this is horrible ah ah you know what bro
freaking I love you alright but I'm
taking over
why would you do that
Oh Oh it's working look at all this hair
that came off definitely real definitely
real hi guys I'm gonna take a shower and
actually shave my face the experimental
phase in my life bro wanna see I do want
to it might not be the bed I don't know
got blonde hair is it is it noticeable
leave it or am I just overreacting cuz
this is weird I look in the mirror oh
yeah but until the low gang doesn't mean
it's too far I'm gonna let this bitch
grow these glasses right here also we
brought a friend here Judy no no what do
you see anything oh yeah really what
about when I do this getting my car I
seem let me translate
I seem stupid and I don't know how about
that English language huh how about that
what did you say so I can put a subtitle
oh that's oh great thank you I
appreciate that
I'm not gonna look like a pedophile
that's my point ha yo you already look
so good Judy it's going down did you say
that cuz like hey baby this pot named a
baby that buff you can't do it cuz they
don't exist I get my car I'm making this
cute take quick take up Christmas
pictures this mustache is like it's so
easy to just zone out and still look
dope watch no joke imagine what just
happened like when you walk into a
different room in like something else is
going on with somebody else I want to
get new roommates so to give a
mini-horse maybe it was a mustache come
on the fact that your dog attacks my dog
yo you're being too aggressive
stop stop it honey cuz it's just funny
it's happening again so this is good I'm
having so much fun with the close-ups on
you guys
that song mr. Bhagu bro up on the bus
some interesting stuff has happened I
want to tell you guys about Wow would
you say smells like what the pooper
strike the pooper struck bro
no go away the Cooper struck again bro
it's a guy as you know gang know who is
pooping outside of our bus did you know
this human poops and he comes back big
human poops right outside the door we
had a like literally jump over the pool
it was hot it was whore this has gone
too far
first it was a joke actually no it was
never a joke it was always to fuck skill
pooper dude why does it smell like he
took it on the bus got in the bus and
there there's destroying this is what do
you want me what the dividers it turns
apart with poop we can't let him divide
us i'ma find this guy I didn't buy this
drill bit for no reason I'm gonna stab
him through the heart nobody my boss
except we need cameras surveillance it's
it's guys this is an actual issue like
the vlog today was kind of fine I got my
sashes no this is a problem second
problem I want to address that I sit
down it's like any other normal day in
my cool bus I turn it on I start driving
right it's casual
oh okay it's one thing to jump off
fanmail it's another thing to drop off a
safety hazard on my bus literally it
blinds me oh my god I'm gonna pull over
I have a couple words to say about this
because I feel it's some type away right
now
this spot is normally for these kind of
buses I'm just gonna park here alright
let's see what we got okay - very sweet
girls obviously the wrapping the merch
there in the low gang which you can get
on Logan Paul calm slash oh my Logan
Paul Keim slash out my ears
I'm just like you huh I'm a bus I'm a
little bit but I'm just like you guys
right right okay follow me in the cool
bus names of the girls that were trying
to kill us are riper and Miriam yes a
couple things what yeah okay we're all
cute you guys good there's a phone
number if you want to text them jeez why
sit well I see them right now I'm about
to get into why this is wrong
stay away from the bus honestly no gang
yo it's like let's go but like stay away
from the bus for real yes it's my toy
look at it don't touch it
I have a problem with them looking on
this picture they're standing on my
bumper that's that's very that's very
disrespectful
we had the same problem with the Yeti
this is Merriman Piper thank you for
being the low game but does not your
property so please a stay away from the
bus unless I invite you on it and be
especially especially when I'm not
around don't touch your bus don't go on
the bus and don't put objects in the way
that can potentially harm that's the
second thing think about where you place
that like I could have died
I couldn't vlog could be over right now
and a local box between grown-ass men
possibly a woman pooping outside my bus
and low gangsters trying to kill us it's
been an interesting one looking for
cameras right now whether you're taking
pictures on my bus or hopefully near my
bus it's our big day the damn Wi-Fi
security cam I would hate to be someone
trying to poop outside my bus what do
you think Lydia
great we'll take five yo okay so I'm
looking at this camera here look it's
pretty cool some stuff we found out that
actually works in our favor hugely 24/7
video 130 degree view shows you
everything in 1080p HD day or night to
open the day pooping the night find you
bro alerts you on your phone see who is
there and talk back to get their
attention like I could be sleeping and I
get a notification I swear to God I will
get up out of my bed and sprint naked to
the bus why make it make you sleep big
fine this guy our 24/7 continuous
recording saves everything just in case
so even if I don't catch this guy if I
come back tomorrow there's an extra poop
dunzo got caught last thing part of the
puzzle that's actually kind of confusing
mmm
that is an outlet we can't turn the
generator generator on cuz pooper will
know that something's going down in the
bus so we got over the extension cords
over here and then we're gonna walk
around here try to find an outlet like
drape it put it on top of the bus and
then just hook up some cameras and
hopefully find this guy bro if we do bro
I bought a flashlight for this exact
look at look at that poop look at it ah
disgusting I never thought my life would
come to this Oh 100% outlet the one
thing I'm worried about are these spikes
a little bit you'll be fine okay cool
and I'll live okay so right here baby
you are my Savior I also feel like I'm
sort of breaking the law right now but
like you would think that if there's
security here they would catch the guy
pooping outside my bus he open so that
security camera right there is watching
us install a security camera okay so
it's connected to the bus Wi-Fi but
obviously when we turn the bus off it's
not going to be connected anymore but in
my mind and tell me if this makes sense
Brennan there's no reason that it
shouldn't be able to still look for oh
you can get your merch on yahoo falls on
toms last shot this is so noticeable
look at this giant yellow extension cord
how's that I see me you see you I see
you oh this is amazing I act like you're
gonna poop Oh bro what Hey
okay okay
that is the vlog haha you got some stuff
to look forward to and it's not your
mustache not my mustache although wait
yes it is awesome now that out of my
hair music video is at four million
views low gang bro eight hours let's go
if you have not watched that already do
that a lot drop a like on it I bet he
can get a million likes yeah no I know
it can and if you're not subscribed to
subscribe for me during the low gang the
strongest family on the internet plus
you're part of a criminal investigation
now straight up we will find the man
pooping outside of my bus
lastly cop the man from our slogan ball
the cops last shop there's also the
exclusive out of my hair shirt that we
drop you have 24 hours left to get it
you know where to get it looking about
like on / shopper link in description
locate I love your disease yet
I just
