beautiful day on planet earth I am
driving with no hands I uh
good morning okay good Bob how's
everybody feeling today good good if you
guys are new here my name is Logan Paul
and here's a little bit about me I'm
just gonna talk if for some reason
you're watching this and you're not
subscribed burrow are you good like yo
why hit the button for me subscribe to
the loco what's happening today all
right here's one thing this morning your
boy went to the dentist hahaha MJ she's
gonna clean my teeth pearly white not
the pearly whites hi how are you dumb
Joe anyways I'm headed back home right
now I took some pills this morning cuz
as you guys know I'm feeling kind of say
apparently you're supposed to eat food
when you take the medicine I did it and
my stomach hurts like make a joke I'm a
funny guy oh my god did you want to join
me for breakfast I'm a kid potato potato
it's a good daikon oh he's back from
here buddy take this is me Bonnie with
my pitch y'all actually never giving
Kong human food before how you doing are
you enjoying Kong I just did it for the
vlog don't get used to it okay no more
stuff before be as Brenda's here rank
has been just moving in my house look at
what you've done you get your boxes and
you give up spit on this box I will
fight you if you guys saw my Instagram
story last night bro we boxed the clown
Savage
so this is like ancient like I'm already
annoyed bro I'm already bored let's go
to West Coast this is the most savage
thing ever every day I just pull in on
my damn this is a cool bus that's why I
named it that okay yeah so we're headed
the west coast custom as you guys know
we've had some problems with the bus ah
in example the horn
we had to shove this water bottle
underneath it because if you take it
I'll literally does not stop honking
probable so have you figured out how to
use the Wi-Fi yeah which is a problem
cuz vlog like lots of things putting
your oh boy yeah best bus driver y'all
saw yesterday's why you can drive the
bus now pedal extensions there they held
on with duct tape get you just hell but
it works I think we do a little driving
with Devin in the cool bus bang oh you
know Evans nervous because we're going
on the highway I did tell me that was
the only way to get there you got this
bro oh my god yeah for sure that's a
problem I've been on you think the
accelerator is coming off oh it's
sliding down the brake is still there so
so we're good on the brain bro bro Evan
bro this is how you get subscribers no
you almost hit that sticky carb right no
don't do something about me bro
I feel like we should remind the low
gang one of the issues with the bus the
horn problem no I don't focus on driving
you guys see how this is a problem
definitely an issue I can do it I can do
it
I hope they can fix that that gets
annoying he's getting this close to
every car on the right side yeah I think
I'm gonna take over oh okay okay good
here for sure good good stuff haven't
you want to do the thing yeah brother
some think how just wants to drive hello
mom is that you hey Kenny yo there's one
thing I'm hoping you can think this is
the most the most basic yet annoying
thing in the world
okay ready that's a thing we're dealing
with and then yo I'm doing something
wrong with the yeah bro it's everybody
gets out of your way Oh true just the
water bottle recycling is a cannoli yo
you know everything about what we do
juice reuse recycle
this is just reusing bro I like you yo
this is the hilarious problem kostik
isn't that whole don't look at Kong I
was sitting with Kong this morning and
I'm like I don't love many things but
like I fell in love with this darling we
don't kind overrun here we fix it I like
that just seems so simple
I like that boom I like you thank you my
TV yeah oh thanks but no private into
the Wi-Fi is working meaning the TV
update this app to launch it the update
may cost more data to be places to be
Brendan series the busy Bay tired Kong
rough day I'm sorry guys I think he's
being so cute today what honestly not as
cute as my boy heaven location optical
agent you talk too fast into loud
something shut up shut up yes Siri has
no chill right now audio guide it's off
he's dead oh thank god Siri was being a
little whore today no so bit sleepy the
boys are going ham yo they got that good
good
no it says maverick enterprises except
except Brendon do you see what I see
gotta say oh no that one and it'll be
maverick eat your eyes hypothetically if
this was spelled right that would be the
moon you guys print these right now
Oh some question dumb question I know
comedy right and that's commonly when he
stuff you oh by the way you guys like
these new low gang heads hey yeah it's
the first time wearing damn son yo
maverick logo merch we do it right babe
and I guess it's a good time to say if
you haven't gotten to yet
what do know where to get it linking the
wheel I can fall dock table slash okay
couple things going on right now if you
notice my brother Jacob looking like
more of a chach than ever and my boys
yep you got it I'm gonna let them
actually do it cuz I don't know how to
do I just know how to block yeah that's
not cool what did you do that for
yeah Brian baby oh I don't like you kind
hate all of you a lot of the imitate
doesn't like gets either but okay oh
you've used to going down bro that needs
to change
yo yo yo yours were down to four the
other day oh what happened I was ahead
of you and then and then we switched and
now to switch again we talking about
I've always been the best maybe if they
have more views and more subscribers and
have any chance wait
help me up you is now on my brain not on
my major oh how many views you have I
don't know you have two billion I have
like two point six billion attention to
my channel what he has some competition
J yeah we got some competition help me I
do harder thirty many of you now
not to mention all the other videos on
my other channel I mean I'm just saying
I was a how many views did you have
because of me oh I'm you got it got kind
of real there for a second I mean here's
the thing I've kept you relevant I don't
understand that you've said that before
I don't get that I really irrelevant
okay you're right you know good to see
you Jake
thanks for stopping by I want to love
him so bad
ah he's hard to love it's hard to love
you look good this is a squat squat a
minyan my god - you're like 26 pretty -
the kids are skinny think I'm just gonna
do my best stay away from them why come
and ruin my day
how did I ruin your day oh I'm just
doing me bro just let me do me I don't
want anything from you
actually to find the new brother soon
JW's we bought your w's can we now both
ww-where you guys baby boy and it's red
bang your body hair spray hairspray it's
hairspray why is it multicolored why is
it my boss is a republic
look it's much different color bro this
is for you okay there's no hurt you get
away from Roy and you a hundred of them
team ten kids multiply like bunny
rabbits not rabbit season boy otherwise
I
Oh crazy this is such a nice finishing
touch like it's really weird how nice
this just like wraps everything else
yeah the Maverick Enterprise is no joke
I'm just gonna say it right now cuz I'm
excited I'm in the zone I'm of you may
have seen in the vlogs the Maverick job
not even kidding the best joggers I've
ever worn like 100% you are changing the
clothing game like even today wearing
Mavericks oh it's not these are not out
yet okay don't hate me when we drop
bottoms bro that's a frickin rock just
spit everywhere yep on me thank you this
I no joke bro it's slowly not becoming
merch anymore like an actual apparel
line let's go never forget surprises I
think Jake is in this limo Jay Paul Jay
Paul in there come on mo Jay Paul there
he is
there's the troublemaker hello brother
Jack me your brother Logan come here
you're under arrest real life I love you
I love you too hi bro wait I'll try I'm
colorblind
that's our cue goodbye Jay it's very
interesting having my brother also do
YouTube videos it's the most magical
thing ever and it's the most toxic thing
ever oh god damn wicked mu I'm kidding
ah no not kind of Jake you can be a
mother sometimes but I love you stopped
at a gas station to get some propane
that's what gives the bus electricity
for Wi-Fi anyways you are God some
flamin hot cheetos ready neither yeah
yeah your mouth is red bro I'm burnin
broke I need some new bro except I'm a
LA and Hollywood I only drink almond no
joke Jesus
he's probably used to people's live
flamin hot cheetos Jesus here's where
they get you about I can't stop eating
like well my house is murder
okay well there's now a brand deal for
Cheetos here's your owe me money what it
what's wrong with me I'll buy the boys I
told the loner Geiger we appreciate you
pay you good bro it's just hot bro ah
why am I so extra I don't know I'll
never know okay guys I feel a little
better
back at and apparently not um but yo I
was sitting here I'm thinking I love my
dog right I love Kong he's right here
and I don't know if this is actually
comfortable for so I want to go to the
pet store right now and get a dog bed to
put like right here look boy can just
chill next to me also look at the side
that's a very cool signs there's a lot
of fire forest fires like brush fires
oh no that's I don't like it anymore
mother nature you've been a real bitch
lately anyway scar let's go get you a
bed I so parking this bus is obviously
not easy I'm at a street meter right now
as you can see cool buses just feel what
it takes up two spots and if you were my
dog which one of these beds would you
like how about this one no no you need a
bedroom girth it's not a very big spot
anything small what but it has to be no
no are you are you guys good you know
hiney space no tiny space tiny Maison
Elise craze oh dude this is what we need
one of these he's an igloo come we need
to think small we have a tiny space
that's what I said I think we found a
winner what do you think like this bed
are you my boy okay let's do Oh so
perfectly oh no no no
I enjoy your gift right buddy it's your
big day no are you gonna be a grateful
dog or not all I want to do is be the
best dad that I can take over the world
one of long at a time this is that hard
anyways good stuff guys weird one today
Jake Paul you're you're a guy I'm gonna
say this I'm sad I said it before if
you're not a part of the low getting
make sure to subscribe the strongest
feeling on YouTube oh geez
copy maverick merch join the revolution
of maverick enterprises links in
description link is in the wheels or
logo Paul that cops last shop it's the
crazy ones you change the world low gay
I love
like in the wheels I'm not gonna say
link in description link in the week
