you'll never see her the first time
we're psyched the condom what is that
noise heaven please get out from under
my shirt stop Abbadon let me be me what
do you mean how they always try to
control me Ivan shut the front door
you're in my shirt blowing in my stomach
welcome to the vlogs guys I joke though
it's a big day it's always a big day
here yesterday was my one-year vlog of
bursary vlogging for one year straight I
don't know what that means but we have
as you guys know dropped our exclusive
48 hour maverick dead the universe 365
long-sleeve t-shirt Jesus that's quite
the tongue twister yo these are real
sexy bro
I'm a nun you keep turning around for me
real quick not nice ass anyway get these
while you can look up all the cops last
shop you know what or link in
description but I just want to know ever
you
we're gonna put this right here see you
later
wait don't forget this to do this 1-year
vlogging dunzo 48-hour March already
plugged y'all know about it three
diamond-plate button after the debacle
yesterday we haven't working on that
takes a little bit of time to do that
number six though let's talk music okay
yo know your boys getting into music bro
I'm not a singer but I'm doing it I
really believe that if you if you think
you can do something and you want to do
a bad enough you should just go for it
like I respect my brother for trying
didn't I respect my brother for doing
music I am also getting my feet wet so
today I have a writing session and for
that reason today's vlog is that I can
be different it's still actually really
really entertaining but I pre-recorded a
segment the other day with my
ex-girlfriend the first girlfriend I've
ever had
her name is ex-girlfriend she's a
sweetheart and I figured it'd be cool
for you guys to like get to know me and
what I was like before high school both
as a friend and maybe a little bit of a
lover no no let's say what up yeah I
know I'm doing well with that new don't
don't poop on my blog don't move my blog
don't you son of a bitch is it because
of the house
is that why yeah okay we're working on
the house guys you're gonna have a place
to live I have a few if you're having
girl problems I'll feel bad for your son
but if you have a dog problems I can
relate you know something is 100% wrong
with my dog look in his eye buddy what's
wrong be crying huh what is wrong with
your eye you you've got we gotta take
you to the vet buddy
I think he's got conjunctivitis
conjunctivitis like conjunction junction
yeah just like that
look he knows you up bro don't worry
Kong we're gonna save you I'll perform
CPR right now one two three four five
six seven eight
open wide one two three four five Lydia
Lydia look at my dog bitch then why is
he crying Brennan says he has
conjunction junction can you take him to
the veterinarian that damn conjunction
junction will get you right in the eye
see you guys later
nice merch by the way okay hey Evans
back but it doesn't matter because now
we are doing the girlfriend thing you
told him about what no I'm not talking
about you I'm talking about my my
ex-girlfriend okay so it's reducing the
my first love mouth a lot okay take it
away bad Logan hey future Logan thank
you okay yo this is exciting bro I'm
here with my ex-girlfriend so here's the
thing about ex-girlfriends she's from
Ohio she lives like a fairly regular
like dude like is you like it's it's
like a standard like classic and she was
uh she was my first love like I did
oh what a bitch me not you Thanks here's
why this was interesting is cuz she knew
me before I got famous
in high school I was 15 years old Wow
that girl's cute I want to make her my
girlfriend one day that's too big anyway
so do want to ask her questions to give
you guys a little insight what I was
like before I got famous on the internet
there are a few people who knew me
before this crazy life and she's one of
them so let's do this
was I always a church yes what made me a
judge everything
what do you mean like I was I've always
been a douchebag no you're an isin
indicia what is yeah yeah what do you
want that just had a way of carrying
himself that he was very self-confident
and sometimes it could come across as
Josh yeah and now now my followers like
it's normal it's okay okay now your dick
Paul's brother no it's true I always
believed in myself I feel like I've
always been me and then all of a sudden
I got followers no it's like oh like
that Kate's like this crazy guy from
Ohio like not that I've always been a
frickin nut before he got into the
entertainment industry he was like
always self-confident more in his
academics in his sports you came to my
wrestling matches I did you came to my
state wrestling match such a supportive
girl funny cuz he's colorblind it's
funny cuz I'm colored qualifying
tournaments and district the only time
I've seen him cry very tough match I was
sweating also from my eyes any weird
habits that I have that the low game
might not know about yes he washes his
hands after he's not before why is that
a weird having no I just look I'll do I
will do both I'm just saying like after
I eat I got these greasy paws well like
look at my phone right now
besides the phone case but you can get
now and look with all that comes last
shot it's not greasy bro everyone's got
these crazy ass bones I remember you and
leave the cafeteria at school every
single day after lunch and Russia
who's vacuuming how you doing
we're just blogging yeah just up the
vacuum audio is like whoa okay okay
thank you so much thank you so much
she's so nice
oh no young you're younger than me you
didn't know you're doing yeah she was a
year older I was a savage bro what was
happening was I a player no we were in a
committed relationship
I hope not no I wasn't I wasn't but like
like I know we had like an issue we did
we were on and off because you know he
if you have ever met a wrestler they
tend to get a bit cranky amazed I know
cuz I'm freaking cutting weight yeah I'm
hungry bro you know so I hooked up with
her best friend cuz she hooked up with
my best friend
I did not yes but it was after we broke
up it was like it was like fine it was
like this evil immature it was it was
really sweet
no this is actually a good lesson this
is a really good lesson don't do that
like if you guys are in high school like
that was volatile and bad and like just
screw things up so learn from us
actually
what did your parents think of me they
did not like what's cuz I got this mop
hair honestly I still think they don't
untraditional he's not the kind of guy
that will walk up to your door is their
hand which I liked you mean I did what
are you talking about skin your dad's
hand and looked him right in the face
and said yo I'm smashing your daughter
what's the most romantic thing I did
Logan was not only a wrestler but he
stood and it's just game it was a really
exciting game and he was loading up into
the bus and he was leaning out the
window grabbed my hand and pulled me up
onto the tire of the bus focused
you're so romantic
bro I just remembered that story
yeah the kissing fades so you peaked in
high school I don't know yeah what has
changed
Oh Logan used to really like blue top
like slightly off blue and then like
blue blue bottom I was color boys he did
not know how to dress yeah but nah bro
if you suck at style just know there is
hope all right next question it was the
first spot Oh ask about my brother
scheme Jake ball what was he like and
like seeing how he's like changed what
is what are you thoughts on that Allah
Allah so Jake has made obviously he
didn't really like school at all he's
very reserved he didn't feel like he
ever fit in Jake was a dumbass he still
is those butts yeah just knit it I've
said it in this time flashback I think
my brother's an idiot when you first saw
me were you like damn I'm gonna hit it
from the back or like what was your
first reaction yeah so I was a sophomore
and you Eric freshman you locked in the
athletic training department I was like
I remember you telling me this now that
kind of he was like this little boy and
I just thought he was gonna be so cute
and then how you started talking was
with our mouths how did we then progress
things to be you know I volunteered for
this program called Youth Challenge
Mulligan walks in all confused a little
so we spent a whole entire day and a
community down there and then she fell
in love with me no Micah at the time oh
really yes your honor
each other's numbers and then we ended
up breaking up with the person the exact
same week and it was the next week after
you know what's crazy to me you've
stayed it's such a sweet girl like even
the way you talk is like just like so
soft everything and I'm just like
tolerate me literally that's all you
have to do it's very difficult I've
fired 80 assistant because we can't
tolerate okay Beth I think that's a
that's a we did good here so much dirt I
know about you like what what's good
wrote me a letter one time and told me
that you had a twin cousin that you aim
in the womb and I believed you for a
solid year you believe that I hate my
twin cousin yeah are you good well I
would never have considered Logan to be
funny in college a lot of people say
that I would never call him comical and
so the fact that now he's in a line of
business that all he does is entertain
and make people laugh he was gonna work
for NASA
oh but now I'm vlogging forgive me Mom
the condom you kidding don't use the one
you stored since you're 10 years old
when you first learn what's that I was
waiting to smash for six years you've
been like hanging around with us today
like when we go in the streets and you
like see people's reactions what goes
through your mind because you knew me
when like you know no one no one's
second looked at me ever yeah it's
really difficult to wrap my head around
being famous in my head he's just my
ex-boyfriend so close friends would kind
of pulled at my heartstrings why and he
always has been this awesome guy even
though he's but he really is he's a good
person to look up to you guys don't see
that sometimes he is constantly working
hard you don't see him up till 4:00 a.m.
waking up at 6:00 a.m. just editing
constantly on the road gang Beth I
didn't tell her to say that I thought
you're gonna expose me this has been
dubbed alright now are you good is that
oh we good yes enough it's cool cuz like
ex-girlfriend said earlier she she she
we're still good friends we've kept our
Ohio roots and we're all right back to
you okay guys so I hope you enjoyed that
maybe you learned a little bit more
about me also big thank you to
ex-girlfriend for being up for up for
air Depp guys I've been gone for eight
hours like it's dark outside freakin
pitch-black bro you boys make him hit
legit I think this music thing that I'm
getting into is is gonna shake the world
a bit and that's what we aim to do every
single day baby it's all about damn and
I can't get it from here I'm gonna use
this reflection dent the universe baby
every day that is the goal when I leave
this planet I want to have sent a ripple
through the earth through the universe
and whether you like it or not y'all are
gonna do with me baby that's what these
shirts are about remember the exclusive
maverick shirt celebrating 365 days of
straight vlogging and being the fastest
youtube channel ever to hit ten million
subscribers
the grind is too real also comes out hi
baby you look so much better
there's my bow Lydia's not here but
maybe she fixed his conjunction junction
that no logging that is the vlog if you
have not copped one of these yet Logan
Paul calm slash shop link in description
at this point you probably have like
less than 12 hours to get it so go fast
if you're not a part of the whole gang
make sure to subscribe what is he doing
bad yeah that's right you run I love
your nose do tomorrow
Oh
