I'm fine oh let's start with that
Brendan hey I'll okay you probably a
little sick I see you guys know we've
had like a busy week and before we went
into it out yo I was already sick yo
blog love what I know you have a problem
you say I'm too many times am i right
nothing back what what's your problem
this housing problem the parents handle
we've had a busy week we went on Jimmy
Kimmel Logan Paul we got the cool bus oh
she shot a music video out of my head
that was for the past three days like
you know you saw been staying up till
like 3:00 a.m. good morning today's the
first day I have off look my man Frank
by the way hello again it's me plank
from State Farm what are you doing bro
wait why are you dressing like a charged
talking my music video oh oh yeah
actually that explains the mess no it
doesn't always a mess there no no but
more a mess today bro Frankie's shooting
a music video bro what is it I don't
even know this girl this give it a way
to turn the wagons apartment to my own
personal prop house actual the real
flowers girl from LA music video drop is
no way lots of music videos I shot one
fresh Beauty what haven't I got you
something cuz I love is your penis out
hi aria baby how are you look I got you
No what are you doing give me flowers
stop come on came in here to do good
things I can't get up in a while since
we've seen that oh look you know I like
Kong just replace the flower he's like I
won't be a flower that's my dog okay I
got my breakfast burrito
so first home so first day off we don't
take days off but technically I can do
whatever I want to do here are a couple
things that's happening manager Jeff's
birthday is tomorrow smoking to throw a
surprise party for him later mark my
friend mark ex-roommate mark his
birthday tomorrow so we're gonna party
with him later oh my god
Jonny my fellow swords birthday is
tomorrow everyone's birthday bro so
that's the plan but first bro my man you
haven't seen the cool bus
and I haven't actually gotten to enjoy
it like rearranging and just drive the
way out why I think we get the boys
ahead of like Santa Monica little beach
or something I had the bus no actually
oh speaking of that have you guys got
your maverick murse yet no partisan game
no changing the world every single day
no thank you look above that comes that
shop and I guess it now's a good time to
say if you're not a part of the low gang
make sure to subscribe
I'll be vlogging very interesting and
it's fun I get to live my life with you
guys longest family on YouTube every hit
the button for me how good oh this is
great fun I just realize it like well
Frank looks so good bro I got uglier
look at my face where I broke out under
my nose people mustache is the greatest
I stop with a zoom burn you're too close
come on in emergency weather break the
toilet didn't break here let's hop out
hi Judy oh you got it hi what do you
think of my bus yeah it's crazy anyways
back to the emergency while I was
getting the bus I've been faced times me
he's like dude my dog broke it steal a
scheme dude Arya's leg is broken
yes just happen there's nothing high
there to follow up said the dog was like
jumping off the bed like his bed is this
high I know but REO is a puppy and he's
she's really unathletic
uncoordinated little it's so like like
snap like a nude what do we do girls yes
exactly already it's now the cool
ambulance this is gonna be weird because
Evans never seen the cool bus but this
is also like a state of dire emergency
so he's not gonna know whether to react
positive or like go very how's aria well
good I don't want to like take away from
that but you think of the buzz from
let's think
see I'm coming oh honey honey are you
okay REO this not supposed to be bending
like a Jade we don't have time for for
dogs our diet diet ah that's the Red
Bull let's save a dog's life
ah let's go how you doing back there
good I'm glad Lydia give me directions
to Larchmont Animal Clinic
steady this has been confirmed as an
emergency sirens going on we'll be fine
don't worry are you I got you best
blogger ever which way I'm gonna like
that we got a jam to the follow Jake
Pogo brother drinking trouble arose me
exit the vehicle mercy stat death Oh Oh
go shut up about the fork Junior's
emergency broke the dog's dying
are you sad dad none of my children have
ever gotten hurt
a couple of times you don't my child so
it's alright you like my dad how does
that you oh we got way too close if they
put a cast on Aria I'm gonna sign it
like Jake ball and you guys have any
Forks no we don't sorry dude we got dogs
break your legs Iike girls needed for
it's an interesting day bro what is it
not hey Zeus crystal Judy is a cat cats
don't use Forks well we wait I just want
to point out it's a good thing this
place isn't crazy crowd you got a car
here and then if you look to your left
alright let's go check on our yeah look
who it is oh you got a fork
yo dogs are dying fork fork now it's an
L for Logan do that that's an L fork Wow
don't know no tosses no no no Judy no no
Judy don't judy those are like $200
glasses Judy don't Judy it's a plastic
fork you just broke my two hundred
dollar glasses and Evans dog is that you
need a serious life check Judy I don't
know what you just said but look at that
they still look she looks like a baby
deer you know when baby deer are born
and they come out the womb like doesn't
look like a baby deer this looks like a
horror movie
amen look I'm not a doctor I'm just a
blog but I would bet my brother's
YouTube channel your dog broke her leg
oh I hope not either but if she did
sorry Jake we're deleting your channel
Oh site it's been
oh I guess like push it back into place
yeah I see that the movies brought no
one like people break their nose and
they have to like yep yep okay look
nothing's broken that's like huge yeah
because now yeah now I don't have to
delete Jake's YouTube channel but right
now they're gonna sit date are you and
then just try to like pop it back in the
pot I don't know but hopefully she's
gonna be good no we can't abort so we
decided to throw a party invited George
George George the door's locked
yeah I know that guy yeah welcome to the
party bro tell me what happened to the
puppy and she's now dying and then died
I had that did that tell off the bet
have died god rest her soul oh sorry did
you see I didn't go but look at me bro
do I not look like I'm ready to go to
school
link in description
allows you to catch on at all now we're
inside we have Lydia make a little runs
in a little run again she's tiny
what do you think bro I love sex there's
a lot of seats with a maverick logo
because we the dog does it's not saying
that I just make a chair up just put a
condom on the dog's foot so it doesn't
get wet
yo this is hilarious bro I love vlog
could've put condom on the dogs but we
need a mag no no this is the best vet
visit I've ever had I marry custom-made
Erik it's okay are ya we've saved you
today don't worry don't worry lo getting
I got this okay the plan is to go to the
beach pick up Jeff distract him for your
surprise party which I don't know if
it's gonna work but I'm gonna do my job
let's get got yeah
I hope you enjoyed those time lapses
alright guys we are in Santa Monica oh
man
oh just manager Jeff is here somewhere
here's the thing though he doesn't know
about this surprise party correct right
Lydia
I mean yeah it makes sense okay his
girlfriend Hannah put us up to this
Hannah
what are you dinky I can barely tie my
shoes why is it my responsibility to
keep Jeff busy but I'm a SAP yo yo I
need your big weekend tomorrow yo big
day yo we're on top of the bus I was
gonna vlog about how cool this is but
then I saw that I've never seen a dog
this fluffy in my life this is like an
unusual like special dog is this not the
crook like I'm losing my mind right now
you are amazing you're seriously
incredible puppy I'm so jealous but I
had to put him in air jail bro Jeff
might come out tonight let's go go no
joke I think it's broke why haven't I
let go
go
what is making it stop me like adjusting
the position yo this is what I get for
trying to be funny bro don't be funny
so where's the horn on the bus I'm gonna
go rip them score it out oh oh it's up
and down trying to fix it don't we're
gone
great yo I like that attitude yo we're
driving we're driving wait now we gotta
go to a surprise party you said 7:30 you
ran away
did he not run away
Oh Jeff ran away from me what am I
supposed to do oh you want me to text
him oh let me thank him yo yo yo yo yo
yo I'm so close I'm so go all right one
problem down we're gonna try to stall
Jeff some more yo yeah we fixed us but
we're kind of hungry are you still here
Jeff I'ma be honest you need I need I
need you to come with us bro
just trust me I need you to come with us
if you don't come with me I'm gonna die
I didn't know you're gonna to run off
bro
they're gonna stay in the car I need you
for the vlog bro you're my title the
thumbnail
okay hand is your girl right but check
store and be like yo Logan needs me for
vlogs not gonna hate you bro like bro
let's just grab a meal you know what we
don't even need we don't even need to
grab a meal I just I just want to do
this thing with you bro 30 minutes to an
hour all right peace holy jesus
mother of God great cool now what I need
your vegan place and maybe no no no
eating for duty okay more than me as a
manager or something yeah like we had
set you down all right we have a plan
call what do you say that's good to see
you jab me and you here at this table we
do here at this table just waiting for
smoothies guys but Bailey that smoothie
okay Horace I do for this to happen
I need Hannah
I need like you and Hannah I just need
you in hand it together so we're gonna
go to your house and we go get hand I am
an idiot what do they think that's the
worst excuse ever I need you and I miss
you guys like shut up shut up you dumb
vlogger God why would they put in charge
of head you could all right I'm gonna do
this and we're gonna have to put condoms
that are your speed for another vlog
okay but we got guys no Hannah I don't
know why you trusted me to do that but
okay no that's why I was being no I knew
something was up
I had no actual excuse for everything no
I saw you look at this party I made sure
I did that for sure look we got a pool
in the pool I'm sure I did that but I
made this pool yesterday I invented
propel so that was me no Gatorade
invented propellant so over here these
tables again me I did those cost you
were thinking that I was coming
I didn't account for Evan no but um if
you look over here hey made uh that was
me okay cool we're gonna party
whoa look at this dog oh my god you are
a dog you did that too today's a good I
did that I made that dog it is a good
day for dogs okay actually have to
celebrate marks birthday later as well I
think want to get some highlights for
that in tomorrow's vlog oh yeah with
that said though guys hilarious brah if
you're not subscribed if you're not a
part of the low gang do me a favor hit
the button that's a subscribe button of
course you do it and wish manager
underscore Jeff a happy birthday on his
Instagram tomorrow cough your maverick
merch logan paul gondry go ken
description happy birthday
hello gang I love you too I will see you
tomorrow take it easy vampire friend
