that's my gift for you yelling welcome
to the cool bus um if you could just now
hop in the back we go we got places to
be
music videos to shoot it's a good day lo
que it's a good day so guys as you know
I got the cool bus yesterday this thing
is an absolute dream no joke yesterday
was a big day as well I was on Jimmy
Kimmel let me tell you about my test
yeah I like that guy Jimmy Kim when we
talked about my balls it was great right
now these next two days actually are
also big day let's start with the
48-hour merch stop so as you guys know
if you buy merch well and now it's the
24 hour time is running out if you buy
merch in the next 24 hours make 10 of
you to put your names in the cool bus
and then fly two of you out here to come
take a ride and trust me you want to do
that this thing it's absolutely it's
we're kind of piggybacking that contest
off of our new merch strap we just
released a bunch of new stuff on the
site y'all know where it is local all
that calm slash shop but as you can see
the energy is good today we are on our
way like I said to a music video so it's
my music video your boy is doing music
the song is called out of my hair as you
see the mop on my hair it's inspired by
that yeah lots of stuff to do lots of
people to meet we got a 12-hour day on
wrapping up around midnight so Brendon
if you could take camp for me let's get
started nothing makes me happier then
the first thing that I see when I come
into the studio so as the title of this
video says anyways though I'm dropping a
lot because we're building set like
currently they're building a bath hi
everybody
oh and down to that every question
they're building a bathroom over here we
got like a living water drop right here
hey so that's a window and like I said
this is the living bro we got dinosaur
expert but this is a Tyrannosaurus Rex
you can tell cuz it's tiny our
registrars Rex's are actually known for
having a hard time masturbating on the
wall back here this is not real this is
almost all fake it's everything these
weapons are so you got a mallet right
no it's but god bless it looks real
welcome to Hollywood
tree tree inside kitchen over here our
director Eli and then a bedroom gonna
get sexy in there you can see all the
candles and stuff yeah definitely going
down for sure all right so that is a
special thing right there that is a rain
machine we are going to make it rain
indoor I'm not talking some gangster
rats
like money no actual precipitation
clouds cumulus Miho is helping with hair
and makeup you got a big responsibility
mio because he was called out of my hair
it's all about this freakin mop on my
head I look good me this is no joke it's
just tough cause like when you're always
perfect you know what else can you do oh
I'm such a jock sexy Hugh have their
recipes by the way here I won't let you
down brother this is the movie I mean
like look do I really need to put it on
to be sexy again what can you do in your
perfect I'm kidding it's a joke it's a
joke ROM ugly is it the first scene Oh
let's get sexy this is proof bro I'm not
perfect every day I try to be but I'm
just not currently you're just talking
about how Kong is on my buddies are
amazing but what is on my eyes oh I
definitely feel more hands
the problem is I'm like what what is
this like what's happening yo you guys
are making me nervous it makes me dirt
my hair is like it's the whole point of
this video like out of my hair I have
knots in my hair mijo that's because I'm
very open about my extra charge today I
just can't get you I just can't get you
out of this by the way not gonna let you
listen to the whole song just yet it's
like little Clips here and I'm a blue
ball you first year have to wait for the
music video bruh oh yeah look at the
hair nice and fluffy bro if and he wants
to make a song about their hair it's
gotta be the only one dumb and dumb
enough okay okay yo enough of this petty
game stuff it's time to introduce you
guys to our lead female she's dope you
know who she is I said this in
yesterday's vlog by the way if you're
not subscribed subscribe anyways our
lead female she's amazing she's
incredibly talented no no she's playing
she's playing a joke to be funny for the
vlog you know I told her to do this
right cool I'll see you on set yo it's
crazy Shay Mitchell did the same thing
never help me help you shit I walked in
and she's like who are you like guys you
know me bro it's my music with you come
on stop that's Paul Logan it's PI you
don't know me
apparently no one knows me I guess is
just kind of awkward cuz my first scene
today is with Bella having an awkward
thing I'm from Ohio okay that was cool
here's something else that's going down
okay guys so this is Haley yo so Haley's
not actually bald there's hair no this
can't believe it I don't I don't believe
ya I don't actually I'm looking at my
weight she went back to be bald what's
the profit lies ahead white because
nothing's been painted yet you're
painting skin on her head gonna paint
the colors just like anything else
technology 2017 Haley is playing one of
the girls in the music video
she's girl number two come and check on
you in a little bit yeah I did I did
write it as hot girl - hey no you're hot
girl 3 it's on the call sheet they've
taken what's wrong the views and the
clout and the answer I'm finally a
little pop tag hey guys little pop tag
you look comfortable in your Gucci
slippers not better than mine Watney me
on set all right
great I'm gonna start a music video
today I think it's good to see you again
wardrobe change
see you bro you and your hair showing up
in my cell by my yeah that's cool cool
that's hey Li Po Bailey guys obviously
I'm joking about Frankie kids day he
just got some dope-ass hair no I'm not
just gonna talk Tommy show me if you I'm
gonna hit you with the lyric in the song
on a blow-dry and brush it you just
wanna so this actually is perfect and on
today's episode of there's nothing left
to spend your money on we're here with
the local okay wow you guys saw it this
morning they lit it up and it's frickin
you're going to location number two
where cars are here yeah okay listen
it's the cool bus and we'll go ahead
it's next May
destroyed a car I ran into a car
yesterday back right up and I made a
mistake I actually need the Yeti for
this shot so Frank is driving the cool
bus back to break is the funny guy yeah
back to set now here go second location
is sick by the way I want to point out I
love you so earlier Bella my girls
don't dance moves don't purr sweatshirt
yo it is the first time the Yeti is
about to be next to the cool bus is a
lethal combo bro like what's gonna
happen unicorns are born all war is
ended this video gets a billion views yo
I'm not ready the world they ready cool
bus Bella Thorne wants it for her
birthday that's my gift to you Bella
starting a bleep bro yo I have a fleet
like I'm not even kidding guys very real
life no gang we're doing good so far
let's keep this up it's getting real
Jaime are the extras we have 30 of them
a lot of people a lot of people yo these
guys over here there's a security guard
I don't know if they're extras though
like that shit right there might be my
ass let's find out are you guys like a
real security guards like we did good go
with the cast okay so we have a few
shots to do here one is with the yeah
not gonna lie though guys it's getting
late with these music video shoots we're
running out of time there's so many
things to shoot whoa you guys got the
same hair that's amazing what you have a
second yeah for sure yeah we're running
out of time I want to see what the skin
future looks like
yeah no iPhones don't exist we just use
our pinky and thumb what's up technology
hello yo all jokes aside our league
girls are bad like bad in a good way
like they're huh yo lookin lucky boy 1
billion views I said to myself how I'm
gonna make this more after so I brought
a giant fan it's abandoned it's giant
take the glass that's not my brand
let's go apparently likes to eat gold
with diamonds no you're good you good
same same just no okay what a weird way
to end the vlog gang it's late it's
12:30 a.m. my girls are still here their
grind and their truck stop it just bro
yo this videos gonna be absolutely
hilarious look I'm right like - dude
people don't wear this in real life we
still have an hour left I'm gonna send
my man Brendan home Brendan go to sleep
boom it's time for bed go to sleep
do not forget guys you have 24 hours
left to buy merch to be entered in the
contest to have your name embroidered
inside of the cool button I'm flying two
of you out here to come take a ride in
it with me hop your maverick merch the
hottest merch in the game we are
changing the world every single day and
hard following our passions when they go
right we go letter before maybe Logan
pause icon slash shop or Libyan
description if you're not a part of the
Logan make sure to subscribe I love you
and I will see you tomorrow take it easy
man
