holy poor mr. big - I'm so excited I
could I could throw a plate in my face
today is my big day I'm sorry I lost my
cool there for a second don't worry
about the way Kong it's fine okay guys
so let me explain one of the merch
you've never seen this much perform abut
you bet you've never seen oh that is
right guys today is a big murse drop but
it's centered around something even
bigger the cool bus yes the day today's
it we are getting back the cool bus I
was like yo we should pair it don't
merge shop with the cool bus make it all
out with Scotts myself make it all one
same thing basically if you buy some of
the new merch which is right here I'll
show it in a sec but if you buy the new
merch in the next 48 hours I'm going to
embroider and put 10 of your names on
the cool bus and lie who of you out here
to take a ride knit with me oh my gosh
you're burnin I'm losing it bro are you
good no you know why I've waited so long
to get this bus back like you know why
in a while you know the og low gangsters
you remember the day we got no no oh my
god
yo we have to go down this we're going
in the bus guys oh my god it was so cool
I've had so many memories you guys
remember when I found the homeless guy
sleeping in there's a guy in it what
yeah there's a guy in my bus what are
you doing get the fuck out oh this is
crazy this is crazy bro then we dropped
it off in West Coast Customs so they
could deck it out
just like I bought a lot of things right
I bought grills a st. Paul arm it's my
last name say I bought a gold diamond
maverick pendants so I see I've never
been able to get this I got a list ah
I've never been able to get this
creative with a perch the whole thing
it's customized just to be an awesome
vehicle for just freaking awesomest
anyways the merge drop okay this is one
the navy blue maverick hoodie add it to
your collection
these things are classic staple of the
bread the map when they go right we go
left we see life through the lens of
possibility we chase our goal were a
little bit different and that's what
makes us special my man brendan is
rocking to be a maverick on the show
yeah he personally today is I feel like
that's what we're doing the brand new
dent the unis your boy was born in 1995
designed by rule-breakers and that is if
that's not big enough
your boys going on how funny is Frank
the funny guy huh yeah yeah weirder and
weirder every day okay yo man we got a
cool bus to pick up we got Jimmy Kimmel
the beyond tonight oh and one more thing
hi one more piece of merchants it just
came in to my female Mavericks out there
okay y'all nobody get the merger logo
bought that calm slash shop or link in
description let's go pick up this cool
bus i'm so this is crazy I'm more
anxious to see the cool bus than I am
come on freaking
the television today Oh swear to God
like the last time I felt like this I
think I was in eighth grade and I was
waiting to get a MacBook Pro for
Christmas let me just say this ain't no
MacBook Pro oh my goodness don't scream
too much I'm like a little girl who just
got her first Cabbage Patch doll girl
I'm like a homeless guy who just got his
dentures back yo yo I can't believe what
I'm looking at right now I am oh my god
yo I can't I can't believe this this
bikes on the road oh Sh
oh no we plug your baby Logan pause icon
slash shut up
plug the merge gotta get the merge row
I know we've just scratched the surface
bro yeah this is nothing I mean this is
now this is something this is something
oh my god it is the iron bull iron post
this is just a party punch like speakers
on the top plate
you got a plop oh my god
hold on just just one second oh my god
oh my god yo this is this has got to be
illegal dance illegal because it hurts
people's feelings you know what I call
these neck breaker
Oh for real
right party but that's a wrap party well
I don't hold damn damn told you y'all do
y'all did it this is a very real moment
of my life
future Logan this is a very real moment
when I got you i promise i give you the
craziest life ever this is this is part
of that okay I love you yeah lights
changing colored lights you're right
subs wrong song and it's comfortable
rights so comfortable our boys that love
sack really hooked us up yo I love fact
I love love Zach look at the ceiling
right now any show mal time those are
that is that is electric glass that is
smart glass well brick in with with the
press of a button
we got the Marika's where the shit broke
yeah and boo along the wall we kind of
microwave it's actually so easy to get
up here yeah you're sitting in the
perfect spot right now I am so excited
to see how many people fall off this and
how many lawsuits I get falls off my bus
breaks skull dies all these subscribers
good a love game money
got to go on accumulator I gotta go I
don't want to die in the road trips
where we going in a cab on the road
right there we go bro yo comment below
where you live we're coming to you Oh
y'all thought we were playing nope
we put a hammock on the inside I got
here the music bro you got any of the
inside music I'm actually nervous to
this way look at this well we need their
legs
I don't have a lot of time right now I
have to like literally go right to Jimmy
Kimmel manager Jeff is yelling at me how
much time do we have Lydia so we're
already late to see this thing go from
conceptualization like about four months
ago Ryan the designer and I sat down we
talked about what we wanted to get done
so many ideas so many things we talked
about how this could become the coolest
bus on planet earth I'm sketching the
bus then seeing it come to life when I
would visit the shop and then now today
looking at this route but I got one
personally thank you rob like like you
have blown my mind Ryan come on man I
gotta go to Jimmy Kim West Coast Customs
you've done it again
oh my god I'm driving the cool bus for
the first time this is insane Jimmy
Kimmel Pro I'm sorry if I'm late to show
I know you watch my blogs I know you're
in the logo we did it again bro the low
gang stuff this is a good time to remind
you if you buy merch any merch it
doesn't even have to be the new stuff in
the next 48 hours I am going to pick ten
of you to put your name somewhere on the
cool bus and fly two of you out here to
take a ride in it with me tour go grow
you know I should look it up you fall
back on slash shop next to the spikes
trust me this is gonna be a fun one bro
I'd be pissed if you didn't yeah yo yo
Frank I don't want to cut this short but
we do have to go do you know the Jimmy
Kimmel show Jimmy found with
yo they put it wrong it's supposed to be
Paul Logan such good lesson I say it
often I really I do I say it's my Big
Bang often but today is actually my big
day I just expelled so much energy just
freaking out over the cool bus gonna
take this next hour to get ready get
dressed look sexy get your energy back
get my energy back row just like just
like decompress and then get ready but
you got to be Logan Paul in this
showroom no I know I gotta bring it dog
time to get sexy damn I look like a
teacher I don't like looking like an
adult
I don't want it so stop job this was
your idea bro I look like I'm gonna dog
yo I hate my mom proud bro that means
I'm doing a doll stuff so she knows oh
it's your big day are you proud of me
Mom hey Dad dad the man show other oh
it's an old people joke it so don't
worry about a look all right Daniel see
you later okay it's your big day but
what's counting on you YouTube's comment
kong is here he's counting on you just a
little pre Kimble speech I just like I
feel like the best man you know at my
own wedding it's kind of weird but man
I'm just you know I'm gonna go out there
and you're Logan you know me man I'm
gonna represent what make you guys proud
I'm gonna make youtube proud I'm a
coming there representing the Internet
don't worry Internet I got you
please welcome Logan Paul
good
did anyone notice anything when I walked
out anyone at all fly was down no so
during one of the like when they were
playing the keys to the honey and one
person the Audis look
yes fuck that getting an uber manager
who's this guy Jimmy hilarious Jimmy's
like a muscle it pushes you great this
content entertainment underbite brighter
than my future he will swallow you with
his bottom lip
with the Maverick you got another
password and it rhymes with mo gang you
got it huh gang I wouldn't want to be
post Jimmy Kimmel show any other way
than this right now it's just the vibes
are so good your favorite thing the plug
on the Wheels link in the wheels link in
the way get your merge link in the wheel
I'm talking diesel you already know a
cut that diesel stick it on in there
okay so like I said guys today is a busy
day we're not even done yet you're like
I want to watch my segment on Kimmel
tonight but right now we have to go to
the set for tomorrow's music video shoes
right baby remember I said your boys
getting into music like I'm not a singer
but imma make some burgers we got a two
days shoot our our lead female is
actually a big star hundred percent you
guys know she is last music video we got
Shay Mitchell and this one same thing
just an absolute beauty a talented
female Oh she'll be fun but what though
this is hilarious a grain don't static
day I know what you're wondering Logan
what you were this is a jerk vest we are
practicing a stunt for the music video
and I gotta save it bro for now it's kid
a little sneak peek all right so now I'm
in George's house pretty lady hi buddy
hey why I'm very proud of you thanks
George you wanna push play
probably one of the best days of my life
finally I get to watch myself on Jimmy
Kimmel yo-yo like a gentleman wanna
judge bro
I actually sought you out and asked to
have you on the show because I feel like
you suddenly have dominated my computer
like I see you popping up everywhere
yeah thank you
during that break is where I zipped my
fly up it was like that was a crisis for
a second the best advice I've ever
received ever holy Sh oh okay low gay
long blog fun blog this was a fun one
for me bro thank you for giving me your
cable man cool bus we got it do not
forget if you buy merch in the next 48
hours I want to put 10 of your names in
the cool bus and fly two of you out here
to come take a ride in it with me bro
how does merch from the game looking
Paul that calm slash shop or link in
description if you're not a part of the
low game make sure to subscribe we are
slowly but surely taking over the
Internet I love you all
today's episode of there's nothing left
to spend money on here we are
