notice the seasoned dishes knows we're
not recording you ignore that giant
camera no it's not recording yo good
morning lo gang what no so I got this
like dirt road deep gravel voice low
gang I think I'm getting sick Logan what
are you wearing a bro I've been waiting
for this vlog for some time now check
out that new the metallic chrome
maverick it looks so fresh and when we
take it off we got this sure you saw
yesterday yeah maverick much baby we are
innovating the game we are lighten up
lighten up the world
anyways yo the Mavericks man we see life
through the lens of possibility and
today we are doing a new merge drop also
just drop these brand new low game phone
cases never seen before so that's
exciting but that's not the reason I'm
like fully excited by the way good
morning good catch I think we got my man
Franco can we get a little preview Frank
we got a little some wins going north
just full of talented branding quick
question am i bleeding from here bro a
little bit yeah I cut myself shaving
anyway wow what gang are you ever in a
position where like you know someone
really messed up and you just are so
excited to like call them out for it
yeah a little the time do exactly brows
speaking of cutest puppies ever done
edible I don't think yeah edible anyways
that's what this vlog is bro we are
gonna call someone out actually multiple
people who stuff so hard I'm like
legal level and a moral level judging by
the title of this video you probably
already know what it is but we do have
one thing to do first as you guys know a
while ago I bought a school bus I'm not
actually on the phone I just wanted to
plug the phone case anyways I bought a
school bus and I named it the cool bus
cuz it's the coolest school bus on the
road and then I dropped it off at West
Coast custom they are currently decking
it out they wanted me to come in today
to check on the progress that's what
we're doing broke hey Brendon Brendon
what get ready okay where's you got me
bro I printed out some samples oh my oh
my goodness so the entire bus is gonna
be wrapped in this like blue green like
iridescent color that's the color right
yeah great yellow colorblind yet cool
obviously the Maverick logo right here
smack that y'all saw it last time and I
promise you the next time you see it
it's gonna be even crazier the bamboo
vibes oh we don't want to show too much
yeah you're right you're right okay how
many speakers did you say you're gonna
be in the area plus I don't want to give
it away it's gotta be a surprise how's
it coming together cool but no I'm
music so I know what he's doing everyone
just call job okay good stuff anyways I
think your shower leg sings or something
that's weird
yeah you just fill your water you just
said my shower sings that wasn't you
prank you don't have to check you have
sort of your sense why you we're gonna
check now Frank it's okay I'm gonna fix
it it's weird yeah he's an interesting
one for sure yo you know what I know why
ever not brought this up yet look who
came to town bro it's my dad I love you
maverick pendant savage t-shirt maverick
cat you look good in my numerator those
actually mine so haha I still hear my
shower singing bro
Frank I'm gonna turn my head and see
your P be able to go I know with you why
this is a dumb joke you made ruining my
long time oh whoa not exactly that's my
friend Lydia calm down Frank we like
your hair Frank is not good number six
tell Frank he's cute right when he wakes
up bro can you do that I wasn't with you
when you will come though I don't even I
don't even like your night in that queue
bro back to the Rio vlog it's like time
to expose some people I need some help
with that my man ever brah are you down
to expose some people with me bro I
always look at whether the Rolex was
sitting in the laundry my hair is soft
but you don't see me in your laundry
know what I'm gonna forgive you
we're gonna go expose some people dab on
them haters y'all so guys we are in
Venice Beach what I'm about to say
doesn't make sense like I could not make
this over the past two months literally
two months I have been collecting tweets
that you guys have been tweeting at me
at Logan Paul yeah basically I never
thought I would be making this vlog or
even have to like say what I'm about to
say the Maverick merch has gotten so
popular people are literally stealing
our designs putting them
their stores and making a profit off of
me if I find y'all you upped it and
that's exactly what we're here to do
today I've been saying this it's a
movement it's a revolution this logo is
like seeing life through the lens of
possibility people who are working hard
to chase their dreams and apparently
it's gotten so big
literally commercial retail stores are
using me it pisses me off like look at
that here's a tweet been looking all
over for at Logan Paul merch but all I
found was this shady merch that's that's
a great way to describe it awesome you
notice my brother's merchants in there
too why has the commercial world decided
to just steal our oh yeah cuz we're lit
hey Logan Paul found these mm all theirs
if you look closely there's the maverick
logos there's the lo gang there's the
Sabbath looking for more from the same
store here in Clearwater
hashtag fake maverick merch I don't even
know where clear water is but look it's
the savage logo how did the merch get in
a store all the way in Florida
adjectives in public I don't I don't
know I could wish I could answer the
question oh my gosh why they are sale
maverick merch there's the golden
maverick in the you good bro survey bro
like well I like take the survey
yourself don't okay my guys losing my
cool I'm fake maverick merging with
Scott win-win concert no I was in Ocean
City Maryland oh you're from Maryland
it's your big day and I was thinking it
was real Mercer and I bought a hoodie
and and I walked out they told me it was
Nick Oh what is Nick coughs an Francisco
Delaware another Wisconsin New York
State Fair Old Orchard Beach Maine
Seaside Heights New Jersey I could go on
and on bro go on and on bro and and the
worst part bro they're doing it here in
Venice Beach in my home state of
California I'm from Ohio but I currently
live in California yo shut the front
door
here's where this is an issue that come
here like okay they're recreating the
logo obviously we know it's the dopest
of mankind but our quality I spent
months trying to find the company that
could produce the quality that this is
okay what do you see that's what I'm
saying
so he gets confused cuz he thinks it's a
pill - no it's merch bro it's fire Oh
so today we are gonna find these people
they're killer not okay not gonna kill
him we're just gonna call mom what bro
like this is my merch what do you do
obviously though I have to come up with
the disguise so I brought just the thing
guys up to the sky separate no no it's
not the disguise yet guys perfect this
guy it's not in disguise your guy
mustache yeah I got you - Oh trust me
no one's gonna know that I am Jake
Paul's brother okay I Logan pop I gotta
say I've never worn a better disguise in
this like obviously you have no idea who
I am you have no idea who this is like
who is that dwarf Mamba Edward a long
cock I don't think so also I had Lydia
print out these notice to cease and
desist maverick notice to cease and
desist dear infringer basically blah
blah blah blah blah legal legal I'm
gonna sue you you have to take down my
merch nobody makes money off of me
except me and my boys in the fellow low
gang let's do this so we're just walking
down the boardwalk here trying to find
our first culprit look I get it guys you
want to make money it's just like don't
disrespect the brand bro we all you're
changing the world
hey we should pop in with each other put
any design you like on your shirt do you
uh do you see this logo anywhere in here
we can make it no no it's all good
you're in the clear that guy was a good
guy I could tell in his eyes have you
seen this logo anywhere
you're a good lady I can I can see in
your eyes what you say alright are you
famous something no not at all no yeah
this is totally working well it's just
totally working I feel like I'm getting
warmer this is a bit of a treasure hunt
one come on oh yo who's owner of the
store bingo brother behind me
are you the owner this going why are you
selling this logo like you own it I know
this guy in YouTube he does just dope
brands called maverick and I see one of
them up there and I'm like yo that's not
the real maverick brands come here I'm
gonna show you what's that bro it's a
design no it's not a design it's the
brand bro are you good bro I'm good I'm
gonna need you to stop selling my merch
at your shop like you own it like this
is illegal so I'm just gonna go ahead
and throw this up here notice to see
some dishes no we're not recording you
ignore that giant camera no it's not
recording good session I'm not wearing a
mustache no it's not she's cute this is
gonna be hard the stock ah damn it she's
cute interesting I'll use a shop owner
no I have bad news you're conducting
illegal activities I mean all right go
ahead so we are we are gonna have to
place a few cease-and-desist here it's
just that what sure I'll save it for
later the issue is you guys are selling
my logo you know like yours and I don't
know how to say that it's not it's mine
so can I talk to the shop owners here
there's a shop owner can I talk to you
outside for a sec hi Logan nice to meet
you walk by your stop I'm just trying to
like you know be a good person and I see
you guys are selling my merch like it's
yours you know and like I get it it
sounded like a god Church but you just
can't do it take it off like it was a
like if you're taking off like I'm
chilly oh dude thank you bro appreciate
it okay so this is going alright there's
not that many shops stealing maverick
merch in Cali kind of sucks that our
disguises fell off but I always come
prepared bro your boys got some
sideburns it does not get more of much
realistic in this damn them I look good
you can't know where him hi how are you
so I came to infiltrate the dealer and
find the supply who's your supplier hi I
came to infiltrate the dealer and find
the supply who's your supplier he's not
here
alright I'm gonna go find it and
infiltrate infiltrate the dealer find
the supply that I'm gonna be honest bro
I don't know I don't know why you're
taking a picture
are you the supply you have to supply
are you the supplier you're not the
supplier I'm from Ohio
he's gonna grow are you the supply
you're not the supply I'm from Ohio
I've come to infiltrate the dealer and
find the supply where is the supply
where's the supply the supply of the
Maverick March oh don't play dumb I know
your tricks don't take this offensively
but this shop smells suspicious you
don't even have to go to Logan Paul back
on slash shop I'm gonna put that right
here bro you owe me a hundred percent
commission oh that's all I'm asking yo
see this is what I'm saying oh look at
the blank hoodie up there dude if the
new drop we slap the chrome Maverick on
it this is us dude every second of time
that passes I get more suspicious I use
the supply for the Maverick Lori I'm
from Ohio and my merch is selling like a
god Church just went to think of my
phone and my beard is just chillin on
the logo
it's me Logan it's been me Logan all
along guys yo I think we did our due
diligence today like I mean like some
people states I need to attack bro
Wisconsin New Jersey Delaware Maryland
Maryland is appointed you right now get
just now right so I had to come down oh
no no but in all honesty guys I'm not
mad I just okay but let's be honest I
need a vlog content from I do this every
day but yeah also don't don't don't try
to make money off of me don't do that
okay I think it's time to go home do you
want to hold hands and skip off into the
distance okay that is the vlog I'm
excited about this drop rolling raise
the low again never merge baby to the
top and it and I'm approaching my one
year of laga ver siree on September 12th
I will have been vlogging every day for
a year every day bro it just gets better
and better we're gonna have an exclusive
piece of content for that as well so get
ready for that you can get this stuff as
you know Logan Paul Keim slash shop or
link in description I said I will see
you tomorrow you know I just like let's
get deep for a second I'm feeling good
right now and I'm just thankful I'm
blessed man I'm glad to have you guys in
my life and I know I say this a lot but
I actually mean it when I say yeah for
life yeah I love you and I will see you
tomorrow take it easy man babe you're
not a part of the log a picture to this
guard
oh sorry sorry I'm not a bad person I'm
just a vlogger
which might be a version of a bad person
I don't know
