I'm glad you brought me here to remind
me that I'm a door from the world's not
made for doors hold on no that's not
where okay I'm just chilling with these
glasses on no prescription but they look
good no for real though yeah hey buddy
Oh cuz I'm Hollywood oh the doorbell
right I'll be right back I'll be right
back
yo so if you guys remember I went to
Burning Man this past weekend yeah how
come I'm throwing you in the vlog sir
just give me one sec went there with a
friend of mine his name is free anyways
he just got back from Burning Man he
needed a place to stay like he literally
just got back so I said he could stay
with me let's set up the frame no no bro
Oh Frank my man's you're a mess you
can't drop it's a part of you now bro
times we have to like those things no
he's not a hobo he's my friend no even
he trusts me he's not I can't kick him
out I can't he's my boy I have his back
okay saying what's up to Maverick right
now I'm gonna go check on a make sure
he's okay Louis Allen what's he gonna do
I don't know let's take it easy on him
maverick you just came back for an
office
broke nut mountaintop you European a
knotty one do it you know I didn't
that's why I was recording of course I
knew it Kong no we just gave you a bath
yesterday so you didn't have to hump
that buddy you're sexy now look at that
booty you don't have to have this
stuffed animal this is getting
ridiculous man here Kong make sweet love
and he's off no no Kong you're
embarrassing me on all of you too buddy
I just don't get it look at this thing
this is what you're dealing with right
now you're telling me you can't do
better than this this is disgusting
I need to get this dog a girlfriend or
something oh my god you know what I just
realized is exactly like me like single
and desperate the only difference is
I've never been caught humping my own
pillow how you doing
just kidding so Frank and I are about to
go work out right now okay how do you
want to work out with us or what are you
are you eating sushi okay okay hey Frank
you look good friend as you all know it
is Labor Day meaning we are going to
labor on Labor Day I feel good right now
I feel warmed up energetic oh not to
mention my boys playing ping pong but
with an apple you're a man of many
talents Frank I appreciate and respect
you yep
oh damn Wow all right too much of I'm
branded from Burning Man bro I will say
bro my man Frank was reppin the other
savage maverick merch t-shirt in the gym
check this out that's not song it's a
savage min is the real deal
I'm here to verify baby it's all about
that hard work baby that's symbol right
there that's what it's all about denting
the universe making yourself better
every single day seven just got back she
was nice enough to grab some food thank
you I will say I have bad news you
stopped me so Lydia was doing some stuff
today in the storage room she was do you
want to can you go in there for me real
quick I don't know he's you're scared
about there's nothing to be scared about
this guy come yeah I'll go in no you're
fine oh wait what's wrong
wait can you not why not I have no idea
that seems weird I thought doors were
supposed to
I remember in class in physics the door
forward motion yes equals open door yeah
it's a big this is a weird yeah I said
we set up a time lapse and watch Lydia
try to fix this making any progress
Lydia this time-lapse is really killing
it yeah I found our one what is it what
is it it's that stupid picture of you oh
so it's your fault
hold up that's a sexy picture bro so
look it's indirectly my fault cuz I put
it there at least let me film it Birds
goddammit I'm gonna make a long story
short pun intended I touch Devin he said
don't touch me so don't touch him some
more and then he pushed me
and a bro look out awkward and lonely
this life oh look he's such a bitch
though what what did you about yeah you
let him door push you slam here to
Atlanta
guys if you don't know this Evans a
freaking brick he's strong dude
yeah it's jail today just overall
disaster bro we even get a camera man
like that lab was like 4 grand what that
lamp was 4 grand light Mir I like my
life I like my life's like I like my
woman for grad Frank looks like Oh bitch
from I'm not gonna do it
hi Alexa this is for go-karting
ok I just have a question I have a
friend who's like he's on the likes like
another dwarf he's a dwarf and I was
wondering if what the height
requirements are to go go-karting 50
inches I will see it a little bit I
can't wait I can't wait on Wednesday as
I told you guys we're dropping some
supers there's just water the pace
oh this is one of them I had to put it
on bro so in two days we ready to cop
that new maverick baby link in
description love driving with Evan bro
everybody except you Brendan that that
is the highway oh my goodness
how fast are you even going how a
hundred and eighty that's wierd Logan
that piece of metal isn't supposed to be
in your spleen how does that happen
oh I let my dwarf friend drive my car
and we flipped it eight times sure would
be dead in that case my clients opinion
I think you're the closest thing there
is to a god and I don't think you're
ever gonna die oh my god we are very
blasphemous if you're religious if
you're religious you should start
worshipping Evan I'm not saying you're
God I'm saying you're your RA God
Oh bro I just realized how much I'm
gonna beat your ass in go-karting I
think you some practicing because you
make me drive we're looking for Alexa
she's the one who told us every good
Drive we're just gonna double-check your
Alexa look there's my friend he's 50
inches I don't know about this girl oh
they don't let Evan Drive I'm gonna
subscribe from Jake roughy for Mother's
seven doors no I want him to be happy
door I just want to say the whole 50
inches thing is not like a safety thing
it's just so you can sign in to get it
out 50 inches according to this your
name is 60 that's my name in Greek cuz
you're a god yeah yes so there's not
like a lot that I do for my boys but
Evan is one of my boys so like I'll do
this for him
this is what friendship looks like it's
getting a little practice in before we
race we came a little early oh my gosh
look at the Lambo you're not getting a
Lambo now no definitely not not the move
in real life but right now
yo this is crazy probably just like real
life but not at all actually when I took
my driver's test you took your driver's
test yeah that's why you can't try
having out for a row sometimes this
isn't about speed can I teach you
something about racing bridges but you
got to know when it comes to racing you
just got a win
anyways guys we are have been waiting on
some of our friends I think I think you
know this person oh yeah you you've
definitely met this girl before well
well well if it isn't Chloe Bennet
inside so crazy i we're into the beer
both together here now how do we keep
ending up in the same place by accident
so crazy anyway I haven't told you this
low gang but I'm really good he's like
weird-ass arcade game this one right
here especially the claw the claw game
yo I'm a beast at it bro nobody ever
wins the throw I'm not I'm a YouTube guy
bro
you think you can beat me I know how
much do you know you can beat me I know
about 80% much knowledge I know it's
really not that much with that 80% make
you willing to take a bet for one rack
I'm talking 1g $1000 doing I'm this race
yeah what I'm saying let's go dwarf
Mambo damn Evans not that tall he's got
some big balls bro cuz I'm a racing a
Ledge bro
it stands for legend reminds me of my
football days every tackle you get a
little bit more stupid
going down
coming first but look at number three
always looks shot I think I won wrong I
think I wanted that wait Rolex at least
bro you know what keep rolling keep the
roll it it can't fit my wrist there's no
point in me taking it how did you guys
find me I post on my snapchat I was here
that's your own fault
stop look they brought me plates Oh
first time look at these cameras wrong
Brooke I'm a vlogger go or what they
brought me these plates how was Burning
Man I think you guys know it she brought
me this little plate for Evan this is
recipes over hold on no that's not why
okay sorta is listen Bob your YouTube
channels blown up right you got all
these new subscribers bro you're almost
at a million yeah we getting a little
cocky bro with that new Rollie and the
new way for subscribers broke my numbers
are growing and I was hoping my height
was gonna grow too with it it just it's
not how works bro so I brought you here
to Humble you bro I had to do it to my
brother with the diss track so today bro
it's just like you know how it is you
owe me $1,000 see that's the thing I
don't think I do cuz that was including
that fair like tomato tomahto - potato
potato yummy doesn't know is you know
how this door of Tolbert sees that same
suppose - lets me skew okay guys we are
back home Devin I have something for you
brought some little gangsters gave it to
me some get off me now
okay thanks check it out bro a little
plate for you to break why'd you say it
best if you sopra I don't know that's
ricin oh she's kidding everyone and
everything
this house thrives okay now let's break
these plates yet another scratch in the
cabinet not even kidding these are
probably gonna cost me $20,000 when I
move out anyway okay that is the vlog if
you're not part of this family make sure
you subscribe okay ref your matter merch
I see you guys wearing in real life
frickin words my heart bro Logan Paul
top slash shop link in description big
drop coming in tomorrow's vlog I'm
excited ever you want to do the sign off
and go for it bro take it easy fam peace
