oh that's gonna love it his door shut
okay what's poppin I'm being quiet cuz
Kong is really weird
hey buddy we gotta get you a real
girlfriend yeah what did you do gross
oh no let go no no no you do your thing
we'll get back to you later
you stop and look what is what you got
em macaroni and cheese yeah Evan did you
put this here
but what oh no I need you didn't put
that there
I mean I can't even reach that first off
it's just kind of weird I'm good I'm
good oh that over there yeah I got I got
Evans watch appraised
Ashley you guys remember I bought Evan
the Rolex well I had it appraised which
means I got the actual value of it worry
about it later anyways men's rolex
submariner watch right there
oh that's just estimated Mr set
comparison $30,000 oh I was about to go
into Evans room and show him and I
looked to my left what is he good girl
why do you why did you send the watch
out here is this not good not like
bright like I thought it was $20,000 and
apparently it's about 30,000 broke hello
no oh my what he loves his video games
no cars time to show you there's your
watch yeah estimated and there's our
feet comparison oh yeah bro so what
yeah cuz it's diamonds it's expensive
there are kids in Africa anywhere okay
okay let's talk to Dueling number one
one year vlog over Surrey yeah coming up
on September 12 I will have been
vlogging for one year baby 365 days
straight which is in I think ten days
what also my brother's been saying it he
wants and thinks he's gonna be the first
channel to hit 12 million subscribers in
12 months we're at like 11 point one and
we have 10 days to go we could do it
like we could definitely do it it's
gonna be tough I will say Jake you had
200,000 subscribers before you started
vlogging I'm just saying it I'm just
saying anyway she's killing it I'm
killing up all mothers hahaha so for
some reason if you're watching any not
part of the low game subscriber oh we
are making history bro the fastest
YouTube channel to grow and hit 10
million also be dropping an exclusive
awesome amazing piece of merch on that
day and some other stuff in about four
days or so keep an eye out for that okay
number two com2 yeah so while he was
doing good way look at that tone bro
like dog his tongue is unreal that's not
real bro while he was uh getting it on I
guess you're gonna call it this morning
um yo he was going too hard I don't know
like you know some people when there's
like sexy time they like to like buy it
and stuff like if you don't know that
some people do that try not say that I
know his comas going too hard he must be
like bitey or something I lost a tooth
well that thing that is Kong's tooth his
actual tooth that fell out this morning
buddy you know what this means right we
got a the Kong tooth the doggy tooth
fairy bro so Kong how this is gonna work
is we're gonna put this under your
pillow and then you're gonna go to sleep
and then when you wake up the doggy
Tooth Fairy will have come and giving
you like a gift or money or something
needless to say Kong it's your baby I
don't
so coms a bit tired he's been running
around a lot while he sleeps kind in the
mood for like frozen juice it's like
frozen yogurt but juice right check it
out bro food your juice I think it's
breeze that makes sense this is
healthier than ice cream yeah
I think same frozen yogurt yeah my jam
no this is your freeze crazy yo so I
don't know where most of you guys are
from but in LA right now it is so hot
this has got to be breaded what do you
think the hot hasn't been here yet oh
yeah guys it's like a hundred like you
the other day was 110 like you guys know
this broiling um at all times out here
but like at this current moment I'm in
here bro like inside of my house because
there's too damn hot outside I will say
bro it looks like the Tooth Fairy came
there's something under kazekage do well
we got what is heavy
wait what everyone what are you doing
bro a solitude so you just one under my
dog's bed yeah I want to see what it was
you're not the tooth fairy no I'm a nerd
oh okay well can you leave the tooth at
least watch out there's a cage there can
I please get the tooth brother you
robbed Kong of a potential gift from the
tooth fairy for my collection
dude what collection what it's pretty
serious collection Steve are they your
teeth or dog's teeth this is this is
ridiculous really just give me the tooth
did you order food local pulse I won't
believe that out cuz no free brand deals
Brendan are you hungry
yes oh damn oh man no - I'm about to
order food any SantaCon just watching
some tagging instead of ignored me I
didn't know you I was keep taking teeth
from my dog never listen to me you never
what if he eats it and for some like
miraculous reason grows like 3 feet that
would be amazing
party's over you steal again if you
don't believe me my friend has something
to say I'll call the police I know a guy
I'm still all your girls okay so you're
like yeah yeah I'll catch your wires
have seen do it hey kiss my wife I also
got a pregnant well if I didn't know
that that's too far bro my wife pregnant
bro shady Evan your eyes don't came out
of her progress like I do is possible
you impregnated my wife it was like one
night I thought a portal hold on I don't
even have a wife Brendan and I said
we're gonna go get some food ourselves
but look what we're bringing the
official candid teaser of the official
candid t-shirt with the golden maverick
and the logo they say it's the worst
signature in Hollywood I don't think
it's
that bad it's pretty bad what skew
Brendon anyways if we see someone in the
logo god oh just launch the cannon at
them yeah I think I see some low
gangsters remember guys the only way to
get one of these is if I fire it at you
remember there's only 50 of them three
two one remember guys in like four days
or dropping some new stuff is going to
be I guess I still AM hey go guys what
two for two but anyways yeah guys four
days Logan Paul calm /op the Maverick
merch to low gang merged we're gonna be
amping it up these next two months man
if you haven't copped it already go to
the site link in description join the
movement baby it's all about being
Mavericks being different bro that's how
you make waves in the world
let's effing go so we're getting some
food right now and I don't know about
you guys but when I see pictures of the
food like that that's that's what I'm
gonna get because I see with my eyes it
looks good and I don't depth this is why
bro it looks exactly like the picture I
know exactly what I'm getting at you
anyways um Evan I know you're part of
the low gang I know you watch my vlogs
no we don't need your stinkin food I got
my own food Brendan got a salad we
chillin raw as we're at the pet store
I'm super bored if you can't tell so we
get a pet maybe for Evan Evan needs them
heavy needs a pad he needs friends hey
buddy you want to be friends with my
roommate Oh what do you have it's a
snake no come on wrap it around my wrist
like a watch this is cool dude what's
his name
Logan Paul oh no free brand deals here I
got you a new pet guys we got a betta
fish oh he's gonna love it his door shut
maybe he's playing video
he's snoozing so hard is he good we need
to give him two things hey dude I see
you're sleeping with your Rolex I like
that
here's a you good bro survey cuz you
snore like a lion but most importantly
bro look what we got you is that that's
Oprah
it's your new pet Oprah Oprah the betta
fish she's better than you yeah you
gotta take him on walks it's okay you
can do it it's your big day all right
well you can't walk of is it something
else I've been excited for waiting for
it all day my man cog in the tooth fairy
Oh what did she bring you bro oh wait
what yo is just weird
is that a fidget spinner yeah look she
brought a feature spinner and katana do
you think she's good wow what is he
gonna do with you who knows maybe you'll
fit just spin and cut things I don't
know anyways guys with that said that is
that was an interesting day guys whoa
gang I love y'all if you're not a part
of this family make sure you subscribe
join us cuz we poppin wonder your vlog
reverser is coming up make sure to
subscribe copy or maverick Mirchi oh
that bird logo a change in the world bro
every single day you're out you're
grinding working hard following our
passions chasing our dreams that's that
maverick spirit baby Logan Volcom slash
shop a link in description I love y'all
I'll see you tomorrow
take it easy
