the tornado not again sorry guys just a
little nervous today Brendan and I hi
hello guys are going to burning man's
maniac hole mean manacle maniacal
maniacal it's mechanical yeah
wildly disordered well that's what
Burning Man is we're just gonna go we
get concept of people being maniac it is
all how you view life no here's why
Burning Man is cool for me but where
everyone is finally like on my level of
weirdness
I'm always already all the time myself
but feel like not everyone else is and
here it's just it's so beautiful
everyone is just weird and being
themselves and I should have got merged
Brendan I just hand it out to everyone
at Burning Man bro - after Burning Man
they can just go to Logan Paul calm
slash yeah or click the link in the
description
uh-oh no we officially left the main
road by late oh my god oh my god it's
crazy cuz guys I don't think there's
service out here I'm gonna be shutting
my phone off literally my only source of
communication is gonna be these vlogs
and it's not even a conference is
there's no communication it's just me
posting vlogs like no one's gonna be
able to reach me friend and brother
what's up this convened rocks this could
mean drugs I'm gonna be saying that's so
often because everything here could mean
drugs
the best here is like dangerously crazy
the problem is it gets literally
everywhere like it's probably gonna seep
into this camera yeah no unfortunately
your camera all the crevices show like
the lens the audio jack the LCD screen
on the back
basically we're professional last year
we had a little issue with recording the
entrance to have to scout your car to
see if you're smuggling anyone in the
only weapons I got of these guns haha
the only animal I got is these guns
check in the back right now I really
hope we don't have any weapons or
anything literally like white like so
security here at Burning Man is
obviously like a little subpar we easily
could have snuck Evan here but I think
it's just cuz everyone's here to have
fun like we just chilling rough
it's a Burning Man oh this place is
crazy it takes like forever to get in
here you have to find our friends my
boyfriend you guys know Frank also I
gotta pee super bad so let's go fight
100% this is now your RV / camp / friend
because this RV / can't / friends are
not little pussies if you're looking for
the pussy camp it's not it's not even at
Burning Man it's at 1600 Vine Street in
Hollywood that's where the pussies first
off Frank can't say that word of my
vlogs but I'm at Burning Man so bucket
Frank that's right mom why why I'm tired
I'm tired of jacking for your why are
you acting no I'm being me
this is real me this is real me I don't
want to do this anymore let's try stop a
lot guys low gang that's that's it for
the book
good to see you
I've had some pretty like show peas in
my life this one this one's awesome bro
Burning Man is off to a really great
start I'd like to point out that this is
not the first time of recording you
paying you recorded me peeing often huh
times I like it what's your question
question are you tweaking about yeah
my phone is what I don't even have a
phone bro oh I don't have a phone no hey
Alex bro Alec Alec oh sorry bro
ah ah it's getting very real guys worst
case man I'm just gonna go in there and
like you know tweet some stuff but this
is it lokay this is it the vlogs bro
like and subscribe hahaha I can feel the
adventure begin ago we brought the hot
pocket well I got the text review saying
24 240 bro there's eight of us you've
forgotten zero bro right and forget a
zero can I check it on my phone no yes
lo gang it is mean you can tell because
of three thing one because of the
maverick fanny pack it's not available
yet I don't know why I have who the blue
bandanna three the voice is more than
three for the Maverick at five I'm a
jock but I think the burn is about to
get started here's why this whole thing
is good for me I'm not good at not
having stuff to do here like I don't
have anything to do like we're litters
gonna ride bikes and see if we find
something fun to go check it out this is
like a good little like mental reset for
me I wouldn't call it a vacation but
like it's good it's it is good for that
soul with that several let's get this
burn start can I just say last year this
was the trio we got Eugene we got Frank
we got the Maverick you make like a
bicycle and shut them up
listen make any concern god login for
mocking me Frank
before such a mouth when you're talking
to make like a bottle of water and shut
don't break your knowledge incoming
sanic Japanese like I do told you guys
pretty man's good the rules about
Burning Man
what happens at Burning Man stays at
Burning Man and also on my youtube
channel for almost 11 million people to
see that doesn't make any sense
you know that's bad well it's only
getting worse man oh my god bro what
have you learned from trying to be
beautiful Beauty pays no no no Beauty is
within a tall wedding dress it what show
your nipple go get me to say to me you
keep on my merchant hope all that cop /
let's go we haven't made any progress
wait what about your merch no no no no
no no no oh no no no no I'm get my
necklace I'm free fine your marriage is
falling apart already man
guys this is why like I feel like these
vlogs I can give you a little taste of
what it's like outside like whatever
bubble you live in like there's just
desert desert I'm Brendan I was gonna
say Brendan and I kind of taking it easy
today following days we're gonna get
like the drone shot we're gonna get the
GoPro footage from like dope angles like
time-lapses sunset sunrise today's the
first day we thought we ease you into it
I don't want to just give everything at
once bro like play the hand yeah you
might be a god bro
I'm just looking at Frank I'm like that
meant that man could be a god I'm not
sure and the way his wedding dress has
devolved to just like a crop top like a
black tee
that's a monumental wedding dress
merchandise now available in the shop
$99 per wedding track just for maverick
warning know maverick wedding dress we
get it now let me get to the tornado
holy I don't know how to say this
Frank's bike is Kayode Rusty's bike
behind me is ko yo you idiot you can't
wear wedding dresses they get caught
I've been at Burning Man for like an
hour haven't get to have fun if you ever
come to Burning Man
no please note this do not wear a
wedding dress not to move okay we got
nothing to do with chillin I just don't
like seeing two of my boys ko
so a Bernie man there's a bunch of
different art installations this
particular one is the Flamingo looks
like you're able to climb on top of no
scientist but it looks like that girl is
climbing climb with no legs no legs all
about easy wait you work out scale of
one to ten how safe is it to go through
like two seats to say it's too safe is
that
oh this is not my man Brandon is to my
right you can bet his crazy Oh coming
out of nowhere that stories do really
guys we can't see anything right now
this happens about every five to thirty
minutes here at Burning Man they're five
feet away and they're they're hard to
see right now there's a reason no one
has daily vlog from burning man's hard
yo like there's so much stuff that goes
into it look at Brenda's hair right now
the sandstorms are no joke here I don't
wanna get the lens dirty but just so you
guys know the lengths that we're going
to get you guys footing like Logan I've
dedicated my life to this because of you
guys another kid in a few cameras today
we're dedicated kidding maybe it doesn't
more for these like three Brennan's
camera broke just as we had suspected
this bitch is dirty oh this suit looking
that was that that was the artsy camera
that got the good we've been here for
three million eyes our numero uno camera
broken I can see through it it works
thumbs up yeah yeah like we said before
guys the dust makes it so hard to vlog
here that's why no one does it and also
the whole footage situation I mean look
at her yo you have you have to drive to
Reno tonight you're like I like to like
people gonna think you're a hobo no one
does the vlog at Burning Man no one cuz
it's impossible boss walk but we by the
way you're with not nobody you found
with just somebody but you're not with
just anybody go fuck your with new gun
as I never saw a new gun your gun
lit gun oh that's a peach brush ok
little gang I don't know how to say this
but I guess that is the vlog I know
weird today I know but I told you guys
like Bernie man is gonna be weird
mainly because literally as soon as this
ends we are starting tomorrow's vlog I'm
is like not a thing here so as soon as
the stands we're going right into the
next what day but as usual if you're not
a part of the loading make sure to
subscribe hit the
hopefully Lydia can get this footage to
the outside world cuz like I don't have
communes of communication it's tough
Lydia hi my vlogs let me rely on you you
look you look super dusty right bad but
yell if you have not copped your
Mavericks for that in the description
low gang I genuinely love you and I will
see you tomorrow
definitely not good bro I will see you
tomorrow take it easy
