yes really gonna do this to him I think
it's the move I think it's just just cuz
like bro like be a maverick you know it
is 5:30 6:00 p.m. and we are just
starting out every night hung out we we
were on the street here's the clip of
that last night how could he see it
doesn't make any sense he's got a cool
on this head how can you see you had a
cold on his head corn corn how does it
go boom I don't know I eat but how could
he see then I came across these people
who had the audacity to say this what
good I don't know I don't know today a
good custom-made Maverick Jackie
yo is spicy well gang this was made by
my friend Mackie Oh American flag he put
the smash on there got the low gang
right there yo by the way I think it's a
good time to mention you were not a part
of this this beautiful family right here
sure you subscribe join us man we the
fastest growing channel on YouTube the
strongest family on the Internet
the Mac bro seriously Thank You yo right
there that's my boy
Mac is my boy also coming these Jordans
resent the universe maverick Lobo yo
this is amazing this is also I just want
to say my dog cone is is quite the
character for as loud as I am and for
how many things I knocked over how was
he just posted don't care you don't care
dude hi conk just judge yeah he's got
stuff to do I'll talk to him later this
is definitely going on some of you might
have already seen this in my Instagram
story an incident at Logan Paul you
don't follow me there yo check this out
watch this look at play yeah that was a
good one oh yeah I did that that was me
how much money you think we're gonna
have to pay to repair those cabinets
cabinets or expensive dude probably I'm
not even kidding looking probably ten
thousand ten million bees so I could
baby these cabinets she's just getting
worse and worse
mark mark mark mark bro and I ain't
talking donor
you'd be like scared of loud noises in
place and stuff but he's not wrong
that's me I know exactly how he cuddles
that know something I still don't
appreciate their party Oh party everyday
bro with no Disney Channel show doc I'm
just I'm out you're trying to vlog I'm
trying to shut China trying to change
the world to do list here man the og low
gangsters the people who have been here
literally since day one first vlog ever
was Burning Man here's a couple
highlights from that my god yeah
are you working on a mushroom Oh things
have changed but it is coming up I think
it actually starts tomorrow actually
last year I went but I stayed for a week
which was a little too much for me this
year I think we're gonna go for like
three days but yo now that we're like we
have it like the vlogs are actually
legit now before then I was just like
kind of experimenting this is like this
is like gold two hippies number three
punch
rice gum that's right folks the internet
beef is beefing up now I know Conor
McGregor but I'm down to bounce his head
off the YouTube canvas so here's the
situation this guy you guys know he's a
hot topic on YouTube lately faze banks
had the little like he had a little ping
with my brother who's it was not good I
even made a vlog about him but uh weird
dude he just hit me up to hang out
apparently he's like super he's bored or
something cuz all his friends are at the
VMAs I was like fuck it I got a vlog
concept but then yo something hit this
is the perfect opportunity we go to his
house and he's roommates with rice gun
and straight up go up to rice and go hey
was Bop do magic is here so you want to
do a roast you want to do a diss track
to enjoy luckily for you guys and me as
well I convinced my boy Evan to drive us
there putting on his pedal extensions
right now if I do it have good also I
think I'm gonna make this a new segment
called like driving with Evan bro he
gets like actually mad when he drugs
it's road rage it's right he has the
worst road rage and it's hilarious get
ready bro driving with Evan
you're driving so slow I'm gonna go
straight could you teach your be any
tighter bro all right could you teach
your be any tighter bro feel like I'm
the one with road rage at this point bro
we haven't even left the valet I've
never heard a strategy like that so you
can widen the turn a little bit do that
to a new driver Drive you with Evan oh
not my GoPro not my mom take a left take
a left right now sorry no you missed it
I'm sorry no sick people user oh oh oh
stop I don't like it when you swear at
me oh my get that you're tall oh let's
have a job good job Evan I hope you guys
enjoyed driving with Evan what that's so
bad why you're like my what would you do
if you had to do it to your camera no
you know you gotta say that you hope
that they enjoyed it
I hope you enjoy so I'm posted up
outside right I'm just looking I'm
coming one two three and four maybe
there's like four floors underground I
don't I'm not gonna judge yet also what
is that oh yeah I almost forget all
right
I feel like this is weird it is kind of
like enemy or like that's why I brought
so many out to resident here know what
is gonna be back you might be back
around like a woman's one night your
time no we don't bro no thanks to rice
he's definitely not here just like
beeping that's not real dumb is it I
mean it's like kind of real brother I
was gonna honestly I was gonna call him
out if I saw it he sleeps here yeah yeah
he doesn't room I see it
they got a gym I know for a fact rice
doesn't use that though yeah it's just
crazy cuz like I saw the gym but like
rice is like spaghetti arms I was just
confused Oh grace is a Jake Paul oh oh
what he's already subscribed what kind
of dumb playing games mr. banks I need
your help bro like I was gonna I
literally came here just to call rice
out wait so you didn't wanna hang out no
like I'll still hang with you for sure
yeah but like I need from you like what
does she like most what does he care
about most like some I collect you know
McGregor my best friend dude I can't
yeah bro bro say no more bro not doc doc
doc you like take it's ro
custom maverick J's Bros Jojo I can have
these if I hope it has those does your
mind if I don't you say you can have
this I have been working on the shoe
collection
I mean rice you would do it for a pair
of Jays I know you wouldn't I know we're
back it's that me in the back for a pair
of shoes okay six it's kind of can you
so can you give me like get the dirty
bro
what is he like has he ever has he ever
like kissed either one of his parents
like kill the man he didn't kill the
answer but I did ah roskam kills
hamsters either way I need something big
bro like has he ever lost like a
spelling bee done the same grade twice
or something it's a very simple person
daddy-o you want to know what drives him
and when he likes more than anything
else we he he kills all parents for ya
clothes do hypebeast clothes Oh bro bro
no he got the shoes and all the all the
designer clothes
oh you're Brendon quick sidebar don't
you know what the 8th floor is my ass
you know I always come equipped with
maverick merch now we'd take his clothes
and we replace everything in his closet
with Lydia can you carry this take his
favorite clothes and just replace them
so let's do it oh my god is that a
walking pile of clothes do you think it
really has night vision New York
Maverick the red and v-neck maverick is
dead the universe please we got
everything we also put stuff over here
classic white crew all this good stuff
we got we put hangers took over the
hangers here hangs bro that was fun no
you find bro roommates gonna go dog you
fine Logan is James Earl it but y'all
live in a four floor house you expose me
probably you show me all these floors
bro I appreciate that I really do ain't
low game I'm gonna give the clothes back
it's just currently I have them
currently alright man thank you dude
like it's all it's all fun it's for the
internet with vlog light for subscribers
we'll see you back so at this point I
know what you're thinking Logan why are
you wearing sunglasses it's nighttime
that's my brain I'm just kidding what
like probably like why do you get
involved in the drama white why are you
like trying to start stuff with right
ovaries three reasons one it's
entertaining it's vlog content y'all
love y'all love drama don't like yellow
job - it's kind of fun for me
like I love drama I love job I love
drama 3 anyways guys not in the vlog if
you're not a part of this right here
make sure to subscribe
rice the ball is in your court what's
going down next big buy are we gonna
explode YouTube with some fighter diss
tracks well I don't know
men bags thank you for letting me in
your house don't leave for his channels
in the description copy merged Logan
Paul comms last job oh I love y'all and
I will see you tomorrow take it easy
feel weird bro I feel like like I wanted
like my crotch is like tingly yeah like
a kind of maybe I'm just worried bro
