I could x-ray my testicles twice a day
every day for the next 40 years and they
still wouldn't be as cancerous as you
and your brother nice it's I said good
morning it's 6 p.m. way to go that was
good we have a good reason business all
day all day that's all I am every day yo
guys like slowly but surely we are
taking over the world the local baby T
maverick is no joke the Maverick enter
pi maverick enterprises slowly but
surely growing I'm telling you guys in
like years yeah you're gonna you're
gonna be like wow so that's what they
were talking about join the movement
baby started out get your maverick merch
the hottest merch in the game join the
family look at my guys I shot more
description if you laughs to sign up the
vlog I don't I thought you were about to
yeah no not that obvious
yeah 6 p.m. and this is where like the
daily vlog life this is it's a challenge
for me bro your voice cuz they're still
gonna give you guys amazing content yo
you're in the low gains my promise to
you every single day bro so I took the
precautionary measures Evan Evan has
nothing to do with this actually why'd
you say his name I love him apparently I
found out you can like roast people on
reddit I'm like yo I might be one of the
most roasted guys on the internet
besides my brother ha ha ha and I'm
cocky I'm an egotistical maniac and
spend my money a dumb she snacks he have
facts so I figured like why not let
people roast me and then react to the
roast gross gross it's cuz it's STS is
roses
we English anyway we're gonna do that
but first this is probably Hollywood see
what's up now with my boy head now I did
something I do just wanted to check in
how your games are going you lazy ladies
a piece of pizza
Lydia everyone's pizza
I'm sorry Lydia I can't hear you okay
ready kind of edge here gonna edge here
edge here and there's a great singer
let's go get my car
Evan can you open the door please Evan
Bayh wait Evan Evan wait Evan what I
forgot do you think we could pick it up
and then have you driving with Evan back
to your game she's nice she's nice so
we're gonna put it though for sure
it's too late it's I have no choice
sorry in the club they're like I'll make
the rules I definitely make the rules
it stays
I don't care are you ready
ten minutes later what do you always say
like I got a question for you Lydia
you may know the answer where thy guard
oh yeah thank you thank you
it's funny when Evans not doing it to
you Linnea where's it gonna come from it
could be down there you wanna shoot
George it's all good fun guys honestly
I'm just trying to buy time and make
content I think it's up and then it's
time for your big day of it introducing
there's a blinking light that says break
Oh what does that mean this is breaks
give me a break
give me a break emergency break it's
hard to move your car hold on I can be
you because you're the one driving help
me help you
girl what you trying to do help me help
you
what you trying to do bro
you've been driving with the emergency
brake on /op adjusting the mirrors I
think like back and forth you just asked
me for help I don't me help you girl
what you Johnny
Wow that was fun okay we were to do the
thing the title of the video reading
mein hateful comments hopefully they're
funny like I've seen some of these
videos we're like the youtubers read the
comments and like they're funny you guys
get creative well not you guys it's it's
the haters but haters get creative also
I just wanna say my shirts a little like
stained cuz Evan he threw a banana at me
but you do it first yeah no I to Evans
and you I've evidence an angry dwarf
today straight up you're angry yeah but
it's cuz you hit me oh shut up Evan I'm
changing shirts and what Frigga does
okay here we are
I've been still angry let's let's get
right into this okay so I posted this
picture on reddit I'll put it over Evans
face so we can't see how angry he is and
it says as you can see roasts me and I
lit it on fire try to be a little
creative with it put it on reddit with
the title apparently I faked my
colorblindness and everyone hates my
brother it's more of a roast on Jake
like I don't know like if you look
closely like what was Umi to the picture
here like yeah you lift the side on fire
and it's still not the most flaming
thing in the picture I'm glad you have a
banner telling us you're a celebrity how
else would people know celebrity more
like YouTube personality celebrity would
infer he actually has talent you do that
bitch I always get these poor guys mixed
up is this the douchebag or the brother
riding the coattails of the douchebag I
think you're the douche bag I think
you're right
somehow your hair is worse than yours
two videos
Myers pretty sure some people were just
as babies your peers stick upon your
head you and your brother are the male
equivalent to the Kardashians where's
your sex tape
hey Logan what's the color of that fire
oh the only thing better than watching
your beautiful career fail would be
watching that piece of paper light your
hair on fire dr. GU blog that's comedy
the probably figure probably awake so
its clickbait he's 100% correct
yeah I could actually my testicles twice
a day every day for the next 40 years
and they still wouldn't be as cancerous
as you and your brother I just don't
like cancer jokes that one was it funny
that was either gonna turn to be enema
not just to a profession yes that's me
who's essentially a male Instagram whore
little kids to masturbate you what
imagine Britney Spears but less talented
and more feminine how are you that
person would still be more tolerable
than this flaming blonde sack of what a
bitch ah that's cute Brendan you should
be commenting on this pose here we go
here we go
the only thing more obnoxious than your
ego is that mess on top of your head you
pander to a young audience who is too
naive to understand just how unoriginal
and mediocre you really are thankfully I
feel safe knowing that your reign in the
entertainment industry will be
short-lived and that you ultimately fade
away like the rest of the conformance to
pop culture learn from your mistakes
unlike your brother and move on
nothing's more matches than my ego
nothing
that wasn't even funny they're just like
trying to hurt my feelings but my
feelings don't get hurt desperately
trying to stay relevant I see
I bet making a silly face to make it
hurt less and something you picked up
from your uncle's basement and yeah
everyone hates you too yes thanks
someone with as much money as you would
get their teeth things see big girls
yeah anyways um okay he's kind of suck
bro I'm over it I'm over this thread but
I was expecting more from the internet
me too bro it's all if they all just
like tried to be like we're too real
about it it was just weird anyways lo
gang that is the blog thank yous we are
doing another merge stop tomorrow so you
have that to look forward to man I'm
gonna have more time so I can actually
make a real vlog and not reactors just
comment if you're not a part of the lo
gang make sure to subscribe doing the
strong family on YouTube baby be a
maverick Logan Paul cops last shop or
link in description I love you I'll see
you tomorrow
you're the grill say I think I want to
just like push into the grills aren't it
just like yeah okay
what am i a fucking idiot yes
