one and two and three and four oh yeah
good morning okay what's Bob oh that's
what we're gonna do to life today yo
ever oh wait what the bleep bro what's
going on here you what's going on they
don't know what you just said I didn't
understand oh it matches your row with
all the clothes everywhere oh good news
is now me and kaga refractivity
one time bro oh okay bye what is going
downtown check this out oh yeah I'm
right here we got Lydia right behind but
she's kind of tiny by the way guys I
feel like one vlog I should like to
scale this thing like I feel like I
could give me like 30 feet up we think
Bennet at least 100 feet hundred feet
right anyways that going downtown
because I want to get a custom maverick
for her like the time before is that
warfare like burning bad they're burning
man and I made a song called
I just bought me a house cuz I did and
it's really dope but for that music
video I just want to look like this
stupidest I possibly can that's why I
bought grills and I also want to get
this fur because it's just outrageous
and that's me and forgive me a mapper
dude no I said downtown but like I don't
know where we are kind of like it though
some things I see some things I see here
that I like this magenta shopping cart
his razor wire fat guys trash bastard
and then yo I feel like the juice the
blue Zeus is my spirit animal
touch his nipples or something kazoos
have nipples bro we went that way and
then look look what we found
we are an interesting part of Lausanne
Olivia what did you eat
ah I wasn't gonna eat it and then you
said that don't eat the dick plants oh
my god okay so stop number one we're
trying to get some leather cuz I think
the maverick logo on the back of the
fires can be made out of leather thank
you I like you Dan have you ever been in
like a leather place with never not
touch it touch the let it go how's it is
all business right now oh my god with
the logo obviously like always it's kind
of shiny it's gotta be cool it's gotta
make people go oh do you know what I
mean making the first she's an artist
Kristy look at this I love this is what
we are converting on the back that's it
yeah so we just man a giant savage piece
of leather you yes honey yes look go I
didn't know leather could come in these
cool cut look at silver gold how many
I'll burn ooh is this like rose gold
yeah Rose good this is tough because I'm
colorblind but I'm doing well we got the
teal isn't that awesome
no it's awesome oh okay that would be
all right that's enough of leather for
one day let's go to other furs next so
much art here in downtown Los Angeles
look at that
Wow touch everything bro Oh
Christie's is real fur it's fake fur
white fur white like like royal real
like pristine like oh my god how do
these how does it not get wet we're
right in LA
it's your brain oh this one feels like
calm oh my god have you ever been to
this part of Los Angeles I have a few
beer - yeah what do you guys oh it's
kind of thin what do you think oh that
is softer soft is your hair almost okay
so you know it's white you don't know
the color of the mavar that kids in the
low gang another first door it don't end
we got another Kong right here Oh Kong
is not hunted for his pelts one day I
think that girl is hiding a dog in
between her boobs I like it dog I like
your boobs - that was definitely man
it's all good Bros 2017 so got no boobs
and I can look at a man's boobs and say
they're dope yeah with or without a dog
in between so we've relocated to a
different spot downtown Lydia had this
amazing idea Olivia wanted to iterate
your idea for everyone
us being Tara has like I'm already bored
listen here's what happened it was my
idea anyway it was Brandon I di no no no
Brendan go ahead you as bait tower is
the tallest building in Los Angeles Oh
slide from a window out to a platform
okay so gonna try to go on the glass
slide and slide what
when I take girls on dates I go hard or
like I try to make the day like an
experience think this just became a new
days for the new dates places
yo this is so trippy oh so it's just
this like mini slide that goes along the
edge of the building damn bro
look at this view the goal is to one day
take over this city I'm gonna make you
my bitch oh I want to put on this slide
right here there's gonna go a little
personal selfie cam let's get guys oh
yeah let's do it oh my god I can't hold
on I can't hold on to the camera we're
going nice shot all this works bro are
you gonna push me bro are you good
ah kid kids Lydia place me okay come on
oh man that was at that Club acting one
of those things things gonna be so cool
if the slide was longer I'd be I'd be
down I think Lydia is going down maybe
maybe she'll find it more fun than me
it's basically twice as long as for her
because she's like three feet shorter
than me yeah yeah I don't even hear
she's actually scared you know that's
the loudest I've ever heard Lydia you
good bro yeah crazy yo yeah oh man this
thing is freaking fun dude they're so
much fun so much fun Wow look it's me
and Lydia wow this is yeah that's cool
oh one big happy family
okay back to you all right
yo something I forgot to mention in
yesterday's vlog the second episode of
Logan Paul vs. has come out I'm talking
Logan Paul versus substitute teaching
that is right I substitute taught a
class of third grader bunch of little no
seriously that might have been the most
exhausting day of my life for you like
ogee low gangsters you probably remember
me vlogging at the school pal number you
you you remember I remember saying bro I
watched you guys go ah just I want you
guys to go watch it it's on my facebook
the links in this
the link is in the description or on my
facebook just Logan Paul no you guys see
like this is my this is my father five
minutes later
that's horrible
asshole comedy no that's what happens
bro don't shine a laser porn in my house
those Greg Paul's gonna call you go Hank
it's not even fat really kids husky max
but I wouldn't call it that yeah but
this could be a new hat coming out for
you soon look what we got is GP its
manager Jeff it's the whale hunt Apollo
in the corner yeah as usual big moves
that's what we've been doing all night
today with this big business stuff okay
yeah ready they're not ready that's why
today was like I we between meetings and
having fun and stuff we would go to more
meetings so one's gonna do the universe
yeah you've got these other entertainers
coming in like I want to change the
world how to change the world and I'm
just here like seats taken
if you're not a part of the logo make
sure to subscribe we are the strongest
family on your team
we changed the world every day because
we're Mavericks that's what we do low
ganks for life get your merch Logan Paul
calm slash why don't I just look blanked
out I'm slash shop or the link in
description during the revolution baby
