what's something you have we have coming
up that's like kind of a big deal that
we've been planning for a while we're
gonna get the Lamborghini case we're in
Italy okay so so so okay I got it
Oh God oh hell hi I get you did you
think Congress vlogging no be the dog
you free guys it's a weird morning I'm
not gonna lie it's like one of those
days where everything is just like you
know what I mean as you guys know one
yesterday's vlog I issued a challenge to
mr. rice gum aka Brian I said yo if
yesterday's video gets a million likes
and a million comment it looks like rice
and I will get in like a roast battle
diss track thing I don't want to do it I
warned him I don't do diss tracks to do
kill tracks cuz I don't I don't know the
line I'm not good at it my feelings get
hurt but I have one thing on my mind I
don't know what it is I swear to god
he's gotten cuter recently okay I'm
gonna be honest with you for the longest
time people would be like oh like you
really love your dog and I'd be like no
no no I like him I don't love but now
100% fact like I love this animal right
here but I got a vlog so be free no but
here's the one thing that has been on my
mind oh it's been so long
can you cut the camera let me just point
out guys I started something with the
serial I got my man Brendan over there
chowing down on the same cereal it's
good right not to mention Lydia broke
Captain Crunch took us all home today
dia and we got my boy calling it yo he's
a savage that's actually probably not
good hey buddy I don't know how you got
that but you can't have it cuz you'll
die honestly I feel like the world's my
oyster today like we could do anything
bro we could what would you say that's
such a good idea
maverick said it not me I'm not a bad
guy okay first obviously we need to stop
this thing with Merc which by the way yo
but you guys are eating up too much
legitimately a movement of passionate
people working hard to follow their
dreams I'm not going to get cheesy right
now but god damn that's incredible don't
want to wake up Evan if you have not yet
get your March to look about like on
slash shop or thing and description
cereal is a cool part of this balance
for games disclaimer this is part of the
reason we're getting kicked out yes I
have the conscious choice to not do this
but then how would I get subscribers
oh good much deeper mercy projectile no
yeah we have run out of co2 this is no
bueno cuz I gotta launch the birch candy
oh no that could have meant drugs
anyways we need to get these refilled
Lydia okay maverick on her shoulder the
first pace already and you refill these
co2 chamber cartridges cool that was
easy to do list number one get co2 Lydia
is taking care of that number two yeah
okay so I'm gonna get serious for a
second I am NOT giving the Lamborghini
with my brother Knoll Ambrose the whole
like Jake pranking me all that stuff and
I'll explain but yeah okay first let's
focus on this step number one point five
we're going to the store cuz Evan needs
a laptop yeah but why is the point five
uh cool I sort of feel like I should
have sat down and done like a dramatic
YouTube reveal and I'm not getting the
Lambo cuz it's like kind of a big deal
here's the background if you guys do not
know cuz this this the whole decision to
get a Lamborghini happened a while ago
first my brother Jake on my on my ski
birthday tricked me told me he got me a
Lambo like multiple times it was cruel
to just watch
and then being the Maverick that I am I
was just acting on my feet I was like
you Jake the only way I can get you back
right now is if I actually go out and
buy a Lambo there's only one way I can
come back from this and it's if I see
you and go out today and by the next
week actually went to the Lamborghini
store and customized a 2018 Lamborghini
had a cotton perform on ten I had you
guys comment and actually pick the color
for me like guys I like this car in I
gave my thirty thousand dollars it back
here okay I'm gonna continue put down my
thirty thousand dollar deposit guys like
this car is $350,000 I thought I was
gonna get it I had merch made and
everything allowed Lambros merch because
me and my brother were both getting
Lambo Lambos brothers Lambros it's
stupid I have my reasons which I'll get
into shortly evan is reaching for our
friends duty but anyways we are here at
the store heavens neither yeah Mac mac
and cheese MacBook Pro that was funnier
than my joke I know this is the right
decision look look here's the thing when
you're buying a piece of technology the
important thing about you is that you
have a Rolex right exact cool so that's
that's yeah that's pretty that's I don't
know anything I'm so poor EULA you know
what this is me either but it looks like
some sort of Wi-Fi connection think we
need one of these for the new crib bro
you need that fast Wi-Fi we need that
Wi-Fi that's gonna make girls go she's
still playing with it but she's never
see some Spain she's never seen anything
like it
I'm pretty sure they have Wi-Fi in Spain
mmm no am i racist does it make me
racist if I don't know if they have
Wi-Fi in Spain I'm in the clear right
it's a little bit touchy why is it what
no you die I love my Spanish audience
like dude I want to go to Spain and say
what's up to all you in the low gang Bad
News Bears it's funny that it's not
funny but Evan just said the word poor
and about being poor it appears as if
Evans poor his account is locked and you
can't buy his Mac they used to do vine
and I'm a vlogger now so I have money
look it closely on his phone
it says he's on the phone with his
mother are you why you saying no you
know it's gonna make this better if we
spread out and make it look like he's
alone it'll be hilarious
hi sweetie let's waste my time what Evan
Evan you all you buy for you bro yeah
just pay me back
I'm your amigos yeah see that proves
that Amex don't get the client a
roommate a Rolex it's he's too poor oh I
love my roommate back with frogs he's
too poor cuz Evans that poor it just Vai
died and things went downhill from there
the crib oh you owe me $4,000 but it's
okay Logan I'm not even trippin because
by the way Judi you can get your
merchant lowball number two though is
what we should addressed no Lambo it's
kind of sad Jake's gonna have a Saturday
action when I tell them but here's why
guys it's just not the move from by the
way I've lived here for like six months
I don't think I've ever sat here anyways
here's why it's not the move for me one
listen this is the biggest thing I'm not
like a huge car guy like I like trucks
and cars and driving fast and I don't
know if you guys know this but Jake is
obsessed with cars like I remember once
we were talking about like what we want
to do when we're older and his answer
was like dude I just want to drive cars
obviously like he wants to do more stuff
than that but like that's like he just
loves driving beep Logan Logan Paul not
so much having Lambo is cool but I
wouldn't love the Lambo because it was a
Lambo my rush my high would be getting
it because like I'm 22 and like it's not
something I should be doing but screw it
cuz it's kind of a risk which like isn't
a good reason to get a 350 thousand
dollar VM and then I was like yo I can
put this money towards a house like a
dope house that we live in and and
that's what I did which by the way I
cannot wait to show you guys it's like
like like literally staying in here
right now
pisses me off like I find myself just
hitting the table I'm like a new boy
surprise he's number three I bought the
4x4 G Wagon squared the Yeti you guys do
you guys know the love of it I'm just
going to say
I think I was trying to say you guys
know and love the Yeti yes like I got a
dope vehicle by the time you guys see
it's gonna be even dope or why do I need
a Lamborghini
anyways Jake I'm sorry bro here's why
this is also a big deal since the Lambo
is our 2018 hadouken Jake and I were
planning on flying to Italy together to
pick them up at the Lamborghini Factory
pretty much like as soon as they were
done in the production we were gonna
make a big thing out of it spend like a
week there vlogging maybe go to the
what's what's the really fast highway
called the Autobahn the Autobahn then I
found out they're not gonna let us drive
them in Europe because you need like a
special license or something just so
many reasons so I'm going to Jake's
house right now tell them I have a
surprise I'm just gonna tell him like I
bought it I got us all like first-class
tickets to Italy and then I'm gonna say
just kidding also I'm not gonna
Lamborghini he's gonna be devastated I
am again I'm sorry Jake okay so
apparently Jake is not allowed to film
in his old house so this is like the new
team 10-ounce it still feels and sounds
very ratchet bro this is chaos stuff we
can't film at our house yeah what happen
I don't know why that happened really
yeah alright so a fairly little brother
lost a couple of brain cells in the past
day or two it was when I fell on stage
at the Teen Choice yeah I just I just
wanted silence because uh they're kind
of like little rascals in there bro out
there okay
what are you doing here I came to
surprise you I came with a surprise yeah
came bearing okay I'm gonna tell you
what's something okay what's something
you have we have coming up that's like
kind of big deal
we've been planning for a while we're
gonna get the language in his square in
Italy okay so so so okay I got it all
first-class tickets your crew and my
crew we got the hook-up first-class
ticket Italy there and back
okay no we should take a seat for this
this is kind of big deal yeah come on
this is your title and thumbnail cuz I
feel like it is yes yep this is a little
difficult for me
mm-hmm the energy is good right now
spirits are high I feel like I might
might set up a little bit I am NOT
getting a Lamborghini with you
I'm just kidding I know what actually yo
if you buy mine they'll give me my
security deposit back I'm not gonna
steal a bikini Jake died serious this is
real I'm backing out he's so I know Jake
he's so flustered he can't even not make
a joke and just piss what do you think
what's going through my eyes one no cuz
you bought a house I bought a house I
use the money to buy a house got a Yeti
bro I already have a cool car
I'm not a biggest car guy as you bro yep
cool just taking it all out there yeah I
know I see we've been planning this for
a while six months now yeah it's a
really big view actually I had to say
one thing
you're a bitch it's kind of right guys
he's kind of right he's just a public
announcement PSA I'm I'm no longer
getting a Lamborghini with my brother
so no more Lambros no more Lambros so
everyone who bought those shirts give
them all in refund
it's just lamb bro it's Jake if you guys
cover the s like you can just do J kind
of take Paul family
I'm going to pottery class budget you
are a bitch
okay so uh he's upset I can tell cuz he
just kept making jokes like not one
point he's like ah and that's like my
defense mechanism to I just like make
comedy out of everything especially when
it gets serious feel bad but just like
it's just not the move for me and I
realized that it's just it's not it's
not me bro with that said looking that
is the vlog there are people I don't
know how they found this house already
but if you're not a part of the low gang
make sure to subscribe you're growing
every day we are the strongest family on
YouTube and that's something I like I'm
proud of it y'all should be too do not
forget guys don't be afraid to be
different be passionate be unique and be
a maverick low gang I love y'all and I
will see you tomorrow merch link in
description take it easy Ben booth well
you asked for it
that's not my fault did you come forward
no not at all
brain
