so mad right now where I just want to
roast them but I'm gonna go off the
basketball goals and the rules of that
is for strikes and you're out and I
believe he's a three-strike so Logan no
no no Logan now y'all good well okay was
about then it's okay guys yet another
good day here Logan ball right now
currently yelling and screaming in order
to try to trick myself to think of a way
deck down that Murch feeling good
feeling like I said there's no compile
flash yeah
join the movement baby movement of
Mavericks everyday we were out here
changing the world
that's the universe and today here's how
I am going to start to do that it is
like 8:15 a.m.
just watch the solar eclipse in
Tennessee we got back to Los Angeles
from Tennessee last night figured I'd
wake up early go get a quick workout in
the fuck where's he at where's my guy
hello hello Larry Conda Savage good
morning how are you Bobby I love that
dog I really do have one more thing here
we go
yaryi okay now let's go work out
yeah back at the crib oh my boy want
some attention hi how you doing come
doggie oh wow he can stand for a while
though I'm impressed he's a dog that's
my boy that's awesome my boy Monty
maverick are you doing buddy no I'm good
I'm good no I'm sorry carnage is all
about me hi oh my god I got I'm so sorry
I try not to just constantly film calm
cuz I could record him all day and it
would be hilarious right now he's
chewing on one of Mavericks feathers hey
that's not yours and also that's your
brother so if you could just put that
down okay I'm sorry maverick he doesn't
mean it buddy and he doesn't I promise
first item in the agenda we have to go
to the camera store and return this
$14,000 lens I got ya to record the
solar eclipse vlog that we made the
other day except if you guys remember it
doesn't work it lenses like breaking of
the Brendan what's happening bro it just
says it won't communicate with this
camera before the Eclipse I just have
one question are you good anyways I also
got Brendan he's right there I do a
brother sitting in the back why dude bro
is your like what why is that lens up
there and I'm in the back is your lens
worth $14,000 but no that's why I don't
know we went to go record the work it
stopped moving and I like I got
depressed for like a solid two minutes
so yo I'm not sure what that guy was
saying I don't know if he doesn't like
believe me but dawg it didn't work bro
are you so don't know getting Sadhna
anyways we also picked up some lights
for the most prime ultimate vlogging
y'all seen it Logan Pavlo headed back to
the crib oh I gotta get some food y'all
driving this car makes me miss the Yeti
bro ah God no that was weird but yeah
anyways guys I'm hoping I get the Yeti
back in like two weeks or so I'm getting
a lot done to it and then fixing the car
cuz that crazy lady ran into it you know
you had me pretty hard right there that
was an issue that's tough because the
parts for Mercedes cars come from
Germany he got it got it internationally
shipping at blah blah blah but as long
as I keep smiling everything's gonna be
a-okay
we're home but I forgot my key
you took our burritos apparently wanted
burritos I'm gonna be a little more
gentle hello Evan I know thank you I
don't think you guys heard when you open
the door bro my stomach growled and I
feit it was right next to the microphone
I feel like you could hear it oh we got
mail
what do you have I got pedal extensions
what extensions whoa I always see since
cars aren't made for dwarfs yeah these
attach the gas and brake pedal away so
you can drive any car you could drive in
LA now yes bro we go we don't put Evan
in the Yeti that's gonna be yeah oh we
are about to eat the Chipotle but yo I
have a little Chipotle this is not a
brand-new by the way Chipotle you are
welcome I got a little lunch pull a
trade secret I want to share with you
guys I'm a big guy this is a fat burrito
like this is as big as Evans forearm I'm
not even kidding bro it's it's bigger
than your forum this is not a dude
here's why okay listen I haven't told
this to you guys yet but I think it's a
big big you can order a burrito called
the quesarito they put cheese on the
burrito and then put your stuff inside
that burrito dog dislike are you
comprehending this loading this is the
stuff that changes the world which
brings me to my next point Evan as you
know bro we're getting this new house
how the fuck are we gonna eat dude do
you cook no I can barely reach the stove
as is yes I I can reach the stove and I
can assure you I cannot cook Brendan and
I have been talking bro I think we have
a solution we have a room open F so like
what if we recruit a roommate who can
cook that'll be Liddy titty we say that
on my vlogs wait a second can we Logan
Queen yeah we could say Liddy dude yeah
yeah he's got to be like a big Samoan
that we know knows how to cook like a
Samoan a Hawaiian possibly
making guy he's got to have a Jamaican
accent and he's got to give us advice
bro just like a down-to-earth guy who
will be like Aloha but I mean if you
follow the waves you will find the sea
that doesn't make any sense that's why
we need him bro exactly what is it might
make it difficult because one of our
requirements is like he's got to be at
least 300 pounds hundred percent I think
I know you do
great you call him and you get his eye
here so yo I'm starting to open these
packages that we got in the mail check
it for a Brendon it's for me for when
you were forced to sit in the back of
the Yeti this will cheer you up
sharing with the front row lifesavers
ready yeah that is not a life savers
Brandi a life savers you're welcome what
else you got
mac and cheese classic mac and cheese
that's not a brand new look you're
welcome dog this whole fog is just a
frickin friend you know brother I'm
hitting Brandi with all this oh oh
bro bro it's a plate it's a plate but
bro it says it manages lately picked
this another smash this plate plate yo
come here Brendon should we do it on
three yeah one Lidia's not here today I
gave her the day off
would you mind cleaning up this plate
this is why I like he's a good dog he
really is twelve seconds later
take that back Kong did not follow
through go this sobs dude is it possible
that this Samoan guy we get who cooks
for us also knows how to sweet added to
the requirements yeah three hundred
pounds and you gotta know how to sweep
and cook we're gonna find you we're
gonna find you fat Samoa don't worry guy
we went back to the mission ahead guys I
have received a lot of care packages but
yo this is a good one 150 you good bro
surveys for urgent or emergency
situations holy you good brothers so
many of them go real quick real quick
one second
no I thought I'd be done this keeps
getting better and better so we look at
this
Brendon found this actually we're like
what this is no there's a little note on
the back it says saying this out loud is
is quite funny this is a quarter that
was stuck in my throat
oh okay
how does that I got a Hot Wheels stuck
in my throat one time wait really come
here when I was a little kid how does it
happen bro actually I was a little kid
boy it doesn't make any sense
I don't know all right
you sent it bro
the girl that sent us that package got
us this little rope for Kong - he loves
it bro two hours later this is this is
scaring me a little bit I think there's
only one thing to do man there you go
cock it see you good bro survey got 150
of them just fill it out let me know
when it's done so I feel like this is a
good time to bring up
I bought these pillowcases in the mail
here they're body pillow cases actually
if you look at that guy that's a picture
of me actually and on the other side
just for good measure I put a shirtless
picture of me there's a special reason I
got these actually it's for my roommate
Evan sometimes when I'm not around I
know he gets lonely so I figured he
could put these on all his pillows and
just so I'm always sleeping by it next
to him with him it's kind of awkward now
but let's go see about the survey oh
well we got Carl you done I'll check it
what are you writing
you dog bro and he circled yes makes
sense one thing I do need for the body
pillowcases is body pillow so we're
gonna head to the store right now and
and and get get those this looks like a
place I want to be oh my dirty clothes
now that's that's necessary for life bro
they also got held a body pillow they
look at this what car what do you think
here buddy yeah yeah yeah yeah that look
that looks oh yeah he laid down bro
hundred percent that's kong approved
that's my boy you get a body pillow for
it for my body
come on what stop what stop stop I know
I know you do I know you
let go
I know you had her broke yeah you can't
you can't fool me I sweat I've got
360-degree turn away x-ray vision that's
not possible
you know what's not impossible Evan come
here hey hey
news flash come here yeah here's
something you may not know lo gang I'm a
head over to the Google machine do
drawers have nice day it's time to swoop
I told you to keep it a secret
mmm-hmm I just exposed oh I get it to me
he said one half I know for a fact here
you go look Evan body pulls my face on
it shirtless dude what are you doing
no man I guess while we're at it
ah stupid looking Paul you suck I hope
you die I hope you talk forever
he said he's blaming it on his fat ass
Wow
I mean whom he does have a fat booty
though he's got a dog for sure hey I'm
gonna pull out a big old douche bag I
think my videos are funny but I shouted
that it wasn't bro I lost 20 pounds ago
for you to do he's a really funny I love
it what are you offering me Evan are you
trying to hurt my feelings I got you
this as a gift so you wouldn't be lonely
whenever I'm gone I can always be by
your side so guys going to record
another song in a little bit I've been
on some throat koti and a protein jar
bottle glass cup let them score you
because like it's good to have those
golden vocal cords but also like I'm
still a man who with muscles though yeah
look at me anyways I came across some
YouTube videos I do YouTube there's this
guy his name is Rice go ahead you guys
know Rice go maybe that's not a road it
was a dick it's not a roast here's why I
bring this up I've been like poking her
I scum in my videos like I'm just like
sneak dissing rice a little bit and he
yeah he caught on he noticed it and he
made a response video today so here we
go I'm gonna watch his this video a
little bit and yeah okay so Logan one
more strike and I'm gonna have to do
I dare you bro
I talk are you crazy
I don't know rice let's look let's go
historical YouTube
Jake Paul puts out of this tract called
the low gang sucks or something and then
I have to respond I have to bro and I
Bryce I don't know the line I just go
all out bro like I I roast myself every
day I take it too far like I got my
brother's ex-girlfriend and put her in
my district video that's stop bro how
would you see you read and I got so
angry so I did it but I get what he said
he's saying if I roast him one more time
he's gonna he's gonna make a diss track
against me I get it I don't know why I
sneak this him easy easy humor
subscribers likes I don't by the way the
one on the porch didn't count that was
like just that's that's not a big you
guys know her Eskom isn't if you didn't
now you do so let's see do I got one
strike left before right this is big bro
oh I got oh yeah guys think I should
take that strike okay I'm gonna leave
this up to you guys okay if this video
gets 1 million likes and 1 million
comments I'm gonna take that strike rice
and there's gonna be a battle of the
districts oh oh I don't want to unleash
the beast mr. Brian I don't do this
tracks
I do kill traps if there's one thing you
should know you don't with the low gank
guys I'm not gonna lie rice isn't my boy
like I don't I don't want to roast him
I'm gonna stay in life if it happens it
happens you know for you to drama just
like just just no rice this is kind of
just for you bro I'm not good at holding
back I'm just that's why I said I'd do
kill trash if you guys remember I went
to the Super Bowl with rice gum and
summer I stayed in the same house we
partied stuff there's a good time but
apparently I've been left with one
strike that's why I'm gonna leave it up
to me bro this is on you guys the Logan
at the why don't we house but as usual
you're the gog boys aren't here I know
what you're thinking guys no I'm not
gonna make that stupid joke never mind
Daniel
yeah I made the job anyways guys it's
time for you boy to go record another
hit song though this one is called I
think it's called just bought me a house
do you mean you think it's called you
wrote it
yeah it's called just bought me a house
because I did that just bought me a
house not this one about this one I wish
I I'm not even kidding I asked to buy it
like at least 10 times I'm like yo just
put a down payment I got you didn't sell
me this house but our songs still gonna
be a little max oh oh you're just saying
I don't belong I'm not a singer bro but
I'm still gonna make them hit I'm not
gonna lie guys this song could be good
maths there's just a certain energy
around this song and it's so true and
pertinent to my life cuz I did just buy
me a house fact so let's get got bored
ya guys have said this before singing
and making music for me I'm not a singer
but I'm gonna do my best I do my damn
best as usual I'm gonna give you guys a
little sneak peek of the song at this
point I'm aware I've done this a lot you
have out of my hair that we made undress
me this won't take very long and now
just bought me a house well that's just
for just bought me a house and you're
building up you know that's how he P
works but y'all okay
it's a dude that's a hit and that's a
fact before I go the boys actually came
back they all went to sleep except Jack
lucky kid lucky kid I got a gift for him
actually hi jack is a gift for you
there's me on a body pillow so you can
sleep with me right by your side and if
you ever want to make direct eye contact
with me
you can't yeah great I'll see you later
literally posted my car up in the middle
of this hill right here because I'm
thinking I am so lucky that I am able to
create art every single day and have an
audience you guys the low gang absorb it
and receive it and like it no no no you
love it I'm gonna wake the neighbors up
and get the cops called on me but the
point is guys I I'm just I'm very
blessed and I'm thankful and I just
thank you to you guys under this is a
weird moment I don't know why I'm doing
this right now but just know I
appreciate you guys that was really
cheesy well anyways guys if you're not a
part of the low gang make sure to
subscribe we are extremely ol atop your
maverick merch go out be different be
unique be passionate do what you need to
do to accomplish your goals
I promise you guys nothing can stop you
if you actually believe in yourself
because uh I do I love y'all and I will
see you tomorrow take it easy babe
if you follow the waves you will drown
in the ocean
