are you serious what is it all of this
to you replacements oh you wanted to
open the book okay great I'll do it now
or should I say I slept like a baby hook
cuz yeah watch it because you cute like
a baby shut up you two I'm gonna open
this door maverick don't fly out come in
good boy
what are you doing you told me right
you're going on yeah I'm not the lead
you want to get ready right friendly to
a USC right here's why that's not great
so I'm not gonna be in the vlog yeah
that's the here's why that's an issue
that's something involve better yet
before you inform it what are you doing
what well you told me you were leaving
where the title and thumbnail of this
vlog was my roommate and I got $20,000
grills that's today but now that I know
you leave me I forgot again well to be
honest I forgot Willie never oh you
really like no I do yeah short-term
memory loss
I had a short roommate oh now it's just
gonna be I got $20,000 grills I'll give
ya I need clickbait bro I need thumbnail
diner bro
you know but look at it like this well
tomorrow's blog I can give them to you
as a gift and it'll be the clickbait for
tomorrow oh no that's what he knows yeah
everybody knows but I'm not gonna show
yours out today they're different than
my bro the grill yeah what how they did
it I know they get a bigger mouth and
you can just so if you guys don't know
we're talking about grills okay girls
are yeah well I feel like something
grills are like fancy pieces of jewelry
you put on your teeth can you stop what
are you doing you have been bipolar
lately here go be free grills bro as you
guys know every day I'm aiming to change
the world to do something outrageous or
weird or funds the daily vlog life it's
the Maverick spirit that's what the logo
is it's right there right here it's on
my boxers but that's a really big
maverick doing the movement make sure
you get your merch baby look and Paul
calm slash shop should we tell about the
grills are actually let's just show you
two weeks ago we got fitted for girls go
do I even need to say that it's going
down here this is my man Greg grill he's
right there might be putting something
on Evan here's her Evan an iced tea okay
let's do this we got that fresh putty
nice yeah that is spicy looking good and
honestly I've never seen you looking at
it I'm not even lying bro he looks super
sexy right now all right lo Goering I'm
going in
hahahaha that's a solid mold dude a good
mold I gotta say Greg you got some dope
party no good buddy football game
exactly maverick away from you whoa
you'll never get away from me Evan even
when you're away from me you'll never
get away from me so yeah Evan that's
what what are you doing it takes two to
tango can we disagree that we're gonna
be good friends with the grills today in
our mouths but mainly they're not worth
more than $10,000 yeah I'm not being
your fan okay great now I'm leaving cool
cool because the reason I came out here
is for the jewelry great and that's
about it
great great all right I'm not no it's
Saturday I'm feeling like a savage I am
gonna go work out all right okay oh yeah
I was still recording it's just like
weird cuz he does that off the wall no
let's go work out where my hard work is
that come on I can't be the only one
that wants it's time to get better yo on
the walk over here I'm already starting
to get warm I feel it bro it's gonna be
a sweaty one it's gonna be good today I
think it's time to smash smash yeah in
fact I have good news
Brendon the grills are coming today oh
yes but we're missing one thing can you
tell what it is no I didn't get you
girls and stuff who did I get grills you
and Evan okay so what's one thing that
may be missing in this scenario fuck
yeah our boy dwarf mama went to a
football game and now it's just me
getting
yeah so with the facts today bro
showered all feeling fresh feeling clean
in that Murch brave frickin actor
brother scrimp so I'm gonna be studying
this a little bit today but y'all I
haven't done like an audition in a whi
last movie I did was valley girl let's
stop for your boy to give back into it
that's what some of my recent meetings
have been about we're watching another
screening for airplane mode tomorrow
what I'm trying to say is basically the
acting side of the entertain put what
I'm trying to say is the acting portion
of the entertainment part of my life is
about to give back with that said yo
these people there's no party today well
that's good wrap it up and get down here
also you may have seen you probably did
see our clown prank that we did
yesterday with the scary red balloon
thing boats
what do you hoping happens apparently
humans are not the only ones afraid of
red balloons you don't need a there's
nowhere to go you can't go into the
blanket listen to me can't listen just
behave so Brendon can take a sexy
picture you'll get famous on Instagram
trust me it's worth it at Kong to savage
back to you future lily thanks pass
Logan Neal Brennan does this make me a
bad dad bro yeah it's just so funny
condom savage so he could be in frames 2
revolutes
what I'm saying maverick what would you
say you oh you think you can everybody
be free red balloons go to the weekend
party
yeah there we go party on that note you
want a smoothie Brendan they do Lydia
you want a smoothie broke on his cage
yeah good thing you weren't in there
buddy no that's why I have him here bro
you are a good dad that's what I'm
saying you grow up a little bit you
think you can walk yourself you don't
you don't need daddy fine walk yourself
he's just posted just walking some
waiting for the other go yo yeah it's
got somewhere to be
come where you going bro bye I swear my
lamb go bro full sprint straight I feel
like he's the dog version of me bro he
just prick eat this oh it's going
Brendan what do you want I'll do a
Makura
Mac arrest for Brendan Lydia do you want
a smoothie okay it's kind of song yeah
you're thinking mayor and iced coffee
please I will do all my milk he's a
Hollywood dog smoothie is good the
weather in LA is beautiful right now my
dog my Hollywood dog has iced coffee
come on what why he's Ollie would it's a
basic Hollywood dog now that I'm
thinking about it giving Kong more
caffeine hi guys I think it's time to
head back home the grills are supposed
to be here in not wearing a watch but
ten minutes or so
he just hasn't posted
Gregg grills everybody with the grill oh
my gosh those are so icy bro I spend my
money on realms idle bored YouTube storm
is way too much money for me that's me
so we're gonna go outside and do like a
real diamond sparkle right now but you
can see these things are so icy by the
way guys these are my teeth and it's
weird seeing your mouth not in your
mouth so this is white gold yes and
these are diamonds feeling this is
impossible I don't know this is ignorant
no I got girl talking rubies he aul on
the front for teeth Oh
what does oh oh I'm kind of seeing
myself over there oh my god I was a dumb
white kid before and now I'm even dumber
- yeah yo these are actually dope bro
Greg I'm not gonna like when I bought
these I was like this is like kind of on
the Dumber side of thing no it's awesome
oh my god my teeth look I see the
girlfriends yeah when you talk to people
bro you can't like you shouldn't you
shouldn't talk like this ya know like
woosh popping fact that we're out here
but we have not yet seen the grills with
the Sun shun I got a little list for a
little sign bow
yo they shinin brush I white boy with
the grills looking dumb is my floor
finger here is my thumb I won in the
past tense I'm number one that's how we
do a man these grills are looking
awesome
that's like a breeze a twenty thousand
dollar custom maverick necklace
beautiful put my money you like in like
stocks or something this is getting
ridiculous
I'm very impressed I'm very happy I'm
very dumb looking and I love you for
that Greg I freakin love you bro Logan
if you guys want to check out his
channel is Greg I freaking love you you
killed it bro no gang if you guys want
to check this is kind of hard to talk
low gang if you guys want to check out
his stuff I'm gonna put it all in the
description below website Instagram all
that good stuff but for now I gotta say
what's up to my boy he's back in town
yes I know you know why because of your
dad know my last name
oh but Logan boom whatever and look you
want to try the mom but it would be a
little bit weird and there wouldn't fit
your teeth also bro I saw that because
I'm fully on your Instagram Oh
wolves dub right
in the past what week to week yeah
things have changed since you left me
bro like I straight up I'm Hollywood now
there's no there's a wall there's a what
Donald Trump and stuff yeah for years
I've been saying that oh no yo does it
look weird with just that just the ends
here oh it's different pieces it's it
difficult to put food Oh making sense of
the Mexican friends serious what is it
replacements ah
no what's poppin how you doing
no you seriously like is it a joke no
you see what it says on top oh no that's
great
my last name what oh no Lily the teeth
joke is over
these are grills no I understand that
completely where we at in this
conversation where your real teeth yeah
I don't think you're understanding
completely grills oh my God thank God
talk to me hey goose grease don't owe me
are you still friends with Logan point I
was like actually he's the best person
ever yes they still love each other
here's the thing y'all here's what's
happening we all just got so busy I
pretty somber and I'll just put it in
the wall I think it looks good or no
yeah there's nothing like a lonely
sombrero on your wall on that no I think
that's my cue bro hey it's good to see
you wouldn't want to have one last thing
yeah let me teach you something I love
Mexicans let's go first door and okay lo
gag that is the one it was a fun one I
got my girl Z I'm
I'm just like so bored and I need
thumbnails and click base I just buy
dumb stuff but I will say for music
videos like stuff like this is just
gonna make it look that much more
ignorant and fun and crazy which is what
I have fun to it that's that's that
maverick spear speaking of y'all know
where to get it Logan Paul calm /op the
hottest merch in the game Robbie
maverick and if you are not a part of
the low game make sure to subscribe
longest family on YouTube I'll okay I
love y'all I'll see you tomorrow
take it easy man help me help
join the movement be a merry
