good morning okay what's up as usual
today is gonna be a good day hallway
home
the plates fell how are you sorry I
don't think we broke a plate yesterday I
had to do it I had to do it today bro
being am African stuff dude being a far
the way as you as possible right great
sounds like everyone else my left oh
you're doing a pretty bad job with that
right now
no comment or not I knew when you punch
that you cut yourself then you don't
open your door I'm paying on your door
in my blood hold up there are no AIDS on
your door boom but speaking of sexually
transmitted diseases bro you nervous no
we've got our STD STDs check that we got
check for STDs yesterday conjunctivitis
getting to you what it's getting worse
as the time passes
oh it's been weird lately bro he's dying
and as usual I think he needs CPR
oh yeah I'm gonna get this cleaned up
we're gonna get the day started by doing
this I don't want to do this we have to
give Conchas conjunctivitis drops he
knows right
it always does I'm just gonna put my
hand over your snout nothing to see here
calm
Oh damn who's being good this morning
good you did so good he's learning I'm
such a proud dad be free Kong you know
what about that exclusive drop bro oh
yeah okay so we dropped the white
version of that yesterday there's not
that much time left to get you're dead
the universe shirts um as you guys know
it was an exclusive like 365 I hid a
year of logging celebration and so that
will in about 12 hours by the time I
published this vlog become a
limited-edition I know in the maverick
March is too hot baby we changed in the
world every single day logo pops I
believe it we move into our new place I
want to buy a mini horse
make no mistake even though I am NOT the
horse so get off
when we run through Hollywood everyone
stares at us I can't tell if it's
because of our hair size difference or
YouTube channel YouTube channel yellow
it's garbage it's yellow are you afraid
of intimacy you're not afraid of trans
over here bro come on cuddle with him
it's not like a weird thing he just
Steve just my boy it's what you do with
your boys to me he's so funny okay
listen guys this vlog is not a brand
deal I'm not making any money off the it
movie for this blog obviously by the
title in the hook you already know what
it's about we all just saw this movie
with the creepy ass clown if you haven't
here's what it looks like
little creepy little creepy that anyways
yeah I'm actually good now so yeah I'm
actually good now I'm actually good now
even so if you just want to okay he's
coming back and all right we wanted to
do a little clown prank where we get
like red balloons and just like send
them places and then dress Evan up in a
clown mask and dress me up in a clown
mask and just scare them should be
pretty good that's why I got the red
team today because we're going red blues
red fidgets red shirt red bumps any
fetus no no honey no that's not why we
did gate the youth about diseases yes so
you don't get red bumps exactly Evan
you're so freaking funny bro he's
hilarious he'll do that well he's
allergic to water
you're lucky if there's one thing that I
love more than food there's not one
thing I love more than food
no this is amazing we're sitting here
I'm just gonna crying laughing we
realize we realized I could do the smile
that the it clown does he tucks his lip
out he goes hey Abby Mayer heaven bro I
can see you but you got somewhere to be
bruh Abraham Abraham Abraham Lincoln
paper hey bruh you got somewhere to be
over the photo Sh
where you going Lydia are we on in here
yeah yeah get away as far as you as
possible to get away as far as you as
possible
get away yes your mother only one red
balloon not to mention it says happy
birthday party City oh and we can get a
clown mask
come on costume I know
okaying the tires flat again man
something fishy's going on maybe it's
Pennywise the clown probably not though
maybe it's a fake account going down I
know right yeah good thing though we
thought ahead look at this you drive
this to the tire store meet us there at
which point we'll rendezvous drop off
the car get it fixed head to the clown
store get a car they go with Lydia Evans
mean to me although we're driving with
Evan it's not driving with Evan we just
need to get to this tire store but Evan
do you see how you're driving and
Lydia's driving and we're gonna meet
there do you see now do you understand
is it just a bunch of short people
meeting at one place or so you're not
making sense today that's what it is it
meant your son's levels down today yeah
I mean like all my not as high as usual
Garlan yeah that's Lydia special horn
horn
go hide over here
did you hear talking behind you why did
you go go about this tired how are you
dude the two tallest people are sitting
in the back look at this hope it was
some no we don't have in your for to
Lydia your foreign you don't need to be
driving if you could just make a u-turn
please it says no Yuto he's not filming
he's not family he was gonna take a
picture that's cool
got the clown costume now we need red
balloons why dunno stores in LA have red
balloon dude even here there's no like
red balloons there's like red balloons
inside of packages of multicolored
balloons
good idea Lydia you guys don't do the
helium take your pictures yeah it's a
bad day for filming inside the stores
and like I feel like it shouldn't be
this hard to get a clown costume but
okay just take a day back it's gonna be
worth it let's give up
you know what else I was thinking always
good to have flowers at the house so the
ladies I'm saying you never know when a
girl is gonna come over and you're gonna
have to act like you bought the flowers
for her so we go it is a windy day in LA
yeah back in the cripple with the creepy
ass balloons yo just looking at these
right here like this is freaking weird I
didn't used to think balloons were
creepy right until you saw the movie and
then the balloons like for a second I'm
got the roses you never know Costin yo
you haven't seen yet I think this is the
actual like you guys heard the actual
mass from it that is not cool that is no
bueno
and the shoes as well this is gonna be a
scary costume where I actually invited a
friend over who we're gonna scare first
and see like if this actually works I
was gonna keep it a surprise but but she
it's a girl it's Ella you guys know
where they just sent me this video which
actually like fits the theme of the day
what's she doing I got a text from the
concierge that Lydia is downstairs
Lydia's downstairs I'm pretty sure
Lydia's right there boy lives downstairs
using girls they're like both really
sure okay I told them they can send
Lydia up Lydia go right here we're gonna
put this balloon creepily right here on
the ceiling I'm gonna hide right here in
the closet then with Judy comes in I'm
go
was this gay yeah okay so works a little
bit yeah I got you something why the
flowers a million eyes guy accept them
can I not be a good guy what guy dressed
in a clown costume never give you
flowers
no two six seven flowers
there's the clock Wow it's the cloud
mean the dancing cloud okay so right now
we were actually outside of my friend
George's house Brennen over here oh my
god yeah so we are outside George's
house I know for a fact he's not home
Lydia can I can I get this balloon thank
you video thank you thank you his
neighbor Simmi is like super scared of
like everything so we're gonna scare her
first no don't murder me
it's the vlogger thanks for almost
killing me who is it I swear to god
officer murder yeah you know when you
said that I was like okay that was
pretty dope it's time to I don't need to
whisper anymore it's time to scare my
favorite Assyrian George Jake oh no come
on in everybody
welcome to my hat my house how should we
do this George is gonna open the door
here when I hear like I'm gonna send the
balloon flying off so when he walks in
the first thing he sees obviously
just like creepy ass floating balloon
and then he's going over the door and
then I'm okay this is kind of funny you
guys are all you guys got a duck down
behind there and then we're just gonna
kind of have to like set this camera up
here um here I'm gonna put like a towel
over it this is gonna hide the camera
hopefully oh this is good enough like
he's going on yeah bro you you crossed
ten feet
I'm not kidding what I say I might've
peed myself okay anyways thanks bro
thanks bro you're pretty athletic
Assyrian I didn't think you could cool
thanks okay little gang that is the bar
that was fun
clowns clowns don't scare me but some
people think they're freaking weird
again I didn't get paid for this I
should have I should have it movie you
owe me money
Oh if you're not a part of the low gang
make sure to subscribe baby we are these
strongest family on YouTube I will say
that every day until I dodge might be
soon given the activities I do but yeah
every day we are growing the family gets
stronger and stronger I want to hit 50
million in two years and let's that let
the road to 50 million starts now yeah
lastly if you have not yet cop you
maverick merch no the hottest merchants
are good it's a movement of people who
are going to change the world who are
not afraid to follow their dreams
burst outside of the bubble they live in
grab life by the face kiss it on the
mouth what and say I'm gonna take you
over baby
hello cobalt like I'm slash shop be a
maverick link in description I love
y'all I'll see you tomorrow
like when I hear him
