right now I'm wondering like at what
point have you taken YouTube too far I'm
just gonna start off by saying this low
gang don't hate me please don't hate me
you know this I say it every day we just
hit a year
yeah hit a year of vlogging we got the
diamond play button for hitting 10
million subscribers oh that was a lens
that was a camera lens okay okay great
anyways 100 percent thought you're gonna
drop it anyways we just hit that kind of
a big deal and we also you know I've
said it for the past few days released
these 365 Mavericks that you've assured
guys I'm not even kidding I cannot
fathom how much of a God church they're
selling like no no what's more than a
god Church Brendan a lord bro a Lord
Church it's the Lord charger and the
drop is over you cannot get these
anymore but I was like wait this is such
a thing I need to call my team the
conversation look like this how hard
would it be to make this shirt white and
make the white parts black like to
reverse everything look at me funny an
exclusive like 24 hour drop you can do
it just like 25 like I don't even know
if anyone's gonna get him bro yeah yeah
there's now a white version of this only
available for 24 hours it's like the
even more exclusive 365 shirt that's why
I'm sorry because if you like got this
one and you want to get the light one
too I just um pricketts I had to do it
again only gonna hate one of your so
yeah those look like this right here as
you can see they still got the sexy dent
the universe on the back cuz that's what
we do every single day and you know
where to get it Logan Paul calm slash
shop link in description I where is my
boy ever
dan you look good Mambo 1/2 because
you're like shorter exactly oh you want
to go downtown with me am i driving oh
god we can't do driving with having this
like a little lip into tires blighted
she represents like your career just
like falling flat on its face yeah yeah
totally
now let me go we'll dress well we're
gonna go we're gonna we're gonna do
driving with Evan to the tire store now
okay apparently not get in the car Evan
it was crazy
drive all right we're gonna determine if
we can do this I think I've done this I
don't think that it's because the tires
well I think you like those tested drive
like a little bit skimming like it just
give it the tip of driving welcome to
driving with evident mine are you hungry
I'm so hungry that way out of here yo
this is no longer driving with Evan this
is this is sitting here with Evan
if you like someone is slashing my tires
this happened two days ago we didn't
vlog it but Lydia a fact you replace my
tire someone slashed me I'm so was gonna
die if it's flat you still have a rim
that can like work as like a tire it's
not good for them but haven't slowed
down haven't slowed down haven't slowed
down good okay do the thing before you
leave do it okay Lydia can you fix can
you fix my car while we go eat
we love you Lydia I think she told us
she hates us really yeah I'm still
hungry
yeah me too let's go eat can I do a hot
chicken and a smoke shack and Logan
Poldark on /op and link in description
and subscribe this aren't things on the
menu I'm just making it up yeah but
really yes no you did it no it was too
late you were too late how many times
you guys have texted me and it's been
too late and I walk my aspect wait yeah
I was gonna say you all my fries you got
you you might hate me but more
importantly how's the car how's my baby
without a car just so you know there's
no driving with Evan no gang if she
messes up eat your fries and enjoy
are you less hangry nah bro life is good
that's that's my boy confirmed that's my
boy Holy Mother of God Libya Arlene you
did it oh my gosh look at it I'm gonna
get you some food to make up for me not
giving you food okay I'm gonna take the
the almond butter cookie my friend Lydia
here who's a doll he's gonna get the B I
don't know yet on this one almond butter
cookie yeah your opinion yeah yeah yeah
it's me sideways dude thanks Lydia
thanks for fixing my car and I'm sorry
I'm such a charge it's my least favorite
part of the day we got to give congas
eyedrops for his conjunctivitis Titus
Brutus might his status Deb hi buddy no
Airedale Airedale Airedale coming back
down wow I don't like doing that man
there's nothing more I detest than
watching my son cry be free calm yo you
know what that reminds me uh all this
talk of Kong being sick and stuff like
dude we should get an STD test what do
you mean we me you would have it but
it's like looking at me like okay zero
what about yo come on it's a good idea
you know hits response it's a
responsible thing to do we could also do
a little like learning lesson with this
vlog bro yeah like the kids can learn
from us a little public service that are
exactly
hello low gang I'm here to talk about
STDs otherwise known as sexually
transmitted diseases yep nowadays kids
are fornear than ever they go around dry
humping pillows and socks like the
apocalypse is coming something you might
not know almost everyone has multiple
STDs and they're going to die
but it's possible yeah so make sure you
practice safe sex with the condom as
shown here shake it like you put on you
and if you don't use a condom you run
the risk of getting an STD from a hoe no
way no even worse sometimes there are no
symptoms even worse sometimes your
condom breaks the good news is that you
could use it as a bracelet
in conclusion wrap it up and have lots
of safe sex
as long as it doesn't get in the way of
your homework like and subscribe I feel
like this is horrible
let's go kids having to take the SCD do
you want to get an STD test with us why
sexually transmitted diseases like see
y'all I told you you never know man just
like some of these girls bro in LA like
frickin oh you peed next to me get back
to you from the air that's not gonna see
these oh no it's just like I feel like
it's a responsible thing to do it might
be that time in my life but here's the
rules if it comes back and you have an
STD or Brendon as well
oh god you gotta tell the Internet Brock
that's that's their like not how
confident are you bro
I'm confident too I'm gonna do
Oh so our girl Lydia has I found us a
place to get checked what is this place
Lydia you just walk in and get checked
for STDs the Hollywood walk-in clinic
ugly joke about this oh I guess it's not
a serious matter
Oh ding okay do you think you have your
free bro not for your dwarf ism but
other than that it should be good
hey get up if I do end up having an STD
I don't give it to you you know you're
my boy so I will gladly accept that
attitude you just getting real you get
an STD you die and it's a fact how did
you find out about us my assistant Lydia
me it's my big day I'm positive I'm not
positive just gotta roll up my sleeves
on the March why do I feel like I'm on a
freaking like spy mission right now like
everything is so undercover so low-key
this is a weird process especially since
I have like rave music playing right now
oh okay
I'm in the bathroom no rave music in
here buddy I gotta this is urine test as
I said it's a good thing I got the
bladder of a camel bro I gotta pee right
now I'm wondering like at what point
have you taken YouTube too far like
what's the difference between private
life and public life anymore I do for
the low being bro I know for you guys
that I should show this maybe I should
blurt it but I peed in the cup and now
yeah it's give me all the polio you're
in cups I need Evan so in the meantime
you go ahead and pee in your cup and
I'm waiting for Evan right now I need to
get a thumbnail with all three of us 700
she doesn't get YouTube's you don't know
I need a thumbnail go get mama that's
never how you feel bruh I haven't peed
in a cup in a long time hey there it's
been a minute bro I feel good about it
me too she do yeah right it's important
bro it is important kids don't have sex
what no you just got to be responsible
that's the only thing that's what we're
trying to do right now we're in the STD
bathroom the hospital STD man
Yeah right I don't know this probably
has to be somewhere in here drop it in
the box
my urine results two to three business
days
oh you stiff these are you stiff thank
you okay
you good you got the fresh air wake up
we got you fine okay Wow so I'll okay we
got that to look forward to two to three
days of just waiting to see if we have
sexually transmitted diseases yeah okay
hello gang that is the vlog it was fun
today was definitely interesting and
education and educational Brenda so we
have like I said the STD results to look
forward to in the next couple days and
like I said no matter what happens no
matter what happens we're gonna say the
results out loud online for all the
Internet to know whoa I'm not nervous
I'm Jillian okay yeah the white maverick
365 doesn't universe shirt again just a
little salt Bay on the internet dropped
in the hottest merch in the game logo
Paul calm slash shop link in description
you have 24 hours to get that should you
decide to do it and subscribe if you're
not a part of the low game alright guys
I love y'all and I will see you tomorrow
taking this
