yes I am wearing or exclusive maverick
365 University for three days and three
days in a row that's because it is
limited edition I just want to I want to
take this YouTube play button and pound
it on your head no I don't know I don't
I don't
I meant like a shortly you know that
it's gonna be gone and become a limited
edition item soon home over to get it
local Paul that kind of slash shop or a
link in description I feel bad I just
said I was gonna be two of the men
diamond play button anyways Lydia Lydia
please heal me guys I'm sick guys I had
Lydia go to the store and give me the
goods what what did you woody bring all
classics for quilling in the day
emergency cuz that's what that is
emergency pull that way canister real
quick this is super cute why does he
only like girls clever it's like an
emergency
she kind of do this by sea it's it's
it's not spite yeah it is was it hmm hmm
it's good bro what else that Lydia you
took him to the vet yesterday what'd
they say what does he have he does have
conjunction junction either way we gotta
put these drops in his eyes Oh
what song hates his eyes being guys it's
horrible guys this is not animal abuse
he has conjunction is the Boston I who
look we're doing it we're doing it it's
okay buddy oh did you get that one oh
you did so good that was good look
by the air like a happy family except
with chef Kong because he's got things
to do apparently Oh your bird what are
we doing today of it whoa I was gonna
say blood stuff really guys we don't we
don't have a plan today your consumption
dividers function is giving to you I get
it you're scared but I'm gonna have to
save your life don't move one two three
four five just made out with me I
haven't made out with one dog yeah not
one I love chocolate chip cookies and
Lydia you're like she's killing it this
morning Lydia oh my god I didn't even
tell her to do it she's doing the big
cookie
oh it's now how many O's do you fit in
your stomach not only one one prove it
cookie in your hand washing your boy
chase your dog one thing I do know I
have today is meetings meetings meetings
meetings 22 years old man I gotta be an
adult sometimes unfortunately today's
one of those days
maverick business is no joke Pro it also
this is my uber hello crazy
Uber's just like all the girls in my
life run it away I'm just feeling kind
of tired guys there's not many things
that are worse than being sick besides
like maybe like racism in America that's
pretty awesome I can be pretty bad too
but I live in LA so get prospered anyway
by the way okay I was reading comments
on yesterday's vlog and they're like
yeah like this he even washes shit yo I
got these on deck bro new shirts
everyday just like my plate
it's me Logan your client hello hello yo
yo listen you know what I like you
always say that in like ten years row
we're gonna watch this vlog to be like
every we really like talking about it
and everyone were here is gonna be like
no we're gonna be actually up in the
universe
well okay cool
frickin business pro you cannot become
the world's biggest entertainer
overnight fires some hard work okay guys
I'm not gonna lie I'm bored if you
couldn't tell my man Brendan told me an
interesting fact Rena what did you say
Rob so I heard that if you put a broken
plate in hot little hot milk it'll bind
it back together and fix the plug ass
two legs broke in place food and guess
who likes hot milk
Brendan no he loves hot milk so we get
home
Lydia asked me a question Brendan loves
hot milk I don't even like Tom milk no
no we okay here's why actually if you
smash a plate and then you put it in hot
milk and no don't don't don't smash
smash the plate and then you put in hot
milk and they're like glues yourself
together
Lydia fact-check Oh nudes use heated
milk to repair your crack China milk
contains protein caffeine that was he
can be formed into a natural place Oh
told you bro yo there's only one thing
we gotta do
smack Kevin in the face can't stop your
thumb ah I can tell this is real however
given the gentleness of my arm
I like your good bro I'm not gonna ask
are you gonna be okay
nice little bitch today
you know what Bernie quick quick sidebar
Kong don't need that quick little
apology to the well gang I'm aware my
vlogs have devolved into just fighting
my door for roommate please just make no
glue we need to get the milk hot which
is which is taking place here
why are you spilling it it's not like my
fault it's just that what you don't know
you don't know I use a gallon milk say a
minute a minute want this to like turtle
or something because if you keep it in
here too long that's nothing I'm sorry
pause did you say curdle yeah it's gonna
get chunky curdle that's just a funny
word but sounds like it reminds me of
the word like boobs I don't know why I
don't know I just said that
yeah mine's being nice Pam boobs it's
not just me about colonel colonel breast
milk oh why did you do that if we're
going in he took his lucky charm why
would you do that hey hey Brendon don't
drink all my hot milk before I can do my
blog here we have our broken plate we're
just gonna throw it into the earth I
think it has to be in the position of
like Oh
get it Evan milk is hot milk is hot boy
oh yeah look at that milk steaming and
just so curly and whatnot I'm the one
who likes hot milk that's great look at
oh is that what curdling is I still
reminds me of boobs I our curdled milk
sit there and then yeah the timecard you
know I was sitting here I was like what
better way to pass the kind of classic
boy and then I was like welcome to but
you gotta pay Paul would
no longer reminds me of boobs no longer
hydrops part - oh you got Kentucky dick
ass out guys being a dad is hard just
ask my dad who's watching all this dad
is being a dad hard thanks dad ah dad
speak to your grandson he'd be Kong if
you were here he's already called
how can he be more Kong than he already
is he's calling the Savage I'm never
calling cuz even when I'm sleeping I'm
not Stevie yo what do we do
Lydia what are we doing no this is skin
horrible good dog good dog Kong no
puppies that's a good boy okay be free
and ease out he's got stuff to do Polly
I'm never having a child
just kidding bro the clique they would
be under
really knows I love water and he brings
me so many cases the water brother love
you Billy what happens if he has to move
to Calabasas would you bring him an hour
like my brother's house is in Calabasas
and we're talking about my real life
house problems he just called me today
he's like he's like new to Calabasas I
love my brother meetings business
meetings oh oh come an hour to the LA
oh no they'll come to you don't worry
Jason Flom will drive downtown from
downtown to you yes this has got real
with me bro I don't want to be in a dojo
I want to be a kitting Ben fidgets with
the rest of my laser then we'll just
rent a place that's how you waste money
instead of making investment into the
future you won't leave the future you
won't dent the universe by renting ass I
can't wear this shirt if I if I didn't
rent a house no the sickest shirt on the
internet right now Zach
selling like hotcakes by the voice you
better go get it cuz it's almost out
that is the blog it was a little slow
today I had to get as you saw like a lot
of business stuff done I'm adopting
Burrell however I do want to take this
time to tell you guys about a maverick
moment I was thinking about today as you
guys know the word maverick is someone
who exhibits great independence in
thought or action it's like the black
sheep it's the person who's might be
like a little bit different than
everyone else
aka my whole life when I was in high
school just a young shot in high school
we were go to school dances and there is
this kid his name was Jesse and every
dance like before the music started
bumping Jesse would go in the middle of
the dance for a block by himself would
just start dancing no exaggeration like
this
two hours straight I'm not even kidding
end of the dance like his outfit is
soaked in sweat it was like a little
over way and most kids were like weirded
out or I wasn't sure what he was doing
but meanwhile me before I even knew what
the word maverick meant I was like yo
there's something special about that kid
I like Jesse's I would go and I cheer my
cuz I liked what jesse was doing even
though everyone else started was weird I
was like that's a special kid that was I
didn't know it at the time but that was
a man and I respect that bro like it's
the Mavericks who are gonna change the
world I stand by that and I preach that
every day so Jesse shouts do you my man
okay guys that is the vlog if you're not
a part of the low gang make sure to
subscribe mind your mat for moment do
something that makes you different grab
your merch star rap and join the family
does every day y'all know we're denting
the universe you do not have a lot of
time to get these swooping while you can
look at all that cop slash out link in
description I love you guys know see you
tomorrow tell me help
