you're my brother if you want to go
somewhere else is I just want to ask you
questions to clear up what everyone's
thinking what I know and get your side
of the story and just just let the
audience form the opinion here it is Al
Capone Ile okay with that it's Friday
I'm feeling good here on Logan Paul
vlogs yo if you're not part of the
family what what what you do it we may
want to do just hanging over to play my
passengers get worse and worse every day
solid this is a solid one your cabinets
cost like ten thousand dollars to
estimate Khalifa because I knew in my
last place because the cabinets were
messed up and they charged me two
thousand dollars to fix them this is
good guys because we're actually
searching for a new house I think we're
really close to finding it which is good
cause Congress have to run around Lydia
my vaping anymore does that mean Nikki
does that for hours literally just by
himself look he going through those bad
really
would you just per hours he just runs
back and forth I just need a bigger
space dude you guys I just need more
place to bring warmer straight into
launches and most importantly more
dwarves the throat yeah
that's my roommate Evan I love it look
at my boy got the essentials in his
little setup here we've got the laptop
we got the cell phone the camera but
most importantly Oh have you guys been
vibing
yeah we've been having a good
conversation the same bad laugh oh whoa
you guys are moving fast
yesterday's vlog I got that for Evan
just because he's my friend or four
years after I love you bro
I love you bro
well I love you bro oh wow that's
actually really just to prove how much I
love you I'm in Texas
Oh anyway ah ah thing something like
this I'm a flippin machete over my best
friend one other thing I want to point
out yo check out the shirt low gang as
you guys know my man Brendan's got his
charcoal Shivan knows anything
I forgot my role like Oh any brothers
nice who got you that broke you did
wrong Kevin's got his charcoal maverick
shirt on what the Rolex can you move
your chance for me so I can show off my
merch you just thank you with the
rolling bro that is a wrap fabric duck
Terry hey dude odd today it is it'd be
fun because first we're going to West
Coast Huffman's actually to check on the
cool yeah I know it's been a minute
since we've seen the cool bus as you
guys know we dropped it off maybe like
two months ago we're getting this thing
absolutely decked out gonna be the
coolest bus on the road Thank You Mara
yeah that's not a new agenda so here are
some fun things that are happening today
numero uno my bro little Jake Paul is
about to hit 10 million subscribers bro
hey Z do de pablo just say that came in
the youtube gaming just getting ruined
it you didn't ruin it go things up no no
really man I'm proud of him it's good
that we're both were both above 10
million now which is cool man he's
killing it he's getting a house too but
you know most importantly my brother got
a new dog stuff y'all I have a dog to
improve so today I want to get calls to
meet Jake's new dog Apollo for the first
time obviously I told Jake I was using
that as a my thumbnail in my clickbait
first
hit ten million subscribers I can do it
okay Wow a little nervously the last
time Brennan we saw the cool bus there
was a there's a homeless man there was a
home yeah yeah that was terrific
yo if you guys remember this is where we
shot that music video rise of the pawls
and I think in about this area right
here was where I said this line but he
still got his busy contractor forever
regretting that moment why did I say I'm
addicted I Disney Channel anymore I feel
so stupid why I get yourself together
Logan you're gonna fuck him again when
you die if you go to West Coast
hospitals are having probably what's
going Friday right right how are you all
I got didn't you order this limo does a
rainbow limo no no came to the school
book oh yeah but he still got his Disney
contract the technical stuff is done is
all done now it's time for the beauty
yeah that's the stuff I like Melly Oh
baby this is like I might cry dude
they've stripped everything from in here
and are preparing for it to be the most
epic School Bus in the world
here we go love gang putting in a mini
fridge got to have it for your beverages
and whatnot over here we got the toilet
for and whatnot this is sick dude
without the seats and everything super
spacious in here everyone seems to fit
as in you you guys you sit and she's
like a nothing
Evans good we're good to go don't you
worry I will be back soon and when I do
oh my god the epicness taking place dude
I love your eyes thank you brother
you're my car dad yes sir I'll see you
I'll see you later tonight
okay now I don't know if you guys could
tell but Evans watches a little big on
him nope too big for the van so we're at
the mall right now we're actually going
to get a link removed that way my boy
will have some wobbly ass ratchet ass
Rolex yeah this is the most depressing
wall I've ever been there's nothing look
look at the walls the floors aren't even
aware
we're oh I also don't really trust a
place with a role I just for everyone
knows this was Lydia's idea your idea oh
there's alright there we go
a watch store it's looking good breath
those those are gain up those dings are
just people walking into the China we're
here logging it's perfect baby you're so
out here oh I swear I'm not kidding I
feel cooler walking next to you with
that arm robot that I make you look cool
like I thank you I really needed this
hair has really turned into a mop lately
oh you guys my brother is about to hit
10 million this is real time and funny
because we are actually parked outside
of our potential port pretentious new a
god damn it potential new house just so
these people behind me don't get like
stalked and killed it's like a mile down
the road but yeah we were about to check
it out for the first time I think this
is a little bit bigger of a deal this is
my little brother Rob sub G it's good
how are you bro no I can see why he's a
little nervous I wouldn't trust a blonde
Josh like me either just excited this is
what happened with me - people are like
unsubscribing than subscribing because
everyone wants to be ten million it's
just like - underwhelming it really is
yeah it is congratulations Jake welcome
to the 10m pub my brothers in - ten
million subscribers on YouTube you too
man you too he wasn't as excited in his
knee on this day of May 9th it was the
date August 18th on this day of August
19 2017 on this day of August 18 2017
local pub got to speak English we cannot
show you guys the house yet because
apparently there's like negotiations me
yeah negotiations are going on and they
won't let me vlog it but I will say
we're gonna let you know how we feel
about it and we're going to be
completely honest as soon as we do it so
your room oh I'm not just saying it it's
if the house is surreal
yeah apparently while we were there like
checking it out seems we were actually
going to get it they closed the deal bro
so like I just like it's got a size the
bases we go through fuckers oh it's
crazy like I feel I'm adulting I'm
buying houses and getting car upgrade
DCE Eddie's going to be done next week
then it's just freakin nuts oh man I
can't wait to show you guys the house
I'm gonna make it like a big thing out
of it maybe even like a music video
though huh I got a new house I don't
know I don't know anyway okay guys the
older Paul brother I feel like it's not
I should get involved in what's going on
on YouTube okay guys so apparently uh as
usual there's some drama going on on
YouTube and once again as usual it
involves my brother oh my god you ready
give this to me real quick I'm by the
way guys I'm learning about this all
this right now but a Jake live
subscriber count' I just missed
something cuz cuz I could have sworn
Yeah right Brendan's looking at me weird
dude
actually did we see him at 10 million
about sorrow in my own eyes yeah so this
is this weird I'm sitting here I'm like
what's going on to subscribers
okay yeah oh yes I know that I'm just
like I'm trying to understand why and I
think I know why there's like some some
Jake Jake's vlog yesterday that my
assistant got assaulted is she did have
a very prominent bruise on her neck but
apparently the person who they accused
of doing this is like says it didn't
happen or something and like they made a
video against Jake and result but right
so scary it's like burning man so it's
the hell man YouTube's supposed to be a
happy place did I'm just kidding i
freaking love drama but when it involves
my brother and the accusations are
getting a serious is this I'm like I try
to take a step back evaluate both sides
whatever I don't know what's going on
I'm kind of ignorant in the subject of
discussion but I will educate myself
shortly here I just figured I to address
this for you the Logan but you know back
to the happy blog that I like guys I'm
sorry this okay so with YouTube and
vlogging everything as you guys know is
so invasive now like I've come to really
enjoy my privacy I value it so much more
now that you guys see like I said about
80% of my life I've made that sacrifice
so you guys can live and be
be everyday and have some for my
entertainment to do after you're done
with work homework whatever it is
watching your kids whatever the fuck it
is that's what I'm here for master
that's what that's what the local gang
is here for I just okay I got educated
on the topic that I just said I was
going to get educated on I know we said
you were going to go meet Apollo today
but we are actually going to postpone
this guys I was wondering what I was
going to do about this whole situation
because when it comes to real-life drama
such as in this case which we're dealing
with alleged assault it's a little bit
too real for me especially when my last
name is involved in the form of g8 I
know this kid guys I've grown up with in
my whole life 18 19 20 20 20 years now
yeah I'm just gonna I'm gonna I'm going
to question Meg I'm going to question
jate you can ask anyone on this team
everyone sitting in this room knows that
the number one policy in this space the
Maverick space is honesty be number two
quality is being a sadness three a
maverick Oh maverick you go sleep I
thought we were done but also we don't
sleep we Gore I anyways you distracted
me brothers bloggers get weirder every
day it's 24/7 24/7 bed you pick the rope
we got honesty guys whether it's me
pitching Brennan an idea for a vlog or
if he likes a picture or Jeff thinks
this business I've used we're always
honest with each other that said I'm
gonna head over to Jake and hopefully
get you guys the full and complete the
story this just kickin daddy Paul coming
to save his day ah ah it's gonna be
awkward for some funny guys
I'm about to be the first youtuber ever
hit ten million twice no one's ever
gonna be able to do that again it's
weird because today earlier today I was
like oh my god hit ten million and I
will look back and he didn't he loses
his Cobbers they got if you're in the
low gang make sure to go stop subscribe
my brother he's been hit twice I'm a hit
record breaking you are much as much
questions do you think YouTube like was
making your diner play button I was like
oh oh and they put it like shelved it no
you're my brother you want to go
somewhere else is I just want to ask you
questions to clear up what everyone's
thinking what I know and get your side
of the story and just just let the
audience form the opinion as as we know
there are two sides to every story but
everyone skews things in certain ways
and I know who you
human being more than anyone else in
this world sorry mom and dad
oh yeah do you want to like sit down
somewhere maybe here yeah sit right here
cool I also think it's that bro that
this is the first time meeting a dog
before we start I just want to say like
this
likewise I got to be such like weird
tension okay I won't have your hit
YouTube dude okay let's let's just dive
right into this I want to start by
saying um and thanks thanks thanks video
something that stuck out to me and again
I'm just stating facts he never once
explicitly said that the whole assault
same by the way is Megan here yeah okay
oh hi Megan we're gonna bring her in
shortly but he never once explicitly
said that it did not happen which to me
as a viewer means there's a very good
chance something like this went down
yes so it like I did happen that's why
he never directly denied it happening he
knows that there's footage and the
police are getting the footage so okay
I'm that no the manager of Warwick said
no police report was ever filed yeah so
I just so happened to take a picture of
Megan and with the police filing the
police vehicle it's barely this is when
when was this picture taken this is
yesterday she's wearing the same outfit
as she was in the video and my blog
whatever okay great so just to clear up
everything there a police report once
filed I'm not sure what the club is
denying that or what is the police
report oh I imagine the club is trying
to stay out of it guys I'm looking at
the police report right now so the tapes
are on their way which resin over here
son of a bitch the fact that he didn't
know that she was on Team ten means it
could have been any girl which and we
just happen to have a voice to be able
to like bro would let out hotly because
it is a huge problem and it needs to be
stopped
yeah I agree I agree so that is then
till then let's get let's go to what
banks said the reason why it may have
happened is because he was under the
influence of drugs and/or alcohol most
definitely alcohol but he's claiming
that a member of team 10 drugged him
which my opinion right now that is the
biggest hypothetical and a big finger to
point at someone so that that to me is a
wall goes up just like because I'm like
okay like again hi let's say
hypothetically that happens still not an
excuse to put your hands on a woman
under under no circumstances is that an
excuse to put your hands on a woman can
I talk to Megan yeah again would you
mind sitting out of the circle here
there she is there's the woman of the
hour
I see this thank so you're still a
little purple and green even a couple
days after yeah so just to let you guys
know when I first saw this video like
straight up I was like I just haven't
discussed this just like you said I
don't around with this question for you
why is banks denying that he was kissing
another girl I mean I literally saw and
I remember this vividly we saw him from
the balcony and two people I was with
her like that bank and I was like
there's no way he's sitting up with that
other girl and that's not Alyssa so he
cuz he claimed to have his friends
around him the whole time
of course his friends are gonna have his
back yeah and he's like I know he's
tweeting like stuff like screenshots of
people texting them being like hey I saw
you you didn't do anything just like I
could have Anthony anyone in this house
text me and say oh I was there and I saw
it happen it's not valid at all true I
also want to say one thing like you're
not an actor right I love you so anyone
what did you come out to LA to do
alright singing okay so where you from
you're from Colorado you're not an actor
I can see you're like you're sort of
getting emotional about this guy's this
is not a girl who who has the even
slightest ability to lie I'm an actor I
see through it I can see through people
on YouTube like that but I think the
problem here is that it goes beyond
lying it goes beyond the fact that the
people involved I'll believe what
they're saying and they deem that as the
truth which is which is an issue when it
comes to who you are as a human being
because then it's not lying if you if
you believe something is true and you
speak that aloud and you really actually
believe it who can blame you right it
just it comes down to facts and like
hopefully this video will shed some
light on the situation okay so there may
have been a tangent I'm not a counselor
just a vlogger the next thing I found
kind of sickening was that they said
Jake was abusive and he has assaulted
females in the past and even went as far
to say he has spit on girls I've never
seen you I'm not even kidding you're a
guy I've never seen damn my life let
alone on someone or near someone if
you're showing disdain upon them that's
not how you've ever handled your problem
so I know when I saw that I'm just like
eyes
that's fall and then when I when I keep
hearing these things that may or may not
be true and they're proven to be false
and false and false and false at what
point are used like yo this like this
whole story is that well not only that
but it's like people can just say
whatever they want and unless there's
hard proven facts all of them then then
there's no validity and you the audience
even in any of these situations any
drama online not just this one unless
there's facts and and proof you
shouldn't believe it because it's not
credible okay I wasn't sure which I
guess in this scenario is going to come
to fruition in the form of DVD not even
that but like for them to say that I
even laid a finger on ELISA is the most
absurd thing in the world she made a
video it was like her video that she
came out and like told the truth on
everything in the situation on why she
left the team pan out don't you think in
that video she would have mentioned that
I was abusive if she really wanted to
get everything off of her chest which
she didn't mention it there she didn't
mention that I didn't spit on there
there she didn't mention any of those
things and now all of a sudden she wants
to make that up and bring that up it's
childish to me that's a very good point
I'm not going to say anything I'm gonna
let the audience decide on that
obviously I don't take the whole abuse
thing lightly and he also said you
abused Erica so they basically said that
I also was abusing Erica or something to
her or whatever it was which is the most
untrue thing in the world she lives with
me were like I'm actually so I'm gonna
call Erica and so that shows i'ma call
Erica okay yeah
she had a new number change and now
she's calling me doctor yes hey it's
Logan Paul I just have one quick
question
just like answer it truthfully yeah all
right has Jake ever and you can be
honest with me has Jake ever laid a
finger on you or dare I go as far to say
as abused you in any way shape or form
literally loving never and like I'm
sitting here watching these videos with
people thank you spit on me and I'm
getting so like angry because I was
about to know where these British coming
from I guess honestly making me mad join
the club
I'm making a vlog about it it's my title
and thumbnail okay that's a lot of you
said I love yous all right well I bye
yes I even she even mentioned dis bitch
thing like that was like never happen I
think what you could take away from them
saying that and not having any
credibility on it is the fact that they
are that like most of that whole entire
video is them like making stuff up just
to fire back at me and to bring me down
we're just sitting here telling you the
truth and again we don't want to drive
okay I'm sorry I just want to come by
because you guys know this like a puppy
just a puppy I'm the only one on planet
earth that is allowed to make fun of my
brother made a diss track against umbra
is just like like I do that not other
people especially when it gets real can
you come here I hope you're okay
hopefully the police are going to solve
it for real I'm just going to come out
I'm sorry I'm like genuinely from the
bottom of my heart sorry you had to get
dragged into this kid's life and all
this YouTube drama and craziness that
goes down welcome to the vlog Lord
Morley's bro I just want to say thank
you for putting yourself out there for
my vlog it's so I can get the views and
subscribers yeah I need subscribers to
mr. hit 10 million yeah please again all
we want to do on this platform literally
the reason we started a year ago is just
to bring the light and positivity the
fuck man it's happy to get rid of
positivity to the platform and we just
do it for fun and when our name is
potentially slandered and what I say our
because although he's the only one
involved he has the same last name as me
brothers actual factual and I think like
what he's saying is we want to use this
platform for good
and and influence people in the right
way and how things I should be and again
we got the whole thing was drawn out of
proportion and getting away from the
fact that a human was assaulted by
another human which is where this all
started and the rest of it to me is the
S agree so just try to stay positive
guys when the fan as long as you have
friends family people you care about and
people who know who you are in a few
you're rooted in actual truth you can be
a ok you lose right you can be a ok on
another note I bought a house today
no no why is that your title insomnia ah
tomorrow i meanö the looking hasn't
seen yet anyway I love you Jake bye ah
hey drama God as soon as we left Jake
asked me to come back in and be in his
video I just I just I didn't know what I
was doing I said yes I'm bored so I just
want to give a shout out to JP you for
making the same exact video that I did
anyways that's it let's go home I'm so
sorry I I listened to this interview on
the way back of a phase talking to the
face banks talking to this guy and I
just I'm just gonna ask I'm just gonna
ask a couple more questions I'm so sorry
ok I stuck I'm sorry I gotta have my
brother's back especially in situations
like this but the finger pointing at em
is so big and in such a negative thing
Jake Paul I think you're an idiot but
this just isn't adding up for me okay
listen and I kind of like elbow the
scroll the neck or something or like
like I don't know I don't know what I
did like to this girl but I definitely
1,000% sure I didn't intentionally
assault this girl it's just I wrote
intentional or unintentional not stop
here okay so here's what I wanted to
bring this up this kid is 6 foot 5 at
the 6 foot 5 guy in a club Megan is
maybe how a taco would you see me like
by the Knicks I was gonna say 5 6 as a 6
foot got a 5 guy in a club
unless you're dancing like this is no
not even like it was your arms down here
unless you're dancing like this and like
I've seen Fey he seems like he has some
swag he's probably not dancing like this
like that's the only are you good from
are you good bro that's the only way I
can see he's like karate chops his girl
in the neck logic people don't get hit
here I'm trying to think even if you
even even if you swing up it's like a
chin right you swing down or like an
elbow lands on a shoulder right but does
there's no way that your elbow is
hitting this girl who is almost a foot
short
than you in in the neck you have to go
beneath the face under the chin and hit
her in the neck unintentional part
doesn't make sense
anyways I guys that said that is the
vlog I think everyone in this situation
need you just take a deep breath myself
included I'm going to do now and go to
you good bro calm again that's why oh
you G ood be ro calm take the survey man
just to you like are you good bro if
you're not in the part of the loved guy
make sure you subscribe normally our
vlogs you're way more lifting this I
don't know what's going on but Robin
Matt from our Thomas Merton games go out
be different be passionate be unique
guys follow your goals do not let anyone
stop you from achieving what you want to
do I believe you guys the link for the
merchants in the description I will see
you tomorrow I Love You Man frickin low
game for life
are you you don't fuck with them okay
