it's got a happy bro yesterday I got you
said you won't you tell you on it you
say whatever like
three two one hey good morning Logan was
bop are you good you don't do my vlog
no we just there's 10 million
subscribers I got below I had blue they
like backwards and deflating actually Oh
machete action yeah Danah balloons are
down got some brand new holes in the
wall welcome to love involve loves make
sure to subscribe the choices okay I got
another good day here on LP watch it ok
for life can't just give a sháá guys
get a little high sometimes Joe are you
good now though huh Oh a 9 you don't
talk I'll talk to my other pet how are
you caught along the server Joe he has a
new brother now since my brother just
got a new dog named Apollo I believe hi
ha ha count a mrs. Stroeve what it was
the door mouth you they're asking me
it'll make a bet on the game the door
carrionite I could have paid them a loss
to they tried John me the kiddie pool to
the word no people with 3 feet on 4 foot
bunker John go out of it bro come on go
go you're back oh oh oh god good to have
you back my god what did you do to piss
the door off yours well they get pissed
off so easily slide the short-tempered
bro anyways just good to have you back
what are you doing
Oh
no no no welcome back to this love game
that's my boy that's my boy
Oh God y'all haven't much fun yeah we
got missing posters for you and
everything go well it's actually missing
huh you know I wasn't old ah I I had a
rough estimate of where you were oh I
appreciate you wearing the merch in
these photos I'm pretty sure that's
photoshopped no Logan Paul Comstock
join the movement be a very good start
to the day we got our boy back let's see
what else's mom I guess we could start
with this yeah yeah I don't know what
happened oh that's actually yeah this is
pretty disbelief caught bro this is the
life of a vlogger man this is the life I
chose also why did my parents make me
blow get bald
I've long rose anatomy woogie boy so
cleaned off put a bandaid on good for
not dying and stuff and I stepped
outside for a second because I think I
think this is a good time to say this
Evan and I had a four-year friendship
anniversary like maybe a week and a half
ago I wanted to get him a dope gift but
so I got him horses I got a Motorola but
it didn't get delivered in time I was
going to bring it to the dwarf world
gainsaid I just ended up surprising him
and then later in the vlog I made a
comment that if that video got to really
like I would give him a roll at two
million likes of this video not by Evan
relax just get it please like it why I
don't know why I said that like I had
already bought him a Rolex sitting
inside right now and just to prove to
you guys that I had already bought it
and I've had it for a week Evan just
hasn't been here here's a video I took
when I received it in the mail
okay guys is Monday August 7 I actually
just got back from the dwarf game and I
see this bro like you were supposed to
be here two days ago
Seiler a dark inside a box oh look
another box inside that box yeah what a
good I don't know if you guys can see
but you know that logo okay well we got
oh another box classic oh my god this is
so official oh this is hard with one
hand I'm a vlogger I got this I see the
watch is hard to do with one hand I'm
gonna have to like bite my camera mm-hmm
okay here we go okay
Oh heaven bro this is a twenty thousand
dollar whoa ah thanks a slogan guys that
was actually 11 days ago I've just been
sitting out there waiting for this vlog
for forever but you know another sad
thing that kind of happened to my mom
live yeah vlog mom had to go back to I
can't hold on sigh god dammit why did
people always so party proud trying to
blog try to work huh oh no respectful of
law party's over
wrap it up and go to oh they never seem
to listen to me anyways yeah my mom left
this morning I before she left I wanted
to show her the role act here was her
reaction you know what's in here Oh
crown it's a Rolex mom whoa you got it
for Evan yeah oh wow
can I just say I didn't get a birthday
present yes you did the low game which
you have your birthday oh I like the
Wall Street diamonds better anyways
let's go inside try to avoid Evan I want
to show you guys the watch and see like
the diamond sparkle and the Sun it's my
big big happiness in the other room I
have to whisper so he doesn't hear me
so this $20,000 Rolex has been sitting
here for like 11 days now normally how
to be worried about someone seeing it
but this is like just above his eye line
I think I'm good oh you know this thing
is absolutely beautiful
okay I'm not a wash guy or even like a
jewelry guy really Brendan agreed with
me on this when we saw this thing like
this is beautiful
Oh Logan this thing is I see man so I'm
going to put this back until later but
let's go mess with our boy a bit all
right thank you
I want to spoil your Evan Evan I want to
spoil you bro how it's your big day
attend my birthday it's your big day
you're back bro I want to I want to
don't take you out
I want take you out to lunch
let's go at lunch bro I'm probably like
having serious bro like five-star really
expensive la miel alright dad we know
well while he's insane if we can do this
you can cross off find out oh okay my
man we're pulling out you are in for a
treat this is McDonald's knows
it yeah it's McDonald it's not a
five-star restaurant just dude budgets
tight bro we just got evicted and stuff
well that doesn't mean a house sells I'm
saying we gotta save money Jean is my
first time - I get my hopes up I thought
you look at me rollin for anniversary so
don't you play me just over so I can't
trust you anymore having my feelings
I think I'm auntie Roz applause and eat
food there are kids in Africa here we go
Evan you're gonna thank me later
yo real quick how funny is it that he
brought up the roller you can you get
that you have to be happy to have a
happy meal so if you shot a salty right
now oh you want a happy meal bro yes we
have one happy meal we do the
cheeseburger with our new chief so I
have budget cuts get in the house - bro
do we have to save our money on the stop
dude this happy meal is gonna change
your mood I hope oh thank you wow I just
wanna point out guys this is not a brand
deal for McDonald's because man
you're welcome man anyways here's your
meal Oh
you'll slowly but surely he's getting
happy all the time yeah you got fries oh
I have you I see you have you in it I'm
getting there
and then it's not over yet well we got
this this bread with a patty
yummy how you happy now I knew it worked
okay so now the Evans in a little bit
better of a mood I'm gonna take my boy
are you ready for this bill yeah play
really well I would thank you shopping
bro let's go faithful that roll leg not
for a Rolex we're just gonna I feel like
we could get you some clothes like
appliances like utensils Lebanese
appliances Dollar Tree bro whatever you
want knocks again just stop whining
please there are kids in Africa only
make any sense this kids all over the
world here we go oven anything you want
anything you want I'm actually only
gonna give them like one thing what
what's up you can get one thing just
don't whine remember the kids maybe you
want this there we go
see you later alligator those docile I
thought these rolls of toilet papers
because you've Walter maybe you
want this walk out and then you want to
play bro Oh a glass wait never broken a
glass plate we could get that place I
want to get this over with
what did I say the kids broke you can
get one
oh we got a glass plate we got full
bellies I just this day couldn't get any
better my man I have a surprise for you
my god it's not what it's going to be no
it is dude 100% right now I think you're
gonna come close for this what's up my
man we're going to the zoo right now I
know all of us are going to do I know
you love the zoo I know you I know I
know I know you want to do Evan loves
animals let's go to do this is Petco
budget cuts bro I knew it was gonna be a
lie that's a sign
barking and that we can go in and like
check out the fish or something stop
stop stop
Evan Evan stop dude you're always a
disappointing I'm not a disappointment
this big patch inside pack go and also I
need that more dog food for Kong you
love that dong one of me don't you it's
uh yes daddy look it's a guinea pig look
Ivan a bird look Ivan face look Ivan a
snake look Ivan Lydia look Ivan dog toys
oh I'm actually gonna get this one for
cause because you stop this duck
bringing it for whoa was that a man
great for a happy break Matt you're Matt
still pissed off at you oh come on Evan
car garage ooh squeaky toys
oh hey left the duck okay Congo we have
something more important to talk about
so Evan is in his room pouting I think
it's time we give him the real surprise
of the day but if you kind of like
messing with him I'm a six I had Lydia
run to the store and give me something
special yeah I'm gonna put this nice
blue kitty watch in the Rolex box purple
what it's purple color Thursday was blue
Danny I'm colorblind did you shoot a lot
under the color cushion many of you I'm
gonna put this out purple watch in the
Rolex box okay he's gonna be so bad
like I feel like at this point you might
think like some things are going down
and it's going to think it's like a fake
Rolex prank and I'll just go handled
$20,000 watch this is a happy piece of
material right here clicking the new
watch on can you imagine I be so sad bro
so mad the pasta soldiers the boxes did
you can be
hey what can you possibly guy you
watching family guy here Peter Griffin
cut ha ha I know you've had a rough day
and I feel like I do need to make it a
food understand like I I messed up can
you can you come over here for me I have
a gift out like that
I believe not as did I cook this for
another year like this one actually grow
because you wanted us to like oh my god
shut up I'm not even happy and my dog
you said you wanted to roll into play I
love your box
Rose it's got a happy bro you guys do it
again so you want you sell you on it you
say you want to like
take that to the clubs no I really did
you do it role like though
choice out not his ears that's my boy
this party not afraid that was a break
did you see the ice I'm really bright oh
thank god dude you don't have to drive
but that's dog that you're gonna be so I
thought you'd show me a step that's what
what I love you too bro
so avid avid fan I bought this before
we've got we went to the door World
Games it didn't ship here in time so I
came to nothing go like I was going to
give you the world like event you fill
up a lot of it's like that made
it like so much battery bro even though
hey I'm going to just give it to you bro
yo look
for
I'll feel bad for fighting you earlier
no it's all good bones good good I came
for the block make sure you subscribe
was my really Brenna's Rolex uh good at
new guys I'm a firm believer that when
you're thriving and doing well there's
no reason that the love shouldn't be
shared right because one day I know
Evans gonna buy me a Rolex and and
today's not that day but I'm not yet I'm
just after these peaches the point is do
good things to others and good things
will happen to you yes with that said
low gang that is the vlog I just want to
say it looks like both my boys are
enjoying their new relic anyways got as
usual as usual if you're not a part of
the logo make sure to subscribe we are d
strong family on you to go out today
don't be afraid to be unique different
special whatever it is that you want to
do you can do it you guys are Mavericks
get your merch at Logan Paul Campos shop
now see you tomorrow when my boys can be
icing out his Rolex permanent I love
y'all take it easy fam
please do it with the rolling
are you kidding don't take it personally
ever so I think it personally brought
it's talking about the plant it now this
is awkward
