oh so she's bringing we're how are you
it's buzzy I'm not even kidding
it's like pretty blurry and it's not
coming back this camera hello are you
doing oh damn it we can't even do our
regular enjoy i stalled everything come
on talk to the camera right what do you
think what we got yeah okay first off my
man's big he's graduating improv class
today you're leaving right now for your
final performance right now okay get out
here bro it's like sending them off to
school give them Tigers can't wait yeah
you're my son okay
I have enchant it's a bet I bet you
there you'll see me there if you don't
show up and leave me like last time
I'm out of the sketches neck again oh
you haven't seen this already heaven bro
no mercy okay go go anyway like I said
today is an exciting vlog a title I'll
click my thumbnail you've already seen
it we are getting a new puppy
however we recorded that's oh look low
gangster they're plugging for me bro
looking for that kind of look a ball a
cop / stop get your merch Maddox prone
to changing the world every single day
hi how are you I can't come down but
what I can't do is this
I'll see you guys today legitimately
gets jealous about us getting a new doll
anyways what I said was we recorded the
segment yesterday I didn't put it in
yesterday's vlog cuz that was all about
the house and how we like may or may not
be getting there's stuff going on in my
life but the most important thing right
now is looking good for my boys
performance so I'm gonna find some some
stuff Oh black maverick v-neck oh my god
I'm a bit like a suit coat on iMovie
looking good the proud dad okay running
stop I don't get it I'm getting naked
Brenna stop I see spicy with the kick oh
look at that right there
yeah it's a good feel like a little bit
like Conor McGregor for some reason bro
punch wins anyways it's time to go Kong
huh also hi Lydia oh hey Carl how are
you buddy I'm a dad today your dad and
Evans dad you're gonna have a little
sister soon buddy no it's crazy don't
worry you'll still be the favorite papa
Logan going out into the public
okay I love everybody what the kids sure
do you love the vlog but there's one kid
I love more than everybody so I'm
outside the theater right now it's
called The Upright Citizens Brigade it's
a big comedy thing here in LA late as
usual don't know why I'm vlogging we
should probably get in there I hear
collapse may be different hips so we're
sitting in our seats
Energy's good lots of laughter here but
to be honest I'm just excited to see my
boy there he's so funny such a youtube
start I am so proud of my boy I'm
glowing right now okay because I can see
your forehead what is my forehead shiny
and glowing yep I meant like attitude
Brendan I just feel great my crotch is
tingling
where's my boy having Evan I have never
felt this problem until that time I hit
10 million subscribers before my brother
drove it kinda he's actually my son he's
much better than my brother Jake Paul
there he is there he's hard to see cuz
he's tiny
so Evan I am so proud of you no matter
how many fences are in between oh come
here
okay it's your big day and I'm proud of
you I got you a little gift
Lydia you got a big day I've been here
you go 20 minutes late by the way
yeah I was vlogging I do I do daily
vlogs I said leave that one I do not I
left a little later so I could subscribe
happy late Paul for long late Paul vlogs
kind of like but I get the crib oh look
like a choch again but still a proud dad
yo this party audience that party I'm a
vlogger bro like I'm just trying to
focus and do my stuff I love our kids
look he's mister bro anyways y'all saw
the trailer for my show Logan Paul vs.
the other day well the first episode is
actually out now it's live it was that
Logan Paul versus American Ninja Warrior
seen the show with like the ninjas like
swing and they're like American and I've
seen it okay yes it is out now I suggest
you watch it fricken awesome man Oh
actually enjoy the trailer the little
teaser for that episode are you ready to
turn me into the ultimate ninja
yeah American Ninja Warrior the ultimate
you know the American Ninja Warrior
Logan Paul the viral sensation six seven
American Ninja Warrior how far did I get
did I do good am i yes anyways link for
that is in the description or on my
Facebook page it's Logan Paul shouldn't
be hard to find but okay it's back to
the the real point of this vlogs is
about the doll roommate Evan yep yeah
he's getting a puppy and I want my
friends to know so I George know in fact
if you watch yesterday's vlog you know
there's some problems with it are you
not subscribed
no no I'm subscribed I just probably
don't watch you need this table you need
this huh so we are actually getting
another dog yeah it's cool it's cool I
have a roommate his name's Evan aka
dwarf mama you may have my agree cons
are gonna be number one and I think I'm
number one then Mavericks number two
anyway so I think it's time you guys to
see the new dog oh yeah good wait they
haven't even seen it yet
enjoy it is arguably a bitch big day how
you feeling bro you know excited bro
this good this could be your child right
now I'm a dad myself I have a child
named at Kong too savage let me tell you
the joys of parenting involve picking up
for cleaning up peeing and just
constructs actually I don't want to give
a shout-out to my parents for taking
care of me when I was young and couldn't
hold my pooping thanks guys you you're
real troupers okay nice residential
neighborhood looks like puppies could
definitely be bred here by purple
challenger I love you by the way I just
yawned it's the yellow guy I think we're
getting it back soon but he
get evac I get to have the uh-oh how do
you explain to a dog breeder that you're
a vlogger what are you filming for I
thought you wanted a dog yeah I do but
he's my thumbnail and cook baby always
that your dog broke but once a week flat
dog I don't know why he went that way
well you already established which dog
you want yeah oh so she's bringing up oh
my yeah we've we've washing baby bro the
pit bull is gonna be stocking like
you're storing the frickin yoke brah
it's gonna be your big day dawg what's
the dog's current name iris iris so not
mistaken for Isis the terrorist group we
don't want that I have a Pomeranian just
savage how do you think this dog will
get along with the savage any chance the
Pomeranian breeds with the pitbull don't
suggest it no I think I think we might
do that actually the pom ball I like
that we're breeding up pombles now oh my
god bro with the new house the new puppy
the new Yeti the new school bus gene
we're about to take over the Internet
gang it's going down if you're not a
part of make sure to subscribe because
yo it's about to get crazy boom what
that dog bit my tongue with that said
future Logan take it away
thanks Logan yo it's a fact
anyways you're the vlog possibilities
with that dog just like you know okay
George
I'm gonna go now yes I am excited for
Evans dog it kind of sucks we have to
wait like two weeks to get into a car oh
you motherfucker
what do you cover in your face you
embarrassed yeah sure you should be
ashamed
like a poop in his cage anyways yo god I
can't wait any longer bread
look at the party Oh guys as of
tomorrow's vlog I will have been
vlogging for 365 days straight and
celebration we are doing another
exclusive merge drop you can't get it
yet it's in tomorrow's vlog but I got a
TV which I am the exclusive maverick
long T t-shirt 365 days Mavericks lining
both arms with the rocketship low gang
is going to the top this is like the
first piece of March I feel like it's
like Street we're like damn but look at
me and just like everything else we sell
it is the most comfortable piece of
clothing that I own Logan Paul back on
slash out for that or a link in
description American Ninja Warrior also
go watch that link in description and
finally if you're not a part of the logo
and make sure to subscribe bro 365 days
almost here okay I love y'all and I will
see you tomorrow take it easy job
