Mero this is a big deal I don't know how
to say this but it doesn't get moving
why thank you no I just I'm loggy you
know ya know their daily it's everyday
but I just want that good audio anyway
no no I mad at you bro
oh you know why look at what this kid
did to me last night you see the
hangover I can't even see cuz there's no
freakin back of my neck Evan scratched
me will they call me out sometimes they
like have to betray it was an accident
we were wrestling you haven't scratched
my name only like the worst part about
it bro is it like actually hurt I'm in
pain like I moved my back in the light
that's what you get when you getting out
store-brand diamonds for my rolling
store bread top row I could be wrong and
thinking the diamonds are diamonds pal
and unless you have someone going
anyways guys I have to go I'm going
through George's house right now our
Wi-Fi it's horrible bro I'm uploading my
phone footage of George's so let's do it
oh yeah one thing I learned last night
rozhenko two things that don't mix
alcohol and dwarf ah did this yeah Bo we
were wrestling like we always do and he
went way to already took me around the
neck in people you had great I like that
bro just I was just uh just doing this
sex and they're just Wi-Fi okay things
moving faster the guys now going to a
meeting with who is that guy oh yeah
y'all know manager dad I dude y'all I'm
hungry yeah we're gonna eat somewhere
right over here okay yeah I like food
okay so looking something you may be
thinking where's Brendan why are you um
selfie vlogging today my man's been
grinding for a while he's been working
hard it's just oh look it's a Saturday
so I gave him the day off to relax chill
vibes max whatever he wants to do
anyways I'm with my boy and it's time to
smile he's look so good right now Jeff
you did it right with the shame in this
you know somehow are y'all in school you
solve the back-to-school daivam here yo
wait hold on speaking of merger with the
Redman ravinok and the hat you're
chicken that's how you know where boys
bro I don't think the red Phoenix are
out dude I don't think I don't know
anything so now right there comment to
come if you guys haven't swooped the
hottest merch in the game y'all know
where to get it local Paul college /
Thank You Wayne came by oh you know okay
let's talk business yesterday with
lawyers investment bank yeah great I'm
bored already that's that's enough
business for me okay okay good meeting
good business stuff we're taking over
that's a fact
navigator it's no joke bro the Mavericks
frickin chicken up however it's
something not-so-good happened that we
just talked about I feel like I should
have addressed this already with you
okay so as you guys know I just bought
me a house not yet not yet apparently
okay so this this is what I I debated
bringing this up but I just didn't
because I wanted to get excited about
the house the facts of life even if okay
you I'm gonna try to explain this tell
me if I'm correct yeah since I'm
dropping a lot of money into this house
and it's awesome we had inspectors come
to see if the house is up to par and
everything's okay with it it was built
this year no one's ever lived in it so
we just wanted to make sure that
everything was working okay everything
is not working okay most of it is
working okay
but not all of it and especially some
super important or advisors that are
giving us all the help are saying that
we may have to walk away from that it
sucks the house is so cool but there are
some like houses it's like extremely
improper structural faults and all we're
asking for is like the correct
information but we're not getting so
it's like you just trust that it's gonna
work and everything's weak because yo if
I'm standing unless this is an example
if I'm standing on my second floor and I
pull my car into the garage and it skin
collapses great vlog great content
thumbnail clickbait Idol but not good in
real life because it just buttocks not
worth the pool just happens to like
collapse which is another actual issue
the skin like the pool is built wrong my
pool can't collapse I got a push shark
in there that is not gonna be a luck bro
I'm getting kicked out of my place I
plan on moving straight into the house
I'm gonna be homeless both the Mavericks
gonna be almost by your merch I mean I
really looked at rentals they'll be
rentals and we'll buy a house I mean
this is an investment this is something
that's gonna be I can't buy a skin bunk
ass house yo I gotta tell Evan we're not
moving this house back home evan is not
going to be happy but to lighten the
mood a little bit I have the merch can
in here with a fake Kong at the end of
it there yeah it's identical to real
Kong as you can see uh he doesn't like
Vacon okay haven't I have something to
tell you well gaming what aiming games
what games see you are gaming gaming
told you I know I'm a good town maverick
ever he's not gonna be happy
wish me luck really awkward angle the
money is in a place called escrow
looking of escrow meeting it's sitting
there and we're waiting for the deal to
close contingent upon still I call the
stick going city also look look maverick
look great great great sex oh you don't
believe me uh why would you not believe
me like what is there to do know what
because you could you not see that oh my
gosh okay also how are you it's good to
see you calm definitely my boy yo why
are you so cute cause don't you
definitely talk about Kong stuffed
animal maybe would you guys be into that
this is comedy gold oh yes Evan sighs
where is that young savage boy rut this
is why bro you gotta realize if you want
to get a dog you gotta let me play with
your socks so my dog will be allowed to
do it not call look he's calling the SAP
by the way ever can I tell you the thing
now are you done gaming games
you know what actually oh wow too much
scuttle our lowly becomes r-rated with
my friends the nipples here I'm gonna
make you wait now first shit I'm gonna
hold you in suspense but just know it's
big no damn
we are the grills really expensive but
no not the girls tell me no I'm gonna go
back gave my games if you come in and
interrupt me with it's bullshit so to
cut your legs off he's gonna be my
co-maid really funny his doors no does
the red mean yeah you just are me crawls
across the field of broken play savagery
that's war commitment to see good to see
you prove that you love me get your ass
in here so this is a bit awkward not for
us I think for Jonathan over there he's
a magician he's gonna do a cool trick
what he's gonna do a cool trick I like
magic like this awesome are coming next
cabin you had a girl over last night oh
yeah great sex great sex great sex he's
lying scratches oh damn oh whoa look
it's the maverick hat and it's maverick
and it's the maverick painting he can't
know but if he does I'll make sure to
video it'd be great content anyway
Jonathan tell me about yourself bro from
New York Luke and I'm about to blow your
mind Logan marks already blown my mind
oh I thought my team was dope got the
freakin mater penned by yo I got that
fur coat baby is that cotton we're one
big happy family man I think we're ready
for another let's have another one
oh snap Rose the squad's going down my
street damn you're looking good on that
have a ball going back with like a seven
joke this is a weird vlog I'll be
vlogging he's just in the first row
we got bro you a maverick
I appreciate that kid Jonathan Ive
brought us to this place called the pie
hole because it reminds me of the word
asshole now that's comedy gold Jonathan
let's see your trick let's do the heaven
can you shuffle it for us yeah you got
weak shuffling but a big the funny thing
about this now is that mark has a big
hand but a little bit cause he heard me
to get any card you want yeah Logan you
take it out Oh God yo tell me that card
is epic bro I someone go ahead and sign
the card oh shit ugly signature
Hollywood this is my card right here I'm
gonna push it down yet yeah another
shuffle with big hand mark wow you blow
my mind
absolutely I already blowing my mind
here's what I'm gonna have you do I'm
gonna go inside this shop right here you
spread the cards up against the window
okay I'm up against the window inside
what's he doing are you ready no your
grandma is my new best friend
welcome to the low game yeah
if you were like five to seven years
younger I'm gonna even make my
girlfriend grandma honestly she was just
like five to seven years like I think
it's time bro ready for the news ticket
see much better
okay marks here so I'm gonna use his
reaction to get views as well yeah this
is a big deal but it does what you new
logical explanations poor it's not vast
but all of my skin necklace and a Rolex
I think is that I've really just to the
road be a maverick guy said that the
builders are like not wanting to like
fix this stuff that's wrong with the
house and if we do is gonna cost like a
lot of money this is like we got better
things to buy like necklaces watch man
freaking cars please before I bought the
house I was debating buying a plane
instead I will have a plane one day
though but yeah EV we're almost again
I'm not saying there's no chance but I'm
saying it's possible that we are you
just saying this for click me know how
you're saying there's a change
there's no chance there's still a chance
yeah why is he's angling moving yeah I
don't know he's got he's a funny guy I
think you anyways yeah that's that was
the thing brothers hey can I talk to you
like that for sure snows everything
always like tries to be in the ball yeah
and have fun I know another like he's
funny-looking
he's still there freakin weird it was a
weird day with my new dad all gonna be
they're gonna have a home hold on hold
on dang we cuss a lot
make sure to subscribe at the plugin
market bro always emerge you you by the
merch pokeball cops last shot be a
maverick how does merch in the game
say goodbye to you love not
