have you seen this man have you seen
this man it's getting better it's
getting better his good of you a good
day where you go - it's not what moms do
ah what they're just any moms you know
you're blonde mom oh please you're
working on stuff nah we are about to go
get our swole on with a little workout
session I do have news though guys the
Yeti backpacks have officially sold out
just about night they've officially sold
out you guys killed it also our
exclusive 48-hour drop of the death the
university sure is now
ovaries are now a limited edition
exclusive collector's item but congrats
to everyone who was able to get one good
news we still have obviously the most
farmers from the game Logan Paul calm
slash shop join the movement be a
maverick let's go get suave or didn't
you into TJ's Oh
Oh
Hey oh come into my own
oh I'm always getting the back shut up
I've been trying to go get protein
shakes for like ten minutes now can you
please in the back so Bernie can chew
here so I can ride my brother's brain
you just in the back I send it back in
the SUV all day yesterday oh how are you
discriminating or some millennial wolf
so you talking about it in the
background it's breaded sidewalk costume
Merc my own father
he moved ah god bless america
Oh blood sharks bitch now let's rock
let's rock there my God he's mad dude
I'm proud of our family not so much you
anymore I was just thinking I'm I was I
was proud of me yesterday till she
enjoys words but now I'm not anymore
what they've split a little oil a little
millenials that's why we went for cage
which we're still up in the morning
working out grinding cuz that's how you
get better dad hardware success fried
passion p.m. a bikini well you can just
walk away from the test and the doors
good let's go sell your technology are
you ready haha I mean my brother with
his baby just makes me want the Yeti
more and more and the shop guys getting
to another I can't wait for you see Hey
Baby how you doing you come here often
ma you're sorry I'm very sorry
all right take them up compete you guys
took my key
remember dad I gave birth to myself I'm
my own debt you know what kind of
difficult in my life right now look at
you guys nose we just hit 10 million
cars but it's been two days we're
already a ten point - like we need more
balloons right calm we team up that's my
bar also another thing that's bothering
me where have you been dude I'm right
here huh not you I knew that I'm talking
about you Evan we'd all miss you - Logan
misses you and you're looking I'm not
talking
anyways yeah Logan you guys know I
wouldn't miss it up he's in the low guy
he should even said I love you you were
still recording yeah for sure when my
mom talks or laughs maverick makes like
the same exact noises her you laughing
oh my god maverick what are you doing
what what if I rap
where's my laughs again so this bird has
so much personality just like his daddy
told you on my own daddy I gave birth
myself I'm my own see obviously the next
thing to do on this to-do list it by
heaven we're gonna cuss all right come
on everybody going to find you body I'm
going this board is everything but this
man have you seen this man hello look at
him have you seen this man yeah we're
down there Oh
damn it broke started think that lady
Lydon I like it how the low gang has
joined me on the journey
have you seen there's war no yes she
definitely lied to me bro have you
beautiful ladies being this war they
don't speak English
have you seen this war
I can't buy
I'm sorry Oh Thomas Thomas winning hair
yeah stick it for you Devon because
otherwise I don't want it no why would
you say big gift what is what do you
have any problems either cyber home
phone nothing in the day liar no no I
like him but he's got like pockets were
like it could be like weapons what do
you have there's residue for your person
I like you too all those boxes are full
of robber plates
108 to BTech 108 there's a lot of blade
Brown can place hundred eight custom
average please bow are you good are you
good okay this is what you do man
lightweight you look it'll be to die but
I mean the face but I'm so happy okay do
you also have Evan or just do you just
have plates nah just place ok ok I'll
take it I gotta ask how did you get all
these flames well line or these please
and then what to the sticker shop and
snap it and one by one
Your Enthusiasm is amazing you just did
it bro yeah bro that's some real
maverick right there
I like that I respect that bro you just
use that my wrists reflect awkward I
could nap to my most favorite thing in
focus oh ok time to open these puppies
up for my name is it poking laughing ah
I got you thanks mom we need scissors
open these time-lapse 108 107 maverick
blade this one broke in the packaging
but I can tell these a really good place
this is a clean bracelet look this is
like a freaking boomer yeah oh good
cause jewel Big Bang honestly look a guy
like we can't just like break this is
not a regular plate guy these are
special play the first matter place it's
gonna be broken because you've gotten
special bro what's up who are we going
to do
I have an idea my mom left to go get
someone
yeah this is it this is going to be good
good to see you team 10k not really
don't really care about anyone addictive
airgun Jesus I got home fans broke okay
with your eyes don't you want to break
one that's great one fake one but I
don't want them me innovate you all
grape on my eyeball very good
so the week three that was good I want
to Teen Choice Award okay we got a
little bit of a mess on the ground with
the other yeah okay so Jake left all
those teeth ten kids are crazy I like it
but anyways your mom I have a question
for you what I want you to be truthful
okay
he's Jake adopted no nevermind anyways
no mom you've never broken a play on my
blog and forget how room I'm a true God
knows I can you blend it right quite
listen look at how gorgeous at it why
would you break some supporters to break
you Wow how does a late bridge also book
look I just want a real quick sidebar
she have on her legs bro so you put this
merch
I think she's women brothers were
talking with what is that what do you
have there Jane Paul Wow you know the
only reason you have those out okay
no no the only reason your head was on
is because maverick doesn't have bottoms
yet this way to week it those joggers
and oh sure Dora Isaac we're okay good
you should wear that back hey everybody
up give me some duct tape that was quick
pencil Pasha's back to school packaging
all available online and looking ball
back on slash yeah can you hold that
yeah our talk
time to say goodbye to my guy who rose
out of destiny today that we were both
wearing the same shirts just a quick
little where you go I do have one thing
one custom-made maverick plate at a time
my boy is denting the universe now an
exclusive item don't congratulate Ted
we'll get ball back from this side oh go
big day how rude it is he's a funny one
you go bro can I get why she won't pay
for myself oh yeah of course
all right must be on my way love I mean
just I don't know what you're doing on
what you're doing
my dog calm here's your usage okay I'm
good I'm good
what iowa's your honor of the late okay
nigra he's funny okay low gang back to
the real problem ahead where are you I
have an idea Lydia what this is not a
drill can you make um missing posters
with Evan on them
absolutely Evan missing ah I can't find
him so yeah are you done yet the done
pony how did you do that oh this is
great look at missing name I've been at
doors mama a convert height or weight
dwarf age 20 hair brah if you have
information please contact love all that
cosplay shop help us please
lucha's it's done yeah okay No could you
put merch on him some maverick much let
me know what it's done I'll be here
oh that's good Rosales did you print up
like how many brain would you save 25 25
you brought 25 copies of missing every
report what how do you even know you're
a witch no wait
witch witch
wait wait wait wait wait wait okay
Thank You Lydia have you seen this door
I can't see it cuz it's on my head have
you seen this door where is he
bro he's gone coming talk bro Evans
missing where is he I thought my dog
amar everybody calls like you were
winning Teen Choice Award the world war
games are over dude like he wanted gold
Wow if you're looking Photoshop this
onto him absolutely not he loved the
ring you look at all my contacts I shop
here because they look like him he
doesn't have a mullet he doesn't have a
hair tie bag oh I actually thought about
this I just add some hair little hair no
beard action but height dwarf wait dwarf
both of those are facts yeah actual
measurements I know mark I'm leaving I'm
just gonna put this here in case you
come by him
I have a working here bro do what you
want ah yeah bro custom you mean it I
swear to god you can do whatever you
want with it you can bring you to eat of
it you could smash the that okay look I
appreciate the gesture man I only have
one choice I got wait him out no no more
hi mark
yeah oh damn I like your man thank you
ha ha ha ha side I figured we need to
broaden our reach all OH
have you seen this roommate have you
seen this roommate dance eat guys it's
George
hi fine have you seen this boy I had to
draw in the hair because we couldn't
find a current picture of it is it Evan
or is it my horn no I have to find him I
love you you call me if you find him
have you seen this man have you seen
this man
I've seen this man long hair
just some guys I forgot that huh
I'm not giving up a little gay I was my
best friend and I will find him as you
saw from the last scene I am sad there's
literally only one thing in the world
that could make me feel better right now
and mom just please just please break
this plate please mom please mom you
know I'm sad okay call me even once you
break a plate and no coffee I don't know
what's not doing it really just throw it
on the ground please please okay there
good day after all guys I know that hurt
sir how are you feeling right now dad I
have to clean up no no no that's we have
Lydia okay cool and that is the ha door
guys we will find Evan if you're not
subscribed make sure to join the logging
we are the fastest growing channel on
YouTube and have in for like two months
now and as you can get your maverick
merch link in description or look about
that cosplay shopkins Laidlaw gangs live
I will see you tomorrow take it easy man
you
where you go I do have one thing
