three we're gonna let them down all
right one two no guys I'm feeling like a
little slow this morning like this so
just like pain in the world that
suffering Rendon there's a new hurricane
coming bro I know you're in Florida
Miami Florida you need to get those out
take your friends take your family look
I got mine hi dad
going what no I just said they need to
leave we're not going to no no will you
stay right here in California California
safe because here it's really dry and it
catches on fire
news clamp a fire burning north of
Sacramento led to a state of emergency
it's my shaver here anyways no to be
honest guys this is how I can't get this
thought across oh yeah here's why
because I have distractions like this no
are you good can't you see I'm walking
looking are your parents like as weird
as this they're like each other chips
anyways here's what I'm thinking here's
what some of my babe - get the fuck out
of here it's not a joke guys it's not I
can't I cannot live here anymore
as you all know as I've hinted and just
bought me a house this nice man like we
went and visited me yesterday I think
about how big it is into space and the
possibilities in the vlog anymore I can
join your household no money that
YouTube ads it's it's really good these
days oh I brought you a gift
I don't want this thing oh wait you did
I'm sorry I'm Logan look he's calling me
oh look it's manager Jeff hi Jeff your
low blow Jeff speaking of that what are
we getting the house
that wasn't a place listen Jeff I'm just
dying bro like this house is a mess and
and I just affair are you wearing that
new maverick March what yeah yeah yeah I
have anyways y'all hit me into the house
bro I love you and I'll talk to you
later
business yeah it's far it is a little
hot in here okay
we'll say one thing I do like about
living here is that my pets really like
it just looks lonely here buddy
I know it's not a real dog but he can
spoon you there you go Kong we'll get
you a girlfriend one day hopefully
probably not he's got no balls
speaking German today if you guys didn't
notice maverick speaks every single
language that's right yesterday yeah
what yesterday was Japanese today's
German wish I knew what he said I don't
speak German I'm a dumb American I do
know how to say I love you though right
ich liebe dich what
Kong just chill okay it's your big day I
feel like maybe this is a good time to
say that today Kong is going to meet my
brothers puppy Apollo for the first time
I know what's gonna happen cuz Apollo
while he's a puppy he's gonna get huge
so big to the point where he could he's
literally probably gonna eat eat Kong
one day and now Kong's a little wiser a
little more mature a little more guys
you don't know this but every day Evan
hits me a little bit harder okay let's
talk to do this time to gets done three
things I need one haircut to Wi-Fi three
girlfriends those are excuses okay I was
gonna make girlfriend not happen not
capable of falling in love with anyone
other than myself I do need to get a
haircut that's that's working on that
Wi-Fi this is a big one oh no way you
watch the vlogs
um I need Wi-Fi so I think a guy is
coming to fix it shortly oh I didn't
mean to say shortly Olivia thank you
that and you brought it into context
cuz I made eye contact with you right
after I said it bro and I was like damn
calm down and then you're embarrassing
me in front of the Wi-Fi guy yeah
everything's all the way over there so
then I just don't step on the dog don't
Wi-Fi play my game in this tarou how low
seven inches really shake oh yeah
cuz he's yours I gave it to you Oh woah
that was smooth about a weekend
Oprah's thriving no she's right no so no
so no so five intend to let the water
sit for 24 hours before you put the fish
in it cuz of the corn corner unless you
have the corn a tornado temperature
because Logan so smart way better
overlooking thank you for saying listen
to chlorinate and Oprah that was weird
anyways thanks Wi-Fi guys I gave him
taps he like went for like both hearts
were like didn't fully convinced he was
like
every play that's okay we need to get
out of this house and we are gonna do
that by a brand new segment of I told
you about have you been to the Wi-Fi
went out a couple a my games anymore my
god all you do is warm love a glass of
wine right now get out all the junk
jiving dwarf but not drunk yet don't
drink and drive get all serious so um
you're gonna want to take a left here
what about the die in the middle of the
intersection it's so if we die here
there's no longer be driving with that
and it'll be
dying with it imagine if I did have a
tank though oh yeah I think I think you
need a tank bro when you get a car cuz
dude if you roll up in a tank like can
you imagine how many how many girls will
show you their boobs at least one or two
I feel like this is a good time to say
that we're actually going to check out
our new place I will say you can see
we're kind of driving up we're going to
the hills bro Yolo gang is going down
right now I'm standing in front of the
doors to our new house Wow yo this place
is absolutely beautiful this is all I
can show for now but when we do like the
full reveal on this place y'all are
gonna lose your freaking mind back at
the crib oh we are waiting for my
brothers to come over with his dog so he
can meet oh I've been waiting for this
moment I'm not gonna lie Apollo meats
calling it's a big day but yeah I got
this merch cane and my dad is sitting
over my left shoulder if you guys can
see I'm talking on the phone looking
real innocent and whatnot so I'm gonna
go ahead and ruin his day yeah I missed
gonna use Kong's girlfriend bro this is
why I'm getting kicked out Jake
cuz he's on his way over here you're my
favorite son yeah Jay documented YouTube
vlog you my favorite well well well look
who it is
nope that's still me a little more
Brennan name was are used to wearing
that yeah my god this has been a
recurring problem
Wow down boy you'll talk where's your
dog room cuz I lost them yeah I hear em
over here oh my god yo the plows getting
so much
bigger he's about to crush Lydia yeah
bomb down Kong he's freaking out okay he
wants it broke what do you thinks gonna
happen do I really think they're gonna
fly it
really let's do I think we make this
happen right now Tom's vicious bro you
guys have seen it when it comes to other
dog we get reminded why we call him
calling the club established yet he
doesn't always play nice
he doesn't roam I guess Kong's gonna go
right for Apollo's balls and take them
as his own they're probably not gonna
mate they're both dudes and that's
physically impossible Apollo's behind me
right now they have no idea on three
we're gonna know at this moment in
history like this is this that should be
in your textbooks at school watch
sniffing buttons you're gonna make
monumental don't we should have the
mayor both guys yes again biologically
impossible I doubt that Oh yo yo your
dogs eating my dog's food wait don't do
that that's disrespectful
you can few kids bite and that is this
Apollo is gonna get huge I'm not even
kidding in like two months ago
Kong will ride on his back holy Sh
I taught him this hallo sit sit sit sit
being a little aggressive for my taste
are you good here we go classic you good
row survey everybody think this there
you go
fill it out you let me know anyways bro
these dogs are pretty uh-oh we got here
buddy oh damn all right just give me a
new Kong bro and then he put no make
sense he's my brother
good to see you man big day big day
thanks for bringing your dog over yeah
thanks for having me
yep-yep subscribers in bed with that
said and the favorite son still in the
room that is the log if you're not a
part of the Logan make sure to subscribe
you can ask my dad we are the most pop
and family on YouTube is that fact that
is a fact
just jump that new crow maverick March
as you all know it's poppin Logan Paul
calm slash shop or link in description
go i'll be different be unique be
passionate be a maverick low gang I love
y'all and I will see you tomorrow
