she knows good I don't know this is
gonna get good oh this ends with the
spigot your big boys your big day guys
I'm with my parents look at that up
we got Greg Paul aka vlog dad we got my
mom aka vlog but we are counted seven I
puppy we got my roommate heaven
hopefully he's coming back soon
finally we are all reunited us three men
happy family we got this actually works
out kind of well as you guys know I am
opening up the Teen Choice Awards and
I'm nominated for what is it choice Teen
Choice choice mom's dead Web Store
deadline mom team choice choice male web
star okay yo voted for me I think we're
going to say she cake I was thinking
about bringing a broom because I think
we're just gonna yeah that's right clean
up the teachers or selfie I hate that
painting my mom's from Ohio avi species
have like a nice la like Teen Choice
Awards outfit wanna go shopping today my
of course thank you I love shopping do
you love it more than Jake it is there
were going shopping
no no no honey no it's my words
Logan you guys know this I hate shopping
the only thing that's making this a
little better I think I see a low
gangster Logan yeah that's my boy that's
my boy ball game Paulie
now we'll even broke dad I'm headed good
bro oh yeah I'm great bro - OH
I'll look at this these are all the
dresses Montana set these up for you
you guys don't manage a manager Jeff's
girlfriend he's a good guy like him his
net and jet I can't wait to see you in
school yeah so I I definitely definitely
hate you something gonna work we got my
eyes man my name what do you think oh I
am a machine I'm so bored I had to take
off my pants all right
I am I had to take off my boxers oh so
boy
yeah I'm not having fun oh I'm like a
lot still really bored not just a blunt
naked still not have to do that I don't
like that outfit I just like I even
selling real estate in that outfit
if you want me to I do need a new house
actually conquer samba I'll do a
freaking hole up and he just chill we
vibing out here and this is a change
room naked teach or towards math it's
it's it's going down on me on to do one
with the right dress mom is the only one
in your leg it was my favorite and
whatever you say doesn't matter because
you're colorblind oh what's almost right
now we are going to do the first fun
thing of the day I've been waiting for
this one though gang
if you guys remember from the early days
Rob Lowe and I had when we first go out
- that was like it's almost a year ago
right and those guys wrestling with a
300 pound snake flashback okay did you
pulled out that like 200 pound turtle
now crane back up
tarantula no problem I face that was my
favorite one and alive back I'm fine and
I believe you even mess with an
alligator yeah I did
nothing to place my point is dude Brian
is the reptile like animal guy what are
we doing today well today we're gonna
have a little fun with you and of course
the matron of the family sweet sweet
we're gonna take care of your mom a
little bit we'll be a little more rough
with you but we're going to do we're
going to do a what's in the box
challenge
what's in the bar yes I'm scared I'm
Logan what's up all right so because you
guys have a great bond we figure we'll
have one box with two holes in it your
hand goes this way your hand goes this
way oh and then we're going to put
animals inside the box and you have to
figure out what it might be I don't I
get a bit by an animal I hope you do and
I don't that because ever though it
probably could don't be used over
subscribers Oh both crazy you said a
year ago probably already have hit 10
million subscribers with the time than
watching this vlog yeah when we got
together you get under 200 K though
listen kids right here listen to me
right now if you have dreams and goals
the only thing you need to do is get bit
by a snapping turtle and you can get 10
million subscribers in a year dad had
Brendan quick sidebar watch it oh come
on homie I'd like some danger I like
snakes and stuff at first I was like I'm
down to get paralyzed for the rest of my
life for sure but now I'm like stir that
what's of use bro
so many oh you did not for me we were to
do this and because I knew you would
have said no I'm sure glad we just are
orange you glad I didn't say banana
Brian let's do that dollars going down
that my heart is alright we don't know I
did it yeah I'm going pulling we're
starting out small different oh my gosh
oh this is isn't that oh my gosh oh my
gosh it's a bowl is this a plate broke
cause I have to break you to the three
ball I'm great both the harrowing didn't
work yes I thought for sure
I'm gonna be chillin but this is like
creepy crawly though you know you're
handed you're right it was be nice right
yeah I see Brendan smiling behind camera
that's my one of the other way
oh I'm not my mom's you put her in the
box
ice cream ratatouille I know what masa
looks like with that yeah we had way
we've I've been looking at okay you guys
ready
oh you guys are going to like this one
are you guys it's freaking weird
oh oh it's actually not a bad it just
the texture it's always okay I'm on I
know it's a dude this is a big thing the
girth is comparable my wrists
oh yeah for you guys again here I've got
it right in over they scare me though
yeah I did a bowl again can bring it now
my brain oh boy crickets what is it what
is it going to just like mouthing oh
look at this month Oh straight-up
Charro's time now that I can see him I
don't feel like this bad really no but
you're good not that bad
listen listen listen
you can hear these things crawling Tice
like if you're not going to creepy like
insects I'm sorry what I had a feeling
one might help you alright so this was
good a little bit bizarre guys I'm not
sure how you're going to be a bizarre
debark Oh every day window dizzy oh oh
I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure if your hand
you touch it actually with this what is
it like some sort of iguana oh this is
actually uh it's a Bluto it looks like a
rubber band this would actually get
along with confidence these dogs will
just seem like that yeah
really car like that feet yo this isn't
awesome Oh are they going weekend you
guys ready for the next one this one's
going to be a little bit there okay okay
I don't see this often or lightly was
going to have to be extremely cautious
on this one away you know brain you know
Dan just getting sketchy whenever you're
ready
mom I'm okay I feel like I know this
it's a lion
no no no this is a monkey Jake oh yeah
oh this is gonna be my buddy you're not
a reptile but I still love you
okay guys you go first
I'll do it
Logan Paul calm /op Yeti backpack now
available for purchase in fire oh no no
no I think I hear that I know it you
guys I'm going to be a maverick both no
no don't do it
I'm doing it what we got what we got
what is it it's a giant lizard of some
sort
wow really you must not be in the logo
and a giant Komodo
oh are you good man he's good bro
actually a monitor lizard so it's like a
little dinosaur again no kidding he's
not happy the only thing you have to
rule of you I have light from this die
would all right there would be badass
first thing I put my head on his hand
right one last thing I have my little
battle yeah
okay okay another sort of like giant
giant chameleon lizards you know be good
thing going hey guys oh the tails going
up the box Wow look at me I'm on no you
know here and I know this guy's pretty
chill but I was trying to eat they had a
little bit too close that mouth and you
might bend my finger that was a medium
Brian I have never touched intelligence
in a clever have you ever smelled a no
handle right here and you are now
holding an alligator first time a
reaction all moms should have yeah okay
well Brian thanks for scaring the
chappell up this is cool too by the way
do a cool thing you can I just have a
question for the snake you're pretty
much keep popping it are you good at all
are you okay
I think that's my cue right okay so I
swear to god I'm not making yourself
this car is Cadillac up here just drove
by me and hit my car I saw them coming
way too close so I moved and then they
hit me still their mirror is still
actually folded in yeah you hit me you
know that I mean yeah you hit if I
didn't want to move you would have taken
my my mural
I'm good bro are you I'm good
yo I will kill you I will literally kill
you I want to actually kill them I just
say it for intimidation for me have a
nice day lady who's this guy bro
I like the guy are you good bro double
middle finger not Gino's good I don't
know there's gonna get good Oh descended
with the spigot you're a big boy it's
your big day
Thank You ro you're stabbing with that
moustache Oh gang we got a new enemy low
game
look whatever what do you want all right
I just I know you spit on my car you
still live until then I have one busted
twig how are you good look sweet for
what the fellow gang going to the top
now look look you see it speed it still
on my car
that's mine I don't know that note we
got you on video so yeah dangers yeah
for sure I just want to know you let's
try I subscribe oh you said I think
you're making a better person because
they're really negative yet I'm the car
keep it up today
oh really this one yeah let me know
don't worry whether your fedora that
made of one are your ear view but this
get mad what do you think
Thank You Mel scratch up is that TI yeah
that's why my car place is expensive is
just but I printed that oh yeah yeah
good thing you're making fun of me for
not making money I like this guy are you
taking a picture of my life in places
aid you can't read her hey you like
think you're more important than
everyone else
wait I might know you're more important
than where else so it's okay for
beautiful hot traffic people don't like
to move much Quattro agree not lady you
know so I was just settling like don't
don't assume right so that look that
lady hit me and I was right here in my
mirror Wow actually I'm just noticing
this yeah there's a gym do you think I
made enough money to fix that or no what
do you think bro are you giving your
friends that I don't know dude maybe if
I had a Mustang like yours my life would
be better help
like I could give you the total down and
look low gang it says if you want to
friend kick my ass bro no I'm trying to
make money often I think I'm going to
get a lot of yes do you love you that's
what you're going to do ya gonna turn
good money off I'm not try it will
happen yeah you can get a lot of this
whatever you got to do to try and make a
living go for I'm trying bro I've one
question one question are you good are
you got it yeah yeah path this is the
greatest day like
that those are you in the loge a yes of
course that's what I got no wind she's
dead really in my car bro look at go get
yellow game we go again alright bro I
think you just realized something
what it's not good rose oh yeah yeah our
mainly so many good people get so
flustered that I'm like just like
roasting them so calm no I don't know
what my problem is I love drama like
I've said it before this is why I like
YouTube beef and distract like I forget
love anyways that guy was crazy and you
guys might be wondering why I'm driving
my purple challenger normally I'd have
the Yeti you know obviously that I
dropped it off in the shot he's getting
decked out right now just gonna be so
sick we go the shop actually right here
we're just gonna do a little drive-by on
it it's way back in the garage
oh my god I don't know if you can see
you guys it's right there they're gonna
keep it a surprise but trust me guys
it's going to good sure and then maybe
angry old then will make fun of my
purple cloth are you good bro are you
looking at are you doing up here brah
sitcoms kind of giving you the eye a
little bit oh this is bad you know she's
not dinner it's just a broad anyways
guys interesting day today first shirt
it also guys I'm sure by the time this
vlog has been out we have hit 10 million
subscribers how many how many videos is
that oh that's not about 340 videos guys
the first YouTube channels to ever do it
that quickly
I'm not kidding guys the low game is the
strongest family on the internet and
just celebrate okay quick little merch
drop it's only gonna be up for 48 hours
I think right here baby
number eight birth officer the Brady
burns Shuttle on the front but balls on
the back there's a universe baby cuz
that's what we do and it only gets
better life would not be complete
without the zip-up spicy protests the
universe every day yeah guys these are
the exclusive 48-hour like merch dry I
don't even know what to call beats just
the gold savagery get it
while the iron's hot we're changing the
world one day at a time and you guys
never fail to blow my mind I'm going to
make it a life goal to me each and every
one of you in person one day to love
some people they might not happen but
but that's that's the goal bro
that's the Baha you're going to go far
be superb unique be passionate be a
maverick bro that's what it represents I
love you guys men and tomorrow I think I
will officially see ten million in real
time but for now if you know part of the
low gang make sure to subscribe and for
now I will see you tomorrow
want you to solve that one 900 oh no bro
this is like dude this is my favorite
painting we can fix that Wow you put
duct tape right behind there that's why
I have you with my mom come here
