hey oh good morning low gang what's
poppin I just get it out yet another
good amazing epic day here I've landed
on Hopkins the Logan Paul vlogs welcome
to the low gang low game for life if you
know for the family make sure you
subscribe we have a fast growing channel
on YouTube and we are about to become
the first channel to hit 10 million
subscribers in one year of vlogging I
have only one thing to say to that and
that is Debbie working off so anyways
guys let me bring you over to number two
on the to do it sober till I caught her
way right into my dog calls cage the
stylish anyways number two reunite my
parents yeah so my parents are divorced
ruin my childhood pretty much but I was
like yo I don't like this so today even
though they both live in Ohio pongetti
backpack available now in Logan Paul
calm shot sounded like a god show to get
while you can I was like you know I'm
gonna try to get them back together step
numero uno I obviously need my parents
who I made the necessary accommodations
and you may have seen this woman on the
internet she got famous because she has
two famous son introducing queasy hi mom
how are you good I love you in my heart
oh I love you to Mars and Jake Logan you
know she obviously does like I'm about
10 ml late pass jackets whatever but I
want to introduce you to someone
look at her she's right there hey
there's a sign she's my son well you're
surrounded by short people I yeah yeah
oh hey Ivan why are you doing by my
bottle at the dwarf world game okay
you'll buy like a 7 1 golden basketball
you're my Meza Ashley yeah it is my new
assistant like watches she's pretty good
at certain tasks okay Lydia can you grab
me a plate yeah I'll put them on the top
shelf for this job you guys thanks video
hey can you grab one more my mom thanks
Lydia so now that we have these plates
my leg
anything in particular you want to do
I'll wash mine yeah Wow do this every
day why are you doing that good
obnoxious it gives you an loud and
subscribers and it's a waste of place
material oh that's all that plate
material that we knew I ever does he
missed you mama
ah mom you know why you're here
I do the one here why mom does that mean
once you open up Teen Choice Awards and
win choice male Webster I didn't tell
her to say that yes it did guys I'm
doing that I'm opening up the team to
what god no no that's not why you're
here
that's why I told her she should come to
LA but now we got a little some
different plan for you so mom as you
know you and dad got divorced and you
pretty much ruined my childhood actually
may account for some of Jake's like you
know like issues so I figured why not
bring you and dad here to LA and get you
guys married again you know that I am
happily remarried right huh I'm not just
gonna work mother isn't gonna work she's
remarried bro I can't believe I forgot I
mean I didn't forget I knew it I just
big achieve maybe forget I don't know
okay well anyways I brought a friend
here today who could maybe help us in
this endeavor so Jerry great great and
it's not my brother right look at Jake
slow game oh oh whoa oh my god Roy
you guys remember Jake from this vlog a
while back
anyways Jake is a gadget guy as you
before what to do biggest fire sword
body absorb incredible okay so this is
this one I mean mom this is good we're
gonna make this work I figured because I
feel like the flames are gonna ignite
your dad's relationship again you know
cuz I guess fire up yeah no income eyes
Python is my thirteen Firestar oh this
is why I'm getting evicted brothers
colossal just for my apartment people
who are going to watch this video this
is special effects so yeah you can't
kick me out now Lydia can you bring me
that thing I asked you to prepare thank
you oh did you get when you come at
those balls over that looks funny is
like before I guys are went to
engineering school in college for one
year it's kind of wanted to adventure
you're just like junior deep look bro
guard are you mad at me for dropping out
of college I could've been making stuff
like that instead of being a vine star I
know you ruined my life
what how do I ever in your life by
stopping to college and giving up your
whole entire scholarship I wanted to
pursue my dreams I'm a maverick if you
live in a small town bubble dollars in
your Barry I'm just kidding kind of your
parents have good guidance but like guys
eventually you're gonna have to grow and
hatch and be the independent young
maverick that you are but they go away
nice it's true yo yeah we think all this
drama and be funny like you know with
Jake and stuff does user sparky mop
don't Logan feel rock wrong sort oh yeah
does loser fire mom fire hello
are you good bro what why wait why to
see you well that's kind of creepy like
just like showing on my door like
illegally and stuff are you good bro yo
brenigan minute service justjust that
was that cool looks like that actually
might be a thing I heard when you cross
this door right here there's alarm ring
her to go off and this has happened
before we're like people to show up at
my door this is weird dude this is
pickup service let's survey I did take
that survey bro tonight get emerged
before I take the survey dude just just
let me know what you thought does not
mean that you give up one these low
ganks with a freaking clever my virgin
join you Joe
no I got idea instead of paying me money
you don't show up in my house again out
of nowhere and then I'll let you buy
merch from Logan Paul calm /aa see you
later
that was weird yeah I don't like
encouraging people to stalk other people
that just say me dude it's mi5 it's not
my brand and also it's just our way to
the grocery store with a grody store
we're gonna give fruits to chop up like
fruit ninja but with swords that light
on fire thanks to Jay go my brother's
name is Jay huh okay nothing screams
real-life fruit ninja like watermelon
cantaloupe because bubi bubi bro I feel
we're going to cut some jax-ur gotta
have bananas otherwise like let me out
you just suck by the way I'm going to
ask you can we do this at Jacob no
okay so we're going to do this in Jacob
okay we got the goods we are on our way
to jigsaw I say we because Lydia is here
don't worry and got a tiny butt okay to
take yeah yeah Jake Paulo's jigs on
either side okay oh wait what the heck
these parcels say my name I brought Jack
root barely made it through the team ten
us those kids are animals dude looks
like a freaking war zone I'm really
getting herpes too standing here also
got this Jake oh my I said Jake Bruce
I'm logging her chickens up is that the
third person of a big bro is there
servers
yeah I made it not you I just again I
don't I don't get how you could do that
is gonna make the first a second verse
like how okay so you limit move into
cement I was running a real movement I
forgot my jacket
no don't give drop - Jake crew it's a
jackfruit you made the first move
you made the second burst and I was like
I'm gonna make the third course okay
it's not going to standard anyways do I
got time to show you watch this bro this
is Jake tasting what's your name Jake no
sausage a hella straight up straight up
them you don't seem positive about that
you know my real name is John was my
Sears tonight your name John that's not
some on easy channel please not not
anymore I'm not on it it's broke
holy my eyebrow no John stop that it's
not a very high watermelon here we go go
ahead rake go to my melon bra now Stacey
well nothing makes me do want to do
montages more than eating watermelon
time go
the jack food the lid what is inside
this thing but the rumor is that they
smell bad oh wait
yes brows like expired like grapefruit
oh I heard this fruit like saves
villages though because there's like a
lot of it and it tastes like ham or
something it's actually not bad Oh dog
time oh this easily this length right
out these hot dogs are sizzling right I
probably don't fuck you toasty gross
Oh slap me down you to write up a finger
up we'll hold the middle but lo call but
but I'll try to perfect well this
Justine bosses live for swearing guys I
just like I get amped up over the
simplest weirdest stop and this is it
though I'm hungry enough yeah bro friend
you eat you eat a hotdog I get right in
there you go yeah good right good yeah
bro hey you got hungry look what we got
for your hot dogs
you should light it up inside the
hospital is that a good idea - no that's
why we should do it biologist not do
that in your moment we will oh that's
that I like that a lot let's go do some
more beers brah
no cheers dude yeah the cantaloupe just
isn't the same it just doesn't roast
like a marshmallow it rose
I will say though I'm down to eat a
roasted cantaloupe no I don't even have
to eat dinner sorry oh wow do that okay
oh my god roasted well roast the
calendar right over just cannibalism
canadough back at the crib oh I do
he birthed me with my minds right where
it's cooler than you I don't know about
that test killing karoku you're a goof
Orr RIT a goof call me let me show you a
part of my coke oh hey Dad can I uh can
I join you guys over here for a second I
just thought I could have complicated
so I just thought I'd get some sparks
back in his relationship with the flame
doing
Wow okay pretty good right yeah good
claim I don't want to make you guys hot
again I want to look at the place like
this all day that's already hot in it
how does that you to remarry him I'm
remarried but a quick sidebar can giving
up today straight up like I'm just going
to have to love not you okay cool yeah
I'm not giving up on that just yet but I
got it so far Monday's okay you shot
them up would you yeah operative oh yeah
okay if you were not a part of the low
game make sure you subscribe we are the
fastest growing channel on YouTube and I
think tomorrow we are going to get 10
million subscribers yeah yeah yeah also
maverick and low gamer ladies in the
description if you're savage don't get
it logo Paul calm slasher I love y'all I
will see you tomorrow take it easy
here dude Oh ghost Freddie
