do you know what that is yeah oh wait a
second oh the savage yeah that's the one
that was a weird noise yeah as usual it
is a good epic day here in Logan Paul
vlogs but I know what you guys are
thinking Logan why aren't you wearing a
shirt why your nipples out you got the
hottest merch in the game why would you
not be wearing not so funny funny story
check this out my air-conditioning is
broken
it's supposed to be 59 degrees and it's
78 yo you good like dog that's just it's
not God
good morning Lydia can you just like
spread your hair like around your
shoulders and reduce oh that's my new
assistant Lydia at what point was she no
longer be new life questions I also left
my hairbrush in Toronto man my life is a
mess with us we got another drone
circling the apartment oh oh oh there it
is it says open the door whatever they
mean the front door I read I found it
outside oh I dropped it read it read it
nice she can read first sign of a good
assistant if there's like some plates
out here so I'm just or someone stalking
me and I'm about to die here we go
yeah-yo good to have you back bro guys
it's been a week it's been a while
Brendan's a savage we're gonna go wait a
second I commend you both a v-neck spicy
but it's too hot in here
how many racy yeah no no it's gone guys
we have like 55 days to find a new house
ready did you know yeah subscribe where
we gonna go bro I have no idea like
glitter we don't have a house around if
any of you have a nice house in Los
Angeles you would like to let us stay I
suggest not doing that because we'll
still I love you buddy give me kiss okay
no come on just do it
no kiss me on my mouth kiss me go no
there's someone here trying to fix the
air conditioning I hope homie comes to
are you here for the air conditioning
yeah I'm really hoping homie comes up
with a solution man like I try to do a
manual reset 79 degrees I just wrote
cold and put it in there but that
doesn't do anything I'm trying ok guys
I'm gonna put a shirt on there alright
guys I brought my cardboard cutout just
in case we have to distract the logo
clear roads clear road this is weird
oh yo think they hired security I'm not
even good at the logging forced them to
hire more security just so people
wouldn't stand right here look at me
nice or how you do it but
congratulations oh thank your own
immediate traction please go crazy right
Tomer I mean no I'm a blogger others get
in trouble even the police are in the
low kick let's go hey what's up baby you
come here often
got my smoothie I'm a happy boy I also
got these almond balls I've never had
almond balls before but the first thing
that comes to mind as we go give them to
Kong almond balls right here let's make
you a man again I'm not gonna like
currently this is a time in my life
where I'm like just sitting here like
what the fuck am i doing oh God weird
ever what do you think of these dude
nice why am I doing this oh man
do we need real Kong it's just not the
same fate Kong you shot
oh wait wait a second uno momento yes we
have to replace something and it's gonna
be expensive but you're leaving
correction I'm not leaving I'm being
kicked out yeah a dog decisions
decisions looks like a decision
collision but here's the worst part
about being a victim I don't know if you
guys know this I didn't know this when
you get evicted you technically have to
pay for the remaining months rent that's
in your contract I signed a year
contract and I will have been here for
six months I pay I'm just gonna say ten
thousand dollars a month to live here
which is by the way way too much money
literally just tossing ten grand a month
off my balcony pretty much I need to buy
a house that means that I will have to
literally just give them $60,000 just
like handy tool fucking sick that's just
awesome
something's boiling something's boiling
my blood dude not the fact that I got a
blade right in my pants we go calm like
actual real-life fake home visit bro
he's not real you're not a real dog
you're never gonna be a real dog Laila
has real Kong as you guys know like has
a weird crush on him I don't know they
might have like like a sexual
relationship guy should probably
shouldn't say that he doesn't she does
touch his butthole
she died touch his butthole Oh God
peeler I believe that that's a joke yeah
no she doesn't she has no sexual
relationships with my bird dog I feel
like this is just a touchy subject to
which we cut this out of the vlog are
you funny all right great
staying in you haven't had call for so
long Brendan was sitting here and he's
like dude I need calm I missed call
Lydia chimed in and she said I've been
nice I've been quiet
everyone wants called even fake love at
one point today we have to go get back
our boy I even texted a look like I have
a convo with them like a sucker said
were you were trying to vlog a Kong I
can come over girlfriend Hannah very
nice lady I said when you gonna be back
jeez so there's no way we can see car
right now you gotta give me a heads up
like next time I FaceTime you two hours
ago no I had no call oh I will get
comprehensive in hey zoom in yeah okay
come here that you mark my words not
good but first as you guys know your
boys gonna go into music soon like I'm
hitting the music industry hard bro
homie Conor McGregor bro anyways I came
over the balcony here you know the low
gang was missing earlier and I think
they came back
no low gang goes so hard my guess is the
security saw them was like what are they
like - seven come out headed to a
recording session about to make that
fire yeah it's gonna be good but yo i'ma
call Halo game buddy needs to put her in
her place and it's gonna be Rick
are you good wrong-o where's my dog bro
oh shit good book shit good boy oh no I
don't see I don't want that I want him
back
Ayla Ayla don't even go I'm gonna hang
up to show frustration hang up huh I
can't I can't
you cannot yelling in a car the issue is
that I'm a vlogger that's the only thing
and we're like inherently super
obnoxious that's okay guys so we're
actually at the why don't we house hi
boys
Corbin Jack Daniel John how are you here
Zach Zach look and pull back on flash
shot what it blows it
where are my boys bro how you about to
hit me with the lyric like this where
did you go cuz clearly you didn't take
me I lied you guys lied to me it's okay
it's okay it's okay imma go inside there
I'm I'm gonna sing some songs I'm
awkward you're the bootleg boom yeah
guys not much is it like they're just
blankets and a microphone this just goes
to show you guys like we recorded like
help me help you on this just need a big
heart you know let's go to town good
thing I got a big heart
boys no gang I say it every time I
record the hardest part about being a
vlogger is not being a singer like I can
sing and I can hit some notes but I'm
not a singer I'm not a rapper you see
what I'm saying you catching the vibe
okay good good let's make some music it
is the same guys that song I think I
said this already if nice called undress
me little promiscuous little sex yeah
I'm down with it which is weird cuz I'm
not anyways back home it's later it's
really late but there's still a mission
at hand Brendan we gotta go get my man
calling - sighs Layla has of guys am i
dying I haven't seen this dog in like a
week it's my dog bro I'm calling from
Louisiana and took him to Los Angeles
the minute babies as fuck let's do this
we got everything we need we got a fake
calling we got the GoPro chest mount
week
nice laugh replay that's okay this is
Ava's apartment I think it here come
here going to hello how are you good
good
it's like midnight it's it that's a fact
yep I am back from Canada back from the
dwarf games I'm surprised you weren't
there
hahaha sure do what you wait just like a
grandma grandma Ayla I'm so good hit the
record button
what's up what's that behind you over
there just move ahead real quick do you
know what that is
yeah wait a second Oh
de savage yeah that's the one oh thanks
we're taking him back he's mine
come on speak in that for not anymore we
don't gotta bring him back you don't
gotta take care of him that's what we
have Lydia for she's bothered with you
I know Lydia Lydia you could be his knee
while life is good bro we can get
Congress in scrap back we could take
pictures with about we can use a mess
clear bait again like in this part man
that a look girls crazy wrote the way
she tried to like attack me and
everything I was like anyways guys that
is the vlog we got car back do not
forget guys if you were not a part of
the low gang make sure you subscribe we
are going to hit 10 million subscribers
this week the first youtube channel to
hit 10 million subscribers from day one
of vlogging within one year within 365
days guys our family is incredibly
strong we're growing growing growing
every single day yo the Mavericks baby
that's what's up be a man get your merch
Logan Paul Keim slash shop link in
description I love y'all and I will see
you tomorrow jack
did we get it we did nice better
