ever since then I'm walking on track
with my brothers and sisters mountain my
dad oh you should get rid of this really
really good morning low guy was bobbing
yeah boy help ease in Toronto Canada I
came to visit my friend Evans right
there what are you doing Oh Oh Evan what
the heck Jesus mother
Donovan today's just beginning oh yeah I
noticed until you stack your staff get
there's no no I kick it down I know I
know that's why I butcher up there that
was the point
so mama Evans repeating the dwarf world
game it was George it's the dwarf world
games it's the same thing so you don't
die it's true yes it
you suck I suck girls faces with my face
hi yo you're not about to bring up high
bro yo you belong here don't let you tie
here okay we were going to eat some food
right now Evan brought the door
oh no it's too late right now every
touch to me and he said what do you want
to do bro and I said we get this squad
and if we fucked your mom
in the cards do you know I got the
extension brother how you're driving oh
oh snap Roseanne Joe you can reach I
like that point Bennett yeah this
innovation brothers about to take oh
wait why'd all that squad know is that
is that the future is no add when are we
gonna get you a car dog maybe after you
gave me a Rolex okay
two million likes on yesterday's video
I'm buying evident rolling and make it a
third verse
oh thank god bro that was gonna hear how
is there by the EU roba she brought my
food some chilling okay let's dive it oh
oh do your girl from yesterday
my man's left me a note bruh I know cuz
it says to Logan hey Logan
I wear youth medium hey Logan I were
using medium just straight up that we
wanted my lyrics it just i aiways come
on the low gay you know we just drop
that you emerging i you oh this is the
younger girl you know use medium vodka I
am here when Logan mr. CEO goes of lager
who follow my Instagram hat Logan Paul
let it literally bro you're awesome dude
customer guy well looking on how about
cheating on you I still of this gamer
it's mister steal yo girl I'm alone I'm
going with him I was gonna like throne
but are you good no are you good now and
my laughs are very thorough D today not
fun Quoddy Brolin up to the mall yagi
you're gonna see what shuttle we can
cause in here
brought me to the malt actually give me
a real gift right yeah no I actually got
you a gift eagle I gave you yesterday
but you didn't seem very accepting of it
so no no good again I pick them up and I
don't know what to do with them I can't
do anything I think that's why I do it
he breathed on the Yeti in stores now
yes crazy Brian put that there
hey what's up G it's the guy can't have
you guys coming here right oh no log in
my life away looking for life we're done
though you know he told us to stop
filming obviously I'm not going to do it
I'm a maverick but why are Canadians so
nice about everything are you good that
Sara says what's that sure to you you
probably live what maybe you small I
will give you some merch oh my gosh
you want some in me there you go the
Maverick it's the youth merch of course
of course because we are obviously at
the mall and I had an idea do you
remember this vine that I made with Evan
like four years ago yeah of course you
do because it's the shit anyways how
often can you get a group together like
this like this is amazing we got what
kind of people are following us we out
here too I'm like yo let's recreate the
same vine but vatican's by bed rest in
peace we're just going to vlog it well
all right let's give Savage
it's longer than three seconds but you
do play keep going this boy we're just
running from security this crazy looks
like we picked up a little low game how
did you guys even see us like how'd you
know was on dominica squad it's too late
good because of the savagery that just
took place I got some gifts bro I'm the
only one excited okay actually I only
have one gift it's a plate oh oh like
stuck in the ceiling before that's my
thing
yeah you pay for that I believe
hello again check this okay no really no
guys let me get your stuff we just
dropped to use merge so I'm just hey
Abby how do you even get a job here bro
man you complain about not having you
smerch locating the day did you take
that you've merged you run with it lucky
yo out that one was real how limited
they got people you guys some of you
think that these fights are real you're
not something like someone told that we
just add like sound effect to watch it's
fake its shape okay all the way I guys I
just go to the airport so if we just get
a break in here forever
and then you ever see a vlogger realized
yeah oh you have a nice clip for you I
think we're on different pages right now
kind of awkward but yo you have a nice
trip to Prague
yeah low gang it is time to go back to
Los Angeles gonna miss Evan man he said
he's not going to come back for like
another week it hurts bro I'm not gonna
have a roommate I guess the good news is
that it does leave more room for
smashing I'm afraid you anyways I guess
there's only one thing to say back to
haha oh yeah come in u.s. oh good hi
buddy I missed you did you miss me Joe
hey Shawn look there's nothing wrong
with fake calling except for the fact
that he's not real cone so my hat fell
off again I'll never let go Jack okay
anyways guys no I can't back home I want
to do something that what are you saying
just watch
yeah guys we obviously needed to break a
play one er there really got me terrific
so my boy Mark texted me he's like you
were playing a game in my place
I like game so I think we're gonna pop
our heads let's do it oh hi mark
oh hi mark did not hand out I did not
hey Kylie hey Mark I gotta get to your
brother
what Geddy back back for me oh my god I
was like this callback
I got a little fallout complex idea here
I got this alright I know you're gonna
clean this stuff tonight that reminds me
I brought something for you well I
didn't bring it for you someone brought
it for you and I have it I want it now I
want to know though three months ago a
guy came to my door he's like yo give
this to Logan I never gave it to I never
opened it but holding my gifts from me
man oh I would still like all the guys
there is no third version it could be
the surfers like I said someone came to
my door they go you don't know what the
lo you know what this is no this is this
is kind of cool it came with a side of
Chinese food I don't know kinda weird
but kind of dope cause it loves shiny to
the English I didn't save that free okay
how you do mother Kylie Kylie do you
want to be in my blog thanks Kylie not
me it's call here come here a big
folders called dear Logan I can
appreciate that
there we go
I about to get real yo It's A Wrap mo
component you're my hero you mean so
much to me I love you Loki but that's
what the Lincoln told me roll that Loki
indeed yes it did not break first
why not we're with the Turk because I
could do what up yo Brody and he's like
plug in everywhere yo link in
description put yo that's crazy
this guy just showed up to your house
and drop this off came with Chinese food
he's like here management for you and
that endures this he's like what gives
us to Logan bro contacts mmm and number
two so cool is to infect a batch Bentley
on you oh wow is family on YouTube yeah
baby all right
oh god no I thought maybe this after you
like this is a whole zircon situation
you guys remember zircon okay you are my
year rose oh okay man but I hope you
watched I watched it growing I did too
second verse is coming oh oh they're
looking for my second verse what do you
have this I heard it doesn't make yeah
that's the weird thing I actually talked
to Jacob on that today little sidebar I
feel like I should address this Jake
blog yesterday he said he played a part
of the third verse and then I released
my vlog right after saying the third
verse doesn't exist he texted me did you
not see my vlog before you posted the
earth I said I didn't see it haha he
said oh you suck I said but I still
don't think it exists because I never
made one he said because I played a part
of the third verse does it exist I said
you may have made a different song
because I know I made it and I started
elaborating so he gets it in his mind I
said that it's officer verse ha that's a
different song you don't have a first or
second burst probably have a surgery he
said no bro I got a third verse and the
fourth is business Pacific this boy was
with the bro so I go for broke where
first and second I did you look like
you're pointing at the ground employee
may be supplied excited Oh what is it
you go go
he said exactly I said so if you're not
a featured artist on that love and Paul
fire tracks how can you possibly have a
third book he does don't worry about me
dog a good dog bro I'm worried about you
wrote out a little update on that I
don't know what's going on bro anyways
we're just gonna watch a little bit of
this because I think what he's about to
say is important like you guys are my
family
yeah and if you had a family is growing
up I never had we're all split up when I
was in that grade Oh No
and ever since then I walk in contact
with my brothers and sisters Mountain my
dad told you shit get rid this really
heated rear D everybody got all the
friends man like a widow they got low
gaming yo that means I mean serious
about this one
yo this is a may abuse me because no I
say I'm sorry I'll be watching his real
got you baby
okay so no you know why I like this and
appreciate this I'm glad I can be your
beacon your friend and part of your
family idea no gang for legacy America
with that said guys that is the wall
gives you enough part of the low getting
that's all it gets into legit family so
make sure you subscribe join us we're
joined the to have get your maverick
merch link is in the description they
getting backpacks are selling very fast
like I got like a got your Sega Mark
panda as usual I will see you guys
tomorrow together okay well Logan
comment you're my hero you mean so much
to me I love you look without you watch
so we complete your services coming to
meet us what
Logan Pete yes mrs. maverick merged by
not where it's a turkey cuz I could do
what I wanna win I wanna how I want cuz
I'm a maverick son I'll never be what
I'm not
