you know what I'm realizing Brendan
what's up I had to say we can't vlog
here hey good morning okay what's poppin
it's not the morning in fact this is
literally right where we left off in the
last vlog anyways Lydia's about to leave
go back to Reno and upload the footage
this is the laptop with the foot three
this is cold no no no treat this is
diamond-cut like that time to play buddy
Lydia you you dusty short girl you can
do this Lydia this makes me nervous
Brendan that vehicle and Lydia is in
charge of my entire vlog we haven't
missed a day bro oh boy alright well
let's let's get this day started okay
what are we doing we got to g17 we got
to canon g7x they just move to your left
a little bit bro oh that Bernie man
sunset though but for now as the Sun
sets we go into the night and the real
Burning Man adventure begins if we
didn't bring the pickle it wouldn't be
burning man I want to give a shots to
Frank for the pickles are you Santa
Claus tonight bro I mean I'm definitely
a naughty boy but for the most part I've
been good Santa's got a list he's
checking it twice to make some nervous
by the way look at the swag I spent way
too much money on this outfit girl like
a layer on a layer on a layer on Olay
that's like some la stuff it's fancy
right and like you're like dangles like
a cape I don't know I'm not Superman I'm
just low
Brendan's vibing yo you look good honest
do you guys think we should make
Brendan's hair silver I say yes but yo
we have our light-up binky hold on hold
on look look we have our flashlights
once it gets dark that's like it bro it
gets cold and dark and dusty as long as
we look good like Joey like Brendan we
come ba okay
Oh birdie man
you said I'm a bitch oh geez okay I
don't even know where to begin
look at me I'm a mess right now at least
I have my boy Brendan who's also a lot
you know barely if I remember correctly
we're like halfway through the vlog but
it's weird because it's like morning
Randy what time is actually bro no one
know no one knows let me check my ID I
have a pocket watch
okay let's let's let's rewind okay and
let's start with what we know is it this
is actually this is actually crazy okay
how do i how do I describe this in the
utmost detail okay I wake up once look
at this dust everybody hello gang I wake
up this morning I have no idea where I
am
I have these pants that are supposed to
be on my body we're stuck we just like
what actually happened dawg like son of
a bitch and then like my bandana was on
and me and office truck dog like I lost
everything last night dog last night I
lost my maverick hat whatever clothes I
was wearing were gone and then I wake up
this morning and miraculously fine the
Maverick fanny pack TRO they told me it
was gone it's the footage bro
it's the footage bro and this dusty-ass
canon g7x like this thing barely works
right now looking at the lens is
actually over here is the best part
here's the best part I kind of foam bro
you lost your phone I have no idea what
my phone is bro my phone's gone I don't
like shit I don't even know if
yesterday's vlog is up bro I will say
last night I was struggling a bit and
I'm not even kidding I kept looking down
at this little bird logo right here and
I was just like bro
maverick maybe stay strong which I did
and I'm gonna do today the eight levels
low all right now I'm not gonna lie our
life just became I'm not even kidding
like a real-life hangover movie we have
to retrace the steps from last night cuz
bro I don't even know what happened
figure out this is where Brendan and I
slept yesterday one pillow one blank
every yo look what we've been here 12
hours
it's that mother what stop break
he looks so peaceful in his sleep but
Frank is no joke I don't know what time
it is uh I'm gross right now I feel like
in my life like I did just took I like I
ate jenny was a minor speed bump like
Brendon it me it meant we were doing
good bro with the vlogs local pawn
vloggers was poppin dude till are just
Bernie man stop man but yo oh here's the
lesson took a shot today straight-up
took a Conor McGregor Floyd Mayweather
like shot from life today right to the
jaw like I have no phone who knows where
the footages mom
dusty no phone don't know if yesterday's
vlog is up I have no contact with the
outside world but as long as I got my
family the low gang this camera my man
Brandon we gonna be a-okay so I think
bro we just start by maybe going to the
lost and found
yeah so now that I'm pretty much
completely disconnected from the world
I'm gonna stick to what I'm good at and
do what I do best and that's vlog and
plug merged you guys get your March look
of all that guys flush out get your
March bro nice wheel don't forget to buy
em I know what will make you faster bro
some maverick merch
link in description but uh yeah I want
to talk to guns you know where my phone
is ah there's no way this can be real
bro this is actually God
he was on there earlier you might not
pick up for you Wow give me some good
news hello no this is Patrick there is
Brendan I know we're coming up with the
Lost and Found right now while I'm
optimistic about this situation I also
feel like it's an accurate statement
that I'm completely time praying to the
youtubes Burning Man vlogs God please
have my phone okay cool Boston fine
Boston found does this shape pictures
not ages pictures of it do you remember
what your background is yeah bro it's
the low dude there's no God I'm keeping
it collected right now but I'm ecstatic
well Bernie man you had me for a second
but I'm coming back oh six 117 that's
the number so funny she comes back she's
like yeah yeah we don't have ghosts it's
so funny because I came to Bernie man
like to disconnect right and then I lost
my phone I was like I can't do that I'm
a vlogger like I make cars ever this is
a miracle I also want to say the phone
came fully 100% charge they charge you
for me bro like here I also learned this
if you're a burning man and your phone
is dying or something you just you throw
it you throw it on the playa they'll go
to the lost and found a little charger
for you
there's nothing I want more in the world
right now than this hot pocket
yeah Burning Man food yeah as I eat this
hot pocket I just want to say it's
moments like these where I'm just I'm
like what the first am i doing with my
life
it's a good question it's the it's the
question I don't know I don't want to
say like it's moments like these it's
not I don't have these movie like it's
this particular moment I'm just very
confused with life we haven't even guys
gotten to like actually explore Burning
Man by the way yo how did I get my GoPro
last night did you yo I found it on the
fly okay cuz I thought I lost you found
it how is that possible
this place is huge while Burning Man has
definitely rocked us I think it's safe
to say that we've rocked back a little
bit everyone is still sleeping and by
the way it's like what 3 p.m. everyone's
asleep after a great when my man Frank
wakes up I'm gonna show him that I found
my phone and that there is indeed a
Burning Man gone he's back he can't
really talk right now so he's doing
these vocal warm-ups I started to tell
you Row is big it's big it's big news
it's my big skin day room fully charged
from the playa has spoken he said he did
he warned me said you put your phone
away before we go out tonight and I said
I said I quote no Dawg I got to do it's
my big butt and just when you think it
couldn't get any more interesting look
good how are you not good Lydia not good
I don't know I don't remember sleeping
what
why stranded about 20 minutes away until
8:00 a.m. what yeah
no paint so Olivia it's a nice oh no
what happened with the footage it's good
but it's like late yeah yeah what did
you do how did you know you you you made
a vlog on my channel oh let me get this
straight
let me get this straight you became
Logan Paul it's funny that's coming to
go I didn't get that tax Lydia cuz I'm
not getting any text Lydia no sir visit
oh also I lost my phone but then I found
my phone yeah I'm on it still not good
but yeah it was quite the night it was
quite the night Lydia I just behold and
Jeff approve this what just come oh
you're losing my mind at Burning Man and
you make it Lydia become a vlogger Jeff
take the life she chokes Blagh life
shows me no look this is what it's about
that maverick spirit baby I plugged your
rig so chin really yeah of course I did
by the way if you haven't gotten any
looking for that gun flash yeah you know
what I'm realizing Brendan what's up
hate to say we can't vlog it room we
can't we can't stay here bro we can't
stay here I don't like giving up I don't
like giving up but I know I'm smart
enough in my head the score is burning
man 1 Logan Paul
today was definitely a speed bump in my
life a setback that hopefully I can
learn a lesson from the near future
I woke up not knowing if I would even
have a vlog or we're in the middle of
the desert I threw my phone I was
freaking out what if someone found it in
the leaked my nudes huh I'm not ready to
have my news leaked not yet anyways the
important thing was to stay positive and
keep doing what I do best and that is
creating content so I put on this big
furry coat and took a sexy Instagram
photo at Logan Paul but I will say
Burning Man you've won this time
three hour drive to Reno and I gotta say
I feel have been out of place here oh
man dude the past 24 hours have been ski
crazy I think what I'm taking from this
whole thing is that like to be honest
bro Burning Man it's like not for me I
like putting myself in like
uncomfortable scenarios and situations
like standing in the middle extending in
the row so that's why I go to Burning
Man and I tried looking at sort of below
Brendan
but we took else we through we took a
bad Alice dog but glad we got that one
Instagram photo bro hello gang please do
me a favor like that picture for me
there's still one W I need one W and if
you're not a part of the lo gang make
sure to subscribe
get your maverick and Logan merch link
for that is in the description I love
y'all and I will see you tomorrow where
hopefully it gets a little easier to
vlog take it easy
a lunches no not the question a
enchantix west
