guys we are in Reno Nevada and with my
little eyes I saw woke up on the rock so
the better have to wake myself up okay
Brenda you want to go to slice the
pineapple in front of Evan what I can
fix this
Lydia said I can't cuz you what did you
do
slice a pineapple what do you need me to
do for you just shoot me just do it I
deserve that okay tricking myself into
waking you up I think it's working if
you're not a part of the low game you're
not if you're not a maverick yeah yo hit
the subscribe button join the fan as far
as what's going down today
we are headed to thee a burning man I'm
telling you low gang this like The
Burning Man is insane my first I think 3
or 4 vlogs were from Burning Man we are
approaching a year of vlogging yeah
that's right 365 daily vlog when I first
started vlogging I was just kind of
experimenting at Burning Man enjoy some
clips of that
are you working on a mushroom that's
crazy but now I have my secret weapon we
also have a better camera drones GoPros
more cameras so I'm really excited for
this year but you know at Burning Man
it's like it's just a festival the
weirdness right yesterday
Brendan you haven't even seen this yet
don't worry guys it's fake fur but
you're supposed to just dress like an
idiot and I think this makes me look
like a needy on this hood and you're
just ready to burn bro yes obviously
though that's not it Brendan and I are
not like hippies so we are gonna go
Burning Man shopping today
it wasn't look Evan you look avid stop I
have wonder crisp okay requests we have
we're gonna go shopping we're gonna get
some breakfast would you would you be
down to maybe drive us there that's the
most are your car oh good morning good
morning everybody good morning Ivan Ivan
I'm saying about partying what are you
thinking about specifically you're not
being that cuz you're not invited uh-uh
all the bad honey's I'm gonna be there
oh and all the party cake party cake
yeah I'm gonna get a cake that says
Logan's going don't wanna take a left
here you could go with that left lane
use right now if you want I'm gonna miss
you real talk
oh you know yeah I really am like you
bro Bernie mask real it as f why don't
you come bro they got acting classes I
gotta take cuz you want to be a better
actor having already it pretty good
active better than you I should say oh
right I already have on the maps I know
I'm lonely of it if you're not gonna do
a real life it doesn't matter sobriety
right here why do you tell me look it up
and good tell me what it go there oh oh
yo
nevermind that was your age I would hook
up with at least four different girls
every day every day it was every day bro
with that STD flow it's every day bro
with a sed flow gonorrhea committee
never come over
I'm starving are you starving don't
starve Olli wait for our food I feel
like this is a good time to bring up the
music video that I helped to co-direct
for the why don't we boy is now out the
song is called these girls it's a go to
me a favor go check it out leave a like
on the video here's a little preview for
that studs the link for that is in the
description okay let's see that you
bring home mom no this makes me so happy
right I don't even know what this is
here's the plan I'm gonna devour this
breakfast and then we're gonna go on
Melrose and just go to some weird stores
like I said earlier Burning Man it's
like a really really really really weird
plate so it's gonna pick up clothes and
maybe like bike also I want to give a
quick shout out to my brother he
actually drove 20 hours to Houston
helped everyone go through hurricane
Harvey day strong guys were supporting
you with Jake one Paul brother is
supporting you I'm supporting you vice
but saying this I'm gonna put his
GoFundMe link in the description if you
guys want to help out those who are
struggling right now Jake dude you
inspire me
hopefully you inspire people that can
help out it's everyone in Houston man my
heart is with you stay strong we're
rooting for you let's go shopping
getting weird bro we're at the store I'm
looking for Burning Man stuff Evans
looking for party supplies oh here use
that while we're gone oh yeah there's a
lot of good stuff here dude it's weird
because people wear these eccentric
outfits and it takes place in the desert
so it's hot in the day and really cold a
nice so your outfits range from pretty
much being naked to like big big heavy
furs maybe if you just wear that maybe
if I like just that like no wonder we're
just straight-up four great yeah that's
a good move oh is that dwarf mama or is
that
no that's doubtful let's talk Footwear
okay boots weird like crazy boots are a
big thing look if we go down this path I
gotta get something that screams like
who's trying to smash ah
those video it's a little awkward
because sometimes ever forget Caesar
door what hey bro you can you can rock
are you good did you give up I'm just
just chauffeur today anyway I'm not
gonna lie you look good like that
actually stay there I'm just leaving bro
burning man's weird ro I mean to be
honest I have no idea bro I like the
shirt though available now and logo Paul
complex yeah pretty hard it's cool right
I feel like Assassin's Creed I'm gonna
be walking around the playa that's what
they call the desert guys that fly just
like just bunch of people that face it
just assassins just like subscribing and
you know uh how much swag can one burner
have oh guys by the way this stuff is
like really expensive like five hundred
dollars Brendan we could drop in Iraq
Brendan got some cool pants too
yo this is awesome bro or any man's cool
cuz like if it'd just be yourself
which I actually already do anyways and
encourage all of you to do everyday
well like everyone else breaks out of
their shell at Burning Man just be is
weird dude it's an investment the way I
see it's important to look good at
burning you got a bunch of stuff here
it's probably gonna cost way too much
money
go ahead and do me a favor like this
video so you can get a lot of views so I
can pay for my Burning Man outfit thanks
Logan
Wow Wow eleven hundred dollars on
clothes I'll drop 20k on a Rolex I'll
buy like a piece of jewelry but like bro
for clothes I just especially clothes
they're gonna get trash trash rows gonna
be dust all over they're gonna be
useless after Burning Man how you about
to park the better-looking more
expensive car I will say low gang I got
a video from his nephew yeah other day
roll the clip
I'm on your biggest hands-on and I just
want to see your shots de Peixe is
nephew okay
damn it feels good to be a gangsta yo
don't you mean the low gangster damn it
feels good to be a low gangster I'm
pissed you're not coming classic you
good boy survey anyways guys it's about
time to go we have to Brenda we gotta
get packed ro we got a man tipper
we're gonna burn a man nah I don't think
I don't think they actually burn a man
no maybe last year they didn't anyways
but I mean maybe this year you and I
like burn anyways look oh look oh hey
you good did you fill it out oh you got
you do or no yes
makes sense
alright I'll just help myself oh yes
yeah
I like that relentless done what's up
say it again
Thank You savegame what you thinking
 one more time doing what what
what yes what but I'm gonna need Lydia
she's coming to Burning Man with us see
free map that Lydia uh this is actually
interesting no one has ever vlogged from
Burning Man no Wi-Fi it's surrounded by
mountains it's like a three-hour drive
to the middle of a desert and we've been
we made like Brendon and me we've been
grinding trying to figure out how to
vlog Rindy grinding bro what we came up
with after deciding if we wanted to like
fly in and out every night or drive in
or like ship the footage out with
someone leaving we decided that Lydia is
gonna drive in and out from Reno every
day grab the footage the drive is three
hours six hours total
you guys can't okay low gang it is time
to go I just want you guys to know that
there is no one I'm gonna miss more in
the world than you Kong you are my best
friend you are my soul mate I love you
to the end of the world my own I didn't
I didn't mean I didn't come on the dog
it was a joke are we being bullies I
like you all right here at the airport
if you guys haven't figured it out yet
we are not going directly to Burning Man
today first we have to fly into Reno
tonight and that look Lydia dropped her
phone are you okay are you good bro are
you embarrassed
are you embarrass a little bit and then
we're leaving for Burning Man tomorrow
morning at which point is gonna get
rowdy bro I feel like this is a good
time to address some things one everyone
who goes to Burning Man loves to talk
about how they're going to Burning Man
Matthew myself included I was already
gonna say that I'm a hypocrite like I'm
definitely gonna be vlogging I'm
probably gonna be actually the worst
hypocrite wait wait a second are you
going to Burning Man yeah yeah yeah also
I'm gonna say this tomorrow as well that
the next few days they're gonna get
wacky guys like I'm gonna be
sleep-deprived sunburned dehydrated like
I'm gonna be out of my mind I like the
Logan that you're gonna see is gonna be
like a slightly weirder Logan which is
difficult cuz I'm Arnie skin weirdo but
yeah this is warning numero uno that is
Spanish for number one last thing quick
shout-out to this airline I don't know
how you've done it I really don't but
this whole airplane smells like porta
potty so good work guys we are in Reno
Nevada and with my little eyes I saw
okay dropped into this list can you do
that again without breaking a bone or
muscle I could do that but seeing it I'm
like out of it
hello guy you know I love seeing you in
real life we Oh honestly ran out when I
see y'all repping that I'm not wearing
it up repping that bird that maverick
logo yo can you I'm getting deep for one
sec if you could shut them Scott I love
it I love it man freakin guys we're
changing the world and and the gear
looks amazing yo if you don't have any
maverick stuff yeah or even low gang
stuff Logan Paul calm slash shop or
lincoln description y'all know what to
do baby Brendan watch out hi I don't
know how but someone gave us that well
we've rented this yeah that was a bad
idea guy anyways Joe Evans not here
Lydia's here she's hot all you again
she's 49 she's kind of short like Evans
we need the pedal extenders do we need
the but are you good without them okay I
think I think we do a little driving
with Lydia
Lydia
I feel why it's your big day settle on
her feet subscribe to the blog keep left
ok I'm doing good love I don't know how
to say this in a in a nice way what if
you were driving any slower would be
going backwards are you trying to be
like it would drive her an initiate
conversation like she has we're eating
breakfast does she guys she's like so
how's everyone doing and bread and I
just like look better like what the
no you are it's nice it's nice it's nice
it's just like we're good I'm not gonna
lie Lydia like this is just isn't the
same like driving with Lydia is just not
the same
just yeah this did this this segment
over hope you enjoy yo yo
I forgot Nevada was a gambling state
what do you mean you King here bro I'm
not a huge gambler but here's the thing
about me no gang when I do gamble I win
right if you're gonna gamble the key
there's no luck or anything you just
have to win right which which which I
like oh did I break the wall I just
wanted a cool transition okay anyways
guys that is the law Brendan and I are
gonna get real cozy tonight this bed to
herself being gentleman and stuff if
you're not a part of the low gang
subscribe because I apparently break
walls it's get your mad for March low
gamer that's my boy marceline
description look a ball that comes last
shop and do not forget to leave a like
on the white only boys new music video
music video the link for the eyes and
sorry did you got this believe in you
ladies rich description and also a lot
of links in the description the link for
my brother's GoFundMe page to help those
affected my hurricane Harvey is also
down there I donated $1,150 today just
because like dude I saw pictures and I
just I can't imagine what you guys are
going through so I tried to help and
also hopefully this helps so if you guys
got extra money go go donate what that
says low gang I love you all and I will
see you tomorrow let's get crazy magic
Oh
