What's Up mr. right don't worry about it
I got it right now
let me see that bad boy let me see so
long like a giant spoon but a ton I'm
scooping around this morning I feel a
little goofy a little tired but it's a
good time to say if you're not a part of
the low game make sure to subscribe yeah
we are the fastest growing channel on
YouTube and the strongest family on
YouTube and the best ever done so yeah
hit the subscribe button ok in a few
days as you all know your boys going to
Burning Man if you do not know what that
is LP is gonna show you in about two
days I think oh boy also the tongue has
not changed yogi how that's what I've
been saying oh all right okay so mouth
cool happen this morning I actually
shaved my chest but not freakin landing
strip yo nothing says I'm sticking out
here bro like a landing strip damn bro
look at this man the ocean if there's
any aircraft in the area in need of an
emergency landing I got you also good
morning neighbors are if you're looking
at my skin and it's blinding you just to
pay a white boy from Ohio with a big
dick
wait what oh oh hello hey raspy ass
voices whoa whoa why something your
name's Deborah you've been a smoker for
50 years smoke no good no good do you
want to work out no what was the
flashback I'm like you could just pull
the trigger oh no it was me bro I'm
sorry I genuinely miss don't don't give
me that look I really am sorry
hey well I got you a new pair of
headphones oh hey actually got them like
two days ago bro I got them the same day
I broke them I forgot to give them to
you but now you have all the plates who
watch my vlogs hear this in your memory
if you come to my house and we throw you
and you don't break here to take you
anyways to do this number four and it
smudged a little bit but it said runway
landing strip it's a runway look you can
land something watch
my man Brendon it's good to see you
exciting news my man evan is going to so
pump it's his big day I'm a purple car
right here but yo I'm not driving guess
who is I'm late cuz you to this well
don't be so pissed one thing you need to
know about me bro I'm never late
to any feel always alright here's I want
to say something see this Kellogg's
cinnamon frosted flakes you guys owe me
money you need to start paying me to
plug your cereal I'm not making I'm just
saying I really like I can make a
fortune
my rage whoa mo places to be yeah do you
know if we're late at this point it's
your fault how does it mind you're in
control you could be running these red
lights and stuff for you choosing to be
like 20 minutes ago be like always
Oh die we're dead this is heaven this is
what heaven looks like an asshole you
give me the most guttural like from the
heart laughs I didn't even know I had
that till I discovered you is that the
first instinct yeah I can tell that was
sarcastic
that was your fault scream out brims all
the time
nothing that would be no pilots get one
thing straight i won
I never scream okay and you have no
evidence to prove that I do aspect but
don't flashback
don't don't fight nobody did nobody did
you already did it oh you did fuck
oh you passed it you passed it yeah we
made it thanks guys for watching driving
with Eddie
like I'm sending my child after school
for the first day all right guys let's
go back home to AH to juggle and I know
what you're thinking Logan don't you
mean snuggle and that's because I have
with me my man he's so big why is
nothing no no I didn't mean snuggle
could you juggle for me so yeah he
juggles bro this is juggling Josh and
that's him Jake over there all right so
remember last time where you threw me
apples I was juggling knives I slice I
do remember that flashback
I just got approved by Guinness to set
the world record for most apples sliced
while drunk give us the beer no no give
us the world records oh let's go let's
go break a world record
actually right now we're gonna be cold
world record is a two person record so
you're throwing you're throwing the RO
add to the resume blogger Josh actor
entertainer
Josh will like rhoda chops douchebag
egotistical maniac
Hodgman psycho douchebag world-record
holder like ensues world record you can
see my bad
why would be
the world is doomed to die come I want
you to kiss me my mouth
that's my problem this is why I got a
move bro what do you say pissing off all
in every look what are you good bro
are you embarrassment
your wife is apologizing for you what'd
he call me a squid sweet I like that
yeah I think I must start saying that
hey you look yeah you're a squid I got
the knives we've got the apples the
current world record is 13 apples in 30
seconds so we need to get to port speed
that's really math actually fact we can
you got 814
Oh
Oh chewing on an apple back there I was
throwing the apples guys I wanted it
like to be like fucked up but I just had
to focus to see you wanting to celebrate
what you were I know I was a weight loss
feels so stupid like that Australian got
to get to knew I had this pair over here
though me like wait what the coolest
plug of ever I don't know how to
describe this but for the next record
imma break balloons with a pineapple
while we're blowing them up bro these
balloons are ghosts popping I gotta make
a call I actually don't have to make a
call I just I forget it was a good time
to plug my merch the hottest mercs in
the game babies though this logo I swear
to god guys is changing the world it's a
revolution if you're not a part of that
yet if you're not being yourself being
different oh good ghost pops ghost pops
I'm don't worry about it
/john for Lincoln to school ghost pops
get it while your care
let's go try to break another world
would you describe it as a ghost pop
left is looking like it will sauce oh
you ghost bro and then we crossed it out
what it look at the bottom Oh what the
fuck
so we'll have to skip the pineapple
world record but I think we can set our
own world record I hear you love
breaking plates me no I just I've seen
you break plate I personally I've broken
Zoo flashback no no no I can already
have the one who controls the flashbacks
on my vlog yeah it's done but I love
breaking plates let's make it a world
rig I so the beauty of setting a world
record is you get to come up with all
the rules and just do basically whatever
you want here the roots for this one I'm
gonna break ten plates but I'm gonna
have both hands behind my back and I'm
wearing most Gucci Gucci slippers are
part of the world record yeah you have
to be wearing Gucci slippers not
everybody can afford Gucci slippers just
become a youtuber adsense is fire right
now three two one
oh that's gotta be a new world erection
okay I caught myself be a maverick it's
bleeding I'm like a Gucci slippers
that's the last thing I wanted to happen
today Josh I woke up I was like man I
don't want blood am I good yeah but no
like I was telling you I haven't I
haven't broken one plate right good
collapse fun times I got some manner of
mercy you've got just the classic thank
you plug your show go and take this time
to plug channel mobium Paul blocks Logan
Paul go bucs Logan Paul calm slash shops
with slash blog subscribe subscribe to
that channel that you just heard I will
see you guys yeah I'm just kidding about
that their channel link is in the
description but I'm kind of tweaking
about some rice come just FaceTime me
and I'm not even kidding when I say this
he had a gun in his hand and Evan was
next to him bro what with yeah with duct
tape over his mouth and banks was there
they said they said Logan you first stop
they kidnap Evan dog and I'm not even
like I'm not even like like this
literally just happened he said if I
don't come in an hour to his house bring
the clothes exchanged the clothes for
Evan you say should I just not go what
do you think what yeah we should
definitely go but also I saw this bro I
didn't know why I didn't see this well
they straight-up stalked evidence and he
kidnapped a decimal scheme for - my boy
if any was
my point it's gonna be
my blood is boiling right now we are
about to pull up to Rice's house is
straight up I'm not messing around
we're to have a get you remain calm
What's Up mr. right gums don't worry
about it I got it wrong portraits I got
this up thanks Rita J I need those back
you betrayed me bro easy easy
I'm just gonna put these down and you
set up over all right by the way I like
that shirt right
yo so that was crazy bro yeah what the
just happened
I have no I don't know bro I drew some
rice made some EW laughter my acting
class
I talked to over I was really in the
process of calling you but calling you
oh really and then they pull it up it
was like yeah love you send us instead
whoa whoa we're beefing right now and
the boot is gonna continue whether
you're good right they didn't like no
one touch your butthole or anything no
we play pool food Did you touch their
buttholes for anybody who's touched
nono bustles touch that's good
well I think all right bra no taking all
right dad I think you made a writer
absolute stand there say boss first time
I'm sitting down okay
did here the worst passenger driver of
all time yeah but I'm the best screaming
your driver you never give directions
and and I got my JS back thank God got
me my maverick days back we still that's
all you cared about with the movie James
no bro you were my numero uno priority
the change was just a bonus or lives in
the back here so tell them what numero
uno means yeah number one yeah I knew
that I knew what that made already okay
that is the blow can I just come here
bro I'm sorry dude at the end of the day
and even at the beginning of the day bro
I love you straight up this ball game is
dangerous
it's a row it's a dangerous game this is
the second time I've got kids okay I'm
gonna I'm gonna I'm part of the low game
make sure to subscribe
hop and we're live we're Mavericks get
your merch lurking brother comes last
shuffling in description I love y'all
I'll see you tomorrow
take it easy bad by the way we're going
to Burning Man tomorrow take it easy man
booth was gonna throw me bro hit the
camera that time you good
are you gonna drive yeah
the pedal extensions yeah imma use my
feet what
