yeah Jack had me submerged on drugs I
got a do it bro Oh put the merch cannon
down put the cannon down everyone shut
up shut up yeah I'm excited for this
long Evan your hands off me no oh you
miss okay guys here's what's going down
I don't know if this is gonna work but
if you don't try you don't fail wait no
uh if you didn't try you never know if
you can succeed so I woke up this
morning and I was looking at the to-do
list number one I like to do this we'll
get some ice cream and number two is
sell Myrtle being the chops the genius
judge I am I'm sitting here a fan in
here thank you why we just combine them
welcome he's got Optima boy Oh
brake plate is off the list okay so I
figured if we get an ice cream truck and
up reverse oh we're doing today buddy
oh no not right still not right I rented
an ice cream truck yeah an actual ice
cream truck and we are gonna sell
Malvern March the hottest merch in the
game out of the ice cream truck I know I
know I didn't know that yeah guys I
don't know if you know I don't know how
to updated you but the merch is selling
like hotcakes Logan you guys are eating
it ultimately it's a movement I say it
every day the movement of Mavericks
people with a goal who are passionate
and will not let anything get in their
way to achieve that goal it's happening
I'll talk to you later do but it's
happening it's going down
I figured why not just do this one thing
with the ice cream - am I still talking
about let's just do it the first thing
we got to do is shoot Ayla in the face
with the merch how you do it ah me I
like you know we do have to get Merc ah
the merged closet it really is a
beautiful thing man sometimes to just
come in here and just get naked we gotta
pack all this stuff up guys we got
decals were putting on this ice cream
truck - yo if you guys are not
subscribed yet you're looking at your
YouTube channel you don't see subscribe
what does have to buy join the little
guy anyways I think the next thing to do
is go see the ice cream truck yo we got
a lot of stuff but cut a whole team of
people helping to move the march to the
draw big duh I feel like this is
something I can't do without my Gucci
slippers this is right kind of my good
luck charm oh my god it's beautiful
okay just lend yourself so nicely to
just be turned into the Maverick Mercure
mobile yo guys this is he this is his
truck thank you very gonna make a lot of
kids happy birthday she's calling me job
G George you want to sell ice cream
merged with me today actually knowing
just come to your window bro calm down
bro yeah okay that was convenient okay
so yeah we're just gonna load this thing
up and then customize it and we'll be
good to go came to a different location
to deck out the ice-cream truck but
y'all get it next to the Yeti like this
thing actually gives it a run for his
money gotta say they do look good next
to each other oh my god oh my god
and disgusting shirt why do you not are
you good are you do even vlog what I've
gotten oh yeah sure I can use my chest
yeah in fact idea here I got you both
the classic low game for life yeah
that's my boy right there
okay what alright apparently we lost
George let me tell you what I like about
this vehicle I'm looking at the inside
of this truck in this is dope dude yeah
no this is good we got like shelves for
all the merch I'm assuming the real ice
cream goes in here but okay not ice
cream obviously where the driving will
take place yo my man does this have AC
AC just went out about 40 years cool
cool for tears junk lad let's get to
work obviously it wouldn't be complete
without the logo sorry in this one thing
I'm looking at ice cream like clearly
this is false outside I could be sued
for like a lot of money I'll take the
copy we go okay they're my merch right
this is the nicest sheis ice-cream menu
in the world yeah someone help me take
the bottom anyone I can oh no no cuz I
wasn't your cue heaven map I could have
done that got a better job because my
air bubble oh yeah hold on here holding
oh here's one thing do you do a better
job in here here go for it I just should
have been done a long time yo what ha
damn it ha ha ha
hello Kay how are you somebody my merged
so if you look to your left you'll see
we got the merge up and that's pretty
much it I let go oh I've done some crazy
stuff in my life and this isn't crazy
but it's really cool needless to say as
usual look upon us we have it okay you
guys know that some of you like sit
outside my house I've been weird but I'm
going to take advantage of it and we are
going to go run out there and that's
what we're going to try to sell the
works
I'm sorry
website Oh someone broke the window
someone broke the window know that in
fact it's bad
Logan you guys are out of control how to
support it though that's what being a
maverick is about okay glass is breaking
we need to get out of here
Ian bro I can't get all them good
Sebastian how did that happen bro bro
the logging was right on the side and
they're like hitting this side and one
two three something ah savage you've got
to shut are you bleeding
oh man oh you're going to need stitches
dog I'm gonna get you alive it's gonna
get your blood is a lot in it well game
made by videographers please thanks guys
you did a good job you have any words to
the low gang for injuring you while Oh
gang you must sense the best I mean bro
it's not that bad but I got one question
are you good bro what about my gosh my
job duct tape coming in handy as usual
yeah this is definitely the moon and
it's a bit safer lot of being part of
boom I don't even I can't even tell it's
broken aisle 17 looks pretty good where
we got here ace wraps bro you just put
it around your knee tied up a little lot
not lot lot and you will survive bro I'm
pretty sure I'ma be honest I've gotten
caught a lot in my life there's there's
no way Sebastian lives through this no
way 100 percent sevens I've been telling
him like he's fine honestly like he's he
was a good kid I'm not gonna lie oh god
it looks so sexy and Evan still looks
like a boy who left the Pinewood Derby
oh okay you need to stop being so rude
to me bro I just lost a very near and
dear friend his name was Sebastian and
he just died right there oh you made it
oh good I'm glad I'm glad thanks buddy
oh ah damn ice on the ground to have
another how long wrong okay good ah yeah
my brother says you guys probably
guessed it but your parking enforcement
is right there no good no good
hey what's up hi Jake ballers they're
not as enthusiastic as the low game all
this my brother you wanna buy the Marvel
no what are you oh you mother what did
you get on much gun yo I you got that
idea from me like I have a question I
have a question okay bro yeah it's oddly
tame here
let's go something's how they all just
shut down the whole entire street yeah
the whole street why do they do that
they got budget the how many parking
enforcement parking enforcement one of
course why what's happened coughs nice
cream truck right now
what if you parked that ice cream truck
right now you're going to get a ticket
uh-huh but I'll sell merch which will
pay for it which will pay traffic ticket
okay I might be moved wrote why does
your shirt say LP on it Logan Paul
expell come on oh I thought it was
straight up Logan Paul because those are
my initials I didn't graduate college
but I know that I didn't even finish
high school
I'm surprised able to spell your own
name dude I can't really I have to look
at my Twitter at handle kindly ask you
not to play yeah I got to do it I got to
make money by YouTube do some time to
talk pollinate a pause but like you
often a Virgo the number one savage out
of out of everyone is my guy we don't
ever survive Road Jack Jack had me
submerged on dog
I got a do it bro Oh put the merch Canon
down with the cannon down look look like
not not dog I got look I have a shirt
I've been having this weird like twitch
thing recently like
Oh Oh my truck it's not my true quarry
Oh Jake no I'm leaving I don't know it's
not my choice yeah is he on a nutty just
woke up Roger Mavericks Roger play dang
dang oh by the way guys I think now's a
good time to say if we didn't drive by
you today in the merge truck which is a
good good probability because 99.99% of
you don't live in LA you can get your
mojo local ball that cop slash appium
ever join the squad we're back where we
started
Ian's calling his boss luckily we found
these rags in the truck go ahead and get
them wet we can clean off the truck yeah
man it's important that you take
responsibility for your actions
how you doing up hot the good news is
that the egg is coming off actually no
it's not
it's cancer yes oh I'm so sorry are you
going to sue me bro I'll represent you
no I don't wanna push the rock okay guys
that is the law and a interesting day
like I said you wanna get your maverick
murse you know where to get a link in
description and if you're not a part of
the logo make sure to subscribe cuz you
already start where we live hi I love
you guys and I will see you tomorrow
take it easy man oh wait one thing I'll
pay for everything bro
all right and extra I got you a is
goodies Cup hi guys I'll see you
tomorrow
yeah
romance you have any idea how to fix
this yes step back okay
oh Jesus yeah Oh probably not next to
the audio DRT not good
