Oh yo he's doing like double agent bro
this is the it's rush hour you got to do
it now before you in fact 9191 take two
guys I've had some good mornings but
today might be one of the best mornings
never because this is a new thing boss
the place what guys little disclaimer
this is not a brand deal we just like
everyone those frosted flakes yeah if
you don't like positive flakes you're
usually a serial killer anyways dude
yeah it's good morning I haven't had a
morning feeling like this good in
probably 24 hours no coming I know I'm
swearing a lot I'm so sorry for all the
parents whose kids are watching my vlogs
I'm really a good guy yeah you want the
cinnamon frosted flakes this is the
ultimate test here come on go what do
you see life's good today Kong okay see
you later
you know I got it it's in between my
legs
what does it smell like you want to make
anything good what do you think happens
my points like a unicorn grants a wish
or like your endorphins like that - I
don't know bro just like be careful okay
I'm not even kidding frosted flakes and
Kellogg's specifically you guys owe me
so much money for plugging this hard it
looks like gold straight-up gold bro
call me Bruno Mars I'm talking that 24
karat magic in these shine bright like a
diamond Devon I'm referencing a lot of
pop songs today here's one you guys may
have heard here Evan help me help you be
smarter than the milk Evans that hard
for you cry making me in bed here's the
fun fact guys Evan still has his like
Midwest roots so he still drinks like
regular cow milk yeah I mean yeah
everyone in LA drinks almond milk or
like soy milk because it doesn't come
from animals I'm not a vegan or
vegetarian but I I have gotten sucked
into the almond milk trey songz a
Hollywood dog I bet he doesn't eat your
cow milk he's a Midway Ruston Louisiana
he'd eat up that milk
what a guy I think I grew two inches
dude me too bro but in my dick it's cool
cuz now my dick is four inches honestly
that's the next level REE right there
that is some next-level responsive place
you did yeah you did good Kellogg's you
did good so here's something that's been
happening recently so we got Evan a
space costume anyone he puts it on his
carpet he feels like he's in space cuz
the carpet is fluffy and it gives him
like the perception of being on the moon
he thinks he's genuinely in space
anyways yeah oh you're not in space no I
mean listen while you can't go to Spain
oh oh Jesus
this is difficult well you can't go to
space Evan you can drive a car Houston
can you confirm this I'm not Houston but
you guys know Evan the other day got
these pedal extensions and we're gonna
hook it up to my car and he's gonna
drive wrong for the first time ever yeah
we're gonna figure it out today
okay guys I don't know I issued not
actually a challenge was issued to me by
mr. Brian Lake a a rice gum he said he's
gonna give me four strikes cuz I've been
like kind of sneak dissing him a little
bit in my vlogs I've done it three times
and he said if it happens again he's
gonna have to make a diss track against
me kinda like drama kinda like this
track so I'll let you guys make the
decision I said if the vlog from two
days ago got a million likes and a
million comments which by the way is all
just closed the low games goes hard bro
like you guys never fail to impress me
got bad well guess what
you got it 1 million likes 1 million
comments who would have guessed
yo I think you know can you hand me a
piece of this plate bro yo
have some drama on the horizon it looks
like I got I got one strike left and
according to the likes and comments you
all want me to take that strap but I
gotta use it like smart bro I got one
strike left one let's sneak dish for
rice makes his distress so keep an eye
out for the snake this because it's
coming Padula yesterday you guys saw I
told my brother I was not getting a
Lamborghini with them I know it's sad we
had planned on getting Lamborghinis
together and becoming the lambreaux and
it just wasn't the move from me bro
anyways number three on the to-do list
merch cannon heat oh no damn it I
spelled hey please don't have that thing
at the bottom Logan you idiot
oh hey anyways let me elaborate karna
needs you to step back
okay inside of this box we have the heat
oh yeah yeah uh-huh
the other side though I'm not gonna make
a big thing out of this but this is the
golden maverick with my signature
they're also in gold it's known to be
the worst signature in Hollywood not
even kidding my manager says I have the
worst signature in Hollywood look on the
tag here these are the official Canon
shirts one out of 50 there's only 50 of
these and the only way to get them is if
I fire them out of the cannon at you so
I think later when Evan goes to drive
around will like shoots emerge but yeah
I just wanted to update you guys because
you see me in real life with one of
these in a cannon look yeah about to
launch the first official t-shirt cannon
t-shirt t-shirt cannon yeah take two I'm
glad to launch the first for the first
emerge can t-shirt exclusive one of the
beat not for sale I am Number One so for
like probably like a grand on eBay bro
mirrors are like a weird thing I'm
looking at this mirror here I'm looking
at me in the mirror one thing I noticed
about myself is like my nose hairs dude
they're actually like quite prominent
like take it out right look I got it
like what's helping me Brock I do
something about that also though
apparently I suck in shaving look I got
this little little patch here but I like
look at did I want to lose my deal bro I
knew I was colorblind but I didn't know
I was Canadian I do yep it makes me
laugh when my voice cracks but uh yeah I
can't talk 150 you good bro surveys
given to me by a low gangster last you
I've taken the liberty of already
filling one out you shave bro and then I
circled down here I tried cuz I did yep
yep anyways you know I'm excited for
this bro it's your big day yeah how does
this work bro
I'll show you okay so how this works is
the gas pedal goes through this little
slot yeah and then you screw it on the
gas pedal oh right and then you push it
so you can reach yes this is an amazing
bro then you can change the length with
take this screw and it can make this
change yeah I'll put it on right now
yo 2017 is a good year for technology
and innovation and dorrance here let me
let me provide with light after all I am
a vlogger it's good yeah normally when I
say this I'm joking but like it is Evans
big day this is cool get your big bags
yeah is it all look yes it works no this
is dawg oh now the brake same case we
don't need that it's all jokes we put
the brakes on although in life we're
never stopping but you look yeah you
gonna put your pedal to the metal so
this is it we got the camera set up here
I don't know why I'm doing this
oh wait yes you do cuz that's not this
is the first time I've driven E like
anyway yeah after four years of known
each other for years of friendship we're
breaking this
are you a good driver bro you don't lie
to me not actually get a lot of
compliments how good of a driver these
people like dumbasses like this oh stop
no stop pause that's called road rage I
get I get easily get road rage no I'm
like so scared to hit the gas pedal I'm
scared that you're driving we haven't
even left the valet and you're already
cussing at people I should probably put
my yeah so Brendan you being a tall guy
it all has to be Grayson behind a door
Frank so much leg room Oh amazing oh
we're very complimentary damn
that's dope Oh in science they call that
a symbiotic relationship
oh yo we're going on the street Evan we
are on the street this is so good car on
the street guys this is absolutely
incredible there's cars there's buses
well I'm gonna be honest with you I'm a
little scared so I'm putting my seatbelt
on block this is this is my vlog channel
like everything we do we have to do it
like to the max can you hit like a
hundred on the highway bro
easily figure right thing right did yo
easy get some like you get angry quick
why do you think so drive it probably
think a kid is driving this the angry
are you okay we are approaching the
highway bro honestly I think you just go
run away dude
just go around the club oh oh oh yo he's
doing like double lanes it broke this is
day it's rush hour you got to do it now
bro this job got me thinking like if I
have to a do it with like bro he's a
puppy I've seen him where'd the merge OC
in his video my boys looking good in
that maverick merch yellow slash out I'm
like still shaky I've never driven in LA
before I know it's it's not so I think
the only thing to do at this point is to
go a launch exclusive merge cannon
t-shirt gun maverick I'm the problem for
some little gangsters Brendon we're
looking for low gangster
Hollywood movie I'm telling you right
now like I see that okay you're so you
got the shirt yeah that's a special one
okay gang that is the vlog somehow my
brother showed up to my house moving in
no he's not if you were not part of the
family make sure to subscribe join the
low gang jungus channel family for that
in the description Paul calm /op I love
y'all you want to do myself maybe you
haven't done what do you love you all
that others see you tomorrow take it
easy fab Oh
