oh yeah this is the first tattoo I've
ever given in my life McMahon is a
savage tattoo first Sui and we write log
eggs so here we go good morning look at
what boxes
thank you marry my buddy no yeah yeah
today's yet another epic that way it
will hold up for the race I can bring a
hook hold on bro calm calm before I
almost forgot my buddy who are you ah
he's still here in the morning
Oh what were you sitting on is that oh I
feel like I hit more than just the play
I was like this is more than just a
plate burger well you know what that's
that's some real mavar stuff I'm repping
the other white v-neck today
nice merging the game logo boom Oh guys
know I hate cleaning up and I currently
don't have an assistant so I have to do
that uh okay here's what's going down
today today is July 27 I just made no
progress it's my mother's birthday
that's right my mom is turning I think
25 I think you know being the favorite
son I'm gonna give her a little ring hi
mom happy birthday how old you know what
26 27 I remember when you were 5 years
old you had me what did Jake gives you
for your birthday
why don't you pick up two pieces of
jewelry from from that website and I'll
get it for you so mom I think about can
you like maybe a sports car or something
like I forgive you my youtube channel
gentle really I just actually know that
I don't know anyone I fired because she
saw she had a fire if she says she
wasn't butter
okay so last thing to do on the to-do
list is get mom get number six that's
we're going to do i facetimed my friend
George this Mort only have some like
disgusting merchants I was like bro do
you even know how she didn't even do
hurry why so we can do a little March
delivery for my boy but first we are
going to shoot call out of the can't
cock out of the cannon at him good buddy
what do you what do you wanna do my
vlogging I'm chillin now what are you
doing I'm not doing anything good to see
you no what are you doing really that
would do that I wish waiting around here
cuz I guarantee really sing when you
stop being near you I know just like
alright as good news about the real much
replay I brought you mercs this is a
March delivery official for George I get
to keep the bag absolutely not oh you
know why I was about to happen for this
want to do great great ups and this this
will work good on you you know a hold on
hold that up what's up but we got 800
this is different brand no way you're in
the real savage man he has another shirt
that said Savage and he said no but I
was
I throw my oh good fun low gay that's
what that was okay so back to the mom
game we are on our way to Beverly Hills
right now one to pick up my roommate as
you guys always had a nasty ear
infection and he's there so we're just
going to swoop him such a good friend
and then to Beverly Hills like the
riches spot in Los Angeles I'm sure
there's something I can buy there that
will make my mom love me more than she
does my brother's into this work I got
bread and it's avid tall guy in the back
all right Brandon bro hey you get to be
tall every day everything let me whip it
let him live Brendon okay I am up okay I
am uh I am not good at this this is
Rodeo Drive this is like be spot for a
rich white mom which is kind of like my
mom sorta so let's just do this yo I
haven't even been shopping that long I
think I got mom I'm gonna buy you a
yellow rolls-royce oh man it's the
beauty on top of that I'm gonna get you
a yellow parking meter as well but only
because I love you I'm just kidding I
can't afford that I'm a youtube but I do
have something else ow my man's in hell
okay my mom would dig a Rolex you're
doing on the Brandon Road is the most
expensive watch that you have I'm sorry
did you say $160,000
I'm gonna leave I don't think I belong
here oh oh oh I have an idea for a gift
since I can't afford to roll it for my
mother yet look we have we have quite
the audience following us okay yeah III
know this video because if I get a video
of them saying happy birthday mom is
that that's like kind of like another
watch right okay cool let's do that hey
mom it's me your favorite son Logan the
Logan has something to say to you okay
okay that's like a yellow rolls-royce
pretty much exactly the same
oh god Logan you got the dough I am
however well aware that that's probably
not like a good birthday gift so pink
dye of the future that tells the future
well I give my mom a good gift oh I have
an idea here's the key kids if you want
to always be right you got to be smarter
than the dice okay fashion this should
work along okay so this is good-looking
okay so now we're gonna go ahead and
roll the dice will I find my mom a
birthday gift I hope it's right this
time
ha I swear to god bro they're breaking
into more and more pieces there's the
thing when I get stressed out everyone
does different things I tend to just I
eat cereal
I just eat in general Captain Crunch
peanut butter it's all brand new you can
thank me later Captain Crunch you can
send me a wire the money to Logan at paw
Paw's but yeah bring this up because
speaking of cereal
Oh what's up have you done
come on bro you telling me you never
want to be in like milk and fruit loops
wrote you made a fruity loops that's
also not a brand deal you can thank me
later send a check to Logan at paws law
apparently today's a brand and for
cereal that's just great you George
can you explain with what listen bro oh
I'm psyched excellent so I woke up this
morning and I save I had a dream that I
did this and so I was like y'all I'm
just gonna quickly just make a real
really that's what y'all well similar to
this morning I got a delivery for you
yo who else had a dream Martin Luther
King oh hi mark I've never done this
oh that hurt I'm a boy like it you've
got it get your mother-fucking the coal
roads meet you boy do the runners in
tattoo us like stop you physically you
want me to yeah I've never given a
tattoo in my life won't be the first one
my son Chris on the tongue I'm at
maverick I don't I don't have like
tattoo stuff or yeah my name is Logan
Paul I'm a vlogger and I want to tattoo
two of my friends but like I want to do
it I was wondering if we could use your
equipment to do it and if you did that
like a normal person tosses they just
invited you to the bit don't hang out me
I'm like nah bro just another one we
brought you a plate so this might be one
of the most maverick things I've done in
my life obviously I mean these guys are
matter suit we gotta hook them up
somewhere oh yeah cuz he's a maverick
here you were this one bro you can cries
you wanna it would be good for the vlog
interviews and here bro you take just a
classic maverick clean logo just take it
broke attaches on your body by me huh
what'd you say okay I can tell we're at
the tattoo played via deductive
reasoning that's right that says tattoo
so let's go get hepatitis B let's go so
yo look these guys came up to me the
street and they said can you give me a
tattoo what America I am I said yes
I've never given it that dude I know
people postures fucking fucks but your
way all of you have any tensions mom
first a - so don't let alone is that
what are you getting when you wanna win
reloading all right there holy you want
me put on your ass bro yeah let's do it
you got a dad one with a rope or
something calm dude can you go shave
your what I'm going to do it I was going
to do it but the house like absolutely
not literally it like they say people
start at Ground Zero I'm starting at
ground like negative 10 agenda if you're
essentially first yeah we're doing
please give me that right cheek brown
I don't know this is a lot on YouTube yo
okay load this climber photo parents you
may walk by your son or daughter screen
in the next like five ten minutes or so
I'm sorry
welcome to the low gang make sure you
subscribe to a we got the alcohol I
don't know about this bro just thing
this is some next-level where you dude I
want to see how big it is going to be
the phone don't might be always just
amazing point you're in too deep here we
go it's actually kind of dope don't even
look at it but big oh it's doe s two big
movies okay yeah go a little bit smaller
rotate this web off smack do this but we
could have been cruising right now okay
thank you
let's do it
I owe ya this is the first tattoo I've
ever given in my life like man is a
savage tattoo first Sui and we write log
egg so here we go
did you feel anything wrong no RFI
pierce the skin now my eyes oh boy oh
boy oh wow you don't need a little bit
think I think we got an end bro cuz I'm
only to cheerlead you look good bro I'm
gonna get this man to turn right so I
got something to tell you dude we on the
last letter bro through the level I get
a look at whatever here we go yo yo I go
ahead I get my first tattoo dude this is
actually fire bro
it's meant to grow oh boy bro fire do
that oh my god bro how do you know what
to say right now do you got you have my
name with the G tattooed on your butt
damn my boy isn't a Logan just tattoo
business
Wow you're on the bucket list thing
thanks dad yo are all 320 gloves I've
created ditch this might be my favorite
this is amazing we're ready to judge you
on a man that we all you guys think I
should get a tattoo I've been thinking
about it like some maverick logo maybe
like I don't know maybe like on sigh
alright alright you say the spot can I
just get one last little daddy that's my
boy I'm just gonna say it to crazy
mother face right here that was nuts
that is the Volvo if you're not a part
of the locating what a for New Zealand
bro hit the button bro let us cry
because because this is this is loco
Bryan's like legit like no gangs for
life these guys aren't it plugged bro
plug plug go you sure you follow my boil
on YouTube
Halle Berry or life of HP check it out
that's all right also get your maverick
merch ago I've been rocking the the
white v-neck all day clean bro link in
description or logo Poldark on slash
shot I love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow take it easy Sam
ah shit normally that bad
you got us shot back
