I changed my mind
oh yeah good morning okay what about
today it's gonna be yet another amazing
day Burfoot we're gonna follow me
Tommy is up look look bro matter got
backwards I'm just going out here go
look look to the plate good morning
little guy what's up it again no it kind
of said Rosie's Maverick backpacks are
currently sold out it's my favorite
piece well gang you killed it but I will
say we do have a little surprise coming
in the next like week or so having to do
a new backpack and the Yeti my baby but
have no fear we got plenty of options on
the site hottest marching the game brand
love about our town flash shop a new
report okay first item on the agenda we
are actually going to eat photo shoot
right now I know we do a lot of them but
this one I'm supposed to be like an
adult or something look I don't know
lots apparently they're gonna put me
like super sexy clothes maybe we could
also ha my driver and I with no hand
Brendan I appreciate you in your
friendship
well well well if it isn't managers yes
late
I'm late as usual oh look they got a dog
hi I have a dog he looks like you they
named cause it was like Tom right but
that one does just call girl this is a
call I'm color blind it's sometimes hard
to sell inside the crippled with the
squad everyone is on their a-game you're
my man Johnny are you in the loca okay
and he say you made me a gift I don't
know what to expect how much it yeah I'm
just mad bro so right now I'm do my
favorite part of Hollywood ble the
grooming process just kidding hated so
much but my man's dope here easier
Meghan was pretty austere bro good luck
you don't need it but I'm sitting here
I'll singing Jeff Josh yeah can you
bring me the Mavericks picture cup it
still it's the move by the way we can
make this better right oh yeah choice go
Tom your boys ready time to get sexy
golden cups of maverick logo it's time
to win baby
running if you just want to go ahead and
shoot me I might stick my chin out and
then also I want to ask Brian are you a
vlogging oh yeah that's what I do this
is my man right watch ready ready
oh that timing is impeccable oh my god I
have a horse like you his name is Karim
a0 that's my vlog camera do you want to
blown there was some sort of low gain
horse hey y'all good morning okay what's
poppin who did you see the horse instead
of with us you go ahead so I'm about to
ride a horse apparently but no one told
me I was supposed to bring my roommate
husband to the horse brother what is
your name donkey in the morning are you
making waffles that is a Shrek reference
if you don't get it roll the clip in the
morning I'm making one okay no more
horsing around look at me Mom
I'm not a hard it up you get you over to
the NASCAR I've wrestled the bear I've
walked across the canyon on a high wire
I'm not very good at this ha ha ha
horse go jump
I gotta give me a broken heart I got
something to your horse here we go yours
is the you good both serve it you could
take it hey there you go alright take it
you let me know when you find it up oh
oh oh we got here horse
no I'm horse make sense woman Jenna okay
now I'm done horsing around going on my
man you're dead the beach photographer
so I got you submerged
I haven't given to you that's my boy let
me pull that guy / oh yeah oh it's too
spicy given what's like you know what
stranded ready to do it favor but just
to stand next to John oh oh if you guys
have a boy make sure to get this shirt
with your boy it looks ten times cooler
I bro good stuff today I'll see you
later
no gang philosophy never I've waited
years for this I feel like ten days but
you look at its first class load you see
that the first class word animal that
looks exactly like my dog call who by
the way is really why are you gone what
we get hey Kong is you in stuffed animal
form so now Kong officially has a twin
there was a vlog where I brought here
while I brought Kong up to the merge
Gatling gun just to scare a low Jim
hundred whoa no well no absolutely not I
made a joke I was gonna shoot him out I
would never ever do that but look he
like kind of fit these are really tiny
but the merch cannons bro obviously we
got the cannons because we've got the
hottest march in the game if you like
close your eyes and turn upside down
Kong might be able to fit in this okay
oh okay well we'll see you later okay no
that's actually good I thank you follow
me haha but we just like compress stuff
animal Kong oh it looks like little
Colin hi nice to hear the merge cannon
okay now granted please if you have a
merge candidate for
don't have a merge Canon second off do
not listen okay are you listening are
you zooming Brendon right okay zooming
do not launch your animals out of the
merge can this is a stuffed animal not
real calm okay like chill this lends
itself to the pranks brittle I'm talking
pranks hombre when we give it up and be
like you actually let's just do it
oh no gays is just wrong roll easy I
know I called you you see that he's
crazy animal I have big news oh my god
another date it's not another day it's
not another day no but we should get
Evan another day okay anyways listen
TOCOM he fits in the merch can't know
where he fits which I you have to stop
me but he said but you're 7 launching
dude oh oh oh oh you do wrong in
Midlands I called is there any chance
that people will believe this the idea
to Ayla no idea that's what your mom oh
we just try it on people and then like
later in the day we're going to leave ok
low gang first victim is my friend mark
currently walking Kong he's been a
little unresponsive Lily come on come
one more time just kidding cogs in the
maverick v-neck mattered much I mean
this over perfectly bro it's one minute
bolt with legged oh no I discovered that
calm fits in the merge cannon know if
you move his legs back like this we're
always like he'll about it I thought
it'd be funny we like to shoot about it
no you catchin
would be chill so that thing like is a
gun you can't actually be considering it
I mean this thing like has pressure like
the pr i--'s would like shoot his balls
off or something yeah i know well yeah
co-founders no I'm not gonna do it I'm
not going to I just
like hypothetically that be lit in a
good half what do you look to the left
and all I see is this little thing
buzzing like oh my god the key I think
the keys till I see its face right and
you think it's in two and then before
they have a chance to register it's an
animal just shoot it up yeah I literally
saw that whole of my husband as my feel
my friends are like super gullible I
want to see if we can get to Logan I
know they're there they're always there
Oh watching Paul Merton oh you're up
what country okay yeah I'm Austrian and
now there's no car right yeah right
listen Italy I found out that calling
actually fits in the merch can into
nothing about like shooting them out of
it for a vlog go do it
let me go
actually kind of work digitally risk
yeah I colors yeah let's take some sexy
use pictures of 2017 and then you know
if you want to tag me on instagram at
Logan pause alright okay sometimes it's
NASA's dark outside we are locating
selected so me you guys are dropping off
stuff for me no okay
you know we - oh you all have given me
plates now like before is like fan mail
which I love coming straight out of
plates like honestly I love this the
most cuz I actually can use these I'll
have to go out and get plates amazing
the plates guys so send those goddamn
please talk about Ayla Ayla my ex
assistant that I definitely fired I told
her cuz she loves called especially
could babysit Kong for the night so
she's on her way over here she can be
here in a sec at which point we'll do
Thea the more spray know you are and you
think that I'm going to come in here
nothing's gonna happen our struggles or
this oh my god this one was everywhere
this time yeah yeah that was good yeah
you're over babys a call yet yeah right
he's over there oh I'm wearing Sun ma7
sister now I do have to do this myself
you have fun over there and look at what
your dad do you clean all of these oh oh
you know we discovered tonight he'll
calm keep this perfectly in the merch
standing like you can shoot him out of
it I'm not saying I'm going to because I
put his back like the right stuff my
stuff go up to his neck are you kidding
I didn't put him passive net I thought
about shooting it for the vlog but I
wasn't gonna that is an absolute no the
things you come up with sometimes like I
don't know sitting is fussing that's
going on you took me you please just
help me I love watching you
see work what's gonna work yeah there we
go
you think that well I just like I'm just
gonna get the final little bit here last
time I'm ever end shipping just like as
a friend I would think I would shoot my
dog out of the Mercatus review I know I
know we scouted okay give me all know
she's so cuddly okay hey we got some
fast reactions you done she died dodge
them dude I don't like that oh wow what
did she grab a real Kong on accident he
does it through a low the gamma tidal
got myself a great fighter you scare me
i shun off if you could I get out of my
house ya know what oh god man she's had
such Disney humor hilarious
bad guys
Oh what we can cross out number four
unless did you list you calm are you
kidding no no no read the fine print out
of the cannon okay look gang and that is
the law do another part of the family
make sure to subscribe hit the button
bro doing the low game also I said a
thousand times today get your mask and
looking merchant link for that in the
description it's hot as fire it's soft a
movement man a group of us the low gang
the Mavericks are here to change the
world put a dent in that bait by being
different being unique being a maverick
I love y'all and I will see you tomorrow
take it easy fans I'll present do it
are you kidding I could no look at take
off your pants and jacket okay go ahead
and I'll put that in the end of the book
