Hey good morning little Deadwood bump
haven't where we going now bro well
going to the doctor yeah
guys as you know evan has like a really
bad ear infection I can't eat shit it's
horrible action we're hoping that doctor
is going to pool a giant like earwax
ball out of his ear and I'm vlogging how
you doing back there we go as usual guys
it is a good day if you're watching this
video and you're not a part of the Logan
you are not subscribed what are you
doing man butters will join the family
we are quite popular right now thanks
man
I knew ep just dropped a nice fire yo
just joshing guys I didn't jump an EP
yet but I will see and then it's gonna
be fire buck goodbye baby I'll be back I
mean I don't die in the next 10 to 20
min understand it's possibly doesn't
some shit this is funny cuz Evans like
the adult in this situation they're
watching you Vita dollars this is the
greatest day of my life I'm all adult in
you honor you're not bro I brush my
teeth in the morning and I got a better
beard than you oh so true this is
flawless let's just still got this like
child acne going on bro okay guys the
moral of the story is everyone has flaws
including myself you know it happens
example Evan cannot go outside without
being flock by girl
Brendon hands so big he can't find a
pair of gloves that fit so get new acne
that's gonna lose me subscribers
hello I'm just blogging my life away bro
oh sorry saying the other day oh sorry I
didn't mean to scare anybody keeping
your receiver ponies that kind of
woman's at that time when vlogging it
what can he kick down time and try to
get your favorite guys you know this I'm
a mattress I'm loud I got of law so
while we're sitting here waiting for
doctor come in it just hit me again dude
like I need a new assistant here is what
something is in my loud again hey guys
spoken here seventh trying to take this
appointment seriously and here's me
trying to mess that up
oh man so goofy okay anyways then they
start doing more doctor stuff we started
looking at Evan here I started getting
worried about my boy I didn't look at
evidence he's in pain man looks like
he's a kid who just lost a plan with
dirt look at this place I love that man
is not blabbering I couldn't help see
our K like that man her we were a pain
it was just stuck he's like the son I
never had
or do having I just don't know who
exists yes okay that's never good boy
okay back mom man's is in some pain but
don't worry buddy I got you a lollipop
that was awkward
you didn't look up when I said look it
are you the paparazzi you're tizzy yeah
oh my gosh TMZ teens why you doing this
to me guide you're making me talk crap
about my brother I know he's I didn't
want to do it Jake I mean look they just
I didn't plan for this son of a bitch
know why did I prepare for that is that
vengeance yeah you're very talk shit I
didn't know okay good I'm fine okay good
good good how I have what older brother
shed say okay good these my boys are
here to come abet okay next thing on the
agenda Marcus Agrippa okay as you guys
know I need to do it this has an old one
ah the kids can use I know I'm
obliterate about to say all of this okay
I had one her name was Ayla and I had to
fire her because she suck at her job
jay-z did no he did I did
no I left then why you still here I
fired you because I just hang out like a
yellow cool oh boy do you like me here
don't even act like you don't like me
here doula gaily well if you guys look
at number three on the to do this to do
list number three replace a low got
replaced you're not finding new
assistant I got you so much coming up
when I break no no no my boy honey is
back you first time with what are you
doing rehire my we'll find our place
it'll be better they'll be better you'll
be butter
why did you will be part of him no she's
hit me with my orzo together oh no
sister will be buttered toast on you a
loss I knew it's just it is butter
hahaha butter butter that's yogurt Greek
yogurt and it's probably old stuff do I
love finding an assistant I don't need
any luck I need butter so good kisser
much I love all of my brushes bottom
really no swinging descriptions oh
definitely simple I needed to sit Oh
oh Jesus mother of God how did that
happen bro that's goodness out of me
what the old frozen rose around I cannot
be an adult I guess we got to get on
this right now there is a girl from the
vlog the other day flashback oh she
looks like a low like almost identical
the other day thinking proactively being
the adult I'm trying to become nuts off
oh blog oh it was a new assistant yeah
new assistant yeah fast pit bull so guys
this is Judy all right well you have
accent where you from I'm staying for my
self restraint Spanish kick guys
although good sigh sidebar said no
problem she's great I think I'm in love
with her right but her name is Judy
she's from Spain so we give her like a
Spanish a lemming let's call a cola
like a light Spanish oh my
so Judy we're gonna call you owl up
we're gonna call you owl up baby kitty
my name is Logan nice to meet you what'd
you say I saw I can't understand I think
she's saying asshole I'm not sure yet
athol who's this who's awesome you are
an asshole
oh I'll get you one thing okay go ahead
and start with the assistant job I have
this I heard it's called a vacuum so
we'll start there we'll start there with
the assistant job Wow
you broke the plane did you clean what
yeah you have to go out a little bit I
know I want to do that no okay holla
Oh as an assistant like this is the
stuff that you do you know I need you to
be better than Ayla I'm better
your butter than Halen I told you Ayla I
told you my new assistant will be wider
than you I told you okay why because he
always what oh whoa whoa hold up hold up
as my assistant can you get this for me
yo friends I feel like let's see what
happened Dinks while we're walking to
Evan I'm taking the time to bring all
this hair look at me I'm a gentleman mom
have a look at I is the new assistant at
meet you - what's your name
City North our like Kayla no no no Allah
it's the Spanish version of a like the
better version cheese butter right there
we did it happen after we didn't - I'll
see you later will oh hey back off all
right all right I had another mesecher
down stop I'm part of the get just
scaring her away oh this is a perfect
opportunity but this is Kong he's my dog
and he's a savage she does have a hard
road is true I don't know but she is
being a particular scene ah
I think she's doing all the whole of not
being top dog the best assistant in the
game you're a piece of hockey man you're
a maverick now oh yeah little finger
outlet down
ah what a dolt what are you saying
I saw I saw fossils like fossil fuels
fossil away from ancient times your
idiot so look at me like that why I'm
falling in love yo yo yo yo imperfect
Idaho ha ha ha married
that's why my dear I'm gonna marry her
and I'm gonna get all of you Oh is
maverick approves all right look at the
UH new assistant
I know yeah it's really pretty oh whoa
whoa easy easy no no no never stop she's
a lady you must be respectful no no
don't let that oh ah no oh fuck so I
have a quick tie box ever come gonna be
honest with you bro sure
no she's butter he's just straight-up
blood by the way I'm not latina what I'm
not Matty you heard that whole
conversation yeah what is wrong with you
as far as like like I could give your
list I'm arrogant my ego is way too big
I got the strongest and fastest growing
channel on YouTube which supports the
ego thing I'm flat-footed I'm colorblind
I have a titanium plate in my head from
an injury when I was younger my brother
just split up from Disney Channel like I
can see you keep going like wait hey
blogging so just give me one sec say
very mucho gracias
oh don't stop Sophia hola are you good
welcome to the survey American Auto
what's up that estas bien Iran what is
this it should just give me a Spanish
you good bro service I think she did
real quick sidebar oh I can tell you one
day you see Spanish no no because I
don't speak Spanish
there we go I am here
oh no I always bake America and the
little fancy oh hi Mars oh ha ha
I did not hit her nah nah it was more
grow with the new assistant Oh your
place Ayla
yes is that the Latina spicier sac your
version of Ayla what yo you should call
her my boy Leila ah I like that we were
calling her Barcelona miss you got the
cannon
oh I took Marcus Tiber a little sidebar
just to get its first impressions what
do you think I like her she's got a
little more height on l a-- which is
good thing yet shorts got tattoos a
little bit edgy a little bit dead she's
butter than taylor dude like you
shouldn't you should test her assisting
ability so you know firsthand yeah like
go do something in adversity of you oh
my need some assistance over here oil
also one seems to have misplaced it or
it shouldn't be here should be like in
this area okay here's the real test or
ela you're doing okay so far like your
are you've got to be able to do tasks
like I got I gotta be able to send you
places and then you go get stuff done
you know I got a hot date tonight so if
you go go pick up some flowers and some
butter because you butters in a low
right am i right everybody probably not
so okay you go get those two things
that's the move okay
ha ha ha
2 l's later hello
what am i laughs I tell my body yeah
we're falling spider and you're oh no no
no I said flowers you think followers
right oh oh wow okay my part are you
guys no lo Gary yeah great great are you
in the low game I'm in the low key does
here's my demo okay we're going to Creek
sniper I can't I can't - she can barely
understanding like a girl's not going
lab fire bottom area I can't marry her
bro she really be my assistant I'm a cha
ok but my flower
I'm not going to assistant she's also
better than you I'm sorry no he's not
now yeah I know
Ayla I just want to say like you were so
good but Euler here is killing it only
one that's her name
she'll see you later is you know I yeah
yeah see you later
I'm not your sweater okay okay why they
both know what I think you're out of
assistance hi Lou
okay well gang yet another weird well
still no assistant do not forget to get
your maverick and low gang merch link
for that is in the description or look
emoticon slash hot soft swaggy sweaty is
really nice right after I like unless
you sweat in it which you can Duke if
you go to the gym alright anyway
subscribe if you're not a part of the
family yet join the low game guys it's
no joke man this shirt says that low
going for live semen and you guys come
into my house you know we break plates
together and I think there's only one
thing left to do to do list number three
replace here we go
boiler look I got enough for you guys be
different be unique and be a maverick I
love y'all and I'll see you tomorrow
take it easy fans of
I will thanks for coming guys
