I want to take this time to talk about
my brother Jake Paul and his recent
split with Disney Channel good morning
okay what's boss okay guys two things I
am currently and one thing I'm not two
things I am hungry and Logan Paul one
thing I'm not Jake Paul speaking of Jake
Paul Oh little brother why is that not
lit up oh yeah maverick till I die I got
a reppin everywhere every day I'm
different I'm unique I'm special society
can't stop me hello Matt this is the
real life matters hi yeah I know the
throne is going to talk about actually
are you pooping no bro talk about Jake
now things have definitely been going
down guys if you guys know my brother
has you please as well he's walked from
one side my brother is on what was on
the Disney Channel I was so proud of him
I I'm still proud of what he and Disney
had decided to part ways order like a
snake when he sheds his skin that's a
terrible comparison the point is he's no
longer on the Disney Channel I have some
things to say about this which we'll get
into in a bit for you good morning other
yeah got there
oh just a plate yeah I guess we're
hungry we're gonna go out eat some food
so we cannot be hug okay yeah we are
here bro it's Sunday we got our
breakfast which is his beauty bro what's
better than a Sunday breakfast and why
honey breakfast or not broken plate oh
he's still right I'm not gonna like it
growing up I always thought I was going
to get married to a human being I might
wish that and get married to Sunday
breakfast definitely problem is you
can't smash your Sunday breakfast could
smash oh wait really you could I would
be right back
hello sorry I smash my food okay well
after today we'll go to the farmers
market at which point we will commence
savagery and then we'll like it
subscribe thank you
killin it doctor listen daddy I like my
Karla up in guys dollars home that good
huh
all right so this was most idea to come
here what do they have here oh I got a
nice single lady collection of hipster
night they got dwarf collection of
dwarves fruit I like close their room
can people would think oh that's crazy
something we're in the right spot look I
definitely think we need more worldly
decorations at our place like they got
this hat is a cool thing they like
dangers children put that down and go to
the next station I think I've never seen
someone build a house like so in the
open and with so many people for like I
respect it Yelp all you need is Jackie O
we fought ever the perfect yeah get up
nah please tell me my man's not two
yolks oh you take only cash damn it I
don't have cash mark on cash damn it
Jordan
I've cashed as you know I bought you
this with my hard-earned money and when
you're wearing I want you to keep the
savage model maximum oh that's not
repeat that we need some kids maverick
merch bro is coming Evan young everyday
it's coming guys everyone just calm down
I'm doing one freaking out yo its Evans
lucky date look at this man wrong like
the savagery doesn't stop are you gonna
get that if you're gonna get it
I think I need my food anymore got some
little gangsters right so what did you
say about the place it's really funny
when you like throws mama floor and
pranks everyone loves a great complaint
dude I love a lie so it's just rest in
peace just in case I might be too young
as if one was like does it look like I'm
about to rip out yeah what do you get
into romance I'm pushing like 70s buys
what you got I'm out here buying furs
and scrap I mean is it fly it's soft man
I broke that in the Yeti yummy if you
are ready bro how much were all pay top
dollar fine can't do it
just kidding I'm with you I just need a
good negotiation tactic how much really
I'll give you 450 I'll be back
I'll give you 350 150 nagging you $600
thank you you're architecting others
think so much yeah I got 300 no I'm
trying to confuse with 150 you guys have
a deal welcome you I cool I don't know
how much yes you won 200 we'll give you
400 no that's all right you want to go
see it okay $650 later we have a fur
coat let me just point out there vintage
which means I should have done um
Brennan what does it mean it means it's
been passed through a bunch of people
like it's not you're not your fur okay
because I'm not a bad person okay good
done some blood that I just said so
regarding my brother Jake's whole Disney
situation like I said I am going to
address it like that's what this vlog is
about we are here at the hardware store
to get some necessary equipment for this
video we're going to start with this
machete here that looks good oh we
realize we're getting a lot of stuff
dude you need a cart I should do so the
pallet of stuff that we have is rising
what he's doing are you are you the mic
guy and the boom guy okay you're
probably a little too short because in
the frame right now currently Wow
okay that's honestly doesn't hurt that
bad is getting clean okay so we got
vases we got our cans here we got
buckets just because I don't really have
a reason the world's our oyster dude
like we just see stuff to destroy okay
this is a section I vibe with we got
some sort of clippers here's how we wax
we got a chain again man the world is
our oyster like we can do whatever what
are you doing Evan I want me to blue
that you're too short to be them my guy
look it's in the frame Evan no you put
it back I will prove you wrong Logan
mark my word mark oh hi mark
come right here what do you think of my
stop dude I'm just glad I don't live
with you anymore
yo it's gonna get nasty later like why
who in their right mind but surprises
inside the cones like how do you even
destroy those again so surprised you
know two hours later
yo these bars are fire bro man you look
so good
I look so good someone stops manager I
never get what are you doing just change
something ah
to be honest I don't even know how that
got here and what are you doing with
that this is a this is for vlogging
yo what's up okay good morning like and
subscribe
Logan Paul calm /op always plus stay
savage be a maverick
low gang for life we'll see you tomorrow
take these families don't break things
bro outside are you oh are you good
survey Brendan waiting I think you
deserve it everything here you go Joe if
you look closely see you good bro survey
because are you good back so we'll check
back in with Jeff later total day is
revolving around my brothers Disney
think that's why I got this puppy right
here we go before we do that did you see
across the way what's going down bro
yeah the party of the partying bro they
always party every like Saturday and
Sunday and I've had it well what did you
do bro yes but don't break anything
inside your apartment good job
I'm good bro I'm gonna handle this like
an adult party robber wrap it up and go
home it's actually time a week party
yeah bro there's no one even over there
dude that's alright Jason Oien party way
you can continue like a subscribe this
is going to get serious George to host
plaudits you're in and take a look at a
little 360 pan around the room everybody
was fine
that's my thing so easy as well as you
know you shit Emily feel exactly like
all right now oh yeah
rolling goal as you can see we have our
our station
and I want to just take a second to talk
about my brother I like to talk about my
album oh yeah I know you're definitely
enjoy sorry so happen okay what up
YouTube I'm just out here for sure I
want to take this time to talk about my
brother Jake Paul and his recent split
with Disney Channel 20 year old stars my
brother if you guys did not know played
a character called dirt on the Disney
Channel show bizz aardvark good show
good show he did he went like this here
we go here we go I was actually on
episode 8 as Kirk I played his older
brother who ordered the turkey burger
with the side of Kirk fries and a Kirk
shit yes whatever Disney star chilling
in a Fox catalyst loved it anyways yeah
recently my brothers Brandon Disney's
brand no longer started lining up it's
that guy it's a breakup it's a divorce
my parents got divorced when I was
younger and completely forgot about my
feelings in my future and I'm more sad
about this oh I'm gonna be there okay
listen appointed i ave a mistake no as
my brother says in his song every day
bro with the Disney Channel place not
every day bro with the Disney Channel
Phil now it's just every day bro this is
where the situation gets sticky for me
as a youtuber called beauty pot and he
made a roast on my brother he bitches
about his girlfriend for for a couple
lines and they oh by the way got new
merch it's selling like a god Church and
then I got in the fight right and struck
up for my brother look bro
I just don't mess with my brother
there's only one person who can mess and
make fun of my brother and that's me and
then my gear here's where I'm really top
a major song called the rise of the
pulse IIe goal was so big look it still
is but this current moment on because
here's why PewDiePie
lost his Disney contract and in the song
that I made about beauty parlours but
yeah my brother messed up but he still
got this Disney contract woman you still
got this is the contract
okay come on he's still got his Miss B
contract ahead there's no time for
thumping death where's my yoga
my brother didn't conjure any more
beautiful after school they come back
what's up guys it looks like yeah you
need to do that yeah yeah what are you
doing jump your hands you just not
dissing shutting dude it's not a control
yeah that's pretty much my wall jam you
know I brought your still do so before
let you finish it if you're not
subscribed hit that button low gainfully
oh my heart you're bleeding oh look the
blood is real heaven help me bro Oh yo
yo dude I'm a lover but I think my Joe
still Harvard 100% of the time can you
come over
no I feel stupid I guess it might be now
because my brother left didn't come in
okay I was just walking a regular part
he was just think I should look exactly
like halo look look at it no she is
she's a new assistant geez don't get
asked that no she's not is a what this
day isn't about you I just need my job
here listen here I just want to show you
something over here you broke the blade
or - yeah I did not see that coming can
you clean this up no no John you're back
on the job I did your hire she's the
better version of you Oh
oh great but I'm sorry you're gonna like
just know I got oh she's not my you
equipment okay I'm going to go okay well
you're good here I think
okay we love you Ayla thanks for
bringing my dog back today and I'll lose
an MP yeah okay what a dope Sunday with
that guys that is the blog don't have
much to say besides the fact that if
you're not in the Logan make sure you
subscribe to in the family a beaut map
we are out here every day changing the
world pushing ourselves defying society
and get your maverick marks right here
how to merge in the game link is in the
description or logo Paul back on /mo
gang I love y'all and I will see you
tomorrow take it easy Sam woo how's that
sounds pretty good advice that's my boy
he's the mic on let's go okay bye
are you gonna help what do you do
exactly what I'm doing
