what's wrong what he wants to overhear
did someone die your anything nice going
sailing Oh where's Tom where's Tom
Ellen oh good morning ok what's up Joe
it is weird I woke up and I'm home alone
this doesn't happen
al is not here Brenda's not here Evans
not here but I do got my boy hi hi
pillow game there right there if you
want to say what's up now's the time
yellow gang I think again we are one of
the fastest growing channels it's not D
fastest growing channel on YouTube where
you going Brad it's cutting the savage
it's because we don't give up we work
hard we never stop we run ok as a matter
spirit that's what this symbol means it
represents be a freakin bastard yeah I
know a Liz not everybody want to like
break a blade or something and then they
had that very stupid right let's break a
place get it up and get the woods there
we go break it break that bike Oh TJ's
mother of god these are some high
quality place yeah we brought a bunch of
plates yesterday good for braking and
whatnot oh we gotta let it the Maverick
we got here hold it and on the seventh
day God said Peter Mary I don't think
that's accurate as usual guys we have a
fun day planned for us and today's
Saturday bro which means Saturdays are
for the boys the boys yeah one slap
reasonable baba ba-ba-ba-ba
oh are you Glaber Oh mom mom is that you
okay boys time to get chan lotion up
Boyd there we go
that's that's I know them I know I know
them well that's efficient twelve
seconds later I am sitting here and I
see this girl walk by over there with
call hey Louis wasn't have car gave him
to her so she could take him to the park
tell me what the situation is I got out
of the elevator and I see this little
dog he's right there by the way guys we
have them in our possession
it looks good next to those oil dabs of
yours you're on it caller you okay but
I'm sorry it was such a bad step mark
after what happened I got on the
elevator and I saw steel dog thank you
Tom
he runs into the elevator so I think a
lot where is the elevator you can come
to seven I think I'm up and I walk out
and I don't
around sun-like oh hello what are you
doing cuz guys i facetimed her and she
didn't answer so then I chased her
inside I'm like yo wait was he doing my
dog and she's like it's running around
so hey thank you guys thank you be a
look currently has no idea where Kong is
I'm gonna call her and harass her a
little bit for almost losing my dog hey
hello what are you doing wrong haven't
we could know cuz he's mine you but you
might not lose and I respect that okay
what do you have to say for yourself
thank you she's freaking out hundred
percent she's not answering oh this is
going to be so much fun dude literally
if I didn't see this girl walk by with
Kong I would not have a dog right now
yo Ayla Ayla Ayla what are you doing yo
don't seriously him seriously you know
Ayla a Latin no took him I heard he was
wandering because you let him go bad
amigos yo Ayla you lost my dog you
literally lost my dog and then you come
storming in here like it's our fault are
you good though yo someone get this girl
to serve it how did you know that we
have yeah how did you know control this
red hair so even if your dog goes I
guess like on your and Oliver be an
experienced Terry what's going through
your mind right now my heart is beating
so bad you you lost my dog I didn't you
random yell over here you lost it no we
ran yo man has been a wholly on dog can
use elevators I can't Devon just too
high interesting start to the day
goodbye blood once left freeze nipple
you know your problem is bro you don't
have one nipple otherwise life would be
so much easier for you
I can't chase anyone in my Gucci
slippers but at least they look good
doing it well you look so good
i'ma clap you in your face hey boy
oh man you okay I'm all right back at
the crib oh good touch the boy look at
you now let's notice your boys gonna be
getting into music soon I figure why not
exercise that singing muscle that as you
can see it needs work but I actually
have a vocal lesson right now I just
wanted to come home so we could do one
quick thing really quick boy oh I missed
that purpose everyone just calm down
kitchen merchants local pawn shop okay
oh hello honey I've missed you Yeti's
guys how you doing me freakin love this
vehicle actually still thinking about
ways that I can customize it I got some
tricks up my sleeve but if you guys have
any ideas make sure to comment down
below I'm all yours bro this is a
collaborative family of community of
collaborative miss what so I'm here at
my vocal lesson my guy Eric is in a
session right now look at this dog he
has if this isn't the most majestic dog
I've ever seen yo the coolest thing
about him - is that Eric didn't lose him
like a lidded my dog oh I'm so funny
hi puppy you're like a giant q-tip huh
okay didn't like that joke see you later
do you have any interest in hearing my
jokes why did the chicken cross the road
oh my kidding is not going to answer no
time I'm with my man Eric Young Eric I'm
not a singer but can you help me sing
I'm good at I'm history
hey guys it's me Logan Paul here's a
time-lapse of Eric having me sing and
yeah that's pretty much it okay cut yeah
basically ariana grande mocha cappuccino
latte yeah your boy singers not gonna
like it
I will always preach this message
literally if you put your mind to
something and you really want it and you
really believe it you can do it like
guys trust me I'm not a typical like
singer wasn't born with natural singing
talent I'm just Logan I'm a chop but
mark my words I am going to make a dent
in the music industry okay we're back
could we go something I want to point
out you guys remember my boy zircon he
wrote a song about me okay you are in my
year I met a flew off to LA and we made
a song together about here
Dorgan is my hero he is really nice so
wait a minute song about his life what
song about me is like no and that's
really no he sent me a thank-you gift
email Evan can you help me open it up
yeah we got gift yo yo I just want to
point out my man was nice enough to send
pillows like bro look it like hospital
quality pillows like straight up I feel
like anything on it yeah I'm right off
yo I'm sure Khan I gotta say I'm curious
about the pillow so you understand this
this is where to me I'm not going but
thanks thanks to the hospital pillows
buddy anyways what's in the box oh we
got zircon oh oh a play right
hell yeah Thank You Dirk on a lap hello
sad guys either was my assistant as you
know and she quit yes I actually know I
fired her for sure need to do it this
who is also good on camera
it's tough man Hollywood wealthy job he
gave us like flash cards Evan pick one
was it's a slogan when life's questions
are difficult roll the dice for your
answers oh they got a big pink dice okay
let's ask a question grow hopefully oh
no oh oh baby bro baby
hey will the low gang rule the world and
buy all their merchants Logan Paul calm
/op come on give me something good to
eat
do some good come on Pig guys come on
yeah I would uh suggest always rying it
was Wednesday
oh no Aayla they're coming so uh no
there's no air come on guys
okay look uh yes sir Connie made a book
to fall Eila begin heart lost my skin
dog this morning yeah bro yeah you know
what actually you know what I let her
off look way too easy she's like one day
oh I'm not oh you've insisted anymore
let's lose call Baylor that's cold
I need to get you back haha oh you magic
hey la what are you doing today can you
not can you can you can you not lose
them if you take him to the parsley dog
bro Ayla Ayla Ayla can you come over
later for the vlog I want to do
something
hi I'll see you later I'll see you later
yeah that's it
bye don't you know what I got from that
combo by the way hello Brendan Phillip
Owen you got a new one time yeah yo oh I
just broke she's going to the part well
I get to do that cuz I'm Logan there's a
park right around the corner I think we
post up at the park and steal Kong from
her and then we'll be like will be like
you eh well you was calling again cuz
Brenda you don't know us bro she lost
Hong what today eludes the most famous
dog I don't know I see some girl walking
with Kong like that's definitely not
Ella and that's definitely my dog and al
is like she's like let him walk out the
door dude are you kidding me like
walking on the ninth floor of the other
building so it's gonna be funny right
like she lost Kong twice in one day
good job Ayla this is not your assistant
anymore true we can't but this is losing
dog Rosa laughing pick a shirt and let's
leave I want to look okay so we are
gonna go to the park like I said and try
it
intercept beta like a football hopefully
she there hopefully she didn't lose my
dog we are on the way I think part of
the challenge of this is going to be
hiding the yet is
stands out a lot so we're gonna have to
like park around the corner and then
swoop it but I have a plan I have every
angle covered and locked and loaded
as you can see guys i got GoPros on the
wrist I got the chest mount GoPro
napkins getting by me bro this is why I
don't lose dogs the park and any people
see is like through this window real
friend it back seven here's the plan
I don't really have a plan let's just go
cater wait this is never gonna work
look at the g-wagen it's so we passed it
I mean that's me anyone's one of 300 in
America yeah you're right you're okay
stewey
mark I'm good boy a school
Oh No how did you not see it terrible
sickly she's horrible at this is why she
loses home
she literally designed you see on the
phone hey how are you my buddy my god
okay guys so we got the young doggy I'm
little I'm mr. whisper day I'm gonna
call Ella and see what she has to say
for herself literally I can't imagine
losing this dog twice in one day
Oh oh she's not answering is not gonna
pick up room Ayla oh she didn't pick up
either she's on the phone and she's
still preoccupied or she knows that she
lost him again it doesn't want to deal
with me right now my guess is the latter
so we're gonna go back home and then
call her again in a little bit okay we
got calls to pass some time we're going
to fly this drone there's a party
happening on this hotel over here we're
gonna do a little recon see if it's
popping maybe we go there later I don't
know and you do longer well we got calm
over here hey buddy how you feeling nice
and safe and sound there's my book can
we call Ella on your phone yeah okay
great
see she answers for me
okay listen while we wait for a Lancer
we're going to cut to the party
wow what a fun time with the listen
a NetZero now you and me yo he is I'm
nervous for her hey I feel like I'm
gonna feel so bad I feel like now like I
I don't even know what to do because
she's not answering her novel poison
back in town here we go
hello yeah why okay yeah sure I'll be
here bye bye
the cat is in the bag ever darcy the cat
in the bag yo she's sad bro that's
Dennis T oh like how do you tell someone
that you lost their two million followed
Instagram famous dog don't that's not
like it conversation she had it's not
good for a girl
I agree reflex we were just chilling
right now Ayla is on her way over comb
is in this room come how about you
notice David so Gayle is gonna be
freaking out I'm just gonna milky like a
cow until I feel like you learned your
lesson
look at me I'm with that good man oh the
doors lock eyes nothing hallo hey yeah
are you gonna bail okay
does this work
yeah good friend stuff unfortunately he
can't stop because vlog life we got a
record for which I mean wasn't anything
like really serious tell you something
logging this no I'm gonna think I'm
gonna do it anyways what's wrong
oh my god 8 what's wrong buddy wants
away freaking out did someone die your
are anything nice no offense
Oh where's Tom where's Tom ellen:oh I
don't know why do you have anything I
don't know where'd you in it no Aayla no
stop hey really
I'll I never support and when I want to
return after one cycle is my dog I know
I know I'm so sorry what were you even
doing really sorry like I think you are
already living asleep I don't know like
I really I don't know where he went I
was like he was just playing like really
really gosh like I forever like what are
we to second but you know I want to do
anything to hurt him and like I swear to
go away I believe I believe me just look
your thing I look like I'm upset but I'm
a maverick you're a sidekick
yeah I brought you to a lake there's
this one
empty leaves outside unless you're done
you're just being stuff up you're a bad
amigo bad legal
bad amigos would you like you sergeant
you're not cleaning that up I'll do it
no no we're not no we'll see you later
anyone should I say bailiff violence an
acronym hey love damn yo that was fun to
kind disorder Barbie felt bad partiers
right now anyway if you guys are not
subscribed hit the button right now join
the location Papa bro we're like
literally the best plugin you're so
cacistis Emma also the Teen Choice
Awards for choice male web star is for
some reason still open I am a nominee
the rest of the categories are closed I
don't know why they left it open you
guys know we already destroyed it but if
you want to keep voting from you have
like two weeks ten votes today max dots
are both tweeted at me I'll follow you
back I'll retweet jaw or nodded lastly
guys get your maverick merch Logan Paul
calm slash you different be unique be a
maverick and push yourself work hard to
achieve the goals you want to achieve so
you can get what you've always want I'll
believe in your low game okay I'll see
you tomorrow
take it easy Sam
what makes it shirt and let's go
I am thinking this
