laughter we add value and like we I
purposely been avoiding mentioning this
in the vlog Ella should we tell em I
mean some of you already get so yeah
okay some of you are way off
Ella is my good morning okay was Bob
yeah look I'm a troll yeah that's right
boy how's everyone doing this morning I
hope you got a smile on your face no
I'll be ready for the next 10 to 20
minutes of epicness welcome to look upon
vlogs I'm Logan Paul and this chatter
pop and brow it's lit so if you're not
subscribed make sure to subscribe and I
know you're probably wondering Logan
where are you why are you sure this in a
vehicle oh yeah this is my baby her name
is a Yeti I've slept in here last night
man I feel like you don't sleep in your
car just not connected to this is my
baby she's brand-new oh my gosh I just
love her so much
yeah I'm weird anyways it's time to get
back to real life I said good morning
maverick
oh I slept out loud the energy wagon
here
oh you're right what was it I don't know
I know sorry about that I always let the
merch because I'm a maverick Matt
someone who exhibits great independence
in thought or action when they go right
we don't we don't list it to society we
don't follow the rules okay let's go
break a plate Oh bad bad man watch out
for blood Oh what's a stroke I try to
wake your view plate breaking oh
hey good morning - okay but it's
actually good news that means I can use
this plate to scare a low okay we got
the merch can inhaler should be here
shortly so I'm going to take the toilet
like it's like in a small amount of time
- small amount of hide huh well the head
where you go nobody wanted of it what
I'm gonna kiss your mom in the mouth -
for my mom donkey balls
oh darn one of my face Sal fun boy right
now even is that is it Jake ball yeah
damn well it's got Jay Paul I can't tell
cuz I can't see you so I don't know
whatever now back to business we have a
girl too scared of that I don't make the
rules right look read the to do is look
down here is number five scary look I'm
just an enforcement hey la oh look at
all what Taylor you have nothing to be
afraid of
well this time I'm serious
come on whistles you got cookie on
anyone I don't want you have to then
kind of want any anyone just give me my
dog please what I'm really not I like
can I just come in for like a few
minutes ago any sugar sugar
yeah no sex or scare communist a lie
you're welcome in what I don't have I
heard that gun in there the judge knows
gone
you abused me right don't touch you get
out for sure oh oh
i abused you what okay yeah I not know
yeah that's great don't call me no what
do we get
who that
depending your roommate doesn't look uh
it looks like Cameron Dallas and me
looks like Hammond Dallas to me I don't
know about you I'm Logan always have
been always will be
look low gang everyone has problems in
their life myself included just because
I'm a walker doesn't mean up above I'm
not good at being adult for example my
house a ton of it I need more plate as
oh whoa yeah honestly it's fine because
this merch is the softest merch in the
game that you can find our Logan Paul
dice que ella ella ella pull up you
didn't use this right we need like you
how did you what's the rock doing in my
house whoa easy Dwayne what are you
doing here are you doing this before we
go can I just stop you mr. Drake please
just please just stop I'm gonna be
honest Evan I know it's you under there
bro you're not fooling anyone clam blow
your face only under one condition what
my baby I'm back Ayla Ayla Ayla Ayla
halo you know I slept in this bad boy
last night
have a said I also have a g-way yeah
squad deep in the Yeti with the matching
shade no I don't know what happened dude
you already already know what I met
disabled oh you already but we were
going to two places right now the one is
a surprise especially for Ayla back
there no but it's actually really close
to some guys what's not fair I don't get
the cool stuff yeah well Ayla I would've
gross so that's not fair you oh boy he
hit you with a dwarf joke I mean should
be in a car seat so I don't know oh hold
on all that I've been having ah have a
come on Haley the light is green
everything is your fault this is your
focus are you in purple uh where's this
kid hey let me do you guys oh dear my
team is up there amen
come on buddy get in the car okay
no sorry I'm sorry Yoshi short to solid
ice here buddy
yeah hardy they like to get it up and
out of the car I do actually
okay listen everyone calm down
destination numero uno is the camera
store oh hey I want you to the third
floor yeah we are used to
maybe I'm not lazy I'm Logan I told you
that once a day always have been always
will be
so we came here to get camera stuff
obvious specifically a lens like look
looks like that's cool but I want man
I'm on the man not Brendon handle that
she's the one that does bad this is
better what does it do but I think we
need better oh can I do more with it
well you know I love them zoom you the
bigger zoom yeah a better depth of field
for the nice blur that's the field of
course no I do it oh yeah I do
it's how deep the field is like 12
seconds later we have the new lens on
Brendan tested zooms bro
what you mean doesn't mean you have to
like cumin on your face a little bit so
let me get it man
we buy it with with some money Oh for
the lens all right so she got that shut
shut that yeah yeah are you the low game
bro yeah man you know Logan
so are you maverick yes MA yo Brendan
this is thick gross pretty right spicy
Evan you look so good and like my head
looks solid
no makes you look sexy goes a lot of
little gangsters in the camera store by
the way new lens Brendan Pappas ooh how
are you tell me what you just said very
interesting go so I was at lunch earlier
and people have been probably careers
new album Lana Del Rey's new album
where's Logan Paul's new album yo fire
question row that's a good question I
told you guys I might start doing my
music under low gain 100 because more
than 90 brolo gang for life Chris Cole
you know I'm okay yo so that dull man
I'm legit gonna start doing actual music
spot before what are you doing though I
know you're lolli
yeah like low-key Dinah peach trunk oh
okay can't have my man dying on me hey
located your short oh oh no no no no
wrong hey let you see what you've done
I'm pretty sure yeah hey look if we
could just show with the short jokes
what do you mean you're short too like
it's not funny funny know anyone buddy
look he's kicking the car cousin only
one one job no no I love that no okay
fine hop in the car buddy you know my
jokes too many today yeah hey man we're
glad to have you back yeah
you what Ella I would kiss your mom in
the mouth oh wait a second that's my
thing I if anyone's kissing mom's in the
mouth it's gonna be murder you are you I
will fight you boys owe you
okay loss is next door for you good
please we're gonna get sunglass I know
would be the kind of like buzz I just
booked play are you good bro come on all
right fine we can leave yes
shake on it just one philosophy why did
you believe nothing once I come on
you're embarrassing me in front of that
guy I don't want the plate look
mosquitoes in here but these are high
quality place Ayla any preferences like
maybe want to be yeah okay we got a ton
of blades ever got some blade to a tiny
we're gonna make a lot of noise you'll
get so close Ronny cereal I got a plate
whoa that's a good foot this is a good
one oh my god wise up hey those plates
shatter like really good now that I have
a own place
oh boy we've now awesome oh I'm doing it
wrong oh you I said it wrong
yo I think it's a good trend you know
what oh why did you
that's just evidence it's just a dwarf
is not that scary he didn't fit me come
here okay come here
okay come here I'm here what you come
closer now that's good I feel like mess
with you a lot you know yeah I like a
lot of the viewers they wonder like like
who are you to me you know you my friend
are you my mom like hashtag Leila like
what's going on you know
yeah good we should address this right
now you really want to address it I
think so no no what oh and your game I
thought you could start if you don't
have to do that okay Ellen I have an
interesting relationship
you're good well yeah we are we ever
tell you and like me I have purposely
been avoiding mentioning this in the
vlog - no I - Rizzo I mean some of you
already guessed so yeah some of you are
way off
Ayla is my assistant my assistant guys
there is no Leila no no not my mom
sometimes I am yeah one thing that I am
calm mom no you're not yeah yeah oh
you're not yeah yeah maybe a cycle as
you know I've been like running through
assistants finally I came across a lie
was like damn this girl has personality
she she can act and she gets the job
done bro like Ellen's a good assistant
except she loved a lot which actually
brings us to today I'm firing her that's
why I'm actually leaving No
yeah I'm definitely fired not
and she could inherit the please she
honestly she could handle everyday yeah
I know like you know like what you guys
see nucular me not really not just the
place you shoot me with the gun okay
look I don't make the decisions like I
said I just enforce them sort of a
serious time yeah yeah complaint let's
save it for this all right you don't
have to do to get that plate I could
turn this side but not good luck I'm not
done you are fired
okay I'm leaving College what did it
really can you clean it up and I'll no
long it is no no you have like two hours
left you have two hours up to the
sifting well I this is a loud they will
be here though still because we've
developed a real life friendship yeah we
are best friends oh now let us resume
there whatever Jesse you guys know I
have a new assistant it's been so fun we
already said all day
that's great um anything else you want
to address yeah if you're not subscribe
what the Frick are you doing bro
subscribe to the channel which super
late I'm not gonna be here every day
it's not every day bro yeah but I'm
going to be close to everything
well I look over my blog I mean I do
want to get to Kong so we'll be here I
don't want to be the only four foot
person in the year you've been meeting
up to happen today
good friends know you're moving which is
looking a tripod shit nice salmon bro hi
okay look gang that is the floor are you
good
okay she'll be back agility bag they
always come back Wednesday okay if you
are not subscribed hit the button join
the logging the strongest family on
YouTube and rep your member mercy a
maverick oh I'll change the world and be
different okay I love you guys edge -
and I'll see y'all tomorrow tech you owe
me in areas that shouldn't be
