Oh yo yo y'all feel like it's a good
time to tell you guys I'm going to be on
The Ellen Show
okay what's Bob it's a good day man
I'll just have and plus plus we got the
merge cannon locked and loaded
remember I got the reflexes of it tired
I think it's only fair if I let my boy
shoot me bro cuz I'm always the one know
I'm always the one giving people a hard
time with it so let's just I think it's
definitely time that I get a taste of my
own medicine
Paula all air a quick record wait stop
stop stop pointing everybody explains
all right so it was at 200 like two
minutes ago and now it's in the red area
oh I think it's broken cuz I didn't mean
to shoot at you that hard okay I'm gonna
do it anyway
I'm not gonna lie he missed I need to
get ready doing this I don't know you
guys do this it's broken Brown break you
miss Beulah
oh yeah I got that new marking of my
little brother cause Lex
hi-hi-hi popping man good yeah
Oh Evan has a doctor's okay I'm doing
what I was saying was Evan has a
doctor's appointment okay thanks for
that input man I think I'm gonna play
dad and drive him to that in the new
width don't why dismember 2017 okay all
my dad's take a beam to the doctor's
office cuz I got a son you're the doctor
yeah I get your butt dude maverick said
either the doctors are gonna touch your
bone I haven't talked about my goodnes
but yeah ah yeah are you looking as
beautiful as ever I know my boy got the
train home yeah we're going to get some
trouble with this thing today I feel
like we're all just one big happy family
except Taylor she's kind of like sassy
all the time but the rest of us are
don't also there's something really cute
happening right now oh my God look at
this guy
we love you calling you so cute yeah
that is one
be right back get out of the light
silver carp oh yeah well my son don't
let him touch your butthole I think that
they grow up so fast
come here Bubba you're the King not with
the seat belt on you there we go yeah
that was good enough for me go no he did
you say no I got a seat boat look it's
seat belt to see best fine no it isn't
even on him it fell off it's not a seat
belt
okay passengers love the low back in a
gay the Yeti see what I did there what
do you guys want to do what you want to
go normally that'd be good but there are
no kids doors around here here's our US
I think it's like five miles and
obstacles because I hey I'm pretty sure
that the kids are on ya Google page Oh
babies are exactly you know why she
knows that because she tried to go to
kids or us and it was just babies and
she still fit in the clothes Oh bye baby
I'll be back zooming I don't die in the
next hour
so she's dangerous on the Gulf what what
did you work
I just think about what it is scooped up
by the guy behind us that's why she
didn't do it
you double mouth you know why can we
have four smoothies with a side of like
and subscribe my guy though this is that
guy I love hello Uber's on his way I'm
at I got your smoothie oven I got it for
you know I'm impressed by your Dodge
there oh you're gonna dodge it today joy
I'm just kidding bro I really did get
you a smoothie brand-new hey don't worry
lady we're picking it up I'm not a bad
guy I'm just a vlogger
thank you brother so did they touch your
butthole
yeah know what you knew it we knew it
Brody at least give you a lollipop
so sons of bitches well okay ella ella
ella ella
okay okay but first before I do I just
wanna say one thing one thing what is
this thing wrong she could just try than
yours doesn't we need a laugh now that's
not why I was laughing it's all you last
night
because look at the real bees bro yeti
row and then you got this oh my god I'm
so obnoxious call me Jake ball sir about
your shopping my man Evan here is the
king of sunglasses well we got Evan
talk to me what go don't look now
security is so onto us bro they must be
in the low game because they as soon as
we walk in they knew see that row
security straight snooping on the low
game she's not heard the song bro you
look good okay my man is straight
rocking these glasses oh oh yeah also I
want to point out rap in a subtle little
maverick logo today right here bottom of
it you know what are you doing hello
stop Alan ah this merger is not
available yet a little like a side hip
maverick logo keep it on the DL but make
sure you get your stuff looking back on
track huh yo look it I'm not saying
anything bro I'm gonna let the master
this time going dressed where you think
you'd like a little bar right here to go
bar it's not too big not too small at 4k
we're going on here we go
oh we think of it let's get small p.m.
to just one hot I'm just gonna go so
high yo we're walking to our next
location but if you look behind us the
security guard is still there via we see
you later you're in the low gang we know
it call me Barack Obama dude can I live
car let's give him a vapor of a right oh
no my managers Jewish yeah I thought
over to the next door this chick is
still following us bro like she's in the
low gang so hard
behold the skinniest escalator I've ever
seen in my life
go at this point bro I need to know if
she's in the low gangs like for me are
you in the low gang kinda okay oh good
fun that's what that will heaven and I
found the sunglasses he's my boy so we
decided to go match what you do is you
want to try again boy okay we decided to
go matching sunglasses cuz that's mom yo
I'm not gonna lie
I think Savage level is maxing these
hydro and Lana King yo you are the king
yeah driving on the street here a list
said she saw Ellen DeGeneres at a store
up here
hello I want to be on the show soon and
then I want to be on your show soon I
promise you
hi guys go see that clip right there
when I go on Ellen I want her to play
that and I want you to say right now wow
that was awesome
yo she's dumb so dumb so cool I see just
smiled at me Oh smell it oh she's the
greatest
okay you guys couldn't tell by now we
don't like really have anything to do
today I'm gonna stop by my brother
Jake's house make his neighbors hate him
just a little more
I love all of you
oh man I'm so sorry Jake it just aren't
always funny for the vlog that mug
library blog library boy back home if
you guys remember in yesterday's vlog
someone put that staff shirt on eBay you
do remember you're subscribed to looking
for life yeah oh and if you're not
subscribed what are you doing it less
anyways I mentioned that the staff
maverick shirt that I gave out in New
York like it's never going to be
available ever yesterday it was at $623
and today it's a let's see here thirty
four thousand one hundred dollars what
I'm sorry
I know maverick I guess our merch is
just too lit up just calling me I job do
you know that the Maverick staff shirt
is selling for thirty four thousand
dollars on eBay no I know you're Canada
but we didn't touch just give it which
went for night haha exactly with my
daughter talked to Josh oh yeah he said
he says what's good defense ok hello
gang so now that I already have my title
and clickbait we can just have fun for
the rest of the day so I decided to
bring some friends over yo that's your
cube the glasses in here because you
know the last time he shot something at
me oh it was a flamethrower you guys
remember when I shot that laser eyes
definitely for my raw yeah you shut up
can i grow up and it's a good thing I
had a you know a little bit of toxin
poisons in me you know what I mean a
little bit gala because I was an extra
bitch don't know it is a good thing you
have two eyebrows now though yeah yeah
there's still you were you ask you
something
fuck you that's that Martha are you good
bro oh come over dude we're doing man
yes he probably didn't come we're not
doing eyebrow wax oh they're not the
shoe mine alright yo dick you got both
eyebrows you know what you know Logan
let me help you bow no.1 Logan oh my
that was that was the coolest thing
about having all the boys back in town
is that we're all good excuse to George
yeah oh Jesus Oh dared would thank you
come thank you gotta get you back right
yeah you guys are probably wondering why
we're doing this running sorry
boy sure together oh we got ready go
ahead start
I think George's to tell ya it's pretty
the hair to me my hurts like a mother
good
I got being it's like this all family
I'm just trying to live life guys we're
going back out we're going shopping
again
no boat meet the yeti bro it makes you
look like a tiny man how you were in in
yet yo you're in for a surprise
welcome to paradise how you feeling
there mark feel good baby riding shotgun
in the road it's a room becasue there's
room and I usually be bitter about not
being shotgun BC seven foot one yeah
listen you're acting like I'm some short
mother nine nine six four three
understand shoes on come on it's kind of
funny that we're talking about height
because I have a friend named Devin
no nothing I have a friendly lemon gods
just checking out the gadgets and I
wanted to know what's this pledge race
know this letter I'm glad you asked mark
it actually destroys North Korea yeah
yeah yeah don't press it dies actually
process stroke sorry Kim for them no I'm
not sorry but it again side enough
number three Joseph - it means the
coolest thing about vlogging on an
escalator and all my boys Wow not long
ago this isn't annoying at all this is
why people hate vloggers this is right
here the most important thing though is
that I'm the best ammonia oh my god oh
this is honestly I feel so bad for this
bookstore right now you literally just
walked in here to cause havoc so let's
call some ass damn bro third floor is
the move this is where they got toys
they got a lego guy kind of pooping like
over here so uncomfortable
oh yo yo yo feel like it's a good time
to tell you guys I'm going to be on The
Ellen Show it's not my work yeah yeah
and I have an earlier today it happened
earlier today
what yes why when I saw Ellen DeGeneres
and I said Ellen I'm going to be on your
show one day I promise
that'd be like the Christmas they've not
scheduled ooh you're not if not
scheduled is not confirmed but it's
going to happen like I put it into the
universe your sergeants yeah she waved
and gave me a thumbs up saw the g-wagen
she was like damn they must be Logan
bull anyways yeah it's cool let's
continue doing this stuff hey is for
Abraham and anus there's a lot of butt
jokes going on not only today but in
this specific store on do with evidence
a doctor and that whole blessed thing I
think I'm good I think I'm gonna wrap
this vlog out for sure okay back home I
thought about genuinely sorry for all
the butt stuff today but I hear some
good news the contest winner because you
guys Bob March in the past 72 hours
I am embroidering and oh hold on who
even is that dude who even said I am
embroidering and putting your name on
the interior of the yet there we go
you're the winner Daniel drivel sonam
total fellow man jacked or the homie
Dania shrimp how we cannot forget Harlan
bazaine
the lady Angela Lee is one I like this
one Talal Abdul Aziz I stopped it I'm
gonna change that to my last name
looking fallibility
tori kelly
Maryann Whitman how can we forget Nicole
River yeah yo congratulations you guys
your name will now become an ample part
of my life and I'll see it every day
when I look at the beautiful Hildy that
I dress also thank you for getting your
merge repping the brand and being a
maverick
with that said um if you're not
subscribed liked it subscribe button
join the logging I think we are
currently the fastest growing channel on
YouTube help thing what can you expect
what are you worried what with what dose
have you been doing having your mom she
said it's so sad here evident as payment
take this Gucci slipper and do well oh
if you haven't yet get your mercy link
in description and I will see you
tomorrow
thank you take it easy fan
why'd you come here all trying to make
me up good
