this song is about a good morning gang
what's up are you good bro oh I know I
thought it - what is he doing what are
you doing
are you yo are you adulting bro we doing
laundry now get me please do my things I
feel smart
oh okay aggressive a down boy I just I
don't like doing laundry so I hire
people to do it for me you don't think I
see your laundry no I don't hear I don't
hurt you not ah shut up fucker never a
dull day you're eating this it doesn't
look like you're eating this because
you're all the way over there all hi
happy day okay I will alright cool in
Malta touch my ass while you potato Oh
spit it out spit it out oh just throw in
the dry good a bit of my belly broke
that's new trees your belly Leila
why do you hang out with us I I don't
yeah you are really doing something over
here oh there is one thing I wanted to
do this morning
along phone I'm on the housing now
you're talking to my blog
what well I'm just holding a plate I'm
just on your place
oh you got lucky you don't know I'm
gonna get creative today cable imma
break this plate like his laundry John
oh you got this shit off but I was
probably start I think it's gonna break
I don't know Haila we're doing the day
to tail up era Ella we're doing it wait
hold on let me see that phone case yeah
I'll be a long ball got /op anyway did
you see there's someone's doing dishes
in the in the laundry machine Emma she's
not possible
no it's fully in fact 700 now are you
going where you going there's nothing in
here for you thank you guys so much
Evan I was go bro did you see Troy went
up volcanoes it was pretty awesome you
want to know what's funny me in my vlog
Channel
if you guys aren't subscribed make sure
to join the low game like washboard
where do you ensure the we're more
anyways what's up Josh Logan you watch
the vlog so you know that we made the
hottest merch in the game even harder
with that new drop point yeah dude we
just dropped the bomb on the website
with a ton of new stuff
maverick merch Logan merged the whole
nine yards you actually have a photo
shoot for today but first I'm going to
my manager Jeff ha and you know I got to
take the new whip what oh my god it's so
sexy it's just like from the heavens
just shining down mmm I'm also aware I
forgot to name it in yesterday's vlog
and I made it very clear that I wasn't
going to forget those stupid honestly
guys I was thinking like something like
okay so it's called the g-wagen
like the idea of just taking out the
space as I said and just calling it the
wagon wagon class but it needs more like
looking this thing it's a big literally
towering over vehicles I'm looking down
on this thing I can't even see like this
thing's a piece of frickin Beach I was
thinking like a Goliath big wagon or
like Godzilla the black baby Caesar the
wagon or like maybe just call it the
cherry that's like anyone else like out
of sleep on asleep and a thought to
decide what color I want to get a man so
many decisions I guess you could call it
a decision collision hi Jeffrey oh
that's my boy every window Gucci
slippers so yo the holidays is wrong
everything is in the car driving listen
to it when he's done this makes a noise
when it shuts this although it's a
gunshot bro
ah honestly guys you're gonna have to
deal with me reveling over this car for
the next like week or so easy lovin they
live what bro bro the fastest truck in
the game is it consider a truck SUV I
don't know what this is honestly it's
like a hybrid half awesome have dope
have cool have like and subscribe and
it's a Mercedes Pro like this could you
definitely can't see any cars I look out
now honestly I don't know I just kind of
like cross my fingers and I hold my eyes
shut and hope I make it to my
destination what do people say when they
like pull up to you what like people
been pulling up and doing extra dough oh
yeah no they love it bro oh the coolest
part I got this in the back I am going
to get a horn built-in but for now we
just have this boat watch no joke right
there really like a train yeah no it's a
train or sad poopoo yeah how you feel
for with that power under their feet for
okay alright easy was that power under
the feet boy handling is
it's a little loosey-goosey I'm not
going to lie I want to get that typed
engine or not I like it I like it like
it and feel like it can roll my truck's
gonna roll you will roll my truck right
now you don't roll my truck right now
you're out this is actually my first
time riding of the passenger dude this
is cool goodbye baby I got to go to a
business meeting but Yolo gang do not
forget if you guys buy merch in the next
24 hours Logan Paul calm slash shop I am
picking ten of you guys you put your
names on the interior of the Dragon and
then I'm going to fly two of you out
here it comes take a ride me with
needless to say it's come for your life
yeah go scoop up your merch do something
different today be a maverick and let's
go do some good whoo look at this office
looks like important stuff goes down
here wonder how I can mess it up hmm I
got to say it's pretty weird feeling
walking around like a professional off
with the majority of my knees showing
and also my ankle shows that's what I do
Drive what oh wow what oh we're talking
about oh hold up on new maverick black
v-neck spicy let you off I got to go
okay
don't do this yo we're sitting here in
the meeting I think this is the most
important thing that we've gathered from
this job yo literally no okay I think we
may have come up with a name to the guac
maybe we call it the Snowman right
because it's white and black like a
snowman cold his eyes or even take a
step further because this thing's oh can
you we call it they yet ape-like entity
Tolan and another shoe yo that's a Yeti
Yeti both Yeti the abominable snowman
one yes yeah yeah oh snap it's beastly
broaches it's not please that's the Yeti
bro that's what it looks like yeah no
joke that but yeah that's it
see guys adult thing can lead to good
things you
I'm sorry I love you baby goodbye boy
you post that diagonal at Logan Paul on
Instagram yeah I am addicted to driving
that anyways guys I'm back home Ayla and
Evan have been holding down the fort but
I think I had something installed today
that I've been waiting like a really
long time for hello oh oh you you look
good Road hey Dad yeah you're doing oh
you're dead
naughty looks like a cute dad no you are
gonna cute dad what up so bad you know
are you one of tho how are you all the
way down there bro it's like chillin oh
yo here's the thing la la'
oh yeah are you a huh oh I saw a village
this is incredible ah yo its odo be a
magic guy with a new merge drop in the
photo shoot we're about to do this is
just so appropriate we got the goods we
are on the way to the shoot yo a lack
him with the name of the vehicle a line
I'm calling it Halen yeah I'm just
kidding davon I called it the Yeti Yeti
you only any is no you put picture on
that's a Yeti Ayla a beast big in white
with black highlights
yeah area yeah what was that they don't
exist a real life but like it's real
here in front of you right there they're
right there okay cool yeah oh hello
George
yeah I named my vehicle what did you
name of the Yeti bro en yoke is what
colors are yetis white you're white
yeah are you dangerous hard I was
thinking about it like as of today I was
but guide I don't think I'm going to
you're not changing it's a matte silver
I don't think so no Matt white uh no
hair like the way it looks right make
you I picked it up all these of it up
like sticker on top logo for the
language oh that's what that's what we
might do we
something simple Brendon where can I
park this thing bro there's no room here
yes I'm good you ham I mean yo look it
does look good that I believe that's the
part I just thought I think I'm gonna
have to move it I don't want to do if I
gotta do it oh yeah Shiva okay okay
Dobies no head to take your body okay oh
you're right I'm I didn't name you guys
I love
ah the whole squad is here and is going
up on a Tuesday never we used to be the
8th class but now you be oh you are you
good girl number you good bro are you
good bro
with the little heroes I'm not oh shit
oh-oh-oh-oh stay hydrated kids stay
hydrated there what are you doing bud
what am I doing here waiting for the
merge bird looking discreetly I like
that we don't have you yellow no we
don't it's a brand and you come out with
one thing at a time youth is coming I do
respect the you all he's okay he's
coming soon I'm sorry bro trust me is
coming soon we're gonna do the sexiest
maverick March photoshoot with you and
Oliver Street and we got himself that a
little gangsters outside apparently he's
a man so this quickly what's up what I
don't know how are you dude what's your
name Milton yeah Logan nice to meet you
bro well what sizing
mouthing don't move are you thinking I
don't know good you go you might need it
no my anything you definitely good
what's most without a can do do you take
oh no here Melton so cool
after you good bro yeah I got to go you
in the logo are you subscribed we're
gonna buy their merch and looking
pawnshop man it was kind of thing yeah
okay yet another successful maverick
merch photo shoot
hey Layla yeah Ayla Ayla question for
you when do we not fucking rock okay
answer my question while I run all the
time yeah Sam that was another thing you
did killing the vibe it you are doing it
right yet the dog you don't know if you
can you just
okay so ignoring Ayla stop on blog don't
forget your maverick merch I've said
this a thousand times in the next 24
hours and I will put 10 of your names on
the interior off the yet iam that I'm
also going to fly two of you out here to
take a ride with me
angers boost drew why you're running
here back at the crib oh you know how we
do yo this looks so good at night oh my
god the Maverick light and yo in real
life when it's not like weirdly exposed
like this
it's fabulous here's another cool thing
my boys got a Joe you're mesmerizing my
boy got a giant lollipop ah we do good
they bro so um yeah I felt badly
bringing link plates and stuff oh you're
right yeah I'm sure you'll not be afraid
she's right there's a lollipop I'll do
the trick now Oh
Ayla you like lollipop I think you just
smash it it watch out for the Caron
doggy my god oh my book hey Layla Layla
it's a broom yeah you use it too adult
for you then it was all best exact whoa
whoa whoa
oh yeah it is the fact that life is good
right now no gang right now I am going
to record another song actually after
seeing you guys in New York in the way
you responded to performing the second
version
dang dude low gang goes hard like how
cool would it be if I could be a
musician and go on tour I want to do
that and I'm a member so I could do any
so yeah do the studio Jay yo Jake tell
me about this banger you made it were
doing today today banger is about
premature ejaculation okay enough of
that kind of wish she was joking but
then I'm going to kind of do this song
is about uh smashing slugline but it's
it's classy you know it's create and
like almost it's a banger so yeah that's
cool okay let's look like a some two
hours later Wow yo the hardest thing
about being a vlogger is not being a
singer when you try to save litter in
the booth shirtless nipples out I'm
sweating my ass off but uh as usual I'm
give you guys a sneak peak this song is
called this won't take very long
we did it by
we could we could do that if you come
from
not even a tumor so what am i what am I
saying make this little thing okay okay
that is the vlog I'm whispering because
it's really late it's 5:10 a.m. yeah I
don't know what happened I guess it's
that grind bro anyways they're guys get
your maverick merch do not forget about
the competition I'm having I your
maverick or low game works in the next
24 hour and I want to put 10 of your
names on the interior of my new g-wagen
the Yeti and McFly two of you out here
to come take a ride could really throw a
link for that in the description or logo
Paul Tom sighs shop if you're not
subscribed what are you doing bro is it
does subscribe I'm doing is join the
Logan last thing the Teen Choice Awards
thank you to everyone who voted from
Nigel no I was nominated in three
categories which is already a huge on
but I think I think Logan we cleaned up
you guys freaking killed it anyways yeah
I will see y'all tomorrow I love you be
a maverick and I will see you all
tomorrow okay bye
yeah
Oh No
yeah recording no control over it now I
want the viewers somebody that you guys
clean up your mouth
