hey how are you Internet's me laughs I
know what you're thinking look at how
did you trick the entire internet your
name into subscribing to your channel
it's just kind of freaking out a little
bit Brendan why why bro do you even know
when did look dumb dude we are nine
thousand subscribers away from hitting
10 million subscribers in one year of
vlog not even in 340 days right so just
I'm looking I'm sorry I apologize I just
like I don't even know what to do right
now so just briefly break in the does
the universe exclusive matter could like
that's what we're doing guys everyday
like literally we are denting the
universe one broken plate at a time one
vlog at a time because yo it's everyday
dude he's going down Tom's gonna stay
the mountains Dada Dada oh boy that's
different when you have ten million
subscribers and I like that's a lot of
eyes bro that is a lot of ass that's
that's twenty million I assuming
everyone has two eyes I mean that's
never assumed but like maybe got like a
pirate it was like eyepatch touch to
nose but roughly 20 million eye I'ma be
honest with you Logan
we got nothing prepares the onyx anybody
no Lydia do we have anything guys
because it happened so quickly we gave
two million subscribers in the past
month alone with the fastest growing
channel on YouTube like I I didn't know
this was going to happen so fast unlike
my technology we've just been killing it
and if you're watching this by the way
and you're not a part of the logging
what are you doing bro I run the family
yeah like literally Brendan we've made
history and I have nothing prepared
we're gonna do some dumb should I do is
some dumb yo-yo alright that is not what
I meant by dumb from Walt working in the
shower fully froze talking
anymore dumb oh you cut me I'm sorry
sis's yeah like do I look like a kid
capable of hitting ten million bottles
look at me sighs my fire mercy okay
universe available now above all that
gun pleasure I'm not doing me wrong I
guess no this is a lesson rolling you
kids out there anything is possible man
this is not the video that I'm gonna
like have this like deep inspirational
talk we're just like 10 million 10
million Oh gag ten million family
members it don't it's getting worse
Brenda's looking exactly for you look
don't worry bro we're in the merch
closet my merch has been known to save
life look I've lived a very good life so
far if today is the day that I have to
go because Brendon's were played at me
I'm down low gang what I didn't mean to
oh I don't care
are you even like Al here go ah I'm fine
ah fine nothing I'll buy oh what a
little map but my but it is it's my big
day a million bro shut up
three hundred forty bucks well yeah am I
out here or what back anyways dude I
think the time yet what no he's not
gonna hit it before me no I beat him to
ten million for sure it is it's almost
time to celebrate I think I think
probably get ready we're going to injure
yo Logan Thunder a thousand bros hundred
thousand I didn't crow dog I just hopped
on the shower you guys Logan you're
going back almost emergency fire oh look
at that
so yeah
oh is just a number of roll up game
kicking like that yeah yeah we're just
in ten million I actually completed
abuse if any we go next on the agenda
guys we were going to a barbecue kind of
cool man a couple of friends of mine
hurt I hit 10 million they decided to
throw a party for me
Wow can't believe everyone went all out
for me to say we did it's my birthday
wow so many people I was Wonder son one
must solavei to me many pieces all I've
done but that just wasn't enough cool I
think oh my party guys I don't I party
for 10 million my party bro my party
pretend you're here oh that's my boy
guys thanks for giving people drunk at
my party it's my big night wanna go
wanna go no I gotta thank the person who
set all this up for me you guys remember
her it's the legendary Jamie you get
entry Mitchell tough oh great straight
at the party others tell me
congratulations for hitting 10 million
subscribers today oh yeah party boy yeah
yeah baby oh yeah I spit out make sure
ten million hits ten million over here
has officially been kidnapped
he was a good dog while he lasted we'll
see we'll see you guys next year I never
give up car bro how much was the good
girls about it
oh yeah because I just hit that really
about my girls will give his true
personality love your father are you in
the Logan okay so she asked me to sign
her phone I got a sign opponent this
what does that say right ball my dad is
a barely famous enough to sign sailboat
thanks for coming to my party Logan Paul
thanks for corner party guys have a nice
life
I thought his name is Colin what did I
say that maybe cuz it's my big day
holy Oh from you up oh you want me to
get in touch with you uber drivers
public look what the heck is going on
I'm gonna get out of my car and I'm a
slap I said I was miss laughing just now
I'm not right come bro like I say I'm
gonna do something I'm gonna do it
you're lucky I don't get out of this car
you know it's laughter that's right dude
I just wanna do it yeah this one my
dad's always better had footage or
anything about all that this is the
drill out the with nothing what the heck
Greg pauses went in Oh
a long way I mean what does that mean I
don't know what that means
she's keeping a long way it's a good bag
I get the crib oh I see my mom's here so
much break for my million not mom no I'm
gonna say I only have one mom and you do
that's right no look I can't finally
cross off I've only had it on today only
one thing to make this better
another play here and I look at what my
dad showed me look at winning no you're
dead bad sex with my mom to birth me
actually actually why I'm coming just
like showing off every but I'm proud of
hitting 10 million subscribers so I had
someone come over there I think you guys
remember Felicia can you see let her in
so I can shoot her with merch
right now so what's going on with my
life are you ago you yo are you guys
don't render back together you can
preserve it you feel pursued here your
heads delay you let me know what about
anyways how you doing yeah I'm Logan
always have been always will be
mm-hmm it's my big day okay back to the
light are you good bro here we go you go
we got I think it's you go here oh I'm
so happy I'll give up still are they
good hey how are ya Internet me love but
I know what you're thinking look at how
did you trick the entire internet
internet it's just subscribing to your
channel I guess nothing say Internet
there's more people how did you drink
general you people tell me dumb
if only dumb I got you know channel has
ever done this this quick and this
amount of time
can I just toot my own horn or sucking
around flaws
yeah Oh what is balloons to happy
birthday Trudeau okay first off guys
when I say this I'm not even kidding
every vlog I post I feel like I I am
blessed and honored that people will use
their time to just watch me and the
people around me my team like this is
it's a team effort I've surrounded
myself with a listers in their field
like everyone on my team is the best at
what they do for example I can't manage
myself I'm just a child I do don't I
have manager Jack Brendan my man I'm the
video y'all seen his shots the best in
the game bro my dad he birthed me I got
this Giger's I said I can't redo these
sit down things like Jake in hard work
like you guys don't always see it but
like vlogging daily vlogging is not the
easiest thing luckily I love to do it
like this is legitimately my passion I
never feel like I'm working but I always
work hard right like I never wanna be
like I gotta work too even when I'm
going to set and acting in movies and TV
shows I never say oh I'm going to work I
hate that man it's not hardware I don't
work I work hard
you see when I'm doing this I'm freaking
nervous my name's do innovation pushing
the boundaries like legitimately guys
we're changing the game who is logging
like we are like slowly but surely this
is turning into like a reality
television show and just wait till we
get a house like an actual house where
we have more than just one room to break
plates in it's great fucking nuts dude
but that's what we do here on this
channel and all of you watching members
of the mugging guys we are a maverick
right here this table right here doing
so much to me and it had come to mean so
much to you guys as well putting a dent
in the universe every day working hard
to follow your passions chase your goals
and achieve them by working hard I see
you guys repping the merch in the
streets I see you guys buying the merch
I know you're my it's the hottest merch
in the game right here baby every day we
are out here testing the universe I
don't just say it try please our
universe working hard to achieve our
goals
following our passion and chasing the
dreams bro and we're not listening to
the people that tell us we can't do it
because they don't know any better they
don't they don't have your vision and
when I was growing up and I wanted to
become famous on the internet you know
hi what is what a stupid thing to become
famous on the internet that's what your
boy did it yeah boy did it it's all
symbolized by this symbol right here the
Maverick man it's a revolution you
better join it or you're just get out of
the way like I'm opening up the Teen
Choice Awards tomorrow and I'm up for
two awards I'm just gonna say I'm gonna
win I know I am they didn't tell me that
but like let's be honest guys we can
beat the low gang can be cocky we're
talkin we know what we have we know how
strong we are what's the mikake dude I
don't give a sh at the same time it is
important to be humble which I try to do
when it comes down to real life and not
making jokes all the time which I tend
to do anyway guys I am I will reveal how
to become famous on the internet one day
it is not that day tomorrow when I win
my award you guys should be watching I'm
dedicating it all to you guys and maybe
I'll do something crazy animal it's also
the last award of the night so keep an
eye out for that get your merch logo
blow Tom's last job death the universe
these are available for another 24 hours
I think then they're gone and obviously
we're not subscribed make sure you
subscribed overlooking the fastest
growing channel on YouTube first Channel
ten million subscribers in 340 days
straight vlog Yahiro gang I love you and
I will see you tomorrow ticketing mad Oh
me
our loot
