hey dude yeah whatever you like okay
what Bapat I went out last night New
York what have you done to me this
explains the current situation yeah a
little my name's my name Jeff I did I
got me what you got
oh yeah well yeah well you have your
pasta from last night
I ordered pasta and didn't eat it but
now I want to change the pastas
disgusting it looks so hard no call you
can't have it you're just a dog we make
this work because I saw the coal up I
appreciate your damage so as you guys
know we're in New York City for our
first ever maverick by Logan Paul pop-up
shop you saw yesterday
ah sure stir-crazy and since you last
for two more days y'all are savages
waiting in line waiting to see the
experience get the marchers so crazy
yesterday the police hmm
the police what bro you know I don't
work well with police we don't care
they're just telling this one tell
people that you're not coming oh I'm not
going today
I'm not going on good luck yo this is
bad this is dry bye bro hello Kate
wasn't see the maverick it's a fact that
the North Canyon made to New York yeah
oh no co2 guys they wouldn't let the co2
on the plane so I'm just going to throw
our chair no I think we bring this to
the dry eye again so it doesn't work
Logan you know us we made it a point to
bring the merch cam to New York just
stuff that it doesn't work but like it's
customizing everything yeah it doesn't
work right
what a weird car I know a place you know
a place they make it work yeah it gives
you co2 tank
ha did you get it what no just growing
up he wanted to be a rapper
Oh Kong you could do it with the
headband oh and the bling my man's got
the diamond maverick pendant on it he
wants to go to the studio oh yeah it's
so cute
oh you're aggressive you can rapper
thanks for bringing food she look at me
we're probably cuz I'm in a town is it
cuz I'm a blogger feel real talk this
makes me so happy and I did not think
that we were going to get this to be
your oh my gosh okay okay I'm go ahead
rude or delante I'm not going to be next
what you mean make her dick burn
intraday that's right oh I know I'm
annoying myself is this going on I can
sleep anywhere with you I can't eat
anywhere I hate what you did trust me
there's only one thing I would mention
worst enough that I did it twice
okay that's the v-neck did yo Mecca
Medina you're not even out yet
like I'm so I shot in the elevator about
to go to the pop-up shop and shoot some
merchants you guys I'm a boy Calvin back
bro you're gonna protect me from all the
bad guys and cut up housing yep if that
thing is a full-fledged weapon yeah
okay if you guys have a chance that I
get to see you in real life I want you
to break my car I want you to smash the
windows let's go okay y'all the savages
Road this isn't even the pop-up shop
this is the hotel how did you find out
where I learned all the savages wrote
okay guys on our way to the shop here's
the merch we're shooting we got the
staff shirt this is I actually this is
not ever going to be available we got
the manager gesture also this is not
available with the personal favorite the
exclusive New York City maverick pop-up
shop shirt Oh what the Jesus Christ
hazers Cristo you are crazy
that's not mad for spirit bro they've
been chasing us I hope your stuff I love
you if your staff you can wear that
shirt I love you for the savages out
there we got the savage Hey and the you
good bro like bro you good look the
point is we got options we don't shoot a
lot you good good good you can't stop
the whole gang at this moment like I
realize like what happened I created you
guys are insane I love it yeah
yes
only the volcano
okay
yo guys we should I should go on tour
joke we didn't make more songs we're
announcing a tour probably pretty tours
coming soon I gotta get more songs are
ya Oh literally look look I've ripped my
pants I did a split and split my pants
just absorbing all the craziness no I'm
aware I made no progress in that
sentence I want to give it thanks to
these guys yo Corey Calvin thank you
guys I also have something interesting
for them as you guys know my dad Greg
Paul is quite the character and after
seeing how crazy yesterday was he sent
me this video this morning I want to see
what you guys think of this noggin sure
papi I listen no way that's fire bro I'm
smart in the game I taking this up that
we don't have three people like I I got
two big guys is that accurate does my
dad know what he's doing
welcome back thank you oh okay guys
we're headed to Long Island right now
for thinking like a little barbecue
party or something but my god hi Frank
daddy I'm not your dad my dad or you
dude yeah I ripped my pants I did the
splits and it split my pants
then it's stuff some fan mail down there
why are you like this
my mom Sammy well I like the guys I'm
sorry I just literally like I mean is
he's hanging out of my pants I gotta put
I don't have any other options guys Hey
look why are you even in the car because
I'm taking care of cause that's actually
a very good reason
pretty busy my hands are full of longing
shooting merch got you what we're doing
here yeah so that's how everyone's
feeling right now our uber driver right
there is like hey guys I got somewhere
to be I have to drop you off the airport
like in the middle of the dry like that
dude this is not our destination Brown
back in business
what was that bro did you guys see what
happened it must have missed it we've
arrived good news this an ice cream
truck down the street I don't have money
but I do have a merge candy I'm not
gonna finger Russia
I hate it you didn't stop them and I'm
sorry you're not getting ice cream today
it's funny because it makes a lot of
noise but it is your soft shirt out here
bro like I got a headache and depressing
I'm sorry I need my marsh cannon are you
doing Frank epic man pickoff right Gregg
hurting me Frank
hurting me more look at all those
chickens look at us all here having a
good time hey Logan huh Frank hey Logan
hey Frank how's it going
it's okay what this thing you broke off
pieces what I always think you put a
piece if no it's fine it looks very
strategically placed like in the middle
exactly I love fine boys with me that's
fine
just trust me we're trying to do to be
frank aboard you talking to real you put
a piece of fork in my rib right I see
you around
oh he's bouncing don't eat fried rib is
fork in it you clear up right so guys
this is Hannah
that's Jeff's girlfriend he's right
there my name is Jeff his name is Jeff
Hannah told me the saddest news today I
would rather my brother lose all his
YouTube subscribers than have this news
come true she said that when Carl grows
up and his teeth come in he'll block his
little tongue from coming out of his
mouth I just switched happenin Hannah if
your teeth block your tongue I'm gonna
have to remove your teeth are you
listening to me I feel like you're not
listening he's not paying attention this
is how I feel right now
and cut why you looking at broke are you
good bro but you want to say god I'm
gonna duck you up you can buy your lunch
at Logan Paul calm /r it's funny you
guys think it's funny
okay so much place you take my no not
the merchants wet obviously it's not
gonna work everyone just calm down
rock back what are you gonna do if I
don't rope hey that wasn't there would
only be one shirtless chachi imma go
ahead and take that roll with that rock
back if I don't put the rock back what
are you gonna do my boys just my Billy
Budd
why'd I do that I don't wanna be a part
of this anymore can we go ahead and we
go back and can we blue Frank's face yo
I'm sorry I talked earlier can you get
my shirt from me doc doc
no is it you gotta go straight Oh Doug I
was gonna say fuckin super happy a la
happy just make you happy
I don't even have a title thumbnail yet
you can bet your ass I'm not gonna make
it she threw my shirt in the pool no one
would watch that man
I mean document hey guys we're leaving
obviously I have to shoo a low again now
the t-shirt sweat and hard and it might
hurt but that's nothing like a hurt fall
dude I miss I'm sorry Ella no not I'm
really not I am that dude this is the
exclusive black maverick v-neck damned
uber driver is going to hate us I'm
coming okay guys back at the hotel I'm
actually getting a call from brother
Jake right now I haven't talked to him
since we performed the second verse for
New York but uh hey dude yeah what have
you the low gang made me do it bro bro
did you see the vlog I was done it was
help me help you when I was done and
they started chanting second verse
second verse and Jake you know the game
bro I was just giving the people what
they want
it is overplayed because it's a banger
bro remember the one line you know okay
oh we did a we did I like a an edit we
cut in a line that here it is again you
know okay it's that sorry in the vlog if
you saw it cuz you know you subscribe
and stuff and like I am sorry I hope it
did thank you know and plus Jake the low
gang gotcha bro like I told them to vote
for you for toys you tuber right so we
got you Jake Paul Logan got you bro
you're not mad amia not mad
yeah I feel you I feel you well the good
news is I got a merch cannon rep feel
like it shot a bag I'll be home okay uh
I don't know if he's mad or not I know
that I'm Logan though yeah yo you guys
got him Jake Paul my brother I love you
dawg
okay baby do it dude but that actually
reminds me Teen Choice Awards oh no we
forgot to record all the art roll uh so
anyway yeah guys little air our fault
but you're happy here's what I would say
entire bro can you guys tell okay anyway
three Choice Awards you guys got this so
vote for me if you do for a choice
comedy web star and choice male web star
and then vote for Jake VII for choice
youtuber okay yeah I could explain in
tomorrow's vlog anyways I want to be
sending you guys merch if you vote for
me and max out your votes about 10 times
per day the link is in the description
fucking max another also sending you
guys exclusive matters backpacks the
winner of today is Luke block I'm
reading his name hair it's maybe a
blouse Luke blood a man thank you for
voting for me okay anything else huh I
think that's their dude yeah if you are
not subscribed make sure you subscribe
to in the loge a blast the fastest
growing family I'm YouTube and it's your
maverick merch the link for that is in
the description thank you bro I will see
y'all tomorrow which is actually just my
today okay take it easy
you tell forward backwards in sideways
with unencumbered movement it's your
papa looking out for you bro love you
man
