Bojan that you would learn who is Mark
yeah really good it's been a good
morning man I got one question there's
my boy I said I got my bag I'm good
really good like really really good
because we got another awesome day on
planet Earth yeah guys it's dude what
just going down always if you're new to
the channel which you might be because
we are gaining a lot of new family
members everything welcome to the low
game we are savages we are the best and
we are maverick see around here we
should yeah thank you maverick he around
here we like to break the rules
challenge society we do our own thing
we're unique we're different but that's
ok baby we're proud of it oh by the word
maverick itself means someone who is
independent and thought and action
that's me I'm a vlogger bro that you
like look I talked to my fake roommate
cardboard cutout hi how are you having
ok cool he's never gonna respond to
these never anyways as you guys know we
just dropped a bunch of new merch the
hottest merch in the game including the
famous Yeti backpack these are this
close to selling out guys we've sold
like way more than I would have ever
expected and again not really
connections fire in your local what you
want while you can but well I got my
shop League in description ok Kong it's
good to have you back buddy hello
getting miss you buddy don't worry we
saved you from your kidnapper
Eila anyways what you got there bro you
got a plate ok I'm going to take you
from you and then just watch so you know
I can't do it oh that was a bad one day
yeah guys this is probably why they're
kicking me a hi Brendan camera anyways
yeah this is probably why I'm giving you
a victim to disable to do it number
Wi-Fi you have to live because Barry I'm
not capable of being an adult living
with other adults in an apartment that
requires a little responsibility my
simple monthly can I handle because I'm
a blogger bro hey guys you know would be
the victim we got like 54 days to find a
house bro what are we gonna do
still not response live dudes real life
ok I think me and squad are going to
Beverly Hills so let's roll
okay we are here at Creative Artists
Agency this is my acting and
entertainment agency otherwise known as
CAA he's the one to help me become a
movie star rough target contact Lydia
anyways we're not a lot of filming sizes
like there's like celebrities always
walking in and out I'm going to go
inside and I take over the world after
you guys left I wrote up what what do
you get food step one to becoming a
movie star
sushi manager Jeff agent Paul and agent
obvious missing agent Jack he will be
here in a little bit but yeah sushi
board meeting Joe it's coming down burn
thanks Jeff say I appreciate that
enthusiastic vlog man all sober let me
just say yeah you look specially with
the Maverick hat and the gravy neck yeah
nothing hot oh we gotta get all of you
maverick time and it's not damn we got
to hook you too obvious I think I have
something actually I have something
better than merge bro it's this is even
release bro we're going to do a fanny
pack Terrell Paul safe and a Yeti fanny
Bachrach it's not even available but I
don't even know why I have that thanks
for giving movie rose I appreciate it
hey okay we finish our meeting and
across the way I see Brendon and Lydia
running around with call there they are
doing car montages I can only imagine
what that looks like
was that in montage bro that was a car
montage too long since we had a come on
I know bro the the cantata
you know calling me my agent Paul his
first name is my last name and look
uncle Jeffrey yeah he actually needs
major bow your calling you need an agent
hey boy big equipment our dog you just
gotta find out my vision for Kong's
entertainment career is like we make
another Kong like King Kong right but it
just hang a Kong Skull Island
no it's go island exactly ro Beijing
next item in the agenda as you guys know
I'm getting into music lately but I'm
not a singer I can sing but y'all back
at the why don't we have boy boy
yeah back and y'all are you whore bitch
shut up look a ball that comes my shot
where you at boy why don't we why don't
we find out who you are cuz I don't know
how about to hit me with this line you
got to know what where you are cuz no no
I'm just kidding I think they're in
Dallas they're like touring across the
United States much cooler than it all we
still don't like that fire yo Socky
don't boo boo boo boo boo boo boo ass
still gonna make a hit and break the
internet ad boo this song today is
called out of my hair about to flow the
crazy Logan Paul mop a little bit of a
headache from that but okay look that I
Hey
okay but I'm not a singer guys I'm not a
singer I can sing guys but I'm not a
singer candles LED lights down playing
Cody Simpson you can't practice bro I've
been there for five hours it's a long
time it is a lot sorry why don't we boy
this is not my house bro at this point
my vocal cords are for apparently not
anyways yeah man we've been riding for a
long time in here I guess said the
hardest part about being a vlogger and
trying to sing is not being a singer as
usual I'm gonna give you guys a little
sneak peek so let's go listen to what is
this call out of my hair welcome to the
bunny let's doing my hey I'm walking
down
but I'm not a singer I'm not I'm not a
singer yo I'm not a think yeah the track
is Flyers guys I'm actually working on
an EP like a five song EP you'll hear
about it when it comes out but it's
going to take a little longer to get the
music and shoot the music videos horn
money into it bubble blast nothing like
this track boost to write scum Jay Paul
bull waitwhat shots fired back so much
drama on YouTube now but yo here's the
thing guys it is like 12:30 a.m. right
now let me tell you about that vlog
light brah
the vlogs not done I don't have a title
I don't have a quick man awesome man
this is where vlogging gets interesting
luckily for me because I'm a blogger and
I have followers I have real-life
friends okay I got the attendance just
catch your brother I just left his house
for you
yeah yeah you can have some of my
followers oh really no anyways yo I have
a fun idea our game on how would you
finish is ramen oh no no no no you got
heavy rolling not know Evan hey why my
thumb's like squeeze just cuz you should
punch you a little good hey it's not the
same Evan when do you close back hello
gang Mitch did you stop talking to a
piece of cardboard damn it I talked
about it this morning man and you don't
like watching my vlogs you look at me
like what is wrong with that kid well to
answer the question I can give you a
list okay here's a game we are gonna
play blind hide-and-seek no yes it's not
welcome to do it everyone oh here we
play of that down you're like creases
straight out the street on the wave is
Brooke okay anyways blind hide-and-seek
we'll put that new youth merch on mark
as a blindfold Logan Paul calm /op and
then that's the point of blind agency oh
yeah okay so we're going to turn the
GoPro on Mark's gonna walk around and
try to like find us well he's obviously
blindfolds I hope no one's are going to
distract them or anything
exactly no no I know you do well you're
making things of the camera don't know
okay no where you do well I mean our dad
might have been straight but I still
know you so silly right now but that
much still fighter those okay mark I'm
as disorientating you here you go
disorientate you go hey that's me up
okay Casa 10 and then just go for it you
are trying to find me and Lydia and I
guess coms like a little bonus please to
the level takes do not step on no
promises but I'll do my best
what oh man it's stuck oh there's the
pillar of the 7th ed oh hi Bree say
Marco Polo's oh hi I hear you
I guess
prepare your wife Nicholas what is this
come on this is not a drill
oh oh oh I'm Marcel running for me don't
ever put me down
I hear a little girl screaming not for
not where you are girl bring on the roof
guys we got here you guys
Arthur
comport stop drop roll oh yeah Wow gotta
make like direct eye contact with the
k√∂gel didn't work
then where's melted it goes out pretty
good mark that's fine it's fun right no
gentlemen I hope this isn't the worst
vlog I've ever made but like skiddooed
huh but I'm about miss a million I can
do another car walk yeah please have me
a boy bro
you ready you guys ready Jory take or
you take me now yeah wow yeah wow wow
those are fake punches you're gonna one
two dropped out of college
dad the advantage of this situation is
that it's my house so I kind of know
where everything is I'm a little faster
on the draw will you at donor I hear you
I'm running around here collect I hear
you bro I'm climbing I'm climbing you
know this is dope Chris literally I know
where everything is
oh no no stuff nothing I hear the merch
cannons you don't know how to use it you
doing something like this up as we soft
brush it oh right there you know what I
deserve that go dad go what did i do I
feel like oh I'm moving too bad no I
hear someone are you good bro follow the
kick you out think you can go in the
kitchen fool me huh mark mark mark says
are you Mark mark what mark where's mark
I know you know our market
mark is that you with money with mark
son of a bitch I know you know where
Mark is smoking ball that comes by job
hold on I heard another plate you son
look I got a iphone charging cable throw
this game is much harder than I expected
I've never got by Marsh on Tobruk
stripper oh hey what oh oh I thought
those were mark but Lydia as my new
assistant could you help me clean up
mark please my fault damn bro I I made a
mess
how about doesn't want to M plate
breaking all right look about more flip
very soon let's go okay I didn't make a
mess but I'm the 10-million note do you
guys have any ideas of like how we
should celebrate we're singing uh stuff
over here but like ten million like guys
we're breaking records no one's done
this in a year of vlogging before no
gang for life if you're not a part of
make sure to subscribe that is 100 times
today but get your maverick merch logo
bubbling up slash our link in
description it's the movement guys marks
the part of it just check it out baby
baby let's go okay he's wearing youth
merch normally it's it anyways I love
you guys no excuse tomorrow when the
vlog will be more epic I promise hi guys
take it easy melanism jumpy
we're gonna put that new use Mercer bark
as our mark as
