on the youtubes today and saw my brother
uploaded a video said like I'm releasing
the second so third verse I got it like
not clickbait perfect oh yeah good
morning okay what's up as usual it's a
good day as you guys know yesterday well
today I guess I flew from Los Angeles to
Toronto Canada to surprise my roommate
Evan who how are you doing low gasp time
sometimes we get wild up we're really
good friend having this competing in the
dwarf world games bro can we just a just
a few like this have is row look at the
mad but I'm dude it's all about
appearance right you know and you don't
actually have to be athletic no no it's
all about intimidation obsessed so it's
like and this just adds on to like my
athleticism oh yeah for sure how's the
competition looking bro sorry yes a lot
of doors in this game there's a lot of
door it is the dwarf World Games so
we'll be hanging out with a bunch of
dwarfs today's are the coolest people on
planet earth this little gangsters bro I
had a couple come up to me like y'all
Navarrete yeah no you guys are Mavericks
you're in the low gang you want to smoke
some Merlot compose icon size like this
I actually had a couple of them come up
to me and ask if you bring in merch yeah
but um I don't want to break the news to
them and tell them Logan Paul is it
still there sigh wait a second we won oh
it's gonna wait I was gonna save it my
man we've got that you know I brought a
bunch dudes like bro I probably do you
hand some of these out will I be the
favorite ever hi got the favorite cuz
you know I'm all ready to say hunter sex
every second favorite you can be second
say hell yeah
she ate this mother of God let's go get
you registered as a dwarf okay right now
evan has to read
sir as a dwarf do you think you're gonna
pass I don't know it's always
questionable every year oh I don't know
how you manifest
they got me a media pass I don't know
whose ideas is what I like to spice up
life a little bit we're go ahead and put
Paul Logan oh man I'm such a Joseph oh
he'll survive the competition spit oh
you didn't know I'm part of the media
I'm a CEO I told that he needs to watch
out so much bigger than ever girl like
the brother he will kill your dog Oh
your hero she kill me bro I'm your mama
Warsaw he's small though you're
embarrassing me Ellen his best man
rapido I'm a CEO he's big okay so good
news ever got about ever got approved to
be a dwarf so that's some good stuff
also man I took a lot of picture I've
ever taken pictures with that many doors
we're gonna dope back is the promote yo
good lighting is not you guys dude oh
yeah what are you doing in my room you
know my dad all the Lighting's good okay
bro I came here and I realized I got no
plates I've been having a real urge the
brake plate bro but there's no place
right locally
okay yo you gotta compete you gotta get
ready warm up you know your arm
Evan you uh go kiss my mom and then
we'll rendezvous back and you will
compete in the game oh no no no guys
great so while Evan goes to kiss my mom
I actually have something to admit guys
I'm not going to get played okay I could
have gotten plates from the kitchen and
yesterday's vlog ever reminded me that
this is our four-year friendship
anniversary four years ago today August
6 we met at the dwarf World Games in
Lansing Michigan we took this picture of
us sitting on rocks looking like studs
you have a nip you Bertie yeah so I was
sitting here and I was saying I was like
dude I need to get I don't know what
it's gonna be yet but I know there's a
mall nearby what you're going to so
whatever gets ready I'm getting again
I'm gonna remain care
tones dug them all seems legit
we got a lot of options but to my right
wallet low gang you have a low gang and
also we got a jewelry store it might be
them we're in the jewelry store this is
like a rolex section you got to ring the
doorbell to get him Canada my friend is
an orphan competing the dwarf floral
game and it's actually our four year
anniversary so I was thinking about
buying a Rolex and my good friend a good
friend I'm a blogger perfect you I would
purchase it in what we don't think
there's a lot of variables here's why I
can anniversary today yeah I am the best
friend ever Evan is about to lose his
mind when he sees when I got it but
first we have to go to Evan he's playing
basketball active dwarf World Games is
my guy we're done Evan play already oh
look there he is number 12 looking
looking straight does I don't know if
this is a lot but I got a wish my boy
good luck I missed the first half yeah
bro okay I'll make it up to you later I
promise
I like that look thank you for okay
you're not here you didn't score okay my
good luck don't yeah I don't know why my
boys giving me up 25 nothing like come
on are you gonna bro hey hey bro are you
from wow I wouldn't hit me if I were you
I'm a CEO go get it oven make the log a
ground
my board missed two shots in a row he's
kind of embarrassing me a little bit it
sucks but if he misses another shot like
you can't be my roommate anymore the
arable here are you good bro
don't put that I'll make the cut it
won't make the time what did you say you
have kids sizes right it's funny you say
that he was now available on Logan
Poldark consulate yeah are you guys
competing that in the door for games
yeah are you gonna win are you going to
be yosi's they know bro they're in the
low game we've run too deep
look it's my demo I gotta ask who is
taking this picture I don't see any
are you ready girl don't ask me why
get cheating on me with all these other
drawers are you talking about you're my
number one to tell you over there you're
my number one you're my number one you
are my number one I proved you later are
you in love bro yes you're loca yeah I
think you and Aiden will make a cute
couple you guys should go on a date
mommy said it I said it I hate it even
he didn't even tell me that you guys
were in love forever
she says she's dating someone right now
that's okay he's still gonna swoop great
so he'll pick you up at 8:00 I gotcha
mister steal yo girl yeah I feel bad got
the feeling I sorta am cheating on Evan
Evan it's not what it looks like bro I'm
not signing this savages face bitches
see oh yeah how are you doing you're
making it awkward for me only a minute
bro he made me do it
mr. cereal girl bro let's just hear you
talk best friend
oh it's literally been like five hours
since we saw Evan had to leave I had to
go to an audition actually put myself on
tape that's right bro in Canada still
grinding actor like yo G we're in Evans
room and he's in the shower so we're
going to mess with him a little bit also
Evan this is your punishment for missing
all those basketball shots
hi I'm vlogging no Diana heaven
you look so good I like you better when
you're not clothed I don't think I'd be
a roommate anymore oh because I kicked
you out because you didn't make those
basketball shot his pit is because when
we left apparently he was like bawling
we're bawling bawling left me I know I'm
supposed to audition to always drop
names ever liked the game ten points a
game
damn it's like black pen to Adam wait
dude stay there
I think dude we see a cavity we just
can't really get ya littlest we didn't
get place earlier bro look it I think
it's a great moment right now right it's
a good moment
oh wait I did keep plates in here though
just for old times sake close out plate
sorry Lydia I'm paranoid
oh no sorry I haven't mom and dad
anyways joke is to get yellow gangs mean
ways with us but I don't I feel I'm not
like the bro as you know it's our
four-year anniversary being friends way
dad was it just like a gag you know yes
you have a booger need ozone we've been
friends for four years bro best friends
man
and I just I felt like this is a special
time I fly 2500 miles of Canada yeah and
I wanted to get you a special gift to
remember our friendship I open your eyes
favorite cookie I actually hit a bad
time right we're gonna go oh god be
honest with you I was gonna buy you a
Rolex
I know I was gonna do it and then the
ladies like my role at noon and they
love it I love it all whooping I was in
a factory I swear to maintain until we
get back to LA that's Mario Goetze
coming no I'm saying here this no I also
feel like now is a good time to tell you
we are getting evicted we have 60 days
less than the house shall we live on the
streets we technically we are homeless
brain in pink to Tony it was going to be
a row like let me tell me how he doesn't
leave a like don't get the Rolex it
coming break a plate in my bathroom and
now you tell me we're getting evicted
Oh way to go I have one more thing one
more thing if you write the survey right
now I'm hitting you in the dick
beginning it I'm in either miss a day
there you go
you homeless girl we gotta stop fighting
we gotta stop fighting ever ah guys
there is one thing I do want to address
let's talk about the third verse
apparently this is becoming a thing went
on the youtubes today and saw my brother
uploaded a video said like I'm releasing
the second so third verse I got it like
not click BAE BAE BAE bro guys we did
that what Evan and I made up a thing
about the third verse with the rocker
rocker twin you saw the video it's like
it was first one we beat each other up
so they stole the third verse the third
verse from us and then we broke a bunch
of plates to try to get it back and then
Jake did a fight see with him which was
I thought was great by the way but then
he like made it like real life and said
he actually took the third verse brother
Jake you didn't take the third verse
because it doesn't no because it doesn't
exist someone made the third first but
we were just doing cuz it's like a fun
thing to bring up that there might be a
third verse yeah and we like fighting it
why not worry more people yeah go on
fire watch it it's funny comedy I keep
on finding out right like now I say
maybe we do go you make it because like
Jake's kind of pissing me off like
faking the third verse I even touched
them about it I'm like yo you said
you're gonna release the lyric video for
the third verse how are you gonna do
that if there's no third verse he's like
those two subs to release I'm like too
savage where it doesn't exist so I don't
know what's going on just no guys there
is no third area unless we decide to
make a third verse you guys think we
should I think I should be in the third
verse I think so - okay yeah two million
likes on this video we make a third
verse and I buy a van a Rolex just get
it get it please like it why so many
likes on this video low guy I know we
can do it cuz we have the strongest and
fastest growing family on YouTube you're
not a part of the family make sure you
subscribe also copy or maverick merge
link for that is in the description
joined the movement managed to hi Yeti
backpacks back to school use murky I
love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow cause that's a vlog take it
easy
poof
are you
