Eric hasn't changed at all dude he still
thinks he's a thug and he's still the
whiney ass bitch good morning gang
what's up yo we just set up this like
wall of Mars for a little photo shoot
that we're doing in right into the day
I'm going to set later but look at this
bro this is no we got everything guys so
if you do not know we're having a pop-up
shop in New York this weekend details
will be on my Instagram but like
exclusive stuff like this backpack yeah
fire we got V next we got the low gang
for life we got everything bro but yo yo
yo I think it's time for a montage
Oh stick montage tonight we're back at
the crib my roommate young ever yo first
off no one leaves my shoulder without me
telling you okay you got you bro Oh yo
okay just one sec pow
just give me one sec map Thanks okay how
yeah I am cheese but a lot shorter back
then so that's what people eat one of
them I was so vlogging this whole thing
oh shit
hey Jesus bro I shouldn't have logged
that I'm sorry come a bro come on so I'm
going to show you just trust me come on
yo are you good bro why you taking
Jesus's bed dude how cute are you mad
bro oh jesus is angry he didn't mean it
call he was just kids and he's just
short-tempered yo enough said the Alps
oh yeah well okay guys I'm in my trailer
I just realized some other God Wow I've
been upset for like four hours and
blocked upset is hard bro I got no car
luckily this is my last day and then
back to the epic savagery that is love
them pow pow right now I'm looking
around it oh there yep yeah this is
happening right now
good old Tabasco sauce going down the
hatch well I got distracted this is not
yours
no no yours just left a box of potatoes
they dropped my burrito and they only
gave me hash brown I'm gonna eat it
because I'm fat nothing about school
with that I'm in sick I need my bidet um
well he did for Basra okay I was there
you better I missed my mouth
I just wanted to spray that's good
starches of love what'd you say I got so
given the beef that's going on between
my brother and I right now I figured
it'd be interesting to go back and watch
the videos that we made when we were
kids but we've been making YouTube
videos since I was 10
its root end yeah now okay hit story
those ones like the super young ones I
actually deleted another like 15 no yeah
like the really young agree puberty I
know bro here's why I wasn't a full
maverick back
then I was about 16 years old and I had
a crush on this girl and her younger
sister watched our videos because Jake
and I were like the kids in the town
that like made the videos and like
everyone pretty much knew us oh hello
hey guys what'd he do it in his block
and step in the frame this Magan my name
is Jeff anyways I had a crush on this
girl and she saw the videos that I made
when I was really young and she was like
embarrassed by me so I got embarrassed
and then I deleted all of them I'm an
idiot
if you ever post videos and I keep them
there no matter who makes funny you
should keep them there anyways there
still are videos online of us when we
were younger somehow we're gonna watch
them and I just want to say like you
will see the difference of like what we
were like back then what we're like now
actually loves doosh doosh is what we
got by the way keep stepping frame would
you want to just hide in the corner yeah
thanks so we called ourselves Zoosh
because Smosh inspired us and when we
when we were younger it makes it I'm
always so curious to see like who am i
inspiring right now that will become the
next me in like 10 years they're gone
okay
you are my year okay so without further
ado let's let's watch some kid video I
bet alright everyone with profits
decreasing in sales tax skyrocketing we
say standstill what dose was I do it is
who wrote it
I don't know I think I wrote it I
thought it was funny shirt blame the
economy and blame the president let me
tell my cousin Donald Trump would he do
it probably crazy sense that
skyrocketing people who was the
president when you made this no no my
little Timmy's lost 8 pounds alright and
we better step it up I'm gonna lay down
the hammer yeah this day I'll lay down
the hammer we lay down the hammer on jig
broke all is the okay cuz he took me out
ah good okay yeah mr. Galloway from
Logan
they need you in there to actually shoot
something nah the life of a vlogger
actor guys I'll be right back guys
quick cut hey guys do you recognize this
place we're back home
it's my own title what oh no you guys he
wants to go home and because he's a 139a
yeah anyways guys they kept me on set
obviously a little longer than I would
have liked and now we're here Oh Jeff
know you thought of love when we both
reaction video come on Jeffrey okay I've
been vlogging for like 308 days straight
no way I'm gonna stop now daily content
I don't care what it is or what I'm
doing I'm putting it out just in my
manager for my whole entire internet
providers for four or five so these are
going to take us back and now we're
getting into the young young young age
videos you can actually good fun fact
but you'll probably cut it we go off
okay guys so I'm kind of an asshole I've
been an asshole my whole life including
when I was younger I did a lot of prank
calls
so this is one of those braces Oh Mike
Mike what let's keep a good one but you
going you TC s can your friend to help
you smell and yo missus
and well I thought like butts were so
fun but ski is row but little as day
long but told you this I was probably 11
fin busky and your address
wait fun I forget it right now I was
thinking of a joke beer me because like
I wasn't sure what the draw wasn't
quick-witted I was my exact funny oh
yeah a goofball so then I shot it with
five - OH - what's the free yeah Oh
everybody loved by blood head stream did
definitely couldn't think of something
better well I look it took time to
crafting this piece of perfection
looking at now bro we also sold merch
what back in the day how many did you
sell to and there was both of my cousins
here's what that looked like
we got two t-shirts you know douche
t-shirt okay like that
why did I bring those cool it literally
designed it myself
onward art yes probably look at the
merch is fired today like look at your
logo behind you my favorite I don't wear
anything else right like dude it's the
wit look it takes time to progress guys
here's a fun fact you guys see all like
the real-life fruit ninja videos on the
internet I'm not even kidding before
that was a thing I literally made the
first one I swear on my life five years
ago five years ago check this out oh I
pick you tomorrow that's all I can show
that because of music copyright purposes
but I hope you enjoy it oh wait Jack
Jack when I first got maverick this is
like when I first got maverick like five
years ago
- what what do I do it what am I looking
at
wait for it no guys look at what a man
look at his wings Mavericks wings were
green when I first got him pushing ahead
scripted Aniyah ever he waves and then I
lose this another good yo are you
kidding me bro like this was like four
or five years ago did a lot of time on
your hands I had a lot of time and I
gotta say things had changed what is it
I'll tell you is crazy this is after
puberty like this you can tell us me all
I just wasn't funny that's all I'm so
sorry
music what here's the background I told
this guy that my bird flew into one and
eyeball fell out and even one eye socket
is oh it was quick maybe have to walk
there with Jim but you say why don't you
fuck away you stupid idiot elegant guy
still the fight I know but you don't
want to do right now I can do a little
throwback we're going to call someone
it's open
Frank howl a little bit open for
business yeah what's up like like Taco
Bell is definitely open right enough is
it call in front of emergency vet
Justin 24 hour emergency vet clinic me
open till 7:00 a.m. opens at 7:00
anybody open 24 hours you big dumb dog
what the foot oh thank you for calling
metropolitan American pre-call robot if
you are experiencing an emergency please
press 1 now that sounds like you I'm
going to a ball deep I have no patience
around thank you for coming - Freddie
how can I help you my bird dog
I'll pull her out of the salt pillars o
1r ok are you able to bring in here I
can pay in there but it might take a bit
I don't even have a skateboard
can't do the same voice English you know
maybe you can bring him here as soon as
possible we could help you in any way
comported I backed him over there I'm
not sure unless I I thought better to
burn glasses ok I'm sorry I don't I
don't know if you can't bring Indiana we
can't help you
I really
I'm still not funny the sword girl okay
I'm gonna have to put it back myself bye
guys
poor lady she just wanted to help me
give my birth I back in his sake okay
let's watch another video so guys like I
said I made videos when I was younger
and then we made this like big comeback
when we were older and had gone through
puberty well maybe not Jake but me this
was our like an ounce of video like yeah
we're coming back YouTube here look at
Jake oh my oh it's such a bad accident
along you know we got good news guys I
think you're going through today it's
not bad yeah I know it definitely it's
like weird I'm in the weird phase my
face was swollen my nose was big jake
hasn't changed at all dude he still
thinks he's a thug and he's still a
whiny ass bitch I'm just kidding guys I
love Jake and he wasn't whiny bitch she
was a little subdued like this kid was a
ball you were kind of awkward I was
awkward how can how can a human being go
we're really excited do I look like I
could do you this videos bad stuff is no
you goddammit a little spat here's the
moral of the story I know we're done
watching it's not what I got a lot to
know enough please don't want to go home
and watch this I'm removing it right now
and don't do it don't do it it's got
70,000 and the videos gone okay that's
vlogs
here's more of the story guys if you
work towards a goal and you keep doing
it even though right now you might not
be good at it like as you just witnessed
one day you can be famous on the
internet you could be a star too Johnny
it's alright if your name's not Johnny I
really can't make jokes if this are my
mind stops functioning okay I keep
pursuing your dreams low gang that's
what we do we are Mavericks you guys
know I love you New York pop-up shop we
are coming this week
the epicness is real we get to do good
vlogging again these next few days
subscribers do not subscribe to in the
fastest and strongest the fact is
growing and strongest family on the
internet is the low gang I love y'all
album see y'all tomorrow take it easy
van
you can be helped by
