I know section you sell a copy of it no
what's up man I'm on the phone with the
guy who edited the second verse yeah say
what's up you're on the vlog I'm going
to release it please let me just Google
Drive it to me if you have it I know you
have it I know you're smarter than that
that's all I need to hear please just
Google Drive it to me positive yeah I
know yeah yeah yeah I got you okay
I am literally on set right now I had to
pause production for an hour just so I
can make this video brother Jake has
gone and dropped another bomb on the
internet true I just have a question
what was up I'm just wondering why the
three of us because like if you if you
guys are here people will think like
we're like a team and like power numbers
you know like friends ah
anyways little background okay Jake and
I were good man we had our B's there was
a second verse the diss track blah blah
blah and then we settle it we were
flying and then he goes and he puts up
this disgusting billboard of me
humiliating me for everyone driving down
Melrose to see I don't love that much in
my faces on it like I love it but I
don't it was funny no I agree it's like
it's just one of those situations where
it's funny but when the fingers pointing
at you it's not funny and just so you
guys know Jake asked me ahead of time he
said hey can you give me permission to
use your photo for commercial purposes I
thought it was gonna be another funny
like harmless prank I wish you told me I
know I know I should have read about you
you're my manager
you called me after that I know I know I
didn't think it was going to be that bad
so being a loving brother I just like
you I want this kid have the best
content on the internet so I gave him
permission to use my image did he show
you that picture no that's the thing
ahead of time he didn't show me the pet
you didn't know that I was going to be
like a disgusting freak wearing his
Mercer I didn't know that I think he
larged your nose too he did yo he did
everything he made me look high he made
my nose bigger and he chipped my tooth
so anyways this pisses me off I'm like
yo coming from a man who says this I'm
so above
that drama and likes and why you got to
go to restart drama little brother and
in today's vlog you play Big Brother
where it's like you know like I love you
bro but like but like I love you dude
but like and it's smart honestly it's
really good tactic but you're saying you
don't want to start drama and just
saying that like oh you didn't think you
hurt my feelings but then you say this
it was going to be a lot worse but they
wouldn't let me like what you're gonna
do
I was going to put send news with your
phone number real my phone number like
don't act like that was all you're going
to do Jake
YouTube has heard this come out of your
mouth so many times I don't want to like
start any drama or like hurt his
feelings I didn't think that like my
biggest bump like brother we get
affected by like a billboard that's
clearly just a joke like I think I'm
just not gonna be able to prank him
please don't prank me anymore Jake if
your prank is consist of humiliating
someone for the entire city of Los
Angeles to see don't do it Jake I act in
movies dude executives from movie
studios are driving down that road and
calling my agency like what the is this
picture oh like you're hurting my career
so obviously I'm gonna want this
billboard down and obviously I'm yeah
like you said I'm buffeted what's so
funny oh no no you just got that Oh Oh
see is he called it that's why I just
thank you could be just out of content a
live at the run I don't know bro and
like regarding you know I I did I'm not
gonna lie I roasted you pretty hard
because I was so mad so I said it and I
also like but I still stand by like dude
I just like and we have our brand our
March the Maverick merch and the lo gang
stuff like it's dope bro I'm trying to
start a movement if people want to
change the world which includes you like
you're clearly changing the world I just
like my quality is like top-notch we're
on top of the roof and then you go and
put me in some pink camo brolic you
can't even smell available right on your
end cards it's not pronounced available
it's a bailable anyways regarding the
second verse and Jake thing like oh how
did I have a copy of Jake's blog today
when K blocks in if you notice before
okay I know you're going to act that is
a setup for the reveal that he's going
to say later like Oh Jake
I saved the the second version we did it
in this video at the beginning of the
vlog that is a setup and then later just
Kate happens to be sitting behind Jake
and he says you're commenting what to do
tomorrow but I thought we might do
something stupid so I made a copy of
whatever here I didn't tell you until
just how Oh Jake like bro your audience
and I believe that we don't believe in
the loving doesn't believe it like this
this face you want us to believe that
come on bro stick to Disney Channel
you're really good at Disney Channel but
I love you bro I love you understand
like don't try to call me and make me
look like the bad guy so then Jake
release the second verse on himself
sharp smart but I'm like I made it
I spent time and money doing it why
don't I just release it you're releasing
it yeah yeah it's about come on probably
like 5 to 10 seconds or so are you sure
yeah I mean yeah ok roll the clip go oh
wait what hold up hold up by the music
stop Oh Molly used to be your chick now
see in the loading and you know Shyama
team those tours eaters man that shit
was just loaded canta tude on your legs
cuz she knew you were loaded i act in
movies that's your fans watch with their
babies didn't play mode I thought you
were my boy yes I have a baby sister
you're trying to be a model to the chat
Neil I'll make another video bow who's
the better kisser it's a coffee intent
is you take 10% of your friends fucked
up shake when the contract I so does a
career it ends that's also a fact are
you matches clutch you couldn't sign the
toll master smarter than you so you have
to replace them with some baddest with a
wig is everyday Pro do you give up at
night we 24/7
you bring the rock right I'm a savage
you are average i'ma beat up going hard
it's all will be the death of you about
to be on the job
