oh boy stickball 100 my good morning
okay was well it is a good day as usual
I did something today I haven't done in
a while can you tell what it is
/ just kidding I'm a virgin but I didn't
work out now here's what that look like
we got my boyfriend another tractor with
you we got my boy Logan Paul - what's up
Logan mark get it hey Gavin yeah wait is
it ah you totally ruined that we got mom
laughs yeah you can't jump from there
you got starter oh no oh come on up you
bro Oh yo Oh hold up now you're gonna
cause some problems bro yeah yeah yeah
fuck you looking for how's everything
cause your ears fantastic good how's
your girlfriend still have one in the
club that why pigeon is wandering hands
no that's to it that's guys
that's called hard work what do you know
about that yo God put life on pause real
quick mom in order to Berger so Evan
this is huge this is one problem bigger
than you bro yeah I don't know what it
is but like seeing this makes me want to
like break a prisoner um
if you haven't subscribe this appliance
we do epic stuff Oh Cassie that's
another Wow second later god it took a
shower clean up it's gone I don't know
what happened but Evan actually fell
asleep kid sleeps like like that's so
quick and he's a heavy sleeper so we're
gonna play a little game it's called how
many taco shells can we put on Evan well
he's asleep
all imbalance
we good I know this is not as good as
you
oh hi maverick your left called Alexei
Tom I know I'm sorry about the cold it's
Ã¦lis fault I'm Everett yeah guys you
saw yesterday's vlog Eila removed my
dogs balls without asking cool thing not
a cool thing you know I know puppy you
can't reproduce but you're still my guy
you have two million followers onions oh
oh great that's just freaky great why
not that's his exact let's go move
already
edible Tom how's it going perfectly fine
I've been taking care of him yeah except
an effective campaign baby literally
humans are honored or one good reason
and what is that Evan makes me go make
babies
exactly ontology when they you're for
this I mean look here's the thing
I may have made the appointment
we have come where to reproduce I'm not
even kidding okay like his puppies to
sell for 20k a pop 25k a pop 30k to
possible million dollars a pop so then
if you could sell it for my spend why
did you miss apply over here for some
hey let's go play call my colleague is
going to grab you real quick Ayla open
your eyes to be fun oh I don't know
you have to sleep on this and smash on
this page will smash baby we're gonna
get you fixed soon yeah then I gotta
learn to play second sixty Yeti but also
I saw why not like customized it out and
like deck it out while I'm getting my
car fixed I'm just hoping the lady that
hit me has like insurance because if she
doesn't I'll be like right I figure
after I find a place and we can like
also customize it at the same time kill
two birds with one stone neither bird is
maverick though anyways man let's go
driver
Yolo gay I want to say one quick thing
we are we are so strong right now guys
we are popping like 5 to 7 million views
per vlog just hit 9 million subscribers
we are well on our way to 10 million the
fastest growing channel on YouTube also
cool cuz my brother's right below me and
we're about to literally set history
like break record the first YouTube
channel to hit 10 million subscribers in
one years log it broke every day 365
Lobster 10 million is good to be in the
low guy
yo another car accident the airbag came
out dude he's so disappointed this guy
okay we design oh my god what is it with
me and car accident I'm not even kidding
guys
it happened one second before Brenda
rolled the camera it's really good
scared dude it happened right in front
of them yeah that was you guys I'm the
first car in this line there's not like
it happened right in front of us I don't
like thank God that wasn't me I'm so
glad they're okay yeah she's just scared
having right next to them Oh am i right
is one of them I thought I thought my
car was that this is what I'm saying
guys like this there's a piece of the
car really good as well like I was
saying when I got in my like accident
things get so much worse man dang this
logs different really serious turn I'm
glad everyone's okay he's fine just he's
just disappointed yeah I'm seeing this
happen it's like literally right in
front of us and both of these
cars are total guys Brennan to naija
todo to boots all right and this car a
steaming airbags I'll everything that
this is not alright let's let's let's
get back in the happy vlog but I never
want to hear you complete again it could
be much worse we're going to fix you and
it's going to be okay and I get it
repaired we're lucky and we're blessed
all jewelry sounds right now with my
cardboard cutout let's see how stupid
here subject one month ago yo yo what do
you plan for Britain what the hell are
you pointing it yo what's so funny what
are you what are you laughing at oh dude
why did you hit my poster Bobby I didn't
know that was opposed to everyone's
actually Hugh what the fuck now we're at
my friend Marc's house hopefully he's a
little bit better of a friend and
doesn't punch me in the face yeah all
right time to get run oh good why don't
you wearing any shoes bro America Josh
are you up you know his cardboard cutout
what the fuck bro I can't leave my
poster come on the move real-life Logan
broke
I come bearing gifts mark is the picture
on the horn
wow I want a horse in my apartment oh no
cuz all your girls are hard oh it's
about a girl in Rowland if it's stupid
jokes
I know you like horses so I got you this
picture oh yeah haha good fun that's
what it is with the boys also who is
that who is that
wait what this is Jacqueline is that
yesterday right Jay Quellin actually how
you spell it
ji c QE l y ou just coming yet just call
you Jack thank you that's a boy's name
no without the K it's a girl oh that's
kind of cute party story guys we've
known each other for how long uh three
years no no no Jack no don't don't put
it in yet it no no no no no no one whose
decision was that to actually put it in
the cut hair no I was disgusting I was
so gross
yeah I would see wedding like a
wildebeest yeah no nice rat face I don't
know if a funny fact check your will to
be sweat and the fat Jack wildebeest
that's way we'll the bees do not sweat
anyways yeah we'll get into how we met
maybe future down the line Oh yo yo yo
to prove to you that she's cool check
this out well I don't know what's going
on here but like apparently maverick is
found loving you guys kiss dude
my boyfriend is oh wow you got a new
fast man Jack if you look over yonder
what do you see over there isn't
happening right here a second time today
- we know let's not let him nap let's
play a game called how many tacos we can
put on evidence I'm so sleepy today bro
I'm so annoyed today bro am I not
annoying every day welcome to Lobo Pablo
make sure to subscribe
yeah she's cool she's cool but you know
what make you even cooler oh boy
whoa we've been through this bro so I'm
scrolling through my answer I mean
YouTube sorry oh Instagram outlet and
balls want to follow me there yeah and I
see this video you literate outta Logan
stop talking what are you talking about
so I click on the video I do want to
address the situation with Logan what
situation we've been good burned if you
don't believe me here's the survey why I
am indeed good broom obviously judging
by the title and thumbnail I'm just
playing y'all I mean not really
okay ah it's okay guys you know it's all
about the views and subscribers I mean
if you're not in the low game though
like does it really matter and all of a
sudden I see this clip of like a
paparazzi uh with Logan on the street
Logan starts talking to the paparazzi
right it's basically talking a little
smack on me not like my parents are
pissed off at me for the neighbors they
were well they were Jake that's an
actually factually actual fact by the
way let me just TMZ Jake catch you out
of nowhere bro like I love TMZ I respect
them I was just going to the doctors for
me they call me other no and if you
watch the interview you can see I'm
being hesitant with my answers because I
was afraid of this exact I was saying
that I was a loose cannon
he's a loose cannon right he's a
lieutenant
Logan you do have a fair point you call
me a loose cannon you want to call me a
loose cannon yeah yeah yeah okay
Jake's a nuke he says he's a nuke not a
loose cannon I got news for you Jake
ball you might be a new I destroy your
own world bro
I take credit and I destroyed them
you'll see like whatever you're dropping
big explosion what I destroyed the
planet
yeah I don't know I don't know if this
is serious I don't know if Jake's gonna
start beef or what but I do know our
saying I love that kid sometimes with
that said dog gosh there's the blog if
you do not have your merch yet join the
movement you know what no no no no it's
not a movement it is a revolution not
even kidding guys we are changing the
world you guys are thinking so
independently and different thinking
outside of the box not listening to
society telling you what you can and
cannot do it's a beautiful thing guys
and you're representing it and wearing
it in the merch it's incredible the link
for that in the description or logo hold
like I'm slash yeah and if you're not
subscribed you know what to do hit the
button subscribe and join the logging hi
guys I love you and I will see you
tomorrow take it easy
are you
