here on Logan Paul vlogs if you are not
subscribed what are you doing bro hit
the buzzer Scott oh wait mom is it my
hold up Brendan oh stop with the plates
we've broken too many plates don't break
that plate let's break into more pieces
every time so since I don't have an
assistant anymore
Evan can help me clean yourself oh oh
come on come on
I don't way to get breakfast cuz I'm a
growing hungry puberty boy oh I see what
is your name same what's it that's my
middle name when a lot of yeah yes
incredible incredible let's go get food
in our stomachs now Jesus I mean here
guys there's only one thing in the world
that I love more than food and that is
I've thought about naming my vlogs like
oh married my breakfast burrito like
gone sexual in parenthesis by Jake
Palmer next item in the agenda we are
taking my man Evan back to the doctor
he's got a really bad ear infection as
you guys know are you good bro no this
is my fourth time going yeah also what
do we got going on across the street
oh man nothing warms my heart than
seeing some local gangsters raising
money for charity biggest Jewish man
you're my biggest Jewish barely my
Jewish audience to think great thing
okay son it's your first day of school
I'm going to the doctor's when I get
back for sure Evan but first let me
shoot you with this merch it's not out
but he hit me in the face so I just said
Wow 12 seconds later literally almost 12
seconds later Evan is done I hope his
ears fix but let's pick up my boy from
school
did I hit you I'm not gonna shoot it
right now bro I know better than to
shoot it in the car
Oh papa beauties come out I was the
first day of school yeah go back
tomorrow no way bro it's been like guys
it's been like as you know four days in
a row I guess the only thing to say at
this point is make sure you subscribe to
join the family lo gang fastest growing
channel on YouTube down here evan is
kind of upset right now I'm actually I
call max someone that I think would
cheer him up a little bit hey could you
promote could you come over for like 10
minutes or so she hung up on me is she
coming over no she hey again could you
just like for 10 minutes could you
mm-hmm-hmm that was quick yeah she hung
up again
hey please my god just please don't tell
me it was just 10 minutes just cuz
everything having trouble here she hung
up on me
is she gonna be home yeah but she said
she was coming over yeah the concierge
texted me that she's on her way up so
she's gonna be here
yeah I'm tall and short what that's not
what multicultural always you're here
not good not good
did you go to the doctor yeah four days
in a row gonna be fit five days in a
road tomorrow
oh you mean hay-zu's Cristo he's so
pleased oh okay
poquito de Caro how do you say I love
you you love me yeah sorry sorry I was
just busy falling in love over here
don't mind me are you taking some
medicine are you taking some medicine
she's uh oh yeah she's Spanish what you
are are you not oh yeah I uh yeah
I can help you with something you need
some food are you hungry
oh yeah I'm starving oh yeah we could go
get him food we did give him an
authentic meal dad final on come on come
on we're going to get tacos you eat
tacos in Spain so this is authentic bro
Evan you're gonna thank me later dude
how about an avocado we also need taco
shells let's play like like it's door
already do you know where the taco
shells are what these must be the taco
shells how do we got your taco shells
and we got two in some avocado no is it
that bad are you gonna stop and wake up
what happened why you have a rope around
your own dick here who's here
take out the verse one verse party
releases second verse yeah it was a
break just stop acting there's nice
bottles of the mad bro myself bro yo ho
you smile at me down I'm just freaking
out ready commander
try to make your way out do hey I don't
have the third verse so what's this
while the rocket wins coming my eyes and
sabotage because weird bro I'm a blogger
at first he was like kind of hurt you
definitely just killed him blog like no
no blog that sweets blog that now bro
what have you done I know a guy okay
bit of a weird one today low game as
usual guys thanks for watching if you're
not a part of the family I'm like I'm
shukran if you're not a part of the
family make sure to subscribe hit the
button join the low gang the fastest and
strongest growing family on YouTube and
get your maverick merch it's fire brown
look appalled that con slash shop or a
link in description guys know this I say
it every day I love y'all and I will see
you tomorrow take it easy fan
my god Logan and Logan's law is sure
it's great
