ah smoke into my dad it's really bad I
thought doctor I was just gonna do it
over
hey y'all good morning okay what's up
it's a good day give me the high five
yeah yeah yeah again we are not wasting
any time today getting right into the
day ie yo if you are watching this and
you are not subscribe do me a favor and
hit that button literally the fastest
growing family on YouTube join the club
okay right now we are going to do some
efforts as usual we are going to
choosing sube we're gonna throw mountain
into in the water by the way guys just
give you a taste of how strong that low
game really is this side right here says
Aloha Logan looks like there used to be
a note or something that is gone on the
other side it says logo blight yeah
we're in the middle of an island in the
middle of the ocean the low gang still
repping Road we still out here bro
walking fast faces pass and I'm home by
and then in there yo the Clinton best
music in the still gotta find some
floaties here everybody this turtle is
awesome ooh yeah guys what do you have
under your armpit sunscreen you are a
beautiful I can hold on yeah yeah what's
he doing yo I'm going to kick him out
you know are you good robe Wow
but the buy all the turtles at the store
I own oh no no sorry turn I also got
this Master Series ukulele cuz I'm
insecure I actually don't have a reasons
we got all the turtles all the turtle
people are looking at it dude
because I'm a dork
guys so it's going down we got ourselves
a situation Louie was trying to buy
these pieces - what's wrong with the
title what he's doing so that's always a
journal I got it thinking don't want my
thank you guys I really appreciate that
it was clearly going to talk to
something you can buy all the tubes you
want Chloe but I'm gonna stick with the
turtle cuz I like turtles
watch out I like turtles
oh yeah here yummy spill it oh yeah oh
yeah literally how are you good
it's really cold oh thanks for you
better girls weird have you fought that
I bought it and I brought it you know do
you want to know how all right oh no no
I'm Chloe that's my ukulele huh
suck my ass oh it's not cold oh it
probably could cook eat I like don't
expect me hey guys how do you kill a
leech in you what doesn't move
yes guys we're about to go through this
turtle apparently it's dark for like two
minutes trillion like I said I'm a
little surprised I know where would you
like this
you guys keep moving to the photo mode
I've set up the firewood I've learned
your hey guys no joke that was a bad
idea guys ah smoke in the monitor did
you really I I was just trying to do the
vlog alright now I am doing it
we can't keep Sam cake we can't be sent
maybe like five yards we think Oh
oh my god yo you guys this is paradise
Oh Lorelai this is what we were in
really bad
yeah that was I
Wow sorry yeah hey did you the drug
thing look oh no one told you bro I woke
up and because haha oh oh oh okay I got
it yeah was it cool bruh
was it cool Brendan it's cool or
anything I'll be famous on the Internet
baby hell yeah
ah bro thank you my man bun thing absorb
our bro
that's good sometimes get your maverick
word tonight 20% discount just kidding
good very well I thought it was going to
break sometimes you get your maverick
much inside but sometimes you get your
maverick version I'm just kidding
sometimes good fun low game that's what
that was I guess we've been driving past
this spot for like two days
well tell every route out of their lungs
you it's fine they won't recognize me
bro so I'm a demo well gang we were like
how cool would it be to rent about comp
out and then ship it to the palace and
have fun I'll take all them have any of
those there you want how are you we're
going to pick a ball top
they said kit but all hours so I'm
really good like you don't know me you
know my demo you're too young I have a
little brother duck you're buying a low
gang jacket still it's amazing you're in
the low gang high-five
what the fuck I'm slash our final
verdict we're going to do this big blue
one over yonder let's see on a fun meter
how much fun this look that's top notch
put it in the bag hey guys how does she
know me she saw my demo yeah this is my
demo I don't know about you I don't know
if you my demo no apparently not only do
they have children who aren't in my demo
on the time and they also have pigs go
away no way there's a wild know this
aisle sorry Brenda just I would hate
everything dude okay
hi piggies hi how are you hi touch me
come on go come on bro just like every
girl I've ever met ever ever be careful
bro shut you up give up their stuff too
so I can't cook you haha oh there's
always going to be below bro anyway me
wiping on me knees then you know don't
touch no disrespecting the Mertz
disrespecting the merge you never
disrespect the murders huh yeah you're a
maverick you're going to change the
world one day look in tears like mine
got that Donald Trump hair and many
whores lied to save you
many of us want plays that come on I'm a
little low game
sure we when we get a house should we
get a mini horse for Evan to ride
comment below if you think so and what
we should name it finally nature that's
the way the board printing why my
manager that's wills board this our
topic damn dude what does why you not
have no what no you oven Wow Oh guys we
are back at the crib Oh Brendan is
testing out this new piece of equipment
we got what is this bro Ronan for the
most stable shots in the game welcome to
Logan Paul vlogs okay I'm about to sign
up the vlog snail oh that's huge run the
snail look it he's going away no
comeback just not good with animals
today dude but you I want this little
snail to come out so I'm gonna put him
down here but as usual thank you guys
for watching I'm excited for the other
slide tomorrow if you are not already
subscribe to the channel boy go out
there and be a maverick kids emerge
because it's lit it up the link is in
the description and yeah it is good day
another good day in Hawaii we're gonna
have some fun tonight and I will see
y'all tomorrow
check it
you tell me Jenny bro look at look at
your brother's my boy
