we made it oh good morning okay what you
guys it is 5:19 in them 5:20 in the
morning right now just got a shower
still my towel actually did enough
reckon hi dude let's go wake the boys up
lights are going ah good morning
brothers we could know what the fuck bro
no bro don't make me take my towel off
bro I'll do it yeah I live a boxes my
god you don't glove lockable Oh full of
it good morning rose Oh Oh with the foul
Jesus Cordia what you gonna lie bro what
I've caused the young doggy bro buddy I
found out you can't come to ye because
they think you have diseases or
something yeah guys since ye is in
Ireland they won't let me bring Kong
without being like $10,000 and Omar
spent way too much money and this
fucking okay guys I gotta keep getting
ready left come on maverick it was gonna
take care of you while I'm gone okay we
know what the I'm in mistake hi is the
real maverick I wonder how are you I
know he was gonna take care you I'm gone
okay let me to go into Hawaii go into
Hawaii go into the light and Evans got a
big dick hey have you ever even been to
Hawaii no now I have once bus back
yeah fun times man anyways we are on our
way to be here but all I got to say is
that you could go home
are you needed good no we are traveling
with other people our friend Sonya and
Colts and my cats May and future ex-wife
Chloe Bennet but I got one question
there's where they had nowhere that Bo
they have over there bro Evan do you see
him bro I can't see anything
whoa I can be there mom what's your
magazine what is the trumps America are
you good bro Ali Bennett reading what
are you mycology today the laws of
attraction this is my favorite the
crossword puzzle grandma Chloe in the
house everyone wears you see Chloe it's
like kind of in the back I like to
humble myself I spit in economy right
where were you sitting economy no she's
in first class she got first I make it
fucking lie bro which is what Oh Chloe
Bennet's right there
bye Chloe course you can young lady
what's your name oh sorry everybody you
guys don't know what you signed up we're
going on a trip with LP are you in the
logo Oh - give Chloe a high five and
then just dab on her stuff all right
why'd you hit that drawer why did you
hit it must be nice being rich boyo
those Sigma oh yeah oh this is good
you're right there we're right here yo
you bro this is the roster Brendan Evan
call serious that's my boy over there
had a great guys look it's the way if
the plane catches on fire I'll be the
first to know
can I say that out loud okay guys we're
about to take off and we just found out
he might not be shipping our bags on
this plane ah okay I'm gonna be
interesting to see how that plays out
also are you good bro hey bro okay it's
definitely not good bro
somebody told me that I wasn't wheels
what kind of kid guys we got about two
hours left
I'm not one heaven to let we're going to
have some really heavy snow with you
next today you've got the stretch Chris
futures doing
also the real reason why I'm here Chloe
came to visit house first class because
we're not there Chloe that's who we're
not there lost in your eyes
oh Jesus
are you good bro what am i sorry I don't
know in the most lenient flight ever
we've been able to do anything let's
just hope I didn't forget our bank
because I don't have to talk first steps
into Hawaii Oh where's Chloe Bennet is
that Chloe Bennet how do you feel about
the bag situation oh the bags aren't
here they're gonna be pissed she has her
back before we left this nation no you
do not know you hope you die
I hope Jeff instead the same thing
tomorrow night if their bags are here or
no I'm just literally book so you're on
so you're going to freak out
calm before the storm right all the
dudes is just in a line we're not even
looking for our bag we're just watching
to see if their bags are coming Cole
your bag made it yeah there's more
excited to see her bag than to come to
Hawaii
I don't think Chloe's bag arrived my bag
did not arrive no did your bag arrived
no and it has my door spills in what the
first door so make me stay being a door
where did the dwarf is so this is the
follow camera following Chloe Bennet
she's looking for her bags right now
she's running now ah son of a bitch man
to that companionship will eat anything
you desire on merch it's true link in
description get your maverick merge oh
boy we got boys you know um man what we
do yo
while we were waiting to get our bags
the girls got something for me Chloe
Chloe Chloe Lamey Lamey or like you
gonna get late it blame me this all oh I
appreciate your hard work I'm glad we
all got laid by Chloe Bennet oh look at
this vehicle fries dang dude what an
interesting start to life no bag is
raining not even big enough for hungry
I'm hungry can we get food then and then
go down yeah oh man look at us getting
food wow so cool okay enough of that
Oh guys we're at the house we spent like
way too much money on this house let's
go check this bad boy out yeah yeah yeah
like that in motion
why won't you fly
Noah it's a villa it's not even a house
yo this this is my deal
you'll come great
I'm not gonna lie
there's no IDC rusty I want to sweat my
dick off so I asked a guy oh there it
was the air conditioning he goes oh this
house does haven't I'm worried about the
girls room I know they're like oh hmm
good choice welcome back master don't
okay I don't know what I'm doing why was
I taking charge of honest honest epitome
um no air conditioned he knows we spent
so much money on this wedding we were in
a hot car like like between Logan and
Chloe like some clogging types like
would you like are we staying here so
guys obviously this is incredible but
what's better than a pool a pool with
the flow do no fall bro
why bro guitar outside fine the house is
waves we have each other so we're going
to figure this out and exactly what
we're doing do you guys know me when I
go on trips or whatever like they need
to be like top-notch so I have a Hawaii
expert coming his name is his name is
Sam he's a legend on the island but yeah
what they're doing when did you get
these next four days are gonna be
absolutely crazy man like who knows I
might be like Jake Paul by the time I'm
done
also I just want to point out we don't
even have a bathing suits yeah yeah so
go choice dude what is my boy wash
approach give me one second count to one
and good that's not far without a little
man doesn't feel like a man up suck at
everything
oh my gosh there's so many activities
you can do here guys like a sharpened
million behind go seek where's ever dude
ya guys agony lay join okay ah you put
ice my butt thank you bro I don't know
if you missed the memo but the house has
no air conditioning so this feels really
refreshing guys good news our legend is
here Sam Potter nice to meet you good
high five I know that's a freshman
something this is the wall out there
noggin popular all right so the man Sam
do you have plans for it bro I got some
plans but you got topknots plans or like
like shop not by our universe when you
get hydrated stunts oh you got coconut
what are you doing
I swear to god you're the guy in the
movies that ever girl cheats on their
husband do it that's you dude before we
came to this trip I was like damn like
Chloe by Nickelodeon type thing I'm kind
of fall in love with Sam I think for to
be slogan slogan flow hahahaha what's
your date night
that's sweet pussy are you put that in
there is I got in there yeah it'll be
squeak me I picked up the honest I'm
probably kiss you
Oh better word often I like it but like
he goes was it too easy just set me up
that was a classic a lot real it's not
here's my fault no Sam was in that tree
bro yo what's in that tree
pies oh he's a song about this you go
whatever look it's for playa
yeah we are about to finish off the
night by going cliff jumping yo yo
let's see what's going on here we got
the classic drink in the hand or you're
also carrying chips you're a walking
mess you're walking my say although is
it going down you're writing here we go
wait what really all the moms doing that
yeah this is the move ro icicle mark
Chloe got places to be cliff that need
to be jump let's go cult yeah I
appreciate his like half enthusiasm to
be in my vlog he at least made a noise
for me
oh good fun that's where that one salmon
just spot like litmus level like we
would say wow I was high because I
didn't catch this is reading this a
dangerous sign here what you need to
know before you enter the first one many
people have drawn here good thing I'm
not a people I'm a vlogger didn't you
know being from Hollywood you know being
an actor vlogs it's not often you get to
go outside and go actually experience
nature or a fucking again so what I do
go I make sure to say fuck me as many
times as possible is it over there sense
also convenient how you just pop out of
the bushes probably made it was all
locating we made it to the spot as you
can see Hawaii as always looking
beautiful the Sun is setting right there
not gonna lie it took some fire pictures
myself my dad Logan Paul if you want to
follow me there I don't know what it is
about like views like this maybe it's
maybe it's cuz I'm around my friends
understand it really just happy relaxed
place right now what you guys noticed
about me I work really really hard but I
know I don't want to say that I do but I
enjoy it that's the thing for me luckily
I have found what I love to do like
genuinely love to do and I get to do it
every day and the fact that you guys
like it literally means the world to me
I heard that as always to keep pushing
to find what it is that you love so
every day you can wake up knowing you
want to work hard but you don't have to
work have exchanged the world baby okay
crazy inspirational anyway guys that is
the vlog if you are not subscribed make
sure to subscribe these next couple days
is going to be crazy this landscape is
incredible and yeah guys I will see you
tomorrow as usual take it is it hot what
those weird
