Slash's routers were driving back - good
morning new painting with ok I don't
know what I'm doing but yeah look at
this y'all saw it yesterday this is the
most lit thing ever maverick holding USA
flag riding Kong sorry guys it's the
morning I'm trying to wake myself up two
days actually
oh yeah the last day of my movie valley
girl literally the last day guys it's
exciting it's sad it's my first big
feature film that's going in theaters
I'm so excited for you guys to see this
next year and on another very very
positive note you guys are swooping up
the merch like hotcakes bro you're going
out there you're being Mavericks yeah
guys we have legit started moving we are
the fastest growing channel on YouTube
for the past month so if you're watching
this and you're not subscribed you're
not a part of the low getting first of
what you doing the second off hit the
button bro subscribe because we are
clipping my Tony
the feeling is just gross bro makes me
so angry I just wanna break something
that's like conveniently placed there
here's the way I see it dude if you're
not breaking plates like what are you
doing with doing oh we gotta guess what
what broke what did you do nothing
my heart when you tell me you're not
gonna marry me
heylia all i remember i was cutting my
toenails and then a plate broke
why because you were oh because your
toenails aren't the same now you know
wonder if dr. big time
oh I did oh yes it was fun having a
toenail but now it's gone I don't need
it ya know I had to make them
symmetrical on both sides of my toes
good morning
Kappa ho come on no have a kiss no no oh
yeah
are you mad we got some ones here don't
be mad
okay what does a stop those tubs those
you does did you ring my doorbell
what who put these does here bro what
you set yourself up for that but more
importantly we got I have to go to set
in like 30 minutes
that's why I can't take care of them
let's bring them to say yeah we're hope
let's brew man Chloe's trailer bro we're
gonna put him in my cast in ease Chloe's
trailer we're gonna prank
everyone bro
okay locating before I had to set I'm
actually gonna introduce maverick to the
Ducks
yes he's never seen or like been in the
presence of another bird now I don't
know if they're domesticated or what the
deal is but I do know they don't got a
$5,000 diamond ring on the ankle hey
guys got mad at the parrot he's a legend
on Instagram I think you're hard to do
that he does see what does in maverick
is I'm a bird bro
I do okay you could be a maverick huh
look Mavericks chillin bro Marik's
chillin Maddox chillin are you good bro
here at quick someone give him the
service here you go here's your survey
some friend what's better than one down
Judah how's it going in they kind of
don't hurt no gods
hang tight doves I got you you want to
follow me to settings about helping each
other my girl these doves are heavy
okay the doves are loaded let's go two
seconds I'm late it's must
okay guys I am pulling up right now I'm
actually shooting in that limo today
which is gonna be sick but yo I'm
sitting here thinking Brendon what are
the chances they steal our doves dude
who's gonna steal our doves I don't know
the guy that we left it does with he
could leave oh what's that
are you vlogging with the iPhone yeah
you know this vlog if you see a kid with
doves could you let him in logo for life
okay guys I'm in my trailer waiting to
get called to makeup I said Brendon to
go look for the kids because I realized
a game the wrong address
can't lose our doves okay let's go get
some makeup good morning what are you
doing you doesn't no one in this trailer
is good well okay straight up they don't
know how to vlog Logan doesn't know how
to be flattering yo guys it's our last
day on valley girl what do you think pay
attention to my blog it's the last time
I get to say this but Mickey's coming
back
no you didn't give me anything
put it back what is it you actually got
me you got me you get Oh Chloe I'm
opening this up guys it's a picture what
is it make a picture no no no no I hate
you Chloe Bennet so misleading cuz on
the packaging it says heart C B and then
it's just a straight that's to you
before my time lapse was rudely
interrupted how close is making the beam
back Mickey's back hopefully Brendan's
back Brendan Brendan boo
the seed has been planted all we have to
do now is wait for Chloe to walk into
her trailer hey Chloe are you going to
set around yeah you don't need anything
from your trailer anything I just
wondering like I just want to make sure
you don't forget mine I just found them
how can I act this is a good prank I
think oh my god
are you in love did you pull over
because you love me is that us been
making like a heart they are making a
heart what is happening in my life am i
honey ready Hinds your mullet and like
I'm packing my ass up Chloe loves
banging your ass oh where did you get
those birds if I tried to explain to you
I couldn't not even car you take them
out look it
I didn't put them there are you going to
take them out if I'm sitting here so you
can take them out I think I stopped yeah
100% first poop everywhere I don't know
what she wants me to do this is like at
this point it's out of my hands
time to go act in a movie baby it's just
a bird just a bird I'll okay just a bird
he's cool you're good khlo Chloe it's
just a bird
no he's chill look at him he's like it
was Gucci am i in love with Chloe no no
definitely not I feel stupid holding a
bird all dressed as Nikki have you
excuse me
the Logan wants to see no bro I know
Birds I have a bird he's children never
mind hi guys so we are shooting the way
what what my face is funny it's like you
guys don't see this but before he goes
in starts long he goes like this he goes
because I gotta get warmed up like my
mouth I want to stretch it out anyways
chilling with the doves they are white
ale is in white and I'm about to put on
my white prom outfit yeah I mean for the
movie yeah are you good bro I'm good hi
everybody
ha I bought a dove Ashlee I brought it
dove dude that's the reaction I'm
looking for
oh you got it Ayla I don't know what I
was thinking bringing that dove in here
I can know exactly what I'm saying I'm a
blogger Brooke and you'd safely take the
dump and put them back in the trailer
can you set dubs free yeah we should do
some epic go you should watch and learn
Chloe Bennet oh you got the myrrh got
the merch
how are you what's your name save there
we go little guy Logan Jake Paul I put
Logan Jake Paul I don't know why can you
say what you want me to do so I don't
get arrested you I want you to stop my
facebook income oh god be a maverick
hey I respect that oh you got a date oh
it's time to go set I gotta go make a
movie last day valley girl catch it in
theaters 2018
all right guys we did not finish the
last scene but we're gonna release these
doves anyway see only because it's
getting dark and otherwise it just won't
look cool thanks Ella also fulfilling
what are they so scared though but these
to symbolize the amazing time we've had
here on the set of valerie girl and also
like and subscribe be free does i really
be free dubs be free this is amazing
oh they're gone Oh a Polaroid of the
duck you're actually I'm appalling for
you here Chloe take that it's just a boy
no I really don't want to go it's really
I find it disrespectful I just think my
doves were better dude we got a movie to
finish you let's do this in film this is
what they call the martini show martini
shot like it's the last shot after you
take a martini drink in I'm pretty sure
this is weird this is such a weird
feeling
yo this is crazy bro my first big movie
done feel like like you guys know I've
been grinding bro everyday bro I need a
vacation or something and who better to
go on a vacation with me
hi Chloe Chloe did you rap I didn't
touch you dude I didn't even quake you
know they're free now though to be to be
lovebird yo okay I have an idea
me and you marriage YouTube I have my
here's my real idea though you just
wrapped yeah what if what if you go
somewhere
like somewhere like super romantic like
we could go to Ohio yeah that's where I
want to go that's right when I go after
this long move shooters oh hi okay no
okay better idea I actually put like a
little bit of thought into this Hawaii
you mean you wanted a wire right now no
not right now we'd have to like maybe
like in a day the tomorrow the next day
you wanna go to why tomorrow
two days give me let's go in two days
are you gonna book it are you gonna plan
the trip i soda why you think are you
joking with me I'm not it Logan thinks
that like I'm not down to like do crazy
she's a grandma
like January overalls with a giant front
pocket I've never seen a frock at this
big and I've seen you think that I won't
go you think that I want agree I think
you know I don't think you're
spontaneous how big you're a maverick
look don't even test me I will go book
me a ticket
actually I don't know I'm a book
everything for you and we're going to
where you build a okay second up first
movie ever and what about you yeah
question for you would you be down to go
to Hawaii really in like two days like
just go the actual Hawaii act of why bro
guys we got the squad I do why is that
maverick spirit boy let's go on that no
my voice is cracking off that nolo gang
that is the vlog dad that Valley girls
over happy you guys get to see it next
year maybe May or June but I can finally
dedicate my life to vlogging again just
making the most awesomest best content
ever on YouTube for you guys a little
bit of time Hawaii's gonna be sick if
you were not subscribed man join the low
gang the fastest-growing family on
YouTube get your low getting at maverick
merch the link is in the description and
I will see y'all tomorrow
take it easy fan
alright guys so we are shooting the way
what
