hello good morning okay guys I'm a mess
I'm a mess of a big hot man here's what
I feel right now did you know that what
I'm gonna shatter for I don't know
plastic shatters like glass sorry
what's wrong Ayla when yes now uh
blogger no I walked out for literally
five seconds and there's already another
man I said I'm a mess of a mess I'm a
big hot mess
oh my goodness that I was why did you
break this I threw it on the ground
replay yeah crazy right on a plastic
shatter like that you know yeah okay so
I mean I'm out here dude okay well thank
you well I'm talking about on paparazzi
talking blog are you good bro you know
why you're in this cage Kong you were
being a dirty dog you were being a bad
pup no no don't kind of me crying and
stuff he was eating trash and making a
mess gotta have discipline okay I got a
shower okay I shot that was easy I got
this thing in the mail it's a painting
someone painted this for me it is
absolutely incredible
I would probably pay like $100,000 for
this painting and they made it for free
because they're in the low gang yo I
freaking love the look Evan will get
this painting bro look at it waiting
what Oh yo look at the young doggy
it's maverick waving an American flag on
his bling ring on legit the nicest
painting I've ever been given or maybe
even have like seen in my life
I love you yo insane right yo the artist
is Claire Hyland
island Islands high and landing Claire
hi Randy commercial maverick bro bro bro
okay dude like you're unbelievable nah
bro you're going down in the books
that's what I'm saying thank you he's
going
and what home one day all this will be
yours Claire Islands bro don't you a
little squiggly why didn't I don't know
hey listen I'm handy Tyra's rose shook
all flustered but I'm happy that we're
in this closet look Randi call me Santa
Claus I get it
we don't Ella I'm being a picture will
you marry me what will you marry me
no okay hi guys so he's given actually
has doing today's vlog
Logan you guys know that the Maverick
marches fire not only because it's
literally the most comfortable thing in
the planet Earth Everdeen so I Hey wha
what we marry it also as long she's not
but because being a maverick actually
means something like I think I'm gonna
get this tattooed on my body not yet
like I want to know what the low dank
things and where you guys think I should
get options oh I wouldn't have it any
other way
well you're not his mom because you're
not taller than all right no you're not
Evan Evan there's only one thing to do
with this cake Oh will you marry me
No
okay I had my team yo can you suck I
can't say what this log of the box I had
my team find out who spent the most on
merch in Los Angeles who are the biggest
little gangsters who are the biggest
Mavericks and that's right here so I
decided I wanted to surprise them and
hand-deliver them their Mahr to the low
gangsters let's do the bad things that
make you the shit
if you drive a Mini Cooper you're the if
you put ketchup on top of your fries
instead of dipping them you're the shit
color-coding your skills before you eat
them you just the point is on myself
that was random okay guys we are going
to deliver the first round of mercy
oh-ho are you good for you good pump was
just cooling do you know why'd you tire
him out what did you do to the hole
that's not touching my pets potholes not
doing that they're really gonna start
thinking I do that I'm gonna do it
hopefully happen
there is no Clint it's gonna be a blank
page the thing is what's the name of the
first guy we're delivering merch to
Madhav's mister phony money mailer
nothing while you're laughing like a
little schoolgirl we just got her milk
money
actually do you drink milk guys in LA
everyone drinks almond milk oh okay well
I'm just gonna go fuck myself you're at
back okay where you and the dogs gonna
be awkward if he's not home we don't
know if he's home is it all Eila I'm
gonna have you two not playing this you
will do a live here we go I hear music
is everything this is dope it's a little
check
I don't your thank you for those like
what will you marry me okay
not here but you got work
oh but you revenue yeah what up you in
the low game yeah yeah I'm up wake up
boys they got March they bomb what
muscle gang said no are you good
here is what you guys think I'm doing
you the question hasn't even been asked
like a little I am a husband so any
guesses why me I brought murder
okay so Dobbs at work I'm thinking about
going to his work like just showing up
and giving him the merch tisn't of your
brother
yes only Dodger dad he's the one who
bought there isn't much for you or your
dad oh we got the collapse maverick
black-and-white di yeah that's from
wrong with one of you Savage there you
go go you got out I know you're all well
okay but we are here with that teacher
they go I also brought this dude is that
new logo wrong you want to take this one
there we go yo person oh thanks - I
tried I'm stove lager Dee why didn't
they say the merchants for them after
asking an entertainer director writer
producer you forgotten super humble
things you need to know about being
humble actually wait there's more this
is what you need to know kids through
things I know I am Logan and out here
one thing I know I'm not Jake Paul
that's what you need to know about being
humble
goodbye born via maverick state seven
Caprice guys okay look what we got
what's next like okay Lily like Kong and
Ayla
no no but speaking oh my god yo he's
caring oh no he's Caitlyn yeah no really
Valentina I got a gift for you help your
home how do you feel about sizes you
think you ever marry me Oh two hours
later they're not actually you should
call me Paul
oh my what else we've been doing a Libra
she literally just a nagging constant
color I'm just going to get this one
final point I'll show ya my name is
Logan Paul blog I'm here to hand-deliver
your marks for the vlog or additional
related to Velveeta and successfully
content amen
okay you know you're going to go get
obviously you bought the merch I'm just
going to leave this outside your door
stay good bag look I'm a blogger bro
that's the risk we take most sometimes
you look don't always work out we still
do remember we received an order from
you for maverick words we're calling
turn left on website for clothing
maverick loading fabric by Logan bull
it's by Logan Paul mammoth bellows and
Paul Patrick bellowing for your studies
so close just you got it I'm sorry the
warden Matt was my Logan Paul
oh I'm shifting we're calling now I had
it oh okay well I was just calling you
ahead of time just to check we were to
see if you were home we were going to
hand-deliver to order for you okay
perfect so um we're going to surprise
her with all of the stuff on the
Maverick merch bye Logan Paul okay bye
thank you we'll see you residence Wow oh
ha look at us using our brains call it
ahead of time
good job Ayla hello I did manual here
yeah
oh no he that way hey see you next door
you know he's like that oh you guys
order yeah okay wait how'd your dad I
always think you order the things yeah
I'm here that a handle
here yeah I'm more surprised than she is
what's your name Shh hi I'll know you
miss me Joe you're the low gang I came
to bring you your Bert I'm talking
hand-delivered Trish be good yeah
they're making me nervous
I open a door here just like Hiles like
we knew each other from like high school
you know and I would high school in Ohio
we're not in Ohio you guys do you know
he's gonna roll the clip
there is no clip Ayla yo where's that
kid hey I'm Logan yo check this out
that's your that good good black and
white map emerge Georgia doesn't point
of view you are that's my voice did your
boy matter hoodie classic here so we got
that also all copy embarrassing you for
my fan and then the last the special
edition that knew Logan Paula
I just brought I didn't order it but I
just brought it for you later go yo give
me a hug I I'm gonna get out of your
house is kind of creepy you're my fault
thank you for a being in a low get be
watching vlogs c BM ever that's why
everybody I love you you're screaming
when I Eve like what Oh probably just
nervous they didn't know an actor enroll
today I open the door like nothing I was
like waiting for a shock but she thought
you she like didn't know what to do like
people get that way they're sick bro if
I shot if I showed up at my own door me
personally I would punch myself in the
face like what the food guy you and you
would you have smashed you think oh
let's go home guy hey this is our last
person listening I said Carol Carol yeah
I'm kidding
go what go hey what all right loser
address but you wouldn't do anything
we're we're giving fans about the most
core stuff you do you said you do this
thing right
they were fans who bought the moat most
merge with I'm hand-delivering is doing
well yeah I was always a beer
it's kind of hot here isn't it hey do we
have the right address technologies Real
Talk - Halen what like I don't know how
we ended up it did you just Joe no do
you have like a new remaining 30 Carol
that's already see what I do I lost my
credit card last week so I need my mom's
to buy the merch
wait what you bought my merch I mean I'm
always been a supporter like go get your
life bro information two years so he
could've just asked the group you're
like one of my best friends like oh
you've been bitching oh you bought a lot
of this is weird mark yo what element it
was a new carol mom's credit edited
hahaha
yo so that was weird I was gonna go home
and sign off the vlog but yo my friend
Curtis Lepore got a little monkey your
watch you have a little monkey in the
hood he just he's real small right now
but he gonna get bigger no Curtis I
literally can't believe what I'm seeing
what's his name Sherlock like Sherlock
Holmes yeah like Sherlock Holmes bro
he's on a case dude I'm pretty sure at
one point he was there no no he looks at
a reflection that you know I had a dose
long today my vlog gloom is just
increased by hundred times I have a
painting of maverick riding Kong if we
just put him on in real life like a
quick babe understand yes I'll do it for
yourself oh they could definitely do it
gonna be the greatest blog ever Yolo
gang you have that to look forward to
little Sherlock riding conk joy okay
Logan
the blonde a you guys know I love
meeting you it was a pleasure that I was
able to deliver ezel oh it doesn't
whoa whoa just cuz get in one fight it
can be in the mall no no no you weren't
around
ow I was weirded on merry Noel if you
gettin that you know pop off the vlog
robe leg straight up all the volume
function for BMI recording can I see it
right now
I just don't know like you know okay you
know what guys I got a deal with if
you're not subscribed make sure to
subscribe get your merch link is in the
description go out be a maverick be
unique be different I will see y'all
tomorrow
take it easy
Oh
