it is going down today okay populate
there for some reason you're watching
and you're not subscribed what are you
doing though joined a local miner good
morning Oh mmm mmm Evan what the farmer
boy what are you doing man what are you
doing bro we got banana s'more bro yeah
you're right nice pun dude your wish oh
you can't be now grow last night yeah
weird
okay lo que we got a new to-do list
number one we have to work out hello
what hey what are you doing yeah are you
good wrong no I have no idea what happy
know what I don't understand what you do
I don't know how he can reach happier
way yeah this is we aren't weird
Houseman stop you to get a lot okay yeah
okay interesting start to today of your
staff of blogging I'm a blogger right
good morning Carl hi come on puppy
that's my bushes now he shuts up okay
Phil zoella Ivan I need a work no I mean
you need Natori huh that says tour oh
you know it's working is it's working
out while it's working
what's up okay little gang all jokes
aside we are here to work out but today
it's going to be a little work out and
then we'll a little
Oh like I'm in like short like the work
at you joy oh no no quick it's gonna be
quick okay my man boy have I got a
surprise for you
do you like competition yes do you like
wrestle yeah you're like kids and dudes
in the mouth
oh yah we are going to we are you good
forearm dog I'm Vlad I'm always gonna be
a blogger car we were invited to go to
the WWE Raw event tonight in Los Angeles
yeah dummy dummy dummy dummy
can you one-handed clap rope hi guys
we're at the Staples Center right now
well we are on the grass under caca
groundhog let's shoot a joke anyway I
guess they're backstage guys were
underground y'all roses superstars are
like big guy huge muscle like I thought
you were they
antwuan mean you big little bit did oh
thanks dude yeah well we got here Oh
what up G welcome to the vlog actually
welcome to the backstage of WWE and
you're with the most must-see WWE
Superstar of all time and what are you
doing back here I'm vlogging my life way
every what you doing realize that no one
is allowed to use cameras backstage
because what we do here is not a joke
and it's not funny
well I'm not even I wasn't laughing I'm
a blogger you are laughing I'm smiling
I'm not laughing
any further there are thousands of
people out there waiting at the Staples
Center not for you why the most must-see
WWE superstar of all does that you like
you're not invited to come out with us
Evan what wait what do you know rough
start to the WWE day well Oh gang yo I
walked in here and for sure I'm my gamma
cool guard now he's got me thinking bro
he took my roommate nobody takes my
roommate I feel out of place dude I mean
it's 11 and Latino quickly oh so clever
was like what a stroke part of me
doesn't blame him this place is totally
realized oh you're not get out of here
where did you go
we went to David Foster let's or not
thousands of tickets Iraqi out there did
not anything whoa hey hello hi incoming
blowing this because yeah are you very
heaven down there Joey from way from
real with like wait what's waiting from
with the middleman why I'm gonna line up
I want to take it back to her yo are you
know happy I left my boy my boy my boy
what what what what's going on for life
is smiling like smirking like that what
happy oh oh my god
oh can I treat you well from a good news
that he's as much good
whoa whoa well good news what is fun has
become the newest member of pilots
worldwide all right I gotta line up I
just wanna look bad yesterday I'll be
responsible for all the little people
all over the world it is to win emerge
so he Gummer's having this didn't happen
huh no mr. Jeffries loser okay I will
have a new GoPro okay
okay but what the fuck
I don't know what it is about me that
like I don't know if I'm coming off
wrong way maybe it's my hair they keep
taking my friend and I like they're not
letting me participate
it's just tough for me you know yeah
well I'm sure they probably has remained
how attached your friend are you like a
very advanced or you feel like we
complete each other well can you just
step off and like stop happening
I try and your big guy they're big here
y'all go big here I don't know what kind
of milk they're drinking by the way who
are you
I'm Logan nothing yeah and put it into
this bottle vloggers out loud they
resting tonight no I'm not resting down
no sir how you ended up in my chair
I think I'm going to know okay I'm a
hugger bars
guys I'm salty right now but the good
news is I ran into some okay no no you
guys are in the Logan yeah yeah right so
what's one of your favorite things about
the vlogs what do you like a lot of the
pranks are lit right - lit we got we got
the most lips right yeah Evan Evan % yo
did you putting Evan yeah we're here
I could talk I see all the Rings I feel
like in another mile oh you're getting
me bro but don't be mad are you good bro
yeah I'm you did Nate where did you even
go I think I'm going smashing without me
I don't know yo this is Peyton oh you're
gonna be killing each other
y'all are you good oh there you go get a
bag oh these guys are doping my favorite
part about this gotta be this man's hair
you got a dope out of hair guy
Oh
Oh
yeah
Oh crazy long as you arrest me it's
tough anyways I want to talk to you for
a sec bro like off the vlog like what's
your deal bro he's still vlogging we
made I see it
a final took this camera only I'll let
you deal well like this still can't
write their volume that's not a camera
that's Brendan and yeah president
holding the camera every question Evan
what's your heel broke with what like I
brought you to the event and you go and
run off and ditch me bro okay the girl
that came up
yeah totally within the mean what do you
oh she was easily a 1000 who was feeling
my hair though the girl yeah no but what
about the dudes bro were they tend to as
admit oh yeah took me to the zoo they're
gonna do David but no chance he took you
to do both hillary acted oh no kid you
know is it anything what is your
favorite animal what's your favorite
animal time
look the tiger oh you wanted a I feel
like I want to rush you think that Jesus
mother of gut yo yo back off as at first
don't you riled up alright look at my
hair normally doesn't fall in front of
my face like that now it is yeah fuck
your tiger hahahaha
something to do this next up Bo Doe
number two I really love your wrestle we
put that I don't know I know I didn't
never use it don't worry is for you I'll
put it up there oh Jesus yo you know
what
put on your costume son
yo where's Ayla with my costume that was
convenient
hi Ayla yo what do you got got that good
good come on give me that something
broke Louisa cotton yo please tell me to
give me a Mario costume
yo I hate you I you so much that's all
you have it's funny you said funny in
quote Logan get something funny that's
what I got you
I did say that
you mess with the cheese man I feel like
I'm gonna went to Harvard out with it so
you go go you got oh no I feel bad I had
them too hard that time posed to feel
like I'm getting glitter all over the
grout the stupid tooth for Alfie bro
go to the floor bro I literally just had
with the floor off the vlog weight off
the water well I need you tonight
I advise just know to go to non-video
Oh what you guys think I'm afraid of a
little chores what vibrator with those
chores when we got here wanna try and
hire me
here we go have any luck now oh yeah we
got a noise complaint ever Luigi
mushrooms
we got to keep it down brother neighbors
oh good
oh my lantern would you done key later
bro what's your deal huh
okay sorry
I guess I'm sorry too man I shouldn't be
so controlling with you oh not again but
I am your roommate damn right
okay low gang that is the vlog bit of an
interesting one today but I'm just glad
me and my boys are boys again yeah I'm
glad you're glad to Ralph scoff do this
god damn it Roger hit and fight again
I'll do it like I'll fuck you oh this
I'm glad to if you're not a part of the
low gang make sure to subscribe and join
the family and as usual man go out be
different be unique be a maverick yeah
yeah I will see y'all tomorrow
yeah you like that life
