yeah I'm just I don't wake up good
morning Evan okay come on in Brandon
okay
a big merger merge in the ghetto you're
the sign looks so sexy
yeah we're just how you change in the
world being different don't worry about
it all right guys I'm hyped up because
I'm about to do something you guys know
I haven't done in a while like what good
lady no I'm about to go work out lots of
traveling grinding whatever but now I'm
go home I this is getting ridiculous
that's a public hotel yeah I breach
through they can they're waving at me
pissed off which one this one over here
he's like damn bro I'm happy with these
low gangsters someone give this man the
survey Oh what is that a lie good
morning okay just come to suppose
mmm-hmm what are you doing a li gonna
shoot some merch yeah you you don't need
to I'll just buy it on Logan Paul calm
slash shopping and description anyway
okay let's go well if it isn't my boy
George Jake oh oh oh
joking aside even from my boys off the
shirt oh yeah saying I'm against it but
let's work up
Oh yo Logan your boys
poop dude I don't know what happened but
that first workout back was up yeah but
hey I got in there I pushed myself you
gotta start somewhere and you boy get it
girl
anyways I feel like now's a good time to
bring this up I'll just talk about merge
this and merge that this morning okay
how do I say this y'all are literally
destroying the website we have the
contest with the Yeti going on if you
don't know that reference here's the
Yeti it's my new car it's the quag and I
said if you bought mercs in the next 48
hours I would put ten of your names on
the interior and fly two of you out to
take a ride with me so because of that
we are going to extend the contest
another day yes another date if I murder
the infamous famous exclusive maverick
back pack has officially sold out I know
I knew this was gonna happen
yeah I'm sorry guys they're gone
hopefully they come back soon I don't
know but that's just now a collector's
item also here's the funny thing if you
guys remember this at the New York City
pop-up shop oh no not that Logan you're
crazy
we got the staff shirt this is actually
this is not ever gonna be available
someone put that staff shirt on even if
you look at this screen charater
currently it's at 623 to Huffman's yeah
I'm just yeah you want to be stopped
that's cool anyway hello gang y'all are
jealous that you I do I'm a good diet
owner officer daddy just say dad owner
hi hi are you throwing shit at me stop
before I start twerking on you look
you're a good bird give me a gun talk to
you later
was it yours naughty dude it's my heart
there's food there I'm like 100% I'm
eating it oh okay yo you guys have been
standing across the way for like three
hours now that maverick spirit obviously
y'all deserves some merchants give us a
little test we got the new co2 tanks
that Eila brother saw so we're gonna
shoot her with it I think went over her
head I have accurate Legum accurate what
it didn't even hit you replay this one
her shoot that would hit that whenever
they hit it's close it's all in fact
it's not soft this merch in the game you
have nothing to be scared of so funny
cuz she's so tiny like literally filled
moping Oh
Ellis still things to hit her in the
face like we cut and like it no it Eila
she's like looking at her face way you
read dammit is ready it's a red rose
gold actually video replay I don't know
guys what do you think comment below if
you think I just I'm kidding let's get
this pizza Merc
you guys gotta stay quiet otherwise I'm
gonna get kicked out literally these
people watch all of my vlogs so I'm
probably getting kicked out anyways but
I'm a maverick bro I can't be stopped
the key is to be discreet about this
I got huge guns and they're pretty
discreet job turnaround shoot it in
bounce I never thought I'd actually use
a bag of rubber bands the best decision
I've ever made gonna do it right this
time this is gonna be a while I roll
this up I genuinely want to apologize to
my apartment complex I'm not a bad guy I
just do fun things and society tends to
frown upon that wear this shirt for a
reason guys like I'm a maverick I don't
really listen to like what society deems
is like regular or normal or acceptable
I do my thing baby oh oh take two I do
it for the low game three to that one
made it high we both you got it you got
it I'm like hiding behind a lie no she's
not much of like like what y'all think I
got it yeah I got fun things and we're
gonna open up Kayla okay so what do we
got here what at all but I know what it
is Ayla
that box literally tackled you I swear
are you good both I'm gonna make them
get me three thousand dollars here I got
you something
it's the survey you good bro think about
it you don't have to answer now I don't
know what are you doing with your life
like in general Kenobi's boxes Ayla oh
yeah okay so here's why this is exciting
it's a new camera guys so this is my
current camera taped up nice and janky
like Frankenstein little baby this is
the new one oh it is beautiful okay
anyways that's a good time catch ela she
didn't catch it in her hand
she caught her look I'm gonna wind up
getting another new camera for you
tomorrow probably anyways here's the big
one I'm not gonna lose that you're not
mean oh you're funny
okay here's the big boy dude I'm the
last one to join the party of drones
look it's it's a drone that's really all
it is but Brendan I know you know how to
fly a drone you do the drone shot in
these vlog and do it how can you teach
me I can try honestly that's all I can
ask for I'm a good student I feel like I
can learn to fly it into Jake's house
one day just like straight into the door
just okay yeah you're my coach Rose it's
not an easy job is this hard it's not
that bad but drones don't like being
indoors or in my stead oh oh oh that's
actually my middle name so that's cool
okay thank you for your input not needed
it's not true you go first Brenda oh oh
this is dumb
are you recording this is so cool
Brendan you're really good at this damn
bro you got skills
Oh doh hi dude I think I should give it
a shot heaven can you can you shoot this
for me yeah I'm not a good angle
it's like low but why are they I don't
need it how do I work this drone first
up to you guys start your engine that's
good enough for me picture rats animal
just getting on back
I did he might doubt one day these very
good
I still recording is great okay well
I'll get better at this eventually let's
cut to the next thing that I know you're
waiting to watch this video for so as
you guys may or may not know my brother
I Jake Paul is his name he's been
receiving a lot of heat as usual like
the second wave of Jake Paul hate has
officially begun second third fourth
fifth maybe six we don't know at this
point my brother is very easy to hate he
might be the easiest person to hate on
the internet which is toughy I thought I
took that position with my blonde chachi
cockiness and ego but apparently not
Jake he's getting hated out a lot for a
news report that this local news station
did on him where he's just uh I'm just
gonna react okay paper hood because of
complaints from neighbors this is a
story you will see only on 5 I've got
that exclusive drop respected internet
sensation I do too just so everyone
knows you can find them on youtube.com
slash Logan Paul vlogs don't forget to
subscribe anyway I feel like this whole
thing I'm just going to turn it into a
competition I'll get into that later but
okay my neighbor's hate me but I'm still
gonna flip and send it the guy clearly
has no idea what savage Savage what do
you mean what is this seven about
tossing furniture into an empty pool and
setting the pile on this was silly that
was a silly thing I called him after he
did that and I said Jake brother imagine
being there you know that's a wrap
that's a picture wrap on Logan Paul see
you guys later my channel yeah no you
guys are Jake's neighbors you guys
should egg is hot or take the lug nuts
off the wheels of his cars or something
like that no then you're gonna even
rather you to think of it first you're
right I would have logged up also let me
point out guys I came to Jake's house
that day that's why we are in the video
I think okay I'm not in this news report
I'm the older brother
I made songs about her little brother
Jake II try to roast me so that I wasn't
on this report as it like another ChaCha
I was so sad everybody you're still
touching us oh thanks Brendan no like
dude i J came out and he goes look
Channel five is here and then for like
three minutes I did this myself I've
waited eyebrows News Channel five News
Channel five
News Channel five News Channel five
Channel five 1005 is that not funny
enough to you do I not make the cut
all due respect it's not funny it's at
all and I get that you were trying to
make my brother look like an asshole but
just like you could include me man any
press is good press Ayla frickin cloud
dude yeah look at this at this part
that's me I was the one blowing the horn
and then and then they say this
certainly after we arrived look who came
out to greet us I thought for sure it
was gonna be his older brother load you
know just Jake the day Jake was born
here's what he did they were here a
pocketful of hypothetically he crowded
no more I can't keep watching what do
you say to the neighbors no better upset
then I'm really upset
no I know how about it yeah it's
terrible it's a bad situation no I feel
bad for them for sure there's nothing we
can do though the Jake College of the
strongest army out there ooh mmm gotta
stop you there I don't know if you've
heard this song okay everyone knows
we're clearly the strongest family on
YouTube I respect you little brother
like you're dull but you're forgetting
about the low game however I will say he
is right in the center like there's not
nothing he can do given the fact that
he's a vlogger and like this is what we
do to literally just like be
entertainment
yeah like cause haven't you did say he's
sorry but it's nothing all right there's
some gaps
yeah when you say it out loud and just
look all right don't here's my finger
Jake Paul my brother is a maverick
literally this this brand what I stand
like the
he doesn't care about society he doesn't
care about following the rules he pushes
the boundaries he makes people
uncomfortable that's like that's what he
does that's why he's successful and he
knows that no matter how many people had
on him or say whatever they want to say
he doesn't need you to be successful
like he the my man's gonna be a
billionaire with or without you so hang
on all you want but the kids gonna make
it man it's all good content oh it's all
good vlog material he's he's really a
good kid he's just an idiot again I've
said that in one of my songs let me just
start off by saying I think my brother's
an idiot I'm not taking that back but
like he don't need to reprove who Qasim
saw especially in this day and age where
we have this beautiful thing called the
internet and YouTube you guys can do and
create whatever you want where you don't
need other people's approve being my own
boss like I am Logan Paul is Logan
Paul's boss do you see how like what
what it's a beautiful thing it's a
beautiful thing it really is just
beautiful anyways yeah man where it were
a generation of Millennials and we came
to put a dent in this universe and God
what were you doing at least give it to
the local gangsters across the way you
won't do it a lot you don't have the
balls either you're too soft no she did
it she did it and somebody just catch it
no no she just caught no way yo oh my
god she just asked me to come down roshi
we have two amazing catch I've ever seen
anybody do what a little gangster party
I'm not even kidding he's now there she
asked me to come down she deserves it
yeah yeah that was incredible I was good
okay where she at excuse me Annabelle
superstar hi how are you how long have
you been a wide receiver for I did you
catch that hi how are you are you good
oh my gosh
no way wow this is turn magical just
wearing the merch there's genuine tears
on my shoulder I respect them need the
shirt okay okay okay that is the vlog
what a magical way to end do not forget
the merch g-wagen contest has been
extended one day 24 hours keep getting
your merch link in description or
looking Paul that come / and if you were
not a part of the low gang make sure to
subscribe because yeah we're lit is it a
fact that we're lit okay for life baby
I love y'all and I will see you tomorrow
take it easy fam
50,000 likes on this hill give me 50,000
likes to happen to the first 50 minutes
what are you trying to say
