Oh oh no oh no okay what's up everyone
calm down it's not Hillary quitting this
battle job I'm just kidding guys me okay
also I wasn't even holding the camera I
was reading it over there okay so off
you saw yesterday's vlog
Judas was crazy bro we're here at VidCon
and we got absolutely mobbed yesterday
but it was a cool experience it's
definitely a day that I will not forget
today though is Saturday which means
Saturdays before the Bulls yeah it's
true and and I'm a boy Brendan's a boy
and also Evan you I'm not a real boy
going back to hi guys we're headed back
to Los Angeles it's time to leave VidCon
so here we go
mentoring into the VidCon wilderness
once again let's change it hi guys right
off the bat we are good bro I also think
it's hard to be recognized in my
maverick merch at and maverick buddy I
think yeah oh hi guys wish your flower
or get on next time we don't want to go
to L we want to double borders Double L
stand for room it's like the lobby even
lobby this is not a regular lobby look
I'm going into the regular lobbies and
Hall so wasn't that the lobby is not
that bad I wanna see the lobby lobby
chances that my car has been vandalized
there's no Senate or sexually harassed
1990 Brendan
I'll go 50-50 okay all right I'm gonna
go solid 69 cuz I'm a savage as makes
the dopest noises can we get that on
replay many times here we go here we go
oh yeah yeah that's a note but yo this
is clean as a whistle dude like they did
a good job keeping it nice about well I
will definitely fuck a muffler guys we
made to the car we were on the road back
to Los Angeles
back in Hollywood yo this is like a
two-hour drive the other the parade
going on right back up some sort of
parade going I think we parked and then
let's just check out yeah yeah yeah yeah
guys we are back home headed to the
parade in a second but I want I don't
just want to watch right I want to
participate where's the cell here it is
that I knew this would come in handy one
day I'll okay we are approaching the
parade I'm thinkin some sorta like our
next beginning like Spanish PFF attesa
gang is going tonight
I know you guys are Saturday by the way
how are you married
I'll take a look on Saturday across the
way they throw parties as you guys know
here's the deal I don't like you're
broke you're loud I'm sitting here
trying to do my work like look bro I got
stuff for you I got abidance some new
merch calling it stuff to do like guys
were big and I can't fucking have fun
for today I will be notifying the
authorities dude
all units grand Alec ball always blood
close someone job you dog on here but
y'all are you good no how are you good
both I think he's good hi every night
about to go work out guys we can cross
big color alternative dueling do it
solicit like it we might have to start a
new one soon feel like what you've been
enabling oh yeah for sure
I think is that okay cool let's go
workout room
ah yo yo rewrite the gym well I don't I
don't like to do from here
me Sonny from me Regina pescado geometry
deduced a harder both do it on the hukum
God
hi guys there we go workout we're back
home I'm just saying exactly with having
today yo good blog rope
soccer ball oh oh oh
yo you run my Beauchamp never bail I
always blog gonna yeah I got you this
okay thank you I was funny three two I
we were at VidCon yesterday and we were
in the elevator and there's a person
wearing my merch and this person was
like although again I love your mug
that's so ugly that's awesome you in the
low gang I like that girl I said to like
him and the girl goes I'm a boy I was
like I was like oh I stuck to my custard
that what's your name and he goes Elia
and I'm like Pez a girl's name it was
funnier person I was doing a pasta so
can I join
no oh my gosh shut up so as you guys
know I went to VidCon yesterday and a
fan made this for me it's a it's a
life-size rendition of maverick it is
actually really impressive here Brendon
get closer you can see the detail
mallanna well like she went in anyways
I'm gonna go give fake maverick to real
memory what up what I got something for
you maverick if you do it why don't you
think that doom ever that is a good
reason I won't obviously go ahead and
leave it up there for you America let's
try a look at the day around this on
Haila can you come over my house listed
it for the vlog you're gonna fight Evan
with knife with knives decide butter
knives though so they offered that bad
yeah so they won't pierce the skin
though just okay I'm just kidding about
that
without calendar I'll come over all
initiated by you and Emmett keep going
ormolu I don't think he wants to yeah
you shake your head no I don't know what
you're talking to help maybe I do
okay guys so mail is coming over I think
there's only one thing left to do we
know that we want to prank Kayla somehow
I just we don't know what we're gonna
prank her waist look it let's look at
the chemicals did could be like that
Evan yeah what do we got we got oh we
have blood dude got rate we can spray
her in the mouth with rage like that
just thank you faces oh yeah that's
exhibit you guys I'm using this button
you're good from action oh I'm not good
okay using my brain power I've concocted
the following prank we saw the blood we
saw come I'm gonna put the blood on Kong
like on his first somewhere we'll wash
it off don't worry and Hale is going to
come in and shoot you you to Kong he's
bleeding okay I don't know like he must
have ruptured his kidney or
oh no you're not gonna know what makes
one man then we'll release some aliens
the doorbell wouldn't pretend like we're
getting Kong a haircut each time versus
a disgusting
and we like cut cock I not really I like
I like to prank you Paul we know you
want a haircut but not yet not yet funny
you got away to a ligature so we can
fuck with it
okay guys the first amount of blood is
going down decisions I thought oh Jesus
mother calm down you have this much
blood you're hot
I'm just gonna do a little bit come in
with me Oh perfect a lottery we're
giving Kong a haircut we're giving Tong
a haircut that's good yeah we are we are
a lot hotter right in the middle okay oh
no no no no oh god I am so sorry
Oh does it get out of hand oh no no I
gotta be funny to give him a haircut
with the big scissors pretty tiny
I absolutely cut him in this in the body
I swear I'm just so bad I feel worse I
don't know I don't know Oh
this is so bad this is huh what I know
is if I chemicals joke like it how are
you oh whoa did you fall for it I came
oh my god no seriously that looks so
real oh my go
are your dog you're just going to be a
little pink good what why don't you
think before you do me like that
i I don't know what that word me oh my
god ism think or should we do it uh why
got clean him please okay come off
you're gonna have literally like a red
but you know you're hot super expensive
shoes have red bottoms like oh I got
them red bottoms okay we can try and
make this sound like it's not better
than what it is lol before you wash it
off I get that's on them
leave in Jesus and I can be good okay
look
well going back to vlog like we were
just bunch it up a little bit at the end
there when we really don't even know why
you talking same thing you so is
literally taking candy from a baby and
not consider the size of a baby if you
don't so gullible
you're not subscribed make sure to
subscribe it also gets your map of
merchandising the zoo
broke the link for that is in the
description go out be unique be
different be a maverick I will see y'all
tomorrow take it easy
when you come
