guys I just got a test cut can you stop
because I'm vlogging sir
oh that's know that you're keeping going
to stop good guys I just got a text from
the concierge at my complex going down
I'm yelling timber is it huh oh no no no
stay there all right well I will shake
I'm mopping I'm mopping
you don't here take that ma ma okay come
in sorry Allah oh that's for sure in
fact how are you Alice oh she's so cute
I didn't want it what the hell is that
we made a cloud look it it's nice what a
cloud no this is not a cloud that's
called a mess precipitation what is this
from it's some kind of teddy bear that
scared you remember the one that came to
life yesterday
flashback on pleasing it and it's the
cutest thing ever
flashback events is the cutest thing of
2017 or you couldn't bro Kong but I do
have good news what Bradley no let's go
see this thing dude wait actually holy
Sh that'd be horrible news we got plenty
of by just guys show you something yeah
can I show you something
he's throwing up all just take a quick
peek down there there's no place to go
so it kind of looks like a giant this is
the new member of the family
4x4 squared G Wagen grade o car is so
big compared to I just take it over oh
dude I just want to take my pet whoa
whoa whoa
couple of things we have to do one we
have to come up with a name for it I
have some ideas we will figure it figure
figure it out by the end of this vlog
okay I want to do a contest with you
guys that I'll explain shortly number
three we need a spot to park it it's
huge
I'm hoping it's missing that prize out
there that thing says clearance seven
foot one I don't know how high this is
but I think we give it a shot
I don't know gonna work
nope Oh oh yeah we got it
Calais told me that it didn't bid we go
this picture so far we're good oh my god
oh I'm so happy right now I thought I
was going to like pay for parking like a
mile away yes yes oh no no no no this is
the way you ready by dopamine smoking
you hold it okay so that's the issue so
next we're going to test on this pipe
here
yeah hi miss Vegas
now second ago I said I was happy now
I'm kind of said oh oh you over there
this area is your back so it is like one
spot that enable important
yeah one pot in the garage I'm able to
park my feet I'd say it looks taxi job
well we can't even get past these I
wonder if we could ask the conflict to
like to take these down or like raise
them or something I don't know bro I'm
colorblind okay here's the thing as you
guys know we just had our first ever
pop-up shop in New York City anyways for
those of you who could not make the
pop-up shop I'm aware that not everyone
lives in New York we are doing a giant
maverick merch shop merchant John Shope
giant giant maverick merge drop of some
of the exclusive stuff that was your
answer new stuff like the following
all right thanks bath Rogan okay let's
start with the classic penis we got two
black can't forget about the white like
AG wagon super second grade because
Grey's Anatomy I don't over Logan I
don't like me next
oh good thing we got the Queen next for
you - what great the brand new vertical
low game for light logo cuz the logo for
I just survey tell you good bro serve it
yo yo don't your good Baba member socks
look at these blue by black maverick
backpacking me maverick backpacking yeah
bro you fancy folk out there we do have
a duffel bag blanco cases and a few
posters man join the movement and be a
maverick like begging you to say things
you know that is today right now hot is
much in the game but wait there's more i
objected sent people's names whose names
i will embroider on the interior of the
wagon wagon like g-wagen but I just took
the space out quick yes I will put your
name on the interior of my new baby all
know I'm not good at on anything and I'm
gonna fly to you out here to come take a
ride with me
in the wagon and spend the whole day
with me it'll be fun we do static things
and probably Frank Jake follow something
what yeah that's the content so yo hit
your marks link in description called
icon flash job be a maverick enjoying
the
squat press all right Thank You bags or
we got stuff to do
I did well show me all for starters we
need more place and then we do know we
rolled up we stopped to eat a lot we
need some pita I get people please I'm
never good to paper plates in mouth ever
I got the coolest vehicle in the game
let's just take a cruise around town
yeah yes never leave the house when
equipped we got the good can't wear them
until heaven you got the good here
there's nothing in it but all right
don't you ever ever leave the house
unequipped we got the goods here and you
know guess what I got this sudden urge
to buy a pogo stick so I'm gonna go do
that
okay first official driving the new whip
oh my god this thing with so hard
guys it is so smooth the jet feel like
I'm driving a giant stick of butter are
you gonna bail are you good bail
why I Drive now and I think you have
something to do all Jesus right Evan I
think while I'm driving just give it
like a solid little honk here bro a
little like no big one
that was super cool and super fun
however or quickly realizing parking is
going to be a problem in this thing
honestly though like I don't even care
for like that's the price you pay for
something visit oh oh yeah oh good bro
kind of part like an asshole but what
you say about your asshole
that's just like a fun store looks like
a man
oh you saw wasn't Instant Karma I'm
gonna go for twenty minutes later Adam
done pogo sticks
come on oh yeah we just need to I could
get it oh good no sorry
Thank You Man sorry man I know you saw
it fell on me yeah yeah we'll take them
let me catch up fire away my shoes on
fire oh no wait what I had to thing we
buck barking Bow Wow mystic best is the
greatest day of my life
the only thing I can think of is it
we're just two fires too much fun for
one day let's go back in the car
I want to talk about the color of the
breeze I got white because that's what
they had guys they only made 300 of
these vehicles in the United States but
as you know I was thinking like a matte
black or a matte silver
I just wanted to rock the white for like
two days or so but yeah keep commenting
what colors you guys think I should get
but speaking of white we do need some
more plates so we're gonna go to the
store and grab some what we definitely
don't L I told you we're on a place go
into the store here we go
don't some summer blowout we can really
save on place yo Leila can you point us
in the direction of the plate it's the
summer blow up redesign summer blowout
run Edie's I'm gonna kind of help you
buddy come on come on leave me all right
sassy pants on aisle three needs to go
sassy pants on our three needs to go
zombie SSSs with a place where the place
where the place that shut up on the
place I don't know where they at go we
want to fight it with me personally that
we need something eat that food off of
this oh this looks like an appliance
slash adults at you yeah we got to buy
the place for hell are you good I'm not
gonna do in the store yeah you win I I
would not do that
oh those are bowls we don't do that put
it back quickly plate put it back good
fuck really give a preference all sudden
she loses her personality when we get in
the plate section come on Allah where's
she going I drove her here so many good
options
oh we got what place well done you're
into it now but you ready to touch it
we're gonna stuff let me see those
please not really
why there yet the white boy like your
car I'm going to avoid your white
sticker court should I drop it you know
plastic no plastic plate coffee
nothing happened I think it's very loud
nope yep are you trying to disrespect me
I'm a vlog Channel don't ever say yeah
give me a sec remember they're going
with this case really good things you
think is perfect you trying to perfect
it showed you to take
no I can't hear you right here you care
about the environment tell me how much
she does do this yo yo yo I mustn't even
give you a call
well that's Lubbock damn that's a lot of
place there you know if they're not in
the same one piece
are they still reservable know they're
shattered ah
no you got there oh no the baby bro
don't made it who died yet no I'm just a
grind star but maybe on my way okay I
always come prepared
congratulations tree you're now part of
the low gang who's the fastest Emily do
you have the stuff Ayla come on I called
it I kind of kind of answer it
sellers frustration no I'm not picking
that does anyone here have a broom
nobody hair ah looks like clay ran over
the plate okay I'm gonna go get a broom
clean up my plate
whoa where's Jerry right how is Jake I
don't know I just said I'm related to
doesn't mean I know I thought you're not
related to him what I mean that come on
I mean I mean I'm related to yeah well
we both I mean both of us can be man not
true I got a broom in that seam set out
and you're not sure man it's a lot of
stuff you should go look okay twelve
seconds later look I found a broom right
here but let's talk about what this you
yes you have your very own slip inside
no it's true this is why we need a house
Ayla Hey look
yeah you want to slip it five great more
place having to do more things what day
four things the important thing to learn
from this kid standing outside my
brother's house is that you got to take
responsibility for your actions
Italy see I'm doing this with a smile on
my face hahaha all clean hey brother
your thing which yeah it so brightly
happy what did you do with it no we're
just drove around the block and I was
like pouring it a little bit though am I
gonna get in like ink is going to hit my
face or something
why would I do that because you pranked
me multiple times you put my face in a
building it bears me for all of LA I had
to release the second verse it was a big
thing that's why you would do it and I'm
a good brother dude I got this for you
my brother appreciates the play yeah I
appreciate the play
what is that a plate it used to be oh
right yeah I'm gonna take out I just
want to say what's up you leave I am
leaving today tape apply goes back is
weird dude
we didn't fight or like prank you John
anything yes we hold high before I go I
just wanna I love shooting merch out of
the murse canon no no you're not that
girl or the tree you can get your merch
on multiple complex cloud with your name
embroidered on the dragon why tubing
love ah always plug yes it's my boy job
y'all Rob's okay this is new right no
I've had Kong for a while now this is a
tank yeah man this looks so good even if
you run over somebody you gonna run over
to Jordan is about read your role you
can legit do this damn bro like over me
right now if I die George look at me
look at me well thanks to my project I
got back you got okay no if you you
could kill me yeah hell are we doing
wrong I'm not big a mapper gonna be a
dead bird no no Jean your family the
rocks we just followed us no Mavericks
love to live okay this is what a pigeon
does don't do what a pigeon
my boys we're gonna do with the new
dragon Oh yo yo they got a lost way if I
said overall George said you're a real
the gym is much braver
yeah dude it's not a good purpose car oh
that's why you want that's why I know
about you're on hundred friends
oh look yeah I got you right where I
want you kill my Porsche
Exodus must have run to park the car
here's the thing where am I gonna Park
you could be fucked for my son
I don't I just oh okay honestly I don't
even know if this garage is gonna work
no this is ty George why is your gun
tight bro I do like bitching I think
we're gonna make anybody oh oh not bad
hey take off your jobs man I used to be
a miner Oh Chet no I think we're good
you just damn you're pushing back down a
stop just be ready
Oh like that I can't get the corner
oh yeah bro we made it no gang the moral
of the story is never give up yeah
god damn those cheese the I okay oh
you're cruising though yeah I bought
that okay guys I'm stay again probably
like a minute or two but I'm flying two
people out here and embroidering ten of
your names you buy the merch I just I'm
just you're gonna hear that again in
like a minute anyway
sounds like listen guys um that is it no
wait no my bad there is one thing left
to do hey I got played I'm not gonna
break it I'm not gonna break it I'm
going to set it down and then we're
dropping another plate on it and
breaking thanks for watching guys that
is the clock if you're not a part of the
low game make sure to LIKE and subscribe
don't forget ten names embroidered in my
car and flying two of you out here if
you buy maverick merch for the next 48
hours here today was a pretty maverick
them and we swam the opposite way of
others we push back on society it was
sad so remember guys be a maverick low
gang for life and I will see y'all
tomorrow
take it easy fan
are you okay
