check out the view man buildings
buildings building buildings in ketchup
but I will say it's going down day
number one come on let me do now I'm
just vlogging regular first-ever
maverick by Logan Paul pop-up shop today
in New York City guys this is gonna be
crazy
also tonight you guys may may you may
know so why don't we boys and my boys
are performing they're either on tour
right now currently in New York may have
scheduled to come here at this time on
purpose this is how I so tonight I am
doing a surprise performance of help me
help you with them on stage I'm still
doing this son of a bitch are you ready
out here not more out here than me bro
my nipples are on stuff manager stop
anyways good morning guys what are you
doing what do you mean yeah like you
told us to what do you mean I didn't I
didn't tell you to vote for me for the
Teen Choice Awards they're definitely
doing that on their own but if you
wanted to vote okay I want to show the
Internet just how strong we are voting
tonight come look I know voicemail web
star logan paul toys comedy web star
logan paul vote twice no shame how many
votes you had either
alton yeah guys you can vote 10 times a
day per category also got nominated for
choice youtuber as you guys know but I
want my brother Jake to win that one so
hit him up for that category about 10
times a day if you guys tweet me the
pictures of you guys maxing out
I'm sending you merge bro in the
exclusive maverick backpack one person
each day are you good winners for the
first two days our one Allen Salazar
from Los Angeles hey Allen my man thanks
for voting for me number two Zack
Cantwell from Kansas City Missouri okay
I think we got room service coming oh my
gosh dreams do come true
having your dreams I'm not tall yet hmm
freshly squeezed Oh Jay yes Paul all
right guys y'all wait hold up dude we
need a little breakfast montage by the
way guys this is what that looks like in
real life that's Brandon get some
beautiful shots of the breakfast yeah
get those Beauty shots get those Beauty
breakfast shots
hey yo calm down we're getting Beauty
breakfast John I'm just saying man like
this is a beautiful way to start the day
well french toast love breakfast potato
what oh snap
can you take him away no Evan come back
I mean he's actually leaving Jeff I said
it's what I'm dude yeah because if you
guys saw what happened at VidCon
yes these guys are gonna have my back
today so as we're all sitting here
talking about how I'm not gonna die
today Brendan came up with an
interesting fat boy broke 1 billion - on
YouTube billion video views
you know guys in like 10 months locai
okay I'm done okay guys so before we go
to the pop-up shop ignore that camera
right there yeah just ignore it yeah
back over here good to go we had this
package overnight it yesterday what I
think it is oh paper dude just kidding
yeah okay so this was this was made
magda no you have no idea this was made
by my friend suni the jeweler literally
the perfect day for this to happen
oh my god that's diamonds bro diamond
pendant maverick go wow here it is bling
bling so yo Sooni my man thank you for
that out well I'm strong oh thank you
bro this thing is freaking beautiful
literally a 900 percent chance this gets
ripped off my body today but oh oh oh my
gosh
literally falls in line with the logo oh
man come wears it much better than I do
so my bird maverick has a diamond gold
ring and Kong has a diamond gold
necklace
find really messed up and not Evans help
me file them stop do this hurts I'm done
all right shop time this is okay it's
official I got Brendan I got Kelvin I
got Jill why is it gonna rain like life
are you good bro again guys just ignored
that camera right there but no the rain
what's up with that regardless we're
still gonna regardless it's still gonna
be killer all our friends what I'm
talking Jeff are you good bro boy hey
he's not good bro everyone's texting us
telling us that it's insane crazy bro
yeah okay guys to the crowd is right
here the barricades are coming in to
think about New York is that it's so
small and compact like you guys are
wrapping around the block oh snap okay
so the barricades are going up they're
making us drive around the block one
more time this is crazy
yeah this is insane I think by the time
this vlog is out we'll have hit 8
million subscribers which is dope but
like actually see you guys in like the
power and strength in numbers we have
real life it's Logan I love you be gotta
listen to me hey what do you need
remember the whole idea was getting
everybody in yep so you're gonna be in
there for a little bit say hello real
quickly okay good okay here we go
low gang live in the street yeah yeah
yeah
fire
whoa whoa that was nuts how you guys
doing are you okay
it's all right real quick let me stop
you
oh my gosh he's literally cutting with a
whale dolphin Narwhal does he still have
his bling on no what why no what
yes wait are you good I'm good he's a
Kong savage dog yo across the way I see
my boy bro day one literally vlog number
one the Burning Man vlogs he was there
with me he invented that's my boy
you wouldn't know this vlog light
invented that you good bow survey we
don't we don't know but when Frank this
business it's gnarly bro what you got
what you got no no no I need you know
looking a looking down okay
Benna what better way to initiate Frank
and show him the power of the low gang
then have him go outside and hold Kong
to savage up for everyone to see well I
know you're gonna be fine they're not
even going out there go get him Frank
oh don't be them Frank
okay guys pong made out alive we are
about to go have a little something up
my sleeve amethyst I'm sure upside down
but yeah we're gonna do it
okay day 1 of the Maverick pop-up shop
in New York was a significant a success
oh my gosh that was crazy very excited
for these next two days cuz you guys
it's still going on my partners at
Shopify were the ones who helped us set
everything up obviously I'm not capable
of doing that I'm not an adult all the
time my own shoes anyway they're giving
everyone in the low gang a 30 day free
trial on Shopify if you want to set up a
business or a shop yourself I know a lot
of Lou gangsters are entrepreneurs
businessman you guys got dreams of
opening your own clothing line
granted it'll never be better than the
Maverick brand but I didn't go for the
link for that is in the description so
yeah go out there and take over the
world with me bro let's go now ok Jeff
what's happening heading shortly the
Gramercy feeder for a performance yeah
first ever live performance of help me
help you with an audience you or the
Encore which means the I think the show
ends and everyone's gonna think it's
done right and then I come out and just
tear it up it's gonna be crazy which is
it's not good because we just sent home
Calvin and Cory our security back in the
vehicle we are pulling up to the
Gramercy Theatre right now yeah why
don't we so that okay we kind of have to
sneak in here because no one knows that
I'm coming to the dressing room it is an
absolute mess it looks like a frat house
that's how you can tell the boys were
here yeah you wouldn't go the Mavericks
definitely messing up their performance
also we put the other maverick pendant
on my leg dangling down like a little
chain okay I got a little fashion oven
but the time is slow
coming the boys are literally right here
freakin love these kids man first-ever
live performance for me in front of an
audience and yo you guys know this I'm
not like a singer I can sing right like
I'm an entertainer but I'm not a singer
I thought I'd be more nervous but I'm
actually chillin I'm gonna take a little
breather here okay that's good I only
told you time you guys know I'm in New
York
oh and here's a riddle you still got my
favorite
no you guys get to do that every day
yeah I need to switch my career
like the music stopped
you
Paul I'm sorry you can vote for us at
the Teen Choice Awards Teen Choice
Tucker
they say it's lonely at the top boys
where is everybody
what alright cool man I'm gonna go back
to bite right I'm just kidding you guys
are my brothers can I get a group hug
like seriously
okay I'm signing out the vlog you guys
don't even know but I had like literally
this was the cherry on the cake okay
guys Teen Choice Awards don't forget
vote for me for a male web star and
choice comedy web star I'm sending you
guys merch tweeted at me when you maxed
out your votes
get your maverick merch link in the
description if you could not make it to
the pop-up Tosh why don't we merged its
that why don't we music our thing and
subscribe if you're not subscribed join
the low gang okay bye
