oh whoa bro oh you gotta check this out
Oh Oh the shop broke it is really early
guys it's 4:08 al-aqsa I'm in New York
for our first ever maverick by Logan
Paul Papa I slept for three hours but
I'm sad to stop okay how are you bro
good you're gonna miss me marriage
everything okay so my real friends are
out there sleeping what better way to
wake them up in little merch and a
little candy March come on we gotta go
to New York
oh my god it's time to go to New York
great okay so now that my friends are
awake there's only a few more travel
essentials that I need oh you've never
been in New York huh buddy that's a good
dog biting me and shit what how are you
doing that bro also gotta pack the dead
skin doing good yeah plus America we
need the merch - yeah I feel like almost
doesn't fit I know right there anyhow
you mustn't mind yeah yeah I get a yo
what come on no it's the same as mine
bro same problem oh this is tough man
it's a difficult situation
listen Marsh car you mean a lot if you
really love me you'll meet me in New
York not going oh go ahead dammit yeah
yeah for 39 am the key is to just trick
yourself wait stop stop
break yourself into thinking you're away
and/or become a blogger and you usually
just have tons of energy haven't added
ever bro
Azen bro admit it's going down bro
I'm sorry guys I get weird at this hour
so you know what fuck that I'm not sorry
because I'm always weird I don't know
how this happened but we really
miscalculated there time you go about
like we might miss our flight we have
like 15 minutes to check our bags and
get through security
sounds like my life I hustle team hustle
let's go okay we're here where'd you the
one who suggested leaving at 4:30
that was I wrote I know I know I'm not
an adult Ayla I can't be left to make
issues like right now so Colin is
actually a service dog it says right
here
a service dog named no let us name
Congress Avenue oh wait no did you put
dog it's not that no it's duck calm down
savage hey yo we do begin the play come
on hello hi everybody how are you you're
on the vlog you may be famous ain't look
booked our boarding passes for us and
she spelled Evans name even Evie and not
EPA and so minus the fact that we're
already late there's a good chance I
won't make it on the fly oh the coolest
part about this is like absolutely
nothing look at us go eat honey and ice
it's not even it's not avail expelled
his name wrong go ahead and get lining
left worried about Evan later I'll never
let go Jack I'm gonna stay with you till
we die please easier than I'm trying
boldly gbc's not comin so easily ji dz'
it's all her fault guys she spelled his
name even it's not even it's evidence
always going to be a vital eat anything
you leave TV season his name as an alias
lost the spelling bee so she doesn't
know how English Cross right now I get a
list and there she straights to lose in
it guys I should also mention our flight
is boarding like right now
come on come on well good doors closed
at 5:45 a.m. we get on the plane in four
minutes yeah guys it's 541 a.m. it's
tighter they've given history
we won't let burden have this drone yeah
man okay I'm a little nervous but being
the savage squad that we are I think
we're good yeah I think we're gonna be
okay we got three minutes
come on car let's go we have one more
person coming with out here to ditch his
drone rest in peace okay that's a remote
is ready make this right huh sorry hold
in the back okay so we have come we
don't have a drone as it is legally
changing even interesting hey what up G
oh come on Brandon ditch the drone okay
guys I waited I'm going to my seat
that's my boy we lost rest in peace good
news
we made the flight barely I'll buy your
new drone brundun don't worry I got you
puzzled a crazy morning I'm glad we all
make the flight my boy is good come on
bogey I published a dog I think the key
to all that was just staying calm is
everything's good now we're headed to
New York City yeah true you're a hero
everyone you guys things are looking up
and how it works with airplane to get a
certain amount of gas at a certain point
you have to make a decision to either
continue going to where you really want
to go or we're safe is to come back and
land and get more people sent my apology
now we're really tired so much happened
today like I wouldn't be surprised if
anything else happened it's a bad day of
traffic had concrete on you or anything
no no these are the baths you may look
can you let them pee on you yeah I
appreciate your question is what the
heck we're going to get out of here and
they have to make a phone call on a
grand
had to stop in Baltimore Maryland which
is obviously not New York is obviously a
problem I know this sucks calm like I
feel for at least you got food broiler
I'm starving over here also where my
boys Natalie where do they think hey
okay would you say Parmesan cheese you
guys got Parmesan chips chips on deck
I'm a good friend you get a bag of chips
you get a bag of chips you get a bag -
I'm sorry bro I don't even know we get
an update in 15 minutes as to whether or
not we could go well we get an update
and 50 minutes to learn anything update
for 80 hours I'm not even exaggerating
nobody's free okay oh my god oh no conk
don't sniff the ground I know he has to
go to the bathroom was about here a
sassy little Pomeranian today look at
grabbing a leash and everything you
don't need no man you gonna walk himself
that's my boy service animal relief area
go car let's go this way that's a good
dog I like how they put a fire hydrant
in the corner - like entice dogs that
they need to poop or pee some people are
just so smart dude you're doing that in
the wrong spot you totally missed the
grass and the cool fire hydrant
struggles of being a dead
yeah that's me wait actually yes I think
if they'll be with you all for sure this
is like the craziest day that's ever
happened
no way sane that's funny what's your
name
tarah that's like that's like Zara
please so that was cool guys in this
time of distress I feel like it's a good
time to bring this up the Teen Choice
Award as you guys know I was nominated
in three categories choice youtuber
choice male web star - its comedy web
star my brother was nominated for two
and we want to each win to someone walk
through the airport after talk come on
come on buddy he was embarrassing going
come on bro you're not being a good
service dog you're not servicing me
you're making my life harder on fine
remember guys you can vote in each
category ten times a day for the next
week if you do I'm finding people each
day to send maverick and low game urge
to also send the exclusive maverick
backpack so keep voting for me it's
choice male web star choice comedy star
I don't know it's just the comedy in May
old star that for gigolo gang vote for
him for choice youtuber oh come on and
then hopefully the Paul bros can just
clean up the toys I watched this week
for all that stuff in the description my
people I've just been making Kong poop
on floors pmn confidential sorry this is
rough guys like yo this is gnarly the
dad Jagger brush is a face that's for
sure that's the time Evan and I are
going to sumo
I don't think it's you have to be like
the same size of the guitar you don't
have to be the same size we're gonna
prove the wrong code Congo having take
care of your dogs yeah it is you're the
one with the leash yeah what's this
guy's dog doing what's his dog doing oh
yeah where'd it go someone's dog you
haven't he spread it out for you bro you
know honestly this is making sense I we
just saw him go poop wise you gotta go
again well I sit here in revel and my
life is here's an update he wagon the
4x4 square G wet code you guys you got
half a million like 1,000 repeats I
would get it no gang we got like 55,000
reason reason 659 thousand why oh you
guys are so strong and because of you
guys I am now getting a new vehicle
obviously it's gonna have to be when I
come back into your try to make it like
literally like the day we come back yeah
that's a sick vehicle so I guess thank
you guys all so I feel like now's a good
time to show you guys this I'm actually
voting for myself for choice mail web
started dude it's really easy to vote 10
times so I'm gonna vote 10 times for
myself because I'm a savage that's what
I seek you reach your daily vote limit
for this category come back tomorrow you
know I will get on board I'm a hole for
myself as many times as I want what you
know it's a bore me bro
walk which okay just supposed to be an
update coming soon we're all just
waiting waiting waiting all day just
waiting sometimes guys like gives you
lemon and then you make big nonsense
you don't make McDonald's you make beef
stew lots of sugars no gang sometimes
life gives you lemons and sometimes it
gives you flight delays the important
thing is to make lemonade on the I
actually got how did you have a solution
hey to my words team I do have access to
an SUV it's a three-hour drive to New
York City for Maryland could be worse
the traffic could be worse with traffic
but what do you say
Evan no Aayla friend again this sucks it
kind of like Hardiman online I was going
alright guys I'm a reviewing my team
over here and then we'll see what
happens what do you say because if we
are personally I think we go I don't
think we
I think we just get on the SUV and get
to New York this is a metaphor for me
talking to you guys the Logan this is
bad bad vlogger no it's not it's not
yeah I'm done actually we reached an
executive decision I'm gonna go in the
SUV okay see you okay guys I'm grabbing
my stuff I think I'm giving up on this
flight I think it's done for me but good
bye guys
I love you I don't really love them I
don't know him that well but maybe one
day I could fall in love okay anyways
rough day man pooping on floor why the
lace like canceled flight I haven't be
my ass is rough I do have good news
though guys especially for you Brendan
your dream girl I don't know she just
came on the plane and I've logged it now
you got it
are you happy bro I'm very gonna tell me
why you were so sad cuz like bro I've
never seen you that say no is something
that I got myself like months ago with
my own money I worked hard for this shit
and it was very sad well now we got it
and also Ayla
I noticed you put a pee pad down for
Kong don't worry he just pooped over
there so we should be good these nice
people have agreed to take me and I
really share why what's your name Amanda
you're amazing what's your name and are
you in the low game is that why you're
letting me ride in your ester View SUV
with you oh my god no but that's what's
up bro like I'm not trying to mooch
rides off you guys until Logan got each
other's back are you good though are you
going where are you snapchatting me but
what i'ma tell you snap enemies vlogging
but well us may chatter oh we just
walked outside Maryland it is
disgustingly Chanukah yeah why bro yes
okay alright we got two we're good to go
gnarly day of travel but I got my boy
Evan entail are apparently taking the
plane he might show up tonight before I
might show up after us tomorrow morning
I don't know what I do know that this is
definitely considered a fuckin Ria's I
agree is way too much how long in the
flight all right just as long as this
jive Yama's in three hours 23 hours and
20 minutes later we are
New York you look as beautiful as ever
god yeah goodbye a man - goodbye London
thanks for letting us use your car and
that guy that's what it's all about man
that low gang look we didn't even know
them and they let us use their car we
made it's been a long day finally I'm in
New York was the reason I'm supposed to
be here the stop ups manager jeff has
been here all day started out making
shirts and I went way and now I get to
go check it out for myself
runs up we've arrived at the pop-up shop
it's 2:30 a.m. my name is Jeff Jeff
should I do your Jesse reasons counted
on where we got people waiting already
then when one kids been here since 6:00
in the morning to help unload the bag
bro it's 2:30
it's gonna get crazy no mom man with the
March
tell me the story bro 640 in the morning
to help you unload the merch oh that's
that low game here bro I love you and I
appreciate up to 30 to 35 like it on it
so I just wanted I did this on purpose
liking us and you know that's all a I
respected what's your name my name is
Daniel same thing what do you want
design let me show you this tattoo what
do you want to do before you die today
vlog with Logan yo give me a hug Oh
where's your vlog camera boys here at
Orange oh my god what a condition where
she her memories are reading all of her
memory don't forgive me my girl oh my
god join the club
alright that's it that's the art of the
game like I'm going to do them let's
make one right now your blog can you say
I love you grandma because that one in
the world like that I love you Gemma
there's no limit to the demographics
honestly this like I love this but it
sucks is like I'm not just saying it's
like logging is like family growing like
no I want to say what's up to everybody
we all became friends today yeah oh whoa
bro
Oh gotta check this out oh oh the shot
bro the Maverick shop with the logo on 1
2 0 1 Mulberry Street is going down I
love all you guys I'm not saying
it's like 2:30 anymore oh my god god
bless america Logan a month of planning
is a New York City pop-up shop it's
finally here
man not the time to get deep but I owe
all of this to you guys I cannot believe
this is actually here like a tangible
store finally we can bring the vision to
life this baby right here the Maverick
is oh this is beautiful
yeah okay guys if you are not subscribed
make sure you subscribe join the low
gang because as you can see bro wheel it
is and I will see y'all tomorrow when we
are literally going to light this city
up okay I love y'all and I will see you
tomorrow take it easy fan
you tell me elderly you I'm Jake Paul
like it subscribe
