SEAL team 6 the Mavericks are out and
there is so much stuff going on right
now look I just like you guys know I put
a piece of my death I skin on eBay
yesterday yeah I did that I don't know I
was really excited to see how much it
sells for uh okay number two New York
City public shops this weekend I'm
pumped exclusive merchandise but sexy
easy maverick backpack and much more
details for that are here and number
three yo man I got big news
your boy was nominated for not one not
two but three Teen Choice Awards
we got biggest shot blondest Josh and
dope is Josh's house this game has come
so far really though it's a choice male
left our choice comedy web star and
choice youtuber yeah they just scream
like that go like same page of the goat
here's the thing though I feel
uncomfortable that it's just all about
me let's be out guys I wouldn't be up to
date awards if it wasn't for you guys
these vlogs are low game I just want to
say a members like this is about us bro
now look guys I could be satisfied with
just being nominated trust me I'm
thankful but as a member of the low gang
as a maverick you guys know this like we
don't take L so you know I want to show
the Internet just how powerful we are
I'm fine you guys can vote in each
category ten times per day every day for
the next week the link is in the
description or you can tweet it out with
at Logan Paul and then hashtag like
choice you tuber or whatever the
nomination is if you guys vote for us
and you tweet it or somehow I find out
about it I will be picking people for
the next week to send merch to people
who vote for us looking to the top
because as we all know you know okay
yes I just got to play and Brock broke
now honestly in my bed sleeping having a
wonderful journey with Jamie what were
you all about that's my boy right there
yeah okay we're gonna check it out
that's the important thing
it's a Gatling gun
oh what a Gatling gun son in the house
yeah we got four pairs it goes in the
house am i right we are gonna get back
to that later but I actually forgot I
have to return this vehicle no but I
don't want to do it man don't forget
yesterday's vlog I pretty much gave you
guys this is this decision to decide if
I get this car five million likes and 20
thousand retweets outlook and Paul I'm
the tweet I treated about it maybe one
day we'll all be mine my question is are
you really driving the Jeep
you don't have the Gucci undefeat do I
get this g-wagen you better beware of
Gucci ever got oh God I'm turning their
materialistic piece of shit yeah look
did the Gatling gun okay guys check out
all the materials here I feel like I
should have clarified it doesn't shoot
bullets it shoots mert we were like we
need a better way to deliver merge to
the Logan yo you can't because you're
running my vlogs D we're about to build
it fine
well gang we're gonna with a humor to
you guys but with the machine guns
that's what we have here I've never done
this before I don't know if it works I
don't know how to build it but let's
just dive in whoa big time laughs
anyways you know my favorite part about
this ensemble is that it didn't come
with direction but just like looking at
the pieces here like it seems pretty
easy Wow did we just make bro what is it
we got the gallery gun top that's gonna
wash the t-shirts this thing goes round
and round like a spider we've got the
Maverick logo when the front looking
like a savage not to mention it's on
wheels so we can take the train anywhere
except if you look closely the one thing
we're missing is a co2 tank I'm a
blogger bro like I don't have co2 laying
around I just have birds indoors but no
co2 things and also to make the matters
worse and maybe a little bit better
I need more co2 guys but we got this
thing to screw the card in like that and
you press the thing and it's loud I
don't have it to make matters even worse
I've got more more sponsors
Oh one says looking out of row we are
going so hard yeah you fill these up
please
all right because I'm can you fill it up
also it's a real nut job there we go
no gain you guys are insane yesterday's
vlog just went live it's been laughs
like an hour which included the piece of
my thigh skin which is right here I'm
looking at the eBay price right now what
does ninety six thousand eight hundred
dollars Wow why would someone do that I
don't know how this work I'm not getting
a hundred thousand dollars for my thigh
skin there's no way also a good friend
of mine just texted me this you're Logan
you're Eve anything will be taken now
they're super strict about selling body
parts didn't even remain and then they
sent me the link so the human remains
and body parts page yes as I hear the
sale of human and human remains is
prohibited by law and sellers can't list
them on each cell of human parts like no
clippings or teas or anything to that
effect that is against your policy what
if it's a fake piece of skin but that
part of it is a piece of skin I don't
that it's very listed as correct I can't
or you can't update in fades fake so I
have to take it down and then put it
back up and say this is a fake piece of
skin that kind of sucks that day down
but I think I think I'm going to do that
you guys saw the vlog it's not a fake
piece of skin why is such a big deal why
is this consumed my life you have to
take it down and relisted yeah that's
move just just you guys know yeah I just
get on eBay as fake I've made it very
clear that it's fake I capitalized it I
didn't see it was up for like 15 minutes
and it was up to $30,000 low gangster ah
not available what the people want
sweet Adam son pull them out even where
you wet
Chloe Bennett's calling me this should
be interesting
hey I was just like wait how much is
yours how's it going far enough it was
selling for $100,000 and then eBay
called and they're like they're like yo
we don't so skin it's got to be fake I
was like it is fake and that's why
relisted it as fake and they took it
down so now I'm wondering guys like I
want to get this piece of skin to use
don't want to deserve this piece of skin
man for now man I'm just trying to pass
the time before Ayla gets here with the
co2 but before I do that quick update
today just a day for though updates ok
tweeted picture me with the G Wagen that
I said twenty thousand retweets and I'll
buy it you know for twelve minutes and
it has ten thousand retweets I would
keep doing this Logan I'm sorry I did I
keep under estimating $100,000 I skin
and and ten thousand retweets in 12
minutes
and not saying it's official but it's
looking like I'm a good new car
ya know I'm glad she didn't die I like
her Oh merchant here dude in honor of
lighting up New York we're going to do
the exclusive New York City maverick T
let's do it okay let's see that one
doesn't have a tank on them
I second that way Oh
oh I didn't even see it shoot out it was
no no I didn't go out no bed wait not
bad but if I wasn't ready for it it's
not bad it's fun I think we don't need
to put that much psi in this in the
Train so this is with a little less
pressure I think this is the move yeah
and we're to it for two men this is
pretty solid I guess there's only one
thing left to try great so the can is
loaded personally this is where I see
things getting out of hand like a glove
can you breathe that I'm over here
feeling I could definitely die here man
like my face is right next to the giant
can Oh
I wasn't gonna do it I'm sitting here
and I'm thinking well I was nominated
for three Teen Choice Awards that's dope
but one of the categories choice is
youtuber if you look closely you'll see
this guy by the name of Jake Paul is in
the same category there can only be one
choice youtuber even though we made up
yesterday I am officially Reed declaring
war on my brother Jay so we are driving
to his house right now we are about got
dark really quickly okay here we go
we've arrived at the targets house I did
recruit some help in the form of dwarf
Mamba all available exact facts I think
the plan is to just walk in fire some
shots and then tell them there can only
be one m6 the Mavericks are out and
engage target
you get immersed welcome pleasure
what are you doing wizard Oh does it go
right no look with the loans that my
mercs not oedema nobody got an idea
Michael is okay I'm not getting your
dominators my three Teen Choice Award
that's true I don't want to lie it's
true
Tom nominated for two what you're going
to do you're going to be like bro we're
competing against each other die ya know
we need a clean sweep Logan Paul what's
stronger than the low gang fellow gamers
you went to and then I went to the Jake
Pollard's vote for you yeah a choice
male web star and choice male comedy
website yep yep and the low gang votes
for Jake choice music star and and enjoy
you tuber you can have that's why we get
it clean clean sweet sleep slam slam
burgers how are you mom brother Jake
always would be ideas where I'm starting
being so completely we gotta work
together we do have to work there guys
he's right we are the stars we're
together
I caught it brothers a half man yeah we
work together so look I just to clarify
intercom link in the description vote
for me for a choice male web star and
choice Male comedy star yes whatever
comedy web star you'll find and you guys
vote for Jake for choice music starts
his bars are on fire I even said it in
my rap about him you got more support
and also choice youtuber he's gonna be
the choice youtuber we each get to
remember I'm picking people who vote for
the next seven days you can vote 10
times a day per day per category random
pieces in love
maverick March I'm giving it to you both
like this I'm going to shoot the March
at you face Brennan I'm so sorry what
happened know what New York pop-up shop
at this weekend okay so I'm going to
keep this exclusive but real exclusives
we were voting in the next seven days
one person each day is also going to get
an exclusive matters backpack not out
yet only available New York City pop-up
shop and if you vote for us for the tea
tree yeah man just do it bro
tell them how strong the loading collars
are literally we're going to clean up
this strongest fan base out there you
guys got a whole all the time choice
YouTube choice for you to star choice
mail a bizarre choice mail crominus off
got it that's a wrap
done okay guys I don't know about you
bro but for me that is the vlog if
you're not subscribed make sure to join
the low gang hit the subscribe button
Merce link is in the description local
Paul that cops last shop I'm running out
of Beth progresses now we'll see y'all
tomorrow
take it easy
yeah
what are you doing
No
