good morning okay what's up I feel good
this morning I'm sick you can hear it in
my voice regardless I feel like I'm a
cow get up I'm a children a road oh hi
it's not oh god I'm not a bad dog or
come in come on look Gogi how are you
good morning cause the bullet gold
sunglasses because I'm feeling extra
chachi today big day on the set of
valley girl as you guys know my
character's name is Mickey and so yeah
it's another big day it's Mickey's day
I'm reppin that America maverick tank
top I need some some powers of energy
today if you haven't already make sure
to get your American gear for the 4th of
July which is coming up merch link is in
the description or look at all that cops
last shot when you say something I want
to address some first I now that evan is
my roommate I moved maverick into my
room good morning buddy
yeah I know I do it I do it hi doing
that
hi dude yo cook to keep talking about
talking Sophie here's what I wanted to
say guys I wake up this morning and I
see there's this youtuber by the name of
pew die pie I talked about him in the
past because he was he was bullying my
brother and some of my brother's friends
fuck I need to stand I'd be a real hero
and stand up against the bullying on the
Ute oh yeah I get up this morning in
fuckin what he put up he made another
video about my brother and literally the
title is Jake Paul's name in the title
or some PewDiePie I made I roasted you
bro and put lyrics in a song about you
do but he still got his Disney contract
I'm in a video with your name and a
title row on row what do I have to do to
get a video about me on your channel of
a cutie pie guys I don't like the job
I'm just kidding I actually really do I
don't know why I think it just funded
rows people but the good thing about
this channel is that we can do
everything if I feel like roasting if I
feel like doing something funny or
praying whatever it is we can do in bro
I just want like what what does it take
PewDiePie so we're going to react to his
video on my brother hopefully maybe a
little bit of me later but right now I
gotta go to say yeah so I didn't even
make her set yet yo look look what I
found
are you a vlogger bro are you a vlog
about are you in a low gay Andrea longer
wait here I know you you're the guy
that's my boy and this girl's our
maverick
go a good way to wake up okay now I'm
going to sit yeah you made it to the
trailer you got that is amazing you guys
know I love meeting you in person and I
love love when I see you wearing our
merch bro
it's so I it's a movement bro a movement
of maverick it's tough it's a doping
answer that one kid who I was like yo I
know you this is a guy I happen to be
watching one of jinx looks like I don't
watch all of them obviously they're too
boring I'm just kidding I watched a
little bit of it and I just look this
kid always represented Jake's house
reppin maverick Myrtle Ikeda sketch it
says a good morning lady hella is you
make some funny faces but not funnier
than me
hey Logan hey Chloe so Logan says that
he can't either on girls compete I'm
embarrassed I can't figure it in my
mouth I don't want to eat around you did
you very pretty and like when I eat
around right thing you eat around a lot
of pretty girls on your vaunted no I
don't have any pretty girls in the vlogs
and I just can't just a little bit to
the your left a little bit okay can you
tell the people how you feel about the
whole quake me Chloe thing guys it's
getting out of hand I don't know have
anything to say look your fans are great
okay I'm just gonna say guy the quake me
Chloe I'm just gonna doing one time real
quick quake McCully wait I do that again
because my voice guy can I'm in bed guys
the quick me Chloe's are getting out of
hand they really are like it's cool to
comment on her Instagram post quake me
Chloe but not mine I'm not Chloe I'm
LuAnn what yeah what never hurt no no no
no comment of mine no coming to mind
coming to her quick me Chloe
bring I'm going to turn to this wig and
I'm going to legitimately have some
review and wait wait you're actually
good traveling wire great so you're
leaving jokes and that's something to
look forward to
Chloe said she's going to dress up as
her character quake and that she plays
on TV come to set and then quake the
fuck out of me and then we can follow
what I'm getting like tough right now
that's what's happening right here how
you doing great a little more time what
does that mean because I'm always down
for that come in there oh yeah you got
that right I got that long dick
what are you doing doesn't seem familiar
you know I have to do this I don't want
to but I happen
like a Bennett no delight filming it
yeah and you're probably do guys are
getting very so easily it's getting
almost receptacle there's this thing we
saw here yesterday uh oh my god
look at all these end guys what like a
very yo there's a lot of butthole
talking it does do that yeah that's
another other other reading yoga
definitely range watch my finger for
good luck no that's my boy look she's
still hard oh yeah I don't know I think
I need to go room - oh oh God piss them
off
yeah I know it's a lot of ass I don't
know if I think so many that's better
luck I do it no everyone has their own
opinion I think imma do it
ah the mental game guys you got to
overcome your mental weaknesses okay
guys we're a Brendan say hi we're on
less right now as you guys know every
day I'm trying to make the most
entertaining vlog content in the world
one of the fastest growing channels on
YouTube I can subscribe anyway something
you may not have known today it actually
worldwide juggling dish so I decided to
bring in one of the world's best
jugglers Josh motherfuck oh Jesus oh
he's a lot like me but he knows we don't
have a lot of times we're just gonna
jump all day oh wow behind you
what I can you wish me luck Oh
oh yeah what else can you do G oh this
is sissy stuff did your balls just stop
yo what all right Joshua we're going to
do it you're not gonna juggle these bro
easy copy apples I slice them all in
half like and subscribe before I throw
this Apple let's just talk about how he
is juggling nice right now okay anyways
let's do things that's cool isn't that I
don't know what yo do you want to take
that's lunch break I've ever had time
blasting we have blue two minutes let's
do it about yeah Josh what you doing
like college time make me look good
I try English but you're good you get a
dumping kerosene on a battle ass who
would you like to do the honors
uh-oh I love this so much really I did
that pretty well I think I put in a
hatchet okay and a bowling ball is a
battle ax without fire Josh you see ya
what though for you Oh
Jack yo easy just easy how is it hot
look
poorly the head eye coordination like
and subscribe hey thank you for this
chance that I was a husband I guess it's
time to go shoot a movie again
that was sick I feel like Josh sees in
slow motion but yeah I guess you're here
too it's kind of cool I got word that
there are some little gangsters here bro
the low gang come and visit me upset
yeah you guys gonna watch valley girl
when it comes on yah yah yah journey low
gang we are out here inside of a
gymnasium so much equipment so many
people there's going to be more oh hello
there's gonna be more when we actually
start shooting and look this is all cool
but this I think this goes missing this
is a really fun scene I don't want to
boil it for you guys let's just say has
a lot to do with me we got a whole
cheerleading squad we got paid list
right there yeah man get okay this girls
always putting me on her social medias
but I'm putting on my vlog so it's equal
I can't tell if she's in love with me or
she just like likes the way I say I'm
just trying to get quake buy earthquake
me Chloe guys it is once again super
late it's 11:30 at night check this out
man it's dark out I just wrapped set I'm
gonna change really quickly here and
then the cast wants to go out and get
drinks I'm 21 so I can do that now we're
gonna put on the white said I'm 21 I'm
definitely 22 weird anyways quick change
okay it's like guys give me some slack
right now so I'm actually gonna wrap up
the vlog here but not before the thing
that I promised you I would either
America but not before I do the thing
that I told you I was going to do at the
beginning of this vlog there we go which
is reactive PewDiePie video once again
with my brother's name in the title
beauty fun bro just what I got begging
you just gross to me bro look man I just
like this is the biggest youtubers this
is PewDiePie he's got 55 million
subscribers why why should my brother
get to reap the benefits I called this
man I just okay we're just going to get
right into it stop pausing it and by the
way Jake Paul Rhoads did you
so much I describe to them so much come
on come on
what what what no that's time Ted anyone
better time kami Logan oh I'm looking
for your bro come on and you're a dick
ah okay continuing on you reply told us
what a dick look like you get a tattoo
of a dick on it leg if your dick looks
like that please be a doctor I'll see it
again mr. Pugh does like if your dick
looks like that she's not the leaves
watch Logan's district ah before I see
how we respond I just want to say like
this is a clear dig on him like give me
something bro come on man make me famous
come on
oh the Polish go hard clink I really
wish I still had that Dixie contract
that's all that's all wrong that's all
you all know I just wrote the door cutie
pie bro if you roast me I'm gonna need
that extra Adsense because I just broke
the door on this movie at least there's
no evidence sent the man who daily
staple the homes good idea me no can't
he just agreed with me he's like yeah
you're right that sucks that that
happened
come on bro there seems to be so much
drama going on and like all the drama
feel channel people like drama man he's
learned to get swept into it I get it
he's ready to make nine videos about it
and then they call you out for for
milking it by putting your name in the
title for views but then you do the
exact same thing yourself I think that
was a dig on me I think he was saying
that I did the thing that I was making
fun of him for doing the only
differences homie I'm aware of it I know
you watch my vlogs I know you're in the
low gang look I called myself outsider
and you can't pay this month's rent you
can't use my own ghost against me pew
die pie I'm sorry oh it's been a long
day and says what else you have to say
JP I get it I used to be cancerous
extremely can present you used to be
cancer ah
I want even know what to say that was
those I got completely blind sight as
well and my response to that was
literally I will fuck you I still make
more money than you and you're just
bringing me views because you're hating
on me and I kind of see the same
response from Jake and L and the pole
gang from all this okay
grocer looking that good okay we got to
get on this guy's radar and you know if
that's what they want to do that that's
all fine but it's very arrogant and it's
very childish it's true I know that
because I used to be arrogant and I used
to be childish oh wow wow look at him
owning up to his mistakes look guys of
course it's arrogant childish I'm a
child
Jake's a child he's 20 I'm 22 I try not
to be arrogant I could see how Jake
comes off as arrogant but like in music
videos and songs and stuff it's always
fun to flex and like show like what
you've got and Swan it a little bit the
point is this beautify is a mature guy
but like Beauty why come at me bro where
you I I'm trying to get to dive by bro
okay guys I'm losing my mind that is the
blog's make sure you get your Matt
bookmark so look for that in the
description if you're not subscribed
make sure to subscribe
one last thing before I leave I gotta
find Chloe better Chloe I'm ending my
vlog look at me just real quick quick me
close
that is it guys Logan I had to do it I
will see you tomorrow take it easy
raus see you sniffing around you can't
fool me bro
no not even when you do that rope
