oh my god we're here you maniac you did
are you good bro
I see you good morning call you can be
in the vlog ah we happy oh you ain't
ready for these hands though you ain't
ready for these here okay I'm going good
morning Brendan good morning LLL wait
don't move
there you go so real much I got you good
morning maverick hi buddy
whoa whoa this measurement bird okay
good morning ever
I don't wait instead of forcing and what
do I see outside oh you're the windows
this is awkward ugh Haley did you put
the child lock on no come on I'm Charlie
windows you're doing well you got it
okay good oh yeah I think while we were
figuring that out they got kicked out of
here but I've never given up come on we
left plus this is yo guys today was
going to be like a normal logon says you
saw the drama that's happening yesterday
I just released the second verse and
yeah it's really interesting what do you
think it right now you let anything
mirre chef what do you say I was gonna
say something no because I know what I
know about well I just what do you find
very you're moving fast it's a weird
time guys the energy is crazy this drama
I love my little brother what happened
well it was here's why I say the plastic
there's a girlfriend of mine her name is
um Clarissa Billboard has not been taken
down yet it's coming up Monday but she
sent me this hey guys okay so I happen
to climb up on the Billboard last night
this is a finished product it says
course may was here via maverick and I
did some dental work on Logan emerald
mugging so you know normal no this girl
is absolutely incredible he
spray-painted white over my black Chevy
dental because she says he gave me
dental work okay I scouted it out to see
if I could do that exact thing there's
only one way to get up and there's a
restaurant next to it you scale the
scale for a month
yep then you hop across the fence and
climb up the dog would have she's a
maverick like straight up Clarissa
Burke you love you that's amazing yo
anyway I should go back to set because
there's literally 40 people waiting for
me no 120 125 all right
everybody I'm a vlogger died bad crazy
bro we need to call her later
she's such a bully Oh definition of a
maverick ah guys look who it is
Shelly's been a you can't hide it
anymore yo he's direction for some super
camera no bro it's blendin's camera now
it's going to stay in your face the
whole day where you missed you though
I did miss you quick hug that's good no
stop quick quick quick quick
okay so clearly in your the view hey
what's better than this bro
Oh who's on the cd-rom pleasing you guys
compact this is are gone broke I just uh
they made a beach outside place um why
don't we men is good fun eternity later
low gang I saw trapped it's late 11:47
p.m. to be exact though this is not a
complete vlog luckily I have a very
interesting light and I know what I'm
going to do with this wall a pill ah
George is dead nothing yeah ha ha ha
I got one question bro are you good from
good look like a very solid you come on
hey uh guys George and I have not seen
each other in real life in Lacroix we
see shut up
whoa whoa why you think ass I like booty
I just been like three weeks but here's
here's why I wanted to come over a
because I love you but be your where's
the drama bro for us to listen tell me
what you think about the drama had not
seen it yet yo um on the next levels
really from leave lots on the Billboard
best place for you for about three years
now I had no idea you had a mission to
was don't know Jesus Christ hey was a
lot yeah it was for the vlog day did it
for the vlog yeah okay yeah you expose
them on the second verse what do you
think of this have you ever hung out
with loggers before you guys what are
your thoughts questions calm is
concerned pretty cool uh my sister is
like actually your number one biggest
thing oh no that's not a joke is also
the hawk use me excuse me are you George
Jacob
so you know Logan you have any final
advice bro in deep bro he's your brother
I know and I know I do want to show you
one thing before I leave regarding the
Billboard I want to show you this video
jazz in this George GN kiddo
no stop it's better got that Realty yo I
was stabbed initially across the line
Logan Palmer's not now have a youtube
fan base and family there come an army
like legit bro you went to war your
people are like what what yo I got
better news I got that off you go manic
enough you can you go back in the frame
I'm gonna do this so I don't see it
yeah great I'm actually about the energy
room like right out you know all about
interview
alright cool bye guys we're going to
your Corsa by George you're my best
friend okay guys I am back home I've
been my roommate is sleeping pretty sure
I'm gonna wake him off not on purpose
I'm just allowed clarissa the girl who
doesn't even know what to call it
fix the Billboard is about to come over
just so we can talk about this savagery
that had been committed like this chick
is insane bro so uh yeah without further
ado Karissa de savage herself I'm here
are you good I'm good as long as I don't
get much arrested right hopefully I
might get arrested that's my concern
I'm also concerned about that because
we're about to show everybody the
savagery that you committed chances of
you getting arrested like I don't know
I'm not the personality but I think it's
an 11 out of 10 okay so let's go talk
about it so welcome to the crib are you
good bro first question ah I will give
you the services he has a classic you
good bro service oh my god yes hunter
going oh oh yo she's good for all okay
let's get stored lemon why did you do
that okay
I was literally driving on the street
the other day I saw the but when I was
on shoot like not slogan and I forgotten
that you guys did the door and I was
like wait a second I could fix this you
you haven't he has a tube it's not my or
my brother yeah
so I was like okay well I'm going to
take this in my own hands and I like
took my my paint roller with the white
yo-yo saw it trade yeah yeah I literally
pay your oldest to second but it's too
wise about the way why because did they
make my teeth more yellow definitely
made it hello you are the definition of
a maverick like a straight-up status
good I thought I was a savage and you
trumped me so hard you Donald me well
Donald me bro how did you get up there
because I do what you did hi I was going
to paint over I was like this is crazy
this it's not a Main Street David
answered I literally had to like put my
leg on the board and there's no sir yeah
Damn Channel coming soon literally I had
to climb on herself I jumped on I like
plum on the rooftops right on there did
you told that pause you said Club you
Club bond in the half heads add to the
Webster's high climb in the pac-10 I got
the a honestly wasn't so I was busy
climbing a billboard okay you clumsy so
I jumped on the roof I had to walk
across the room from a restaurant and I
jumped onto another realizes all the
restaurant yeah we went and we acted
there was like a balcony or something
that we could jump off and he said no I
tried to do this I was like I can't the
cops are going to show up thought about
that no like 200 cars reminds the cops
drove by the cops were flying overhead
I'm like they're coming for me their
deafness is crazy like a leap I was a
barely like blogging course as real as
it was so anything it was so insane but
yeah I just jumped up there and then
when I was coming down like I had to
hang from my like with my anthem and
just drop so and trust that I wouldn't
die like cross your fingers that you're
not going to see that often
yeah apparently I do I mean the worst
venue hoping Clarissa I respect the shit
you yo are you in the logo thank you
yeah yeah cause like you wrote logo and
she fix my skin hurts amma dude yo like
straight-up she filled in my tooth he's
brought a roller I did
I am unbelievable final story I find you
twice I only had I went war because I
went up there and I realized I wouldn't
be able to read came out not like
dentist Clarissa Edward yeah I knew it
was I was like when I got there I was
like that's really hot
how did you know the first time she was
yeah you know I didn't think about do
perfect why am i back okay all right you
can browse no family not no markers bro
this was so sad to pre-clear so
something I haven't told you guys she
had like a professional production team
recording all the job which is also
legal so the cops impedance so I think
without further ado again we should roll
the clip
I did it everybody I did it be a
maverick okay p.m. average everybody I'm
done here I'm shaking so much I need to
leave okay
all right back yeah yeah yeah like
straight up Flores honestly did you know
before we rolled that footage like you
couldn't get in trouble but now that we
have like video and I know but I know
she's read guys
I wonder i mighta wanna ha she's like yo
that's gonna do people of the drive
idles cute graphics oh my god oh wait
wait it's being taken down tomorrow so I
could see it right now right yeah you
still up it's something I might have to
do that I'm gonna go do that wait before
we do that stance we got some marks for
clearance oh oh my god I've got you this
- it's a classic because I mean I
shouldn't want a lot of doing you know I
do like the Reza has a YouTube channel
what is it plug holiday okay you do calm
/ clarissamay09 and my Instagram is
coordinate I have to go to this
billboard elastico oh my god we're here
you maniac I think you did but wait can
I point out they turned the lights off
and I know for a fact other night they
were I'm wondering if it's because it
got and allies they got fixed and then
they were like we can turn the lights on
because it's false advertising well it
was false advertising in the first place
take a closer look locate this is our
man isn't Picasso mommy Picasso so we
got clarissa may was here that's
Clarissa
we got be a maverick on there we got the
low gang and my favorite part the tooth
the fix - oh my gosh
I wish it was little one I do know I was
literally standing up there like this in
the middle of the side with a frigid
spinner and we don't have food ha ha ha
so why this is amazing one one final hug
I love you for this guy oh shit ok yo
guys that is the law before we dive via
car I am going to sign up the vlog as
Clarissa taught us today guys always be
a maverick Logan Paul calm slash shirt
look logo icon slash shop New York I'm
coming for you this is going to be an
exclusive tee at the pop-up shop
subscribe join the logging we are
currently the fastest growing channel on
the YouTube and I will see y'all
tomorrow take it easy
you tell me
