what is this talk I'm going to give that
because if I see well you're you're
going to get mad you have no idea
Wow yo first time someone else is sort
of my vlogs ever yeah are you good yeah
she's right guys I am sick I feel
disgusting as a human being like okay
guys before I start my tanks I was just
a mouth full of brown cow
you need to New York Oh Oh God New York
if you live in New York even if you
don't live in New York
Haley you know you're we go in on what
New York is about I feel like we should
address where the we are right now and
why we started the vlog in as little
like prison cells
I am on set today for my YouTube red
rose on my youtubers okay you guru is a
YouTube retro that I'm on it's called
foursome I'm an actor brother anyways
yeah there we go I got a July 14 July 14
you guys this is what what the fuck why
can't we Ben say information 2:01
Mulberry Street it's a pop-up shop for
maverick Merc you guys the hottest merch
in the game exclusive stuff is going to
be there like this amazing backpack
thanks a lot and more stuff you can't
find online guys join the movement be a
maverick get your merch and let's go
anyway it's gonna be an interesting day
we've been trapped in this trailer for
like two hours now yes we just started
the would walk in to sit walk in to set
what you got there and oh thanks I don't
need it though submit up why cuz I like
to destroy things around you it's really
fuckin so you might need it oh god that
was a good job oh man look at this bro
I mean it's dope there's a lot of people
but most importantly yayi
hey guys so I've been out here acting
stuff I decided I wanted to splice lamp
up a little bit I brought Condor
yeah yo go get my friend has a mini
monkey I was like yo I'm just sitting
around why don't you come to set and
have a ride cause that's about to happen
what'd you think of that either what I
can hear you speak up for my vlog please
I think it's stopped I hate when you do
that stop putting it close to my face I
don't yeah you do you are you doing good
how are you
you got the guy yo okay so you guys have
met him before here's a quick flash back
now Sherlock riding conk Josh huh that
was that time that was that time that
was it so Sherlock Sherlock them right
here he's actually sleeping we got a we
got a we got we got a chill nobody else
you always a second oh good I'm not good
at chilling Marissa I appreciate you and
I appreciate your hair that looks like
my dog but I need them back now it's not
a baby I need a mag map to make him look
good pathetic good well I got a hold it
right there oh here's even want to be
with you think you got a monkey to write
on you there's a real live little monkey
he's about to ride my dog making history
doc welcome Paul balls I can subscribe
realistically do you think this is doing
work I tell you the harm that could be
done we don't call him calling business
adage for the sign no he looks root like
he is they look at the tongue it never
makes it all the way in his mouth oh
look at both the tongue I think you
don't free chill man you think it's
possible okay yeah it's really case of
course is putting hand sanitizer on this
hand for maximum sanitary purposes your
monkey has a diaper broke on us to wear
I don't think it's gonna fit Carl that's
a small little diaper cause in the
corner you could see you squeaking oh
he's okay all right come on out but see
how he's holding on to this blanket yeah
it's like a furry blanket so that's why
I know it's gonna work really long as
he's going to just create calls software
I think so yeah okay let me a new quick
sidebar
good chance and call it just needs to
look like I haven't failed today
he's going to hear you behind what's
that night we just took him to peds he
the two other piece why let's try this
thing monkey massage with the toothbrush
wait whoa get him nice and relaxed oh
he's not freaking out oh my gosh oh this
is amazing and you give me a massage
with the toothbrush no but I could slap
you in the face I'll take it
really yeah go nice no yeah oh my gosh
did this require any skill I feel like
I'm doing good you do good man oh thank
you
what do you think of me did you get your
new low game which yeah Logan Paul calm
/op always look yeah what did you guys
think in my head like oh go grab on your
hair for sure but for money hair no oh
my gosh
yo this is absolutely incredible it
feels like a smaller version of dwarf
Mamba as I'm talking my head and just
gripping me dude he's so chill guys look
I do a little monkey hanging out being a
boy
so I'm so happy right I know you don't
want to go my hair buddy just like all
the girls but you have to know how agree
yeah dude this he's going hard dude is
like Titanic bro unknown that go ahead
this is what your hair looks like after
monkeys been in interesting guys know
this could be blog chicory right
nothing much to wear to school right now
what is going down oh my god oh my gosh
II comics chilled oh my god oh my god I
don't know if you like them oh no
carnism is sniffing his tail that chill
I'm going to try to call him Sherlock
down with a little marshmallow Kong's
going from marshmallow to oh yes that's
why we that's why we call me call the
status what are you doing first oh my
gosh you look Hong Kong you good
everybody yo he's kind of on Curtis Lee
when I'm calling is Carolyn there
chillin bro take over didn't even care
still go for the Morrow's oh my god what
is going worse for one second once I
getting used to each other guys this is
good the plan now is to make a little
saddle for Sherlock to Roxy this is
crazy putting the tape under mommy and I
kind of work site that might be yayi but
we distract her with more muscles you
put a marshmallow in front of Kong this
is us being adults and using our brains
it's going down we got two pets
distracted with marshmallows it's
definitely happening three pets track
distracted with marshmallow okay he's
going down guys oh oh
Ayla Ayla he loves you he looks at me
okay we got to get him on calling I know
you love him but his comms turn feel
good right now I feel like this
Oh lookit Oh always happening happening
is happening you know I can't believe we
did it
yo that's a W Rogerian funny bro first
take one like that first day that's just
that's a W I mean congressman puppy he's
a baby monkey for like being youthful
and if you had your time on the fly hi
Connor % I'll take it yeah yeah we did
it Kurt that was epic dude thanks for
visiting me on set or the blog is crazy
look at all this production he's got for
his Vlad and I run into school for sure
that's what I did you guys want to check
out Kurt's channel the link is in the
description Sherlock is also I got
another say a good talk bro I still like
them on focus here on the vlog how are
you pick up some low gangstas waiting
outside set I freaking love when you
guys does it be seen literally behind I
worked at a woman everything in summer
chain every ghost long he just easy got
a monkey riding him 44th I'd be upset if
we did it we were standing out your
first two hours an hour just love the
water it's is very now you guys shooting
no this is uh
oh I'm glad you asked that so no plug
Logan Paul versus coming September and
if we couldn't get any better the
writers of the show repping the merge
Selena Marissa yeah look integrate a TV
show he did funny he talks funny jokes
funny person what do you have to say oh
nothing okay I was about where's my
boyfriend Kong oh he's not here
that's right on my chest oh okay what
double okay chitty-chitty whether I do
some angle i'ma go ahead
I guess what I wrapped up for the day
could you tell cuz my nipples are out no
okay oh man I'm gonna have a big
headache right now
somebody lot about vitamin bottle whoa
okay guys I'm home and I want to address
something okay there is a youtuber named
rice gum you may know him I know him I
consider him my boy we go back to like
we went to the Super Bowl together
tripod anyway people have been tweeting
at me is saying whatever saying like
that he roasted my merch bro what are
you doing
have you not seen the song I do not know
the line do it with the little gang bro
the Mavericks I wanted to talk about
that and address it in a react to it and
as you guys know I like to eject my life
of spice so let's cook up some drama uh
sky right into the new let me just start
by saying I don't want to be a drama
channel I'm not you guys know this we do
epic stuff funny stuff jokes pranks
drama whatever I just happen to enjoy
drum like who doesn't like drama like
can you hate me - fuck you Logan if you
have to get to that also uh before I
forget Jake's billboard uh actually we
do that after ok let you guys know that
it's just a joke like for instance I
might say some stuff about Logan but
that's my boy like me never way back it
is true is to leave my boys in mind try
to roast me bro just a question
give me cool ok how these youtubers
merchant shirt and clothing you know
something that is like you couldn't do
any better well I agree with that a lot
of youtubers merch is weak so again I'll
ask um why you roasted me bro
ok we get it you don't message the love
getting obviously ok let's keep watching
what is this bro I'm sorry I'm going to
get mad because if I see it well you're
you're going to get mad you have no idea
what do you have to say rice if I see a
store
there's no as a cop it is just a port of
Merak light on your chest look rice Tom
let me bro
it's more than a bird
the logo that symbolizes the word
maverick which is what I preach is
people who don't follow the path of
others it's the black sheep in the group
the ones who don't live in the bubble
that on society tries to place on people
people who don't follow the rules road
we think outside the box
I'm getting preachy okay I'm going to
stop here's the thing though write them
this isn't for you do our merch is for
people who are going to change the world
a create the map Albert Einstein Martin
Luther King Gandhi Santa Claus these are
Mavericks probably can't forget the
Santa Claus and who are they delivered
I'm in a budget that's way bigger okay
lots more cool there for a second whole
game for life I love Logan but bro what
is is you need to step it up I mean you
can do way better I always agree that I
can always do better they're not the dog
on that shirt because I love that shirt
but we have a bunch of other stuff
that's amazing including but not limited
to the brand new looking for like T the
monochromatic vocals the - the
back-slapping do USA sweats you good
gross not out yet you've got the v-neck
with the ves - visa of the savages like
yeah yeah everything the point is we got
every did this just turn into a
commercial yes do I give up no oh god so
funny
hi guys it was okay so the stuff you saw
that it's not available on the website
look about like I'm slash shot it will
be but first it's going to be
exclusively available at the pop-up shop
we're hosting a new your weekend of the
14th Friday Saturday Sunday it is going
to be so late guys we're making this
like an entire experience like you're
gonna walk in and you're not going to
feel like you're on planet earth well
I'm excited details tonight will be in
the endcard get your March subscribe if
you're not subscribed during the loge a
beat American I will see y'all tomorrow
take it easy pant plus real quick my bad
I forgot to talk about the Billboard
it's the next morning and I was waiting
to see what was happening with the
situation brother jake has agreed to
take the Billboard down it does take a
bit of time so I'm kind of like okay he
did not physically removed yet but he
did agree to it and the second verse is
like that could like literally ruin my
relationship with him so I'm not gonna
release it if you hate me down give a
because the shadows with it I will see
y'all tomorrow
now I will see y'all tomorrow take it
easy pause again yo this is happening so
real time so fast guys I am on set right
now I just saw a blob this maniac
released the second verse on himself yo
I respected dude like he said like he's
a maverick snaps of applause grunt of
snap good job Jake
like literally recording on my iphone
right now there's no air conditioning
here's somebody but like screw it dude
if he's gonna do it I might as well do
it but if he's gonna do it I might as
well do it second burn going live in
like three hours enjoy up shade now
are you tell me alderman cool okay
