I've never gone under today before like
ever
ah good morning low getting would pop
okay how I guess it's one of those
mornings cat wake up there's only one
way to do that yeah I know I know
another morning young come doggy good
morning puppy that's my boy right there
oh you know he's also mumble d√©cima
good morning guys yeah we had a little
incident about an hour ago you okay my
friends good morning Logan hey I need ya
out here wearing white underwear can you
put on something else's people that's
employment yeah but luckily my girl halo
is here the adults of the house please
just be a faithful teacher and I never
cleaned up his lunchbox
you were preschool teacher or you're in
preschool gotcha it's got another little
problem on our hands what having the
phone is broke yeah why do you think you
can get a SIM card how obviously on a
helper it was with a fishing pole
there's nothing else pointing out what
but I have fishing hooks yeah you do let
me help fish you go
you didn't come let's go check them back
brother this obviously yes we are
first item in the agenda it's a gift
shoot it's like a photo shoot but gift
with gifts I love walking Kong because
he's just so excited about life so the
building's guest level is somewhat high
there's no there ok Kong can high
maintenance he did request an elevator
yeah your little Hollywood dog aren't
sure he can't be broke and to make it
worse for auto how to tell you this you
step in it bro yeah
I'm so sorry bro the Helicon are you
still high maintenance I know for a fact
he just peed like 20 minutes ago he's
not even do it cuz you have to see he's
of Principles
chris is like everybody I'm like ahead
yeah the good news is this place is Lee
yeah bro Emily I got foosballs they've
got a little mini golf got mini dog and
next four scooters yo a wall of TVs
forget long it's like a TV wall but with
gifts just a for fun like you hope it
just this is the wife Rocco walk you
home bro that's my watch my coat at home
keeping on here the cast of Riverdale
what now you're about to have Kong to
stab hoping you might be all the way
down Tonkin issue is a result everything
I've ever dreamed up oh my God look good
on you okay you like
and
and
today okay good times at the kid photo
shoot we are back home right now except
let's pump the brakes real quick why
what is this doing why is this outside
of my heart Ayla Ayla Ayla
you're not a love for the dishwasher
please okay guys either Ayla turned into
a man who knows how to fix dishwashers
or I'm being robbed
I know oh god what I do oh thank god did
I scare you
sorry I missed you you scared me okay
I'm sorry okay when we say the way to
step so numbers but it came on you
literally did not say English words
right there you did not speak English
replay you always say the way to set
some phrases but it kick wanna introduce
be doing friend oh one day horn we had
George I have a friend named George you
love George
no maverick says you do well I don't
have why are you here 16 the dishwashers
know what yeah someone's got to take
care of the house and you're not well
here's the real issue ahead are you
getting the boxing gloves yes well I am
because we have found the weakest link
from your dishwasher and you can't wash
dishes typical
so what is this why is it here suppose
please tell me what did that even bridge
the single piece of bread is doing in
the freezer George you didn't why why
are you free in a piece of bread and
then it's good for the dogs on the TV
why okay guys so in yesterday's vlog I
said I actually have a date scheduled
for today yeah I know I come on go say
that it's gonna be great I'm come on I'm
a good day buddy I have a good day
ignore him okay here I'm in the merch
closet I gotta pick an outfit that's
gonna make this go go we got the
Maverick USA sweater we got the USA sure
we got the savage hoodie we got the
classic red maverick but you know I need
something clean a good sister oh oh here
we go
this is clean oh yeah okay haha this is
definitely dope but I want to get a
little bit fancier oh yeah bro we're
going to go with it you know
tell me that's not like this is the
sexiest thing you've ever sexier a
little peek and a maverick we're just a
little peek I'm not showing the Hult
it's like if you can look at the mini
but you can't no to the whole thing does
he also just little finishing touch a
little maverick huh Oh chicks calling
big me dude I'm out time to see what the
homegirl able to rethink my out I'm
going on my date today yes yes she's
butter ride with you oh my god the one I
can see them onto the arms I prefer oh
okay
come to talk with you from this part to
here know if your back smells good you
get a shot please two years ago I'm just
kidding I'm hot Jenna cos you know what
did you do call okay coming she's being
okay it did not never gone on a date
before like how you doing hey Vaughn
Logan hi nice to meet you finally
let me to do come on into my house like
I think about get kicked out this is my
vlog channel it's logan paul vlog with a
fast-growing channel on youtube
okay Palmisano you just had a mistaken
Yvonne for sure it's me so were you from
a small town in Maryland
nice nice so this might be weird but I
feel like I've met you before you look
like someone and you look exactly like
someone I know
not all doors are the same person oh I
like that like that I'm just you like
your facial structure am I crazy
no she looks familiar we think Nina
we're taking you on a date oh yeah oh
yeah oh he bought a plant for us that it
would be my date
Jiwan is a my girl a tinder get half my
dog calm he's wet right now she looks
like a little bitch but normally he's
cool how are you here for a long time
with very short time why would you say
that I mean like why you have to say
short time you look better
hey you up there we can go away from you
that's fine baby Hamlin is on things
asshole
oh thank you thank you beautiful hair
take it hey guys oh come on these are
what we call those gangsters they're
part of the most savage family on
YouTube oh my god
that's my girl yeah very sweaty hands go
ahead
what hey just going on dates so this is
Hollywood it's kind of my territory like
homeless people piss on it all the time
agent is back you know what's up dude
how you doing bro I'm going on a date
that's all now like you what's that you
like me too so I hope or that's my girl
you're real hot item upon yeah it's a
poet man okay it's my date oh my god I'm
a beautiful Yvonne Yvonne hi nice to
meet you Jeff sees what she's like my
girl kind of watch out buddy watch out
Freddy watch out of the car there
Brandon walking roughly I fly
now we're looking at way delay I don't
know this is a weird question but
traffic you up
that's like a tree antenna
he was out if you have she's mine haha
we live in it we'll open it
Lizzy left if you do efficiently tag me
at Logan fall on Instagram if you want
to follow me there there we all are they
go I'm a gentleman what can I say this
is my baby mom on a date me here you
know what I'm gonna surprise you come to
life again sit right here
that's injury poster and then just still
move I'll be back with that very good a
few moments later I know you said you
wanted tea but I got a cupcake
you make me so happy I don't even know
you that well what's your favorite hobby
not like shoot gun
most girls aren't into that stuff I kind
of like that I'm not like most girls who
you got a dish maybe we've seen our
cupcake she's like I got to the smallest
block of ice yeah
one eternity later that's when I
realized that I want to be a full-time
blogger Oh feeling a little messy you
got a little
all the guys you know Logan you can't be
afraid to make a community establish
dominance right away yeah I don't want
this awesome but maybe you do
no thanks I've every new club where
people we on each other's feet you eat a
lot of carbs are like not not normally
working out a lot what do you work out
like maybe like spot dust or something
like oh cool I can tell you a really
good shape that stings like to the pot
holy you need a napkin
I think so how do you think the dates
going so far gone I think it's going
pretty good I guess he's like he's
nervous yeah he was telling me he was
nervous earlier I got a napkin but I
actually already use all of them what
are you high oh honey this is a book
this ain't no pictures but is a group
it's like a blog with a me video all
happiness Nellis seventh one I'm going
to date with my girl Yvan really gonna
hate you guys I think he's retired come
on
how do I shoot because you're making my
date nervous hi I'm Rosie
hi I guess because I'm a vlogger Brody
no this vlog like ladies what TV other
this welcome I'm always bored eating
love smashing blog going on dates plug
his have a camera you hate 24/7 not in
my face sometimes pointed out in my
crotch there posing Logan them honey
gates Egan on camera key is love first
what your first one there any better
options
I'm sorry I feel I just come on what do
you think get out yeah yeah we'll go
back up to my place yeah let's see what
happens yeah okay let's go
this is a nice bed guy yeah bang thanks
guys we finished bad I'm reading this
bad smashing this bed all sources oh
cool
oh I thought I don't know I was trying
to kiss you again you work you know I
know I realize I mean understand anyway
coming up - OH
you really hurt my face calm calm please
you hit very hard where girl God can try
to fix to a buck okay I had a cool thing
that was going to show you and show the
low game and I'm gonna do it anyways but
just know I'm not happy I'm gonna be
sick okay I made a mistake I just look I
was very excited on a finally people
have been asking for Mon Kong this
savage t-shirt yeah because they're made
after call and I know what you're
thinking Logan what a inopportune time
to plug your merch okay this shirt is
amazing intercom buzzes King Kong that's
your margin I'm Scott hey hey you
thought I could maybe give you something
to wear yeah cool okay
yeah I'm still recovering from my cheek
clouds I'll get you something but I got
one for you I feel like you're like this
is how I sound like hot cake maybe you
want to try it on honey where's this
telephone box when a daddy bought you
screaming oh that was why you look
familiar
Brendan that was my god it's Evan
yo yeah oh my god we are going to show
you something
- bro there's a picture of us - it's
beautiful
anyway let's get you out of this dress
bro this is weird yeah tell me got you
guys guys right my boy is back yo use
Messer Donnelly we try yeah we're a
lethal combo can we become the
Internet's best duo grown only in the
best internet duo ever that is the bug
guys I seriously please just drop these
Tongass a pictures let me get called
it's a joke because it's like King Kong
right but it's Kong space and this is
calling to savage with the maverick
symbol that's whatever anyways
late for that the links of that is in
the description or look about like
outside and my blog but shake my head at
the camera you want to do only give it a
go oh here we go make sure to subscribe
to in the logging I will see y'all
tomorrow
take it easy 1000 would work on it
you'll get it tomorrow
