you'll have 48 hours until Saturday at
midnight to remove the billboard or I'm
releasing the second birth good morning
what does that's good how are you guys
all worried sick never glow go maverick
logo maverick logo it's a good day I
just got back from Hawaii yesterday with
my boy Brendan how you doing yeah yeah
where's Evan by the way come on are you
good bro okay he's not good bro what
what did you just say laughs okay so I'm
still waiting to see my boy Kong hey hey
hey I just in Seoul are you what who I
was yeah yeah tell me Chloe
oh I don't think I've ever seen so many
pictures of clothing like in one day are
you tagging them all heck yeah all I get
are tackling you are too oh yeah it's
just call me but look at you Oh what's
all his hair cream we need cleaning
you mean you cut it hair you beg that
means like plan yeah why did you do that
look he's having enough fucking Kong
anymore anyway what Brenna's quick
sidebar Oh what she could she could come
here without telling me ah Kong hair bro
I tasted bran
okay I'm like my heart's Thanksgiving
beats do so Abel's cut Kong's hair
without asking me
well I'm trying to handle this
go are you good bro cloud only motto is
that if you feel bad I'm so stupid in
you it's the next thing under to do this
number 5 scare-able achieved the one a
quest to do that you gonna hear cuz I
felt maybe I need you to get the hair
back I'm not even kidding
what do you want me to tape it back on
you know I just I'm just grab your
things and go oh you deserve that don't
make it happen I don't what you thinking
bro home to savage like my prized
possession guys you've got 1.7 million
followers on Instagram Z growing and
growing bro
okay you know what whatever back to the
book god you got good news no no no no
no Mike yeah that maverick duffel bag
and y'all seen it the best backpack in
the world's I'm mad with backpack yeah
the reason I bring this up if you guys
thought yesterday's vlog what big
announcement we were doing a pop-up
maverick merch shop in New York the
weekend of the 14th items like this will
be here this will be here like super
exclusive not available online even if
you don't live in New York this is
really sunny even if you don't live in
New York like plan on flying to New York
the weekend with the 1450s and 16 okay I
want to shut down Times Square like I
want people to see exactly how strong we
are compress we got the dope is nuts in
the game yeah you're the reason that
bring this up is because as you saw in
yesterday's blog the weekend of the 14
15 and 16 we're doing a pop-up shop for
mavar merch in New York City I'm talking
oh oh so I for everyone in the room
sorry about that I got first item in the
agenda here doing a little like
photoshoots less promoters we are doing
a little photo shoot slash promotion
thing for my show Logan Paul versus you
guys were there i vlog the whole thing
this season season 2 is epic edge
there's a pretty Banks Brendan you can't
deal read mentally
red lip yes Wow doesn't your head does
oh I like that yeah by the way to go
gang this little update on that
okay that was dull right now we're going
I believe back home cuz Jake wants to
like pick me up and show me something oh
what a g-spot oh she taught you how to
check I'll do it
I'm coming right now I'm nervous bro I
know for a fair is I know for a fact he
doesn't have to show me his new truck
that's what he did you got a so fuckin
there is but I don't really want to get
in the back get in the truck bed
I do it back there bro are you nervous a
little nervous because it's just a train
horn train horn yeah I don't believe it
for one second
I'll show you this has got to be illegal
and it has got to be some smiling
decibel limit the jury asking I'm so
yeah when you're looking for a target
I'm curious you go for like old lady
like chance of heart attack you go for
like a young kid whose eardrums haven't
developed yet like blow mouth like how
do you decide young and spry ders once
she looks young it's bright Oh yo Jake
you're in sevens I love it wrote a more
savage to more subscribers
okay I have one more thing to show you
as well don't dare to disrespect I just
I wanted to get you something to
depreciate there - all love yep I knew I
knew some shut the fuck up shut the fuck
up bro no I don't know what's happening
to get ready I'm nervous right now I'm
in the back of the truck nobody's
telling me what's going on no I don't
love that merch in my faces on it like I
love it but I don't know what I do isn't
it ray or nah I won't be spirits Michael
hold your ball prove this is dude no I
didn't think it you just love my merch
you could just say so I I didn't make
that I would never make that money I
think you did it no yeah no I definitely
didn't dude where did you get that photo
that looks awful himself no it is photo
shutter that's bonus table yeah I think
that's real
on the shirt it's not kind of a life
it's real I feel like that's the quality
of Jake's merch no so it makes sense
very special evening yeah hey that's all
you got to know we're here you know we
don't lose baby oh not not mutual
but I'll yell I'll see you later he's
good he's my brother he's good I could
round of applause for Jake Paul you
gotta do something we gotta do something
bro like that's the grenda's it's not
that loud I don't know why people are
jumping
that's my win that's my little weight
eight nine ten
well new record 14 15 16 survey at this
point okay he just of yo you good bro
you need to survey okay let's talk about
a fantastic prank but low gang like you
guys know like we don't really lose
follow Jake Paul this track is 50
million views and plus the one line you
know okay keep the low game don't do it
do be right moment are you there but
what do you mean you don't know whoa
whoa God don't have permission turn it
off
don't tell him to do that I'm not
talking about to you right now yo you
hit a new record under a 15 second car I
don't give up like you know I was
impressed I'm saying no no dude it's not
fucking joke what're you gonna put in
there come please oh no not the police
hey shaken dude because I want to knock
you out that's why well I got you on
camera it wouldn't be smart I know that
don't worry like that so when the police
calm deal then you don't have a mug on
interesting and you don't and if you
don't have permission to put me on video
totally it's gonna take it's good I'm
gonna get a ticket you know they're
gonna take their goodness you could take
my champion for me yo can you ask them
if they'll be here like like two minutes
of Kahlua my overs gonna be here too so
I hope they're fasting that he's deli
balling later yo my uber is here you can
catch us on YouTube at youtube.com slash
Logan Paul fluffy
dude he's getting he's getting the uber
license plate otherwise recording me my
face is on the internet it's behind you
- currently Biden yeah don't worry I
hope your kids win the soccer game Oh
what oh I don't know this is like the
day just got super interesting okay
Logan I'm sure and not because I guys
beat my record for the longest honk
jay's prank do what number talks about
how he doesn't want hey and to like
publicize like fighting and then he goes
and does just that I'm feeling like the
same way I did when he released his diss
track on me Nicki what are you doing
though we know how this ended up last
night
being publicly humiliated is not on dude
even when you're doing great there's no
later student role I would never be
caught dead wearing Jake's March like
that's embarrassed I said bro buddy who
buys ever know me not you know hugging
if you bought that Merc you know this
doesn't locate bro also know um I just
uh collect it look here's here's our
chart pre-k my demographic my audience
is different than G I want to establish
a family that is going to change the
world right a family of Mavericks who
don't give a shit about other people or
what they think they know their goals
and they're going to achieve them but if
you reppin Jake's merch they're just
like you're just wearing pink camel
anyways Logan you know this we have to
win somehow we'll figure it out we I
don't know yet but we will figure out oh
yeah I thought you're going to do that
oh you know I just found it and she was
real quiet thrown it together it's so
good oh he's got beautiful head of hair
now huh sorry
Ella thinks you belong to her you belong
to me
so this ain't for this you're pissing me
off I'm already salty okay one eternity
later
so what's going on dude I've been
sitting here with calm I've been
thinking about what the next move is I
have a plan Brendan I do I have a plan
brother Jake I did not want to pull this
card I did it man but you say you want
the peace and you want to avoid the hate
on YouTube low-hanging clearly like you
guys can see I can take that's not true
Jake like you're a hypocrite dude if my
boy wants drama I'm gonna come up with
some trouble wouldn't be caught dead
wearing Jake's the uncreated much guys
notice I'm trying to start a movement of
Mavericks people who think outside the
box see like for the lens of possibility
and he bears to reduce me to his perch
this they're gonna be hilarious
this is Jake's garage door out of his
how clean is now coming days
this is a message for Jake Paul message
for Jake Paul you'll have 48 hours until
Saturday at midnight to remove the
billboard or I'm releasing the second
birth always be a maverick marce lincoln
description new york city pop-up shop
the weekend to the 14th yeah
let's go hi guys I love you yeah
oh man the war has begun
you like those a little close Brendan so
many plugs super subtle super subtle
blogs it
oh man the cops behind that's my brother
he stepped out in front of me name thank
you thank you literally don't even have
my driver's license I can't believe I
didn't get a ticket hold on I have Murch
Virginia takes a real much boy oh my god
yo Earl you I saw they were just posted
up in the middle of the street
oh man you just fun dude okay what a
weird chain of events man I know
probably a lot of people right now are
thinking like oh this is a publicity
stunt this is fake whatever it is it's
not I can promise you I'm legitimately
mad it's just like bro what why do you
put me in this position brother Jacob
regardless hum once again there's going
to be a pretty entertaining next two
days with that set low gang you know I
love you guys it's fun that I get to do
this crazy stuff with my life and you
guys get to live it with me so thank you
for that if you're not a part of the
family make sure you subscribe join be a
maverick get your marks link in
description as if I didn't already plug
that enough today and I will see y'all
tomorrow take it easy man
