I know you guys don't want to sell this
how to give the people what they were
given didn't what am I talking about
dude hey yo good morning okay what's up
yo okay guys I'm making waves on the
Internet today
drop it eat bro I got three hours of
sleep guys I was up til seven am
recording a new song that is being
released today
oh good morning call me excited for the
music videos from abroad guys I can tell
you with absolute certainty that's going
down no I'm not yelling super I felt
like and you guys know this as well the
Internet is like a screwed right now so
much drama and hatred and just overall
bullshit I felt like the world needed a
charge to step in and make a shift wrong
in music video well do you do I can be
your chance
hi I'm worried I oh yo why you pooping
in my vlogs now bro no I look tired
because I am tired I know because I was
making a new song it's just like about
all this stuff that's happening on the
internet and like me i roast a couple
people and like it's whatever we going
okay he doesn't care yeah bye maverick I
love you guys I just wanted a new
creative challenge like my brother made
a song where he was like basically
flexing on everybody obviously he got
hella heat from that I was like enemies
in a way I was like you know Jake's
getting so much attention that I'll hey
by the way Brandon wanted I feel this
morning bro went out last night so fuck
yeah we were swivel my dog is standing
out here and anything is a cool thing
okay anyway I felt like and this might
make me dumb but I don't want my brother
to go down like yeah you guys like he's
an idiot like he really is he's my idiot
Paul and if he is going dark
get off gone with I'm just kidding you
guys know it we're passionate we work
hard here and the family you're the love
you know it and I don't know how to say
this good morning Brendan but not
thinking stuff like we are the lead as
we are driving to the first location
which is actually West Coast custom
they're the ones that are doing like a
remodeling of my cool buff and I think
they still have it I don't think they
started remodeling it just yet I can see
my baby again I think they're gonna let
it use some of their cars Oh
oh yeah the gate level is approaching
max laughs my favorite part about these
music videos is that we do them for free
and we just bang them out in a day like
that's how you do it though this is
literally like all my wardrobe for the
day just a crap you set up ever but you
already know it's gonna be eight now it
gives me great pleasure to know that my
bus is being
it's a good news I mean bro damn that's
my boy it's been so long what's about to
happen when you someone tell me what
happened
it's my bus were you talking about my
phone I'm sorry I forgot about me is
about it and you said oh the fact that
it's still going down in this crew bus
no just kidding me yeah you are oh wait
nothing on vlog hayla thanks for being
called hi buddy
oh yeah Yi wait a sec it wasn't my boy
oh it's Sebastian he's the one who
directed the first diss track against my
brother son yo we out here dude check us
out these cars are so cool is this a
suitable spot to do the first shot you
do if we got to do it got a do it yeah
we'll bring out this will bring out the
car oh by the way guys let's talk about
these for a second obviously you guys
know that we just drop this new maverick
murder and it is fire bro like it is so
comfortable I'm out here I am bro yo you
know while the iron's hot wrap this up
in the fourth of July the link is in the
description okay but I should wake up
bro we got a music video to shoot you
your music videos are no joke guy and
you guys know this I get hot like super
easy so the shirt came off the nipples
are out what's one of these cars are the
coolest oh this one's cool this was
pretty cool too this one I but this is
the one yo wassup Oh God know why I did
that
maybe I should make the bus that cause
oh hi buddy you not like kayln oh yeah
me either but Oh what that's why he
doesn't like you taking a small break
I'm sitting here with Jordan and she
tells me that this girl can dance she is
still in you dance what's your name
Arizona Phoenix yeah okay so I'm gonna
play a song for you I think it just went
platinum actually here you may have
heard it before why does it sound
familiar
Justin tell me a beautiful
I need a break maybe I don't have a seat
Oh tell me how
you should be dancer the Gnostic blog
that they go I guess now is a good time
to say as the official help me help you
really that is now out on Spotify yes
that's whatever it's no big deal don't
worry about it no what are you eating
this is literally the saddest meal I've
ever seen hey like you're such a sweet
girl should not have just a salty little
chicken sandwich actually pretty good
well it doesn't look like that because I
must say no thank you I'm just saying
bro so youth nowadays needs to be filled
with nutrition figure it out why would
you tell me to spit it out of it sorta
good though it was kind of good I'm not
gonna lie I doggone it but it's
delicious and that's a wrap on location
numero uno number two yeah it should be
a vlogger try it oh my god you guys
follow me at Logan Paul okay low gang we
are at the second location as you guys
can see here it's like this mansion type
thing it's pretty cool I want to show
you too much I want to keep it a
surprise because I think this music
videos gonna be dope and it's something
you can look forward to right like
everybody likes surprises okay let's go
home I must admit guys the sleep is go
hi don't shake the lack of sleep I
should say is finally catching catching
up to me and also not so cool thing and
getting a lot of tweets about that Logan
Paul if you want to follow me on Twitter
parts of the second verse golly how did
this happen I looked into a guy's it's
real second verse what parts of it were
Lady Jaye so right immediately I'm like
what the like the rat in my squad
where's what did I miss something that I
just got a hack I'm going through all
the options and then I see the footage
Logan allow me to sling because as soon
as I saw this footage I knew exactly
what happened you guys remember the vlog
on the day that we were shooting the
medium rare music video there was a door
to get up into the helipad like a metal
door and shut the door
we couldn't get into this door cuz it
was loud ignore at the door
Wow actually I have the footage just I'm
just gonna here real close people up
here oh how did you get up here hey
Ozzie how are you doing oh nice nice bro
this is a book suiting up if I saw this
kid oh my god
thanks lettuce it rose like dope like
you recognized me it was cool there's
nothing the helipad I was walking around
checking out the views and then his
other friend who was on there recognized
me as well oh yeah bro oh yes mouthful
yeah you were good there bro let's do it
so I'm like though bro I got these low
gangster I thought they were looking so
I got these little gangsters okay I
think you're next in my bowl and the pro
of course I'm kind of in a zone right
now so just let me shoot this music
video and then we'll take it the sexiest
picture of 2017 so we start shooting our
music video it was this part of the
music video I'm on top of the helipad by
the way that look pretty good dude
anyways here's how it looks from the
behind the scenes from my vlog camera
obviously not as hype as the actual
music video itself plates my content I
captured it I control where it goes blah
blah blah little did I know and no one
on my squad
notice that these two kids we're filming
us and taking pictures the whole time
like oh my god it just slid all the
drama happens
blah blah blah I want to release it I
can't release it it goes too hard blah
blah blah by the way the actual music
videos the edited music video which is
what makes like the second verse like
kind of like oh this cannot be released
on the internet that's fine as far as I
know no one will ever see that this is
strictly like just the lyrics like the
lyrics were Lee and I guess the person I
was shooting with as well so then like
the low gang you guys got my back
between me like yo I think I may have
seen this whatever and someone sons
mewling I see this video online and it
is indeed the second verse for the first
time ever on the inner and I lose
my call management I'm like bro how did
this happen and we take it down as a
copyright blah blah blah and so we start
striking these videos because I know
it's just going to get reposted a repost
it's like this floodgates are loose in
an hour we had taken down like 150
videos and each one only has like 400
500 views of people just repost and it
like once it's up on the Internet bro
like good luck that's staying there so
once again and I'm like don't we shoot
at home music video today and the whole
day like everyone's like y'all how did
you hug there's Khalid look what
happened well how did this happen and
I'm like bro it's this guy who I thought
was a cool guy like I talked to him
about where he's from what he's doing
intellect we had a conversation we took
pictures together and it turns out he's
just a douche minute he only hosted this
for his own personal gain even though I
made it very clear that I did not want
this on the Internet so I see this video
online on even on the original count was
posted and it has 1.2 million views by
the time you're watching this vlog who
knows it's not going to be online
anymore but like these it probably would
have been like 5 million and it's just I
reach out to the guy on Instagram like
I'm like yo please take it down to like
this is your fault because in the
original video he said he goes I know
that Logan does not want this on but I'm
going to give the people what they want
you bro from the bottom of my heart
you brought I lost my cool there for a
second I'm just like bro you know what
actually this might be good because this
music videos that I'm releasing actually
I'm going to make it a part of this look
I just decided David like I said I've
reached out to the guy I'm going to take
this opportunity to teach a lesson I
feel that I'm in a position of power and
I can use it to inspire and teach and
help people learn and grow here we go
hey man I just got off the phone with
your manager Jeff I convinced him to
call Jeff and he was dumb enough to
actually do it super cool guy it was
really great to talk to you hell yeah
that's why he's my manager
I just want to start off by saying sorry
man keep still it was one of those
impulse things I'm a marketing guy by
Nature well I see an opportunity to see
growth in my following and numbers and I
made the impulse move to do it without
taking into account how it might affect
yourself in your relationship with your
family
kubera I'm a human to do you even said
in the video like you're like I know you
guys don't want to so it's time to give
the people what they were given didn't
what do I'm talking about do you have
400 subscribers what people are you
talking about let me give the people
what they want with hopefully
entertaining laws and content bank's
health amusements I'm sorry guys I feel
attacked my whole team does it like
everyone on our team is like damn I
spent time with this guy straight-up
betrayed me not to mention I don't know
how Jake feels about it I guess this is
what I learned from this this guy was a
fan right he's not a little gangster so
Marilyn Logan would not do this fans are
cool I appreciate a fan but they are not
this they are not this family that we
have oh and also I'm gonna kick people
off of my music recess from now on today
anyways um yeah we spent the whole day
shooting this music video
hahahaha I think you guys are going to
like this so uh yeah enjoy little ol
odious solid there give this video a
thumbs up new member merch is available
now selling like hotcakes bro get it
while the haze and while you can link is
in the description for that you'll see
me reppin it in this video and edit I
will see you guys tomorrow if you're not
subscribed make sure to subscribe we are
currently the fastest growing community
on YouTube and with that said take it
easy tempies whoa why the light outside
what happened hey guys okay so it's the
next day I'm actually recording this the
same day that I posted this vlog I'm
reviewing this music video before it
goes live and it's actually kind of late
for that reason I am going to separate
them so this vlog and then the music
video is going to come out in a couple
hours what it says the link will be in
the description so prepare to go watch
that give it a thumbs up like a setting
that yeah now it's locked okay
oh my god it just
