just wheel you a little snit bigoted
okay we are going to Hawaii - yo come
fuck your blogging bro what to do guys
we're going yo what's your deal - can I
just blog without having my pets
interrupt me boy we are going to Hawaii
tomorrow with a group of friends Brendon
Evan my cast mate Chloe Bennet in
celebration of wrapping our movie valley
girl my first big movie excuse me a fun
day prepared for that vlog in my life
away like it's just crap first off
however I got it first off however I got
this in the mail last night okay okay
guys no one loved art I don't know what
this is but I got it sent to me in the
mail and I look bit what is this bro
yeah I don't even know what to make it
is like what it's created you want to do
this yeah you're whoa oh my god you're
easy it's amazing is what it is just I'm
gonna be that weird bird guy in my life
that's just my destiny is Randy has so
many naked photos I really do
I gotta feel like there's one on your
bed
I are so many bigot borders of myself
you want to say that let's do it oh my
god bro oh my god what is this is so
crazy
obviously maverick Lunger come here doll
just kidding you're up what do you think
good okay well he's gone and then I kept
okay I'll see you later this happened
after that you good bro hey bro call you
under there Oh what the feel what he
doin bro what are you do the call you
goodra we do you cool what's on you bro
you on you call what is
that is tape you call you cable under
there you crazy
oh come on take away
thanks pass Logan guys how weird is that
and you think he'd stop no look you're
right now Rose stop oh I see you you
gotta chill bro you have tape on you
again come here buddy what you deal with
to expose what I'm doing by line and I
know you're joking Harriette these
couple of times there's were burning
stuff upon the of the balconies no I
mean it did a lot of times to reverse
them on the doctor you put okay so
that's considered Olivo you know can't
see this should be go down on me only a
high wrestling oh oh justice or future
reference okay sure yeah totally bro
it's been like a month okay come
surprise it going now my foot 500-1000
really yeah what's agree okay when I
think Aris okay I was bad rough y'all
literally like you've been burning
things on your balcony I was like yeah
but it's been like a monster flashback
okay I got you I got you
you gotta go that's illegal and I'm like
oh I didn't know that was illegal I
figured maybe it's round upon yeah but
not like actually a leak cuz I wrote
there's a guy behind him just smiling
because I'm literally in my boxers and
he's like I will
nice to meet you like I think he was a
brand new D was in the low game for sure
bro you're smiling I usually go here
like this John Logie never you know he
really he was like okay bye also caution
you are becoming a naughty dog when it
really it's a lease for 100% where is
she by the way hello who is it not the
fire department Fire Department game
what hi good morning
sorry I don't know I don't know what the
next thing I'm going to do it to do this
gala I didn't write it
over you I don't have an issue what I do
have tissue oh wow a look our Leila do
you need a tissue
can you stop we're still being naughty
it's your fault he's naughty you're are
you gonna wait no wait don't open that
don't open that maverick
over there okay we're not going out yet
but I'm gonna stomp out Matt later so
good please don't worry maverick we
won't open the door when you're here I
can't have my boy flying away
what plates what plates there's no more
of them they're gone you think she's
good brother doing a give you a survey
hey wait look behind you it's kind of
ironic you're holding long as a conk
painting right behind you scoffs oh look
that's funny look kong-kong and it is
maverick of it wow that's amazing
don't what wait are you good run
it's a you gobo survey you just take it
no boy you can play on the wall sweep it
up with the rest of the crap on the
floor
you tell me yeah no I won't tell you at
all I stayed on vlogger what do you guys
think what do you guys think
later on today nyla you look great
a beautiful girl yo guys it is a good
day I did cook up a coffee I drank
coffee on wired rise I normally don't
drink coffee
Layla and I are going to an audition
right now she's driving I know she can
barely see over the steering wheel but
she's driving so I could read my line I
can I'm I said you could but barely like
you guys are the same
you are literally like two weeks and
higher than this theory when you see me
wrangling the kid I'm going to kill this
audition guys and then obviously the
rest of the day is gonna be super late
you know recording a song tonight it is
the low gang and basically just a song
for you guys the low gang to jam
oh yeah I already said that though
you're a little late okay by the way
guys I know you're gonna miss me I'm not
going yeah what the hell are you good
bro I'm not clearly cuz I can't even
speak I was really ugly do you know if
everything is you just hold the camera
and she seriously doesn't look good Ayla
you're really a pretty girl oh you love
me a little bit well how much below you
Sam for the five days you guys but
they're gonna be amazing music videos
coming yeah yeah she knows dude Beyla
wish me luck wish me luck
take a good look Thanks oh my gosh will
you marry me okay back home and by home
I mean something I should have done a
long time ago I love getting a haircut
oh I appreciate you do you're literally
saving my day to make my mother
disappeared dude I got you let's do it
sit back guys my hair is finally normal
length again goodbye goodbye we don't
need you anymore
Rico thank you bro you're the man oh my
god guys I literally feel like a new man
I also am aware that I look like coconut
head right now but trust me hi Evan oh
yeah I'm coconut heaven I just gotta
settle in bro so be it
no stop that it's not even like on b-boy
I'm beavering no it is trust me just
like give me a day bro what you got here
Ryan send cookies uh-oh like actually
for me and oh I can tell you sugar oh
that's kind of dull damage is done ha ha
ha yo the other cartridge yo you could
have spontaneous celebrations right we
should say that when we do something
don't ya rock plays on ya why me - what
you're getting what you're getting well
I'm your haircut just anyway I got it
now yeah it looks like shit oh sorry
yeah hurts my feelings consider your
feelings I'm so sorry I'm actually not
I'm not kidding I look down there you go
cause my glasses you're getting paper
place was worse on paper point bro I
looking I am on my way to other why
don't we boys have if you guys remember
about a month ago I said if we could get
half a million likes on a video we'd
make like a low gang anthem I
surprisingly because the savages and
we're strongest we got it it's basically
a song for you guys the low gang to just
jam out to when you guys want to get
pumped me motivation whatever also you
guys know us when we touch something
like I'm not trying to sound cocky but
legit like it turns to gold
ah so so bad was true you guys know
you've seen it all we may keep wrong so
I could see this song going like really
really also this is such a good way to
start the night how do these kids get to
live at this beautiful house with this
beautiful view of like all of Los
Angeles
must be nice bro can you jack Jonah what
up boys shut up don't move Domo
celebrate Jack pull-up poisoning a lot
of them gives you Y good from the air
going to expel your hair yeah please
not big one no right bro you know what
you think resonate in my head don't bro
I'm gonna shake my not your flagrant
it's not your brand don't do it you lose
all your followers I've seen it if you
guys don't know Daniel is like a musical
genius like straight up prodigy and love
you okay we're gonna do a thing yet
dinner do it do it yeah yeah yeah I'm
not looking for taking over I'm on the
beat look applause taking a live look at
all I don't we I'll get bility so hard
I'm not a poet they call me apart I also
go hard I let her get out of here I'm
done why don't we using and whoa whoa
whoa my little brothers they know always
plug this one in the booth post me
locking through all yo the booty shake
the booty changing colors oh this is a
big song I'm not gonna lie
we're all super hyped the lights are
changing colors we out here in the booth
with me yo just like every time I record
I remember I'm not like a musician I can
do music but like it's always so
interesting like actually do so uh yeah
bro here we go G yeah yeah tits ah here
we go
yeah yeah yo am I in this first part
this is when drops here yeah yeah yeah
ah hello Logan Logan recording here and
he's killing it
oh it's supporting okay we're just
telling you hey listen I mean rich but
it's one two three foot Rudolph the
red-nosed reindeer had a very shiny nose
and if you ever saw him you would even
say it glows well there you go special
why don't we rendition of them what is
their calling it is Rudolph threatening
all right peace out people you guys oh
wow wow we grinded for hours as usual
it's like 1:00 a.m. the boys with the
sleeving out of bed time we'd love to
still let it go swinging you a little
sneak peek oh we know that yah okay guys
I'm back home
2:00 a.m. I thought for sure I'd walk in
it never will be asleep and I was like
yo I forgot I'm on TV no sleep I doing
here to a arrow all right how much how
much you others are you doing it Tim no
sleep bro wait a second you have moved
all day yeah you literally haven't moved
all day maybe like your body parts but
from this spot you have a movie myth a
piping bag okay that's actually a good
sign yeah by the way we have to get up
in three hours
all right team really no sleep okay okay
that is the vlog I know today was a bit
of a weird ball hag home yeah
interesting vlog today not typical
Bunny's next like I don't know six days
or so in Hawaii are going to be late I
can't wait for you guys to see this song
as usual I love you go out be a maverick
and I will see y'all tomorrow
take it easy faster
oh yeah yeah yeah
fabric yeah yeah
