okay the second verse is officially out
good morning okay what's up guys it's a
weird morning I feel weird my hair is
weird my eye is weird what's going on
but once I got this rip like I'm doing
here
oh my god going on auditions I thought
you they're going on today are gonna bet
my boy wait are you really
people call me rules stop no Hollywood
if you're watching this box die today
I'm going on set for the movie I'm doing
called valley girl big movie y'all know
about it I'm being produced by MGM it's
a lion ago but yeah I feel weird this
morning bro like I need to wake up oh
what'd you say to me bro said you look
weird this is my boy right here hi Kong
doggies hope that makes you old fuck you
so there's one of my boys Myles are one
of my boys over here yeah do with it I
do good morning hi maverick are you
coming coming down I help I do see the
pimple on my face yeah you don't got to
point out for the whole low gang this in
you know I was going to go pop it maybe
would it be well just try ChaCha
you're fine and it sucks because I'm
shooting a movie today yeah like a big
feature set are you talking over me are
you about to poop my blog Oh Mike I'm
done with you bro where's the drill guys
we are currently one of the fastest
growing channels on YouTube a so if you
are new here and you're not subscribed
why did it just hit the button let's
talk about this the second verse can you
please just put the vlog camera phone
thing down you're not a vlogger you're
never going to be a vlogger people want
you don't have people I'm almost at 250
K and I'm going on an audition oh yeah
yeah quarter-million or they do know no
one on YouTube I'm saying it's okay so
you don't blog on Instagram guys hashtag
the second verse this is the topic of
discussion of boy 7 this is a topic of
discussion I'm going to leave because I
just don't feel comfortable vlogging in
this environment so I'll see you later
dad bye look at us is one big happy
family sitting in the car
happy okay I'm pretty happy a Brenda's
happy Ayla I'm getting that every once I
was twelve hours together oh yeah we got
a long dance that guys I got a question
for you folks come on Jeff we are
vlogging I think Jeff okay sick back in
my real life why is it worth money
because I yeah thank you brother
yeah hello I'm walking up now look at my
dad now Jeff what is my life yeah why
how's that could you pop this pimple on
my face no the same pimple it's not it's
a volcano like it's going hard in your
streets that's the one here oh my god I
don't touch it
are you really going to try to pop it as
a joke I accurate document that's a
weird thing that man has we're diligent
we were walking through a school okay
they were my god bless Amer hi
are you guys going something Awful's
very set here I'm filming you don't
wanna go to the playground that's all
look it's a little good time learning
and stuff no Aayla you could blend in
here you're very tiny girl hey buddy
this is Ayla she could be your new
girlfriend so he was cute though okay
guys we found set you know how I know
this because we got cars from the 80s as
you guys know this movie takes place in
the 80s this is sexy bro I don't think
that's from the 80s but these two
definitely are where's your characters
Carlo gang my character and his name is
Mickey who has the sexiest car I don't
see here yet don't go wear it Mickey
this is my trailers yo man so spacious
just kidding welcome to the new home
guys
no I like this girl I'm running this
time what is your dope you're really
funny I like your car you doing my
makeup today
I guess now okay well you got a hard job
well obviously on your face Oh yo my
sunglasses do they match your hair last
wish they match my hair whoa Jesus
Hazel's essay okay okay oh you have one
yeah Oh what do you do what are you
gonna do we're just gonna have to step
it out cut it up the roast begins today
what are you Jake hashtag the second
verse my old does that mean I'm old
no no it's my little brother I love him
he's my favorite don't you tell he's a
dope guy did you do it
I did it it's still hair Mickey's back
bitches know why I'm Mickey
I'm Richard this is what I'm wearing 200
level high you don't find out I wasn't
planning on it but now I think I might
have to do Holly Bros you ask you oh
that's why you're cool yeah what about
my pimple get covered enough not I'm so
out here bro this is it bro what you see
my car I can't scoot over there's gum
Ayla's da mila was it you that - there's
P end up Oh grace must be polite really
smooth okay guys so this is our step
production is all over here my car you
haven't seen it yeah yeah look at this
baby
yah-ha right so they just called Logan
to set and he just hopped in his car for
the first time this thing is sexy brings
a guy 875,000 common people just want a
secondary economy I lose the contender
success as a second verse second half
please please please release the second
verse released a row post at Logan there
835 K comments muah ha ha ha but you
guys saw yesterday long we made a chart
whatever gonna tonight iTunes bro that's
to me yes because I don't want the whole
internet to see it like it's that bad
can't have that happening I mean like an
exclusive yes for the fans who commented
and the fans who really want to see a
hashtag let's check it work it was like
yo I wish you would release the whole
thing because it's like it is all I'm in
tell me you won't even do this and when
I literally watch your video like I was
like I literally went with nothing yo
Ayla Ayla a benefits of being on a big
movie set this guy has the Cooley gokyo
ale is beautiful I just realized you
just really I just realized what is it
oh it's good beer and rope
I realize that there is fruit here but
for some reason they got some plants in
here and think they play no no no don't
get your jump ring on me and my blue
you're a walking disaster that's a good
thing you're pretty
I appreciate you that's what I
appreciate about these are they are
blocking out the next scene and this is
hilarious oh my gosh it's amazing yes
yeah why aren't you in there I don't
know Oh
so I don't know how much I'm allowed to
show I don't think I'm a lot of selling
anything but I'm fighting for you guys
trying to record what I can let me just
say like this movie is like a legit is
gonna be dope I think it's gonna be like
the New Age High School Musical because
it is a musical yeah bro it's called
valley girl and as you guys just saw
there is nothing like valley girl baby
Mickey's back baby that girl
Mickey's over here looking like a stud
with all the ladies getting into a
hi okay I shot my scene I talked to the
production because I'm not shooting
again for a while and using my suave
moves in massive forehead I convinced
them to let me go
oh okay guys I was just reading through
some of the comments on yesterday's vlog
because I'm going back I'm a curator
valley girl oh she's good
okay we have a problem okay so in
yesterday's vlog the second verse I was
like I am gonna upload this on iTunes so
only its food to audiences that we even
mentioned it earlier today's vlog this
blog has been up for two hours now it
has a hundred like fifty thousand
comments come on I don't have iTunes
please release it for the Logan what are
you don't have ideas well you can't buy
that on iTunes my lash Eila first time I
feel I can just feel stupid in general
cuz my hair and I'm like modulator third
off you guys don't want in that IQ and
I'm hearing your call but I don't want
it on YouTube where does that put this
whole thing has gotten out of hand agree
this is I think you put a pompeiian
million about this is going on the
second looks I'm calm how many do you
think you'll get to this honestly
million in a day called did to grab this
tiger but I'm scared she put on a sad
channel death listen I should Marlon let
me take 10 percent of all your earnings
urine up I can make you upstart master
Gonzaga but I'm fine with showing out I
don't care
give me a hard views hard life at it on
during a hundred row I love you we love
each other but I don't want to hurt my
brother and by putting on YouTube and I
don't want to hurt some people in the
low game by putting it on iTunes behind
a table again we are at like a
standstill eventually we have other
things the word about we have to we have
to move on to the second verse I'm
getting out of my hand I'm done we just
think
second verse okay okay guys I've got
legit I'm done with this this whole
second verse thing I I'm put in a very
weird position I'm in the middle of
trying to be a man of my word like I
said and not hurt my brother but like
part of the Logan is upset pardons not
so I just come one okay no I have a plan
follow him I'm gonna bro I'm done does
it with your clothes forget it for hard
drives
cold hard hard drives I'm gonna take two
hard drives right now
okay watch carefully two identical hard
drive check out the both of my desktop
here I'm naming them both the second
verse I'm naming them both TSV for the
second verse ESV mama drag this over
here we got the second verse right there
I'm gonna play it a little bit prove it
okay
video obviously I cannot show you that
I'm go ahead and copy this to paste it
and I got to the second versus form goes
in here and the other one goes in here
the file is right here the second verse
exit out and we're moving the hard drive
I like these I'm moving them both to my
trash Bank empty empty traffic there is
only two places in the world right now
that contained the second verse right
here and right here marker from the
memory Logan Paul VMs one of the
meetings going a little watch back the
other one I'm pocketing and we're going
to deal with this one later
second verse he was in there bro feels
like it's one of two copy on the second
verse yeah oh this is going too far
blowing with it that stopped it Little
Debbie our funny joke a funny
leave is just me I got a YouTube channel
looking for like know your haha sound
very nervous bro what's out of the
corner you sure you get this shirt oh
don't worry about it
new words coming soon like a child
Cory drop it off I'm going to set but yo
do you see this over here guys of
Maverick guys I'm Abby Lee where are you
from bro I came from Spain for me Logan
all the way from Spain and my boy
crossed an ocean war and I gave a
shout-out to Spain mr. Rogow avoid a
death roll explain us Allah and then
subscribe to this channel that I'm gonna
see right now logan paul wall row these
are like almost out of stock bro you're
lucky you have get it i know we got a
new black one if you guys want it nice
rice merch on the planet bro link in the
description bro we could always blow
dried i got to go to set i will see you
later
Ricky's back bro Wow it's like deja vu
realized yep yep back up this Mickey is
almost bad in his back Wow no actually
no no he's not my fault I just got
bigger what else were you guys noticed a
different guy did my hair than the girl
who did this morning and this is not
this is not run on a surfer could ride
away yeah Bo this is not where I gotta
go tell somebody they mess up my hair
they did my hair differently and I'm
just wondering about gonna be in Asia
I'm just kidding guys and telling my
lawyers talking myself oh my god the
heat level of time honestly all I can
think about is is is this second verse
focus looking you have to be an actor
acting
12 seconds later again hey guys it's
nighttime already I took a nap just now
and yeah my forehead still mask so this
morning we were shooting across the
street over there now we are sitting
here and this is actually really cool
man this is like a 80s restaurant type
thing they decked it out with 80s cars
once again but most importantly there's
my baby oh oh oh the power baby
are you allowed to vlog and drive on a
professional movie set I'm gonna do it
yeah I got stock like you that's my cue
here I go this is exhilarating I'm
definitely doing it legality I don't
know about here make you judge the fact
that I just did that crazy coke I'm
happy right now dude there are good
vibes in this set like we got a ton of
people wearing safety jackets as you
look great a bunch of cars a bunch of
lights a happy time man
okay this is a background rehearsal as
you just heard our tradition first
positions everyone get in please
apparently they're having someone like
pretend to be a car and running I don't
know I love it back out go go go no no
no he's not a car she's just a human put
her in a yellow vest no oh is that girl
I mentioned earlier that's why she was
wearing the little bit you guys I
thought I was crazy yeah see my
castmates guy named not too crazy late
the whole low gang knows about you okay
name and occupation go okay so we can't
see you though and you're a
great--you're going well again Josi what
are you doing hi my name is Angela it's
not true I know your name it's Chloe
canary no you're not they're all active
guys don't listen anyway they shop in
your backpack dude what the fuck
you're now a llama are you a longer
could you've lost a chance Chloe let me
try a new truck I reload this is
traditional actor going vlog style hey
guys me so today I have like a few new
looks I wanted to show you guys getting
product no you're so good at it I have
this towel I got it from Sephora it's a
special edition towel why's it smell
expects that is assignment for the blog
like it
I was on a plane closes and peaches
that's what it smells like
why just scratch my ass oh god I did it
I got that again this one thing guys
these girls are weird
oh yeah they wanted to do the movie I
guess that we could be is cool a trailer
yo yo she's paid to know all the girls
in this integrated you show the nuts
yo you look in the mirror damn bro
dammit look at biceps then I mean I'm
shot here I'm just saying boy damn must
be nice to have tailored damn where the
why don't we boys when I need them am i
right
okay your boy raps and I am on my way
back home here at girl no gang I am
driving you guys know this about me I do
not drive often so you know something
must be going down but where am i
driving what can I possibly be doing
with these hard drives also how am i
driving down here yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah the cars fast I cannot
wait to get the Lambos baby I think I
got five more months if you don't
understand that reference you are new to
the Logan gang they both bought twenty
eighty Lamborghini Huracan pepper
monkeys and they're literally building
them as we speak and in like five months
we have to go to Italy to pick them up
Wow okay guys I have arrived at my
destination it is 1:13 in the morning
right now this is like how strongly I
feel about this guys like I just I'm
done dealing with this but okay here we
go leaving my car running okay so I'm
walking up to my destination this may
give you a little hint where it is yep
you got it I'm going to read a comment
because you know I read you guys's
comment and I think this common
describes how I'm feeling perfectly this
is a comment from Nicole Medlin feel so
bad for you right now Logan even though
you have gained a lot of attention from
this the video could really hurt your
relationship with your brother it's like
you have to choose between your fans or
your brother there's no good choice
honestly the real fan should let you
make your own decision and shouldn't
coerce you into showing the second verse
Nicole that is exactly how I feel I'm in
a really tough position and honestly
like I know the true low gangsters are
true members of the low gang who weren't
here before all this stuff happened and
just stuck around because we're dope and
savage and the best family on YouTube
you guys are going to be mad it's going
to be the new people who are Lilly she
was the second first well now it's no
longer in my hands because I'm giving it
to my brother Jake Paul so here we go
I hear people I'm just going to slide it
the second verse is officially out of my
hands
gosh oh my gosh where the ball is in
your court now little brother I don't
even know man but at least now I feel
better now that he has one copy and I
have one kind however I am actually not
going to keep mine
okay where we go and where is the next
location is that the Santa Monica Pier
yes it is yo this place is beautiful I
haven't been here in a while
yo look who we found running around in
Santa Monica that's my boy Mac oh yeah
just a coincidence that you were here
bro okay I don't know what that means
but I this place is so empty man it's
really packed with people feel like this
is historical brought this is monumental
Oh what was the fine I know I am correct
you will be launching a projectile into
the ocean what's the projector you got
the right kid my copy of the second
verse it is nearly 2:00 in the morning
and this was going down in my life right
now
welcome to the low gang this is it man
big like I said it's all on you bro
second verse
okay low gang it's time for me to hop
into an extremely unnecessary voiceover
there comes a point in every man's life
where he releases a diss track on his
brother and the second verse is
literally too hard to release the second
verse is now in the hands of Jake Paul
which may or may not be a good thing but
you didn't no longer my responsibility I
think this is a small hiccup a small
bump in the road to overcome and make us
stronger and the family
but that is the vlog guys if you are not
a part of the family make sure you
subscribe enjoin the low gang with that
set I only have one more thing to say
and that is shake head your countries
are illegitimate
you tell me help
