we got new members of gangs good morning
okay what's up
or should I say hey good morning okay
what's back what's happened oh hi
Brendan how are you I'm getting my car
how are you yogi is my boy come on it
because I walk home you do wrong how can
you sleep with a make a picture of me
staring at your own eye road keeps your
detective keeps me safe is you got never
oh yeah he took your belt ah it's not
your belt that's also not your belt so
you can't give him permission come on go
stop stop hero take it you should fight
him bro no help
oh yeah I love fighter Peter guys what
mom there's these kids outside and they
want you to do an epic kind Oh more kids
across the way as we know low gangsters
are climbing up on top of this hotel I'm
how they're sneaking in below your wall
we've got that maverick merged at noon
ooh yeah this kids awesome bro he's a
maverick not to mention I got the same
hoodie on were matching rogue link in
description yeah yeah that's my boy what
you want to rap outta me bro okay listen
so guys know this buildings trying to
kick me out this is not this is not me
bro this is dem throwing the frisbee
what can I do you know I can't do yo
there's no way rope oh so all y'all is
gone
I'll go to talk about the rap battle me
well I'm in distress on district row
most viewed on YouTube row crazy oh
you're in the Logan I get it that's cool
for me
I wonder going to be already going on
there wait a minute I'm still in it
my head is stand tall like a midget
eyeball hard going in like a fidget they
couldn't really get into the way a
minute I'm winning them and you want to
get back they don't know that I'm
getting you phone battery hundred
percent I'm going ran out road this is
what they want to go and get it and get
it down I'm bringing it forward they
want to go and get the game couldn't go
and get over this out that's bar 14 I
got two more bars then I'm how do you
know that it wasn't hard
you had it over it out I didn't come
here bro respect cuz you got bars but
I'm send you home I'm ready to be sent
home but I do need it where I can get
that for you as remember the low gang I
got you I my boy has the audacity to
roll up to my crib please looking like a
baby someone get this man a bib you've
got to go squad but there's not many of
them I'm bout to put you to sleep and
then where's your mother
I'm gonna love them that's right bro I'm
gonna love your mother treat her well yo
make a wish so you're calling in the
well I just ran well with well but I'm
not a rapper I'm looking handsome I'm
looking dapper got my man bun in my hat
and my maverick merch yeah like my
brother would say it's selling like a
god Church you don't know how to dress
man you're looking like a mess man this
boy got some averagely cookies the vet
man looking paul going hard through my
blog to the wall
call me sean paul i'm a rapper on this
beach spin he never stopped take a seat
boys yeah oh
no but obviously one man's live Girl
Talk I got like 60 bucks and I want to
buy Magdeburg you stepped up to the
plate and you stepped in the dog pound
bro I'm gonna get you some more for free
except I gotta go get it all right guys
doing is immersed closet from a boy who
had the bomb to a rap battle room I
asked him what he wanted he said oh oh
oh oh oh oh okay we're gonna get into
these later but okay anyway boy wanted a
large concert here we go let's go
deliver I'm a man from changing the game
I'm paving my way making the wave is a
concert bro
large and in charge just like us and led
dude yo are you good I'm good bro you
had the balls you stepped up to the
plate and I respect it that's the
maverick spirit you climb 12 flights of
stairs
it took the leaders over is being right
battle me yes that's the maverick spirit
row I'm actually getting him a new who's
gonna be here in two minutes
Hey yes mama I love all of you okay lo
gang that was dope you know I love
meeting you guys and especially when I
see you guys unleashing your inner mad
but now okay this is a topic of
discussion I feel I should address no it
is not my man but I'm just doing that
because I don't like having a mullet I
have one more day of my movie valley
girl on Wednesday then I can finally cut
my hair black oh I probably got married
okay dude I that means I have a
sister-in-law like you hi surprise Logan
is how you doing ding ding ding with a
mortgage invite to the wedding a little
by the power vested in me by Chapel of
crystals here in beautiful Las Vegas now
is it to pronounce you partners for life
you may kiss your beautiful bride
oh my god bro this can't be real 12.2
million you twelve points you guys y'all
I want to get married are you not even
married know what I'm not giving up on
that yet guys here's what to be honest
here's why I have not addressed that
yeah I don't know the validity of it I
feel like it's fake but I don't Jake
clean your luggage right what I know you
have a shit cries dude what am i rap I
don't dude I don't know so listen I'm
gonna treat this as if it's real and I
got a perfect gift for my brother that I
kind of referenced earlier y'all
remember the cam OTS shall show you
later but right now it's seeker so I
think next on the agenda is we just go
to Jake's house and say congratulations
on our way to jigsaws yeah I'm a singer
anyway I just got the notification that
the uber ride that I said that kid in
ended it's been an hour and a half 100%
it's literally been an hour and a half
so $70 overtures oh I just get the $70
uber trip I've put it in my wall I give
him work and now it makes me pay $70 for
yo you know what just marking it down as
a good deed that I did hopefully karma
will give it back to me soon put it in
the bush karma you bitch
congratulations hi hello yo no way it's
real ah brother is so real dude Neela
maybe one day off-camera you and I have
to fall in love okay anyone okay damn
bro are you growing up oh oh yo what
what nothing
I was give it a stir huh don't don't hug
great why not the con over here at this
point in our life uh we let it talk
exactly like you can still write wrote
like we're the same person
I got you an Erica gift no and and this
was a low gang and the Jake polish - oh
my god for everybody for surely enough
of this bull horn vlog you got hard
walls Tony did it yeah Tony's got it
okay don't even film Oh burn inside bar
real quick no this whole like wife thing
is getting so many views and Sam feel
like we should capitalize
I left the shores of the house anyway I
say we kidnap Erica steal off the view
get Jake subscribers bail and then we
give them the gifts but let's kidnap
Erica right now like but would I be like
discreet about it obviously is not
animals okay fine what are you gonna do
bro which part of you what are you gonna
do bro no way
so they're crazy well my previous move
but still crazy well it's time rose it's
time to get those surprises wrote see
the thing is though the thing is done
preservative I don't of nervous I hate
surprise this is normal surprise for
Erika Erika can you come get get my
surprise in the car with me if you can
yo comprar just get it alone right you
just get along right yeah you know
you're you strong
you're gonna come of you want kids this
is been so protective bro it's not I
mean it should go rendezvous back here
at t-minus three minutes three minutes
Erika Erika gonna look let me turn is AC
bracelet you see can you ignore the back
me yep I'm going on the truck and I'll
gather what no nobody go back tell me
jump out
I
we're going hi-yah we should kidnap
different y'all of the greasy arm Kate
tried to stop me but he just so weak um
how are you good are you doing okay yeah
I'm I'm confused if you wanted me to go
further I could have just you know got
it is we wanted me down are you sure no
yeah I'm chillin on a warm back here
you're my new sister I'm sorry oh I was
fine it was good hey Logan thanks for
that awesome surprise thanks for being
such a sport I just do it for the views
little chunks it's great
yeah um je fais enemy hey what do you
mean bro bro yeah okay I'm fine don't
worry she's chilling more importantly
where's any luck I'm so sorry you just
disappeared in there my adrenaline was
going to meet me at my place 30 minutes
be there hanging up
there's about to be a standoff honestly
this is let me keep it so this is my vow
this is my yes I it's pretty cool hi
Jake's a sir you want to stay for nice I
thought yo white welcome well I've never
kidnapped someone before this is crazy
this is the most peaceful kidnapping but
it's pretty chilly drinking and rubbing
that you know I weekly yeah you're our
guest and how we do that
are you still I guess it doesn't matter
- Parris Wow the vertical edge I know
you only saying thinks you're pretty
he's not really excited what what that I
know
oh okay things have you a better husband
oh oh yeah I know
Milas I've been trying to tell him
anyway Yello i J don't touch her I'm not
give her water groceries cheers you look
out right now I
I'll see you in five minutes hang-up
dunzo oh boy welcome to a real March
closet I'm about to hook it up so guys
this is the thing this is actually the
surprise but I'm gonna save it I don't
want to show you guys just yet but I'm
put it on you and then I might put her
in a little gang hoodie you got I got
just in the low guy hurry go P in Selma
can we pin
guys this is a parking garage he should
be on the third floor so let's do this
thing
they're on the opposite end of the park
garage but this is like a movie peepee
I got your wife what are you gonna do
what are you good crowd we got a new
members of gangs
we need our a line 10 a.m.
Kevin's gonna take Kayla
top bring it up bring it up
I am
Oh
oh yeah we got a a Lebec be these
top-secret benches like twice as
bodyweight I think it'd be good
III know I mean my adrenaline was doing
in our life you know yeah I mean no I
didn't do it on purpose but they find me
to seem then let's be honest do you
really want to be in team ten-year some
some weird like untalented kids and
things are interesting dated I think we
get to show them the surprise we gotta
find evidence
all of that
okay
I can't you tell before yo let me stop
can we just ah yo you're sweaty so you
give it up it's all drive drive leave
that was it happen you tell me I don't
know I'll do it a fair trade off and
then you win Jake Paul needed everybody
still got the hood yeah okay guys it's
all cool it's all cool guys we're good
overexcited so we're really tired
watch your Turkish those yeah but he'll
are you good know where it is it's a
surprise oh this is the surprise Hey
look now look look at the merch bro look
it it's the low game ballers ro de lo
que poner like you may actually yeah
there we are on the floor guess maybe
one day that give you and me Ayla making
out for views on YouTube yeah we got the
Jake Paul camo with the maverick logo
the logo logo and collars for Jake Paul
and I surprise Brava
I made lo gang colors merch to know you
didn't prove it prove I forgot it at
home no you didn't know how many save my
wife you may locate followers mercy but
prove it bro
coincidence is too high no Oh having on
camera so having on camera look there it
is don't know anymore
oh you're looking I swear Bravo yeah we
are brothers ah someone is in the low
gang and they are Jake parlor who can be
a low gang Paul oh my god yeah
hey mom we need to go to a cinematic
sequence with voiceover yeah I think
that's all you have a hundred percent
yeah the matter eighty quiz with voice
overs now the important thing to
remember is that we're all back together
and I feel really bad that I forgot Eila
but hopefully she can forgive me and
maybe one day I'll get married man I
mean that really boosts your views
anyways
merge links in the description subscribe
to not part of logo I love y'all I will
see you tomorrow
Nikki to be family
is
