I just want to say if you are here at
VidCon and in any way were affected by
that negatively I want to apologize
wholeheartedly my hat my god you guys
did it through we're at VidCon but
that's not the sexiest dwarf I've ever
seen no that is as you guys know
yesterday we dropped off three thousand
dollars somewhere here at VidCon today
we are going to unleash the beast and
let them know where they can find the
money like a big scavenger hunt but we
party yogi
like I said the morning is just getting
started evan is in the corner talking to
his crush riley how you go in the corner
I might take the phone give her some
words and Logan yeah
hey how are you guys
it literally says crush with hard job
let's go back in time forward you kicked
out haha
goodbye guys we're hungry I'll record
some room service paint a french toast
we decide them like and subscribe
alright guys let's eat
okay guys we are venturing out into the
VidCon wilderness yeah wait how did you
get did you make me a game what is your
name Alexander you're incredible this is
amazing
don't want my mama's death I love all of
them started wrong it hasn't even begun
he's actually year though your YouTube I
was going to tell you guys I've never
been a youtuber at VidCon it's always
been like a Viner or like the guy who
makes videos on Facebook or Instagram
it's your I'm a youtuber don't forget
guys I've only been vlogging for like
nine months someone painted it for me
this is amazing oh look at this
just glide oh my god oh my god oh it
says Hollywood bets here oh you're so
sweet oh my god I left you got the merch
and everything that make me so happy
only
ah jumpers jogging me to do something
what it is the feast with tank wait what
beats with pancakes
prove it oh never mind but that's the
maverick logo you think you can make
that it'll taste even better than you
bro why just get a squeeze bottle you
can sign I can barely tie my shoes
Nathan I don't know if I can make a
pancake
oh the flip is happening right now come
on boys going in with the flip no way yo
bro you're legend bagel I do with the
Dhokla Wow
bro your beats Thank You Man oh my god
you wish you had a maverick pancake but
now filming me guys might steer up on
the pancakes
whoa easy okay well we lost them guys I
met a girl here named Mariko
what do you have it's just incredibly
sculpted maverick
oh my god you put the diamond band on
his ankle Marika
you killed it you're absolutely
incredible I'm just incredible this is
amazing this backinto tell you guys know
I love when you make me stuff check this
out oh she even gave me a perch bow
still no nose but I got the part
Rose is amazing how are you maverick he
doesn't talk is not real anyway Joe it
is time for the operation the mission
there is a lot of moving pieces to this
I want to capture every angle we have
$3,000 in the line there's going to be a
lot of people step number one Brendan we
got to get you out there that's my boy
there's a middle section post up there
watch through the swarms and people's
log a little bit I'll text you when
we're gonna unleash the code to where it
is got to be my friends okay guys so I'm
out here a lot of people out here it's
about to get crazy it's going to be
pandemonium with all these people out
here what's up guys you guys watched
yesterday's vlog you're looking for
something in particular
somewhere in here somewhere in here what
are you looking for you're looking for
something
I don't know maybe no moon baby he's
predictable in the sense that he's
unpredictable that's a fact okay logging
when you're chilling in the hotel room
we just released the first hit looks
like this yo what is up guys so for
those of you who are at VidCon and
looking for the $3,000 that I hate it
here is your first hint a YouTube play
one of the like there we are in the
middle of the Convention Center which is
right there and it is on this side let's
see what happened first thing is up on a
different story guys - my points are
back to show my guy y-yo what are you
doing today go we're about the drone out
here now here's a crazy pudding yeah
y'all load it yo it's locked and loaded
it's all kind of going down now I'm
sorry for just like throwing you in the
loop let's get you going to get it done
right no way didn't it sound good no not
yet oh okay guys it's go time we just
delete the second hint looks like this
take number two for those of you trying
to find the $3,000 that a head here at
VidCon okay there's the pasture grass
right here with a yellow fire hydrant it
is somewhere in that area
good luck hopefully the crowds are
swarming I don't know we're going to cut
back and forth between footage second
hand came out it got a little bit more
specific no they're all looking that all
looking for this money is climbing hard
into the bushes there's a call hello i
am i walking for the sign out got it got
it coming down now let's do this
he ran to the VidCon women
the
are you sure
No
Oh
Oh
oh well
I thought for sure when I went out there
first off the money poof on the money
man hope Brendon got something check it
off I thought for sure one hour I'm like
I'm six foot to 200 pounds solid man and
yo when you guys bond together hip came
strong bro that's when I preached on my
vlogs like has a family guy I know and
maybe not the time to get cheesy but
together with what killers rope hey I'm
in the room come back to the room damn
bro it was fun having it throw an L but
now it's gone I don't need it uh here we
go think this bloody toenail with a
little bit of skin on it signifying slow
gang for life
be a man baby i yo all of you man I
walked in the water I was like nod and I
can chase me here y'all think of it you
got what you wanted man that's what I'd
reach you you got to do what other
people are willing to do to achieve your
goals in life I'm feeling inspirational
that was quite an experience for me
where are you do with security then one
day just one day one just want to know
where you are but for what reason
thank you reasons that was Logan I need
to speak with you oh sorry bro I'm I'm
safe all right
update on the squad Brendan this is
between apprehended Jeff he's stealing
the crown I don't know how Ayla and Evan
are even still alive yo yo I'm good like
this no I'm a big guy it was a point oh
well I was like yo I'm gonna die but I
feel like this is a good time to adjust
this guy's as as this stuff is cooling
down I just want to say if you are here
at VidCon and in any way were affected
by that negatively I want to apologize
wholeheartedly I don't know I didn't
expect it to get exact crazy I knew it
would be a crowd but personally like I
said guys earlier in the vlog I've never
been like a youtube star as long as the
vine star Facebook star whatever and I
this level of fandom is completely
different than anything I've ever
experienced if you were her or someone
hits you or I saw someone tweeted me
that they got like food knocked out of
their hand I'm guys legitimately I am so
sorry what you say you know we get
kicked out of anything on I would not be
surprised if they do I again a
completely understand it it was they say
that
ya know it's very irresponsible on my
part and I'm like I said I'm sorry I
know I can't like ridin no fuck let me
talk my toenails here wrong oh yeah
bring then bring this right guys oh I'm
so glad you're here both wait oh by the
way I mean regardless of all this like
I'm so proud of you like it's insane
because I wouldn't have you stand if you
worried that cool yep thanks
last time I'm being this nice you make
me proud that is my son
that's my son dad we got number two yo
you good roll did they worry Portis
really locked me in a stairwell yeah
even what I tell you like wonderful oh
no way I think I'm pretty treated on
like he's not coming back I texted Brett
I was like clearly how's it going here
he's videographer all if we know away
yeah by if they didn't say that like
right away
I was with my job just another I tried
but I should did try and say like you
all I did was how hold my camera
hahahahaha they're like I'm not buying
this no way hopefully everyone's okay I
know I had to talk I had to talk I like
from the bottom of my heart I'm I don't
get shook often we love you I am shook
I only I'm shook guys I it's not because
of getting kicked out of VidCon I don't
care I I don't want anyone to get hurt
as a result of me joking
I literally thought for a moment I was
going like oh yo I thought I was done
yeah I thought I was done bro you I
thought I would this is Sebastian
oh the hell was why don't you know the
cops'll on me right crazy iPod
I think I think the cake for sure okay
guys we're all calming down did you get
the guy's phone number who actually
found the money dude I got it let's call
him right now where you at G hello yo
Dawgs Logan Paul can you come to my
hotel room I can't really leave
ah sure i'ma text you the information
twelve seconds later guys Pedro has
arrived you good bro yo shut the door
quick shut the real quick come on come
on go editor you Liz thank you can you
find $3,000 before we had a chance to
even like post the things
oh no you both okay I was eating right
eating and then I saw a notification uh
uh could you guys notifications on don't
forget to turn on jobs go ahead I was
watching it and then I got to the end
and then you announces that it was
$3,000 and you just went looking yeah I
called him like where you were standing
where you were standing
yeah tell you what I bought were you
were logging that time had an idea of
like where what
yeah we're residents yes uh we sort of
knew like around where I was gonna be so
I called him and we like ran over here
oh that's that real maverick spirit to
do like you just left work yeah do it
that's it congratulations what are you
gonna do is it ro seen it College yeah
my boys using 3 K to go to college
congratulations Pedro now we split it
what we split it up my boys got $1,500
on a college okay look guys that is the
vlog broke what a day I can't call for a
group hug that we're all still alive
thanks Brendan thanks Sebastian I'll get
in here gonna get a human Jeff get in
here is my boy Evan jeez alright look we
made it we're all here everybody say if
you're not subscribed make sure to
subscribe shaking the hair yeah not yet
it links for the other merchants in the
description of Yale okay I love your
host views of our ticket
