good morning okay one pop come on out
ready all wrong buddy room well hey why
away I know why because it's epic man we
got everything we need right mom what do
you have it is the king of random liquid
nitrogen it sulfur hexafluoride
bro bro in between bro this is literally
the best way to start the day bro wait
Oh quick can I interrupt you real
quickly before you introduce me to your
explosives yesterday with ass laughing
you didn't slap me every time I said bro
didn't I missed it I know you miss a lot
no down boy
look at count every time I say bro and
every time I say bro I'm going to donate
ten dollars to a charity so it's on you
up to $1,000,000 okay anyways bro go go
king of random brother king of random
it's the king of random it's the king of
random I've never started a vlog like
this I will just go right into the thing
that's happening for the day so start
off this stuff amazing basement just for
you you made this whoo like that blow
down there blow down there
yo yo this is so random King over and
over what I do it takes off yeah take
your top off so you who are you bro
ladies guy how's it happening bro no
it's true ah I'm going to file in here
with it
what you talking about now you're
blowing it stuff is just basically
liquid air so like as this very thing is
just going back into the air
we took that air we cooled it down we
put in here one of the coldest
substances on earth that you really
quickly can stick your fingers in really
I'm very quick oh I was cold a bite yeah
wrong it's actually minus 320
oh god wait max dear you're a wizard
Harry we're gonna try to make you blow
smoke out of your nose Oh perfect that's
good there we go okay there we go cool
they're like one of these little pieces
here what you're going to do is you're
just going to grab a pop at your mouth
and as you're chewing blow through your
nose just going to look something like
this oh wait just like that dragon's
breath stuff time animation son I have
the dragon's breath inside joke I don't
understand Rhea three two one roll it
around your mouth there you go dude
that's amazing
Omar Bravo nothing good things are
absolutely like no not only does it
taste good are you straight-up become a
superhero it'll be the greatest day of
my life how could I gotta tell like this
is it a deep breath in for you oh it's
great notice amazing that doesn't mean
this guy has no fear no fear what was
wrong with an idiot Depp trust but I
don't know I might have a little more
thermal mass which means you might blow
the smoke longer yeah he'll match of
course obviously far as I know nobody
has ever tried donuts and liquid
nitrogen before who's going to be the
first be alive I'm going to live it so
this is going to last a little our music
we need to be moving your mouth quickly
okay tutor players what happens if you
don't move on to it you're gonna get
Prospero so you might freeze your teeth
and crack Omer you know oh yeah that's
agile three days ago what's it like when
you like eat the donuts without the
liquid that you like is that just
because you're hungry to them yeah just
roll it around like a hot coal three two
one Oh are we doing
sahar Oh - you can sit up anybody
crunchy too much I don't even know what
happened I have no idea did you get a G
yeah okay oh my boys going in the up oh
my god he's our Oh what happened if we
took some orange juice put in a balloon
and then sunk that down the liquid
nitrogen the balloon is being filled up
with carbonated drink I'm blurring that
out because no free brand deals he looks
like a little scrotum you know what
could happen when it touches the vapor I
know it hurts so much
what's happening what's happening what's
happening at random so I think what's
happening hopefully what's happening is
the outer layer that juice is freezing
you know how to coconut works for you
guys yeah I know coke we're not liquid
on the inside that's we're going for
with one of these so I don't feel that
being whoa whoa whoa what does it happen
bro good it's got a tumor it's expanding
it's the carbon tax it looks like a
heart it looks like you're literally
looks like a heart oh my god she'll go
in a little bit yeah I think going a
little more this thing and just like see
if you can break it oh wait what are you
doing still liquid oh it's still liquid
on your inside
oh no no this is not good literally like
drink it like that huh we heard of the
edible alarm balloon or the edible one
Morton I just do it's amazing how was it
possible the outside is frozen solid and
the inside stayed liquid and I was able
to drink it like a coconut oh this has
clouds are made this whole room will be
filled with clouds I coming up what I'm
sorry what
okay God take two with soda yeah
ah toward me of my face we think on that
liquid nitrogen you my boy is looking
like a straight-up Savage so we brought
this over to this thing to run it under
hot water so we're just a ball of dr.
pepper you're dr. pepper ball crack that
open you got liquid dr. pepper on the
inside like a coconut oh and it looks
like a coconut to ground the effect oh
nice this is amazing strong oh whoops
oh I'm sorry I'm colorblind it looks
like a coconut this is across a chillier
drink it make like a really cool
restaurant oh yeah we collect dude guys
including YouTube and opening up a
restaurant we freeze things with liquid
nitrogen cooling alter ones hello good
old classic helium everybody last
General aney aney yeah all four sects of
fluoride salt for hexafluoride you have
it wait we're gonna try right now can I
tell you something before you open this
up try to get this for our blog I told
me if I hailed it I'm dying right right
he just says right
are you okay cool shy I thought I was
gonna die just goes right I don't know I
think you're behind this is the stuff
what the holy shit the balloon is
sinking
is it ready the balloons work out oh my
god listen Eric this is your parents all
right for you and go oh my god that's so
cool looking look at the way is like the
physics of it doesn't make any sense
all right
take it take it more and more more and
more and more more more more more more
more more MORE
Marcus this time he'll come over you
lately bro I know it'll be like edible
bouquet of everything that we think you
were taking to the point where future
what why does it sound like you guys are
in slow motion it illiterate antiquary
slow mo guys I'm gonna give it a second
go but I've never felt like lightheaded
in my life like like that oh you're
beautiful
that's what you're gonna do or services
look at the shirt let's discuss marks
with Eduardo always wonders I was
judging good oligarchy loins gonna do ha
ha ha what is happening I told you oh my
$5.00
I live in Oh what you staying ha you
gotta stop y'all become stupid joke
alright I get your palm nice and wet
there you go that's perfect just like
that great now I'm going to do is I'm
eating this bottle of extreme danger to
put some old some bubbles in your hand
there you go just like that and I hold
them over here but what I do you just
hold still and try to new trying to
scream we're young crazy one flame one
go away oh no way whoa oh yeah
you just became a fire burn yelled at
you you and Tori under you retard
bro I'm a beast oh oh that's a big pile
that's my boy repping the merch let's go
oh my gosh oh my gosh image when I light
it you're going to come down you're just
going to give the ball high five
oh sweet I don't know bug okay hit
because the ball I thought oh my gosh oh
my gosh oh king of random bro I like how
is this happening broken everybody how
do you put us mother of God I try to
hands okay as you guys know I do some
don't think sometimes that's busted with
the king of random here is here to help
me in that extreme date I'm gonna let
myself in fire I'm a body go touches God
Road no okay guys so before we go to the
park we are filling up these bucket with
liquid nitrogen this guy says he's gonna
make a comment on my house what we think
off you want to be a cloud inside the
house you can your clothes are just beer
in the cloud that's my love never trust
the cloud but I probably get your news
where your
on the club go Hey look somebody's Dumbo
gonna get what you doing in the cloud
you guys why you look over time oh my
god I just I have yeah exactly you can't
trust the cloud you have all my news
they have every single that you ever
said ever
well disclosure I've never tried this
before I know it's expected to be epic
I know what to expect bro okay whatever
dude
three two one
Oh
look and come out and again yo oh dude
this whole apartment is God every we're
gonna conquer the cloud you're like what
it does is ice it's ice on the inside we
forged ice today bro it's summer dude
okay sometime it's a slight change of
scenery we're at the bar doing what are
you doing
Brenda what are you doing are you go
ahead yo he was dragging you tonight he
drags you really strong wrong Oh dick
that's all we did I just dropped in he
took off his batteries got no loyalty
bro hi guys we have arrived it's parking
oh I can't go random I still don't know
what we're doing like the rest of the
day though I'm just going with the flow
oh okay off the top and if you're not
thirsty we're gonna dump it I'm not
thirsty except for them hoes am i right
oh that's my bag
that's my bad bro
grab it and from the look of the risk
don't move wait I just do it do I hold
the bottle grab it I'm not gonna freak
yet when you're ready okay so you don't
hang on to the butter oh yeah anything
what we're doing oh you wanna hold it
you just want to flip up straight upside
down like this Oh
like that yeah just I never seen anybody
hang on to before the birth or an
average ever I'm a maverick age now that
I don't want to do I think I've got this
someone
whoa that was loud
explain yourself dude you just made a
freaking nitrogen bomb he held it so
freakin hard I didn't have a chance to
rocket it exploded
it sounded like a gunshot no joke
that's the loudest thing I've heard in
LA ever that is what you just did
all right here we go I feel like I'm
better this I mean that was awesome rope
but like I'm just not good at this
cookie no no joke obviously like I would
just do that was dull guys we are
soaking wearing cones barking yep all
right guys we need to get out of here
before the cops come
we made it back to the crib oh did not
get arrested by the police
yo Kharma come on come on no you're
making this job damn it the king of
random bro I wanted to thank you I love
science bros the grade eights it was a
good day you guys want to check out his
channel he's dope as you've seen the
link is in the description also bro I
have a gift for you Ella oh yeah because
you are a maverick my friend and other
people drink out of plastic bottles that
you explode them I like what a guy okay
guys one last thing shelfs everyone who
is buying merch in posting pictures with
the hashtag via maverick you guys are
killing it bro lookit look at all these
photos benzyl Oh gang is fireside Wow
okay that was amazing day subscribe if
you're not subscribed during the family
and as usual I will see y'all tomorrow
take it easy
are you telling me hello
