do you think you want to get married hey
yo good morning okay what the fuck just
killing the viola hey you were doing
there right yeah don't play ball with
the dog you don't know what you're done
is really just like yeah yeah look at
that
Wow last night this is dope now it's
just really foggy what's going on you
good bro today guys is my last day of
valley girl sad dude obviously I'm gonna
get back to making like good old pretty
logs ever place heads at the movies
ending but I still do have a whole day
ahead of me so let's do this thing yeah
yeah hello Kim good morning I beg you I
forgot a brush because we're traveling
and I suck at being an adult like a
little shaggy dog I know right can you
fix it cuz I already dry than just look
look at Jessica we're gonna fix it we're
gonna take hi oh hell yeah we better
make it back bro I have to put on my
wardrobe which by the way yesterday I
got the set there were two polos this
one was actually complete but it's way
too hot over shooting so I had them like
cut this and now Mickey threw it hard
boy this is like I like this is
filmmaking in its prime because look now
it looks like I got two polos on hey we
made it to set you'll I have the most
fun can I get it guys
yeah guys I'm coming - hi guys oh no no
say what you're giving away damn bro I'm
a cinematographer this is Steadicam
you're looking good montage
Oh mother Gilly place I'm gonna walk
with your head oh all right itself I'm
not a blogger called
wouldn't know this blog like closely
stuff with the quake me close ah please
tell me please oh you're actually hard
to catch I'm going to take over the love
but I got I appreciate you what a good
time what a good time here in the set of
valid oh man easy can you come do a
trick for my vlog I know you can do
trick I saw you doing yesterday baby
spinach fit fit fit fit do it dude spin
oh yeah that was okay de casa that was
so good hacking oh definitely
what are you reading this myself no you
have a quake comment dude Chloe's
character on her show spies of sword I
believe you and wow that's kind of like
a tree Wow
damn bro I want to be a superhero maybe
one day no gang chilling outside waiting
to shoot a scene yo look who came to
visit me probably on the verge incentive
our dad is like a lawyer friends yet all
columns um the production company making
this movie how you like in the March bro
it's dull right you know that's office
in the game Road Sox - these are little
gangsters - the Mac I have enough to
touch come on boy am i book no would you
get it merch never I love this so much
Chloe's learning what real fans look
like those are what we call a low
gangsters they are in the low gang what
did you say when I wasn't recording make
me close
guys if you saw yesterday's like it does
need to stop like thank like it doesn't
stop to enjoy whether you look like a
little mini Logan hell yeah bro twelve
seconds later yo I am good we just
wrapped reason I didn't make it a big
deal with because I just found out
today's actually not my last day like a
week and a half off so the vlogs are
going to get epic again bro and we have
one more day next week at which point
we'll make like a big thing out of it
but for now let's go here guys we are in
the car I feel like this light makes my
eyes of a good pointing different
direction guys I'm with Chloe and I'm
also with Jessie and I'm also an action
to the front we're all out here brew
just get so much louder when Eve ah no I
have to I don't know any energy
look I'm long I have an idea we're going
to go on cloak ins first date with
listen here here's a we were talking
about these guys are my co-stars they're
my friends and I was a guy takes late
like I don't have a vlog can we do
something and we came up with an idea to
a show called date Logan pilot called
hey Logan question mark
I was implied with my eyes no no it is
like I see in the comments Chloe reads
the comments that like hash tag closes
like like it's sort of a thing what
laughing anyway like I can't just plug
it be like it's not ridiculous make me
glad again let me just reiterate needs
to stop so we're going to experiment and
see things Chloe and I actually went on
a date like what that would be like well
like personally obviously you guys know
it'd be fire and and obviously and in
this match
I'm just cake Laurie Condon like she's
like this year
okay you're on your very first day Logan
what kind of deodorant did you wear and
get ready oh gotta go with Axe terrible
I know I don't think it's a family I
think it depends on what flavor of axe
oh you only just use it so let's start
there Chloe you're going on your very
first day with slogans Paul what kind of
jewelry you wear I was always looking
simple like it like you know save in
pieces like a few hearing you feel like
that I destroyed so I'm taking on a date
like how much hearing what I'll get for
hearing what kind of jewelry you like on
women something simple something like
that like I just met are you gonna take
Molly on your first date whoo I talk
slowly
right she likes Italian food I know she
does - no looking good do you like
Italian food like doesn't like Italian
did you meet he is we know you don't
want to you to Busan a person he's a
Italian was like a tour guide McDonald
future actually originated in Ohio
I would take her to an Italian
restaurant which was called brioche oh
no I could get in there oh okay Chloe
you're at the Italian very first date
what do you order dad be careful i order
pasta why you're always going to get it
on your teeth
I don't care I've shot burgers again yo
legit the first time I was like I was
like yo I think this girl's still a
Logan party it4s on him in water it's it
goes deeper today it's like it's like
she doesn't even have like I don't know
that I'm a maverick that's what I gotta
live for that but then she doesn't I
respect it I mean so next question and
your very first date with Chloe
House is the date you ate until you
asked her if she'll clash whoo here's
the thing I think ooh that's me about
Simonson hapticity what I was a nice
young gentleman I asked shut up okay
okay Chloe the waiter comes to the table
with your order but it's the wrong thing
what do you do I'm part of it I think
this is Crosby biggest lie it's what
he's never seen she talks to fire as
soon as the waiter leaves I'm not that
mean I would be really nice to a waiter
I'm just mean to you are you what's your
deal cuz you need to be given a hard
time with your to be ridiculous it's
ridiculous you guys
this portion of the interview we're
going to do
who knows who back what is Khloe's
favorite snack oh oh
watermelon let's try oh cool
what is Logan they were saying he said
yo you a lot in any sense a beach a lot
and he says what's poppin one that's my
boy I just did like the five things that
you say all show George my faces say is
Khloe's least favorite trait in a cast
member me that's correct
this Logan's favorite smell correct
on a scale of one to ten Logan how much
chemistry would you say you and Chloe
have well again 8 and 1/2 she stopped
being such a grandma and such I like
control me I think would be top-notch I
think we're at like 83 words like the
same amount of balls okay it's just to
my right side slightly of maybe 5% of
all ages into a vlog it's really out of
context look at inviting me
okay Logan fuck marry kill Chloe
YouTube cop I'm Chloe and then kill her
and then marry marry marry kill float
and Logan Logan I'd kill Logan be like I
kill Logan and I think I killed Logan
they used to pick up we're gonna kill it
fine
do you think you want to get married
Logan but like for sure I see a bright
future ahead of us I see the light at
the end of the tunnel
I don't think Khloe has given me a
chance to prove my work you know
she just assumes that I'm just the
internet star who make blogs everything
and can't handle a full-on relationship
but I could give it my bad so that is no
chance like action I'm so bad
how close you are your or Chloe's the
fucking dork at four
hi guys that's the vlog thank you for
watching I'm sorry had to end on a
domestic violence no that's the holy
okay Logan you do on my voice you can
call me totally better yellow gang the
making fun mixes that you dare mock me
bro he spent so much time doing this
does this thing I love you guys in a
corner there you know what's really
sweet love a tended to you fancy when
you you okay and she really takes the
time to do these for you as they're
important is what how do I want to recap
today I want to say Logan I love you
thank you guys for watching I know it's
a bit of a weird one but hopefully you
learn a little bit more about me and
like it subscribe to subscribe you don't
the funnel I'm Saints minute I will see
you guys tomorrow
thank you I would like to say about it
the lists be good morning what's up
Logan gosh popping I left with that
