hello
or should I say yeah good morning okay
what but what you guys look what I did
this morning okay about that this is
what it lose my voice anyways I'm
turning into a full-fledged adult and
I'm not gonna lie it sucks so that's why
I'm gonna stay on good morning to you
and Dougie in stop mask
good morning to young dougie yo what the
fuck is your problem
obviously mavin need some my attention
what's the deal bro come on hop up
what's it what's happening what what no
I'm not ignoring you maverick no I'm not
I'm a vlogger I'm just kidding my day
started this is how we do it you know
that what you want a kiss I mean I guess
if you want to kyo gimme kiss gimme kiss
what that's my boy good morning dad good
morning Logan I just takes a long
response are you doing drugs no you did
it again you did it again I'm just
kidding guys what dad's not doing
directional thing anyways what you got
there dead
Jean Paul fan mail yeah okay so this is
a problem my dad I project my fan mail
yeah I saw him reading of that stuff
this morning and then this happen Time
magazine my neighbor my readings and
male forge ink my brother Jacob Rogers
got around here
not here no and I got it man
I got you I do forbid you mostly every
time you open your market did that say
this is a logic outside but on star
girlhood situation fog i yelled at real
quickly whether people over there click
on the job roof it's ok guys I get
yelled at all the time by everyone
everywhere is what I'm wearing bro do
you think I give a single answer's no
baby bear bar oh yeah my boy that George
is dead that big George yeah we're
coming over right now hi how are you how
amazing this is my dad grandpa he's okay
look ya'll that's binding wha wait
Where's George
ah son George my friend George face up
if they want to they want to shoot tell
what your college paintball paint balls
know George isn't here Oh brah brah I
was gonna bring George gift I was gonna
bring George gets put he's not here
cuz I give it to you guys I'll first
gift that you have to give George easy
no I was gonna I got a bunch of condoms
for him okay okay this conversation is
over
I don't want another George or neuromas
be honest so I bought a bunch of condoms
and like I have an idea bro look around
that in this corner we move this table
we have all this space bro yo before I
get into it look these people have
parties every day like I can't even
record out here - playing music ain't
cuttin that copyright for my florida
state law we have this space over here
it's dope but guess what else we have
woopsy oh and a lot of them - so when we
dragged it to my last place they got all
dirty the robot
oh come to Daddy good bird so all these
birds that are on right now really dirty
fortunately for me they sent me a bunch
of new ones which we're going to put on
short burst I was I guess we've got to
do something deep right grasp all I Paul
it is yourself no you either tell me as
I'm the BJ got a laptop and you need to
be nice to me pretend I'm your mother
don't be so mean to me I love you I am
sigh dad hello you don't really look can
you help me movie that I am doing for
room why are you just gonna but why did
it healthy bro this is a funny thing
sorry maverick that is my bad there we
go baby once that guy that's the big one
it's literally called the big one yeah
yeah it's going down hi baby
yeah you look cute here to give me a ton
of subscribe hahaha yeah that's the boy
right there
that was easy now look at this beautiful
runway we got all night
yeah yeah I ruin it I think the plan is
like run and jump you still run in your
old days and trail the stuff
you move and then if you tell my dad the
same street
oh you know I got one thing that would
make this better
oh no that was dead wrong
don't you wait for me me me I can
finally throw a long I mean you're
really like is your under 5 foot and
stuff like how you know yo hair oh oh
you gotta keep gonna have an aggressive
way that's my book okay so a guy this is
cute and that is great there's one way
we can make this better if we go to the
store and buy a ramp I'm talking Arab we
can like shoot stuff off of like a
bicycle I tried to go call Luna say in
the world is our oyster moving we're not
getting no one no one's even thinking
about doing are you think sex is my dog
hey con sexual from parenthesis con
sexual didn't run my jig ball what are
you saying room what's going on or not
are you good bro you good bro you got to
take the original survey I got that you
good bro service I get just kidding you
good bro service it go ahead and take
the survey bro
vitamin C you know this kicks it buddy
oh he added one is that maybe bro you
don't know if you're good you serving
ever ha ha ha I got but the poppy to
Toys R Us and then we head over to
Babies R Us for Ella we good
go back we need you for funding but
means Familia cosmic come on Ana
I'm not in King Lex in a minute in a
light have already like father of a toy
baby rehearsal Eila put it back it up
put it back yo the worst part about this
is actually serious so it put it back
you want a real toy what are you talking
man you could be a boyfriend why are you
groping him in the middle of Toys R Us
alien stop yeah I'm gonna get a charge I
think you taking me can give out of toys
how are you
okay where's the toilet oh yeah this is
ridiculous
black you're 24 you fit and you but I
think you fit better in this one and
it'll be funnier to throw you was just
really rough I can't take her anywhere
but for something good oh thank you yeah
cool
I was feeling to bring you realize not
going to go anywhere bro you sheriff our
thoughts Ayla earlier I'm a savage read
my shirt next item on the agenda
gotta get a fight something back oh I
was saying oh hell yeah
but I meant to say oh hell no I made a
mistake guys as long bro this is what
I'm talking about bro look at this look
if you don't call approved Road my boy
likes it I'll take why something
happened I broke it and I barely made it
out of this stuff hey lookit look at me
I'm so over here I were good the one
thing we didn't get is a ramp wrong so
we came here the hardware store yeah
Brenda we vlogging store way too much we
really okay I'm sorry but you've got the
supply well also broke I've been saying
Bert way too much is love root all right
we got it we got to build a ramp hey
let's take it away yeah she has no idea
was Darren killer dope cause it's like
I'm walking both my pet testing the
would strike whoa No what the life of
margin Oh
there's cows at home people like town is
one team so we're definitely going with
this one right here hey listen what's
the plan for propping this up go well
Frasier I put on the ground yeah I like
that
and then we're going to pop it up yeah
thank you it's always that way we'll see
you later
really yes keep going again and grill is
together what I'm not drilling anything
right except females don't know we just
need cinder block block with these
cinder blocks we will make the most
amazing map and launch the bike into the
love it's gonna be a good day damn it
excuse me bro
we are back home that took much longer
than expected but we have the ramp we
have the love Sam you also have a raging
party across the way Isaac got more
crowd that it is gonna stop bro Oh what
we got here
Oh what up ladies Hey oh that's my girl
yo you hope I got you in trouble
I love you dawg okay sick so George is
coming over right now but regarding this
music there's only one way to beat loud
music and that's with louder mute here
we go okay the speaker's set up I'm
gonna play a song that everyone did you
just put your finger in I see what is it
cinder blocks a little topper why do you
think it's not gonna work I'll do it
I'll show you go for it show me why it's
not gonna work George Oh yo see that was
leaked oh it's gonna work exactly what
is right you think I'm gonna make that
jump this is quite the distance aah
so you get a cool girl feel good feel
good a little nervous run comp guys stop
this is enough I'm gonna do whatever it
takes to make sure he doesn't do this
hold it stop no I tried my best
no more dawdling over bull run guys hold
on tell me putting on one's eyes now
nice is going down
I'm buddy I bought the ramp with me show
the ponytail is coming down that's how
you know it's legit you're not gonna get
hurt I have no idea she's gonna get hurt
you'll be fine
I didn't say anything she's deathly
gonna get hurt what oh it's just you're
you actually look oddly cute in that you
got to get a lot of speed you know I did
this I don't think she's gonna do this
was actually dangerous in general I'm
not I definitely am bro locating this is
for you guys she's not going to do this
this is a hard jump yeah I don't know
that was actually I have so much respect
for you all right I have so much respect
feel Taylor that was amazing give me a
high five that was really dumb are you
all right a little better a little bit
your leg hurts
calm taken care of you don't worry oh so
Ella when she embarrassed all of us
you're at fault my boy is ready let's go
this is the most ridiculous thing I've
ever seen
this is my break in the ramp yeah you
did break the ramp that's where old age
comes intended you're up bro gun and a
den and a bat Brendan he's jogging to
the but whoa what the fuck what did you
do to the poison oh come on dad yo first
off officer dudes like both of my
parents are vlogging now guys I'm done
I'm done with the broken hop and sorry
oh you fucked it up great bro you ruin
everyone's fun if you're really good
this trick like dude no it's not a trick
but you're rude no you should seize fix
it dad you look ridiculous right now bro
the pretty girls are staring this is
unfixable no we can't win please I got
more jumps to do bro I need a thumbnail
I don't know about this great Hayley's
offering to help you did a better jump
than you I think you should hand it up
to her now we're talking Paul cool yeah
yeah that was screams legit Paul oh yeah
oh okay okay we knew his eye better than
Ayla you obviously did better than Greg
assuming the bikes not broken that's
good okay we're good you laughter
Brendon ripped this one I'm gonna jump
like I never jumped before bro call me
King or bro let the master take over
guys
the thing is that's bitch activates your
dad I need you to push more gasps good
idea
dammit
oh okay still there yeah that's called a
plant bro
those are juniors 10 out of 10 broke
okay guys since that jumper freed up I'm
going to move the ramp back a little bit
those literal I'm getting their Braille
call me so that was cool but you guys
know always trying to elevate the
content my girl Kayla are you can use
this k just like sitting near the ramp
and maybe I jump over you like like over
me like I'm gonna jump over you just
please oh my god
I feel I feel thanks for trusting me
Ayla that wasn't thanks guys to knocking
like what you just got to believe in
yourself and find friends who believe in
you - good stuff teen now cuz that's
knuckle-touch
oh wow oh my god there's a lot of people
here holy I brought a whole squad of
people - guys
yo this is awkward
stop my dad Wow stop he's old and
fragile it says he has the shoes on the
carpet go get that camera out of my face
bro I'm the only blogger a lot of in
your bro so what well I wanna mark you
would he do awkward - no even looking
bro you'll make it more awkward if I put
the camera down or we getting all this I
just want to take this time to apologize
saying bro so many times today I just I
don't know what's happening ah what
Georgie stops Georgie stop mark already
did it to me George stop okay keep going
Andie's oh hi yo no alright bye guys
we got that team cerny merged let's go
where is my way I still don't have it
delivered to me ASAP rocky who is headed
smooth but who's headed food you know I
think your harnesses is because he
embraces it I think you're still like yo
I might give it up it's oh hi guys so
obviously there's a lot going on here
it's really hectic someone set up the
vlog right here that is the day look a
little shout out I'm gonna get deep I
know may not be a time limit to everyone
who bought an average merchant mo gang
Merc over the weekend you guys you
killed it bro just by exploding trust me
you guys are gonna love this gear you're
not going to want to wear anything else
not only is it empowering but it's
comfortable so thank you guys seriously
Amanda factory that's the poor man you
love the bread as much died you
means the world to me I hope you enjoyed
today's vlog if you're not subscribed I
don't know why but make sure you
subscribe join the family and I will see
y'all tomorrow
take it easy
