one two three go back thanks good
morning low guy what Bob today yo what's
your deal you want me or do not work but
you're acting like every girlfriend I've
ever had
hey guys Ayla came to hang out today's
right there okay now we've had enough
you can go home now sorry about that
Ayla Kayla you are done sense get out
get out of my face I gotta do my intro
yeah I mean like I like a new element
like no you're not
Ayla what do you think bro should we
adopt a lives you got papers can we
adopt you I'm a makeup lady I'm making
paper that's not even a newspaper is
Crangle and does all I get your mail
adoption even know my last name where is
my consent
you know after that you're on our
five-foot their way I'm cool calm you
definitely know one don't you I guess I
gotta figure more locks got sexual
really quick you know God sexually I
like that well second okay so everyone
else time to go play with calm I got
that good glued inside my face bro I
need a bowl I just moved in sort of
connotation oh here we go got ya
it's having a fanny pack I got that like
the background him over
okay get this is a powder that makes I'm
especially hit on the lager out watch
sister bro
hey Dad hope you guys can't tell by now
I'm making snow ha but I mean that's
nicely thank you like a great job did
you forget on my head I'm going to punch
you right in the face or for everybody
okay I will do it cuz I don't think
you've not Colette's doing that won't be
let in or not you don't even know what
it is I adopted her you did you don't
want him to adopt you the way he raised
her let me get to it I feel excited you
should run away from home why did you
come over there that's my Chris should I
help you always summer here it in hi I
just want to get that Christmas spirit
back tell me how
you're dreaming dobro Oh what about help
me help you with number I think 14 on
the global top I will fifty listen its
way up number one
smooth but yeah so things have kind of
calmed down here and I'm looking around
think on my dad got halo you got Brenda
but you know there's a problem going on
in here I'm gonna fix it yeah thank me
later Greg thank me later
Ayla made me later Brendon do not forget
guys by the time this vlog is out of
about ten hours left it by merchants
twenty percent off we're only doing this
one week another here so get it while
the iron is so stupid while you can time
is running out yes set or be a maverick
or if you're in the low gang you just
want to rep the fan that's my girl
that's what you do link is in the
description also speaking of this guy we
had a little incident this morning
Piazza dan Halen funny let it go no here
it is what are you doing dad what are
you doing that I'm helping you become my
sister what are you doing dad you need
to become nice to me how your son no I'm
not gonna be nice to see ya it's my
house no it's not I raised my boy unit
world and I brought myself in I bought
all of the other sports ever made ever
loose do you enjoy hurting your children
it's like what super not sometimes is
you I thought it just say now is gonna
make a joke without it's funny no but
then you think it was over no man
another answer with this tattoo
oh my god look like mom you're dressing
up is my mom yo here's a picture of my
mom look look she's right here do you
guys see the resemblance is that thing
look at the camera
do you enjoy dressing up as women some
little change of scenery it's a
beautiful day outside guys where do you
go when it's a beautiful day outside
Zealand
no no it's also not iou's house dad you
do know this to be to please say yeah
guys were headed to the beach but as
usual I have an idea
this little guy has not gone swimming
yet before I continue notice that bulk
of them up I'll say it again I'm a good
dad yeah Kong has not gone swimming yet
so I figured what
data making Bushwick and I know what the
soft people are thinking oh hi hung lit
everyone's gonna be like kill you're
taking your dog swimming in the ocean
yes yeah and his instrument at Kong does
happen not at home dude I can't remember
the old jr. honestly got some more word
about Ava Johnny McCall oh that's what
we're actually doing right now hey guys
me luck and American Life Brendan for
God's record audio so you have to deal
with this voiceover brewing here's me
giving a little pushing her around
targeting cartilage because she's a
child and under five foot Jochen you
need to get pool floaties though which
is what we found what I told you we got
a car like I do on Wednesdays here's me
jumping on the car like I do on
Thursdays Fridays Saturdays and Sundays
and if you look closely in this shot you
will see something that I like to call
wearing mad immersion real life it makes
me so happy I got my boy up I told him
to be a man it was awesome we got
another this boost not do an epic more
jah-el me
Oh
help me help
we are you ready speech a lot of red
spot against Cooper first you look
behind the row yogas dog our shoes on
bro that's the most Hollywood dog I've
ever seen look at this - come on roll
some real light I'm just saying bro
that's not cool I was good - look dad I
would know dogs don't like this dog for
after principle he used them boxing
gloves a creeper
how's the food I adopted you I just need
to make sure you're doing okay yeah yeah
is it okay okay listen sure the way come
on you're the worst kid ever bro I'm
returning guys everyone knows you can't
take your dog swimming for the first
time on an empty stomach
I'm gonna go ahead and eat my fish how
long has never felt Sam before so this
is the first time my boy calling this
average is meeting sad he's like what is
this it said I already said that puppy
long distance and great for building
castles and or smashing on that's a fact
mother Kong montage come on Tasha you're
at the beach the ocean is over there all
talking to my right knee hi bro let's go
hallo I'm reading you can you blow up
the penguin love you dot enjoy the
timeline okay got a look miniature
penguin and and these are done do we let
those as well she's good at both laugh
thank you context too high so I think
it's time to get my boy calling in the
water looking strong crazy I know we can
do it we can do it we can make a happen
buddy hi Ayla go ahead and get down in a
bathing suit so you got a dual is the
block not rose Jesus let's get out of
here
thank you go or should I say cray Lizzie
I'm fucked
I mean damaged good okay we got the tank
we got the surfboard on man I'm swimming
hammer we're gonna do it is he okay
put you in the
you into trouble because Jesus
advertising car knows how to swim
already on there I'm gonna have you swim
to shore
probably it's a good life skills
no one
I got so that actually went pretty well
so I'm like yo vlogging to sleep bro and
knowing what I know about YouTube
there's one thing that can make this
better throw it's gotta go session hello
hello I'm large has to go central
I put him prestige on sexual I have to
you just like it subscribe
what what happened I want sex to grow
why what happened to get me out you
girls I would spin Europe oh so Mia Mars
are gonna sing I'll give the first hey
what you are talking about when you
something I'm talking about sexual a
little a row in opera I've good news the
bad news day let the bad news is I only
have one vowel
concept but if you are ratchet as you
guys can see Kong is back to whoever
would like to Skippy that's a good no no
whole equipping go party good dog good
no joke the biggest fool busting yet
addictive fact doing dog swim for the
first time they also kind of proof
really big anyways yeah it's time to go
back home wrote oh yes we are back home
but I'm being quiet because my boy Kong
fell asleep in a bizarre is this so cute
he's kind of salty not like upset like
literally like salt water so we have to
give him a bath so that'll economic put
oh that's your daddy kiss me on the
mouth
oh hey guys we're getting in it may or
may not go sec so again I don't know
what is it we have to talk about even
though I think you the water dog because
it is cute
well be that little I'm screwed up oh is
it
Bo's depressing okay this is raw call
are not fucking calm to what you're so
sad as I could tell Rob let's get to
check your water man oh hi baby
you doing good hey y'all you gonna be so
clean
oh wow really - yeah that's back ok calm
you did good baby boy yeah you know
coach duck dog is completely clean
without a blow-dryer I've done this
before talking - elizy be delighted
I think he's warming up to the idea of
the blue you know I could be a dog
groomer dude if you do doesn't work out
he knows his hair is number one asset Oh
first bad buddy ha yo go oh that is the
vlog look at look when we created he's a
little puffball we know it love if you
haven't already get your matter
merchandise by the time you're watching
this vlog to say I may or may not enjoy
on but still get to gear up the fancy a
maverick doing the cute no gang
oh yeah don't like to subscribe if
you're not subscribed presented we rock
anyways not NZ I was
are you telling me help here y'all sit
down the only hobby
