okay why the mother of God 12 hours
later with it what literally I fly them
to LA I tell her making the best music
video ever and I've never seen him this
excited to drive a Lamborghini it is a
good day I just got back from skate
rehearsals for valley girl okay good
well I if you guys want to be kind your
fears there but this is talking Thursday
and Friday look for me I'll be the big
blonde Josh Brendon how are you good
morning I'm good nice trim oh yes as a
deacon of savages how you doing bro yo
you lit uh as you guys know we made a
song yesterday I just showed no other
song the final version what do you think
bro it's yeah it's like witness level
Maksim might be the best song that I've
ever made and I got help me help you
that you guys helped get to like 43
million views yo and grow thanks Justin
yeah so today we it's a nut job
thank you we are shooting the music
video for that today which means a few
hours after this vlog is live oh hi it
will be live so make sure to check it
out give it a thumbs up I want this
thing to get 25 million views wait can
we do it doo doo doo doo twelve seconds
later hey guys it's me Logan we are
going to go actually check out a new
place to live first before we go make a
music video but huh nervous birthday
what you think bro does not catch it
with real blood it's real blood
touching boo either bro get it eat bread
thank you for healing me yo yo you got
places to be mad yeah you scratch your
face I think that is what have I was
likes cover my head yeah oh jeez can you
stop doing that that horrid doctor she
said I was playing the music in the
shower I'm not even kidding and I was
like yo this bag bro
that music video ever came watch this is
what where you going what are you doing
cutting the whole people that's what I
like my boys are mad we don't wait in
line boy we were going you know we're
going to check out the building not just
the building though yeah building okay
am i incorrect and saying I could
possibly be living here I wouldn't live
there but you maverick media productions
fantasy factory warehouse turning in
right now yo its kind of gate is closed
in we're going to submit wall okay let's
see what else we call the cool bus we
could Park it right there the Lambo
right there the Challenger right there
it simply office spaces of no is it
manager Jeff or real-estate agent Jeff
like your partner's partner Jeff let's
go there's people in here something to
be respectfully because it's not ours
yet but I got a little conference room
area over here glass doors how the
business could be done there and all
this extra space for just dope this wait
what is this is just like a stage door
page you know we can make somebody teach
you oh look at this place sound proofed
and everything it could be so
professional but look at all these
lights and equipment full-on studio guys
should we vlog here from now on okay if
I get this place i'ma need your support
so comment below if you think that
should because I mean this is dope I
like this but do you got it like and
rentals out low game every maverick
limit I just pooped a little midgets
around into a pool kitchen oh my
goodness this is incredible yah-yah-yah
he's going up the stairs we've got some
more greenery over here these the rooms
like this is where I live yeah
no oh why not oh this is dope I usually
we just got to renovate a little bit hey
got the clothes in here keep the pretty
girls
this place doesn't have a shower in this
room so only the shower downstairs so we
really need a shower I mean you could
walk around with your towel out here oh
my god no how you doing you know I would
know gangster movies
oh yeah but we're going to post it
across the street right on the fences
aligning these walls but yeah man this
place is dope we definitely have to fix
it up a little bit nothing I can't
handle might be the moves let's go make
a music video if I showed you what was
behind this tour groan you wouldn't
believe me
coming do it Haley just you right I've
never seen a better looking stud of this
program and I know Jake ball so that's
saying son like you look like a young
Justin Bieber mixed with DJ Khaled
well you're right Brandon damn I'm
jealous oh yeah that's the mood I got to
pick on what I'm wearing
yeah I know guys look maverick is loving
his bridge to terabithia look so elegant
up here but oh hey what are you doing
what you got two stops to pissing him
off cuz you've been touching his
butthole
why do that I never once I got it on
video
roll the clips I think every scene with
Ella in it she ends up walking out I'm
kinda nice you know I like how this is a
conversation in my life what's your boy
wearing come on you did such a good job
with Noah help me help you girl what you
trying to do here we go oh my okay wait
a second onesie oh yeah oh I think I'm
gonna go kind of like no like I like
this jacket everyone knows I love this
jacket
I know it's so dope yeah this is the
role of fashion hi
not since we got here number four make
fire soft cross it off bro
do the honors there we go now there's
only one thing left to use we're in the
car on the way to the first location
Malibu View Estates
yo G no no not you I didn't say Malibu
we'd like Malibu View Estates Haley this
a mansion what you good no can you give
me the ceremony okay uh yeah confirm
guys this is a really nice house Noah
dude are you ready bro huge yeah this
house is big it's hard to actually get
it all on camera but this is your nephew
yeah because it looks like Darth Vader
must be nice to be rich dude must be
nice to be rich and Tilton doors must be
nice to be smarter than doors we vetted
again Wow every music video that we've
done you just find the scope is location
have another one in the books yeah I
know how you know you're super rich bro
you got silver balls for no reason why
you got them balls no uh one day you're
going to be this rich you can afford a
house like this
heck yeah bro
you should go I have a question for you
bro and you made that song did you ever
expect to be here no not a million years
or like maybe it was a little possible
possibility Oh more possibility really
like how much percentage-wise
oh I love you look at 15% it's actually
much higher than I thought you're
predictable
half-pipe over here just in case we want
to get skatey with it you gotta have a
half pipe that's a little lounge area
rich is exhausting so you got be able to
LA and then your honestly if you live in
LA and you don't have a full court
basketball court you ain't fact we
didn't even play sailor
it's like insanely beautiful maybe me
and you could live here one day see
she's walking away see everything she
walks away at the end either off awesome
camera piece you're filming no no yeah
you are you are literally holding your
fingers over this and Bhagavan off
we can fall in love with you no I'm
leaving
we need a stroke my man you got me bro
what you got is wrong I can't find we
got no drones let me down my bro it's
your time to shine Noah go the powers in
your hands no snitching what do you want
what you got bro yo you're the mini
version of me it's sick bro my god I
remember these all straight America
popsicles here's the mini version of me
problem I'm prepping it bro using man
yeah don't bother I got Sebastian's here
yo you can join your America flight
obstacle always like I'm 6 years old
again yo you want to do cheers even
though regarded but none of the smug
 why you doing this back to
childhood my thanks to this little kid
that probably was me when I was younger
for starters they're going with knowing
my step in here bro I put this here
because it's gold and you're going to
Matt what literally was a shadow the
Internet
I'm not even kidding I wanted to get 180
you are my year you means the world to
me thank you thing about this when you
make a song and you write the lyrics
less than 8 hours ago it's like
remembering the lyrics Pro in here over
here yeah who's getting them you got
number two we're touching the last of
the son like that we can over here Sonny
over here not so sunny not good for
philbo y'all vlogging damn landscapers
that's what I thought yeah what a bummer
the fact that everyone has a hero yeah
well ok we got those shots beat the Sun
as you can see it's all gone you know
look across the river
we had the why don't we boys drove why
do they always show up around that cuz
I'm Pacific
you guys later
how are you it's the squad well do it
what can you please introduce Oh bro he
wants to meet you guys welcome here bro
well he's so John alright oh no I just
meant for sure yeah yeah no I know where
did you know these are your biggest fans
real stay what's up this is why don't we
good news we found a job this guy's the
drone guy
there's the drone were golden here I
love these boys but I just want to say
like I feel blessed that I'm able to
like make a call and just get things
like everyone involved in making this
video like Brendan used to like everyone
like Thank You Man this is a team effort
and that's why these videos turn out so
well because everyone is in a row
killing it oh okay guys we are getting
it's dark outside I will say I've done
this before you guys have seen me do
this before and it's hard to shoot and
record vlog I'm trying provoking about
your lose my mind
okay next shot let's do this but not
before my man is delivering popsicles
once again real moment is the popsicle
guy oh you got a different kind yo you
got the whole stache bro
I'm Google Sebastian Wyse oh yeah I
don't know how low you can see me but
I'm going oh oh my god I love seeing
these cars bro every time someone has
made the dumb decision to let me drive
the wrong I gotta move it that way know
where you got the Lambo here you go bro
bro your chance to just stop and broke
water boy come on man yeah he's a
jokester bro I swear guy you can be
YouTube famous so John are you doing is
that the Lambo that's a lamppost the
rolls bro
why would you figure it out
Oh oh yeah yeah no King wish to start
somewhere
no more I got it wanted to start yeah
have any idea with the park I can't move
it looks like a park brake is on so it's
about you hey bro he's probably a button
right this is the parking brake
I am so obviously there's a pee there
anything you know I am whipping this
rolls dude no no no something to stop
him something
no no you cannot go in there it's good
because you're ten really how to park it
once you've moved by going to astronaut
training school this is some nasty press
the P button again no I sprayed the
windshield uh it's not even spraying the
windshield it's spraying the headlight
this car is so complicated well you got
it oh I guess the best I didn't say once
again it said pee on it I'm sorry it's
okay it's okay
because we have an umbrella did you know
that it did that I did know that I was
like let it go
what is this bro it's an umbrella and
your new 2017 rolls-royce you'll get
your own umbrella boner
seven-year-olds join cars because you
know what don't you promised you
promised a furious I did not promise you
I said in fact you could not do it no I
come back bro I need you for the rest
meet you oh he's out bro welcome back
alright yeah I did buy a Lambo I have to
go to Italy to pick it up in November
thing because it's 2018 I'm hoping I do
have a little more luck with this oke
push the start
I got the windows more than that I can
get you an umbrella literally this is
once again the hardest thing ever I
don't even know how to turn down the
volume of the radio yeah make a progress
right how's that bro
it was pretty dope they can be closer I
can't let you drive knowing you're ten I
will get in serious legal trouble and
I'm down again with illegal trouble it's
not that right climb the mother of god
12 hours later with it what literally I
fly them to LA I tell her making the
best music video ever and I've never
seen him this excited to drive a
Lamborghini I got the keys no yeah
you're gonna sit right there in that
Lambo
on to the next one we were posted up in
the Lambo right now we got the colored
lights coming through the window man how
you feeling Hey are you having fun yeah
you got young dog you could hide puppy
and most importantly I am yes wearing a
robe everyone knows that rich people
wear Rossum Lambo fact of life okay
let's do this okay guys we wrapped that
location it's late as usual guys we were
grinding grinding grinding a few number
more importantly I mean not that
minimizing of your path yeah you're
equally as important as Amanda but I
will turn this car no don't we're on the
highway it would be unsafe how are you
feeling I'm sorry the flashlights right
in your face you're feeling good I'm
gonna do it to me I said no it feeling
good God God Gudrun feeling good my
madam seven headed back home we have one
shot left we got this baby whoo setting
up their last shot with the fog machine
oh is this your idea what is my man a
genius what is my man the savage whoa
so we got the fog machine again we have
the colored light we don't know if this
shot is gonna work we don't know if the
fire alarms gonna go off well we don't
give a damn for midnight yeah man this
is this is a good stuff you guys look
like like Jacob all right boom great
Jake Paul I didn't know the same a jokes
I get on fun guys I am signing off
you're gonna have to see that shot in
the music video which is going to come
out in a couple hours the link for that
is in the description you'll watch it
give it a thumbs up I literally think
this is the best song I've made and I
just want to give a shout out to my boy
with yeah zircon aka Noah bro this is my
guy you have fun that's very important
for me wait don't move tomorrow close
this I got a thing bro that's my boy I
have to wake up in like five hours to go
shoot my movie valley girls I'm not
going to see you in the morning but yo
this is a goodbye to zircon thank you
for I also had fun I think we did a good
collab here maybe if this goes right
maybe I will be on The Ellen Show girl
like I could see the happening dude hi
guys if you're not subscribed make sure
you subscribe get your maverick merch
the link for that is also in the
description and we will see well I will
see you tomorrow
take it easy
how you doing
hope you having a good day you got you
broke anger just called that lady a bro
anyways
