hey good morning okay oh god my voice is
gone what Papa Joe where you goin Master
door shut
you got to come back to me bro come and
give me love that's my boy so yo today
is a cool day I'm doing a cool thing for
us the low gang our family our squad dad
what are you doing are you vlogging why
do both my parents look stop stop
oh I am I am it is that I'm doing it one
kid I'm due to give away like 850 sounds
like you don't agree with Bobby Jon you
can your grub he'll be done go back -
good dog please alder bonding oh you
know you're bonding got closer gates
whoa this is actually never lacking
before it's a first whoa thank you good
comment because you guys me buddies yo
so this is a cool thing that's happening
right now guys I guess I'm gonna
continue to vlog as you guys can see a
little very near life this happened last
night last night wildlife desam be in my
I don't know understand why cuz they're
gonna hook up like don't do it in front
of people at all so don't do it in my
house now we're here and like I said
we're doing a really cool thing in
today's vlog it's not clickbait logo it
is it's for real bro because that take
the time to watch me yo come on I need
you for conscious no yet they do matter
come if you didn't know that yet because
you guys watch myself which means the
world to me
and you've allowed me to lose it's just
crazy life with dogs for
it's all difference I want to take that
hot top of the waiter but to do that I'm
gonna give you guys five thousand
dollars now I gotta take it up but I
feel like a stripper this is that no
nobody read it read it
no nothing I just really feel like I'm
touching you see that guy that's how you
be a bad dog oh and a dog at the scratch
of the door because you won't let a
minute we'll have fun with them max
before I get into this here's the dope
thing starting right now right now
Saturday Sunday and Monday we're having
20% off scale of the March we're only
doing this like once a year what he's
doing what do you need was complaining
about my noise yeah there's there a door
not 24th emerge if you're a savage if
you're in the if you're in the low gang
if you're a maverick and you're feeling
like being a maverick ignoring the
haters doing your thing that's what we
do bro we making it to the top cut go to
the websites look like I'm slash shop or
the link is in the description no doubt
with john-boy xiaotong stop please I'm
glad you know stop please back to the
$5,000 as you guys know for the past
five months or so you boys been
traveling across the country literally
hitchhiking across the country shooting
stuff for my shoulder over joyed advance
baa baa baa
subscribe anyway I thought how cool if I
drop off money in each of the major
cities and I call it the money drop ha
torching bro that's it bro that's what I
did throw five major cities the last one
we are doing right now which is where I
live Los Angeles so without further ado
I guess it's time to show you guys the
first city Las Vegas here we go all
right future Logan thank you so I'm in
Las Vegas
taking a Sin City for the first money
drop man this place is freaking gorgeous
so this is money drop number one I've
never done this before in the first step
obviously to find a good spot to place
the money Jeffrey be careful were you
doing it I got so here we go $1,000 in
this envelope something in here to
substitute like this plastic bag if you
find this bag follow the instructions on
the output going to be bright in the
ledge it is right up against the legs
that's it
future Logan take it away so if you live
in or near Las Vegas I suggest you get
going another cool thing we are actually
setting plants in some of these cities
so we are going to be able to see the
riots that you guys are causing when you
go to get the money getting cameras plan
sorry that's like what plants setting
plant for like a plant like a spy like
their plans from like implants from
again for consenting cameras god Bless
America
six five five respond see you guys
getting them on okay calm down okay time
for the next city do you want to take
this one I got it next City New Orleans
go
Thank You future Logan New Orleans what
it's popping I'm here with my boy call
I've had it for like three days now
that's where I'm at in my life okay guys
City Hall is right there there's this
kind of stage area here and I'm throw in
there how is it good one bro so you live
in New Orleans get going next up what do
we got weather let's do a but this we do
Vancouver Canada
we got play playing we got low game and
I want to keep this on the DL got to
stop yelling but you get another
thousand dollars no game this is you
guys okay so going in the envelope as
you guys know I think I've said this
already video yourself finding this
because I want to put it in the vlog
it's surrounded by beautiful water we
got mountains up here we got Sun right
here we got Bennet right there let's see
where we can put this money all right
guys on the spot you kind of have to be
strong for this one or-or-or is brief
enterprise but right here under this
post no this is just something
Oh Oh Bennet can you hum yeah okay it's
under there but can I bring in Frenchmen
our guys Vancouver Canada the money drop
has dropped future Logan take it away
that was the good 180 okay so this next
one was very difficult it was in public
lots of deep voice and one of my
favorite states Colorado Colorado see
density go
Denver Colorado what cash money
is in my left pocket okay there's a
little like mall civilian area over here
some stairs right there that's what
we're going to hide them
Oh
okay so that was a bitch JD especially
because there's cops right behind me but
you guys reset something this little
crack right here good luck make sure you
get there quick future Logan take it
away so I know what you're thinking guys
you're watching this video in Logan I'm
not going to win I'm not going to make
it there in time all I have to say to
that is listen okay you might not win
but what if you do before we do this
last one you're at LACMA enjoy this
video no stop stop them enjoy this video
of Kong running in slow motion what a
cutie okay y'all look at this last one
I'm not going to give you the exact
location were like him you get that
here's a clue okay got real sent into
service mess themselves rec hall guys
this is my dad pretending to be a
tourist little do they know he has $5 no
this is crazy bro so hard to do so many
people here guys we have to reward all
of them like if one person sees those
drop this money with if you guys down
$1000 right now what would you spend it
on
it was what invest decide yes I'm joke
smart business lady I like sex at me
when I was called divergent is tracking
the people who watch my love yo if you
had a thousand dollars right now why'd
you come
I'm the top I can't do that
okay the man who created me give me the
details wisdom all right so it's
somewhere between that wall that wall
and their pen this mess right here that
Brisbane okay cool well though I'm gonna
give you if you have to reach in to get
it
I did my dad Elzy ruins it
yeah yeah okay locate we're back home
but first enjoy this video we took a cop
oh man what a cutie also one quick thing
are you kidding me
you guys I'm not even kidding right now
this dog is still here scratching the
door this is insane bro it's been like
three hours cat I'm a good dad and do
not forget lo getting 20% off all
maverick merch or everything on Logan
Paul Tom slash shop yeah and for the
next three days Saturday Sunday Monday
we are not doing this again this might
not ever happen again for this long so
get it well your top you guys the gear
is the comfy single everywhere plus when
you're wearing this logos is simple on
yourself where you going talking about
you you feel empowered like seriously
also let me just point out maverick
maverick maverick and Matt Damon slow
parrot much maverick well good luck
getting the money guys in tomorrow's
vlog it should be interesting seeing the
people going and getting the money
I wanna causing riots bro I want to get
arrested wrong and if you do win take a
video of yourself winning and let me
know what you're gonna spend the money
on that is it if you're not a part of
the low gang make sure you subscribe
because as you can see the litmus level
here is maximum maximum see y'all
tomorrow
take it easy
let's you bit
hey life is amazing here a famous little
parrot oh I'm sorry
