yo today was absolutely insane
you've got i'm exhausted out the end of
the day there is a big announcement at
the end of the vlog so stay tuned but
I'm supposed to blog off at the
beginning of the day where my life
literally became a movie just just watch
bro there's a guy in it what yo there's
a guy in my bus bro well what are you
doing what are you doing you sure you're
both get the fuck out get out of my bus
robbers yes bro get out of my bus my
name is Logan that's not a paper saying
it's my bus there is no place all your
stuff there's a guy in my bus bro I was
literally about to start the vlog I'll
do it right now is this guy in the back
hey are you more like black yo yo what
are you doing yo my man no give me buzz
along I don't know what's going on - my
foot I guess my bus is a good spot to
fix foot I understand but I have to ask
you to leave you do need my bus bro it's
the cool bus admit you need it you need
my fuckin myself what
you know he's asking for proof do you
see the parking tickets to your left
yeah you see how the name says Logan
Paul that is me not you
I know because your YouTube channel is
in Logan Valle vlogs I'm honestly just
milking this because I don't think this
is so interesting to me like do you like
the cool bus back phone so why are you
in it I'll fix myself up no this is
crazy this is crazy bro yo Brendan goes
there's a guy in it doing heroin he was
doing heroin yo yo
well no wonder the lights were on right
whoa whoa what are you doing we're doing
bro we're doing bro get out of here get
out of my bus you're not cooling up for
the cool bus bro yo Brendan what up
so we're just looking around here seeing
like what he messed with pony has the
bodily fluid cleanup kit he took out all
the bandages homie was definitely doing
drugs on the bus I guess not video just
focus about because I don't good this is
a good time to tell you guys today we
are taking the bus to West Coast Customs
to get a total 100% makeover this is a
good thing because now the bus is
contaminated with some bush to change
the way look hopefully whiskers can put
a lock on it yeah yeah definitely a lot
because we don't have that now I'm
jumping in the ball pit if I land on
someone I'm good I'm good yo you know
what I just realized ro you must be a
low gangster he must watch my vlog how
else would he know that the bus is just
unlocked in full of fun balls when we
walked up when I was originally gonna
vlog about with that the lights were on
if you leave your lights on your car
battery dies I think this my Pete
yeah he's just chewed off the wires this
whole thing is messed up my guy who is a
little gangster in my box bro your image
is done bro you're never gonna get a job
again I'm just saying it's not good to
send people's bucks okay here we go
well I feel like this is so dead well if
it is dead bro
I don't even know how I'm going to get
it there I just I want to I need to turn
the key over once and see it's doing
nothing like stuck a little bit the bus
gods be with me may the odds be ever in
my favor I tribute a girl because it's
so dead
it's look at robic you turn over nothing
okay guys there's only one thing I can
think to do another we're here I'm going
to call my guy Ryan from West Coast
Customs and update him on what's
happening hello
hey dude what if I told you that when I
went to go in my bus this morning I
found a homeless man in my bus doing
drugs and he had the lights on and now
the battery's dead and it's not moving
because it won't start the bus won't
start bro fuck never able to do I'm sure
I could find some yeah yeah we're gonna
we're gonna get on that shortly but I
just want to let you know that
definitely going down this morning
okay go oh I like we're piecing
I feel sad which is hard to do in a ball
pit in a bus but I just feel sad let's
go get some jumper cables school bus
sort of but this should work right this
could be the move if this happens
definitely that guy yes I'm employed Oh
question dude give jumper cables
you got jumper cables I'll pay you $100
tap to jump my school bus they can't
move that b-dubs I could use the jumper
cables thank nude oh why are his jumper
jumper cables wet soaking wet I'm not
complaining about jumper cables our
jumper cable I don't know what the fluid
is yeah Billy that's extra dangerous has
anyone told you how out here I am I'm
with oh yeah gotta go hurt that baby
you ever jump a bus have not me that is
quite the engine I can't see stick I've
included that I classify quality does
that dad dad I'm talking small but
better where is it located on a side of
this battery oh wait wait wait are you
telling me that's the battery I hate
myself that yes here's what's going on
walking my bus this morning the homeless
man doing some drugs in my body
yep you knew it was gonna happen now he
turn the lights on battery is dead so
now we gotta jump it moving my
challenger I'm a purple purple plum
crazy Patrick for his God how to get rid
of him I totally wasn't cool enough for
the cool bus
that goes bad all right so my dad's on
the team I have to go get my car I'll be
right back okay we're on here there is
my bus here's my car connect them real
quick here okay so we're out here bus
car I'm hoping this works I really am
hoping this works
I have jumper cables in my car that
aren't wet you should use we're going to
use those nobody likes the wet jumper
cable goes off jumper cables okay okay
this is a let's use it
I've done this before I tend to always
this happened to me before
there we go red to red black to black
and or those of you who are going to
have to do this you can put on a widow
see this okay and five they're a little
wet how those
this means is going to work give them
and not down to die today I got a I got
many more vlogs the moment I do need to
get this buster
so once in my life I'm going to take a
safety precaution that looks good too
good well we're gonna go right to right
here oh this is the one dude oh yeah
real quick
legit feel like I'm my background come
on come here if I die we had a bright
future ahead of us yeah make sure you
run as Instagram okay at Kong Sevens if
you want to fuck
whoo-hoo
chef chances death still high let's
start my car let's do have
good looks good to me okay so now I
think we just wait for like 12 seconds
later and seconds lay down okay guys
it's knit the moment of truth please
please please start here we go
Oh
no no it's beeping
no there's only one thing I have in mind
I could save us right now yeah we got
ourselves an issue not anymore
oh yeah guys look like homeless people
here what's going on well I can tell you
what almost man looks like guys I saw
once on my bus this morning yeah so we
tried jumping in there we're now having
just like a photo shoot with it cuz they
got bored and waiting for you you check
the cooter oh no what the fuck is that
you guys check the muffle bearings yo I
didn't you don't even know what you're
talking about
boy find out dad won't work well it's
not a battery issue
wait what your homeless guy try to try
to take your bus home and make it home
no wires this land underground here's
your ignition you cut it with the
scissors from your first-aid kit oh my
god and splice them together oh no I
shouldn't be here that I'm not down a
beat of home asleep I know you don't
beat up a homeless guy you don't do it
right no you hold on and stomp on but
you know as my dad he cut the teen wires
I respect this guy Stan that may be
weird the assholes for assuming he was
doing drugs or maybe he was doing drugs
and hot-wiring a car your prayer
quarters on this poster no no paralyzed
for Walgreens is across the street
basically we gotta pop this ignition out
only then will we know if we have been
better be honest with me is this like
fixable MacGyver
MacGyver's little boy who's MacGyver I'm
22 I don't know what that means he's a
dude that can fix anything with also
effective Oh yo can you imagine if I got
here I don't know 10 minutes later you
wouldn't be here cuz bus is gone oh my
god by the way I am late to my West
Coast Customs drop-off yeah sorry guys
they know the situation we obviously had
to push because this doesn't can happen
in real life which basically describes
everything in my life right now we're
waiting for my dad he went to the store
to get some tools
oh you me yeah let's all go see I'm a
good dad probably figured I'd take my
boy Khan for a walk while we wait but yo
I have a better way to pass the time
Oh
Hey
oh wow that was fun look good backing
and going you get the South GP I got it
it's right here that's my ball
hello gang mercy it's all gonna be good
now okay I like that
come on dad Hobart hoozy back to my
childhood why you had a bus with
homeless people I know how aren't you Oh
is a bitch to get back in can't get -
hit it - okay so my dad is going to take
a few minutes but I know a good way to
pass the time
Donna loghain we had to come back to the
store because we're missing something
gonna get that good a told you that's my
lot how you supposed to know what you're
doing and clearly you have no idea why
don't you just ask for my help take that
thank you appreciate that you need this
coming up dad you means it no okay as
you need it okay you need it yes
probably how early we did it guys not
next to me okay back to the box yeah
we're here oh my god my voice is gone
yeah we're here okay dad what's going on
fixing bus bro ha tell me how I got this
wire ok cutting yourself honestly I'm
already bored I'm already bored how long
is it going to take that I got I got
stuff to do bro I know it might take a
little bit love it yeah okay I know
perfect way to pass the time that gotcha
nope not a car montage it's what I did
just find out my song help me help you
has hit number 42 on the Spotify United
States viral top 50 list I'm so happy I
decided to come on top my school bus but
I'm not gonna lie I did come up here for
something else
what you're trying to do cuz I don't got
a clue no I know Scully knew how to cuz
I'm hungrier than you I just wanna get
some food in you about to get mommy yo
yo that was a pretty dope but I got
something don't clearly we don't know
what we're doing we have no freakin idea
so my boy Kenny from West Coast Customs
came to help out you can fix this bus I
hope so and get it started so is that
it's gonna be homeless man proof by the
time you're done with it yeah I don't
know I let's give it a shot process
seconds later oh oh oh
Wow
yeah yeah
how did you do that how did you do that
you did you did highway all right no
kinis my boy just touched some wires
together much much much much hear the
buses running yeah we've been here for
eight hours row a homeless man was in my
steam bus this morning he cut the wires
right a hot wire in my car we've been
here for eight hours trying to repair it
finally it just started welcome to my
life so I can describe it his beats a
homeless guy in the bus I go broke get
the shot of my boss he's like prove it's
your blood who was your bus I'm like
you'll get the ticket bro if you would
have been like groove it's my bus out of
punch them through mom here's the thing
I didn't want to beat him up cuz its
homeless it's literally bullying why
would I do that it's bullying that's the
first time I know but I just I felt bad
but anyways we got it started yeah she
knows everyone
oh yeah right Oh what every night a star
you know you're having no idea
I brought the but I have the bus did you
push it here no bro have not even get
into it no it's here okay I can you work
your magic on okay great where's the key
no just keep all the buses out there no
keys yeah
I'll work my magic see you later I'm
gonna go final goodbye
all right look that's the flower today
yo thank you for your help save my ass
like I'm glad you're my dad I'm glad I
slut hair and you done oh no I say I'm
not going bald getting more head yo yo
wait stop stop stop stop your hair looks
great I have a thing I have a big thing
broke my brother Jake Paul is having a
sale next 72 hours 15% off all his merch
I'll take you let's go but I'm like in
the low getting a little nicer q so this
Saturday Sunday Monday low gang and
maverick merch is going to be 20% off
but 40% off how to do my brothers
running for that hello we're not going
to do this Dale who is well we can do
this like once or twice a year made
so come again this weekend loca called I
got flashed shop or links subscription
okay port enter real pretty could be my
last final goodbye Lulu but that's my
boy okay next time I see you hopefully
you don't have a homeless man yeah am i
right
well gang I will see you tomorrow can we
get $200 yeah we can I looking L see you
tomorrow take it easy man
dad
