I told you brah hey what the fuck is
that noise hey oh oh god I feel bad
there is are you a game everybody yo us
what is that noise it's an interesting
morning
hey yo good morning Logan was bothered
well if you guys saw yesterday's vlog
literally just got done sleeping in my
bus overnight was a fun time good time
fun time good job for them and now we're
here and also have a fun time good time
day planned ahead of however we did have
a little problem this morning with this
speaker you know president power plane
I'm president I can focus everything I'm
doing music it was the finest haha darts
table Abrams it's not table it's still
not the back oh yeah so that was weird I
guess now is also a good time to tell
you what don't you know we're doing
today no you tell me anything I know yo
shut up stairs the bro it's what are we
doing just everyone no I can't block
everyone everyone calm down
Logan calm down mavica Brendan ever
drawn down let me get to it okay but
first I think you guys should know we
have another problem this morning with
this guy no I love him but I will kill
you bro put the knocking on this side
and he peeps from this side not only I'm
inside it's in the crevice how do you
clean that no that's not correct
yep Mavericks a little stinker anyways I
suggested that Brendan go outside me
have a photo shoot with cause the funny
thing fuckin gleizes dog so photogenic
and the coverage
Oh down boy down I'm coming out going
stop buddy
stop we need pictures for your Instagram
calm down ah you have a brand now Kong
buddy you're in the low game
your shirt even says so pup trust me you
can't get famous being a little shed I
would know my brother Jake Paul went to
the situation
hi guys we're going to breakfast hi guys
we're at breakfast
hi guys we ate breakfast yeah okay guys
now we are back in the cool bus out of
my day here now I'm here again loves me
however I noticed this thing parking odd
noticing close okay this was not here
when I left this morning that the doors
were shut mean if someone walked in my
door for the porking dude Regis hello I
don't want to do it but is it real God
what is it bro I can't wait any longer
wooden parking services doesn't say any
numbers just all your details paid one
ticket please occupy one state I could
see the problem yeah that's on me so I
gotta pay for Force Base I see how
that's the problem I'll be very nice
about it bro except your wife breaking
into my bus do and it was the last time
you've been on a school button a long
time prepare to get executed Brendan Wow
I'm not even kidding next to Kong
this is the best purchase I've ever made
members we got a look at sir we had a
little gag Phyllis dog that's my boy
that's my baby yeah baby
Logan we're going international we have
to get off open ball Logan I don't know
if they're gonna let it cool bus it is
okay ballet my bus turning this thing
around is going to be a nightmare yeah
nightmare Oh like it's not you know you
shut it off your side as well let me go
you still haven't told me Brendan no
more questions five seconds later I'm
still doing my own voiceovers guys they
made us move I can understand why it's a
big vehicle anyways relic to do this
thing so yes we're you guys actually a
that room right there
apartment number eight oh you want to
send anything to another case you can't
do that I also leave a shout out to this
apartment complex for trying to charge
me ten thousand dollars for an entire
house makeover haha
that good wall wall I did you know oh my
god Oh bro holy Alex well I extremely
underestimated this situation why do you
realize you had this many oh my god
feeling this is gonna take a while well
trip number one how's everyone feeling
good good alright alright
load them on up yeah get up you'll feel
like garbage Monroe okay trip number two
we got some more balls and we recruited
some help from some new gangsters
raining color y'all I didn't know how
out here I would be when the day started
now I realize I'm out here middle of
Halle was standing on my cool but
dropping balls from the sky roof thank
you for the balls dude that's my god
that actually was not that bad
and now we have a bus full of bags full
of balls okay now guys we have to go to
the store because I don't want the balls
running down the steps we're going to go
to the hardware store and get a wall
close it off and then fill up the bus we
need to build a wall call me son with
drought cuz I'm building a wall that's
what miss lover looks like I'm in the
right section boom I was right we got a
wooden wall Joe but here's the catch
we're gonna make Mexico pay for Joe I'm
just kidding just never enough yeah okay
we're back in the bus and now it is time
it is time to unload the ball now you
ever unload balls before no it's gone
what about you my boy I know you'd be
smashing hey watch without further ado
time-lapse go
oh my god we are almost done unloading
the bag this is amazing all right I will
say it again we severely underestimated
how many we have oh there's another one
in Perth oh yeah I think that's it okay
we did it this is it oh my gosh this is
amazing
admit this is incredible rahmel all
people either we're not this is like
five feet deep honestly guys I was gonna
drop off my bus tomorrow to get pimped
out I might have to keep this another
day bro and me the savage young doggy
okay guys this is calling first time in
a ball pit when I got this dog I
promised you would live the most amazing
life ever and this is my boy what do you
think puppies I was thinking you guys
trying to eat them coerce a guy to call
you got it yeah you got it baby oh my
god oh my god this is literally one of
the coolest things I've done in my life
yeah do you know what would make this
even better run
what nah I got first off we're not
litoris right mom we're goodno okay
don't give it to me no stop stop oh you
got it no so this is what it looks like
from up here oh my gosh it's so perfect
yeah there we go I'm jumping it was
really anticlimactic atomically I'm back
in the ball pit deep recon
but do you know what would make this
even better some more friends
ha ha yo do we need to be done buddy
doing it yeah George George George
George oh my god amazing right bro
that's good wait what George George
George no we love you a half game you
know you know what would make this even
better stop stop Pizza no no if we were
moving broke mobile ball quick every
time no pizza we're on a bus let's go
move it
okay we're about to take off the cool
bus is going what you got you bring more
people hey I got a piece man behind me
wait what no I thought you said no pizza
what are you wait whoa whoa mom I mean
look no no no I guess now that the
pizza's here we can stick to me I guess
I quote I easy he loves you no he's
surfing it's surfing honestly I love you
mom are you blogging ha are you blogging
and driving not mom you gotta stop it's
illegal
Oh
that's my book I wonder what goes
through your dog's poop be cleared of
all things accurate you guys know we're
going on up my brother Jake some fine
guys don't worry Jesus mother of god a
where you at Jake ball where you at Jake
ball or once in my life I'm about to do
something nice for Jake ball give him a
fun time let's go I'm big I'm somebody
Jake Paul Jay Paul where's my brother
where's my brother where's Jay Paul what
he just went to call me Oh Oh Oh see out
of cotton I know I was gonna do
something nice for him but he calls me
out of content
I got conscience for Dave bro for sales
come on Jake Paul for sale another for
sale video come on Jake 100 now oh now
he wants to have fun where'd you get
this tie nice shirt bro hippies from the
70s yeah that's how you YouTube cuz I
was actually mad I mean bro I come and
trying to do a good thing and like no I
didn't broke George dude yo yo take
notes kids even though my brothers salty
at me and he's like kind of doing an
asshole I let him in my cool bar because
I'm a good older brother any - I'm gonna
tell him like bro like I just want to
give you a fun time like I know it's
kind of rough at the team to ask you got
a bunch of cavemen running around and
like I just want to do something fun and
then he's just gonna dog me bro you're
dogging us right now though are you not
hot Oh mr. Powe Gowanus Caitlin I didn't
call you cavemen call a replay kind of
rough at the team to ask a bunch of
cavemen running around dude I didn't
call you cavemen
well you're going to jump in gonna be a
little jig pole over have fun with this
video
Logan you know I'm gonna have fun
yeah you are gonna have long it out the
most but once you come out phone with me
one solid ice
I'm tired I'm sorry Aaron I just want
like so just why I Kissed chance
Oh yo yo yo easy getting praised by you
see I know but it's funny because we
already
alright bye Jake I hope you have fun bro
you're my brother and at the end of the
day I do love you Bob no I probably does
actually otherwise you know what an epic
day bro we are here in the cool bus
filled with balls driving it around in
the street oh by the way guys the winner
of the iPhone giveaway as a girl named
Riley Mackenzie she bought the smash
hoodie which reminds me if you want to
be a maverick go make sure to get your
man from ours link in description or
Logan Paul con /aa what the fuck guys
doing okay I love you and I will see you
guys tomorrow take it easy
well you kidding oh the first time you
fell on wood
