you know I don't understand what you
were doing seriously stop I can't take
care of this dog you know that everyone
knows it they see my blogs
oh you thought I was uh how are you bro
help
yeah bro on tires how why cuz I've been
woken up by math Oh f√†bregas loud as
fuck have you been waking up dwarf mama
Oh Kong Kong Kong Kong Kong no you have
been waking up a big no what's your deal
no no never what's he filled row no I
mean I stated he does know he does
maverick
no that's a dumb even dwarves need sleep
maverick that's eyes you son of a bitch
never Kanban session no not gonna happen
today okay low gang I'm bout to head to
set but yo well look at my uber driver
look here she look cute it's 84.87 much
older than me so beautiful though but I
couldn't really see her face this is me
zooming into her forehead and if you
look closely you can see she got like a
really nice forehead if you look closely
but I also got a nice forehead so this
is me zooming into my forehead and if
you look closer and closer I am I got
okay back to the vlog I say D like oh
yeah Bennett good morning about it I do
okay guys you know me
you look like Elvis bro that's right a
tense sexy version velvety low gang it
is prom night here on the set of value
grow which reminds me if you don't are
if you're new to the channel my name is
Logan Paul I'm playing the character
Mickey in the film called valley girl
he's the second biggest chach on planet
earth the first being me Logan also we
are still we are the fastest growing
channel on YouTube at the moment yeah
yeah really like I just saw my mom
freaking out guys they put me in this
trailer alone and I just I don't know
what to do oh wait a sec wait someone
tweeted this video at me at Logan Paul
if you wanna follow me there and I
thought this was freaking dope I didn't
watch the whole thing but we're gonna
watch it right now this is actually
amazing
I told you man that kid zircon is his
name and original song by zircon my man
your skin ledge classic man classic I
love you bro I don't even know you but I
feel like I love you okay you are my
year road I walk to say yo this is brah
let's go take a look at this magic Oh
talk to you later
oh oh my god I will say this is the
third like Hollywood prom I've been to
for some reason every character I play
like ends up going to prom place is
beautiful how you doing you're beautiful
everything's so beautiful especially in
what's going on hey forgive so this is
by far the biggest movie I've ever done
that's why this problem is so massive
and everything looks so cool problem
freaking pump no use
meters let's go what do you have bro
tapioca pudding I need it in my life now
I have it in my life I think I'm gonna
do big movies more often bro I need more
tapioca pudding in my shot a scene go
into lunch no this is crazy God
yo late little late but all right we've
got a horde of prom kids going to lunch
right now this is amazing this is
incredibly did you do his hair okay okay
PG PG why did the potatoes look like
mushrooms and how did the potatoes look
like monstroso see those mushrooms yeah
yeah they begin from the batter okay
what no seat though they're potatoes
though as I said you've been trolled
your whole life I'm sorry the best part
of being upset with actors is they're
they're new to this vlog life is that
right bro I'm so nearly I've seen one
drive long and Romo try blogging go high
we're all set I just hate all my food yo
clean plate baby you know what it is
we're here we're robbing explain what
you're doing to the logo I have to wear
these they're clip-ons though right look
it'd look great
do I pull them off better than Chloe oh
yeah I do all the dudes want to smash me
guaranteed class sure pass bro yo you
even pull it off better than Chloe it's
that mugger you are you don't like the
cameras your face you want to be exposed
no no Chloe PG but all the young girls
watching this who don't have to that's
cool I got nothing it's cool guys it's
really all about the personality but are
the only reason that goodbye like
because I'm like somewhat tolerable
uncomfortable he dislikes my no it's not
a culture it's just like what I don't
know what to say like if I'm running out
of the sentence I'm just like have
anything else to say
wake me Chloe maybe you know what now
after watching I just watched a couple
of she's in the low game I was because I
was little like creepy kidnapping space
here it's way too hot out there guys
it's literally like a thousand degrees
look at me man I'm first braiding out
the wazoo anyways you remember on
yesterday's vlog I said Logan if we can
get half a million likes on it your mama
agreed to drop out of college and become
my roommate like 300,000 likes in like
two hours lo Kang strong let's go I'm
gonna give him a call see what he thinks
seventh video from yesterday has 300,000
likes on it oh you're gonna have to drop
out of college abroad and become my
roommate so hot sick what's over there
we got some Oh cooped up in trailers all
day you guys know I was sitting here
yeah but you know bro locators are smart
how many I love my family I'm deep all
right that's it guys a rat long dance
set I haven't done much I haven't
vlogged much time to go back home though
we gotta do something let's start off
with
it's the same girls in yesterday you got
the Maverick ah right yo I told you guys
get bored
don't you like you scream the loudest
yeah is it gonna be everyday Brit what
are you guys dig Paul did you die oh no
you look at some go ahead and read the
number of likes on this video go ahead
480 trust me guy he was on the fence and
this is just the final push man you're
gonna be a movie star Evan give me the
next Peter Dinklage bro why don't you be
the next the rock
cuz he's here guys while we're talking
numbers I'm just gonna spit some more
stuff offense we hit six million I'm
sorry I haven't adjusted yet bro six
million YouTube subscribers in like nine
months am I out here that's unheard of
well unheard of I'm out he's out here
number two oh no oh yeah I hit 12
million on Instagram y'all I'm even more
out here haven't you ever that's a
touchy subject just say row just a
number four hundred thousand oh oh
you're gonna live with me like guys
we're just gonna have to get used to
following of it what's your Instagram
words just plugging yourself at Logan
Paul I put my name over it actually what
it is though no just a bro i'ma do it
this time
at Logan Paul boy come here buddy come
here this little guy hit a million
followers on Instagram maverick repair
it skeet burn no no not just a bird the
bird yo yo don't talk about him like
that as it no Evan don't square up with
him he woke you up bro
you will flew congratulations man you
hit a million we'll throw a party okay
cool
doggy hi buddy how are you probably will
by the way you good bro Michael hi puppy
how are you there's my little life Oh
Mia doggy I got a fun vlog planned for
us guys so obviously every day I'm out
here trying to make my vlogs as epic and
exciting and entertaining as possible
today's been a little slow so I'm gonna
play a prank on Ayla she is coming over
right now I'm kind of a convince her
that we are selling Kong to a guy we
found on Craigslist Allah loves
conkright we all love Kong but I'm gonna
be like yo I'm too busy or I don't even
know i'ma say but we're gonna do it and
that guy from Craigslist is my boy okay
so um Ayla I think it's gonna be here in
like roughly 10 minutes ignore my
messy-ass closet guys I'm still moving
in I'm 22 look look bro I got two
entrances to my apartment complex mm-hmm
you know that yeah bro when Eilat enters
from down there Mike I want you to hop
out here don't twelve seconds later the
concierge texted me that Ayla is on her
way up
listen did you know because the only
person in America with this specific
keyboard have you ever want to be EJ I'm
texting my can tell him during the
doorman
first time ever you're like yeah
gopher breath god I have a leash for him
yep I got his little shirt this is a low
gang could never forget bro okay from
life like oh well not not in this case
you so like went so like for example
like when's like his birthday and stuff
like that he's birthday's February 1st
okay he's four months old yeah because I
want to get him like a cake and stuff
you know yeah I would have a manager
does it my man doesn't have a manager
you know I guess I would be as man's
okay how do I like pay you because I got
cash what five hundred
yeah it's 500 bucks for Mike it was the
easiest way to what that's 500 yeah how
does away I got yeah I was gonna ask you
to do 450 just cuz I'd had to drive here
Mike is Mike's gonna buy Kong for me
because I've been just like busy on set
and I
think I can like it's a lot of
responsibility I just try to help out to
be honest with youth no no that's fine I
get it but like why are you just give
them to me
Mike's my boy that's why I gave him the
discount like I bought him face 25 and I
know how to take care of his Instagram
and stuff yeah so cuz I work I don't
have a social media so all right this is
like like yo I get it but this is my dog
know 100 Assessors you Kayla you you've
been hanging around I'm so busy
Evan Evan has been trying to watch him
while I've been on set how is that been
Evan what are you talking about because
you haven't been here Mike does have to
go i'ma hit you though yo see it's been
on the to-do list is literally behind
you it's number one of your doing
seriously stop I can't take care of this
dog you know that everyone knows it they
see my vlogs now only one I have to do
I'm sorry sorry I don't want to get
aggressive we look I don't know he's
fine no he's fine Haley Haley he's fine
he's fine my comeback my it's a joke I
was doing my comeback
why would I ever so-called he's the most
famous dog he's your son now so there's
more than just me I would never sell my
son unless it's for the right price
wasn't enough to close out the vlog give
me the info yesterday's vlog you have to
move in that bro
congratulations I welcome to the palace
I don't know how my parents are gonna
take it but I'll give them a call I'm
very responsible well gang that is the
vlog okay so hey make sure to get your
maverick merch Logan Paul Khan's last
shop or link in the description B if
you're not subscribed yo you saw we're
late bro so make sure you subscribe and
see I hope I was able to distract you
from your busy life and hope this was
entertaining in some way shape or form I
will see you tomorrow
okay take it easy friend okay you are my
year oh you mean the world to me so then
you are my hero
you helped inspire me yeah well we'll
see you later Danny
