I want to talk about how we're great
together the wall like can we make it
permanent
you guys show me show us show us that it
needs to happen hello hi good morning
walk home with Papa yes my doggy making
my dog I think Kong is digging these new
Kong Sevens merch t-shirts we just
dropped I've got is attacking me goodbye
heaven I'm going to set be a maverick
can you look cute today what this is
amazing why did you would why'd you
change I like it cuz Nikki just needed a
change
thank you coming back baby Nikki don't
look back get out get out of my I'm
gonna expose you I'm it I'm gonna expose
you expose yourself I was your excel
ladies and gentlemen I can tell you with
100% absolute certainty baby
we're shooting at a school today I'm
literally scaring all the children so
this is the school obviously but this is
what I respect the most
my man just getting my man's I think
he's on the phone to my mans again Here
I am I think I'm a savage this guy's
working and doing sit in our respective
row there are so many people on this
movie set we got like extras over there
we got the whole crew right over here
and yet I'm the only one that looks like
a choc yeah
good old judge can ask alleged gel-like
collapse of tweeted this at me I feel
like I like it there they'd like you to
sit in please both for the movie I gotta
leave the low gang on a cruise banger
sorry I twelve seconds later hey guys
Mickey back again okay here we go
ask I'll a gelling kalasa tweeted visit
at Logan Paul I feel like this word fit
you perfectly listen Rastro filial push
drop Sydney restaurant for the Oprah
show they were special to them
especially which I'm dr. Leo Sarkisian
whereas bill Filioque Ostrosky now a
spontaneous combustion of creative spark
that has followed by action in order to
manifest and bring into existence love
this word feeling everything I do is the
rational filial Josh's all the sudden I
get these creative sparks you think -
rocket - find then I do Umbro that's the
blah blah well that's that rational very
efficient City the more you know anyways
yo look at this we got food but more
importantly is that mawa yeah there's a
weekend your weekend was list we can
with MIT guys we you guys know with the
brothers bonded we came back for the
first out of the wasp boat I just want
to draw the your second a lot of people
are saying it was a pub pubic-hair
publicity stuff you know for a fact was
that not like it was it was a seminal
convenient opportunity events that
happened to lead to what happened was
fun it was fun responded but but now we
gotta grab BM revenge lady yeah before I
the person up there was okay and I said
no you how great someone talking to them
that's me
oh I'm a vlog I'll talk about Rastro
Sileo chris trosset 'yes rascal Sileo
prescribes at the riverside Logan which
is rap show raspy Opilio velocity I want
to know I don't know too bad
how many reasons using we're in this
little raise in packs because we're
really bored guys fucking between Diggs
and I'll bet you $100 is thirty raisins
I think there's more than that nope oh I
go under 30 I say definitely over 300
bucks on the line let's go upping the
box what's in the bag what does the
manual it was not me Dewey Cox course
but you could win 20 to 23 on it zags
are getting close 25 26 27 60 I
appreciate that you're done it for 40
thanks charlie I also appreciate you
there $60 what's the most you give up my
money
oh wow okay we just broke for lunch yo
look who came to visit me on set oh my
god we got the little dragster how did
you get in bro is it not closed off I
just know something okay I like the I am
bro y'all look good in this Marsh
represent all the time Logan oh yeah
let's go Lincoln is good to violent go
yeah yeah oh you're so welcome and okay
locating it's me all these like sauce
takeover
we have maids of this book you need it
Logan I'm so sorry rape on no no games
no song you guys are destroying my brand
we're helping you
no you're not what did you say did you
talk about your leaky butthole you know
what happened I saw my camera's reversed
off you got to do it with the sound off
I tell you about water touch my hair are
you gonna do Chloe quake me haha hey
guys it's me look we actually realized
that we we actually realized how hard it
was the vlog were they boring guys yeah
I probably got cut happy anyways
Geoffrey it's me Logan I was with you
earlier oh okay as you know I'm having
trouble with my apartment complex at
course feel like I'm gonna get kicked
out can we look into other apartment
places where houses house may be think
I've been doing you've been preparing of
course that's my boy I have a couple
that we're looking at
oh okay so new place to live is now in
the word so that's a good thing now
we're just waiting around for the next
scene oh my god what have you done to my
car
yo they deck this thing out with cameras
guys this is how they do moving car
scenes in movies so we got one camera
here two cameras here director here
actor here hi Jessica how are you
looking beautiful that's what I've done
even worried about but the best part
about all this your boy matches Brosius
fucking straight yellow eye yellow oh my
god I'm such a job
I'm in the car right now we're about to
shoot the scene but look across the
street yeah we got more little gangsters
there's my girl via maverick repping the
little gang - sure yeah are you in the
low game obviously Xavier and I show you
something Chloe wait Lois looking
something so nice to all my fans
hashtag Logan so nice all my fans we're
standing on the corner and you just
think those are little gangsters are you
guys little gangsters oh you guys have
anything to say to Chloe
oh my god like me Chloe
you know what I'm actually really
excited that Logan has jeans on her no I
hate it I think he actually looks nice
and jeans and I think you should wear
them more like would you smash time
nicer like that no I'm gonna go oh my
god you guys I rap and I come home and I
round the corner
Logan so nice
there's a lot of little gang love today
I like that
wasn't it damn bro we're missing I'm not
spitting food with a good topic no why'd
you come down I was leaving forever yet
and I thought there was a random
shooting from so much spinning you guys
woke you up in the screaming morning
look what you did you are sure that
dummy is what I'm gonna kicked up you
tell me where I'm here you know great
leg over there so stop watching you do
it somewhere else be it for treat that
with a slow gang love to these Oh
oh my gosh I'm home I made it up that
was crazy you guys anyway song I'm not
here playing with him and then I think
there's a mass shooting going on that's
what George said I really thought I was
in that shooty like oh okay look guys
we're hungry are you hungry Evan yes I'm
calling you hungry okay great
Brendan great we don't know how to cook
Brendan do you know how to go knowing
Kong any idea
great talk to you later Kevin a recipe
for a really good bullish series okay
whoops and I didn't vlog much today so I
figured why don't we take three days and
have them cook a meal let's go I'm are
you around
I already follow we found the girls
again so we're just you know I love them
okay what up hi hi I'm talking your
friend I'm talking on the phone who is
it Evelyn hi I'm Lynne I love you who
this yeah dad was look he just took the
phone and started talking to her friend
I gave her the navitat wheezy what are
we cooking
I don't know let's just go grab your
classic roast chicken grab the chicken
okay I've got it
I so first gotta cut the fat off faucet
double cookie what's your deal well I
make you famous on Instagram this is how
you treat and gotta treat me with her
special hello Ayla nice of you to join
us
take this we're cooking hey the were the
big knife I think this is becoming my
life motto when in doubt ask a look even
here my job what did you say
did you have anything bigger in here now
should never get to experience with me
yes the waffles I've cooked waffle
before I can do this piggyback chicken
and waffles
the entire low guy whittling did you do
that on purpose
seriously what because I make a little
joke eating also any short thing I've
done is put it somewhere wherever
careeach ash okay you know what you come
back you develop everything of our
soccer relationship you know what I
don't need your help
just so you know my boy are you doing
fine with waffle again no Rick anything
bring anything I somebody has these B
that's what it is at he's gonna chicken
no I just feel like I've slowly become
the victim here sorry for the things
that says can you please help me Oh
Bailey are the greatest in the world any
look you're the greatest in the world
and honestly I don't know what I would
do without and honestly I don't know
what I would do is is really easy and I
really need to tell me a letter that's
true ah
I said you're great it was a dog on me
for not having seasoning or batter I
don't know what I'm doing but I didn't
have B if we crush these up and take
those eggs and mix them together is
there a possibility you don't mix it na
o one part that you put like the batter
I don't even know how it's done do these
need to be crushed
yeah done what are you doing you're
making a mess good trips muscle can you
aunt answer me something who does it
we've empty egg in a whatever this is
carton must have been Jake Paul Jake
that make sense okay just got done
whipping up some eggs and I guess making
some sort of ready yeah what are you
doing you look you need help your hands
say the whole bull but I haven't seen
you in forever
passengers a typical Paris Paris oh oh
that would be untalked about school yeah
it's got done of a second year oh oh my
boy said you could would you ever drop
out of school I thought about it
absolutely yeah I dropped out can turn
your first year right you made it
farther than me do I support education
but I just feel like you belong out here
both that's what everyone's been saying
I've known heaven for four years at the
start line was I convinced him to be my
new roommate would you ever consider it
would you ever get to be my roommate
probably hasn't finished college first
stuff no Evan no oh yeah Evan I want you
to be my roommate very great no okay wow
it's a Logan gets this video I'll
quarter million like so you drop out of
college and be my roommate hell no video
got 250,000 lights is like yes right it
did look extra half a million likes on
this video you drop out of college and
become our roommate bro
just do it bro don't even think did that
maverick spear
bro I said get that okay are you joking
are you know half a million half million
up Evan yeah you always talk about how
we're great together at the wall like
can we make it permanent
you guys show me show us show us that it
needs to happen alright let's finish
cooking this meal healthy laugh what are
you doing tell me too soon gonna make
everything stick you didn't eggs and
eggs first so much oh dude oh my gosh we
are going in right now oh my gosh hey
let's put it in the bag we're gonna be
roommates we make chicken walking every
by every day
yayi oh my gosh you guys it actually
looks good
anything anything oh it does pretty good
oh I'm hanging out okay I'm not gonna
stick her out for dinner Ayla no they
said no change
all right guys big news waffles are
going down covers out there bro can we
just take a second why I think we did it
waffles waffles the moment we've all
been waiting for
oh well I did a little too much but it
looks so good
you late you put the syrup on the
chicken yeah chicken and waffles bro
syrup it was that crazy I've never
actually had chicken and waffles shut
the up so what I got yo buddy why are
you so hyped about this whole thing like
yours every four intelligently I'm them
average chicken ever oh it has a taste I
don't make Joe enough talk more each
brand and prop that camera up in sit
your ass down
oh yeah guys this is the closest thing
I'm getting to a family meal ever
I really I really enjoyed it this is
good way to grow their first-ever
chicken and waffle dude yo that's my boy
bro
this is a good time to say guys even if
you don't believe in yourself you make
those chicken of waffles I guess that's
it for the vlog on that note guys I've
been feeling more like maverick II
recently and like always I encourage you
guys to do the same to be different be
unique be passionate what I'm saying is
be a maverick I'm gonna continue eating
my chicken waffles and I will see y'all
tomorrow jacket exam a new roommate I
want a dozen likes you want to do it do
the hair thing
hey get a cousin in here I'll here we go
to the camera
