good morning as you guys know I started
my big movie valley girl yesterday they
gave me a cool weird funny 80s haircut
and when I showered and came back to
2017 this happened bro is this like gap
here and then long hair in the front so
did that which is the problem because in
one hour I'm flying to Las Vegas an
award at the Billboard Music Awards oh
my god oh hi gasps yeah wait I can you
prove that in any way shape or we had
manager Jeff shirts made it had to have
but yeah I'm presenting an award at the
Billboard Music Awards correct what is
the word I'm presenting he presented the
top social artists or great way my Wisie
not me am i right social artist or DJ
and who was the nominee justin bieber
BTS Selena Gomez Sean man whoo hear that
Mama yeah that my mind you can echo
sorry all right I'll just stay home and
take care of calm I like that I need to
take care of my little boy I buddy why
so tired this morning I should the Logan
your shirt I don't know if you guys can
read it but yeah he's a set okay so
anyway so since the Lena Gomez is the
nominee I could possibly be handing the
award to Selena Gomez once I call her
name possibly you're presenting with
Lindsey Stirling so maybe she's easily
Sterling's don't be a panda or Lindsey
I'm sorry I'm handy the Awards is
willing to go as you wish you might not
win like oh and maybe Justin Bua when
she wins I dare you to kiss her on the
loo
I'm saying she's got the most followers
on Instagram is it it could be a viral
moment you're known as the viral
sensation true I know why I can't do
that because the weekend was fuck no
because it's sexual assault and that's
why I'm not gonna do it wait what is
yours yeah a good day I told you to say
that it's such an X I I want to actually
ready action
hey guys you tomorrow oh there you go
someone's better acting Sunday on ABC
without you 5 p.m. you see you soon
just watch the Billboard Awards there
was guys you know me you know I'm going
to be a maverick when I have
that's day doing my thing not following
the path of others and being different I
got a dope outfit gonna be yeah make
sure you watch what true love right here
Oh animal to know this is another Kong
where did you find this brush your hair
brushing wings every day what yeah
that's my hair I could use this actually
from this product it actually kind of
work it was disgusting get out of my
face that is true love guys that's my
mom goodbye young Jeffrey do you in
Vegas hello see you there couple hours
couple hours I we'd have to split up for
long like what I'd be like how's it
going bro oh-ho-ho-ho-ho could you take
a left on Hollywood I got a smoothie to
go before I'm out hey gotcha hmm
guys I love smoothies but you know
what's better than a smooth private jet
yeah I am fortunate enough to be able to
take one to Vegas today actually with my
little bros - why don't we boys who I
believe are actually right I'm a jet
fighter jet I don't mind it this is sexy
what do you get when you cross a bunch
of Millennials with a private jet hell
of snapchat bro helicopter Helen segreto
Jack you do trick nexor jet you got this
bro tell me how to do the honors boys Oh
guys I'm not gonna lie I looks like I'm
a baller I'm not this is just really
cool emotion that's what I like Daniel
makes everything look better correction
though I'm not a baller yet one day I
will have my own private jet
damn how does it feel bro I don't even
have words right you're the pilot please
do well flying in the world's fastest
civilian get a fastest civilian jet six
hundred miles an hour no gang this right
here this this is high society nothing
can stop us we always take a roast a fat
holy was a lion bro Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff
it's SS fog ice Tech boss - Jenni I dare
ya come I ground I love you oh my god oh
we get deep Stu listen up right now this
is super cool and we're all like
freaking out there on a fire
jet put in like three years I bet it's
going to be like portable gonna be
normal is like normal I froze it got you
guys I'm exploring the plane right now
so many drugs what do you got bro we got
bling we got I got Clif bars we got
breakout we all love they all came
because they heard they were wet wounds
you know this right here though this is
that good good I got a little alcohol
right no whisky bro no no your honor I'd
rather it was over you the Harvard JETRO
bad oh you're right now horrible I like
whiskey I just did it for principal back
in the plane you would think this is a
chair and look closely no gang it's a
toilet oh my god no way no way do I only
told you 12 times the first message you
put on a bigger bed by what you trying
to do cuz I don't gotta know I know
could you help cuz I'm hungrier than you
I just want to get some food in you
about to kill mommy oh yes now might not
be the time to get deep but I promise
and I encourage you if you keep doing
you keep being different pushing
yourself working hard legitimately being
a maverick
you guys can and will accomplish your
goal I never thought this would happen
to Brooke but for the middle of nowhere
no higher
so guys this is what a private Airport
looks like very small but very classy
sometimes the best things come in small
packages which basically describes my
brother James gotcha bitch we are on our
way to the hotel do you guys know what
you're saying tell me I told the boys
that the vibes are good this weekend I
might put 10k on black oh no I have to
camp like Ritter last time I put I put
five camp black and I won I got lucky in
these jeans
bro I won that's why I got to go higher
okay I'm black you can't get my back
yeah yeah what do young I will gamble
for you 20km over there Bill Gates Bill
Gates is over there look at that guy
that's definitely Bill Gates bro that
right there that's Bill Gates the
richest man on planet Earth look at that
definitely Bill Gates no way yep yep
there's a picture next to my editor did
all those they got fans already bro oh
my god yeah I get to see these guys blow
up right in front of my face and not
like actually explode like in their
careers they're just getting bigger and
bigger let's help Pete yeah yo that all
my god Lions got a huge hat I missed it
yo you're right that is a big hat bro
but not bigger than that hat right there
can I have your hat nevermind we in the
boys room right now let me show y'all so
he's gonna show himself go for wrong way
but are you going hey doesn't mean much
cooler but there's this like screen here
which is ruining everything I was gonna
go to the stadium do some work I'll see
you soon as my boy these mellow bros are
here but ed nope no in overnight ed oh
my have a good good play
last time I was here was actually for
Logan Paul vs. Cirque de Soleil good
memories broke good John but I'm just
saying presenting an award to Selena
Gomez my big dog bro you guys know Peter
say you move gun what makes you say that
Belko do I smell color bye I love you I
really love them I don't know them that
well now we are somewhere backstage or
underground or so I don't know because
can't tell Jeff did not brief me on this
and I have no idea what I'm doing or
where I am but I'm here help me help you
okay okay we got a free iPhone still got
a stupid haircut now headed back to the
hotel in this thing yo where is it I've
seen the story whereas it saw this on
your Instagram story bro what was what
did you find in the bathroom no I've
never seen anything like this before but
I'm guessing it's a female skull how did
you put it in the trashcan Daniel right
hand routine yeah I'm gonna do it why
when in Vegas yo you flicked the right
in the middle groan well well well look
who it is
yes we're doing my hand Wow y'all got
the nice room what are you doing this
evening just look at his guy you walk in
the door bathroom massive ultimate smash
walk in the mirror I'm mirror look at
the ultimate smashing walk in the room
bedroom mirror bed more smashing I got
candies for smashing and then most
importantly the view oh my god this you
doesn't have a little blind to ruin
everything
I'll never let go Jack
oh the rumor is Denver and you're
talking about what happened someone
builds a building like we had this
conversation yeah like you can't mess up
when you're building a big build that
building straight heads pretty big right
on it
bit wrong this building right here then
they told him no one can live in there
no going there somebody ha ha ha ha oh
that was their job the question is what
is that guy's name and who did it
this building right like so many floors
I can't imagine how expensive this was
you know why they build the whole thing
that you realize they made a mistake
usually when you break something like
when you demolish something in Vegas
you've seen it before q2a now we're not
queuing to anything that that's it the
point is Las Vegas I'm with the guys
know as you guys know people do not
sleep in Vegas and I also don't plan on
doing that tonight what's the oh my god
I've been I've been that guy yo I know
that guy I know I know that guy I swear
to god I know that guy
bla bla bla bla do Rita from wampa bro
people are looking are you are you
did you know you were here at Vicki's
you know I wasn't make it like hump day
whoa you okay where you going lapa we're
best friends you're my hermano that was
freaking weird bro I got said I was just
jokin but right here we were we were
originally not going to have a waffle in
the rest of the vlog like making funny
comedy you know what we're about to do
something really dumb because wampa is
about to hit 10 million on Instagram we
want to take a cool picture right that's
true we're only gonna post this if we
get into some trouble so if you're
walking you're actually watching this in
me means something I'm good at
welcome to
Oh
amazing reinforcements
oh yes you actually got yo yo how did we
get out of that housing officer and it
sounds really done with taking an
Instagram picture here's our up how to
turn out then we show them he's like I
go that doesn't happen waffle is the
first time I get I believe I've dealt
with the police say at least ask for
your ID he must be a low gangster that's
all I can conclude
for the biggest kid no rules and laws
gonna bye-bye our sample I love gang I'm
done doing chick darling I walk back
home it's very hot in the States so I
took my shirt off nipples out and on
that note that is the blog guys are
loving I felt like today was a very
maverick day good stuff a lot of good
things happened yeah good day bro don't
forget guys you can get your maverick
gear local Paul back on slash shop or
link in the description get out there
rep the gear and let's change your world
together maybe also do not forget to
subscribe you're not subscribed you
tomorrow logging family time
hey hey I have a dog and I walk my dog
just the way you're walking your
children life is amazing
