why did you guys get divorced and ruin
my childhood good good morning little
gang with Bob I got one thing to say on
this beautiful morning help me help you
son you guys probably already seen the
music video but I am making it public
today you know vlogs are like a day late
you wouldn't know this blog like well
yeah dude oh these are available online
but yeah only 500 these shirts are
available I'm looking for like I'm slash
shot anyways cause oh oh
calling I have big news buddy guess
who's coming right now it's your grandma
that's right guys my mom my mom is
coming yeah she's coming right now but
you're we have we oh you have a problem
if y'all notice I'm setting on my house
I put these rugs down yesterday see look
it's so soft and fluffy
yes something on a dime and if you guys
noticed is another rug this one is white
and even fluffier and more expensive
like look at this it's like two inches
of fluff however you'll also notice the
gate that's because we had a little
incident last night with that guy last
night no we just put this white rug down
what have you done
literally I put this down five minutes
ago Oh being a dog owners hard body boom
body poop there that movie poop there
what's your deal bro don't lick me no
like why bro
why why me bro home let me know when you
have to pee I can let you out bro help
me help you call anyways guys my mom is
gonna be here and in the next cut hello
mom he loves you he loves his grandma
give me a hug mocking me how about wait
a second what are you doing nothing are
you vlogging no I think you are mom I
got yo my whole family vlogs and be my
new granite jaw
hello hello yeah look at the falling in
love she already forgot about me oh
sorry
yeah member me hey I'm all good if you
like thanks thanks I'm pretty squishy
what here's just like calm oh it's true
it's just me thinking my house mom it's
really really Khloe coming together
right when that would be a big adult man
wait what oh no my mom is here she's
gonna clean up after calls we do not
move there go this organ need in my life
yeah yeah that's no yeah no go outside
honk that's where you go potty
yeah here we go wait what you're
bringing the poop oh this is interesting
dude what's your deal bro you've been to
me lately like at least take me to
dinner before you sweep off what you
just put his boot down there so that's
where you go potty do you think he's
gonna recognize that his poop belongs
here I don't know about this help me
help you hey girl what you trying to do
cuz I don't got a clue no I know
scooby-doo Oh have you seen this video
yet no I'll show you
hi Mary hi oh you wanna watch don't
watch buddy I call her mom buddy hi oh
yeah did you miss me Mom just keep with
the vlog camera down yes miss me you
please with the yoke are you okay god
you're good bro gotta go poop I'm not
letting you into boo bro
no come on yo don't you now you're
making me feel bad bro yo my mom
maverick is on my shoulder that's a bad
mom bad mom
yo you just let him in Mavericks on my
show that bad mom you you did you put
help me help you
you tryna do cuz I don't got a clue no I
knows coming hey yeah I get ya I hope
you like it sixty thousand no it's
awesome though right yo lo que I know
you guys are already on song is now out
on iTunes and Spotify I want this to
charge Sun I want it to the top of it yo
maverick come on I wanna make away oh
here it comes
boom almost bonding guys Kong and Matt
four enemies go get the song and I can
stream it on Spotify the link for both
is in the description yo my mom is
literally filming my dog humping his
toys and she's having the time of her
life this is my family yeah get a car
this is my boy my boy smashing the toys
takes after his dad mom two L's later
okay guys now we have to take Kong to
the vet he's gotta get a shot step this
yeah this is my problem
come on dog come on boy yo why is this
dog so cute dog get up bro we gotta go
to the vet how did you know to hear us
how does he know that
Oh how does he know but yo this doesn't
make any sense does anybody have an
actual reason why he's doing that he's
never done this dogs have instinct I
have instinct killer instinct lung you
think I'm above draggin you down the
hall I'm not oh there it is there it is
yeah come on bunny see this makes me
think he was just tired I think he was
right like he doesn't speak English I
don't think there's no way here just
talking about the vet or maybe he did it
my dog does speak English BA young
donkey kong the savage bull
I love these girls there's math that he
is really mad my goal is to have
maverick ride calm like with a strap-on
come it's gonna happen guys have no
information on that I literally know
nothing about him besides he's a savage
so are you gonna make doggy merch now
like are we gonna everybody wants to
know that who Logan Logan what you think
we may have I have a standard Cola
totally rockin really no I need to
happen happen happen what a button gonna
be the full name Anthony I can answer
this question
young doggy King Kong Doug savage pumps
young dougie King Kong this damage
policy let me see if you got it right no
let me see come on please young doggy
the King Kong Savage no no it's young
doggy King Kong does Savage ha not young
doggy the sinks out I don't even know
what you did you must know Kong you
gonna be okay buddy
on your right in his but my gosh I can't
I can't show you this is it a PC no no
that was rough that was hard to see as a
day my boys good now he's relaxing we
gave him treat that's okay buddy part of
being a savage is having think shoved up
your butt from time to time you're doing
good dogs
all young doggy that's a no-no I guess
is homemade facility my right wall I
don't have the cooling zone you got cut
off breathe as much as you can I'm doggy
that King Kong does how's he getting
along with Mary at home
is he gonna keep right Isaac any better
nowhere yeah Howard free girl 15 20 yeah
he's gonna make 10 more pounds oh I got
a new row and he pooped on it bro you
wanna make sure he's not seen that you
clean up cleaning up after him oh yeah
you guys low post I just want to know if
he understands English because like he
heard us talking about taking the vet
and also maybe like to stop well they
know when they after a while start
bringing in the here and you know run
out of door so okay you know he knows we
gotta see that if a second later I am
still doing my own voiceovers okay Kong
got the shots guys clearly he's not it
was rough but we got through it and not
my little dog it's tired broke okay so
now we're gonna go home I'll leave this
up to you Mon you got it now I'm just
kidding guys I never let go of my baby
anyways we are home right now Kong go to
sleep buddy go papi I know those rough
but you did good okay
guys I'm so hungry I'm getting angry
where I come from we call it huh we got
melody we got my mom except one thing
that did make me less hangry right
before we left I call my mom doing this
what are you doing mom what are you
doing mom mom you're old and frail
you're gonna hurt yourself
she's blogging you're a cutie mom like
you really are in another thing that
makes me happy
food that's a rough subtle packing now
before I dive into this the third thing
that makes me happy look at my mama's
shirt can you lean up Olivia show you
boobs are so much in the shot no no no
no lead up bi yeah cuz you're my mom
it's kind of weird you know she found me
closet full of maverick merch and
woman's maverick merch is now Alex she's
a woman so you got it again that I'm
representing Oh a beautiful fabric you
like it right color yeah but most of all
I can do anything in the world
yo that's what it like it doesn't be a
man
that's what it's all about open
Savannah's merch is now out of all I got
/ sharp with your bio my bio in me
description anyways look these a foot
back first meal of the dam so ready your
food gets me so energized for you guys
my mom that's my mom just move out door
lay back in the crib Oh guess who's here
my name is Jeff why'd it take you so
long to remember your name are you drugs
are you on drugs help me help you
what do you need for me bro I can help
you me help help me help Deb wait one
second where you going right now
where's you going I'm going off to the
screening of airplane model movie
airplane mode okay you go do you think
hey let me know how it is when you get
back I already know it's fire but I just
want to know what she thinks
now what do you need you need to tell
the low gang yeah to get help me help
you charting a nitro already done bro
bro description again oh yeah
hi guys while we wait for my mom's get
back I am gonna take a nap I feel like
I've just been having long days I got a
little Kong here to give me comfort
enjoy the best okay no no do you want
how'd you get my house lazy bum know I'm
not lazy stop
I'm not how could I wake up I wasn't
even asleep cuz you woke me up stop stop
how did you get in my house why are you
in my house conk what are you attacking
his butts in my face bro any poops
everywhere what do you want I just want
you to shoot another master for us
I can't hear you Zack speak up once
you're suited of mash up for us bro
please play - yeah yeah under one
condition you finish this up
back to the ratchet streets of Hollywood
Boulevard as I forgot this a very
inappropriate part in airplane mode with
my mom maybe naked yeah she's naked and
she just went to go see a screening of
it and I don't know she remembered oh
god it's gonna sell oh my god this you
know I didn't even plan this
hi MA hi how are you it's the boys stay
away from her Jim mom I gotta know what
you think I was speechless
well you liked it it's changing the game
up yes Jeannie how was the comedy the
comedies hilarious yeah I was your part
my part was funny too we came back up to
my apartment this is one of the benefits
of living here oh my gosh there's
beautiful woman across the way no guys I
can't do this Emma does this make me a
creeper oh my god do the creek into the
creek they want you I can make that
happen
Tom gets girls I'm just saying like deal
with this beautiful girls every weekend
okay I'm gonna try not to get distracted
bring over my dad and my dad well okay
good yeah boy looking good with the
cameras over here yeah also what why did
you change what's what you know what
don't move we got the merch closet let's
sell this looks good yeah give me a bit
put that on I don't know why you change
do you want to be a maverick or do you
want to be a stripe black and white
thing oh come Dickie that's what Jesus
ah much better
okay guys I want to do this thing I love
both my parents after all they had sex
and my mom birth me so now this is
awkward so I wanted to do this thing I
want to see who knows me better like do
you know me better do you know who's the
better parent who's the better some you
Jake me but who's the better parent I'm
clearly the better parent oh she might
know you buddy think so wait does that
mean you didn't pay attention to my
childhood which would make you the worst
parent I was busy coaching you to become
a successful football player oh but I'm
not a football player I am
a vlogger actor entertainer singer
produce that was my job wait who bought
the first camera oh he did they then let
the ward for good okay this is the who
loves your son more content I'm gonna
ask you guys some questions if you think
you know the answer just go ahead shot
it out a lot okay okay shiny head did I
know I love you we'll start with
something easy what's my middle name yo
what the fuck
I think it's River yes it's rip do what
the river yeah no that's not my middle
name I'm upset I'm about to cry
no we named a river diddly I'm about to
cry no that's not my middle name
okay that's what it was gonna be oh yeah
what's your next question can we come
back what I think you're joking sorry
okay guys I'm back I had an episode next
question how big is the metal plate my
head what metal plate gosh yes Jake his
plane is hell yeah no prob melody images
bush yeah they both suck and parents
both I was nothing no am i adopted well
this smile the reason we brought her in
you know this am i adopted this well we
know how to double-team don't oh who is
my first crush in elementary school
Beth oh that was my ice bath does my
high school girlfriend Suzie know I
didn't know what Suzy
wait I just what I wanna be when I grew
up like me oh I think he wanted to be
please screaming already sure my line
what speak words on your own truck shop
though if you wanted to play soccer
No
why aren't you answering my questions
oh yeah like did you like are you guys
in cahoots like did you get divorced in
the first place
alright did you get like remarried and
you were like your first at first for a
child I'm just gonna bring this vlog is
that way I work maybe we're never
married maybe you were up you know what
I like about it I'm gonna turn the
tables here they're out here being
Mavericks and I do my little game fuck
it
try if I hate it but it's gotta know
everybody how many times have I smashed
this week probably zero damn it she's
ready
obviously what's the best part about
girls in my opinion in your feet hit
their earlobes when they're walking out
the door that's my boy my boy
he got one she's a good like Center does
like that ass that is nothing cuz he
like that you don't teach you some that
Xbox Kinect X whatever Bulger why did
dad beat my ass when I was growing up
good daddy chairs UPA would you who's
better
me or Jake yes what yeah there's no
question everything
so he said no your you don't agree are
deflecting is what they call you're
deflecting
we love Paul fucking Jake but who do you
love more yes
deflecting Tom DeSanto why did you guys
get divorced and ruin my childhood we
wanted to make you like miserable
yeah you did a good job we wanted you to
be unsuccessful like be walking the
streets unclear of your whole being and
just be a follower and that's what did
you download help me help you on iTunes
yeah yeah now she do oh all right that's
all I got I hope you guys enjoy that
I try to hate the phrase kind of not
funny for me but I hope you guys liked
it yeah but that's it for this comes
down with this game but I'm done with it
row if anybody else wants to know
anything just contact either one of us
will tell you what every logan paul
vlogs know i'm gonna cut all these out
bro keep logging at Logan Paul alright
I'm cutting all our bro no before I sign
off let me just point out my assistant
is full Asian that's right guys that's
my assistant speaking Chinese your boy
is taking over the world fund ever what
a creeper we knew him he's like me early
to room y'all are digging help me help
you this music video had exceeded any
expectations I said like a blow game I
love you good oh and don't forget about
the contest we're having we're gonna fly
one of you guys out to hang out with us
all you have to do is follow me on
Twitter at love and Paul and follow the
why don't we buzz and swear at why don't
we music and do the music video a thumbs
up link is in the description also more
importantly I wanted to chart on the
iTunes chart as I've said a hundred
times today so go down to the song but
link for that is also in the description
links in the description box I guys I'm
hype he know me high and tomorrow is my
first day of valley girl bro
don't forget to subscribe I love y'all
okay I was using my su bit
you said I have the same here is calling
I think you have the same as contacted
before that I say there is you are you
have to sing
