after that I started inching forward and
I saw a car that truck I saw hand come
out of the truck and waving forward and
so I went forward and then he came out
with the gun
hey yo good morning low gang what Papa
God you guys know this is Blake use the
winner of the contest ahead with the
white don't we voices or something
different music video our director we
had to follow me on Instagram and how to
follow the white over at its crib
oh if you notice there I plugged like
three things at once I guess you could
say I was always a plug in case I got
the teacher Tuesday March is always plug
because it is important to always well
you can't underscore creo that's what
I'm saying I mean if we're doing it
we're doing by the time you watch this
vlog to help me help you music videos
coming out tomorrow and Logan we gonna
get that to the top of the chart you
guys are eating up the March like
literally this is crazy here's a picture
of all the merch being shipped out for
the last week that's a lot things
basically there's a lot of good things
going on right now including oh we have
you butter leg oh you got to see why
it's yellow in a music video comes up
all you gotta know is it's popping good
morning huh what he's right down here
somewhere car hey buddy hot puppy good
morning to you my guys are definitely
bonding is definitely some bonding going
down not a hundred percent friendship
but it's gonna happen I think I'm gonna
build a purse that I can attach to call
and so Mavericks can literally ride call
me cuz you over them the internet
attempted bonding session number one
then more attempted bonding session
number two methyl-p I know I see it you
see maverick though that's what I want
you to see the problem is maverick is
timid which is weird to me you guys know
maverick he's an aggressive bird but why
is he afraid to come I've seen him
attack big dog guys we are a team we all
have to work together
okay look at notice a good nose going
slowly but surely maverick I will train
you and you buddy you've got to stop
being so aggressive shall we are but to
keep the date so
big judgment above it what we do first
like I'll sit notice bro you got long
arms please yo yes those long arms you
two little doggy he's like look at my
arms yo real talk though I want to
measure those at one point a day one
time to come your arms three times
longer we got to do something bonded
guys in my house is an absolute wreck
right now like literally I'm so stressed
but we got the maze coming we bout to
click the box you do it bro
the major comes real oh you're right bro
hey so we cleaned up the space but I'm
not gonna lie we kind of just relocated
everything oh no bro we can't even get
out of my house I'll get it later
anyways let's talk about this Oh Tommy
was a ICU row row hi guys I literally
bought 800 feet of rope in these two
boxes problem is I saw this pillar bro
and I'm like yo how cool would be if we
wrap the rope around it 800 feet worth I
did the calculations let's do this yeah
wait what about me bro I'm just gonna
ignore the fact that Jeff ignored me so
much bro guy but I'm a row connoisseur
but I've never had this much wrong okay
like what is the most important part
runs with crunch to solid foundation
right solace conduct exactly though we
have to make sure the Rope sticks to the
bottom of this because I got this
heavy-duty glue here I'm gonna be honest
I've never done this in my life I don't
know if it's gonna work so here we go is
how many notice I'm doing this rainbow
the talk is wack factor she think about
unscrewing that's clearly not because
you're doing it right now Jeff I'm not
an adult okay this is why I have you in
my life if you look down the bone go
I'm seething what's this Oh like it oh
look at that look at that kid this is me
exalting and making stuff out of my life
hey Jeff do me a favor grab a paper
towel girl I need a baby without a
staffer it's here but can you stop for a
second please Oh Jeff it's too late no
I'm sorry Jeff this is the worst time to
tell me something how do you know this
could be removed
I can't I don't know that you don't own
this place booking this is true this is
why I have you in my life bro to make
sure I don't make dumb decisions like
this well then stop well you're a little
too late oh no we come on y'all no no
that's not why I can't stop you and I
just stop I wouldn't want to do that
bottom of yourself yeah I lost function
of my hand Jeff I could stop I would go
Jeff if I could stop I would I literally
don't know what did happen I blacked out
Jeff dr. second I'm looking at what
you're doing now and realizing had I not
even been here it would be already done
and that will be even worse
we are four layers in we realize this is
harsh ah it's all tangled up and it's
ropey guys did learn for months so we're
gonna keep going because you're married
to the tool we have made no progress the
tangle is so bad guys I'm sweating my
face off this is bad to do this but I
don't know why did you say something
good we have to cross this road and
here's the thing is nice is not strong
enough to do this
it'll look all frayed and almost we have
made some progress yo you know what I
like what you what you know how to work
hard bro seriously so important damn it
looks good guys we only have a little
bit more to go back to the nightmare
road but I'm so glad admit it's worth it
bro Oh
like this is amazing Oh guys my figures
are killing me we're almost nothing my
boy we have hit the tangles
does it suck true why lie bro like what
you doin cut while we are struggling
here you guys know I drink a lot of
water my boy really hooked it up wrong I
told him to bring as many waters as he
could I thought he's gonna bring like a
casual like two or three my boys we are
set for life feel like today is just a
day of mass quantities things like we
just have a lot of everything bro
especially heart and soul yeah oh God
legit I have never felt this type of
satisfaction that's when that one girl
did that one thing it has goffy and it
looks so good right now you guys know
what else looks good hey Dad can I pick
your oh my god she's off the floor we
got 411 a lot yo wait wait a second so
tisha Tuesday was yesterday anyway Oh
yo people always plug but wait a second
Oh below is blue wait let me set you
down okay I don't want to but to show
off the hoodie hey look you look
delicious I just I want to put you on a
for me eat you okay well I'm about to do
the ultimate plug right now like legit
guys this is this is big I don't know if
it's the right
time to do it but a lazier I'm going to
do follow me Ava I like being a prank
right I'm doing it it's like a white nap
oh no what your father my pedals okay
all right guys you're low gang does not
even know about you guys okay look no
matter stop go yo no I know I didn't yo
guys look this is maverick marchand
kishore tuesdays per year we got the
always plug section because always plug
like I'm doing we got the locating
section we got the tanks we got the
teaser get the hoodies get the maverick
love executive go good what no no no
this no no not people died you didn't do
that guys you did not see that I just
woke up to be slow no you didn't hear
you're for Levin foot girl got it no so
get out get it now you're not the real
reason I'm in here the real plug the
real draw a live look in that corner no
down boy I literally wasn't planning to
do yeah yeah yeah I mean look it's not
it's now for you but I'm dropping
woman's never murder right now she will
be coming around the mountain video you
got the stuff you got that good good yo
its father way right question question
we could do like a little like modeling
thing look could you be my model it by
my actions
you
hi mark we're here last night look over
your right shoulder
oh yeah bro feel it bro yeah bro it's
lit right you guys this yeah bro Thank
You confessional Bell yeah well you
might say I'm a professional brother did
he well yeah I don't really fuckin can I
tell you something I need one of these
shirts I've got you one yeah always plug
dude I tell you ii l can tell you
somethin else you love me look down bro
maverick merged with log in the
beautiful maverick mode for females
anyways dude not the first yeah bro I
just did it I was I wasn't playing at it
but like I'm feeling it and and we
modeled it and now we're out here bro I
guess what guys follow me at Mark Toner
always close yo see ya wait yo yo wait
is it just a tailor wardrobe at Mila was
your friend I am no underscore yo know
what you to him song what's your
Instagram I'll just tell you is that
Kong to savage you got half a million
followers in seven days it's pretty
impressive the tone of the vlog is about
to change like drastically this man
Blake bkr has a very very interesting
story like I know I'm gonna get
emotional hearing it and blow gang this
guy's a legend he seriously has an
incredible story to tell and I wanted to
share with you guys I feel like this is
a life treat that I have him here so sit
back relax and get ready to be floored
by this guy's story
cock release what is this is this is
like okay I love comedy anyways guys I'm
still here they were doing this show you
is like sixty minutes to hearing you
lean in this way like we're all right
next to each other like our knees are
almost touching because we want to make
this dramatic but okay are serious yo
literally not even honest honest but you
have been held hostage lives less it's
almost coming up on a year actually at
all yo he hasn't been a year no it's
coming up on in they're being held
hostage is not like a thing that happens
ever to anyone that's like being struck
by lightning I was a giant want to buy a
lottery ticket to the answer I'm not
gonna like as none of that happening to
someone for so drastically out there and
then it happened to me kind of look at
it than any good thing that I here's
what I want to do here's why I'm a tree
grow to me this is a miracle I cannot
believe you are in my house right now
protection like you shouldn't leave here
bro
so tell me what happened
so basically I just in 21 kind of so I
did was I had put surgery this is like
my six foot surgery at the time and I
couldn't do anything really and I live
in Aspen Colorado at least right now so
I decided hey I can't do anything with
like this Lake app on my foot I'm gonna
go drive up to somewhere beautiful one
shoot photos you know fire yourself
myself just try to create I'm just
trying to create themself exactly and
this place is out of cell service now
notice that kind of adventurous type
yeah we try to be yeah exactly nom there
was this popular campground or place to
shoot my heard for the lake and all that
I never been to so I pull up to the
bridge to get to this place off the main
road there and I saw a fair warning
signs and all this I was like oh maybe
if I go past these signs whatever if I
stay in the car a bear can't kill me you
know but legit nasa least of my worries
obviously I come up on this truck facing
one way and this other car there
basically parallel and I saw just two
chains or guys with their hands on top
of their head and I get like yeah like
that the two guys yeah standing like
that yeah I thought you guys staying
like this exactly after that I started
inching forward and I saw a car
the truck I saw hand come out of the
truck and waving forward and so I went
forward and then he came out with the
gun we weren't that far like maybe fifty
feet away from each other or something
I thought maybe okay maybe I have a few
grand worth of camera equipment in my
car I have you know I have my wallet
it's not filled with long showers good
job so just I wasn't robbed me like like
okay so the first of the first for me I
can get through this but no it wasn't
that at all he had no intention of
robbing he had no intention of robbing
me at all his intentions for some way
there to kill me this guy who you don't
even know he doesn't even know you
wanted to end your life yeah he was dead
whatsoever I pull up people's economy is
to chance eventually get away so how'd
they get away their distractors our he
was yeah so there was another car
pulling up so he started pointing a gun
at them and then I kind of got the hint
at their plug in a run and if I had the
opportunity I am 100% when I took the
chance to run but your foot is broken
yeah and it wasn't it wasn't there so
when they ran that was kind of like it
for me I was like you know those the
only opportunity I had there's no little
service here there's no one here this
guy clearly wants to kill someone today
like this is maybe this is his way to
you're the only one left I'm the only
one left with a broken foot with the
parsley what's going through your mind
that I didn't get to do what I want to
do with the end of my life that my
family I could say by them I think it
basically live the life I want to live
bro
and I just 100% wasn't ready to die when
you're in that kind of situation it's
hard to really put into words and you
think your life flashes ahead of you and
all that like they do in the movies and
all that men
let me also do it done that's not empty
but that's what I'm saying
you guys this does not happen in real
life like this like it's a miracle grow
like in people either AR ready for it B
or don't think it'll never happen but
this this happened to you and it's
possible man and it's the craziest
people don't understand and the closest
they will ever understand that happening
god forbid that never happens to anyone
you know or you but you are a living
walking miracle bro and this this
feeling and this energy people are never
going to experience at some point to
conquer them
and they try to negotiate with them and
I was kind of a middle man with a
yelling in distance yeah I'm like you
know this not at this point at least if
he shoots me at least they can take him
out and prevent him from hurting someone
else yeah but at the same time I wasn't
ready to give up yeah I was never that
kind of guy so I started reading him and
I started like analyzing his movements
seemed aspired whatnot this guy's crazy
he's also willing to die and wanting to
die and the cops offered him what he
will here's a square million dollars
he's asking for all this stuff what I
got from him was he doesn't want that he
like was there to give us all that day
how did you end up escaping from ours
you hear my run-down apartment right now
at that moment I had regretted so much I
knew I wasn't happy even only at 21
years old you've been at 21 years old I
knew there's so much more I want to do
that's so much regret
how much needed from in my lifetime it's
like something came over me
where I wasn't going to die on the
elephant a lesson is dad taken which I
hadn't do something about it at one
point she open the rear driver's side
door and it kind of sat a little bit
into it and I saw him getting paranoid
and looking around like checking her
snipers and stuff like that at one
moment still this close on each other
he backed up and looked away towards the
street and it almost led it was like and
so I kind of like ducked behind the
truck man right there and just waiting
for Bulls to fly and I just heard
screaming and yelling and swearing all
this stuff and I knew I had run up this
dirt road and make it to the cops and so
I just started why was a friend I'm kind
of like no hopping probably Canada when
I got to the cops
everyone at the top of that road and saw
him get escorted a car out I didn't
believe I was there I still thought that
should have been BEC a collection of
Mandela
I thought why why you why should that
ever happen to anybody
why you I believed it happened to me
because I have this one and the in the
world to inspire and change people's
life kind of like how your can change
people's life with maverick and I always
want to do something like that so then I
started my own thing out of it that's BK
oh yeah this is EQ or this app for and
for big kids rule I can't liberalize
being ourselves and do what you want to
do I truly believe it's like being a
maverick that you can accomplish
anything you want life and you'll go
down whatever that day comes I believe
you have a smile you're not leaving
we're something
you have lived it and can verify it to
the greatest degree that this is how you
need to live got one lessons can
floating rock in the middle of space go
one life I maverick goody
I listen I understand me giving this do
use a salute this is like not like
evening a hold it up bro you're just
always blog because I want you to have
this because I'm honored that you can
like like you are the epitome of what it
means to be a maverick to be a big kid
and like I I need you to have that you
don't it everywhere but it happen
those deep dude that was deep so what's
your channel broke on the logging once
this is my channel simple if you want to
do it is B K are blogs B logn
youtube.com slash BK are vlogs and I'm
basting it's going to be doing what you
just heard I'm going to be living my
life and just trying to bring all it to
the next level just like being a
maverick baby and I go I got the link is
in the description bit of a different
vlog today but I felt like it was
important tomorrow we are hanging out
with the why don't we boys we're going
to don't mess around and do some fun
stuff then help me help you comes up the
next day so I guys take on future logo
Blake here I forgot to mention it's kind
of a big deal woman's maverick March is
now available the link is in the
description so yeah anyways pesto can
take it away if you love you lo gang for
life don't forget to subscribe if you're
not subscribed and I will see you
tomorrow
second if you spam
let's you big
Hey
