hello good morning okay so I don't
really need to be whispering right now
but it is 331 in the more I said all the
time I've said it before most people who
don't know this blog but I'm gonna take
it a step further and say most people
don't know this Hollywood Life ya Pro
going to valley girl right now my movie
I'm currently doing and the cost time
was for I am dude for I am sick how you
doing bro how's the dog good morning I
know it's early buddy I know that's my
boy girl good ol ear looking in the
morning so I'm actually the last scene
that the shooting they've been shooting
all night it's just like it's so early
so I'll go in I'll shoot my scene will
finish probably pretty quickly and then
ya come back here and live the night
last guy okay I have arrived at base
camp guys everything is so eerie you're
just so dark and quiet you got one
security guard oh my god but where's my
trailer bro where's Mickey Turner broke
hooks are knitted like 4:00 in the
morning and this is my out straight-up
prom outfit bro I'm going to prom at
4:30 a.m. sure why hello Mickey
I can't good are you awake no have you
been here all night I am what's that
like on your life sucks
it's all I haven't sucked big balls man
that's good definitely imagine okay guys
we're on our way to set off you look in
the back thing I am the only one here
I'm the only actor here right now but at
least I have you guys right
and what okay oh you look pro look at
all these car there's my baby how you
doing baby okay walking up stairs a soui
working with you I feel like I'm in a
zoo right damn son Mik you've got money
because this place is poppin oh my god
literally this place feels like a jungle
to me so much space and this amazing
pool we got palm trees everywhere we got
this giant crane that's how this is a
mansion like yo there's only one thing
to say and that's sake oh I forgot we
sent production pictures of me when I
was a little kid oh my god there's just
a shrine of me dude what a little Josh
Brolin look at these I was playing with
balloons look at the haircut well my
parents thinking I actually don't know
who that is that's not me clearly I have
much more swag twelve seconds later and
we have finished for the morning and
Mickey was around for like an hour this
morning Mick you can go away it's like
7:00 in the morning right now guys I
only got like due to three hours of
sleep I got an audition at noon and then
a big director's meeting a 1/3 so I'm
going to lay down for a little bit with
my boy I love it oh god it took me a
month I was been set and then I'll see
you guys in a little wait a sec I forgot
to say I just realized this little guide
are you eating my armpit Brooke okay not
cool he just hit a million followers on
Instagram you're famous Kong you made it
buddy
yeah a little party or something for you
okay we're gonna figure that out later I
was your doctor I will just be my nipple
Oh God okay I'll see you guys a little
bit we have to leave okay I got a vision
good morning hi maverick I have an
audition you know how it is actor life
and stuff I'm gonna go now
okay no I have to I'll talk to you later
okay buddy no I feel fine give me a kiss
no guys this audition is in Santa Monica
it's like an hour away so I convinced a
little drive me
oh did I get it again no he lived is
he's an athlete this is my dog right
here his name is calm no one is it
because he has like I don't know like a
million followers on Instagram real a
sort of thing is that song it is i/o
board mission abort mission
never dummy like straight up oh this is
funny this is a really good time look
alias so tiny she has to just keep like
moving towards there well a are you a
dummy bro you were gonna get killed for
your actions one day you are a tiny dog
big dog will kill you and she literally
she's still going guys this is rejected
hope you really really - yo I know why
don't we don't we can drop so why don't
we just uh well I don't know why you're
a loyal dog I don't think you're capable
of driving and dancing so let's focus
and go the driving part
yeah I guess you're right keep going
after audition warm our now brown cow
our now brown town that was a the cutest
giggle ever be are you having sex since
it sounded like a giggle sex okay okay
thank you
cause of you I don't have sex so get
back to the war my red leather yellow
leather red leather yellow leather
okay guys I'm going to my audition thank
you for the ride Ayla wait actually
while I'm in here can you blog for a
little bit it's like vlog for a little
bit yeah blog about my life okay go I am
I'll be back in a sec hi guys so today
okay that's enough of that
sorry Ella sorry yeah this is my vlog
channel local pop laws like subscribe be
able to do that but today's not that day
okay so check this out guys I got a
giant sticker of the Maverick logo say
well I stepped around to look like this
this logos so sexy I repperton the merch
you guys wrap it on the merge by the way
we were dropping a bunch of new stuff
this Friday yeah thanks for the
enthusiasm in don't save your money you
get ready to convince your parents to
let you buy this stuff because it is lit
in this level maximum anyways here's
what's happening now go go go go ahead
yep oh I literally could've made that's
one thing we are going to put this over
here by the doorway right here on the
floor Eila Cleveland area yes exactly
but not a pretty little 4 foot 11 girls
when people walk in my house I want them
to look down on the ground be like damn
I'm a maverick son I'm ready to kick the
date at good oh that's what she said you
should start from that in and take that
up and I suffered from this hand
position so we're not like okay but nope
you don't listen you just never listen
never know
I embodied the memory
no not no you're right Kayla don't mess
up I'm not messing up I am I am though
you are a little bit oh man it's so hard
you can barely even notice yep yep this
is bad okay okay you know what scare
just kiss me buddy-buddy plus one you
put bubbles in it you want to talk about
the bubbles or you want to I want a
bubble wrap I was a huge flip that you
made in the face of your birds I
definitely don't want to talk about that
I ripped it you can barely tell there
you go Ayla that-a-girl
you're - here - that one you can
definitely tell her well seconds later
while look at the layer I'm actually
stunned it's just dope you guys made it
look like I didn't stop it I'm mama be
calling your mom we're collapsing your
mama says that we're saying you don't
make youtube videos you don't you like
you don't know the concern what you're
suggesting he literally won't let you
throw away this bag of chapstick I love
justice if you don't let me through get
away you know why cuz there's different
flavors and one day I'm gonna put them
on the mouth and kiss Ayla now I'll have
to guess the flavor - really like if you
want to make it a low with different
flavors chapstick we also got a thin
layer of glass so we're gonna put over
so this doesn't get messy good Wow
you like a mask you don't walk in and
you're just like duh
bro I how do you feel I like that even
feel like I'm walking into a maverick
pallor yeah
are you doing bro yo you reacting to the
second verse bro I don't want to do it
I've done it too much doesn't bro I
don't want to do this I don't want to do
this I've done this way too much but it
gets them views cuts but I'm gonna react
okay guys I've done this way too much
it's making me a comfortable literally I
feel in my crotch is boiling
what so I could do this long to hit on
the big points Oh
poppin off so glad he closed the laptop
he told the lots of you know it's gonna
get your Matic are not crying don't cry
Tapia it is that's why I didn't release
it just so everyone knows like I've
already dressed it to status for the
internet on but let's keep watching
I haven't been like you that close to
crying in years
wow what what I got over that thing and
human being that just worthless I think
he's talking about the female that was
in my video what what much I should get
over some of my parts helped you get
over a relationship baby the good day
bro yo this is why the second verse was
made this up to you to God speaking to
me I made it so my brother could finally
get over his ice I proceeded to just can
you getting better
I watched the rest of the video and it's
safe to say the second verses
yeah it's got Ronnie wait yo cog you
just hit a million followers on
Instagram right oh you literally talk
about Maori place disgusting come your
gun your shots bro your especially with
a puppy phone you're the fastest and
most popping dog on the internet right
now at home to savage ladies and
gentlemen in our view getting 1 million
followers on Instagram I will show you a
copy party bro I'm talking doggy hose
broke my board goes smash I'm talking a
giant cake ah balloons doggy could you
please stop ruining our phalanges that's
called word for finger it could be sold
bro you me so happy I'm mixing Club
right now oh and milk Ong savages yellow
lit okay
he's kind of sleeping right there I
don't want him to see these surprises
yet so we should like we should put them
somewhere super secret oh yeah I don't
think he sees yeah I just like little
forewarning I know you're like putting a
chair in front of it but he's like he's
literally looking directly right here
yeah I think use everything yo good news
guys I got people coming up like this is
an official party we got doggie hos
gonna be Bob by the way I feel like this
is a good time to say yo we as usual for
the past like week the channels popping
up my ears itching the channel poppin
y'all hello gang is sharper than ever we
gaining like a hundred K new members of
the family every day so if you are new
here or you just watching and you have
it subscribed yet when I did subscribe
to run the squad did wheel it room
anyways time to set these up
you bought cupcake holders and you put
bones and them yeah I think this is the
move I think we maybe do this but also
tie these bones to the strength I'm just
gonna work real classic Milk Bone did
you just try to think thanking shits -
it doesn't work
goddamn it look look look oh ah oh no
you're exploding it's like yo here
father
literally the perfect balance like this
balloon is on the ground and it's done
in the air
we are defined
rapid Ebro nothing it sobbing we we're
on the table what can it
Chester challenge sorry we're on a
different topic you know I'm trying to
kiss you and you're trying to like me
will do okay I just want to take this
time to say one thing often people came
over and yeah this is like everyone's
vlogging are you kidding me right now
we got Amanda Cerny vlogging with Kong
hates her as we know I bought Johannes
is logging he's the one with the bald
head you can see right there and then
Katya where she worries I'm gonna find
it this year look at that block in for
me god this is ridiculous book oh man
that don't first off my dog doesn't like
you suck up that's not going to help
you're literally ruining the ceremony I
would have a whole ritual but you can't
just do it for so oh my god Kong is the
only man to have ever rejected Amanda
Cerny yes yeah oh oh we got no dog easy
being in that song or humping what I'm
gonna do
Oh business oh yeah dr. Kevin that's
impressive Axl get it gone off oh my
don't worry yo Kong's going for that
smash I know you hear that Kong get it
calling that's why I brought her here
come on Kong get that smashing we're all
recording horn oh this is really bad
YouTube Wow yeah just keep doing that my
dog I've never met you but you're sure
stuff then Wow average might have a
little bit of competition in the bling
so what Gogh conk don't give up I'm sure
you can still do this oh god yeah he's
not as funny as you but now it's not for
the cake the big cake the 1 million
cause I know that's the human food I'm
sorry oh that's my bad
- give me a huge but I'm a good dad
don't worry
cousin tectonic using yes I'm a proud
dad like this I've never had a son reach
a million bollocks an asshole dumb yep
okay you will be at a million close just
a low gang you to hit you up on
Instagram a battered parrot and you'll
be there long is going to hit me don't
look at this guy love was making it dead
oh yeah I mean like okay mom the cake is
bigger than consolation eat all of it
but it's the million party should we
just let him be
I mean like you what about your bag
anything you're just gonna throw up
we'll just have a little hangover
tomorrow Oh exactly he doesn't even stop
doesn't even care one day maverick I
promise you we had an awesome party you
can you're the og bro can we love you
don't you say nobody wants to do a
handsome G doesn't want to do it against
their brother say no he's barely all
through the hands take home all the
barrel over there you got it you got it
average is just like you're what the
fuck's going on oh no he's making a mess
with himself yo he's gonna poop
everywhere he's gonna have to clean that
up I really don't want you know I'm very
like we have to stop pimping yeah okay
mama
okay look I don't want to be that guy
but I think it is time to strip Kong
away from the sugar yeah okay mom Oh
what come on you can't use my own joke
against me I was that was pretty cool I
decided be more fun we're seconds later
what did you just do bro I thought it
would be fun to play with how she got yo
he's learning how to stand look at this
okay you got a call get it get it get it
oh my gosh oh this is working
holy cow
you just invented a training tactic kick
off that boy good dog you got it okay go
buddy you're tars data boy hallo gang
the vlog is almost over but I brought
over some special guests to give Kong a
final congratulations headed boy you are
that's my boy
now that is the block okay guys I am
actually going to set right now buddy I
started today obviously really early
going to set and now I'm going to get
late at night if you are not subscribed
again a why bro just hit the button join
the long game because we are live the
whole situation with my brother and I
obviously still like a thing but it is
so interesting because that round guy
can't blow those big lines yeah the
whole thing with my brother and I is
definitely thing I'm glad the second
verse has been destroyed I hope I would
I hope it is I hope it is destroyed I
hope there's no traces of like hackers
or so I don't know - really like sailor
kissing video-assisted I do not forget
get your Mavericks or plan to get your
maverick merch this Friday new job
coming hottest march in the game plus
guys we are matters okay we are the ones
that change the world with that said you
know I love you and I will see y'all
tomorrow ticket
here's a question here's a question you
don't have a but oh you girls just just
stop talking just have a camera in their
face okay Wow
