okay bro this rabbit straight-up went in
the hole I wonder how deep these go I
wonder if I could stick my camera down
there guys what is this good morning
okay what Bob we're comin I could keep
that of the tongue room oh we're still
here car still here hi baby up up good
lovey yo look at this talented little
guy hey good doggie called you wait did
I just say doggy gone good dog like
Donkey Kong
doggy coz my bow but you know when you
dab someone up but he missed and it's
like super awkward kind of just happened
with me and Kong he I went to pet him
and you to watch familiar faces but it
don't matter cuz we don't get awkward
right buddy
we out here on the streets of Denver
going to get some breakfast look who
came to visit in Denver as matter to dad
hey yo yo what's your name bro my name
is Jeff yeah my name come no you need
job yes why don't you never met Kahn we
think music cutis right over you up now
on to come but Jeff videos a dumb idea
for me to get a dog bro no soak you
kidding making waves on the Internet
yeah you're right you're right you're
right you've been with maverick you've
been feeding maverick how did you feel
about young kong dougie the savage Rob
we're gonna take a little no it's just
Memphis it's definitely good no maverick
I know you watch my vlogs do not work
long as your friend not your enemy okay
look at this little guy
we got some food Jeff do you know what
today is bro that's a long day what
national hug day is it national hug day
I was going to say that oh there's the
last day Oh Logan yeah that's what I was
going to say yo last day guy what's your
favorite episode alligator alligator I
wrestled okay so here's what Jeff said
it's national hug day these guys are
giving free hugs I'm gonna go get one
dude oh I want a hug
hi oh wow it is so cool I'm Logan
alright bye I was awkward Oh guys we got
Cong a bone Gong we got you both look at
this guys little guy now we're on our
way to Saturday and we're here as we are
at the soundstages for Top Chef as you
know this episode of Logan Paul versus
looking ball versus Top Chef yes like
the show I get to cook some probably
very horrible meals and have them judge
I can't go first
hello ladies and gentlemen welcome to
the last day yeah we also better get to
the entire crew since the last day oh
but wait for it but wait for it hey you
guys notice how it's nonchalantly give
the entire crew maverick shirt
hell yeah guys don't forget to be a
maverick looking ball versus season two
that's all I gotta say about that is
always slug baby like oh snap is this
the next t-shirt to show my god so much
space I'm talking damn samba where's the
food eel and where's the kitchen oh wait
a bit II don't know oh this is descent
oh hi Betty oh nice and we are at top
 hyung I promised you I would give
you the craziest life but and look
around puppey you are on the set of Top
Chef
so obviously this set is amazing I'm
just excited to cook the worst meal
that's probably ever been made here
watch out for the Sharks
you know we dumb advice but I probably
need that advice yeah you right watch
off the knife I demand to use this no no
yo yo I'm gonna do a quick pan down
watch this epicness ALP where's the
season to let go jokes aside look at
these nice poems like rag asses hey
folks exactly sharp no they make your
own alcohol here Amanda Bruin a Oshana
get wasted what a second you guys have
the same beard the same beaut yo this is
why Mac is my best hope who are you
doing buddy my what no you're selling
poems for $1 I'll take 20 get the work
yo I'm not even can I Drive me 20 points
hit him with it 120 poems coming up
writer's block
Amy you have writer's block you got 20
to go what have you been written bro
focus dude you got one line down no
chance this guy gives me 20 poem manager
Jeff is watching a cut of help me help
you right now
hey what you trying to do that's it
that's it don't forget guys the music
video for that is dropping the 18th and
the song is coming out on iTunes and
Spotify on the night of the 18th
so like midnight-ish I want to get this
baby to chart bro help me help you Logan
Paul featuring why don't we music tip
number one spamming what are you doing
oh don't mind me Jeff I'm just
highlighting lives for my movie valley
girl that I start shooting pretty much
right when I get back yo this is the
script I'm literally highlighting my
line
you can't sort of service wrong
what can I say about you know you're my
manager MGM is moving
MGM the line that goes like this big
feature film the Expedia feature film
with a lot of hit songs and it's an is
it a musical what is the point now it is
it is a musical value like totally a
music not I guess it is a musical also
the remakes from 1983 of the very
popular movie valley girl starring Nick
Cage yo it's gonna be lit how you poison
actor son guys are in my chef outfit I'm
about to go cook but the cutest thing is
happening right now calling is a tired
papi man going to savage it is almost
time to shoot some the lot of person on
this set son oh yeah baby best meal ever
so can complicated you so me try that
how you jacket I'm Jesus the lamb ok um
cut myself that yeah yeah but it's okay
it'll be funny for the show hopefully I
don't believe in to the proven oh no I
can't show your hands like that like
YouTube will flag my confidence I bet
you guys I had furniture delivered at my
house this guy's six to Logan this guy's
16 he doesn't look at he does not look
happy guys I have so much furniture I
got one day to move it before they throw
it out and there's the problem
I'm not home I'm in Colorado so give me
gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme
gimme usual 20 Paul whoa yeah we got a
recent I don't I don't know if the
public can handle these guys this is
poem number 16 that there is my boy and
her who's that chick right there
together
we smashed I love it rough I love it
that's 20 bucks bet on the whole life
bro apparently there's prairie dog that
wheezing will make me feel weird you're
weird
come here guys barely just prairie dogs
out here like that little thing I like
here I can use
that's a prairie dog Oh what the is
a Bunning come here I have a dog that
looks like you come on I'm coming for
you I'm gonna come back guys where the
prairie dogs make sense oh my god I see
your water fuel this prairie dog you
look like meerkat let me get a zoom Hill
were they at though oh my god okay guys
look at him is that a squirrel or these
prairie dick why is the rabbit in the
prairie dog hole we got to stop this guy
dude he's invasive species okay bro this
rabbit straight-up went in the hole I
wonder how deep these go I wonder if I
could stick my camera down there guys
what do you see whoa gang do you see an
animal do you see a prairie dog did you
guys see anything
I tried bro without trying to hurt the
prairie dogs mom we're waiting for lunch
right now and Mac is going to read his
poems to the crew this is great Mac I
love you got Kong in the middle who we
started sleeping first I'm gonna leave
you guys be here we go Mac Sweeney's
ghost soldiers don't give yourselves to
brutes men who despise you enslave you
who regiment your line shut up no one
cares about your robot fan fiction I
think you see guys no one really gives
this fun fact in Hollywood they call
lunch the first meal of the day when
you're shooting so although it's like
dinner times like a p.m. but technically
this is one string cool fact right now
you don't care I see
I'm just finishing holiday season it
does about to go rapper just get it out
one day that is an official rapid Logan
Paul berry
I like that pose well and oh god my
voice correct rogue added it for the
vlog camera potato easy seat down when
season 2 of Logan Paul versus comes out
I promise you you guys gonna freaking
love it like dude it's a girl and it's
hilarious
we got help me help you coming out we
got the song na we designer coming out
with you live it's a big thing we got
the valley girl the movie these things
for big masters ding and also do not
forget my whole crew is reppin it today
guys go out there and be a maverick and
by that I mean lead the pack you know
whenever one goes right we go left we're
unique guys were different maverick
we're Mavericks baby Mavericks change
the world
give me Alec Sarge thank you should just
be pumped up so yeah get your average
merch link is in the description look
Paul's icon / shine that is different of
vlogs like it subscribes you are not
subscribed already and I will see y'all
tomorrow
take these van
yeah we also do we also yo we also hate
girl yeah we also yeah we also we also
can you come here we are here we also do
we also
