hey good morning low gang what do I
scare you when I do that are you okay
like in your okay when I get too long so
hi buddy good morning to you Kong this
app is going hard we out here it didn't
feel good this morning bro like also uh
I don't know look at the city oh my
goodness we have city we have mountain
of city today token purses still in my
child dance i'ma get dressed now I'm
bored there's indepence he walks himself
you don't need no man that's right
little fluff keep on walking never stop
next I encourage all you ladies out
there to find your beauty from within
you don't need a manager independent
beautiful creatures no one else - my dog
come come here come come here talk of it
come on buddy come on there we go that's
boy hop on in there we go oh my god guys
look at all the food it don't stop
time-lapse now
isn't that ADEs and gentlemen it is the
breakfast of champions
aka yo bloody that's so embarrassing bro
it's not embarrassing yeah let me just
copy I'll know where your bad friend
there's still coffee and you blog it you
know what an embarrassment to society
that guy is cool I got a gift for you is
car one day love you know Mac don't tell
him that bro
I told him that all of yesterday he got
you got you gotta hop in you got to take
this chance
oh okay god I'm really not gonna focus
no go I look at you have the opening go
no I told you guys this morning I feel
great I think it's a mountain air bro
come on yeah you know I need a haircut
to actually wait no they told me I
couldn't cut my hair for valley girl cuz
they're gonna do some cool like eighties
hairstyle for me okay yeah you boy go
look things we have arrived at the
location here in Boulder Colorado a
little fun fact
I love Boulder and then I talked about
the stones and talked about the location
with you we've been waiting right yeah
bro we've been here when I drove to Los
Angeles when we were 18 years old he was
in the passenger seat maverick the
parrot was in the back it was a
three-day trip and we stopped in Boulder
Colorado remember the French toast who
knew the cafe called snoozer but listen
the point is this place is absolutely
magical Kong now I'm here with you my
new pet maverick if you watch my vlog I
am coming home soon don't worry this is
the last episode baby we got a British
short
we're shooting inside this restaurant
Hey look at this place bro fancy
schmancy brother we just aren't sure if
Kong is a lot of in these are buddies
inside right now
Oh yo supreme I broke yo so this is the
other side of the rest of high panayo I
see you smile it brings this way see I'm
talking good vibes so I'm looking to go
who da kept telling me love credit card
release I don't give up what I was
saying was they got fur on the seat
Jesus bro maximum comfort
I got a try I got to give it a go here
we go low gang I'm sitting down in the
first seat
oh my god yeah this is good to be king
I'm just gonna tell you this episode is
Logan Paul versus chatter your boys
gonna learn how to kiss but what better
way to show this place off than a cool
montage
hit me hit me with some knowledge this
is a chef by the way Eric is the skin
man you're telling what's happening we
just harvested all this stuff I'm
starting to unpack it and they're
ladybug wait what wait what
when you say harvested here we harvest
it for my farm watch so this is
oppressors as I get minutes minutes
minutes old yo this is ladybugs on it no
way make it pretty now we have to take
all the ladybugs down and get it back
out to the park yo ladybugs are sign of
good luck they are my army eric tarr me
bro what do you know about that nothing
haven't you heard of the load okay so
guys I'm looking for the ladybugs right
now but just the scent of this is so
fresh it's your farm by the way oh my
god this man is alleged Isis a ladybug
look it's a colorado ladyboy loves his
amazing eyes also do you think male
ladybugs are pissed that they're called
ladybugs the whole lot I'm just saying
bro I'm just asking question we out here
shooting the episode your boys us yep
Eric and I are about to make the most
heated meal ever I'm talking greens on
greens and greens cuz what are those
what are those weeks leeks
there's a leek in the boat ah tubular
tubular totally tubular dude guys
everything here is so mesmerizing look
at this slow-motion montage go
I always go to bismillah oh my God look
at this meal guys in the salad better
yeah bet it don't steal my food you son
of AB a do we - good luck stuff guys we
got pork leek ah some other state
appointees it do you watch this episode
you're gonna celebrate guarantees like
this
ah anyways it's a casual day in Boulder
is every day this guy folding himself in
half you know what I was is happening
bro yeah
this lunch is so ratchet compared to
what ie bro and for that I'm sorry
I was is legal what are you doing bro
what you doing bro easy easy I got a
long young Gogi here yeah I don't know
about this bow I don't know if I trust
you broke thank God I don't have to get
my permit for you joke's on you I'm a
fire inspector here's my badge yeah I
told you bro
yo before this guy burns my face off I
see something across the way check this
out yo this guy's wearing a maverick he
sure he has no idea I'm here who is JIT
he's wearing a maverick t-shirt I'm
gonna go surprise him bro oh my shirt
blue yo that was dope
anyways look King Kong the savage prawn
meets another dog this is really
anti-climatic I'm not gonna let someone
do something like start making out or
humping each other something sniffing
but there we go yeah cause sniff his
butt right whoa whoa whoa easy calm down
boy this is why he's going to seven high
low gang we are moving to the next
location which is actually the farm that
chef Eric was talking about earlier it
is this farm but you look at the views
I'm out your arm up second beautiful
roll doesn't even look like Colorado
anymore hit the biker at the bikers ten
points each you can head to Nora no oh
we are here at the farm look I should
adopt southern accent to come here
anyways this is all his plans and
attracter grown and then Bennett I was
play with Kong just now and I think some
stuff went down bandit why is your shirt
so dirty shake your call good doggie
the dirtier you can get Bennett the
better be legit ruin my shirt gonna pay
for it yeah I do that bro hey a chef be
a farmer what is my man doing right now
ready for Dennis do it I love it bro
this is beautiful though they wash the
lettuce leaves in here and then they
transfer me look how fresh this is guy
this is the secret right here oh oh oh
my grop
so this is a technological advancement
allowing you to wash the lettuce leaves
all right life is amazing but thank you
do meringue shot no oh my God look at
this big oh these are huge thank you
piggy piggy piggy piggy piggy and after
I told him I wrestled an alligator he's
giving me permission to try to wrestle
okay cool
all right guys here I go this giant pig
I'm gonna wrestle oh come back oh we're
a big I challenge you to a wrestling
match hi come on Pig let's do this
yeah I don't run away don't be scared
come on this challenge you ready Matt
you look like a picture funny I was
ready what's your deal bro what it was
going on I'm just trying to have a
conversation
Yoko come on stop ignoring me bro whole
Internet's gonna see this stop I'll talk
to your friends what up your friend are
you dying you can tell me I'll go get
help
yeah that sounds are you dying anyways
goodbye oh Jesus movie Christmas maybe
do you wanna wrestle
you want to wrestle oh it's okay I'm not
going to wrestle you guys you guys are
all very nice oh you're good okay he's
not dying
I'll see you big later thanks for the
fun look at the fields guys the endless
fields of green I said it a thousand
times but legit it does not get fresher
than this unless you're talking about my
clothes I'm looking at one right now
we're going on the tractor tractor
oh I've been on a tractor Dwight years
ago what's it wait a second I've ever
been on the tracker I mean it's been
like years problem I see here is that
there's one see yo Eric don't blame you
like that bro seconds later I am now
doing my own voiceover so I didn't
realize that he may actually just get on
the tractor chatter John is big whatever
man I got a dope dog I guess we were
back at the first location as part of
this episode I'm a server they're
letting me serve real people yeah I'm
going to mess this up but the good news
is just going to be fondant unit first
thing you do when we get to people I
literally have no idea how to do
anything okay
I'm loading I'll see you guys in a
little bit oh sorry did I wake you up
healthy I'm the I'm sorry I'm so uh guys
he was sleeping and it was so cute
I've never had a real job in my life
like ever and being a waiters hard rule
I've messed up so many orders like
people hated me the episode is going to
be hilarious and shops to all the
waiters out there like I appreciate you
guys seriously is it a bloodbath
Harrison Lou gangsters out there a few
it's going down I gotta say what after
my Boulder look hang stirs also what
your Instagram which are interested turn
at Logan Paul make sure you follow that
thing about it Joe are you good ready
Paul he let you
motto is lit are you doing letting luck
okay okay you know I love you Colorado
you guys are crazy
we're apps for the day oh my God look at
the Sun yo this place is freaking
gorgeous and okay no gang that is it for
the vlog yeah thank you guys for
watching you almost kill young Kong
today okay we all know my man's a savage
you can survivors also guys I did
withhold a little information this
episode of Logan Paul vs. is not
actually looking for versus chef Logan
Paul vs. Top Chef like the show yeah bar
are we out here come oh I'm fine
oh god don't worry about me anyways do
not forget go out there today be a
maverick like that kid we magic on it
okay I love you I will see you tomorrow
did I make it oh yeah definitely that I
think is that Empire
Hey
