yo there's wolves up ahead was up ahead
guys oh he's looking a call oh god y'all
did the caucuses lunch oh my god
don't be picking fight
hey good morning no games and you hey hi
hello
you got me calling oh good we're just
hanging out with chillin okay yeah I
need a shower we're going to Denver's
today here we go oh oh yeah feeling good
my hair is fluffy oh ooh I got the
backpack I got the suitcase like I'm a
little puppy there you know it's your
first flight con you ready buddy what
you guys don't look now but it's bad
except there's these bars in a way what
how do we get to bend I know I have a
point over to do uh yeah come on no
wrong one
there you go good doggies no morning bed
yeah yeah oh he's on he's on so while I
was totally worth it he did it again
what you do bro come on Kong around the
chair no back through the bars
yeah we did it guys I came back in
because I decided I want food but yo I
can I can do this what you gotta bet it
that's my bar oh oh speaking of this my
place from above look like I'm sorry I
always plug Sun no I don't even know
what it is I just Kong suggested it
there we go
so go guys as a responsible dog owner
Kong I can't give you anybody I'm sorry
Canty human zoo buddy your dock forever
I'm taking young Kong for a walk before
we go to the airport he's lovely
one minute Stokes look at it go this is
it's worth walk evidence my money little
chicken nugget we got to go leave the
boy alone unless you two look extra are
you looking stir okay cool come on
little chicken nugget let's go like a
popcorn chicken he's not quite a nugget
is he's a pie like that Ryan smart dude
he's a popcorn chicken he hasn't made it
to chicken nugget just yet say goodbye
to the great city of New Orleans young
bogey you come a little closer but still
keep your distance one day all of this
could be on yo I just realized I make a
lot of promises to this dog I'm gonna be
pissed if I don't give him a hard way go
in the cage puppy go on the case good
dog good doggies come on get that booty
in there but look buddy I made a hole
for you okay look around Kong you see
this airport one day all of this could
be yours
yo my boys gonna be pissed when I don't
give him an airport okay let's do this
thing
oh this is ridiculous hey guys it's your
first Airport buddy how you feel come
what are your first thoughts my boy here
let's see how much you weigh here we go
well you're 105 pounds man that's crazy
I'm not gonna lie I was stepping on it
Kong you got a girlfriend
Joe he doesn't want come homie because
he's mine you know I'm sorry about you
know I yeah I'm aware just to my dog
that's the only thing anybody's to look
around oh these people are here to make
sure you're not a terrorist
okay guys he's like kinda stressed out
right now until now I not heard him bark
once and he's kind of barking right here
so you hear that uh no he's good now I
had to bring him out of this cage are we
okay I kind of getting used to the crate
look at you Kong you the king of the
world never mind buddy we gotta get you
back in your cage oh he's a cutie huh
legit might have to change his name to
lady killer like this is ridiculous oh
you got public she got pose girl got
some plugs she up huh I got a dog peanut
uh come on young-hee
it's okay it's okay I'll see you gonna
do right there where you going
Denver what are you you can't you gotta
get in your cage no no I'm gonna take
him out later what confirmed he is not a
terrorist
you guys who really doesn't like this
cage is this typical of little dogs I
thought they're like they like feeling
in clothes
guys I need dog help I don't want to
make my dog say hey puppy hey bubby it's
gonna be okay I promise I'm gonna get
you out soon guys we made it on the
plane Kong has calm down no puppy you're
okay you're okay baby hi I know he would
become I can stay with copy that nothing
makes you more sad than seeing your
child Stan which is why I'm happy that
he's finally warming up to the idea of
flying you know speaking of flying
Maastricht impairments on everyone's
asking me uh how does maverick feel calm
if he does hate them are they friends
queen manager Jeff is back home taking
care of math and he got a little Intel
for me I know God now you've got to be
nice to him whoa yeah so maverick is not
happy you don't worry about a conk you
guys are going to be friends one day
anyway so played in the props bake-off
we made it this far buddy you got this
let's anything crazy happens like it
turns out my dog is a terrorist and
blows up the plane I'll see you then
guys we did it have fun buddy okay no
that was pretty good buddy you were
being a little bit conformed on the
watch yo better I don't want to make
this weird grow but we got this little
dog and we're just two guys people
probably think we're dating room
Who am I
we might call Oh
welcome to Denver Bunny how you feel
yeah the world is yours young Doogie you
could be anywhere you want Oh classic
dog and a fire hydrant good choice buddy
let's see how much you actually wait my
boys three and a half pounds let's go
through that patch pr70 catch that's my
boy going to the bathroom heck yeah bro
that's my boy going to the bathroom
others got snapchat him going to the
bathroom
heck yeah bro if someone posted me go to
the bathroom online I'll be pissed but
Kong loves because he's
Hey don't let go
jazak places to old buildings guys and
look this road work ahead is amazing
guys they said I wasn't gonna be able to
do it they said I was too busy but guess
who's the best dog owner in the world
yet another walk for me and young pup I
got to make sure my boy is fit for
Altima smash one day Kong all of this
will be all my boys gonna be pissing on
don't give him the city of Denver Kong
has never done these circle doors before
company come on buddy it's okay come on
God come on
go tell room life is poppin the guy I'm
a blog robbing actor entertaining
musician Chancellor when I trouble you
guys know this it makes it very hard to
give y'all entertaining you know I
mean how many times can you use this oh
god for clickbait I don't know I might I
might even have to do it today the place
I don't even know this blog isn't about
any it is my life which is fine but
typically there's like a theme or
something I don't know that like I might
even call this vlog like this vlog is
about nothing I will say this episode
that we're shooting here in Denver is
the last episode of Logan Paul versus
and then I'm going back to LA I know I
know it's been for her life is gonna get
sort of back to normal ish I don't know
because I'm starting at that big movie
valley girl but also a little update
helped me help you push the release date
I think it's going to be the 19 so you
have mark your challenge for the 19th
because it's gonna be poppin but I
digress anyway so a buddy of mine
actually lived in Denver you guys know I
think you know you should know them if
you watch my vlogs you should know kinda
lost my cool there for a second anyways
you have me and car and going to visit
him right now getting you a lot of
exercise you ain't gonna be a chubby
little puppy you gonna be a fill no
puppy goes match on a puppy girls yeah
 never gone downstairs oh yeah
aptly blue you guys in back we go back
yo yo you want to see something sure
he's inside my shirt I mean it enzyme my
shirt yeah I reached inside my belly bro
okay we'll get a little piece and then
okay
oh look at him oh he loves me he does he
loves everybody
oh yeah good to see you Mack I'm just
out here with my new puppy good morning
little game was pop all but the vlogs
and was over unless you find some
exactly to get into bro let's go yo are
we going to one of these like a date I'm
going on a date with my boy dogs allowed
heck yeah bro gone you're gonna live a
crazy life man he has no idea you know
Denver's toe what's it like living here
sometimes it's cold
hey sometimes it's warm I would say
that's a true thing gosh oh god Kong
you're all right Matt you all right
logging your eye I'm good look around
young Donkey Kong one day all of this
could be up I'm not saying that anymore
I can't give you any of this Kong but I
can't give you my last I with ended up
we are let's go feel the wind in your
hair comb the hair that is oddly similar
to mine yo there's wolves Omaha's on the
head guys oh he's looking at all
oh god y'all get the caucuses lon oh
don't be picking fights no this will
make sure to send y'all how I feel talk
son the wolf is howling Kong is barking
that's why he's a savage there's an
obvious it's not the size of the dog in
the fight
it decides when to fight on and other
dog has you man where they actually will
get those are wolves yellow young
like it okay where you just said that
dog is 100% wolf wouldn't that just make
you mohawk not really blue Mac mine bro
he's deep don't forget right now yo Mac
before we split up bro I need I want to
do something can you hold this camera
thanks Ronnie hold on I need your
pointing here thank you Paul
yeah bro Denver no you should grab the
bull by the horns
yo that's what I do in life hell yeah I
think I'm gonna sign off here bro yeah
low gang I found out what I'm gonna call
this vlog some about bo reunited okay oh
hi woke up puffy oh you're seriously
leaving I I by Mac I will see you guys
tomorrow the vlog will get more exciting
it's travel days like I said a complaint
good play good play looking I freaking
love you you like we out here in thank
you guys you like the video seriously
means the world and I'm gonna do the
sign up I think it is
no don't touch it doll inside
