oh my god good morning low guy what's up
yeah okay so first off hide you all to
Jake Pollard's is well good morning guys
welcome to the low gay and I probably
had a couple watching move to me maybe
it's because they saw the roasts and
they were like yo I don't know why I'm
in jate bother I'm gonna go to the low
gang now well maybe they're like yo I
want though B to explain himself
whatever hi today is the day that the
diss track against my brother goes live
and it's actually not lying yet but I
woke up to find this first want to
apologize to my brother heard the diss
track I in no way meant to like hurt his
feelings so yeah Jake owned up to his
mistakes and he made an apology video
which I think was the right thing to do
however unfortunately like we'd already
shot the music video you already got
your chance to talk to Pitt and I have
not yet unfortunately jakey that's not
how it works bro and I know my parents
they were here last night this is what
the issue as I was talking about in
yesterday's as well they heard this song
and they found out what was in it and
they told him they texted him but the
night before and said yo like this is
what Logan's planning to drive so he was
able to record a new part of his vlog
this morning and be like I'm sorry I'm
the victim of the situation everyone's
please forgive that I said those things
well I I forget Jake and the LA gang
didn't forget no no gang ish like bro
insult me please don't assault my family
and please don't get into my personal
life in my personal business stuff bro
that's where you messed up you don't
mess with the Logan I said it's a lyric
in the song don't the Logan anyways hop
in the shower and get the day started
okay twelve seconds later still doing my
own voiceovers okay you guys I am so mad
like all right so the apology video is
really really getting to me like I said
Jake's whole thing like he punched me in
the face with a district write up things
a low gang son and then before I even
have a chance to get up and hit back
that I'm sorry I love on the ground in
realizing that happens I still get up
and I
- in the faith back but the issue is
that my diss track which I don't even
know if it's out yet at this point like
because I'm debating to put it out I go
so hard because I felt insulted and
publicly humiliated I have not gotten to
get that creative lyrically in my
forever my whole life I've never had
that much fun writing song lyric because
it was real it hurt my feelings so I
don't know what I'm going to do guys
like this is like I'm more pissed I
think now that I was when I watched the
actual Rose video of us you may have
even seen all this information already
in yesterday's vlog this is what today's
vlog is going to be dealing with because
the first half like fuck them up in the
middle fuck them up and then the end is
like yo that's a wrap I go back to Ohio
can't just take an action and not expect
a repercussion Loghain that's advice for
you you guys too like there are going to
be repercussions for your actions
so think think before you do stuff I
think that's where my age comes in and
22 Jake's 20 and he doesn't use you
think now like um this is rough hey good
morning though guys how you do go - yo I
almost ran to a pole yeah you're gonna
eat some breakfast with my boy got to
walk back because when I walk this way
the wind blows the hell out my face
honestly I was walking backwards because
when I walk forward the wind blows my
hair up and it reveals my receding
hairline oh my gosh you guys know when
you're hungry and you see all your food
and you're just like yeah yeah guys
you've already seen the roast video by
now maybe you haven't you'll watch it
link in description give it a thumbs up
think I found a creative way to and
he'll ruffle some feathers and stick up
for our family like this is what I've
been dealing with the whole morning just
like figuring out like how to maneuver
this an entertainment life bro I very
real guys also this is Jake this is his
apology video I'm gonna go ahead and
give it a thumbs down
sorry bro it's just like now that I went
easy on you have to release my
frustration elsewhere so I'm good just
like all your videos but but before I do
that right here baby let's do it
today I saw you screaming of their row
it's the boys bro y'all with the Lambros
sure bro with the Maverick socks rhodium
matching socks the smoke arch is real
link in description you know them yeah
what's the deal bros your deal bro are
you a Jake polygon here probably I have
a question for you guys what do you
think of the beef between me and my
brother today's video today and he was
saying sorry to it I know I like how you
said us because they're in the low game
I am releasing a diss track today so you
guys be on the lookout for it I don't
know about the Jake Palmer over here
like I don't know what's going on with
that kid's gonna be yellow
oh god oh why you do that
oh no yeah oh yeah it's a rough day man
a lot of stuff going on I got to do some
damage control now but I'm gonna leave
all right okay what I'm gonna get what
yeah I'm going hiking with a boy father
makes him look this much adult guys I
love nature with them I just sounded
like that's a tree hugger I love nature
no I just feel like this is gonna be
good spot to come and clear my brain a
little bit overlap maybe meet a girl
right maybe smash a little bit yeah what
and smash know what I mean I'm not look
guys a bunch of campers everyone's
camping are you guys happy yeah would
you say you're happy campers we should
go I got it
hey guys they think I think that like
this couldn't tell but they got it so we
parked we're waiting for a friend right
now she's an Indian girl she's nice and
so I got a text from a guy like I barely
know this guy he said yo I think my
friend saw you drive by his campsite
happy camper from Nikita guys this is an
Indian girl are you Indian right yes
okay good on our history thank you I see
you met Kong that's my boy right there
you know else is my boy no this place is
looking great just like you
you okay there's a delayed response
ofili does a forest complement am i ugly
oh no dogs not allowed on park trail we
got a disguise calling is a little line
okay I think he's good so are your dog
have to leave oh no that's not a lie I
just ignore the fact that I'm filming
children swimming but like look at the
joy in the fun dude I really want to do
this I have towels in my car maybe
before we leave let's jump in it's gonna
be cold even I'm a hot fuck this I'm
gonna be honest with both of you I've
known Mac for some time now he's in his
element he's done only I can guide is
hot my nipples are out right now but I
get a little tan little sexy apparently
there's another watering hole somewhere
Oh sick I found it wow this one isn't as
cool as the last one in fact it kind of
sucks God without we can go that way
okay yeah that way kicking absorbing the
Segway hey how you doing buddy I can
tell when he's struggling cuz his tongue
hangs out a little more than usual I
mean that's a tongue right there for
sure you know this is so cute we have
skin cute listen drinking water wasting
a water rash why are you treating this
like a life-or-death situation where we
must food we know guys stop we chillin
bro he's cute and foster having some
issues with Kongo he's not much of a
hiker so we put him in my backpack sure
that's not bull dinners come dougie so
we're hiking up this mountain here's a
little not so fun fact about me the
bridge of my nose gets sweaty really
quickly whenever I wear sunglasses don't
sweat it just slides down like that wow
I got enough pretty fun over there it's
like a valley Canyon Valley Canyon you
can see it yeah the water you know is
there Wi-Fi not interested your Canyon
Valley Mart Oh Mac I take back what I
say I'm still interested bro I don't
need Wi-Fi that bad where the heck are
we oh we are looking tell me bro we're
out here fact am I wrong and saying that
something is a party down there of
course right here
hey legit it sounds like there's a party
going on down there call me Dora cuz I'm
going exploring boy I think this is the
way down yeah this is definitely the way
that what you think Kong do we take the
lead but look at those people over there
they're holding and hollering down there
oh this must be the second watering hole
party
in my pants hello people got your pass
nothing we went that way we should have
gone that way
cooking of delve into segue Dan dude it
is like a party over there yo what
definitely people cheering I think this
is the way I don't know if it's safe but
I'm gonna do we're all in a line here
and down this steep ass Hill you got a
guys how you doing Kentucky good how you
doing never good y'all you made a little
progress my toes I care any boy who
almost progress is being made guys look
we came from up there now we're here and
it's still a fact that we out here I
feel like I'm in the middle of the
jungle right now this is crazy
holy Sh yo this is so Joe you got it
Brandi that's believe in yourself
watching the key to try to be athletic
is the funniest thing of my life this is
what me now you got I didn't get in that
camera I'm a baller I definitely got it
again please don't fall in please don't
fall in you're dead okay time for the
chance on American Ninja Warrior baby
Logan Paul versus season two that's
coming out soon by the way guys I'm
watching some cuts of the episode
hilarious but damn bro having long legs
is awesome I came here to party yeah it
looks like it with that drone on your
back ladies love drugs that's a fact you
have a drone yeah I do like it subscribe
guys we were almost at the party oh oh
this is a little treasure trove yeah
this is literally in the middle of
nowhere we've been hiking for the 45
minutes damn bro picnic table logs
Brendan Mac taking pictures on a camera
from 2001 1980 1980 really yeah this is
crazy really wait technology evolved
yeah we've been out here but these
people are out here man you guys
probably noticed by now but the Maverick
merch backpack wait what keep it on the
DL coming soon coffees escaping you got
it buddy
one day I'll just give me yours hold on
hold on the dark lot on the trail I know
that's not a little line what that wise
out here let's see this why's there
chicken here here Brendan is the area I
jump off the top
yeah oh yeah bro yeah bro risk your life
for free entertainment anything for the
low game right that's my part
Jake Babu so there's our guy he's up at
the top there and I mean while I've
gotten closer to the chicken is that
your chicken is that your chicken is
there chicken I want to pet it Michigan
chameleon oh my god this is the nicest
chicken I've ever met I kick it with
chickens every Sunday book club bro I
chicken I'm sure I'll be eating your
McDonald's one day oh gosh - fuck you -
bro yeah you got it yo homies a full
savage yeah Oh loud dance that's my boy
yo nutjob room did it hurt when you fell
from heaven
eggs weird now alright got our feet we
don't know where they've been calm I'm
so sorry
he's just a savage that's all your dog
has a foot fetish I know I just like it
daddy I'm going swimming are you going
swimming why is he so depressed all the
time you know are you good okay we're
climbing up in the rocks are you feeling
yeah it's a little little sketchy get it
Mac he's my hero secretly Josh guess the
kind of secret anymore I will say doing
this with only one hand makes it very
hard I hate that is big by the way wait
this is dumb when I gotta jump to this
rock who knows what's down there
got a couple savages out there got that
kid haha this day GUI Nikita yeah you
solved it woman raucous and powerful
woman yeah are you
Wow they always feels so good damn bro
this water is like it's not that cold
they will say I stopped sweating from
the bridge of my nose get it boy oh oh
snap you're gonna swimming another not
the fun fact about me guys swimming it
did suck yeah it'd be worse than this
guy shut up here you stand away how long
have you guys been here
Oh flowers er would you say at this
point you're out here I'm not hearing
anybody do it bro that's my boy dog your
heat level is high my boy whoa oh god I
suppose you can help are you standing on
something bro fuck it so talking what
you don't know maybe the water the wall
right this is hard bro vlogging climate
swimming I got this you level hot I got
this look I know we did oh hi mark
oh hi Marlo my goodness look at all this
beauty alright are you out here what a
nice pond beau reading that if you're
out here
logan jumped in and he dropped his GoPro
and now they're looking for it you're my
boy Logan and them are out there
swimming right now and Kong is just
making new friends killing the ladies
falling asleep anywhere come be nice to
the Chicanos not your brand you have to
be nice oh come on bro he's just a
chicken come on Kong leave the chicken
alone fairly college is like taking I
wonder if the chicken doesn't like a
little line I did not know we were going
swimming and thus have no towels not
going next time this Wow well how did
you find it
just kidding bury the rock in the middle
the spot Joseph Brennan is doing a drone
shot right now like I'm flying through
Jurassic Park no literally this is
amazing look at this bro it's hard to
see but actually what did I just roll it
go Mac how did you get up there it
doesn't even make sense
damn you look like a star oh wait a
second the drones right there let's cut
to some Joan Mac footage okay we are now
out in the middle of the open this is
weird like I don't know how we got here
but once again beautiful ends of the
fairing yet it looks like you're right
bro I don't know how we got here but we
go to that tree that tree looks amazing
just no one responds go guys I'll just
go up myself perfect just as I had
suspected this is a dog tree okay so
there's a lizard right there obviously a
smartly searched because it came to the
dope tree I'm gonna try to catch it
whoa wait what this is awkward because I
think I caught his tail and it's still
twitching in my hand I don't know about
this I feel awkward and uncomfortable
and the tail is still twitching in my
face anyways guys I just released a
roaster half a million views 30 minutes
70,000 comments yeah okay we're strong
we are really strong Genki you you know
how I feel I already said it a thousand
times but just don't crash bro what are
you guys doing take a picture but he
won't cooperate he loves you too much
Brendan I call oh hi you wanna come to
Daddy
listen Kong is only one way to become
famous on Instagram and that's if you
cooperate buddy
oh my God he's so cute hold everybody
you were my favorite model Kong team
looks like we've reached a fork in the
road oh we must do just go straight
that's what I was gonna do you stole my
joke he's a maverick let's go back in
the car yo my purple plum plays
depression food plot and era Brad got
washed yesterday is lookin good low gay
guy can you tell me where we're going
cuz I'm really excited about go say it
go yeah damn it you meant to say ah
hibachi restaurant I liked a man you
said we were going to hibachi place this
is not a hibachi place no you can't fool
me I'm smarter than that young padawan
this is not a hibachi place this is just
a Chinese thing that makes you race it
on another neck yah yah what are you
guys though because the disturbers in
the low game
what this will be the second meal that
we vlog together Mac today eating
together it's been an honor fortune
cookie classic what's your fortune and
what will be in a high voice nothing
with any appreciation of art and music
because we just dad does it really say
that go away what your that's crazy no
editing at all especially don't think it
fits the theme of the day soon you will
be sitting on top of the world whoever
made these forces must be alligators no
was it our service hey the moment we've
all been waiting for
it's the title it's the thumbnail it's
the hook my boys are about to react to
the second birth yeah both growing you
left me on a cliffhanger with ELISA
finally getting out of your way
are you assuming it's ELISA violet I
never play tennis
what do you think about that comment
about mark knowing a list of I'll go
back I need to predict date this is the
best league bake tomorrow mark she's
gonna be lost my girl got a hand so
quickly why I wonder it's gonna be got a
new girlfriend yeah and then Johanna
dude and I'm gonna be no one besides a
small fruit we had working on the video
no not yet Knight knows about the second
verse you don't know what's in it -
haven't seen the music video for and you
guys saw like we shot like four five
hours a night and I gotta show my boys
and we're gonna get the reaction hashtag
the second verse second half of my diss
track against my brother Jim my boys are
about to listen to it no one's heard
this the reason I didn't put it out was
literally because it goes too hard and I
decided to be the bigger person but I'm
a showman boys and get their reaction
I'm gonna try to play these all at the
same time their phones are lined up and
ready to go one two three no I'll take
it I'll take okay so they're listening
to the first time or yeah okay so
they're listening to the forever alloys
damnit but they're listening to the
first half of the song right now not
100% synched up on the phone so mark
might react like a half a second quicker
than George baby girl has a
cinematographer seeing this video on
color corrected no no no no God oh the
second verse the second bring the Bible
over there I got to get the demons out
of you could grow honest to god honest
to god I got a few in a room is that
valid do something you can't take back
well I was watching make sure I go
already went too far i watch that you're
so fast getting works well anyways thank
you guys for watching I'm still bad if
they don't get to experience or we just
gotta go maybe maybe you guys convinced
me enough people comment happen or in
comments below maybe I'm undoing a
million come yeah I love being man
coming you're not a little dang make
sure to subscribe cuz relate as you can
see that we'll see you guys tomorrow
because you see every good I got stop
arresting Jake Jake I love you but I
would see you guys tomorrow
take it easy man please certain
signatures
you tell me to do a burden you go get I
didn't do it adolescence under the Ghana
