how are you what no I can't I can't give
my dog but I can't give you my phone
number
oh good morning okay what well it's a
good day boys and girls and anything in
between do you know why do you know what
today is any wouldn't know it's just a
bra at me oh hey I want you buddy
you doing okay you shook it up sex on a
fricking Papa before I was interrupted
by mr. QT pants over here I'm saying
it's not just any regular day it's
Tuesday guys do you know what that means
I'm log easy for the next week savage
gear will be available I'm looking Paul
back outside Jonathan is gone so get
while you can't get what iron's hot
no it's time for me to be a father oh my
gosh let's go outside little guy feelin
bro let's do this here you go dog be
free Oh God be free go P he's definitely
gonna get eaten by something he is so
small my dog you can't run away
otherwise you'll die and it's pot to pee
go pee buddy
go potty come on please are you going
bro my man listen I've been being
patient okay I'm gonna make a dog beam
how does one make a dog team we're going
come back we're doing a little Joe doll
you leave that man alone we're very
noble guys look look look he's
definitely doing something you can tell
cuz it looks like a little balled up
hamster yep yep he's definitely doing
something what's he doing yep oh he just
pull oh the boy good boy a good doggy
pooping in the grass I see I Joe I know
what I'm doing wrong are we already
doing this I see you with this sock I
saw you bring it over dog that's crazy
okay this is human sock can be doing
that bro so let's talk about what's
going down today we're driving to New
Orleans New Orleans Louisiana the next
episode of Logan ball versus I am
wrestling an alligator what the po-boy
dude and worst comes to worst I'm
thinking I just feed you to the
alligators what you think quick first
whoa hey I want to get a workout in so I
put my sex tank
I know I'm telling it started we doing
my man you can get off your all guys
ever has been don't salute witness movie
a little valley girl and the traveling
everything is just like my swollen so
God might be the world's greatest
distraction your this is never gonna
kill me I know that was good to not
shower back at New Orleans let's go it's
time to feel love before we hit the road
talking egg smell template this the
breakfast of champions cut let me get
your seat buddy oh I'm sorry
you're a dog I can't give you human food
you're not supposed to do that ran a dog
can eat human food listen I like you and
I respect you and I want you to live I'm
not going to poison you with our
bullshit son of a bitch I broke here go
eat it take it
damn it do I don't understand you name
is what do you what do you want about
the best part about this dog is it
brings out Venice good side and it's
family fat you still nice I just wanna
pet look see I'm not rebelling in the
flowers yeah he's so cute
he makes anyone better look you you're
already good looking now you super six
better brothers dog gonna get you all
the girls Jimmy ticket snapchat your
favorite we on around again a we on the
road again welcome to the Logan puddle
vs curl Oh doggy you sure got to get you
a name what would you call yourself call
Zeus King come out hey rep dark-eyed
your mom look the point is we got
options guys yo we have legit me driving
for two minutes as noted in the time
card bro what did you do
no don't bro Managua deep on the spot
this is my boy that's deleted my whole
email you guys know what the worst part
about road trips are I can't blog which
you guys I'm starting to think that
purchasing this little guy was not the
best idea but then again I make some
decisions that's me that's Logan Palmer
but also I'm peeing with no hands I know
that's too far okay sorry but that's
something a savage person would do a
come on doggy your little your little
hamster can look at this guy you can
barely make it to the ground no I think
I just discovered something young Joe
kilos does that feel good young Dobby
watch watch watch
he just stays there guys are you dead
Hey hello Yolo Jay he might be dead
hello oh okay
because I know what oh no oh there's a
dog on the back of this truck we're
going at least 60 miles an hour right
now whoa this is the riders dog Asner
someone's gotta talk to this dog Thomas
not safe I'll do it got a dog on the
back of your truck this is dog in the
band I'll tell you why folks life is a
maze one day that's gonna be you young
cookie okay we have arrived somewhere in
New Orleans we bout to get some fuckin
free hangers however I don't have a
leash for this lo guy toms can use this
aux cord and make a mixture of leash
here we go young Doogie oh okay look at
Lily let's do this jump this way oh this
doesn't work at all oh damn it I bet it
can you help me bro my Oxley's didn't
work you're a terrible parent you're a
terrible parent
come to uncle Bennett guys Bennett's
right I am a terrible parent how did I
think this was going to work a mini
table diamond good father
no no no no he's not the father he's not
the father
on the father yeah you put him can i pat
your head sure I think it's good luck
thanks for Bennett it's fun though right
okay we stopped in a restaurant I think
this little guy is thirsty there we go
young doggy it's time for you to feet
feet on the walk there you go he'll he
loves it guys being a father sometimes
you got to get creative
it's develop ask your dog look he's good
how are you flying from New Orleans and
everyone I don't know she loved it yeah
I love it bro he's dope traffic people
obviously helped out care of it how
she's meant to take care everybody at
home I'll buy a leash that's not me out
of an aux cord
posted up at the hotel my boy oh come on
you'll give me a beer in my ear my shot
you're in my show
I don't think dogs are allowed miss
hotels I got smuggle my boy okay I just
might not work well let's see you see oh
he must been you know who's gonna work
this gonna work I don't know about this
bro oh my gosh yeah yeah I know there's
gonna work rough it's all gonna back
back I do a puppy you could kill them
back there this is a life of a vlogger
this is the life you chose I guess I
really do not want to get coffee
cambogia have to put your hand here just
for a little bit
there we go he knows the drill we go go
little tug
we're entering the hotel yeah we got a
big team look at this ha damn bro we got
a lot of people young suggs
some might say ha ha here we go here is
always working on energetic where's the
guy exactly oh my god we did it guys
super secret come on puppies minutes we
made it oh come on come on buddy really
hope he comes come on
yeah it's doggy look guys he's already
trained basically dudes what do you need
a leash maybe I can get you that here we
go you go first no come on you go first
whatever first yo look at this place
young puppy how is it the hotel this is
amazing you guys young Dobby is loving
it Oh God yeah we are apparently very
happy with the stay in New Orleans we
may have fun next two days wrestling
these alligators except you can you
can't do it cuz they'll eat you little
bubby I want you to yo you can bounce a
long time wait wait this is you won't
have a talent yo whoa oh oh yo my Dogma
be assured you could I think we are now
gonna go explore a little bit and get
this little guy Alicia let's get
cruising down the street with my boy
you're killing it boss
Oh God on camera no I really need to get
my boy a leash man this is he gets heavy
what's so funny hold him while I answer
my phone I got a phone call tell me on
stage on Peter no no he won't pee on you
I have no idea we're gonna be in there
or not what's up corporate bush you guys
know how it is the more I walk around
with this dog I realized laurels loved
this dog this dog is the key to ultimate
smack I couldn't make the supper I calls
them as their season is how it is like
when I'm in LA all my smashing can be
attributed to the MS of my Instagram
followers and that's pretty much it here
they don't give up they just want this
little puppy Exhibit A hi how are you
thank you pick your puppy oh sure sure
you know this puppy stealing my fortune
yeah what no I can't I can't give you my
dog but I can't give you my phone number
is this the straight butter bourbon
harvested the dick out apparently this
is like the place in New Orleans
copyright I can't believe music wish you
luck copyright it's time for me to bond
with my Young's oh you bet it please
please please wait to get me this way is
it on no young Doug you one day honor
this could be our Exhibit B like my dog
he's cool huh yeah kind of like mine
Exhibit C what hi I'm good how are you
hiding my doggy is my doggy Exhibit D
hey like my doggy they like to do
New Orleans is dope dude it kind of
smells like throw-up but I'm diggin it
cuz I come to smell like throw away well
I thought the joke I smell like frickin
buttercup what is it smell like I was
like throw up throw up
that's what I just said and then I said
I smelled like throw-up it really was
just Bennett not pointing the camera
standing here I'm trying to be a person
I'm trying to be a guy
you guys have ice cream poison here with
that whoa
if you want to touch my dog Exhibit D
can better hold your ice cream look is
that trade all ice cream in dogs well
this is a combo she got drunk and wanted
a the logic is impeccable story of my
life
yo yo yo yo yo yo no no young doggy you
can't be eating ice cube he's lactose
black don't buy it guys I'm gonna I'm
gonna go live my life I guess I'll see
you guys later goodbye this place is
beautiful
look at the park at the park be free
young the big break come this way come
this way young Gugu yo he's literally
like a fluffy hamster this is ridiculous
oh if you gonna pee I'm training him
look I call potty good dog enjoying the
day with my boys we just had a little
incident with young yogi here I gotta
ask we chillin how you feelin Gucci we
goin
you wanna come onto my shoulder come on
pups oh girl why there's no no way no no
oh come on
what I did it's closer to the exit to
the church
not allow dogs in here how did this not
a dog it's a stuffed animal but we don't
love your stuff animal okay he's on to
me activity here you go
he I'm going take it take it it here yo
this is like literally flop bro - the
fact that I haven't actually gotten any
phone numbers here I'll give you my
number
thanks Bennet but I already have yours
tired of selling me at some point just
name your price
legit guys make sure you go falling on
it I don't think I don't know his
Instagram yet some of you guys found it
actually i made him one but i don't know
what to call him so he does have an
instagram i don't know if i want to say
i obviously it is instagrams at kong de
savage even though I don't know if his
name is Kong yet oh yeah it's calling to
7 if you want to follow him there
anyways you'd fallen asleep in her bosom
intensity the effectiveness and I'm
winning Christmas cause let me tell you
I would not fall asleep in your bosom I
can tell you that much is inappropriate
12 she brought up looking from the first
place and I'm just calling them out as I
see them in front of your child
no I any is young - I see how I made a
mistake
yo look at his dog dang you pretty don't
back yet and now I'm about to do
something I should have done a long time
ago but I really hope you guys are a
variety of leash please please please
please please look at all this call one
day all of this could be or I'm making a
lot of promises to this dog God look
young Doogie it's you kind of you guys
there's so many toys and so many too
many decisions to make oh do you like
this does he like that does he like to
that you don't like that I know for a
fact you know like that oh did I come to
the right spot look at the leashes they
got a whole wall of leashes
hi guys we have some more shopping to do
but this is going to be called the con
cam why about D was that one okay well
what do you want about buddy Commission
what's going on buddy
what what's happening whoa success I my
buddy or not talk to you later
so learning he's such a young dog he
doesn't know his place in the way oh
stop sighs not go potty just like we
started today go potty
back in the hotel you guys good news I
park on the Reg if he loved it look at
him go Oh Nona girl you want me you are
me deeply
you can't both hum I can get out here
rich or not okay maybe I think in the
right game boy he's my boy still yeah
okay so I'm closing out the vlog for the
day oh why did you called you to him
again two things follow comminuted
script right congressman that's ko
rankings Congress avid and lastly swoop
up your savage merge t-shirt Tuesday's
only available for a we can locate your
link ISM to just look a guy love you
guys I was you tomorrow
take it easy boom first call you want to
do it okay bye
Xu bit
hey hey everybody look you got it Oh No
