I need we thought the loans resolved you
on the dog how much for the dog $2,500
good morning again good luck you guys
life is good right now tomorrow for
t-shirt Tuesday we got the savage gear
dropping look at this look at it bro
that's dope today I'm the mayor of this
town literally like this is my city I am
officially the mayor and hold the parade
for me huh I heard there's gonna be a go
we got goats chicken cars hot girl
that's sick all around guys I'm just
unhappy man and I hope today I can give
some of my energy to you so for now
here's what I want you to do low gang we
all got busy life I want to distract you
from yours on one two three take a deep
breath 1 2 3 Joe I think that was the
exact pitch of the screaming goat
anyways guys let's do this right it's
gonna be a good day good morning Bennet
then exercise take mark Bannon
Louisiana with Papa DRA I'm excited for
a bridge that can be done your boys in
the car watching headed some help me
help you eh
hey by the way guys we do have a release
date for the it's coming out what what
do we say May 17 18 I think clay 17th
help me help you can be out to be right
back yeah
heading up for the parade look it
there's no one here except you you're
here I see you you know that sounds
beautiful are you a clown I am goes on
appreciate that's not funny
don't say that when they're all around
here you're a clown bro I like you bro
can't tell people that
without telling Jesus clowns clowns
everywhere there's a lot of people here
this is becoming a thing I don't think
this parade is going to become such a
thing yeah oh my god we got the club
bringing his car y'all is gonna be the
latest guys we are just getting started
there's people signing in over there
there's all sorts of vehicles over here
what is it oh this is amazing we're only
Louisiana legit this is the coolest
four-wheeler I've ever seen nothing
could stop this visit of man playground
we got this kid on a little bike bro
that bike is too tiny for you wrong we
got this we got this we got another Kyle
you don't have to run where you going
bro your card
I like you in my shot much stuff on me
y'all get your half a cloud okay okay
I'll get you later get you later no way
no way no impossible no way no oh my god
they got tiny charred and this is an
amazing row I didn't know gonna be this
big I'm over here sitting in the shade
thinking about what I'm gonna do next in
my line that sees this bamboo no they
got bamboo look at the bamboo in
Louisiana impossible no way just
scientifically doesn't make doesn't make
sense I'm just saying like yo where's
the pandas Ebro wears designer your
black e-cig looks like a panda is your
it was a marching band Benny we have a
marching band yo your show is kind of
legit thanks man it's our show though
you know that it's it's our show you're
my boy oh my god how did we get it hey
hey hey
nor give me my hat for my brand it's no
it's now I bring ignore nor I'm claiming
my brand Nora my brand your brand what
who are you are you afraid of clowns
guys I'm with the Louisiana Tech team
now these girls are so cute la guys walk
around like I found you like this so
it's like a normal thing we're just
chilling up here hoosh hoosh older guy
get on with the louisiana tech bear I'm
dying I cheated on you guys just hug the
office I love all of you what no no room
to go oh my god is your go right now
why are you ready the mazing isn't going
this way hi you make me happy
oh that's the fat little go we got a bed
we got cheerleaders folks you're giving
me the keys to success oh I love ya I
did a little choked out we got the
Louisiana Tech band cheer teaming you
are gone still right I'm not gonna like
seeing you meander about in these bushes
kind of weird but okay you guys up with
the pageant queen hey so you guys are
the only group that wasn't loud you guys
are going back to Queen Miss Louisiana
is mixing jumpy Miss Louisiana turn the
beautiful
keep it up keep it up doing great his
lady got a camera she uh she pointed the
camera at me uh no matter where I
go see uh been in my director here uh
pageant queens in the corner that uh
producer me I got a similar how did me
 this one got a tulip here though
this boy got a sack right here we gotta
buy a truck we uh your real talk how do
we get this legit guys we got a fire
truck clearly they're still doing that
stuff we got all this joke how how these
guys won't stop driving little card this
turn is fun funny because we were
debating whether to make it really small
or really big and it turned into
something really big you guys your
dreams can come true I'm just a choch
from Ohio and I get to have my own place
I think we're approaching the parade I'm
looking around here there's some people
you'll this a lot of people here but I'm
looking over here
yo that's great you look at this I need
that I need that in my life
Oh what are you doing at all this Oh
guys I'm literally in love with this
animal I have it owner can I hold it I'm
in love with dog his name is blue nice
this is the cutest little thing guys I
don't even want to be married anymore
I just want to own this dog and live
happily forever after every good mayor
has a Pomeranian that just look at this
hey come on blue cut it out oh you guys
I'm think I'm done with this episode me
are you cool with that too cool be cool
I found this dog and it's very
distracting some might say I just found
it dog I'm uh are you guys okay what
that's the dad for real football what is
how'd you do that
what are you doing yo buddy I'm
distracted I can't finish this episode
no look at this oh my god
bye-bye apparently we're trying to rust
it I got one thing to say before we do
that dog peed on my shoulder here oh no
really I think that happened dang dang
this is amazing there are so many people
here hi everybody
Bennett guys we're gonna do just a
couple quick mrs. Bennett directing he's
a good director I know he's not all
actors but yeah let's go to oh my god
you're white bull I
see that little clone
this is the goofiest thing I've ever
seen I didn't even show you guys the
front of this oh my god it is mine at
the pageant queen and I throwing pizza
at people great great you know I need a
pageant wave yeah what's the badge away
go what like this is like that no I love
it I love it it's amazing this is making
me so happy but the best part about it
is my boy Dolph is driving oh no this is
crazy his little cars can't make up the
hill oh they're running into each other
you got it no no no you guys are going
the wrong way
oh no they didn't make it no you guys
got it you got it yo should you be in
this car oh never mind never mind
oh my god is getting started guys we're
in the car the bridge there's time to
throw pieces let's do it
yeah we just got done with the parade it
is insane legit chucking pizza but they
love it they love it and Asia guys this
episode is gonna be so good hey Logan
look at you there can I say something
yoke it's hot it's hot we oh my god
did you just rip freaking marathon bro
and the worst part about it is like I
can't get rid of it I still have a
speech to do this Brad guy is show
business so this is what it's all about
my guys I have big news I'm with their
real bear of the time how did my team
convince you to let us do this I got
enough you know it's really easy they
call me and we talked about it and you
know I'm always about things exciting
your city no way yo let it cool it
forever bro hey cool it man a burlesque
ow
this is hit Bennett is it here we go big
speech done let's go guys look at this
Logan Palmer of Rustin don't need a
slogan my name is Logan got a stage we
got people here hey hey guys like
where'd you get the shirt Logan Paul not
Claire oh we got the Mavericks I've got
to be a maverick type of you so I must
give the best speech ever guys so what
do you guys think is it you think it's
great I think I think it's kind of weird
but whatever to judge it this might go
down as one of the greatest speeches in
history
don't give yourselves to these unnatural
men machine men with machine minds and
machine hearts
you are not machines you are not cattle
you are men
mother of God bro legit the greatest
speech ever
the episode is great how do we get this
Roja yo how does it meet where's that
dog by the way I act on my instincts be
a maverick is what I stand for
right and I'm looking at this dog that
you're holding and I'm like I need this
dog who owns the dog
you own the dog how much for the dog
$2,500 for the dog okay
$2,500 I'll buy the dog 400 I'm Josh
Brown yeah yo like a hippie you're gonna
see this on the vlog hot you buddy we're
going to bond and be best friends to get
a bit of friend from average everyone
say you're doing it or throw it made its
event it's the best dog and I'm buying
it be really nice with my I swear my new
home with the dog you'll okay would take
a picture
nobody very tiny pizza boxes your fame
is beneficial God as I sit here in my
little Twinkie mobile thing I'm thinking
more and more about this dog I split it
from the owner because we had to finish
shooting which gave me a little time to
think here's the thing yo I'm getting
this door this is how I live like this
is what I live for
here's something and then just knowing
it is so right and it needs to happen
and I do it yeah so I'm gonna pick up
our little boy blue in a bit
yo my mom and dad's gonna be pissed
manager Jeff's gonna be pissed I don't
even know how I'm gonna take care of
this thing I have no time to take care
of myself
Bennett thanks for helping me make some
irrational and quick decisions let's do
this
my gosh is going down I'm yelling timber
policy are very very oh this is so right
this is so right i blue how are you how
are you that's my boy right there
there's my pradesh my boy
that's my boy right there ha ha trying
to make out with me yo yo yo take me to
dinner first blue yo it's official
official little boy blue is my new puppy
I broke a handshake yeah let's do that
yeah that's my boy that's my boy blue
that's gonna be one day our future is
bright we're gonna get out of here we're
actually in the middle of our shoot
still to appreciate it yeah of course of
course
yeah any questions hit me up ok cool I
might have a lot complete young and dumb
and hit experience that in life yeah I
cannot believe that I just did I was
going dad let's see what the team
thinks my new pen oh my god
we got a mascot guy he's got the tiniest
little thing don't you
yeah it takes after his owner Oh dog's
name is little boy blue why do I got to
make his Instagram before you guys watch
this vlog he will have an Instagram that
little boy blue honest actually I have
no idea what is it you just hold on hold
my puppy I'm gonna do this last shot
little boy blue stay or you want me to
make a little boy blue right now it's
it's great no it is not
oh my gosh hey guys future Logan here I
just realized something
I don't think I want to call him blue
like we could come oh my god we could
come up with something so creative like
I don't know I'm thinking calm like King
Kong yeah see it is fun cuz we called
King Kong he's so tiny and small just
making sense maybe I rod and he was
perfect English yo everyone is loving
blue yo blue is gonna give me so many
girls he's gonna be a savage bro oh look
at him he's such a stud very three girls
surrounding him right now this is how
you finish you bake
ah
ah that's a wrap on Logan Paul versus
small town yeah
nothing with his dog for five minutes
and we are already best friend
oh my god yo you know I have so much to
learn about this dog apparently he loves
ears you really like ears again I got so
we good ha ha we got a new member of the
family and it oh you know I can't
believe this
hey guys future Logan here again yeah I
want you guys to help me name this
little thing oh my god yeah by the way
apparently you can hold them like that
so I think it's going to be my thing
like look II do these chills yeah
comment below what you think I can name
him I think I rock take 14 comedy and
then we'll get an Instagram it was great
and you'll get famous on the Internet I
Pat Daly hi guys
you know I gotta end my vlog in my
maverick hoodie because this was quite
the maverick move today getting this
little guy hello gang you guys know I
love you blue hopefully will come to
love you as well and we will see you
guys tomorrow
take it easy Berbers do you wanna do the
thing yeah
actually bit
