honestly I don't want to see you
tomorrow
but this every day rabies every other
day bro from now on good morning okay
what do you guys remember yesterday's
vlog the ramp setup I'm sitting here
it's the morning right and I'm thinking
what a better way to start the days and
oh my god this is I might keep this for
a little bit like this is dope okay okay
uh first things first you guys should
probably know a little gang I've seen
your comments you're calling me out
those aren't you working out Logan it's
been a while since you've worked out
yeah it's true it's true I've been
traveling I was doing content valley
girl the movie I'm doing and my mind has
just been elsewhere but it's good that
you guys are calling me out on this cuz
that's what we do we don't let each
other / so today I was like yo bro we're
going to the gym but first how's my boy
okay puppy you are so cute but I can't
let your cuteness distract me give me
that
kitties I know he's distracted the car
buddy here at the gym since it's the
first one in a while it's not gonna be
easy but that's good baby because I'm
not to go in here and I'm about to push
myself and then I come out on you man
Oh
Oh
hello yep smash that's right what yeah
we're going golfing today marriage
yeah golfing did you know you can't come
you can't come because you're a bird and
you deliver New York no you you you are
okay oh we got glad Oh God well you have
come for how did you get called this is
uh this is not Cohen
this is our new why don't we don't we
keep talking about we're like it does
how his tongue no no well advise is what
Congress about no it's Congress savage
our dogs easily in here first how do
they get common tongue is a little more
finicky and I had Congress over here
guys call his right here yeah hi buddy
you look he has a shirt on and
everything wait I'm not I just like this
is our dog well it's not your dog bro
please
what topic wait it clogged are you Oh
maverick calm calm down do you guys see
this okay this is we commented I okay I
don't know how all this is happening
this is all kind of overwhelming how
they have this calling to Sauvage our
dog bro so as you're going about its
kinds of us you know I'm just going to
stop asking questions welcome to Logan
ball vlogs eight five years ago four
things bro I'm so sorry I'm done every
time I say broke slap me in the face
Brendan okay I got you hi yeah you got
air bro I said bro you're here but
you're right be please
oh alright I that look like a hurt
Daniel oh oh oh slam my bottle
yep don't like don't it the ceiling okay
dad
okay dad I'm sure you guys right now
know what happens if we move this back
get some distance can we move the ramp
back a little bit the distance has
increased significantly I now see we've
got to go farther there I'll stop it
after one more jump locked and loaded
ready to go but we gotta raise the
stakes that's what we do here oh damn
this is quite the distance voice okay
that was fun that was lit but enough fun
and games boys we're going to play more
games oh my god row you're actually good
yeah I'm oh snap no you good damn son we
are definitely at a golf course rich
white people everywhere
coughs daughter looks like I'm in the
right place you save him some places and
here's the problem bro you're too much
yes and also I'm pretty loud in my vlog
come go with a large bucket evolved
4:29 rich white I guarantee no no we're
golfing be rich to get our bucket balls
either the pundit any hair falls even
drop Wow why so wasn't worth it all
these people look so good and they're
all about what good job all the way up
oh my Jeff is the first one up cuz he
actually knows what is ubers actually
want to see him do well good job
Oh go if anyone wax balls better than
Jeff Levin
oh my god
no Jeff you go it over the fence my god
can wax on my balls gonna show up okay
hey Jeff not trying to show up my sorrow
other whack at balls we use it straight
through don't we'll turn it make sure
you hit
I hate I hate this before I just got
Jeff you were right I think you're right
but my goal is by the end of this to
prove you wrong
hi boys you're up let's see was actually
good don't you Bible Jack's doing I'm
guessing he's out there get a check get
a check use needles oh my god hold on
your swing my boy whacked yo he did
great just let the man be get it Jonah
yeah oh snap oh dang yo you're actually
good Corbin 20 points if you can hit the
guy in the car you're close we're going
to take away five points or it's just
effort Oh
yo that was the worst of the team crook
get it Corbett hit the guy oh my gosh
yo jack why are you actually good but it
pisses me off Logan I gotta go
why I wish I could show you my putting
skills I'm Nancy I'm sure they're good I
gotta go to meetings bro oh you gotta
eat someone got to run the business and
you can have agreed you can have fun I
appreciate that
that's my boy are they I would be so
good are Logan hit the last ball this
one's for the books bro
do it Oh with that said let's go hot a
little bit cold okay so we just found
out that my brother Jake Paul came out
with a song every day right it's every
day bro I think you saw how well help me
help you as well by the way number 13 on
us and global Spotify top five of 50
charts and and trending on the iTunes
search chart broke right here oh ye
anyways guys we're gonna listen to this
song it's probably horrible make fun of
it a little bit mega punch
yes we can yeah better enough that's
enough of that
hey I don't want to get 500 in right
here they also Jake bro what are you
doin yo I'm sorry I'm not done with this
can we just keep listening please here's
some background music cuz I know my
brother's gonna charge flag this for
copyright yo Jake what do you do it bro
if you wanted to make a good song why
don't you just hit up the why don't we
boys Nick is on the song bro I'm sad he
had so much good stuff going
I don't know like it shouldn't be every
day bro okay we are relaxing our ears a
little bit little putt session get a bro
you got it yep yep yep yep and yo Daniel
bros hey we stick out like a sore thumb
here bro like everyone else is ages 60
and above you have to use a putter and
you're using using a driver going and
you're not very good at this what can I
tell you something bro yeah you're very
good at singing you should stick to that
I have that weight you hug I I browse
all right this one's for the books bro
y'all hundred percent understand going
in autonomous I go in
oh my dick off and call me cheap oh oh
oh
just ugly go up this must be a calm
sport it just pisses me off because I
can't do it you know what yo screw that
bro you can never say can't kids never
said cash it's gonna measure it bro oh
yeah win to the slight to not even about
a 45-degree angle get going okay this is
it hit it boys
yeah sure guys I'm definitely trying
devil charge I got your back I am
I suck at this word
I really do sounded good for our cream
so guys you never give up so I'm gonna
watch and I'm going to want that one
yeah I told you guys you're all you got
to do a little camera tricks and then
you get a little pal Hey okay good times
four times golfing guys I'm gonna go
vandalize my brother's Tommy guy long at
midnight we are dropping a surprise EPA
to thank you to all of our fans ah yeah
stop waiting
what did you just did you just plug in
my locker for Sandra you're like you're
I mean I guess we're doing it with doing
it get your maverick merch look at the
description I don't see you guys later
I can't go without children for
vandalizing j-pop we are just gonna
suggest that you make videos every other
day like it's going to be civil right
let me the papers just like slap it
somewhere thank you sir my man is
definitely into Logan like a close-up
right here
okay so we got a bunch of others we also
have it's every other day if his bus is
there we're just going to stick the
others on it crazy parties like I'm not
like this isn't even being mean this is
just like a strong piece of advice yeah
yeah okay so we found out Jake's bus is
there right there in the middle of
everything it's a perfect spot on the
car it says I think that every way we're
just going to put these others in
between the word get the team 10 House
to my left is the quick little
in-and-out mission it's every day Nick
Young you've got a other one
if every other day every other day did
okay I think that's good you can thank
me later little brother oh yeah did you
guys hear this new style no no oh yeah I
did and it was nice it was nice yeah
yeah it was nice she said no at first
you didn't like it why not he loved he
loved it yeah you like you like was my
more I mean he said it not Mira haha
we're in the over on the way back and
bro what did you just you don't know who
Dwayne the rock Johnson is no how is
that possible but I'm not trying to brag
but when I got in the car you knew who I
was of course of course
hello you have a pretty girl good yo but
you don't know it was done but you don't
know who the rock is
yo so that got a bit awkward but what ha
ha hey how do you not know who the
rocket because I'm I'm a chat from Ohio
you guys we just got home I opened the
door and this little I was running up to
me all cute and stuff but he's not
supposed to be happy okay how many we
get out of the tank Joe did he pull some
like Ocean's eleven what did you do okay
he snuck he snuck he's a sneaker broke
he went right through there nine hundred
percent chance he Peter poop so dog bad
dog
kick you why you doing me buddy I just I
want to be a good dad probably
definitely pee on the shag carpet from
this that hurts me guys I'm gonna kill
you there's pee on my shit carpet hey so
far so good guys oh you little shit
oh it's my fault
on my head I know what I do bro
you can't replace Kong camera please
calm
you don't look at bow how can I ever
replace look he's the king of the castle
dude oh my god he knows being film so he
does a little four thing I'm gonna said
I'm just a girl you have to believe in
yourself you're a good dad you think so
you're a good dad you're living self
that's my boy
yep that's my boy that's my boy
okay we're we're going to clean this up
and continue living my life okay hello
gang back at the crib oh and all jokes
aside I do love my brother sometimes but
I'm just confused like I think most
people are confused but you know he's a
creator guys the daily vlog life is not
easy obvious and when you're struggling
for content sometimes the solution is to
go out and make a song or put your
brother's full name in the title instead
of saying brother I just roasted myself
but I'm done guys do not forget I preach
it every day go out you different break
the rules and do your own thing
otherwise known as being a maverick
y'all let is the vlog if you're not part
of the lokay make sure to subscribe
while I'm in doing that oh oh Greg Greg
is that you come here oh nice shirt by
the way I can't have a change
oh yeah weird link in the description as
usual do you want to do it you want to
do just did you say well I think these
kind of piece and do that thing we're
gonna take take it easy Pam pieces jeez
man take it easy fans it's like over
family millennia yeah and then just do
that I said take it easy fam see you
guys tomorrow
are you tell me help the layers
