logan paul has made it the tijuana
mexico we finished shooting that is a
wrap on logan converses hitchhike yeah
good morning no get one public
easy-easy thought he's easy yo that's
why we have a Taser Mexico oh you guys
I'm a lot verily I hitchhiked 1,400
miles from Vancouver to Tijuana Mexico
this episode is insane so the show is
coming on the fall unwatchable watchable
Apple and now we have to go back to Los
Angeles at which point I am yo I have so
much stuff to do have to shower
literally look like a hobo right now I
gotta say goodbye to all my new Mexican
friends and not like New Mexico like the
state like the Mexican friends I made
recently that the vlogs and okay you
guys are great Oh many many many stuff
stuff stuff stuff just stop SNC on a
star a√©reo de blah blah blah Logan Paul
versus Jake even if you wanted we always
plug you guys digging T so to that you
getting your locating merch to win a
hula-hoop cap not in the water all these
on the back it up with a world what I
believe you're on the YouTube hey what's
up dude yeah Logan Paul cos I shop along
I'm tired I'm hungry I've been sleeping
in spurts - I'm literally dilution yeah
we in Mexico you guys know there's one
thing we have to do before we leave I'm
talking shots of tequila for the entire
team yo these are authentic man holy
mother damn ego mamacita my gyorko esta
konnichiwa arigato
enjoy oh no I don't think I'll pick you
something broke okay let's get out of
here bro yo Mexico is dope parking
garages look I mean yo for like a
parking garage this is it looks like a
showroom I could do a montage here
blame is montage you've ever seen nice
Hollywood needs me guys we got a glove
goodbye Mexico I've been here for ten
minutes and it's been great goodbye
Hotel Acapulco goodbye La Gloria Borger
by Farah hood by hermanos advised
epitaph goodbye Waldo I found you oh yo
stop yo stop no you're gonna charge us
now guys there's they know how to do it
here bro my man hustling y'all better
you fell into his trap I did not get the
camera Adam yo yes I saw you play here
is purchase you did a good job
look at that half versus the other yeah
that's why they do it though cuz now we
need the other half done get another
doll no Garvey god damn it oh look look
this scheme in from how much bro I can't
buy it I've been going back and forward
to this guy for ages how did you make
that
I'm curious why you're walking around
with like how do you have everyone else
has like chips and like gum and you have
like a $300 painting art sculpture thing
yeah I can't buy the painting I got to
go back to my days 8oz uni as they say
in the front st. still not responding
alright thank you dude 20 minutes later
what if I told you hold me back I don't
want this thing I think it's impressive
watch watch watch I buddy to move it
here touch my knuckles well I feel bad
but like I touch just touch my knuckles
Thatta boy
hi-hi oh yeah bye man little education
lesson for you guys if you're ever
crossing the border from Mexico to the
United State this is what it looks like
just rows and rows and rows of cars man
and Donald Trump was bluffing I don't
see you all I mean I'm just saying bro I
closed them and this is okay guys we are
crossing back into the United States I
hope I'm not secretly an illegal
immigrant now would be a bad time to
find out there we go this is it
thanks man take it easy roll hi you guys
we're going back to Hollywood and I am
literally studying for an audition I
have right now the timing on my team's
part for this with subpar well yeah
check it out audition is on the computer
I'm going to go in there literally
looking like this like a hobo and
probably smelled man do I smell but but
but I have a good soul last video but
here's the great thing about this you
I'm I'm exhausted I'm beyond the point
of giving fuck like I ran out this
morning I have three oh boy who's that
my boy yo I'm gonna see you tonight I
love your I miss you I miss you mom do
you want to you want to hug you know
stuff w-with girls I'm like yeah I'm
going to an audition right now right
straight to the audition Tony
you ever have a good soul I mean yo I'll
talk to you later I got a study by Ben
I'll see you tomorrow bro guys we're
flying to Louisiana tomorrow for the
next episode we're shooting what is it
what is it small town mayor small town
Merrick
we literally talk to town into letting
you be the Maverick ever I bet it wish
me luck on my audition
yeah god you're good I am literally in
some random at Hotel bath right now
trying to freshen up yes
first time I broke my teat in two days
six do I even bother doing here we go oh
look at this timing subdued hi what time
does it say were supposed to get there
4:35 great that gives me 10 minutes
manager Jeff how are you Jill is cast
into some work there it's rough in there
great week right after your second look
actuals back oh wow Aldrin says sure the
basses enjoy the future it's just guys
from the last condition I am amazing I'm
going I'm working I'm a make team no
sleep crowd I tell the boys didn't like
oh love done oh yeah um no because it
looked like a freaking hobo take it easy
dude cool boy
okay guys I'm at the audition imagine if
I get this wolf when I get this role how
sick of a story this is going to be I
see you say hey how are you it's me
Logan
okay guys I'm not gonna lie it was all
right some auditions like I don't know
they just go or this one particularly I
waited for like an hour or the energy
that I went in with just dispersed and
then obviously studying right before and
not practicing with anybody is not the
move no but the good news is your boy
gets to go back to Hollywood yeah I
don't like a good 12 hours because we've
taken another plane somewhere else
tomorrow uh home sweet home nothing like
the ratchet-ass streets of Hollywood
which reminds me I want to smooth you
guys know when you travel you just eat
like the crappiest road food ever that
was me the pastor day and I feel like a
smoothie doesn't matter like this what I
meant to like take a deep breath like
like a smoothie just gonna revitalize me
but maybe it's an excuse to smoothies
obstruction
yo I was right bro haha this is Bob and
also guys if the grind wasn't already
real enough today if I already wasn't
running on two hours of sleep for the
past four nights in a row it's not
stopping babe I'm going to my boy Joe's
house to edit help me help you that's
right help me out you by the way I am
that crazy person in Hollywood just
sitting here screaming by myself do a
camera
aka Zaloga what about it the grind dont
stop no is the grind and the garden side
that's my boy we grits right I've said
this a thousand times with you you so
good how many views the other golfers
10/10 that's all you say I sort of got 1
billion ok I will a little different
page but I was gonna say 10 million okay
carefully watch everything everything a
difficult
help me help hey hey yo this stuff Joe
I'll see you soon my man 3 ok I saw you
I saw you child I've got more friends
boyfriends girlfriends the girls let's
stop more friends more friends more
people are here people yeah
I have asked our guys about this yeah
always wrap girls in your legs that's
how you make them love you sorry who's
that guy over there ah yeah that's our
thing too right because it looks like my
brother Jake my boy I'm gonna enter this
circle Here I am
I'm gonna go back over here I'll talk
you guys in the fish Oh yo really pretty
wait take it Oh Britney jumping really
gosh
how did you look at oh hi mark
oh hi mark
what's up with material yeah what's your
deal bro yeah which is pretty so lucky
okay I don't know with Mama's thrill of
it oh I watch big blog and you were
crying Oh
you watch the
as a click phantom chanting crying it
wasn't Rickman is it happening
oh no no no no no what are you having
your hand what do you have what do you
have with you that I just show the
camera so the camera no just do it out I
know it John Hawkwood
yo right here with you what this kid was
wearing through a boy Robin maverick
marching bands from I know it could look
blue stuff but I'm Amanda hi I'm sorry
we can't for a minute I got the check oh
no we're back here
I just called Lance out yo were here I
see you throwing shade in the editor it
was well deserved because here's the
thing if you call yourself famous bro
wait wait they call you how good an Alex
I'd meet you back at cocky a definition
of famous this is hell no just
well-known yeah everyone in this room is
trained to it it's a
how do you have so much energy right now
I've been trapped in a car for two days
oh yeah yeah oh oh what oh oh oh yeah
okay ready your turn your self-esteem
this is better you ready Logan oh that's
not bad smart a lot of sounds much for
making me something I don't want to be
I'll I'll make you me yeah you know what
the best part about this get-together
I had no vlog content before I got in
like an hour
legit rolling rolling can't roll the
camera broke oh that's long ever
Djokovic it might be but no congrats
from the radio dish or did you guys see
Logan disturbing Amanda Jessica yep yeah
yeah you not a Jay Paul you won't
understand it seminar yeah yo can you
just tell them while you were doing this
we're doing this guys supported me and
you're gonna support me to build reckon
so Richmond yo you're loving it there we
go now here we go there we go thank God
oh they got it
supporting friends right there I'm
sweating for you Amanda was a beccaboyer
back in power back down I'm going to
Louisiana morrow but so we get said I
was done ruse no you're actually leaving
yeah bro why again pan it back to
yourself it was good that we got to hang
out tonight guys like four minutes are
you and I realized though and then what
we're good together yeah we are good
together bro the energy was just up here
anyway that is it for the vlog low gang
it feels good to be home I didn't
disgusting I'm gonna go shower subscribe
if you're not subscribe some low game
gear screw some maverick gear let's rock
the world baby I will see y'all tomorrow
when I'm clean take it easy family you
know I love you
a qubit
hey hey oh my gosh roadblock roadblock I
got you sorry ladies they stay beautiful
if I can subscribe
