heyyo good morning okay with muffins for
today's the day I am beginning my
hitchhiking journey Heelys to say it's
going down I'm yelling why a hi Bennett
we're going logan poplars hitchhiking
Bennett the director you can't escape
the camera Bennett you can't read you
can't stick we starting off in the
beautiful Vancouver can't oh Sh
yo this is awkward Cooper Canada look
yeah real talk though this place is
beautiful man I give it about five years
before the human race public pollution
all right if you're watching this blog
right now this means I found Wi-Fi at
one of my locations that I'm staying at
because they're I think they're what the
blindfold me what are you doing Bennett
yeah you guys see Bennett is really just
a fun guy I just I don't want to deal
with being can't look at smile well
can't a man things are different all
they are different bro okay let's are we
my being blindfolded yet so here's
what's going down I mean it's not funny
tell them what's going down I'm excited
because you think you're hitchhiking
right yeah but you don't know they were
blindfolding the scary as you no idea
where I'm gonna drop okay that's taking
your phone oh wait your wallet no no no
no no no money taking all the clothes
you're gonna have a passport clothes on
your back you got to get the Tijuana bro
no phone back you give me let me keep my
camera for vlog corpuses I'll do it for
the low game
hahaha always reppin yellow know this
stock no phone fuck do I need to be done
but I'm going to do no no no stop stop
put them back put them back everybody
some guys I got a look cool oh yo this
is this dude why is your head so big why
is my hair so funny wait the hardest
kind of buff I'm the hardest guy period
respect let me know if I'm pulling your
hair don't scream you next time you see
me I'll be up I don't know but you'll
see me again I think
literally just started and I ran into
some location these guys ever cool you
have a cool town what is it I make car
sales go let's see here's a muscle car
Wow a mango Lamborghini yo this is dope
I can open a train runs go go for it hi
guys I really have to make it to Mexico
if you don't see me again I'm probably
dead okay hahaha you guys I've been on
the road for like a day now according to
my watch your ruffle ruffle least 12
hours we are have no choice guys all you
need to know is I'm still alive fricking
barely broke this trips absolutely
insane eh I can sketch you to spell
adventures I'm with my boy his name is
Zuko right now he's right there Sookie
you can't tell but there's a giant black
bar on your face right now
yeah I know it's right oh it's exactly
if you guys want to see what it looks
like you have to wait until the episode
because I want to protect his identity I
put touches before we're at hashing out
Chuck Chuck Chuck I kept talks right now
rash nutshell I don't even know how to
be uploaded suka I'm sorry I'm screaming
have you ever had a vlogger in your car
never well what do you think it's
horrible and I'll probably never do it
again
okay yeah that's funny suka you drop me
all the way here
not super smelly I don't know I'm like
halfway like as a mouse go okay when you
guys see me next hopefully I will still
be alive okay I love you okay look a
here's an update I'm still alive and
look where I'm at yo it's the Golden
Gate Bridge point mate okay so obviously
this isn't that a typical vlog
travelling across the west coast and
crossing to international borders makes
this blog like very hard so for those of
you love gangsters who have been here
since day one you are going to enjoy it
you notice one of the first couple of
logs I posted with me at Burning Man
there was four vlogs and I only posted
three where is the fourth one I never
released two now ladies and gentlemen
here
Burning Man vlog number four
never-before-seen unreleased footage
also keep in mind guys this is when I
first started blog I didn't know what I
was doing I was more of a Josh that I
was now so with that in mind take away
the greatest all to enjoy good morning
it is the last day of the burning of the
man's we have been digress to filthy
animals we ran out of water so showering
is no longer a thing I guess everyone
else here smells the same as we do so
it's okay this place is just Dustin
worksheets non-existent
we're just sleeping on a straight
mattress - basically it's a frickin
disaster brushing my teeth is my only
hope hi I'm human still uncivil still
it's good most of my seats it feels so
good trying to take a shower bro just
barely life second baby wipes bro baby
wipes this is all this is what we've
been using the shop bump to shower how
great of these my G what are you doing
what are you doing answer the question
that goes first
nope even with cereal on top of the milk
yo dog come on what are you crazy bro I
thought you my friend dude this what are
you doing it hurts my eyes bro oh you
got your whole life backwards man I was
like a personal problem what we got for
breakfast pancakes Oh pancake
so good
claws okay before we go any further hey
let me point out I am literally in the
middle of nowhere Jesus mother yo hich
oh this is a thing bro but goddamn this
episode's going to be good wait you guys
see how I got this particular run
actually it involves doing something
illegal sick but here's what I was going
to say dudes like the energy that a game
when I was blogging has changed so much
this shows like there's so much room to
grow two-thirds of a year I'm already
like so much better and talking to the
camera talking to people making jokes oh
if you guys are working on something in
here like I don't know if I'm good at it
but you like it you do it man there's
only one way to go and that's upward end
okay back to the Burning Man go alright
here's what I want to accomplish in the
last day of Burning Man I wanted rage I
wanted a I want to pump my fists um I
just can't pump no more I want this day
to end with me lying on the stand deal
fist pumping oh yeah can't touch this
feeling a little lot tight we're going
to get a little stretch session in here
ah fuck my fish can't pop the water
because that group using honest I'm
gonna rock this thing on this trip but I
hate you this is the creepiest thing in
my life
Rhonda fix it is so early in the day
right now we don't care none of us do
hold a neva and so beautiful with Soviet
it does not end with this man fingertips
from the gods themselves haha this is
amazing
Oh
it was a lot of attitude no disrespect
to any of the other burners but I am so
out here and I may be the most out here
so if you keep laughing you run the risk
of accidental death so you've got to
stop laughing there's no laughing around
Burning Man
you got to stop logic Josh all right
Josh
looking sexy as hell lady will paws down
on the ground on the grass are you
working on a mushroom are you working on
a mushroom right now that's amazing
barely the mushrooms only work if you
twerk on them is it working is it
working this isn't safe there's no way
this is safe do they move when the thing
is still up do they have to collapse it
and then move it's boggling my mind
wherever there's a piano other
stationery I'm moving my man will find
that piano and he will play that piano
this is it this is how pianos get moved
around here this is how we move beyond
Oh searches are way more you know we
don't move any pianos in our lifetime
but when we do we're doing like that
roots have found themselves hungry we're
going to return to the camp to find
something to eat anything hot really I'm
down for hey yo ma what for life Oh how
is this peach someone left us peaches to
feast on how is it awesome on my gun as
there was just nice
I misspoke to warm chunky cream Brooke
are you cream hard yeah yeah yeah back
to the blood oh ok another pause oh look
at this sunset oh my gosh this is
amazing I literally I'm in the middle of
nowhere right now this episode Logan
Paul versus hitchhiking is insane like I
have $5 guys that's it ha ha ha anyways
enough complaining burning it as I'm
sure you've noticed this place is
absolutely insane I don't know how this
is legal
everyone is just doing drugs and smashed
except me bro except me I'm a monkey I
forgot what I recorded so my commentary
right now is it really aimed as anything
but here's what I do know yesterday they
wanted this hitchhiking adventure I lost
my lo gang hoodie gray socks man these
hoodies are bombed by the way you guys
are loving you diggin the t-shirt
Tuesday lo gang merch literally like
I've never seen you guys buy stuff this
quick that's good if you guys want to
get your own the link is in the
description also if you guys well if you
guys want to rep a lo gang screensaver
like I have here look watch everything
ready ready it's my homescreen yeah go
to the brand's Instagram account its
maverick by Logan Paul again that at
maverick by Logan Paul follow the
account peep the Instagram story
screenshot at crop it make it your
background ok not back to Burning Man
cool I need to go dairy food I need to
dance
I needed that
oh this amazing it's amazing
Oh
dick bomb guy's butt ass naked so this
is amazing oh my gosh this is so good
but this is no good from across the
desert I've spotted what is bringing
back a fond childhood memory of mine The
Iron Giant oh my gosh just like in the
movie oh man I love this movie so much
our giant ha the nostalgia this is
amazing mr. iron giant are you okay do
you need a hand I can help
this is MIG I'm signing off and find off
the Burning Man of La that it did my
friends here to here I'm going to go
clean off and becoming a being these
guys they for watching ku
yo echoes in here echo guys we can't
tell I am in a very weird area at Los
Angeles oh yeah that's right
your boy made it to Los Angeles I have a
few more legs of this trip to complete
don't forget my destination is Tijuana
Mexico so I'm not staying here just
passing through
that's but okay yeah I'm sorry about
this vlog guy this hitchhiking life is
no joke all I know is I'm going south
alright with that said guy I should be
back home tomorrow at which point the
vlogs will return to normal
haha well yeah I will see you guys
tomorrow at which point the lizard's
level will return to maximum logging I
love you if you're not subscribe make
sure to subscribe there must have been a
baseball game smoking I've been talking
to my CC to martini
good
