good morning low guy was Rubio good
morning okay okay don't look at this guy
no calls don't do that you're making me
feel bad buddy I don't want to be like
this dog's owner every day this dog just
sits outside and claws at the door and I
feel horrible you're never going to get
in dog you don't know how to turn a door
handle unlike me I'm a good dad I got a
ball okay
go get it go get the ball yeah you see
that's how a good dad day okay okay I'm
not gonna lie to you guys I'm not going
to sit here telling I'm gonna stand to
do that all maverick and low gang March
is not 20% off this weekend because it
is we are only doing this once get a
while the iron's hot
also this hoodie right here the favorite
hoodie and help me help you music video
is seldom my cot right it's almost
completely sold out I'm like yo the low
gangs fighting for it bro the Frick you
wanted bourbon it's almost gone bro what
can we do go talk to my creative team
overlooking both icons laugh shop and we
came up with this oh my god I don't even
have this yet this is not this black and
white local maverick hoodie night oh
yeah bro I don't have I don't even know
I did you like Mahara but we created it
and you guys are going to get it
probably before even I'd say off that's
available shop the link is in
description it's really early I'm coming
with my mind okay enemies today kinda
have to do with you maverick what yeah
because you can fly cuz you're a bird
because calm can't fly cuz he's a dog
but I was thinking what is calm good
flies yeah because you could give him
your power I know I'm just kidding you
can't do that it's impossible thought
I'd say later but what if I built on
something that could allow him to fly
would you like that puppy do you want
powers of flight oh you're so cute
you're just falling everywhere you know
how can you tell god you're so cute oh
here we go up and Adam hi Kong dogie oh
Jesus whoa miss Mary
Oh with what like how are you doing that
fighter / your spider bird I'm really
proud of you
hey I could do this now seriously we
just discovered these guys wow I do
didn't Robert come in handy bro oh no I
love calling I love calling on my site
where are you
did you pee did you poop I think you
peed you motherfuck you peed on my shag
carpet I'm gonna kill you we get out of
here the bat bat bat bat imma be honest
guys I'm salty right now salty at this
little guy being a little stinker and at
the moment he's not worthy of flight but
I'm a good dad I will forgive my child a
kidney bet never do it anyway also this
happened before I left which made me
happy lash back you look like fun
outside the place these are like nearly
sold out so you're lucky you got one bro
I already on the precinct Congrats
that's my boy Kong stop bro give it up
you're not gonna win you're better okay
a flashbang okay now first things first
I'm going undercover
you're like a spa the money drop vlog we
did yesterday oh okay I think this is
how I find Brendan guys as you know in
yesterday's vlog I dropped off a
thousand dollars over there and four
thousand dollars across the rest of the
United States for you guys the low gang
define and we are actually going to
watch who gets it today my man you are
decked out full camo this is amazing
unless I kinda feel like a stalker dudes
like we're just watching a little bit
with his long legs like across this tree
right now so we do have good cover let
me show you guys what we look like
now all we have to do is wait but I feel
like it's a good time to tell you
Brendan later today we're going to make
Kong fly from dogs to fly throw logan 12
logs anything is possible
Oh to be honest guys we don't even know
if the money is still there by the time
we drop it off yesterday someone might
have take it but kind of just crossing
our fingers right now because we
obviously can't go in there we have a
couple low gangsters and their natural
habitat foraging for some money but it
appears that if we have our first no
gangster looking for the money the young
man just lifts up the great oh he's
walking right by it even walking right
by Oh walking right by he walked right
over it bro it's cool because we know
exactly where it is and we like know how
close they are but they have no idea yo
you literally stepped on it walked right
over it yep just another tip enough we
got a running low gangster she gotta
find the money where's the money
she's sweating she's hot she's nervous
where's the money sixteen I don't know
where it is but I love the Logan I have
faith in his running girl I really do
there are so many people so close to
getting it but no one's thorough enough
like it's really not that hard you just
lift up the thing but boy the Maverick
we come on buddy
keep going down the line next one next
one come on never goodies no go on go
back no come on lift it up lift it up
keep going
no no that's not it that's not it
yo this is crazy what Security's coming
oh my god oh no no maybe maybe it's our
fault
yo maybe the money's gone bro I don't
have a thousand dollars but but I need
to get a thousand dollars right now do I
swear to God I think the most large
about it
hey you guys lately I know you guys
walked over it a thousand times you seen
me how many times brothers with me no no
you guys were looking - my boys hoodies
no bro what do you do with the money I'm
in debt since long oh heck it doesn't
help a day yeah yo hug I just graduate I
sell a squad of road gang yeah I like
that
how far did you drive 45 minutes oh my
god yeah
yo you're the first one I know okay you
guys were like check all of those yeah
thing there was one there was one that
nobody said it I didn't even look I went
in there at least three throw I know we
were freaking out over there were like
yeah it's all fiance I'm about to talk
through what's going on bro some some
freaking youtuber put money in there bro
all right that's why I guess we'll okay
I can have you doing a listener from
campus I mean I'm not in charge I don't
know what's going on that's better you
guys know you guys with my buds go ahead
but go be nice yeah yeah guys don't be
doing all this stuff guys Logan puts
$1,000 more we're coming back ah oh my
god that maverick spirit let's go oh my
god I know is doe within 30 minutes all
of the money and the other cities have
been found here's an email I got from a
guy from Vegas I'm here in my eyes are
watering right now i will donate half of
the money to a foster home for kids
thank you again low game for like oh
that's freaking dope here's the video no
game I just follow the money man thank
you so much thank you
Abell my guy the pleasure is mine you're
a maverick my friend here is the video
from the winners in New Orleans a big
fan of you thank you yeah well I don't
know what I was betting on or they don't
know about your summer
it gives them to my parents and all that
I appreciate you how it rolls every day
looking for life yeah I love it
I'm chop them another country bro let's
go to Canada we got it is a little game
we rise at the same time I know this
thousand dollars we're gonna share it we
are
and I'm probably going to buy more
merchandise young words for the whole
fam these little gangsters everywhere
guys this is amazing
you know like it subscribe yo he said it
I didn't you heard it I love that bro
that's amazing okay let's go to Denver
you guys know my friend Mack well he
lives in Denver and I had him wait there
and video the winner finding your wiggle
calling me hello hey sorry about that
that was a list you gonna be here
shortly
what yeah okay Mack got video of you I
already said this was just watching oh
there is yes
yo what's up bro congratulations you did
I feel what's up bro hey congratulations
you want what are you gonna do what are
you gonna do with it calm down you're
good you should go down dragon will go
in Quogue
absolutely what's your name drill more
you good yeah are you here with my
mother where's your mom she's fine let's
go walk that way alright so you're the
winner
we're out here in Denver Colorado
can you say your name again sure boy
alright drew you're the lucky winner you
won the low gang challenge you got the
money drop he won right his t-shirt
should I show it the maverick t-shirt
and then Mac FaceTime me and I got to
FaceTime the winner her name was Drew
I don't know how quickly to get here I'm
like five minutes through here you got
the money what are you gonna spend it on
low gang first let's go see highway
congratulations drew we're proud of you
all right we'll always be a member of
the low gang all right
Madras be America amazing login
gangsters what low gangster
congratulations to the winners one thing
I just want to point on we get a little
cheesy little deep here for a second one
thing they all say they're all going to
give the money to other people or share
with their friends that's like that's
the kind of family we are guys we do
good things and good things will happen
- that's a maverick spirit that's the
low gang spirit let's go okay now
speaking of clothing we do a whole photo
shoot down there what up G whoa look a
little flabby today right what there I
see you've met Kong - Savage I'm
adopting no no you can't not an option
no because well cos he's mine no no no
now he's mine that's why I can't do it
hey Brennan long time to see I don't
know how you do it a matter yo her
account was hacked today yeah don't I
explain the situation um no because I'll
do it for ya Haley got an email saying
Oh congrats you've been verified
Oh click here to login and she did
without checking that the email from
Gmail not Instagram - yeah rookie
misread mistake you logged in and got
her account hacked so sorry little Ayla
that's how you learn better and then you
let me put it here and deal with it
clearly I could get the bus yo first off
sitting down like this come on I could
fix the problem I have connections at
Instagram well how long did you mean you
ate like three hours you got to learn a
lesson and now I'm helping you okay but
like this is me teach you a lesson
what do well I only told you 12
the first is that you put it on until
you start weaving in the dressing room I
need a break
baby I don't have a brain oh my god I
can't see cause the sun's too bright but
look who shut up boy you know your eyes
open right now
yo what I don't know it's so sunny bro
I'm blind rogue I tell you something
stays around for more than five minutes
I'm not sure that I was gonna say - Wow
oh she found Kong hey hey no you try to
steal and last time but I can't give you
this dog like every girl tries to steal
this dog well why can't it just try to
steal me I hate you hey no man here in
Fiji gosh she's gone this is why cons of
savage he's the first man that denied
Amanda sir how's it feel to be denied by
a man okay man yeah okay just real quick
my brother stopped by I'm doing man oh
you got Frank you need a Mac what are
you doing this your photo shoot yo a big
kid like litter they all came in and
sprayed me with silicone I respect how
you just sat there okay yo here's a hand
they started frame mirror string I help
my sister get that ultimate exposure in
judge marks for the retro okay we're
doing fine it years of karate not my own
nobody know hey how did you know this
was happening
hey Jake what's the gate code oh damn it
I did asking mr. Gekko to us I'm the rat
I'm the right I'm gonna go exile myself
go Jake is mad that Amanda liked me more
than him yes we're puppies when whoa
stop testing I wasn't ours because make
Shanna convinced Amanda - you're pissed
off that I something but I'm not cool
with all the girl already on the
interview ah don't do it bro
you were gonna do it you'll get your no
no we have to act all it should be a
lesbian scene oh yeah yeah what's on
your lip can do is hold so now yeah
Frank's are all fun and games until you
have to get down on the ground and clean
up after yourself bro look out dummy
looks bro was it worth it probably not
this is this is a wacky day bro don't
wait a minute we haven't even gone to
the fun part but we still gotta make
clothes fly month I tell me help
why did she trust me go don't just me
like that bro and it is now that I asked
the trust of one more person and by
person I mean dog in the form of Kong
the Savage oh my god was like even
though you peed on my shag carpet i'ma
give you the gift of flight but like
there they are the boy really I'm not
capable of doing this myself so I got
Erik to help me hey oh my god go got a
helium tank how much was this helium
thing it was like four dollars oh my
gosh okay do you think this much helium
is gonna float calm look he loves it
he's already trying to give it a boy he
loves it Hey
he loves it up so many balloons ruff we
all these balloons were oh my god
estimate Li we've already had a long
vlog it's been a good day bro I think we
just get right into step number one we
got to blow up the balloon so enjoy this
time-lapse of us doing that oh yo this
is it wrong I have no idea this is gonna
work I don't know science bro to feel
floaty literally like yeah this is it
bro I waited all day I've seen through
photo shoes I've been through watching
people find money for this disease
prolonged Oggy I ready we're gonna let
go three one two go gang take two we're
gonna let go on three one two three
I'm gonna work at all I've got a plan
though got a plan you've got a plant
your play we're gonna crank up the giant
balloon home I gotta go with a plan oh
the bees balloons they go to eat feet so
normal balloon goes less than a foot
leaving less 20 pounds where Oh 24
technically we only need to use one only
need use just one these ut0
no but we need more everyone who's like
nervous about like the safety of my dog
I'm a good dad you guys know I don't
leave my dog outside to scratch in my
window I'm gonna take care of I love my
phone completely get it just know that
he will not be harmed
I'm a good dad you guys seen it he's in
good hands he has a good hand trust me
guys I'm a lucky suspect oh yo this
one's bigger bro this is a big one
doctor she and fellow gangster the guy
over there to kick this out we're gonna
tie the second big balloon look how
pretty look at my work bro this is it I
look to take this arrest icon up on your
chariot attaboy justice oh damn it
it's still not working we gotta go one
more okay guys so when they're filling
up the third and final balloon enjoyed
this type of car
here's the issue because Eric stats are
obviously wrong I don't think we've
blown these up big enough I don't really
care about is mama dragon baby okay the
final not on the final pool and if this
doesn't work finding is invoking a
speedball okay can we call you guys I'm
gonna take off the leakage wrap it
around a string in case things go south
okay guys we're waited all day for this
moment we're about to steampunk and I
legitimately fly what - oh my god
so it's like trying to work it's working
like
Oh somebody's family ha ha
yo you having fun what's his life I got
a birthday can I are you having fun
buddy ok bro he's just chillin
my boys just deep scratches down song I
told you when I got you I was going to
give you with the most incredible life
possible and this departed buddy
sleep it oh you don't even know carrot
bro thank you for making this possible
from me I didn't know this was actually
possibly going to safely look at him
he's killing my boys cheering woman
throws empty looking as usual thanks for
watching and living this crazy life with
me when I was a wee lad I never thought
I'd be making my dog fly in the air
life is amazing bro that's what breeds
being a maverick being different being
unique doing stuff that other people
don't I don't nobody have done this ok
ok so is that that that is a lot o what
a crazy absolute amazing day we've had
conga scoops as you can see sad usual
low games thank you guys applause mr.
Singh means the world to me and this is
what I mean by being a matter
look he's repping it right now well
doing this row like we're changing the
game right now
no get 20% off boomers I know you know
that I said about time today
like you subscribe off with the awesome
our take it easy
humans have learned to extend their
reach by lifting other humans up they're
looking through the trees but alas no
luck
