I don't know if I'm going to be able to
continue the vlog oh my god satay oh
good morning okay what what I guess I
feel weird Sachin I look with I just
look at me dude what's going on anyway
so I'm doing this thing it starts today
this is dope this is a big thing it is
called yeah okay so here's how this
works
every Tuesday we're gonna drop a new
dope t-shirt it's gonna be a surprise
every Tuesday new March every tooth
under your shirt today's teacher y'all
have seen me repure Fein and brolo gang
baby let's go with the maverick logo in
the corner guys this t-shirt is spicy
son I'm not here up the low Gators we
out of changing the world yeah so
everybody's the new March link in the
description if you heard during this
intro yeah my boy will not stop
squawking my friend Mac you is staying
with me unfortunately I had to move
outside because maverick is do loud hey
buddy why outside bro what's going on
bird sounds like good morning hi hello
huh oh no you scare people off maverick
that's the issue so what we got going
today Oh music video help me help you I
am going over to Joe's house Joe the
editor the guy who is editing the video
y'all have seen Joe before and I get to
show you guys a little sneak peek
because I'm choosing the clips that are
going to be in the music video oh come
back I love you so that's going to be
sick and then we are doing an Instagram
panel later today with I think king
batch and Shay Mitchell actually who
happens to be in the video that I'm
editing this morning so he does love me
unfortunately now I do have to go no I
do so you guys know me you watch my
vlogs it is a very busy time in my life
right now like I'm talking top-notch
tonight guys I am flying to frickin
Canada why am i fine the Kansas actually
once again traveling for my show logo
ball versus in this episode I'm actually
hitchhiking from California to Mexico
I'm talking Vancouver to Tijuana
so yeah that's gonna be a thing anyway
this is my car that got jobs you gotta
meet Joe
is Jojo juicing yeah because it kill
them a bit curious about your life or
why you got so many bananas what's going
on oh they make good phone sighs
probably Oh Joe what what is it bro why
does the light switch say no don't touch
it don't push it
why it says no I have to push it what
why you're not actually on the phone I
am okay well I have to put my god yo
this video this video is heat guys I'm
gonna give you a little sneak bagel
snake and pickled up and here's a rain
lookit maverick Logan the beautiful Jay
Mitchell a it's all in one package baby
I was dark I don't want baggage baby oh
I have to go yo so be a ho that's my
Brooke I was in August resembling a
t-shirt Tuesday Joe you're in the logo I
broke good work today that's my boy
oh okay so fun I by Joplin second snake
in guys mackerel copies at home with my
boy maverick what is this what what no
you gotta go back and pick knickknack is
not supposed to be out out call homies
oh we go there we go hi guys I'm running
around to all sorts of places today next
les I'm going to use the doctors they're
gonna touch my balls and I'm not God in
America we call it a physical this is
for my movie valley girl apparently they
want to make sure I'm not going to die
before we actually start shooting makes
it okay here we go
oh how these a small chair doctor's
office filling out paperwork
nice twelve more seconds later yeah
that's right starting to do my own
voiceover for the time cards now what
papi friend went to the doctor's offices
that it wasn't a lot of film so I didn't
bail and now you are freaking busy bro I
love it dude that's about ass okay
that's a grande locating that's what we
do money here there's that anyways now
your boys going through the Instagram
pen and then unfortunately I am both
fortunately I'm going right to the
airport's head to Canada King candy
what's up thought I was going to be able
to get home today but I wasn't able to
also why my seconds of that house it's
awesome I should be a prick your rapper
do tell my mama mm and you with someone
guys I'm here at the Instagram panel it
is going down with my manager Jeff
what's your name Oh gang my name is yeah
there are some people here both my
friends are here you have friends yo I
was waiting for that I was waiting for
that comedy I'm your friend lo you're my
friend I walk in King bat can bat -
earning to mentor me astoria justice all
the chainage know they're cleared nah
she's not easy problem to play no your
friend is my friend and she's coming
what is buggy
that's nice look it oh no are you phone
oh oh oh yeah wait a second hey I did
miss you be I think you wore this on the
heli tight and I were a different
version okay I like no Jamie okay guys
I'm not allowed to talk about was going
down so here's a voice over my voice
explaining what's happening here is my
brother King batch talking with Shay
Mitchell who is my girl so like what is
he doing you know also here's Amanda she
just popped up in the frame she's
ruining my shot but it's okay she's
beautiful too though anyways yeah this
thing is going to be super cool girl I
like I like people because they have
they're all beautiful and say okay I'm
done with this voiceover oh my blog did
you not know are you subscribed better
YouTube channel yeah what's it
youtube.com slash Logan Paul vlogs make
sure you subscribe to that channel that
you just start right there guys look who
it is
I thought it was forever goodbye but
it's mad you got there bro it's a
cupcake shiny one oh hi guys I don't
know what happened but I found myself in
this cool car with Vick egg call you
know Matt we're there can I call you
Victoria just about like switch up a bit
that you can a little more formal a
little weirder it's funnier because I'm
a weird guy also my boy Mac yo where you
at bro get in the car hop the block
why oh yeah it is only have them come
and hop in the car hop in the car man
that I think it's topless view all the
way up to do music montage can result if
the star
now
wanna be my
okay montage ended also that was my
oxygen my life is balanced but it looked
and I woke up a bitch mom can that
Cooper I'm coming Paige all the windows
to this place are open dammit
hitchhiking to Tijuana Mexico Logan Paul
Berg yet another thing with a high rate
of death they determined in my physical
that I probably wasn't going to die for
a bit so I'm good
you guys are see something in front of
his back is apply to you it's a it's a
car but you like to play out your name
it look man oh-o-oh drive is this Mac to
me it's like Academy but Mac to me there
it is you got see it back to me it says
back to me cuz you know stick Brooklyn
sarcasm getting excited over the
littlest things right now I can't be
cooped up in a room talking about
intelligent things with mature people
for that long walk ah releasing energy
right now guys also I'm still horny I'm
so horny do I make you horny you should
usually think
I'm released the energy and I'm horny I
got no shame guys I'm only kidding guys
kind of no I'm not I'll be travelling
from Vancouver to see want to intercept
me along the way give me a place to
sleep in too much I'm annoyed you deaf
can you hold this camera I gotta say
goodbye to Mac in my vlog plug me bro
that's my boy right there
hi bro I'll see you bro I'm going to
Canada oh damn bro I just walked through
the entire Airport I made it to the
bathroom and realized I look like a big
gay cowboy I wish I knew how to quit you
I'm not gay but I got a cowboy hat on so
like I'm down I'm afraid you guys I'm in
the airport and something just like slap
me in the face like that if I'm gonna be
hitchhiking and I'm filming my show and
I'm alone and I'm filming my show like a
vlog and I don't have wife how am I
going to upload my blog oh wait I'll get
back to justice and look at this
beautiful girl this book
what's your name is soccer again Ali I
don't pretty good do you know I actually
just got patted down
you got patted down between you between
me are you terrorist no no if you tell
me if you are how I will tell you where
you are tell everyone I was honored me
I'm never going to printer finger little
more to the lady after she probably
knows no way I am going to invert my
hand as far as I can only way my BG you
might be g13 channel okay but you're not
lying are you
I am live anything okay this is a vlog
oh yeah I know okay she would have
noticed of all guys I don't want a lot
to be in here am I technically allowed
to be here because I'm not going on my
flight I'm just here chill I'm not even
joking I mean no I'm seriously that's my
friends they're crazy I'm just here to
chill - no I'm good at I are going
anywhere
what's going on basically I decided to
stay too close to my face
there is no filters no a particular I'm
live okay you have done it to me
you made this mistake when people
involve ourselves in my life I warned
them
you came into my life first I was trying
to vlog and then he taught me you're
like actually in the landscape mode I
like though she had no idea what she was
doing I did see her earlier I taught her
how to vlog roll the clip don't ask me
why you line your phone horns burn
vertical do not know this vlog life
because her
you gotta hold your phone horizontal for
that blog right there very cute maybe if
I was stationed here would you go on a
date sometime
unfortunately it's teacher Tuesday and
I'm travelling from Vancouver Oh calling
me yes Jeff I'm here at the airport I'm
fine I'm delaying him I'm stalled by a
beautiful girl
hello Jeff how are you
I do have to leave oh no I'm sorry mom
yo why every time I'm leaving to go
somewhere
leave some honeys and I have two ladies
also what I was saying was it come on be
on the road how am I going to be able to
post a vlog oh gosh guys am I going to
skip across the first time like 200 days
guys I just checked 232 straight blogs
oh my god oh my god I'm just saying
looking like guys 230 do straight luck
I'm literally I'm out here vlogging and
everyone's looking at me but I'm a
maverick so I am missing a vlog honestly
something about looking like a big gay
cowboy gives me confidence
hi guys that land is this Airport is
fricking now bro yo looks like a giant
like tiki huts and everything plus they
got this guy yo you know what's the cool
thing about this guy big headphones bro
I got a pink cowboy hat man just a big
gay cowboy you look like a baguette
don't worry
I'm at customs right now you have to go
to this place when you enter a country
international they make sure that you're
not a freaking terrorist like that girl
I met earlier no fun fact about Logan
I've been to Canada before once got
stopped at customs for four hours to
Canada is this I'm about to go through
let's hope I don't get stops again
I'm good thank your boy has arrived at
the hotel fun fact I'm actually staying
in a different hotel than the rest of my
production team because the hotel we're
staying at or supposed to be staying it
did not have fast enough Wi-Fi and
apparently this one does it's super
duper duper nice and low caring and will
get you you for too long okay so the guy
that just checked me an upgrade in my
room and he didn't give me a reason why
I'm not trying to speculate or anything
boom must be into Logan oh snap oh snap
now the room is nothing really that
special right but this view oh my god
it's look at all this is open below yeah
oh yeah you know we got the waterfall
right there we got beautiful downtown
Vancouver your boy is very happy guys
and I feel like it's a good time to
address this thing I don't know if I'm
going to be able to continue the vlog
for the next two days click buried your
ass back a bit because yeah their daily
vlogs right and I won't have this vlog
camera so fast but then again little
girl okay son low gang son okay you guys
I got you okay I'm gonna try to do
something you know what it's 1:00 in the
morning right now I'm a film just like a
simple funny awesome reaction video of
like my childhood right now for you guys
because that's what we do freakin love
you guys homicide off the vlog also I
should mention this t-shirt Tuesday this
thing that I'm doing this low gang Mertz
will only be available for the next week
and then it's gone that's cool white
t-shirt Tuesday's it's kind of like a
limited edition type thing anyways okay
I love you guys I will see you tomorrow
but I'll look exactly like this
take it easy Pam please oh also wish me
luck I'm a hitchhiking if I die that's
uh said it was picked
thank you big
Hey look over there
questions but please got to motivate the
other night
