I have one goal on my mind and that's to
smash for the first time in my life I
actually mean like smash like smash
these other vehicles kidney money good
good morning gang look what okay no no
okay movie I don't know I'm just excited
to look at my boy my boy let's all wait
a sec wait a sec it's better don't move
Spencer don't move Spencer don't move
gosh my boy yeah what I told you not to
move anyways I got you that's my boy
t-shirt rogue
anyways look at what okay so y'all do
you see that this is why I want to start
the vlog right now this guy thank you I
know it just well so Spencer I gotta
film a little video that's going but yo
what you know what do this guy think he
is what do you do yo that's what you
know that's not my boy let's end this
fella yeah we doin cut no funny video
it's game time get out yeah get out here
yeah we already got a bird oh yeah yeah
maverick the parrot speaking up and
there is a huh oh uh uh I don't know no
yeah you are my boy I just I didn't
think of how many birds advisor that's
my boy hoodie I apologize my boy I I do
have stuff to do so give me kids gang
mmm is my boy yo come on man buddy I
love you okay but I do got to do stuff
nah come on maverick love you forever
all right guys it's time to get the day
started I'm talking Logan Paul versus
demolition derby I don't know how I got
you protect this out Wow guys look at
this view man this is freakin amazing
but the best part about it my best
friend ever
guys it's Mack could you guys remember
Mack yo we've been friends since
kindergarten first grade when I beat you
on the race in the playground oh I was
done I was a diabeetus I beat us also
so hey Mack could you not did I have to
pick up after your dog and you're my dog
but like I can't have you doing that we
got to go but we got places to be yeah
yo what's your name bro my name is Jim
Jim yo guys so be two white boys from
Ohio now can I have nearly perfected
freestyle just to show you guys how good
we are as a duo plus Jeff we're going to
show you guys how good we are okay
luckily I like I'm dying right now let
someone hit me in the face run in
automotive retail he's fighting to beat
with the water will you make you a but
in my world I'm dead because that's how
I feel
maybe you coming up luckily you're
talking everyday girl have a stop all
right DJ Jeff bond with DJ Jeff how you
feel
it's feel real good driving we're
swerving nowhere now feel like gliding
we would not ever in the rain cuz we're
in LA you're going to get all the money
and the bees gone buzz and then we
wanted to funny little Joey didn't you
profit we're going to top man I'll be
begging you be to possibly Jersey no no
no you'd be Tupac how about you being
Logan I'm down I'll be back
I'm so down oh did you pull your YouTube
channel youtube.com slash Logan Paul
blog yes we've got to subscribe to that
channel that you just heard that
instrument Pat Logan Paul yeah yeah yeah
make sure you go follow that Instagram
that you just heard you are you uh are
you doing the leg squeeze you
no no no it's people people follow your
Instagram oh snap this sign says night
of destruction oh my gosh that's the
night you always going down in this
empty town looking like a clown never
frown you're the free stuff don't stop
oh hey that's our producer Katie guy we
all hold up wanted Katie get to get the
golf club
alakay to get to go look we got a steal
a broken strand why does she get to go
hey stop how did you get the golf cart
let me drive
no let me drive fine fine all right guys
instead today we got a double iteration
that's a lid situation if you didn't
understand got Justin back back there
Katie driving like a frickin Savage the
golf carts looking closed also if you
notice my shirt take a good look only
going to show you that at one time which
is a link okay did she think I was going
to
no okay this is like straight out of Mad
Max this is ridiculous oh my god
what am I getting into right now coming
for you number nine against the team guy
yeah guys I thought it was a little
before now we have alliteration
I'm waiting from a boy because that's
what boys do a boy where my boys with my
boys with my boy say did they add
doesn't boys and boys head wait wait
explain this whole cucumber ignoring
Nash nor - it's a birthday so it's a
brother best so we have a bad boy -
birthday bash it's like this the
freestyle don't stop guys I'm over here
there's my second boy yeah he's right
there wherever not hat in the sack and
never get a clap bat maker enough oh yo
guys this is crazy buddy what do you
think what came out of my face but you
what you think in the car I love the car
but hate the camera damn look at this
they got like metals what oh yeah and
then here look at the seatbelt oh my god
no oh no you can't open the door oh oh
it's now yeah Mavericks hello gang never
stop also my favorite part about this
actually no that's definitely my
favorite part my second favorite part
the license plate
oh gosh that me guys third favorite part
16s it's like never mind no wait what
fourth favorite part actually moving
this to third and 69 is fourth what does
it say lol gang wait what says lol gang
bro
yo what the fuck he thinks my vlog
channel is a joke read this shirt what
is this Allison extra L here I just
adding else you're about to take some
other view I answer this question if you
think it was my fault I don't know
you're the direct it's your show it's
action I would argue Bennett versus let
me take this moment to sincerely
apologize our game day I forgive you
okay oh oh oh we got a solution everyone
calmed okay this is good I'm happy back
up to four favorite said lol gang bro
because that if it wasn't already lit
enough this is my wardrobe for the day
look at the back bro tell me what are
you seeing Mac don't matter to what was
a bird it's a plane it's a maverick so
you look at these trophies bro I'm gonna
win all these trophies I'm a smash you
have the derby cars I'm going every
single one but the best trophy of them
all has got to be pin ride and that
ability doesn't have a driver's license
I don't have it don't ever say labelled
it I don't know lost it oh god yo this
is tight guys I love it I want to see
you getting in on the other camera oh
you do well I'm already halfway and so
you just pick up there I'm just getting
funky
you smash good times greatly bro
everyone here is taking this so smoothly
these larger tote like dude look at this
pot look it's like it's a cop car is
that a real cop no definitely not just
to do with the bad also blue life matter
it's true all guys this is gonna be
crazy boys coming in come on emag let's
go okay so this is what I'm feeling
while I'm driving this is gonna be crazy
bro you guys imagine ramming into
someone else's car at 40 miles an hour
like that is what's happening guys this
is real life the run is good now they're
smashing the condos came over this boat
I've been here nearly why are you taking
my car I'm Joe guys being from Hollywood
likes to chach from Hollywood yous guys
want to destroy me like they all have
beards and say dutton instead of guns in
road they are picking on me guys even
said look at what she has dude you know
the story what someone just left it on
her lawn no wait why someone left this
cute little dog on your lawn yeah
yo you know what's even crazier about
this you're cuter than the dog okay much
I'm really also great big Joe but it's a
girly girl
I mean I'm Jen initial goodbye I think I
love you
here we go guys this day thinking I have
one goal on my mind and that's to smash
for the first time in my life I actually
mean like smash like smash these other
vehicles kidney money good more you wear
those
thank God bro how's it going to tack the
other way toes I don't know which I can
do well then you think you know I love
everybody rather sleazy I'm having so
much
because that was just a practice rounds
around where we actually raped and
actually hit each other is coming up
deck what I think we're gonna watch
first see like how it goes down also
site no that's my boy for wearing that's
my boy and number two my boys are you
beating you like a maverick I can put it
on yo that's what I'm saying it's not
like I don't just say this like it gives
you power son anyways let's go watching
people together other way before we do
that they would you just go I'll put the
cam here I won't put the camera your
face painting my Chester smile I'm
walking through the stands shooting
b-roll doing my job as a director and I
just hear ha ha we're getting better
nervous yeah the kid asked for a pair of
Mavericks on and I was like Logan won't
even get me mad me not hurt him better
you got a herd of we out here
spray-painting maverick stencils that's
actually how they got on the back of the
car
oh boy look at this guy's oh this is
crazy so many people here right now what
what do you want me to do
I should know I love you guys the person
she's got got lucky Tommy I'm gonna show
my cousin Lambo is that guys kill his
leg got Tobler finish the thing is
behind me oh my god
Oh what have you create this is amazing
goddamn this logo softball I got Joe
night show D by the way I had some fun
sign of forehead I think it's time for
the real race now katie is just like
earlier oh good get it ready tomorrow
katie is grabbing my jacket if she's
going through something Katie if I fall
you're not gonna be able to stop it I
know you are a tiny little girl what's
good but yeah okay guys we are at the
car I kind of just noticed the most so I
actually brought my own GoPros to have
enough for this you know what they put
them both on top like come on guys
what yes they are 100% those would go
for a 5 yeah but they're not yours your
NZ girl from high oh we got 5 so we're
moving on look a 1200 yeah I'm cool with
that now honestly we might not even put
that in the idea it's going in there
they can be put on a neck brace down for
the real race yeah a lot of guys gonna
form oh yeah yeah they call me the
Hollywood boy bro everyone wants to kill
me
little do they know I'm a savage I don't
give up sorry guys I'm like a goofy
funny guy right but like I'm club would
you de dos immeuble this is a low game
yo wit car you I don't know tell me what
are you point your car nation where you
got to give a shout-out to my meeting hi
what's your name
her name is Caitlin test Haley taxi your
uncle is in danger
from the Logan Paul watch out my man go
talk to cute is the best part about this
bro here we go dodge me
ever be married okay
really what does he do
can you be famous right like okay
that's ridiculous
Oh
- what just happened like I can't even
yeah I don't want to show you guys the
car no no someone loved it this episode
is going to be so little compiled versus
baby available are lots of us there's a
selfie like 20 minutes later
alright guys the adrenaline is slowly
wearing off my hair cooking her feel
like I have a concussion I don't want to
say too loud because every was gonna
freak out but just like I'm dizzy like
my eyes like oh god ways there's some
low gangsters over there I'm gonna try
to start my car like this this pace is
destroyed I wanna show you guys the
wheel look I don't know if it's gonna
work well I'm trying to get in and go
driving up to low gangsters you guys
look like it is all on 100% fatality
Leila looks like Oh more so good guys
nothing like a midnight stroll on the
derby course better than there for you
very minute what are you dumb - yo you
guys stay in your lane haha high five
from your attitude you get to reverse yo
wait how did you get this yeah yo what
does it take me that's weird
how did I do while your 40s I got hit
pretty hard
then we're picking on me right here
Hollywood boy what you know why you do
this to me people Alex she called you
outro you guys know what makes me happy
it's time it's going pretty late at
night we got a second meal in the form
of tacos check it out it's just ready to
actually know you man again no Technic
with your tackle boost oh my god you're
going in broke if I didn't know you
since kindergarten X happy birthday
Oh birthday bad boys like you wait I
gotta better than cake yeah you're gone
if I didn't know you better I'd think
you were Mexican I'm definitely
concussion okay it is 11:30 at night we
are currently headed to Laguna Beach an
hour-and-a-half Drive because tomorrow I
am shooting the music video that we did
for the rocks channel featuring mom and
designers apparently it's like taking
place on a yacht in Laguna Beach oh
don't quote me but it's the restrictions
always yeah our hat here we go you guys
we have arrived I'm exhausted we got the
matter posted looking sexy on us guys oh
god this is bright I don't know why I
just didn't end the vlog earlier but I
mean that was real it is gonna be real
that I guys I gotta go
no gang I love you I will see you guys
tomorrow assuming I don't die my sleep
because of my concussion and do not
forget to subscribe if you are not
subscribed already and I will see you
tomorrow I already said that okay take
it invent this mega fail okay
excu bit
okay
