all right so I'm going to leave you two
in here to hang out I'm definitely
another brother but he is tonight oh hi
how are you good morning okay
hi I'm Eric where you go matter he's my
bird all right back back back
what are you doing wrong there's just no
pause anyways good morning wish I was up
my sweet sweet mother thinks she's a
savage wheel maybe she is like the
Maverick likes her more like why bro
come on he likes me
yeah I can't because you're savage maybe
and we're as much yes look up the number
one savage of them all it's my boy car
look over here
whoa he's being stubborn what are you
doing buddy to show the logo some love
Oh rough morning buddy I'm sorry let's
come on clothes going on calling you
okay see little tongue out no that's dad
nothing makes me more upset than seeing
my child said what but this is bad this
is my favorite part about having my mama
done I have to organize his life I've
reached it you I can't do it myself of
yoga dog this is ridiculous long
wouldn't even fit in here let's try the
moment choose money said he wouldn't say
that's a good way to give him a bath
not only does he fit I think he likes it
what is wrong what are you doing bro oh
it's obviously my dog is like said of us
all you said what's going on he's not
being himself but nothing a little
dancing can fix right maybe he's going
to do like dog puberty I've never been a
dad before so don't know but okay what's
going on today curly here I'm heading to
set for my movie valley girl they will
be my second day all you want to go
second day of the movie this is big day
like it's in a Molina scene today so
although I'm happy right now
I'm going to be saddened a little bit
don't worry close by I'm not so fine Oh
I think you're bringing back like to do
the right boy let's go to say yo I'm
here sort of I'm at base camp right now
but as you guys know my character's name
was Mickey movie takes place in 80s he
is the definition of a ChaCha
literally this kid is awesome but also
now I see my characters car my car and
all I gotta say is oh my god oh my god
it's a Bronco a yellow Bronco the tires
are so clean the rims are shining a B
after the movie is done I can buy this
car oh how stupid that be okay that idea
is on the back burner let's go get ready
we got Bobby oh my god no no no I'm not
recording hey can I pause real quick
what's happening here hon Jim is Mickey
coming soon or is he back what a lady oh
I got my tennis wife I feel good okay
Mickey you're so fine you're so fine you
blow my flower because right now we're
actually going to test drive the yellow
truck we saw earlier for safety purposes
to me I don't know why I mean you guys
know that you watch my vlogs looking I'm
a professional job over oh my goodness
there it is there's my baby as you guys
can see a lot of people coming along
with it okay so they're playing this
really safe everyone has these yellow
vests on so don't get hit by cars and or
me because as you guys know I'm a tree
but obviously I don't have to put one of
those on because my pale skin reflects
the Sun enough oh sorry
safe community you guys do that
that is not a closure this mobster
officer kerrie right here though make
sure we are abiding by what our permit
said and what is safe for both us and
the neighborhood already way too much
going out into the road everyone should
be on your sidewalks on the North Way
which is nice it's a nice row feel like
I'm driving like a giant spongebob does
it drift now yeah and I was going to do
that so that was dope but just like
every other toy in my life I don't need
it I would really like that car but that
guy I love waiting to shoot the scene
right now and it's really interesting
because this movie takes place in the
80s so like besides my car it has to
deck the whole street out in 80s car
that's an old car that's an old car
that's an old car that's an old car then
this is our set right here and this
scene I have to wear sweat they have not
given it to me yet but it's like 90
degrees I kinda like the angle okay but
yo I'm I wanted die bro no bro don't I
get hot so easy when you're ready bill
you're me make me do it bill I'll do it
oh I was naked Oh God yo I was hot like
me I guess he did kidding uh who I'm
good I'm good I think today was a good
scene got a busy falling wardrobes gonna
hate me he's a really dirty ground I
think it was a good day to do a little
bit of an emotional scene but even
though I'm a man it's sometimes good to
display a man like that that was sad
anyways now y'all we are going home for
some real fun dude so get ready for
symmetric but first my baby oh my God
look actors it's been so long why I
don't mean what I know I got makeup on
here uh yeah look that's what happens
when you're an actor kissing buses okay
so I feel like now's a good time to tell
you I tonight I'm doing an overnight
challenge in my school bus I have been
wanting to do this for so long I'm a job
my baby once again
and I want to go to the store get some
sleeping blag blag why bags flashlights
etc obviously I need to do with some
friends and I think I have a couple of
months my boy is on the road again
anything let me have a job you like this
oh my god who's when you learn who's any
letter you school that's coming through
window get it hands in the wheel cuz my
blogging
oh my god bro guys this thing is
literally like driving a cloud a giant
clouds are delivered you to education
who's taking a hard right now you're
cutting across parking lots I don't give
a damn we have arrived at our
destination this is not sponsored you're
welcome target oh my god feels good to
be king also one quick thanks mom I'll
be right back maybe don't move good bus
definitely gonna need one of these I bet
people are going to look at me funny eh
cuz i had this haircut and because i'm
vlogging for you know what's crazy about
that i don't give a I do it and you
know why guys it's because I'm a
maverick son i rep baby let's come okay
it's time to go on a little shopping for
some bedding sleeping bag like this
bitch up with some lantern some fire for
roasting marshmallows marshmallow
roasting six marshmallows more stuff
more some more stuff some noodles cuz
noodles are dead and wine for my mama
some drank for the boy it might get a
little stupid okay guys we got a lot of
stuff and I'm loading up the back of the
bus I hope I didn't break you and
there's some low gangsters with it
yo what were you guys singing when I
cost you help me help you
I know what you're trying to do cuz I
don't got a clue no I ain't no Scooby
Doo ah no I love it
big news the video just hit 10 million
views got good news for you this may be
the last time you see this bus yellow
makeover time time you had a good time
you gotta be had a good job alright no
no no I gotta run the circle
alright yo nice to meet you guys I love
the low get low game like thank you need
to be a mountain boost on D'Angelo's I'm
go home now okay now we are back home
and we are working on getting some
friend into a decent job so far
you do much this is opera bro this is
okay come on stop it
oh we got my mom she's a savage loophole
marshalling in description we got
maverick repair we got my boy car we got
my boy John no overnight challenge in
the cool bus first I've never sleep over
with alright oh you're feisty today
huh I think knowing oh yo how do you
know your boy good job never come down
come on donabrook ooh good good hi guys
we were walking to the bus I parked it
over there we got everything we need for
the ultimate sleepover hey those are my
pants my mom's wearing my pants but yo
you're a savage you can handle he's
fitting in my pocket yeah probably cuz
you're not designed to go there yo he
fitting drives away and there is our
home for the night yeah Oh
sick I love the lights on classic Loki
Kong's first visit in the cubot yo buddy
come on in here that's my boo help you
guys so obviously rule number I move
your hands rule number one is we gotta
get some legs in here I bought some let
it move your hands for their light like
that the stores are in yo what are you
doing bro the last one wasn't my hand I
was a dick hey I hear the lenses we
gotta get these set up
where's this winch with the switch open
Amano you only got intruders what you
doing man well now I I keep going don't
want you to go we're gonna have
intruders all night oh my god did you
get here we have a toilet i Logan we
have lived this bus over Lancers it what
the you doing bro and it is
literally lit ah I'm vlogging we did at
the same time how you doing how you
feeling I'm good hungry
Yoko we're set we're gonna get some food
let's order the food to the bus like
it's our home yeah I like and they'll
come visit with a good while you live it
in a school girls leave
mmm trying to get some pizza
pika-pika the pizza place is right
across the street under 20 feet
visibility under 23 I kids throw her in
at the front door the pizza places like
that
hi mom what do you want pepper alright
stop not I still think we should order I
think we'll be funny to get the guy's
reaction Oh Sheila order to the bucket
yeah mom sucks what you want yo uh froze
so I just trying to make a good vlog I
just think his reaction be funny like
why are we living in a school bus tour
mom are you really texting what you want
I'm still doing it again I'm still doing
this with some special notes in here
across the street in the bus you like
come in the bus it's dirt yo come on you
guys are ruining all the fun you're
ruining all the fun I'm still doing the
guys for the Logan all about that
content big that's really delivered 25
minutes I'll be so stubborn bro I don't
know no rule number one always this year
guys okay guys I'm excited to say my
order has been placed mom what are you
doing mom mom what stop you're
done walking I'm ending your vlog
forever okay I'm sorry
oh by the way how is it possible that a
dog is so cute oh my gosh
oh wait I know why cuz my boys in the
loge a hey mom stop huh
what are you barking at my boy what's
going on what's up Junior
bro I told you I was gonna happen what
up G ha oh he knows we got a little
gangster yeah
tonight we're camping on this bus dude
Oh for our open ice challenge be like it
subscribe cuz I'm so sorry I'm waiting
from a pizza and a goddamn cigarette
oh you got the party pooper at the party
pooper hey I got good news and I got
good news in with the good news I
brought pizza and a new friend that's
gonna be with a fireman what wait what
hey dude why is he so quiet because he's
like yo who would actually be sleeping
in a bus right now as far as a low gang
row is he really saying with us like a
bride just don't know you that's the
thing
yeah well hard what I mean is you can
you talk you talk about let's date to
get specialized you talk okay what's
okay can save hi guys man I'm just
trying to make good content I'll need it
what did he talk why don't you talk why
is he talked he doesn't talk go potty
Kong
story I'm gonna take care of you and be
a good dad go pod we're doing is awesome
sir oh my god you're a shame for you to
also wear for the dog off I just see a
fluffy little butt what are you doing on
the gross why are you talking my dog
guys the night has just gotten started
and it is an interesting one
he went potty like a good dog or did you
get dessert yeah
oh my god yo this is joke bro anyway
this is why I got the noodles though
because I know these are going to be fun
and occupy me in Taizo board over there
that when your food is ready they'll
just wait you I ever do anyway cuz I got
summer delivery Mugen of a country
Christopher country beautiful and such a
 wet noodle yeah where are you
Jake Paul with your disney comedy bro he
must be hungry
my buddy like really appreciates you
coming in come on come on the bus
we're having a good time what's your
name I'm good Jasmine is crazy because
he made such a big deal about this and
then he has to go get a ticket and now
he missed it so that's not her dad Ben
let me introduce you the crew this is
mama I'm George
Logan Paul's on his way this is JD cost
too much you gotta because because it
was your piece all right this is perfect
why is she on the pot we're not
kidnapping you I don't think I don't
know no honest to god if I knew postage
is just cute I would have hold up wait
wait you are really cute
what the heck that's awesome I take for
you to stay on this bus although I'm not
kidnapping rose did we weren't no Mackay
nothing
I am I hurt you yeah you heard me but
the camera I heard that you I miss it
bro no cinema blog this is a book which
is in Marana Sora's ration you too
yeah you don't know who he is that's Jay
Paul you've heard of the Jake polish
down boy down it's a pretty shirt bro hi
Eddie - G - my name cutsies got the
pizza yeah I put on the floor with you
he's just really upset he missed it
don't stop talking
yes ma'am good work George he's still
not saying anything no it just means
honestly more people and alcohol let's
go yeah yeah okay anyways oh yeah
welcome to the party guy read the
calzone you got ordered I'm post me it
doesn't come with the bus no you gotta
order it what is this the calendar comes
with the puzzle nope mm oh yeah are you
eating my boys leaving cuz there's no
calzones at the phone oh wait the vegan
pizza ain't got no vegan pizza bro well
how much is rent through one night on
this bus they don't be at least five
dollars my stock is going up and he's up
well doesn't member for a second I know
you can't really give me a diet I think
I don't know I'm like a dad hi boys we
digging me out here we go yeah
I got boy I'm talking that good good oh
my gosh oh no oh oh they almost ran over
my camera oh god we got Jake Paul
not oh it's great okay take this and
prosper yo I love it how everyone's were
in low gamer stroll let's go yeah check
it out there's a girl you divorced when
she had me
high so yo what's the move
what's up we got a bus we got the farm
we got the squad oh we go one bed well
don't look behind you bro no up above
the seat broke no mark get up and look
over the seat bro true sleeping bags bro
I didn't do the math right on the 90 we
don't our middle son yeah what what wait
hold up no no no you are you guys
usually later to edit why why to
bankroll you got for me wait hold up
you're just gonna leave him with me bro
he didn't talk take it none come on bro
like no like I don't know what I'm
saying bro you're making me so nervous
guys my boys my boys oh okay
oh it turns out you're leaving all right
bye guys I guess hey divorced parents Oh
what up I'm drinking up this you might
have don't you cook we're going to talk
don't worry mom I got some wine a little
bit classier than straight vodka I so
I'm gonna leave you two in here to hang
out you know I'm definitely another
brother by the end of tonight we'll call
Jolokia and he'll be the leader of the
locusts I'm just kidding I'm not leaving
them alone
hey well it stop stop stop what happened
here why do you have the wine and why do
you have the handle vodka vodka was
always your mom's favorite don't hang it
doubles and s'mores we're not divorced
parents come here MA dreadwing this
mm-hmm
yeah is it dumb to try to do this out of
us yeah cool let's do it
oh hi guys were roasting marshmallows
instead of blood this is everything I've
ever dreamed of I think we're doing it
but we're roasting marshmallows on a bus
with like divorced parents this isn't
crap
how does that when we want to put it out
you know hello gang I have laid out the
sleeping bags it's time to go to bed
are you guys ready to sleep well I'm not
staying
what yeah things do goobie what do you
want you to do you came on vacation bro
at least I have you mum no I'm out why
you know the splatter mom when you get
it renovated with the bathroom Elston oh
my god it's like my guys deal with the
system and I buddy just me a new Kong
okay so no intruders come here we don't
lantern going on and turn all missing a
snack doesn't take my shoes off your
eyes this is enormous amber I'm designer
trying to make good content and everyone
this means I'm getting in my sleeping
bag Colin come here color with me rope
everybody come here okay low guys I'm
going to sleep I'm gonna try and stay
into the morning okay guys this is just
freakin crazy
if I don't live um if I don't make it I
just want to say don't forget to be a
maverick and just like it comfortably
I'll see you guys in the morning
good morning y'all kong-kong ha ha oh my
god what he's so cute
come on out buddy it's time to go home
oh my god yo that was actually dull
screw another oh man the boy had a
little cuddle session to my cool bus I'm
happy this is awesome like legit this
place is a home dude and it's just
beautiful like there's people outside
but I just slept in my bus I could make
this place my home which may or may not
be happening makeover coming soon I
don't know okay guys this is weird but
that is the hall if you're not
subscribed make sure to subscribe to
join the low gang because as you can see
we are late if you want to wrap the
family as well I said this a thousand
times you can get your merge link in the
description Logan Paul calm /op maverick
do things that other people don't do
II's it ha lo que I love you and I will
see you tomorrow
tickety-boo
Hey oh-oh-oh
