spring for you my son and a dance class
together
they have two little dances II know when
I feel like it was a powder window but I
can't defend a good morning okay what
clop you guys today is war directing and
acting in the music video for my song
help me help you featuring why don't win
a huge huge huge massive TV actors
relocations this is day one tomorrow as
y'all I'm doing a vlog Jill Matt Lauer's
day - Oh guys know this ah last night
was actually my first night sleeping in
this apartment a same rose survived some
pretty good campus Jayant balcony I got
me my houses instead of y'all come hello
hi how are you oh yes it is today at the
music video help me help you
featuring why knowing what because you
can't sing no you can't you're no you're
just a parrot man right man I gotta get
ready because it looks like a hobo
alright alright I'll talk to you later
but showered off guys it is almost go
time and I'm about to head to set as you
guys know today's can be good so I
brought some help my eyes and ears
that's my boy they even got me don't
worry about it I told him I was going to
be stressed and I needed this to be seam
line brush streamlined streamlined and
seam lines I thought happened oh yeah
it's got everybody just to give you guys
a little behind-the-scenes and all the
stuff that goes down I'm on a day like
this cuz this crazy guy okay right now I
am currently publishing the something
different music video publishing those
live do not forget we want to fly one of
you out here to hang out with that say
we I mean me and the why don't we boys I
feel like the music video make sure you
follow me on instagram at Logan Paul and
and why don't we music on Instagram from
gege to this oh my god okay guys
location numero uno we got an elementary
school is that my boy
oh you're watching something different
music video a little
guys I literally just got here and since
we are late as my new video shoots I'm
being thrown right into this so it's
time to get directed well let's go I'm
about to get makeup on is allowed inner
time I ever ate in my life I'm ice cream
I've got it go subject changed in my
mates all the girls not talking hey do
you guys saw the costume that I'll be
wearing today
get it bro I'm making mini attempt you
did be like this like the whole videos
like like yo yo I'm out stick to it now
let's go everything bro give me back my
guys vs. is sovereign this is legit Road
I'm sure we are ok yo so the first time
is almost up this blog leg is no joke I
literally uploading yesterday's vlog
right now ok and we are LA alright so
Logan is getting ready for his first
shot we got the cameraman I'll suited up
for battle right here
we have no kicking bet y'all say look I
look more moral than you you make a joke
I'm going to make this joke
yeah blows the oh good yo send me a
funny video for you to say I'm going to
guys know we were in there we had you
shot like there's any time it's grown
the pools focus meaning if you're
focused on me or like background music
job bro
literally knocks over senator I've
worked so hard to do you guys where
everyone here is working so hard to make
this happen and like you show up aside
and you can do your job
I'm not going to cover for you that's
just my logic maybe I'm an asshole
definitely not so fun in the day bro I'm
on your maybe not ever
we do it a little motion with the shop I
think it's time to bring our Lee Han
it's good nothing some of it is by the
giant poster by me you guys ready
publicly which one these female actors
music can you excuse me mister about
Shay Mitchell what's up Paul thank you
Paul Toby Paul actor entertainer
director writer producer next how you
doing James well kill that while you're
here you haul it are you so smart didn't
make me nervous
what's up thank you
oh my god right yeah we fall I once
again
have you ever seen a minion dissection
never never
that's all I want to connect shit nigga
hi Georgia I think you monster not
exponential
nope he ran against your blood already
review therefore I feel good I feel like
a minion upper neck no helmet down below
if you want to run object errand boy
late possibly that you know that if you
guys didn't notice the missing hoodies
actually one of the Logan always luck
always play a lot of now I'll be taking
over from Paul Logan holes what was it
whatever his name anyway their location
number two which is the college
auditorium that you guys saw last never
I have some news in my inbox here
Jeffrey you're gonna like this they are
trying to kick me out of my current
apartment already
well I've slept there one night why one
night let me read you want CC&R is
violation whatever the no resident may
conduct any activity in their unit or
the common area that is for business
commercial or non-residential purposes
mr. Paul is conducting activities that
is for business commercial or non
residential purposes he advertises
closing at the end of this video which
confirms the filming and posting of this
videos is a business enterprise for him
and not just recreation when it moves I
just wanna let you guys know this just
because you guys saw this is literally
the first night I sleep in my apartment
sometimes guys life is out to get you
but you know what from Scripture guys
we're here and I'm also hungry as
learning I'm not to start chewing on you
brahmana I'm gonna be over here I'm so
hungry ducky but I just said I'm hungry
boy really a practice everybody food in
my closet if I can get kicked out it'll
get all no dojo Romeo wants first
homeless sexy many ropes
Jay Mitchell dull bride the engine
gotten more intelligent I'm a lot to
drink this salad dressing cost a mere
Arabic odd no last time I gave you my
arm you put a staple in it I don't like
that I want you this right is any you
want to do better figure elsewhere oh oh
I don't have a stable just a
photographer with it we didn't believe
Oh oh my God look at this food from oh
my god Joe Giudice Mitchell's Oh what
does that do oh I'm happy boy I got my
food you know what
no see
I'm just a person Daniel stop attacking
the whole squads here we got
management's right here we got Brendan
right here
do you guys remember Joe ah what is it
les personnes white no I squeaked them
bro I'm a pg-13 general expensive
monetization started involved my
monetization Oh since YouTube is a
business for me as outlined in my
document saying I'm getting kicked out
of my residency tell you I would he tell
using videos anyway super salesman I was
pig latin
you speak fluid pig latin yeah
Youngstown or excited I'm like serious
okay so maze latencies help it so it's
just bullshit get involved Raza first
letter to the end and I a what do you
know how to do this I don't
kind of look big guys in it what do I
say always o'clock watch carefully never
be never so no bonus okay would you guys
watch the music video comment if you see
this llz how much you're looking in the
house an extra guy I just got a baby
oh gosh I I thought me attack we're
taking a cab a I wanted an epic shot
wasn't and I brought it rode into a
college awkward follow me to share our
love it was love yoga it's a full-on
helicopter drone that can carry I'm not
kidding it by hung from that thing I
went to literally I bought and bought it
my dads are holy you're just buddy but I
like Jake helping me the camera is any
that cam is not that big bro what if the
drone gotta be so big rope
whatever you say you have nothing to
worry about no she is everything
right okay number three let's go guys
all together this is the dressing room
and we're gonna be shooting this to pass
a like 12:30 a.m. put there's too much
sugar
guys that have bad news the minion
costume has to go it's coming back
tomorrow
but it has to go now don't the status
deserves you get that Rotorua knocking
on the cake with it so again a good day
for music videos every day for birthday
because after service is over
it gives us up down the road looking
ding they can solve Rubik's Cube butter
Thank You Joseph I was there lining up
what other things we'll get to later and
it's not the singing ha ha ha she knows
y'all ready to see that ever
hey Mitchell would digging you guys well
yo did you see it you sing a song that
was the you guys you're diggin a
frosting gadget yo y'all tired yeah oh
oh oh no this again I'm not talking God
I'm talking like the thing with you I'm
gonna be popping out of a pile of girls
looking good look like you're always a
sorry student regardless you still look
good yo cuz look what happens when I put
the camera low yeah like like I know
exactly I have what is it anyways you're
looking good talk about your pants
perspectives okay thanks I mean I was
like I'm tired any question what am i
sawing a shoe okay so the Logan is
currently getting covered in cloth and
he's going to pop out up for this video
how you feeling Logan oh that that's
good that's a wrap on the day everyone
yah we grinded a wonderful finish for
the boys you'll bring it in there boy
solid day one Shay Mitchell is Delta 3 1
2 3 J that is it guys oh my god that was
quite the day my man you you saved my
ass
closure I got yo that's my boy right
there Brandon North I will see you
tomorrow morning bro I'm tired from
passing out hi guys let's go upstairs
you okay we are here I'm whispering
because apparently people don't want me
here come on guys don't don't kick me
out guys it was like I said fun day I'm
not going to talk too long I'll get like
it subscribe and like it subscribe
I'm freaking tired looking I love you
and I will see you tomorrow to forget be
a master and I was a maverick sure but
always be America I take these behalf
good
hey you know plug yourself you know it's
gonna do it Oh what's up so well my name
is Zack Han and his name is out why
don't we put logan paul vlog no I get
out you know that's not at Logan called
