oh my boy Oh Celie uh good morning okay
with Papa damn it's gone you guys last
night I'm in Vegas see look there's me
in Vegas and today I'm presenting at the
Billboard Music Awards yeah yep Oh God
it'll be fun I need to find my voice I
need to take a shower I need to get
clean I need to eat food see right there
I got some room service
that's gonna be cool to eat eat eat eat
eat eat that food so I'm gonna do that
get ready to kill the date then put on
my outfit and become the sexiest man at
the billboard Richard it sort of what
why I'm getting read not the sort of
guys I'm half naked bro these are spicy
I see a tuxedo man did you really just
order room service to my room I thought
that you still wanted me because you're
you know I finished my cuz I'm a savage
hey mister this is not his room so if
you could take that and go to his room
so I don't have to clean up his mess I'd
be great yeah yeah I'll take room Joe's
room say I'm just gonna ignore what's
going on here and continue my vlog we
got a black shirt here looks like outer
space it's so black oh my go away is
that star hey we got the secret sauce
I'm talking the special one I'm talking
to one girl who look at me and go what
jacket bro this puppy right here Jeff
tell me about this jacket this is Javon
she's Jim Harris diwanji lip LT is your
partner folks I called Cleopatra whoa
like a savage bro yo and I'm a savage so
that's fitting bro like body's being a
maverick you're standing up oh you're
right I'm gonna be like everyone else
you tell yes you I love it
yo I'm not gonna show you guys the full
thing just yet but this outfit is don't
we also got my boy Jeff looking at a
your name's job and yeah and if you guys
noticed the room service now became
elevators different about taking my
phone will do work in the city oh you're
a savage road you gotta say girl
and rush the outfit his girlfriend
Hannah dressed me like this was not this
was not either of us we don't know what
we're doing with our life but she knows
how to dress her boys this is the police
thing I'm a grown man's dude emails and
eating breakfast in the elevator on a
way to go to the groom he says you left
and we're here but it's just another
hotel room yeah see bro now you can eat
your room service here it makes sense in
the room yah yah yah yah yah yah yah I'm
sorry guys so I'm getting my makeup done
I practice my lines here it is you guys
ready it's big social media has impacted
music as much as it has every other part
of our lives
yeah then I have some more stuff with
that right there that's the base that's
the foundation media has impacted music
just close to me you ever fly back to LA
guys I'm done with this Hollywood thank
you you so sweet I'm going back to Ohio
social media has impacted music as much
as it has every other part of our life
for media has impacted me as much as it
has every other part of my life now from
where the I was there Mac music as much
as a hand in our pops social media has
impacted music as much as it has every
other part of our lives
Wow I feel like now's a good time to
tell you I'm running for president in
2013 I am she's give me a thumbs up good
to go me when I beg of artists hard you
just met Logan this please Dylan ever
hung over I'm the Puffin
what makes you think I'm such an ad yeah
before we head to the arena we'd have a
little bit of time I'm gonna take a
little snoop and Lapidus I'll see you
guys damn it oh that's so good I did the
awards my bulletproof vol with the boy
it look likes Todd Ambro walk thanks ro
hey all I'm saying is we got a
good-looking group of guys who are now
ladies watch out social media has
impacted music as much as it has every
other part of our lives
guys I'm sorry I know I had a long night
I'm like trying to make myself up wrap
it up it will help the hangover it
really really oh well in that case no oh
that's a sexy stadium bowl oh my
goodness so many people the only bugger
on the red carpet I don't give a damn yo
looking fly bro so many nice people I
love everyone how many red carpets have
you guys dinner first
I'm honored to do it with you it's gonna
be a good ride for you boy can I tell
you something I'm a color blind but I
don't think this carpet is red it's not
help me help you
girl what you tryna to cuz I don't got a
clue oh no I know scooby-doo help you
cuz I'm hungrier than you I got so this
is the row of all the news outlet what's
up rock guitars bro that's my boss so
guys this lady's keeping me hustlin
broke she's her publicist we can see
husband Andrew yes I get you a blast
publicity bye
there's my boys looking good no there's
studs look why why couldn't I be that
good-looking ruff it must be nice bro
gotta make up early can someone just
tell me what's the secret to being so
good-looking like how do you guys do it
bro is it genetics is it like hair cut
like what is it my mom and dad maybe
like their son my mom it's genetics it's
got to be genetics bro here's a
shout-out to my mom and dad for not
giving me good genetics I love you yo
here's the thing
dang I have to be used to all this
Hollywood stuff guys I'm a boy from Ojai
I barely know how to tie my shoes I
don't know why or either letting through
sent an award here whoo guys I'm
sweating we're walking inside that's
enough trust for one day you guys know
how my team of publicists are though
they also represent this guy with the
legends bro BTS I'm actually presenting
the award that you guys are not remember
them right so if I win I'm doing this
good luck guys not to touch ya damn bro
that is sexy like a second hundred
percent you still like the Hollywood
like walking carpets and stuff but I do
love this part of the event where we see
all the artists before so stages right
they were sitting there are years ago we
were like oh my god you're right of
progression I don't haven't been yet but
on the way bro on the way yo you know
what I just realized this is a music
event and I don't know if I'm gonna be
able to actually use the museum
copyright cut are they gonna fly my
content if I record the performance no
no right thanks for responding just let
her just having a conversation with
myself sick want to try guys when I'm
presenting to throw in a dab a little
dad like I'll do something I like the
itch of my nose like little thing but
this is very cool also I found some
looking stirs a
how did you guys get seats up what's in
the front are you presenting an award
yes oh I like you you're funny you're
funnier than me in my own block oh oh
gosh is my girl hey Alexandra hey sorry
oh so you remember me you don't remember
me it was my whole day together for the
rocks channel I need to thank ya it
doesn't I mean there's nothing really
happening so dozens that crazy anyways I
was just wondering like like that date
maybe like you change your mind
so sorry so can you
yo now I I'm a big fan
no about me we'll see you later so
that was cool Alexandra is really
excited to see me by the way guys I feel
like I should tell you that those are
fake we're actors you know so sometimes
it's fun to just play oh yeah one day
I'll take you on a real date probably
not anyway doesn't my boys looking good
wait a second is that Amanda you are so
beautiful me he catches I got you joke I
bet if I asked a man on a date she would
say yes boy one shining on that date and
tomorrow night at 8:00 I'll pick you up
well I just want to let you guys know
okay pay that's my first Billboard Music
Award I was up there and you guys are
like right near the front you guys are
killing it knuckle-touch down the line
down the line down the line down the
line dad oh no I did not want this I did
not want this they're gonna steal my
girl bro if she hooks Jackets game over
don't hook jack don't know jack no no no
goddamn minutes until the show everyone
is taking their seat
meaning I'm gonna stand Sun God it'll be
the only one like dancing my ass off
during that I'm gonna photobomb DJ
calots photos it's gonna be dope
they're about to start the show they are
about to such a suit hey this is fun
right so I love this event
oh I'm Nikki oh my gosh Oh what's
happening yeah I get copyright you guys
Dickey's up there I can see her with my
eyes I wear that outfit to bed every
Tuesday you're funny when you guys watch
you don't notice the commercial break
here everything stops for a second what
look who's sitting behind me I just made
a song called healthy help you can hit
it though he's on iTunes for a dollar 29
Lincoln discus always blood like it
subscribe yo would you guys want to see
his song Logan Paul Diplo feat logan
paul stewart bill logan if you want to
see songs we do comment below if DJing
doesn't work out for you you're out you
already made him ready but like you
should be a you to pick wait a second
that's not station that's not dj khaled
i can tell i'll wait a second terry is
up the bad DJ Khaled always running away
you don't like you decide you're
freaking me unload this kid I'm having a
 baby
Oh life is good life is good guys there
you guys it's my girl it's my girl oh
the cutie my Lisa I love this girl I
love her
guys I think I love her
finally I'm sorry I have to do for the
fog good I missed a team of savage
savage oh my god no soul bro
I'll never forget you balloon here we go
there's a good home for you I'm glad
brats goes into work pizza you know what
Tom you're not in the categories but I
might say your name you might win I like
you I had Bank oh you know oh my god so
many people in so little space six foot
two 200-pound shots coming through the
water around thank you
Kyra autograph nothing damn it oh yo I'm
starting to feel good guys The Hangover
knew it stood no chance against the
chimp backstage this is what they call
the green room everyone in here is
getting ready to be superstars
especially this guy filming me
snapchatting vlogging death tube like
and subscribe hey guys I don't know if
you know what I am presenting with the
girl she set the curtain Amy oh I don't
like to talk today story left you know
uh I wanted to see that I've watched
your stuff for years I don't I've seen
it for years this is a long finish
I'm surprised to the first time meeting
yeah yeah now we know where the other
need to share really special hugs for
everybody I think we have to go practice
what we're saying so let's go
yeah okay go for it okay social media
has impacted music as much as it has
every other part of lives which is why
this next band goated vote in categories
receive over there's my girl guy
Alexandra why won't you go on a date
with me it's so good what oh oh I've
been I've been practicing yeah I've been
practicing all morning social media has
impacted your change in today cata grass
not non Godin I think go to glory it's a
good I drops to make the whites of my
eyes pop drop me BJ that's your no man
so it's like it yo this is amazing i
spice up this award show bro let's go
I'm making a scene I'm making a scene
she's now oh it's toke time we going
backstage oh this is dope bro this is
intricate back here is it go time
yes to go time I'm gonna put the vlog
downloading I love you is just like
social media has impacted music as much
as it has every other part of our lives
which is why this next fan voted
category has received over 300 million
votes ion 360 is changing the game with
their incredible the Billboard Music
Award goes to
yo the boys won there's guys that was so
Joe knows so much fun now John Legend's
5 the arena is beautiful this is good
days you had
we did it we joined them beautiful it's
an amazing guys
whoa Vanessa Hodgins
we gotta exercise
oh I was dull mr. woods
Oh should I freak out you guys good yeah
everything amazing yeah fun right
oh how to do you were amazing you
actually really really really oh hi
Paige oh here uh well at least I snuck a
dab in there before we go I want to get
on the stage go go go everyone is
Waverly innovations and oh my god what a
day Oh yet another day of just maverick
stuff you know what I notice also about
all the celebrities that perform they
all are legitimately map they wear
different clothes they actively they
talk differently they believe in
themselves in just beautiful anyway
Scott remember yesterday I promised I
was gonna give away this iPhone giving
me this phone ro okay I'm giving away
this I thought to you guys well it's
going down iPhone giveaway this is an
iPhone 7 plus it's beautiful plus it
comes with this ion 360 camera all you
have to do is get some maverick merch
from Logan Paul calm slash shop link in
the description that way you get to be a
maverick and be get a dope-ass iPhone 7
plus with the 360 camera but also last
little thing I want to say everyone is
tweeting at me saying oh Logan I saw you
on CBS are you doing this are you in
that like thousands of tweets oh my gosh
when you walked on stage I cry and I'm
so thankful for you guys the low gang I
noticed when I walked on stage even the
crowd and there's low gangsters and the
audience went crazy I'm not even doing
the I just walked on stage so like legit
man I love you guys thank you for that
I'm gonna probably go get wasted tonight
again uh and also like subscribe if
you're not subscribed because we are
literally the best family on you too low
gang I will see you tomorrow
su bit
