today's the day you guys I am starting
my movie valley girl today this is a
movie that was transitioned me from
Internet stocks to traditional Hollywood
actors have ended I'm just oh hi MA oh
hi MA you may have beautiful hi I'm
looking about you beautiful dog guys
unfortunately we did have to put him
behind a gate as you guys know he's a
little tough to potty train well y'all
probably I don't want to do it either
this is the saddest thing in my life
it's just you're pooping on my
thousand-dollar rug that's all your
little stole I no puppy I nice like he's
in prison
Ron being the cutest little thing in the
world bad yoga matter
that's not boy hi buddy hey what what
what what what good morning baby
how you doing got your mom mom yeah I
love this podcast I really do but don't
forget the Lambos coming soon and bless
you and I mean like for a half run hey
mom mmm you like my hair
Yeah right okay listen
valley girl told me not to cut it
because the first thing I'm doing today
is actually a hair test goodness they're
gonna give me like 80 tears we'll be
sharing it walking too much razor walk
into much island I got my own trailer
and I'm just a chacham Ohio my name is
Nikki yeah my character names make my
grandma go go oh my god our grandma's
name is Vicki welcome to my trailer my
super spacious 4 ultimate smashing oh my
god get get I got it he chose these are
for my agents at CAA I Jack Paul and avi
I love you guys thank you they're the
ones that got me the audition for this
movie I won't let you down guys are just
out for tricks oh oh did you want
something from my mini fridge or perhaps
we can cook something in my microwave
well how about some music once a musical
my radio how about a TV cuz we got that
mop we've got to
really in the morning effect and we got
here oh that my problem that my state is
it off it's the script in a hardcover
book valley girl like totally a musical
LP that's my initial ah forget love
y'all I think it's a car no I think it
is a car I don't think they would have
got you a car so quick oh oh give you a
girl it'll suit you Bob
this movie is actually a remake of the
1980s movie valley girl and pretty soon
I'll have my own valley girl poster
anyways here's a more Logan my question
our boom I yeah we take mom along great
you guys this whole thing is actually
food like from my sweet mother to that
trash can over there
also I'm pretty confident that like none
of the crew or like even the actors
maybe have seen like a crazy blogger
like me running around the rod aka
vlogging aka that blog line so it's
going to be an interesting adjustment
getting all these people used to this
and you guys the Logan but guys this is
Kim obviously she's a be are you happy
now ma you do what you're done now okay
it's your job to make me look sexy even
to make my hair look sexy yeah yeah I
can your hair not you I got a do that
myself oh I trust you Kim Oh Mickey
you're so fine you look so 80 really
like don't worry about a giant forehead
and receding hairline that you gave me
because you gave me two genes I don't
have a receding hairline not you guys
think I'm doing that a lot this morning
I'm doing with I saw the Deaf nad know
I'm gonna do it anyway hi guys I don't
know what happened but they decided to
change my hair you know how it is
Hollywood instead I got makeup on yo
what do they not look you know I'm Nikki
but oh you must um I'm gonna get naked
my penis gonna be a long champion here
yo this is I got like I had a hair room
and I have a head of hair before this
this is something else but anyway today
the first scene is prom day and by prom
damming prom night this is my outfit
sexy shoes are gonna change into that
start looking like that one
how'd you get in here mom what wait wait
wait before you answer that don't move
oh my god inception here we go number
one gotta take out the maverick sake bro
the matter sock bro must you smell that
yeah oh wow look at what happened here
what oh that's it here and I had a
peeing in the middle of night and I
kicked the door the worst part was that
I did it on purpose because the door was
something shit oh okay I don't know why
Sonia Mother's getting weird but here we
go
I'm all right now here we go dumbest god
bless it
hey oh yo guys this outfit
I'm definitely starting to feel like
Mickey I first was just the hair I was
like I don't know bro but not with this
whole outfit out I'm like hell yeah I
did just set in the passenger bed do I
look like a kid you had a crush on in
the 80s told him what I really could I
feel like Mickey's a stud bro you did
I'm definitely out here in Atlanta
you would have been what on it I think
that's what I said I think that is what
you said with the one okay guys this is
the set for today it's in a house mom
this doesn't look like a movie set down
you're welcome we're hiring ever else we
have to do why because we're shooting
right now it can be a how to people as
you can see like moving pieces you don't
have to kiss a girl do anymore
yeah I'm a charmer Mickey's a charmer
currently getting miked up guys I
changed my hair again look it look at
bro
you know how it is Hollywood and stuff
mom expect I think you look really good
no it looks good up okay I am in the
bathroom I'm really nervous guys like
it's my first they seen in my first big
Hollywood movie I just want to ask you
this is what I was born to do bro I've
never been more prepared than right now
can I show you something before I do the
same real quick it's kind of kind of big
news guys camping dude what is this a
we're on the trending page on YouTube
here what's up
oh no wait Logan Paul help me help you
featuring white don't worry yes again
our eyes YouTube trending page right on
the top there's your boy I'm pretty
little eyes are Shay Mitchell Logan
Paul's new music videos again 2.2
million views in 24 hours you know why
we are such a powerful family their
cells are inside not me and you because
we're blood related I'm with the low
gang like guys we freaking rock looking
for life fast mom's you know right where
you wanted to be on top
I like that mom always even when I'm so
much Oh drugs can ever to clash two
hours later I'm still doing my own voice
oh fish yes I shot my scenes it was dope
you how we do Bell announced last time
bro and yeah big movies big lectures
check this out we got the veggies we got
the cutting board we got the Rizzi best
fried fish meat pasta oil mac and cheese
sausage feed corn run more rice corn
bread passion fruit smoothies do I even
need to say how real the smashes yeah I
do and I will I definitely should not be
eating also I don't think I'm used to
this hair you do have you lived in the
80s and you had this haircut um why
oh oh I got it okay guys I'm changing
into my next outfit this one's actually
pretty cool this one's actually but I'm
just going to show you oh you boys a
tennis player go I'm also just realizing
Mickey really likes why do we just agree
one second here is Mickey races know
what Mickey is played by me right Logan
Hall and I deem Mickey not right so ergo
Mickey is not right literally just had
an entire conversation about racism
blogger itself there is no one yeah my
mother's laughing advocates you gotta
slow down set yo this is real life bro
what do you have to all got some
delicious chocolate cake here oh I can't
do it but I love you I'm looking at this
one so fruit with a little cake bro when
you say it like that no low key two of
them guys the devious bro up got one
must be nice bro must be nice
hello yet another outfit chain number
Bogota swag ready oh my god I love this
move trust me guys in the 80s Mickey
would have been the kid that ever was
like oh my god what is that I got in
everywhere what are these bro think this
is a camera is this other vlog that's it
oh wow oh you wouldn't know the logline
bro can't imagine I could you girls with
this bitch I am stop touching the
problem not mine oh hi guys your boy
Rob's a good first date kind of slow
bustle and I just realized this this
thing I got no no full content today so
like so like this is where as a youtuber
and actor I struggle because I want to
entertain you got to love hi how are you
just screaming at my camera vlog left
you in the Lotus yeah guys I'm just I'm
not sure how to finish his blog but
savages always have a solution which is
why I am outside of my brother's house
yeah when it's out come Jake wall looks
like I'm going through the back like we
did the other day that's what she said
yeah yo I feel like such a creeper but
yo this is content bro I see my dad I
see my mom I see girls and no Jake Paul
where is Jake Paul good problem
how would you need Mickey did I let
myself in the back door do you see my
boy so fine you blow my mind hey hey
okay I stopped the disco going it's a
song of their generation they love it
where is Jake ball a prank blog right
now on what I need I need some content
is Jake not here if you're not here go
you have an idea I think we have a plan
for some content
okay this was Erica's idea and I really
like this idea
you work for Jake but lately what's the
situation
lately and honestly so why tell me why
could use a shot well no not just living
with all the boys like you and too much
not being very appreciated not not being
appreciated like the young intelligent
respectful woman that you are here's a
mom and your daughter okay exactly I
know that no and over here in average
media we respect women we appreciate
them so here's the plan
when Jake comes home you got to tell
them that I left okay but you Eric you
tell Jake that you changed your mind and
you're coming to work for me okay and
I'll just be like I'll be hiding in like
a cupboard or something is this gonna be
believable like because you've been like
kind of sour lately yes sorry I just
normally talk about everything I know
did you notice your mom always talks
when I'm clearly pointing the camera G
like you
that's okay you guys know why you know
these two right here man I'll get
savages
when Jake gets here take him until like
his office or something yeah I'll just
be in there like posted up hiding the
box so much there we go he's here he's
on the table
this isn't working at all just do it
anyways just do it
yo yo back up back up
look what he did to my wheezing that's
exactly how it was going to be so easy
bro it was gonna be such a chill but
you'll break but then now I got you on
camera saying this is a second pair of
shoes Ebru
oh but if the first pair of brothers I
had one is making smoke I'm keeping my
shoes yeah my mom on time I've been
dodging shoes I feel bad that were
chosen yeah we're reckless I pretty sure
you knock that camera over I got it on
camera bro I have expenses yes for
living that other family problem because
and guess what this savages being Jake
Palmer's happy honest with you yeah yeah
I came over here to hang on no content
bow yeah you wants that all that egg how
do you do it
well you gettin your old squad which new
machine team ten sucks
no I hard 12-hour day on set and it's
dark outside and I don't have people bro
all I have is a Pomeranian at Concord
savage on Instagram
dog is that what you talk about guys I
have a confession to make guys Anthony
did come up with the name he did a guy
yo I have an explanation I told him I
got a dog they made fun of him said his
little bitch dog kind of true I want to
name him like Zilla or like Spartacus
and Anthony suggested like Kong I was
going through Instagram I kept changing
the changing and it stopped I'm calling
two stabs we want to change anymore so
like I got an even contest at now it's
great so it's like it's kind of you know
that's no it is fate
that's how life works but that's why I
got Kong in the first thing what I'm
still doing it okay corner oh yo you
know it's dope they don't know what
we're about to do
oh they have no idea bro you guys gotta
keep on watching
oh it's fun we just we plot and I talk
about some next-level redo next go
I need a thumbnail caught my brother
picking his nose no that won't do that
maybe use whoa easy is that a giant rat
trap no way he's gonna do it no he's
gonna do a rat trap Oh
what though Joey's you think no he's
dope I'll do it hold it hold it hold it
hold it okay why don't you hit that
Larkin I'm using a bistro yo I'm leaving
I'm leaving here here's the thing well
here's the thing
singing what change it and just be like
I'm changing Taylor like Jay Paul stuff
let's goes like anger problems he'll
give you away yeah yeah like it's not
right I had yeah but we're still gonna
do something though no we're actually
gonna do something oh it's just not
gonna happen yet hi guys after a long
day I am home I took my mom from Jay
toss to that place is crazy right boy
Congo is my boy melody more importantly
no but go home
papi I dog hi puppy did you miss me did
you marry me oh I love the joys of being
a dad but you don't have to take care of
any other poop on anything
hello game god bless america that is of
law I don't know what that was today
guys one day cute day thankful for my
real-life teddy bear and the big thing
that Jake and I were talking about
wait I'm actually going to stay for
tomorrow's luggage which by the way I'm
flying on a private jet to go to the
Billboard Awards to present an award on
Sunday so you boys going on TV
presenting awards astara yeah and I'm on
the private jet with the white so my
boys yeah anyways guys if you were not a
part of the low game do not forget to
subscribe and I will see y'all tomorrow
take it easy boo boo Thank You bitch
Hey
