that was a camera summary hey whoa hey
yeah what a yo good morning love gang
what's up I gots it today we were flying
to Kansas City what is this what the
heck is is knowing that I'm opening my
blog did you what are you doing
wait why dry my hair wait why do this
beauty doesn't come easy if you guys
have a parent like my dad maybe we
should like start a clear hooky
anyway yeah guys Logan Paul versus
American Ninja Warrior taking place in
Kansas City so we're flying there today
with the squad what force that's a
growing boy you guys know this I need
sustenance kill this is hilarious a
wheel what did you come up and say to me
I think you're looking for
no no but everyone says that they say I
look like him exactly what I notice
Irina said yeah but the difference is
the difference is look at my eyes like
you see no you look exactly like you bro
that kids a child if it was me I tell
you what I gotta hide like it was me I
tell you oh my god look yo this looks
like a heart attack waiting to happen
also good morning Kimo Linney Megan so
let me just kiss you
no I kissed him on the cheek as like a
friendship thing cuz uh that's my boy
meanwhile we have your other son Jay
Paul kissing his best friend's on my
mouth just sayin just sayin yo yo it's
her birthday yeah
happy birthday pay attention folks eggs
for protein bacon because low-fat
granola cuz I'm a serving more eggs cuz
I'm a double seven okay so I got my food
and look what I see yo this is my dad
has taken vlogging to another level
Jesus what is he doing you what are you
making them say stop stop what are you
making him say yo I hate this so much to
you are you disturbing hotel guests then
no they're saying I was hot
oh they must have loved your hair I
think I think I think it was I think
we're going to get hotel security
there's a kid stalking us no just a
picture of me thank you all of you oh
are you thinking of us you're gonna be
in it I'm down for whatever gonna be
into this right here what we got here
this interesting boy right here yo hold
up hold up hold up I see some serious
potential in you bro take it away you
better vlog hi TJ stone tonight no clue
what I'm doing like and subscribe to
Logan Paul vlogs I can subscribe one
would think that we are going to the
airport cuz we all got our bags and
we're headed to the car but no we're
you're hiking first at this place called
the arches this is my version of an arch
and also a little head look who it is is
banded okay anyway this your bag mom
this right here is from me and the
entire low gang there's only one way I
like to put bags in cars yeah oh blog
caught that yo we were driving we see a
full fire extinguisher right there Betty
I'm gonna do it bro
oh god no better we need to do a speedy
getaway okay cue the intense music
baby god bless america you didn't crazy
this is if folks arches national park so
regis go inside that was just weird a
given one sec we not used to take
everyone's leg dad dad give me one sec
dad give me one sec blue makes it all
about you all time no one does i just so
violent shooting
we're just dude driving the car so go
first up first up we're not all doing
Kate I don't know about tema back there
second up out right damn bro even though
my dad is cussing at me all the time
this place is beautiful this might be
well this must be why they cut oh shut
up shut up stop we don't care even
though you have a son named who's oh
that's my favorite piece of history on
during the history of the archer for the
past 30 minutes we still get to enjoy
this even though he's babbling about
stupid watch they will like it just show
up in your pictures you act like it's
been fun you learn photobomb you look
great as far as you spend all your fun
and there you go home showing your
friends your slides and there's invoking
fall as you continue migratory birds
yeah what is the best model I've ever
heard yo this arc right here that that
looks like a penis 100% after seeing
that piers archetype thing I'm gonna
make it my goal to take a picture with
it it's not an arch
you're a steamer called a penis tower
you know what an arch is boat can we
just stop bullying Logan guys I we're at
the arches I just assumed okay we go
balanced rocket UPS man we're like one
big happy family going to check out a
very unstable rash AG relatable is it
bad I don't want to be that guy but is
it bad if I give the rock a little tip
yeah I know hello guys we're gonna keep
our minds out of the gutter here but
this resembles the shape and this kinda
looks like a butt crack and if you put
the butt crack next to okay I never mice
like God put like two little horny
teenagers together it's just go for it
here's what I want to know who is the
guy who was like yo let's put this giant
rock up there and how did he do round of
applause to that guy let's get to the
arches
so go you'll be running around in
circles with my heart on your head
don't drop it so that girl govern a
little safety after me to going crazy go
stop it
oh my heart hold inside it's falling
don't let go hold it close Marlin yes my
heart goes oh my
Rose come my brakes slow that's what
it's paid for this my
goes oh my rose code or my heart rate
slow that's what it's made for hold my
heart all day
tight is falling holy close don't
so how you feel boys looking at the arch
I'm pretty inspired it's inspired right
looks like earth dry butthole look it
look it there's an arse here and then
there's Timo doing whatever the hell
daddy I'm supposed to be getting behind
the scenes I think you guys would rather
see me then Logan so that's what he's
good
no way am I looking at a tumbleweed in a
realizes like that thing that blows
across the road when it's awkward
i'ma get it oh my gosh yo it's a
real-life tumbleweed we gotta use it we
got to do a cuisine shop with it
Timo you gotta say the Opera thing bro
so here you're gonna get in the middle
the street and say some awkward my
cousin just a tip though fucking christ
but if he's drinking early dare you want
a shot we got the Kela take you with my
cousin just a tip though it's ready get
it across the screen
take three once I touched lips with my
cousin just the tip though cause I don't
care push you're broke push it
yeah and I'm looking yeah y'all so worth
today
there's only one way to go low gang and
that way is up hey so yeah this is just
a one-mile hike it's fairly simple we
hiked all the way up through here
through these like paths and then all of
a sudden turning this like giant rock
hill thing how does this happen like how
is this made I'm assuming God was just
like rock he'll see go good jump to my
cock yeah yeah you see Timo that's how
it's done
okay I'm John
oh look a flower the only flower on the
mountain bennett like this
thank you so much I got you bro that's
what I do for my boys that's beautiful
no stop what no what did you use what
did you do that again you guys disgust
me yo I actually did get my dad a gift
but I'm gonna give it to him when we're
at the top of that alright guys we're
almost at the top
oh man how you doing you my boy that
flower will give you energy
yo this is getting real badass guys you
feeling about it
Betty nobody cop still the loudest
person in this state but I don't give it
back Oh our first Oh grab my hand
Bennett I got you estimable yo this is
turning into a really cool thing and as
you can see I'm walking right on the
edge because growing up my dad always
told me if you're not living on the edge
you're taking up too much space
oh we're at the top guys this is lit day
this is freaking dope there's so many
people here oh so beautiful the views
are great we got an arch of my favorite
part we got Bennett hey okay I want to
get right there I want to get right
there I would want to go here but my dad
is making everyone give him a high-five
and also making Teemo film hey you're
missing me dad no joke guys like I feel
like we could be on planet Mars right
now right like where this is really
gonna shut the Martian robot has many
buttholes but this one's definitely nice
is the one also I just want to say ours
has a lot of responsibility maintaining
so many but yo how sick would it be if I
could just summon all the low gang here
right now like we could just take this
whole canyon over I wish you guys could
be here have you done but maybe someday
looking for international tour wow this
is the spot bro we're on top right now
hood just gotta get a good grip good
legs step up here we go I'm not trying
to talk so imma be the king of the world
right now I'm Pro check this out damn
son Utah's freakin gorgeous come on up
dad I want to give you your gift room
for both of us here dad wait wait I'd
better go mine no no I got you you're my
dad I love you I got you a gift you did
first off look around this is me this is
me a new father-son bonding all right
yeah on top of the world yeah you know
just you being a great great son as a
gift enough what about being a great
vlogger that's a great gift to thank
yeah so the other day at the airport I
told you something about you and I said
you're special and I bought it for you
oh no way I did because you're special
you did that's my dad right there guys
that's a great gift dude thanks man you
seeing this my death I love that yeah
you're special dad and are you love you
I think you're special
it's my new keychain pack yet let's go
take a sexy Instagram picture down there
with cool landscape pictures like this
you usually have to take the picture
from far away which I don't love so I
think the only way you'll be able to
recognize me is if I'm doing the splits
hey so you boys stretchy right now in
the middle of this kick feels good
though overall like I feel I mean I'm
definitely in the zone
uh-oh check the socket this arch is sick
bro life is a magnet
it's like a line for people we're just
telling them please guys how are you
heck yeah you're a star baby you're a
star
okay bye you still star yeah so uh under
the arch right now I feel magical I'm
not gonna lie look at this oh my boy how
steep is this steep steep steep right do
you trust me I do I know he's gonna
trust me and we are leaving the mountain
my dad is still making people
high-fiving for his vlog but here we go
okay y'all we are back where the
tumbleweed and now we have a four hour
drive to the airport and then a flight
to Kansas City but so Benin's me right
now what Robert is saying it's a little
awkward that you're being so I got a
tumbleweed
goodbye Utah goodbye arches I'll never
forget you because of our jr. now before
we head today hi how are you hi looking
good sexy a he's gonna say before we
head to the airport your boy needs some
more sustenance oh we are a small town
and by small I mean small this is our
entire crew aka currently the entire
population of the town this street is
like a I've never been in the town like
this yo this whole trip has like put us
in the middle of nowhere like they look
there's just vacant buildings and and
half of it is abandoned this is like one
of those towns that you see like zombie
apocalypse movie it's frickin weird hey
cheese are there ghosts in this town you
forgot no way I knew what does this
sound called helper Utah helper that is
terrifying ever and one white lady hit
oh I see what this is that kind of race
no it's not a race issue Oh Oh cuz ghost
ghost or white is that we were saying
races alike towards it assume go server
white wait
Whiteface it's been around here for
shield white person's so this is
warriors fall chimeric they're looking
for the point you have grandkids do they
subscribe to my vlog channel oh please
it youtube.com slash logan paul vlogs
always plug Oh Jeff exam card no I'm I'm
a millennial I don't I don't use paper
oh I like you guys I like you guys a lot
you guys are my new friends help for
Utah and they're helping me and now
we're at a place to eat check it out and
we are the only but they open just for
us thanks to you yeah you got her what
did you say did you guys miss I started
yeah I showed her my head man she was
like wow that's beautiful I've never
been in a town like this
this is the stuff you see a movie we
might be the entire population of the
town this is amazing oh my god wait wait
the girl that he's talking about was the
one I called sexy in the car which makes
me think that I was probably the reason
that we're allowed in here world
silliest family jokes ready your dad
what does your dad Oh does your silly
family joke
GUCH bitch Oh yo miss Isabella call text
me Cindy I think I called you sexy I
think you did I think you need glasses
no you got the most beautiful blue eyes
Thank You first ever bite of small-town
food I got a Reuben sandwich you ate
yours was good
well like was it made with love good
absolutely oh my god okay here we go
no yo oh god it is so good you don't get
sandwiches like that in LA dude this was
made with freaking love compassion
ghosts Bennett yeah ma anyways I'm gonna
finish the sandwich and then we gotta
get to the airport so Deb Trans sure Wow
okay we didn't make it to the airport
but yo I posted on my Instagram story
that I'm here what's up guys yeah good
touches hey hey hey you guys all from
helper yeah this is crazy this town is
so small I thought it was just these
guys me my crew we should take a giant
selfie are you down let's go I'm just
gonna go like selfies down the line cuz
I do gotta catch a flight I'm going to
Kansas City logo ball versus American
Ninja Warrior always blog but yes
helper Utah we made it to the airport
but I do have bad news guys
unfortunately we are splitting up
look see you know you know you were
leaving were splitting up I oh uh yeah I
guess th-th-this Timo - Timo we're
splitting up as well he's got to go back
to Germany just give me a sec Rose my
dad
we're like it blood-related and stuff
dad I'm gonna miss you man I'm gonna
shoot you open at 11:00 is Timo
honestly don't tell me okay so all jokes
aside I am splitting up for my boy come
here bro yeah that's a weird noise but
okay why you going back to Germany yes
min schnoz Abaza miss hustle bustle
McArthur what the Palpa you know that's
not German looking you're not German I
am but and you you right there yeah I
owe you a couple thank-yous one thank
you for risking your life with me
seriously
hey as a father that's my job this when
I did sure to thank you for bringing me
the cool bus my cool bus that I'm gonna
lose the cool bus was so cool here's
cool right it's go bus and three I love
you dead
look you two
and what else I want to thank you for
that keychain you're special
best of that
it looks so bad man looking great
I'm really not a bad guy I'm really not
what happened
okay
if you can't erase it and embrace it hey
good news guys I'm not a terrorist
let's go hi guys if being accused of a
terrorist was not enough I just want to
open this straw and look at the top are
you kidding me bro like how much how
does one drink through this straw would
you say can I get the shoutout you want
to shout out all right shouting you
Channel bro shoutout logan paul vlogs
yep
and also shoutout to Logan Paul blogs
again
all right
thank you normal what is this you
look at the tip of this straw bro how am
I supposed to drink out of that you
don't you can how can i bro invited want
to do it for me
sure
never dick I got it daddy
haha got it thanks for that's pretty
dope this has been the most Awkward
encounter of my life I think yeah all
right good meeting you girl oh you too
my man
I love your channel hey I love you yeah
well thank you IP so me I don't know if
I was weird
okay guys I'm walking down the aisle to
get to Kansas City and I just want to
say huh wait a sec yo did I just wait
what I just transports in Kansas City
and check it out guys it looks it looks
like a city in Kansas Kansas City bye
guys that is the vlog these next couple
of days are gonna be what and I'm sorry
for the late uploads guys traveling
makes this so hard and by this of course
I mean that vlog my passion about yet
sometimes the Wi-Fi sucks at hotels and
it's like it's 1 a.m. right now and I
have to upload footage to it such is the
life I choked
cuz low gang I freaking love you guys
I'm gonna get you your vlogs you will be
entertained with that said if you're not
subscribed make sure you subscribe and I
will see y'all tomorrow
take it easy fell
su bit
is that the sinner was a him no like
checking out the town I'm like oh they
need to move out
I appreciate earnest appreciate I think
yeah we do helper help me help you
always plug Commission
