good morning okay wasabi yeah we
survived the night in the canyon to
squad Israel what's left of the squad is
right there the tent is right there and
let me just say you guys know this last
night all assuming the footage has been
uploaded was chaos bro it was cold it
was windy who's gonna die straight right
now
I kid you not the way it's so still out
here like nothing's happening how does
it go from death and nuts and road death
nothing birthday where life is amazing
anyway speaking of death today today
haha today's the day I could actually
die my dad and I he's right here did you
see you can see him because it had
shines in the light reflects off his I
heard you see him saiga-12 lovely hope
for them over to my what's poppin no
game so today we are high wire
slacklining on a wire across a canyon
it's not this Canyon
so it's none of this canyon right here
but you could see the chance of death is
very high look that is why I love this
show and that's part of the reason I do
it life is all about challenging
yourself and doing stuff to make you
better guys cuz look when I walk across
this Canyon and hopefully live I would
be more of a man I would be stronger I
would be less fearful than I was before
aka I'm out here being a maverick son
let's go we supposed to let everybody
know that when you actually want to
slack line it's a stunt oh no at first
off he's lying I think he's making a
joke for his for his vlog decking off I
don't do son doubles okay I do all my
own stunts I'm Hollywood bro we mean me
to the door my own son just because they
can't find anyone to look like you that
right like this movie girl what's
happening hey yeah bet it did it yo bet
it's like a kid in a candy shop I hear a
Lucas guy right
no money no numbers Dan this feels good
guys and I'm not good all night you do
better we can do VIN you crazy brother
Jake suppose he prepares the sky cables
and the action is oh I was seeing a mr.
diver okay look at me I could defense
that yeah so we're gonna wait to the
sunset to do the slacklining if it just
looks better when the Sun setting right
like imagine me like dangling over the
way you're probably dead the Sun in the
background yeah which means your boys
got the whole day oh what the friend is
walking around here is random ass wild
GoPros laying around
okay okay be quiet but if you look at
the GoPro appears to be taking a
time-lapse of this what am i doing for
anyways yeah we got the whole day to
hang out practice slacklining a little
bit more I'm head back into town except
you're staying here what are you doing I
do rough you savage say that day like
you have any plans I mean I might but
I'm a sandwich I can't tell every but I
might go find somebody sock line with do
a little practice yeah okay I'll see you
later Club all right there's my boy I
know you love you too if I don't die dad
that's true but don't die yet we'll die
later when we slack on can I just point
out that this road looks like the
perfect row that you could dump a dead
body on look to the left there's nothing
except Bennett if you look to your right
there's nothing and if you look forward
to just change us because I would know
I've had a dump three dead bodies and
they were all haters boys and girls and
anything in between I am back in the
hotel I look and feel and smell like a
hobo
before I shower is one thing I need to
check the footage upload yeah I Jewish
are off and then do you want to go walk
around town yeah it's good row how many
knows um no speeds nosebleed yeah
caravans bro yeah you should see the
other guy man uh you know American Joe
sexy walk around Utah what is the first
thing we see what is that right now guys
are chanting they're chanting something
climate change is real I'm a change is
real oh this is dull bro one diamond
what English you want to join yes oh is
that yes
lime it changes real this feels good
lime it changes rich item hunger was
good JA woke up on a canyon participated
in a parade it's a good morning brown
eye so Bennett told us to meet him at
the quesadilla truck which is right
there and I see him broke look how
lonely he looks over there look at him
vote like why he's sitting all alone
he's so lonely hug by Sol only Venice
look at this dog Wow they have dunk dogs
if you saw hi don't you should be in a
movie
alright my show Logan Paul vs. available
unwatchable it wouldn't be as sad if you
weren't at a quesadilla tropics place
okay yeah please
Simpson by myself right yeah I did or
most people would you know not interrupt
hey that person probably just wants to
be better so would you come over here
legitimately signal is a glass half full
or half empty Bennett incident real
quickly
that's a little more than half in what
up G hey hey hey are you guys in the low
game are you low gang for life are you
out there being a maverick then get your
gifts from this guy is it weird watching
a vlogger in real life really because I
feel like this whole city is just there
yeah we're just hangin our now the kids
all kind of surrounded Bennett what did
you just say I needed a Vargas what is
that feel like I'm in the sand the sand
lab you guys seen this movie look at his
shirt you're killing me smalls showing
such nice boys i'ma get a quesadilla
quesadilla imma be emo I think you
should get the enchanted chicken because
your enchanted I'm gonna get the
southern belle because I don't really
have a good reason for that I think
Betty got the sweet and spicy because
sometimes like this morning it was sweet
at the time that man is spice give me a
name is pretty orderly let's do a Hogan
togas Kimo and Logan uh yeah
yeah that's for children that's also for
toga now I've experienced a lot of
emotions in my life I really have but I
have never been this excited to eat a
quesadilla oh my gosh look at this
beauty quick quesadilla montage
mmm this is everything I've ever dreamed
of really yeah that was a sweet side of
Bennett as you guys see I told you
oh there's much more confidence up we
can yield she's gonna vlog for me what's
her name hi you blog me eating
absolutely never blogged before no no no
super Sun what am i eating I got lucky
flow okay I love it hey what about this
guy right here
that's a spicy battle bitch ladies are
awesome have a good day so we're about
to walk around town first cause I'm
looking around here I challenge one of
these stores to not have Moab in their
title ie gallery mo mo mo lab mate Moab
style Hogan Trading Co I mean this one
doesn't say Moab but that H should
definitely be an L am i right Hotel Moab
dyno have Adventure Center I mean come
way too shaky
oh we're mo up you guys don't look now
but there's like a sick butterfly okay I
guess look now cuz I'm showing you but
look oh okay come back come back come
back no Benny nah yeah oh I think we
have some low gangsters behind I'm
walking faster how fast are they
what ah here to see you guys of course
did you dig a big dog accent okay hey
she's gonna die my daughter in love oh
don't think I don't want your daughter
to die are we in Moab couldn't tell the
signs besides didn't give it away Haley
is my Wells Fargo you gotta go no Bailey
really my locations been disclosed
currently at a cool little trading post
they got a bunch of stuff here they got
chickens on the wall they got get goes
out they got whips if you're into that
oh geez that got so close to me can we
play back
nearly knocked me I bought me sockets oh
my god Cabo ahead my man looks like a
stud other man looks like a stud yell if
to have her shut blah anyways was my cub
well yeah no I can't pull this off not
our hat I hope you found a good head one
here's a good one I like this one life
of that heartless I don't think so
walking back yoga's quesadilla mo be a
places pop how loud you are compared to
everybody in you I will say it is a
quiet town but those kids I asked I was
like is it weird to watch a vlog earlier
like they said no so all I'm trying to
say is Kasem Opia is the place to be
there's no better place to be than the
same exact body dumping road we were at
earlier help you up good for dumping
bodies don't forget guys the haters and
now we are back where we started this
morning in the beautiful canyons of Utah
it's slowly getting very real let's
cover get the reason I'm here is to walk
across a canyon on a wire this stick for
my show today is going to be a very good
day for me to practice what I preach as
far as being a maverick goes talking
about overcoming your fears right
pushing your limits and living your life
to its greatest potential I think we're
about to go down there and check out the
canyon that we're walking across so here
we go my god yo can you guys see these
wires right here bro where do you think
it what's going through my nothing in
our being it says walk out and a
one-inch wine except you know what we're
not normal to pulse the pulse let's go
have you picked a wire which one you're
gonna walk on deck because there's two
there's one in this too I think I wanna
go to the farm but we both want either
one but here's the crazy part is that
Susie wanna the line drop something
we're not - now you keep saying weird oh
yeah like you can fly I'm unable to it's
very hard for me but you're good at it
well I'm good at a refeed off the ground
going three feet off to grips what my
dad has tried to say if you were to
raise his energy a little bit is that
we're not used to doing it in up
sticking Canyon no it's three feet we're
moving back see how he's doing it yeah
you know what it's crazy in Cleveland
I'm three feet off the ground found it
I'm safe landing here not not to say oh
my god yo and this one's even worse this
is like safe yeah or like no yeah I mean
we're harnessing what if it snaps like
could that happen
technically if the harness breaks you're
screwed
you're gonna - in theory we should be
our in theory the Titanic wasn't
supposed to sink I know Logan uh detect
any think on my best thing the Titanic
sank on your birthday yeah Wow Timo
you're a real asshole I'm gonna go
inspect just how safe this is how long
till I get yelled up by someone in the
production huh
oh my this is so loser and what about
this we'll go ahead oh my god can being
held down by a bag that's sideways bro
looking a piece of wood this is just
great dude the canyon echoes oh listen
fat girl looking for life I'm not broke
out semaj bars
nice you guys so this is the view what
this is literally an inch thick and
we're of a canyon but you know I said
someone from production not my own dad
Justin you're nervous he's not yelling
at me I don't know if it counts okay
final coach Oh the fact that I'm gonna
be doing this oh holy guacamole so our
expert Heather is actually testing the
line right now she looks like she's
flying yo this is crazy you guys she is
a professional I am a judge from Ohio I
am screwed holy crap dude look at this
the person in me I'm gonna have to make
a suicide note oh no he didn't he just
fuses sound oh look at him just bouncing
uh it shows the same bro I have some
final things that I want to say okay
guys so I'm surprised this is the first
time that I've done this but I know it's
safe and I can't rule out like dying
what am i laughs so this is my goodbye
goodbye to everyone in case I die I'm
only gonna have someone posted so in
case I do if something does happen like
this isn't gonna go on the vlog uh
otherwise because actually I'm just
kidding you yeah I want a dramatic mug
that's sick anyway okay here's what I
want to say one I'm the happiest I've
ever been in my life right now
so if today's the day if God has chosen
me for this day so be I'm content I'm
happy and I'll be I've been going in a
beautiful place number two big thank you
to you guys the low game for watching my
stuff everyone who's ever watched a
minute six seconds of my stuff started
off on vine thank you guys you have
allowed me to live like a blessed light
and I appreciate that for
number three shameless merch plug but
actually does mean something in this
situation be a maverick I seriously
encourage you guys to do you be
different and follow your passions
number four I must kill this highway bro
let's go okay so apparently when you
fall which is probably going to happen
hopefully not all the way to the ground
there is a certain way to get back up
which I did not learn until just now
okay here we go
oh yeah yeah I didn't hit the ground I'm
so guys I want to sing a song describing
my current situations I am so far I've
never felt this high yeah so far I can't
sign for shit and I am yeah this is how
you prepared that you make my producer
walk on your back okay me next get it
who is it you guys don't know if it's
this is it it's almost Showtime oh this
is getting real bro this is real getting
real ice up you know what I'm hardly
confident I know oddly calm I knew you
were gonna do it I didn't do it yet I
knew you're going to because this fit
getting up on the line from sitting to
standing I could do it is the hardest
part Columbia Columbia with that muscle
did you try to touch my knuckle I know
but with that failed then successful
knuckle tight this is it guys the next
shot you see will be me attempting to go
on the wire low gang you guys know this
I said this wait wait wait actually if I
die now come back come back come back
this is important if I die bending will
you upload this footage promise good
come on you have to absolutely man
that's my lawyer I low gang next time
you see me it's go time
you
hey what's up lo que oh I hit team over
in the face I'm sorry I come on we did
it I'm not going to give away too much
you guys got to go see the actual
episode by the way don't hate me for not
giving away spoilers but I can't guys I
gotta save it for the show otherwise it
would just be like a big YouTube video
on my vlog channel at youtube.com slash
Logan Paul vlogs always close okay I'm
not gonna lie after doing this crazy
I've had it with this Canyon so I'm
gonna get that wrapping up the team is
all here a and also
okay that got out of hand quickly but yo
that's why I love this team night okay
and that is the vlog low game as you can
see I'm ending the day like I started
today looking like a hobo yeah oh oh hey
I appreciate that grateful a I'm proud
of you I know I don't say it often but I
am your my dance doesn't party too long
tonight
do you want to do my sign-off tell me
like and subscribe don't forget like and
subscribe okay now you got to say I take
it easy fab piece and then just shake it
easy piece now you gotta get hit the
camera take it easy please
hey no with the head about oh you got no
hair no hair
