I thought we were gonna die on the high
wires what I think we're gonna die
tonight dude I have hypothermia I can't
feel my fingers yo sure I'm 30 miles
long ready hey hey good morning okay
what's up
so we are in Utah right now it's the
first day of Logan Paul vs. highwire
slacklining with my dad who apparently
thinks he's a vlogger it's like when I
go to the store you're holding a camera
they're like you can't videotape I'm
holding a freaking camera just because
I'm holding a camera so how is it like
that at all it's like that zero like
that negative one anyway today we are
going to the canyon that we are going to
cross and do some slackline training
which is good because I practiced what
you guys saw I fricking suck in the
instructor he said I gotta practice like
10 hours a week practice zero who
Christmas can fall to my death
but it's okay I got this baby I'm a
maverick let's go
whoa can he touch I just would have
gotten me peace Teemo ready this black
light oh yeah so before we go downstairs
I just wanna point out one thing commit
correct well okay so this man convinced
the project how did they is I the
instructor that told me I need to
practice every day he was a dude and my
dad's I go this is really like Q
slacklining chick look babe so long
story short they fired the dude that was
originally coaching me because my dad
convinced the entire production team
that we leaves his hotner all the
teachers how to walk on a wire
nothing to do this yeah I just gave her
the name of a girl who knows a superstar
and she's really good and I'd yell oh
you're crazy about we haven't fired this
guy he lobs it up like oh this girl is
beautiful she's in this black tie
particularly fan
dude my dad's sad girl good morning
everybody
not you Teemo already say good morning
to everyone else
come on it Oh creep oh I see our new
instructors a girl that we were just
talking about if you look closely she's
over there you can see her right there
in the center of the screen
oh I can't believe my god that I care
about that's embarrassing oh my god
she loves logging anyway she's not
activated getting stuff out of trunks
but she is an expert at slagle and we're
going to this first practice area where
these two are going we're going to do
our opening vlog and then Loveland is
talking eat there be respectful hops
there a plum and his talking and then
that'll take us all the way from that
back there's two of you oh snap oh I
took it this is our vehicle for the
weekend check this out yo this is
heavy-duty so I feel like I'm going to
war yeah you feel like a man I am a man
okay then you can play music for too
long because you hit copyright shake
alright is it on that one cut out that
part about yo Kevin goes to the editor
okay you much there's too many cameras
going on you I see stop dead stop three
GoPros I can yeah yeah I'm excited that
it yuq me out let it go you're good
you're good looking guy I just realized
I said have it by the way guys this is
heather our instructor she's a savage
yeah I
she said she's okay she spends a lot of
time around a lot of guys I'm like no
I'm still giving don't worry what what
what could the merace
I'm not watching I'm just sad I'm just
saying bro as if enough of my life
already isn't recorded like why have
three GoPros what's up with the GoPros
Benny better are they yeah they are the
recording right now who tournament the
government is always watching the
government spend the night on the road
again
on the rugged road again damn bro this
place is beautiful
it reminds me of my brother Jake so you
know how you think you're a vlogger I
have a walk now you think you're a
vlogger mom mom also thinks she's a
blogger I don't know if you know this
this is my mom on Instagram putting my
dad's had to protect um are you mad bro
because her clickbait says he is so mad
ha ha ha ha Eli everything she's
prepared to handle the war with oh the
prank wars between my parents begin
dropping in the backwoods Moab Utah got
a dirt road in front of us time to bust
out a little country driving down the
dirt road
hey and I throw know where it goes hey
hey my dad got a big nose and hey and
you got a lot of forehead that shows
their true ha ha hey your destination
numero uno reached oh oh yeah I feel so
free without you guys you'll never
believe it bro but it's - Eminem's your
hair that's crazy you guys my life is
cold everyone is freezing their butts on
me
I'm smart I brought sweat pain oh ha ha
you'll get the Scottie I am bro I'm
pretty girl two hours later guys we've
been shooting all day we're not even at
the first location anymore but this one
is freaking dull like look at this guys
this is beautiful hot damn Utah you done
it again wrong you taught you or girl my
agent blonde hair by five seven I could
smash - I'm just kidding guys I like
also it's good I like blonde brunette
redhead alien ages no us no I've charged
the beauties on your site
sorry I tried telling you earlier the
beauties on the inside I know and that's
why I accept you because the outside of
this okay what we're gonna find this
campground where I see is that it over
there love is this a campground this is
what does nothing so apparently guys we
have like a camp counselor two of them I
think they're right there
tell us about like the rules and stuff
which we know I don't follow that guy
wow that was easy tasks is in charge
point this way anything that happened to
predict full ah
yo this place
move up good calling me hello going to
pass you love I love you bro I
appreciate that the love is passed back
hi I love you bye
okay no that's actually good bro good
vibes out here in the you top and it's
funny you're flying
yo tonight's gonna be dope why cuz we
can't around I'm talking some more than
us might even let you put that camera in
my face oh my god that's a good sign
I've known better for a while we've shot
a lot of stuff he is like a kid in a
candy shop right now wait for Woking
blamin right I mean look at it and
apparently we're not even at the cool
spot yeah thanks ah also guys I have no
if you follow me on snapchat or
Instagram at Logan Paul there's a good
chance you've already seen but yo my
little brothers - why don't we boys just
drop their EP but those of you who do
not know an EP is like an album but with
less anyways it just tryin to hit number
three on the iTunes pop charts look
right there bro right next to Bruno Mars
bro now given our beautiful location
check this I think you told me
appropriate to do a montage to one of
their new songs tell me okay the song is
called tell me sorry but then everything
I gotta go a monster I'm to be in
darkness I'm a shitty waster often you
get for my promise I don't give it away
to office I'm just
Oh miss me tell me away tell me where I
miss me what is it
tell me away tell me what do I gotta do
to see it go away
what do I gotta to be going well hi guys
we practiced a little bit tomorrow it's
gonna be you know above a canyon the Sun
is setting right now ain't nothing like
a good now we were pitching tents to
camp out let me tell you guys it is
freaking cold none of us expected it to
be this cold or windy but it is an
effective job rough code this is a guys
the whole thing together
hey are you cold come on don't worry we
got this is gnarly out here bro it's
cold right
cold and windy you look at our tech are
we little tent man oh my goodness thing
doesn't stand a chance to get this cold
Utah wind blow my shot everyone's
talking about what they want to do right
now I doing Greg just the Hoff oh my
gosh place is a mad bro oh I'm a movie
this is rough guys like you saying it
but like you don't know until you're
here I could feel my face when I'm here
I can't feel my face over fingers are
any part of my body we are oh the light
and the cameras I Bennett Verizon febris
freaking out bro right you got a crew
that's wanting to die not to screw with
sandwiches am I wrong you might be wrong
I mean I'm snaps I'm just saying that's
one cusine I call them as a thief like
really light your own shot so you should
direct perfect baby well something
different music vehicle constant always
always loud enough ten number two are
you guys doing
get in there get in there for Jimmy
go ahead for Jimmy oh this is a disaster
control everyone you calling me bro I'm
just one person I'm a vlogger I'm barely
a person what are we having for dinner I
got steak i order steak out here Nicole
Mary's right here for you what do you
want from me gosh darn it I will say to
take a look at this guy good see that
horizon what what what what oh I'm
vlogging brah oh look at Greg Paul
taking charge like the men he is this
one yeah or should I say
Hey nice work guys you guys got skills
bro I'm glad I could help you my light
brothers yeah yeah guys hey guys no
wonder his all just can alienate us
alive like I have no idea how it's gonna
rock you chose Bennett you're a met Leo
Katie's got a bigger rock okay lemme see
I rock yo-yo at it are you serious right
now I'm a boy and you're using it after
I panic that's what I like to do yeah
good job you're light this is awkward
bro but also why is he wearing his hat
like that I like you have a new thing
kids huh fate that you take note kid
Timo bro what you rock yeah oh god I'm
calling I thought we were gonna die on
the high wires what I think we're gonna
die tonight dude I have hypothermia I
can't feel my finger like actually
there's a honeymoon here why wait so you
got honey pots right baby cantina broke
stay healthy that one no nothing you
could say or do will make me that honey
bun so go I'll dog worried that honey
bun Swiss roll sometimes every knows me
too well I can't do it then when I
appreciate it here's how this is a prime
example guys of the vlog like being no
Joe this is what we do this I mean this
is it like here's the thing I don't have
a thumbnail or even like a title for the
vlog I don't even know how long it is
stop it I feel so bad that images is
bullshit this is no longer camping
brother it's just surviving us funny me
but besides me what you're complaining
I'm happiest in a candy shop right
tables and chairs like a Swiss roll
would you yo we got Swiss rolls and
honey bun my real nose you got on your
signal ready yeah weird you gonna shoot
the show are lesbian emo bro yeah how
are you are you dying you look like a
lumberjack caveman right now go girl bad
guys unless you're here I'm telling you
you don't understand so obviously guys
for this episode my dad and I had to
sleep in our tent broke can you go to
the hotel
oh yes sir you don't have to have enough
you gonna stop not brothers the jokes
aside broke because like if this footage
doesn't you uploaded Oh
like I haven't skipped a day in two
hundred days bro yeah like the powers in
your hands the low gang is relying on
you okay yeah promise me that's my boy
my boy all right bro also I need to do
my sign-off all right your honor all
right yeah i shaking exactly right take
the camera guys I don't know I'm so
sorry about this vlog I'll figure out
what they call it and title and
everything tomorrow will be better
tomorrow actually crossing the canyon on
the slack line I Timo take the camera
with great power comes great
responsibility
good party tomorrow primarily
all right looking so I'm back in the
hotel now and you know I got a safe as
well glad so let's see hopefully these
key words
all right so them you know I got you
take it easy
we'll see you tomorrow thank you big
nice toast
we do oh oh wow oh there's actually go
