no this is implies do not maverick the
Perry versus caucus
hey good morning okay good luck Joe
today is the day I'm talking maverick
versus Kong Kong Kong you ready to meet
your new hopefully friends oh you guys
hear em squawking out there oh you hear
that yeah I don't know about this for my
ultimate goal is have maverick ride Kong
like a lion
stop I'm coming what I'm gonna say with
some effort after all it's been my two
weeks a Oh big stretch day what about my
boy what uh okay Wayne uh it yet Kong
out there he's a good dog maverick you
gotta give him a chance buddy
we can't just change the subject really
quick I genuinely miss having you my
vlog you want to looks trim burn on the
planet
look at the diamonds on your ankle
maverick look how beautiful you are
yes that's what I'm saying bro you guys
gonna meet later okay I need to get you
together mentally prepared I love you
maverick I got stuff to do he's not
happy about it
I listen just give me a sec for my vlog
just give me one sec we're just gonna
have to do this time Kong he did not oh
god I can't have you guys I can't do
this right now I have to go to a skating
rehearsal roller skating or surfing my
movie valley girl get back to Hollywood
right in the grind so let's get our
cleanup oh my gosh Hollywood Boulevard
it's been too long
okay guys I'm rusty - this your boy has
to go roller skating which got me
thinking who actually like roller skate
hahaha barely me they asked me to bring
skates and for some reason I had this
got me like wow Who am I
looks like I'm a babe
yo look at this this is a safe space for
skating I can tell you in confidence
this area right here will be torn up on
the fire escape why can I do that
yo okay first off I'm a beast second off
spoke too soon these are ones they
brought me guys oh these are fiery his
wheel dust is no bueno except you touch
the floor yeah my skates kind of suck
anyways new skates time-lapse go your
roller skating is a thing bro but I'm
gonna be a pro by the time we shoot the
scene okay next on the agenda as you
guys know I have to lose weight for this
movie oh my god it's loud here grow a
lot of construction lots of people okay
anyway I gotta get skinny for this movie
and traveling for Logan Palmer's I'm
literally freaking out job Lee for Logan
Paul vs. made that very hard to eat
healthy so I'm doing a juice bus today
yeah picked up my juices here and all
sorts of good stuff that's gonna make me
nice and skinny probably hangry - yeah
but it's gonna be worth you know gong
Toki where's my doggy I hear my birdie
oh oh why are you whispering oh no so he
must have separation anxiety I'm coming
maverick give me a sec oh you came for
me oh my gosh this is crap I've never
felt this love in my life guys I'm
coming hi poppy hi I missed you too I am
look your new brother I give me a second
uh yeah I did Seekonk first that's
calling I know I know
look you're gonna meet him later and
you're gonna have to like it positively
hi hi hi hi I know you're so freaking
cute guys I really only came home to put
my juices away there you go oh my god
that smells holy oh no my precooked
meals have been sitting here for like
two weeks
darling this is what I mean us seeing
all these boxes which I will clean up
and gather and sort in the near future
however right
I need to go through rehearsal for valor
basically we're just going to practice
the lines a lot of valley girl today you
cute little thing I will see you later
car much
hey yo so as the timecard said
rehearsals were dull I'm not sure what I
am and am NOT allowed to vlog I'm kind
of giving the studio in the movie
people's space before to shovel cue
camera in their face regardless I want
to get fake grass to put on my balcony
for Kong to go to the bathroom on this
is me being a good dad bro I'm a good
dad we're also this is what I look like
right now this is me being a good dad
bro I'm a good dad oh my god it's like
real grass / sacred okay - Wow yeah I
got grass oh this is amazing bro think
they're going at it also let me give a
huge shout out to my people on sac you
guys know I love to say I love they're
the ones who hooked it up this is called
a love sake I love sacks action so right
now it's kind of all jumbled but in a
little bit this is gonna be one way also
hopefully I can clear this room out as
you guys can see I frickin love that
that would be completed later I have to
go but first hey bro you're still good
bro
okay good time baby did you miss me oh
my god this dog loves me so much I'm a
good dad Kong I got you grad you can
plan it later we can play in the
sessions later but I gotta go buddy okay
she got stay home
yeah cam here go look at this plane we
can work how we could play drums we
could sing songs that what is that at
the behind-the-scenes camera oh my dad I
don't know how to tell you this but
there's only room for one
behind-the-scenes camera I and it's me
in the loking all right I'm sorry you
gotta go for me you gotta go yeah it's
gonna be poppin I've been doing a lot of
music lately bro yeah guys oh wait why
am I here rally girl again today lots of
valley girl I'll do because don't forget
it's a musical that's actually like
totally a musical and your point the
bucket
Oh yo yet another song plays by the way
I look a bill not because he's a beast
and be my old apartment look guys it's
empty so sad guys but this is like you
know I moved on to bigger and better
things like this not this not this we'll
get to that later but talk about this
couch bro yeah oh my god bro yo I'm
chilling so hard right now bro this cos
love sack again thank you guys by the
way how did they set this up oh thank
you time lapse show a lot of time lapses
today I also got to say guys this juice
cleanse guys it's tough this is not
enough food food for a whole day what's
your boy gotta be skinny if I gotta be a
movie star but first I have to get pet
supplies for my boy Kong because as you
can see from stuff for me no no you're
not my dog I mean you're my dog just
butcher yeah but it's not my daughter
Oh y'all do you know what today is
manager Jeff what is it what is the
t-shirt youkai down yeah we always plug
exactly car
teacher Tuesday today's gear is always
plug we joke but this is such a good
piece of life advice like whatever you
can always well it's kind of run because
me talking about my t-shirts always plug
on t-shirt Tuesday is plugging in itself
so oh my gasps oh yeah look appalled
icon / ah poor link in the description
always plug baby and look at theses
60-pound anyway
turn up that door song you like cats oh
don't be such a pussy
look Kong with famous we made it on TV
yeah come on have fun tennis balls big
enough for your mouth it looks like
steak all around this is amazing he like
that toy boy put it real how can you
stand as long no he's cool anyways pet
camera here we go Oh yep made it Paul
come here waiting on it would you laying
that oh I think we have a winner ladies
and gentlemen guys honestly I'm kind of
stressful right now there's so many
things to choose here and how do I know
he's gonna like it enough talk a dog
shampoo what we got is this good yeah
you use this John Paul I seen it you
know I use that shampoo he might have
found another bed from my boy he's
loving this this one is soft guys it's
cushiony I can't tell which bed to buy
bruh he just goes and lays down in all
of them what do I do but first up I like
he's like testicle he just walked it oh
my god ro you like that cause you like
that Kong I think I could get this for
you little buddy I got you buddy yeah my
boy life is I going in the car yeah oh
we got ourselves a showdown ladies and
gentlemen I got $100 on Kong get him
buddy I'm good I got me look Hong he's
kind of like maverick but he's not no no
to you right come to you right yes yeah
look it's kind of like maverick Shepards
a lot uglier than maverick I'm not gonna
lie in a little bit you're gonna be
maverick don't forget by your maverick
March I'll always plug do you do
selection thing why are you eating dog
food if I take one of these four Kong am
i stealing bro yes okay cool Kong come
here buddy hey go buddy
like I stole for you there you go kill
for my child I steal for my child
damn bro I'm fighting a lot of stuff for
this little guy hyung you know how to be
thankful do you know how to say thank
you welcome people sleep do the corner I
got a gift card I gotta get Oh lunch
okay look he likes his bed guys I'll
call the back off of you oh you're the
king now you know what to do with it I
call well you enjoy your gift I do have
a sudden news guy winner of the contest
that I had with the why don't we boys
celebrating the music videos that I
directed which is by the way guys is
that like 2.5 million views don't look
at savage cry anyways the winner of that
contest has been chosen not only has
even chosen but he's here everybody
so I gotta ask you where you coming from
Hawaii Hawaii and what do you got hamro
I'm not a pineapple thing why why did
you bring a pineapple on some people
bring doggies some people bring baby
hits you
also let me point out yo i'ma go down
right here bro bro bro bro he's got the
message I got America sucks cuz we are
calling this and it should not have gone
nigga and his body has gone oh hi mark
yo first off I miss you bro it's been a
month also for the logging this is
usually third off bro you give it a good
time line maverick meats come oh wait I
brought protection from Avila Oh
question Blake brought a pineapple mark
brach gondola what oh that bleh you
wonder why don't have his rope stat3
what happens what why don't we want why
don't we put the condom on the pineapple
that Blake brah boys I'm done what'd you
just say
why don't we boys the condom challenge
with a pineapple you know this is tough
bro we're about experiment to go over
here on Logan Falls Channel
yo no way that cat dude yeah fine I was
getting pregnant problem oh oh that's
why my burden my dog yeah
this is it I got Madison parrot on my
shoulder I got Mark Toner behind the
camera I got my man Blake to my left
where's Torres no silver well I'm
nervous why they never met they've never
met bro and Kong barks every doll you
see he like Mavericks on his Instagram
lately and been like that's dope become
fast maverick she's gonna throw down and
one week joke that's it yo this is it
the final showdown maverick the parent
versus talk this is it bro this is it
not yo yo yo the chillin bro the chillin
bro yo yo chillin bro
Oh yo yo you guys are both silenced
what's happening yo they're chillin bro
I've never seen this before
yo uh-oh come on come on maverick me
come Oh yo yo yo yo yo yo he's
aggressive
no no coughs chillin bro maverick is
afraid of doing a palms nature just like
the Bloodhound to attack ah look at him
bro he's cool savage right now bro come
meet your new brother
oh never go under only give me another
time that's why are you running away
you're talking just this morning
okay honestly I'm happy they didn't
attack each other
maverick has been getting you suited
look at him by stepping so he's sitting
right now on Logan Paul's book naked
body right there I appreciate them ever
always plug always plug it's t-shirt
Tuesday ah wait
is it happening on its own we're not
forcing anything here take three oh
you're playing a little hide and seek
trying to get you okay hey stop stop
stop stop everyone calm down
everyone calm down everyone just calm
down everyone just calm down
I'm young let's bring out oh yeah you
guys are good you guys are good you guys
are brothers guys this is good look at
their job here's the version I'm
actually happy I see a future friendship
building this is very cool they look
content look like one big happy family
part of the low gang that's X average
you guys genuinely I'm very happy right
now my one boy my second boy don't hate
each other I see a long friendship
blossom a couple quick things guys do
not forget help me help you music video
coming out Thursday and I wanted to
charm through I'm talking iTunes number
one Sun to set your alarms Thursday
nights by the saw 12 a.m. est 9 a.m. PST
and ok click again 2nd cool the song I
made with designer for the rocks channel
is now out I'm going to leave an
annotation at the end that you can just
click on to watch it but you'll watch it
because this song is actually great
here's like a little sneak peek pretty
little saying you the one I love
whenever we kiss let me see it done
let's dance all night to the break its
own then wake up take it out of sticky
wrong I understand that didn't give away
much but I think that's the point so
yeah go watch that on the rocks channel
and then the video that I made with
designer on my main channel so many
plugs which leads to my last vlog always
plug teacher Tuesday get your teacher
Tuesday March link in description and
that is if the vlog loading I love you
all and I will see you tomorrow all Kong
you tired buddy
bye guys that is it take it easy van
I always subscribe and that is it except
one more thing did not forget to
subscribe I got another bamboo
Oh
like this oh my voice cracked I'll say
it again like this damn Anita cracks
again like this
