you're dead ask question like we've hang
out the whole day are you down to be my
new roommate we got ourselves a Monday
we wanna hit the week hard I'm talkin
gang stop type hard I'm with my boy
upstairs what's poppin fam nothing like
that banana bro yeah and I just point
out something I cooked breakfast just
now I realized I have no silverware
because I brought it to my kitchen I've
come just walk real quick just think and
realize I have no silverware because I
brought it to my house next door this is
how I have to eat my breakfast right
here bro right here bare hands
oh my oh I'll tell you what there's
definitely it's humbly eating with my
bare hands you know I feel I feel
barbaric remember how about some eggs
buddy how about some egg yeah that makes
you a canon book because you're eating
at you know where eggs come from no they
come from Burt oh that's kind of weird
actually
okay little gang I'm showered cleaned
off ready to get the day started first
up I have on phone this can borrow first
up I have a phone call from my show
local pub yeah yeah just like wilderness
but we ended we started and ended with
the correct yeah oh man Jesus bro this
little carrot won't shot
it was my cool but I'm not five but I'm
in my new apartment
hey but y'all know this I suck an adult
by the way the acoustics in here are
freakin phenomenal you raise me uh
anyways this place is a mess and the
reason why I haven't furnished it yet is
because I don't know how it has a vision
bro like I don't know what looks good
and what doesn't like I'm a child I
can't see the possibilities like my
sight and vision for furniture
creativity is zero plus I'm colorblind
so I brought someone today who sees
everything it's all you bro I'm 71 okay
what you log says you're seven-foot yeah
but what
better seven foot vlogs logarithms ha 7
foot 1 vlogs you're so you guys I'm 6
foot 2 and standing next to this man
makes me feel so hot Sigma 2 you're
belittling me in my own crappy messy
apartment well ok bro can you help me
get some stuff today like yeah my
already got some ideas you do have ideas
I got some ideas that's good mark the
first offer no what's up with that
painting over there yeah this painting
we hung it up yesterday way too is it to
move you think it's great like this is a
great painting but like what's up with
the person on it we mean like the ice
cream dish better it's a friend of Mines
it says portrait of my friend 100 it's
gotta go
ok ok alright look at come on man most
important thing we got to get started
with yeah smash smash that's my boy
the smash fell overnight speaking of
smash what are these bears doing bro I
don't know I think the same friend that
was on that picture set it up set the
Bears like that anyway I'll follow me
for the smash this is my room that is my
bed we're going to unroll it let's do it
oh man that whole thing fits in that
little well for a giant marshmallow oh
my god that's a king-size bed I'm still
know this king-sized oh oh oh oh let's
get a good angle to tuck yeah this move
so you fit lay down bro
yo you are master here this is a
California King wrote this is crazy
I just want to nestle up in your bosoms
and squares we're going to get some
smoothies I put myself on a hoverboard
so I could be kind of as tall as Bo
almost there almost there I'm a growing
boy so that's why I need sustenance you
know you
I think you're probably done growing but
you still want smoothie I like so honest
my god you right okay okay now take a
left take a left there you go okay no no
let's go no duck duck duck Duck Duck now
walk forward there we go now stand up
and we are here you know this is amazing
before I've seen you in here I never
thought I could get my protein from the
top shelf can you reach it oh my god bro
that guy's on a ladder bro i actually
don't do this process could you could
put a per bag man I got you yes mam oh
I'm gonna get the rad butter he's a
growing boy have you ever seen to hunt
at all no well now you have oh my god
the smoothies have been delivered this
one is both up imma fix it Bo I got you
both see look at that
yours is the taller one yeah that's why
furniture shopping it goes in the front
because you 7-foot wonder how your knees
cut twist okay how's your head bro twist
well how's your spirit belt not squish
yeah oh my goodness gracious oh the
furniture in this place is incredible if
you go like I said though I don't have
the vision bro so tell me what you see I
can see everything
what do you see though that friend said
friend Bob will put the camera above
your head so we can see what you see we
clear out we see I can see stuff over
there Wow and over there whoa and after
Logan yeah I got the table for you so
good stay with me I need a cami the
party just doesn't make any sense what
it is come from me with friends well you
can also eat alone with I know you do a
lot funny joke bo you okay well I got a
joke bro I make jokes ready here I write
orange you glad I'm not gonna get this
couch cuz it's orange orange you're
gonna stop saying street jokes
keep on guys these are all these are all
like little bits by the way don't
believe you bo and I are actually
cutting any just quickly just released
oranges orange is the new black orange
is the new bath orange is the new safe
part is your jokes about that that's the
ultimate smash pad why cuz it's the
whole color green
Oh Deborah I can definitely this yeah
Mumbai guys all jokes aside besides Bo's
outfit I'm thinking about getting this
bed frame right here sexy bro little
sleek black curved that's what she said
I said all jokes aside I lied got you
I'm diggin this right here oh yeah
that's nice
I'm liking the concrete with the wood
but I'm not digging this shade it's sort
of like too pale like your skin I'm sort
of digging okay I'm here what I bet you
we can put the dark wood on the concrete
boom
are you used to taking dark wood is that
what your guys I think we picked out
that girl you got a book I didn't have I
had portraits of you here oh come on bro
That's not me
that's Jake Paul on our way to store
number two we need some more furniture
also Oh y'all are they good boy yeah
gotta say man uh slow gangsters we are
so out here that we decided to get some
Chinese food oh my god it looks so
delicious like that late Chinese food
isn't the healthiest but y'all ain't
nothin wrong with a little Chinese food
hey your for Bo some big Chinese food a
tiny bit join me you're tired yeah I'm
tired bro no before we ordered I said it
wouldn't be that unhealthy the lady I
pointed to keep acting your house eating
his ways least a hundred pounds not
about like maybe your like your left
foot
college is ridiculous
oh my god / / / the older she goes she
goes you a hungry boys right I should be
the six-foot-two guy in a semper guy and
she just assumes that were fat ass she's
sort of right but I'm all good cuz I got
my wife knows all about you both you
enjoyed your rice noodles yeah it's
pretty good look Logan it's a big piece
of chicken in a little piece of chair
does that remind you of anything
God doesn't doesn't mommy anything whoa
I'm sorry did you say - I I'm a little
shorter than you you got anyways we're
talking rock look at all these rugs bro
yo I could disappear in here forever
this YouTube and the low gang thank you
for following me and my adventure but I
think it's over for me
welcome join me I'm telling you this is
great bro what's a good this acoustics
and he acoustics in your fabulous a lot
of good acoustics today he raised me up
so I can stand on mine
whoa no it's funny that we're singing
you raise me up because no I'll tell you
what I'm a big soft guy I like soft bro
I really do Bo apparently also like soft
drugs mattresses and I got to be honest
if these signs were here saying that
these are rugs I have no idea what this
would be like a free table will you
banana
oh no it's raw so guys I'm actually
losing my mind like this is so so I've
never felt this satisfied since that one
night at my birthday party
hey I I know I was going to get this rug
and then I look I saw and look this
looks like someone died on it and they
crawled up to the ceiling guys like we
definitely didn't do this like there's
no way that I could get a handprint of
that that high like oh stop right there
you're ruining my job I've got some low
five it never gets old
okay now we are headed back to the crib
Oh with what one mom okay now we're
headed back to the crib with the
world-famous dab transition okay we
actually have not left this parking lot
because the car we're going and I was
really small this is going to be rough
okay I fit I'm sorry with my fit Bo's
moving the seat back for a 7-foot miss a
few inches al oh my God my just died is
my me go explore all come on oh did I
bro actually yo if you died and make
some great clickbait person nothing
you're speaking of rugs though let's
talk about this hair I need a little
snippets man okay now I'm gonna do this
thing here we go okay we're back at the
crib oh and manager justice you yeah
manager underscore jelly yo could stop
plugin manager welcome to The Bachelor
Pad Jeffrey oh hey right the balcony and
everything the sunset bowling yo I swear
to God I was like I'm gonna put a
bowling alley on my balcony to summer
and right over all the girls flipping
slides oh you guys comment what do you
think I should do with this balcony man
send your ideas we're gonna get crazy
out here I might even move this
furniture if we get enough oh those
colorful balls we make a giant ball pit
on my back imagine I don't know how we
get them up or back down but the
possibility of a ball pit idea it seemed
a little far-fetched at first and then
we have this like isolated corner and we
just put a wall here and fill it with
balls home maybe that's a good idea and
also you're already used to rooms full
of balls anyways or hey alright he is
ready because I'm a testicle ah fuck on
that grind that shopping grind beau had
a suggestion I love this dog what was it
okay so we get chalkboard paint right
yeah we put it on the wall right when
you walk in your talk board paint when I
walk in a chalkboard paint when I walk
on the wall this is a man I'm just
saying people gonna walk in and be able
to take chalk and chalk on my wall drawn
penis actually yeah chalk fingers talk
me you know like terms walls tizwoz a
chalkboard board yeah no Polly yeah
emile near your grooming well I'll have
a girl I don't like on when I'm walking
down the aisle like I can't film you
bow-like
step 705 yo you're so tall this is
ridiculous bro we're talking for
champagne
Oh chalkboard pay oh my gosh this is
amazing for dry or a big bro is it the
MOOC I think it's definitely the moon
software fair I have some more receiver
bangs and good stuffing in the chocolate
what mark oh hi mark
okay my ex-roommate oh you just told
everyone old room number I guess it
doesn't matter we used to live in
apartment 50 how you're back from
Coachella
yeah and if there's one word to describe
it it in hotel ax because it's a bunch
of hos no I guys next up we need rope
marks playing with some rope right here
if you guys know it stop oh my god no
this is the Rope bro
this looks like ship rope right here
listen there's only wraps around this
tiny pole eight times your pole is later
right bro can you reach around your view
till this sucks if they don't have
enough rope
I need broke up their rope I need help
with wrong something I was taught as a
kid if you're not getting what you want
just screaming pilot so you get it on
you huh
would it be funny to put this in every
bag I came along because he heard you
screaming trying to find me some Roman
pocketed no that's not a bow I haven't
taught to just artifice and rope trying
to find some more rope rope rope rugby
dope I got no home didn't have enough
rope here we are gonna give this wool
but this is not enough okay guys trust
me though when this goes down that
pillar is gonna be proper anyways I have
a question for blow that I think I'm
going to ask him that well it's actually
pretty cool like we've been roasting
each other all day but we vibed so I'm
gonna ask him if he wants to be my room
you know dead ask question like we were
hanging out the whole day are you down
to be my new roommate
no what we just don't see eye to eye and
I don't know how to work from
oh man you're scared please like that
I'm not if it makes you feel bad he said
no back at the crib oh I got all myself
right here that I bought from the stove
tops of you notice no roommate okay guys
a quick couple of things why Frank and
my brother Jake tomorrow if you guys
remember the last Frank he did on me was
the Lamborghini prank no no yo stop stop
stop stop stop Jake
HS of this point is I'm gonna him up
he'll be ready do not miss tomorrow's
vlog who was the last picture I posted
on Instagram it looks like this right
here every like on that pic equals ten
meals to help fight hunger in America
which is brick and dull like literally
just use your thumb go double tap it and
you contributed ten meals to help fight
hunger in America to me okay even if you
don't live in America go like the
picture just get your deed for the done
day do a good deed for the deniers two
grams at Logan Paul by the way I was
just kidding my boy he's still my
ex-roommate but yeah we were just joking
but whoa look at bo right now tell a
scary story bro your sex life
actually bill
hey I'm like wait this is a bad idea but
like everyone's got a good dick
