if you want to say I'm a hands-on
director but I'm off to a pan top
direction what so yo by the time you're
watching this is Saturday
congratulations that's a good day take
their future Logan sorry for the
interruption I made a mistake I realized
it is actually Sunday your Sunday which
makes me a big dumb dummy anyways past
Logan taken away so make sure you get
out there and give a dollar to a
homeless man what anyway yeah Mavericks
upstairs we brought him here from my
other apartment ourselves as you're
leaving them there but I'm still
sleeping in this apartment I'm not gonna
lie mainly because this one still is
Wi-Fi mister Milenio my boy I feel beat
up eternal maverick we're in the process
of moving bro let's get how the house is
empty and that's why I had to bring you
back here oh and now you understand I'm
about to go work out and oh you just
fell that's embarrassing just fell and I
got it on camera you can't run away from
the truth yes no you can't show yeah so
yeah your boy needs to go work out right
now and then I'm directing why don't we
boys music video shoot for their song
something different day two we are on
location today meaning we're moving
around to cool location noise don't be
don't throw in that right matter where
you go oh but yeah it's gonna be dope so
you'll excuse me I gotta go okay it's
out here we are yeah I'm out here in the
gym it is bright and early and it's time
for you boy to get a little sweaty got
to say it's been a while since I hit the
gym no as you guys know so that's a good
start you know this key on the ground I
was stretching in the south and deeper
okay who knows what this could be for
broke this could be the key to someone's
heart oh well like a baby's heart maybe
okay let's go start
hey what's up you're back home can't see
but maverick is on me right now today's
it part two of making the most heat
music video on the internet but maverick
loves being up here she keeps making
noises since there's no furniture the
echos and home he knows that he's louder
over here isn't that right buddy
you'll never want to take a bath so bad
right now I filled up the water bowl you
won't even let me set it down I gotta
say man in my next life I'm coming back
as a why don't we boys look at this
brother kids look what they get to see
every day and just all of this stuff in
this giant house man I'm jealous just
what young adults you're young adults
Danny what are you gonna do bring it
what are you gonna do huh give you huh
and it's in multiple shoes what did you
see my voice be Fred Chuck I love you my
little cabbage head oh wow okay my
brother's my cabbage head I've never
even heard of that first shot of the day
is over here with my man Corbin good
morning brother oh whoa what happened
your ID a punch myself in the face I
just wear what why'd you do that hand
forward I know I got one thing to say
you my boy right you my boy I'm with you
bro oh okay so we were setting up the
first shot it's really awkward on it are
you good yeah then we're good right hand
here like how they think this fingers on
his cheek no not literally right now you
said it like it wasn't a sexual joke dig
into it good looking good looking good
yeah you guys see this look at this shot
bro with the laboratory reflections
let's go Zack is Corbin single
you got a you got a girlfriend around
what would she say
that would be like the psycho girlfriend
laughs like nice music video Corbin yo I
noticed something about you your black
eye is gone did you lie to me about
punching yourself in the face yeah okay
okay bro I don't know how to tell you
they don't look now but there's a pack
of it broke human brain the human brain
you're inside the human brain hello
knowledge germs the germs oh you are a
Jew bro Craig good volcano another
volcano if you stay still though you
won't fall in okay my boy you're on a
green screen it's safe you're good to go
ha you love green screen jokes and with
that surrounded jokes we're out to
location number two we are going to the
woods my boy Zak yeah buzz are you ready
to I look great I can't tell you got
sunglasses on now here you've already
broke their way to heaven or to our
location to location Oh other words to
be honest yo this is dope Zak y'all I'm
gonna do a two-second like naturey
montage just look cool for two seconds
ready and go heck yeah it actually looks
frickin awesome
how are we gonna fill me with a camera
yeah but like he's look closely you'll
see it Gekko sitting on a rooftop he's
going he's on the move or Gekko is on
the move I repeat gecko is on the move
he goes up and over a Ledge he's doing
push ups get it one two three four five
six seven eight nine ten twelve walls
got strong go by Geico you're a strong
one
okay so here's another situation I'm
gonna tell you about that blog kids that
blog life is no joke
you noticed yes this vlog is late on the
uploads because I'm shooting video like
Vogue it's because I'm like working or
don't have access to Wi-Fi or blah blah
blah today is the Wi-Fi problem but have
no fear no care
I've got to adult me advises against
this young log Logan advises for it go
Zach yeah
Oh see yes but no yes good
no you I think you have to hit the house
oh no hit the brick head I'm gonna knock
you out don't do it I'm gonna knock
somebody out
no don't do it don't do thank you got to
do it yeah you got it
y'all got stuck in a tree goodbye boss
so as a director of the shoot Oh y'all
forgot my direct your head no wait no I
didn't it's in my bag I need all right
working on the Hat that's a little bit
of an issue but uh apparently I had to
stand in poison ivy no it's not okay
it's not poison ivy you're gonna stand
for justice standing see how he's safe
and fine and not itchy but I'm gonna say
oh I punch you in the face
Oh first oh I'm gonna be honest you
punch back in the face still probably
look better
oh ah no you're fine cuz it's fighting
me my man you believe is fighting me
okay that doesn't make any sense
biologically you're 100% inaccurate all
right guys I got the Hat I think it's
about that time
hell yeah bro Drock you're looking
you're looking at pictures of poison ivy
let's poison ivy it's not just ivy
poison no there's no poison it's just
plain old Ivy broke poison in it no
there's an eye before cheese what it is
red poison ivy Delphine no bo you have
thin skin he's like look at my chief -
red broke it up no you looked it up guns
up
Drock the log into the house look at the
shovel you want dad you want dad
yeah yeah no I remind me of bro look of
a son what clean just be you know our
mommy Oh bro James Cameron I think you
remind yourself of the idea well you
guys know who our mom you do you know
how Christopher Nolan into directed the
Batman and inception
our mommy of him I didn't tell jack this
is like Hello poison ivy up here I don't
know what is it it's all poison oh okay
we wrapped location number two Zack has
poison ivy everywhere now going on to
location number three and as usual we
are fighting the sunset on to the beach
bro I'm not getting naked gautam saying
no okay
we have one shot left at the beach my
man are you ready look ready I don't
know I can't tell you guys sizes are Oh
stay outside they up we still need you
and point to hit a pedestrian
oh you swore bro yo don't look now bro
but it's that guy from The Hangover I
think you should curse around the child
oh this is crazy bro I love that guy he
was great in that movie love your word
what are we smashed to be honest any mom
I see Joe wait what is that does that
not look like a crashed airplane it's a
combination of a crashed airplane and a
greenhouse
talk about efficient here is the honey's
are here what a guy have no robot get
her shoulder bro she's scandalous bro
get it girl work at post on Instagram
you'll get famous actor good you can
jump oh you're not my boy oh man I have
another opportunity okay all right this
is going to be another montage come on
so this one might be like four or five
seconds
- hi start walking forward and she's
gonna stay on my hands on director but
I'm also a fan shop
there you go
really happy so my bus stop stop
and
no I got distracted oh my god we have a
music video issue look that it's a
picture of me now it's the green screen
okay I'm done with the green screen
jokes ain't nothing like directing in
your underpants
all that is baby pee - ha ha good song
that is around why don't we something
say video I want to sexy Instagram
photos the boss on my Instagram at Logan
Paul Jonah did the voiceover of my own
Instagram shut up Yap there's dolphins
over there guys
yeah that's a dolphin yo - dolphin 3 4 5
dolphin after seeing dolphins after an
amazing music video shoot two day music
video shoot $30,000 I was put in charge
of what's up there's only one thing that
could make this better and that is this
little ladybug on Jeff's hat bro that's
good luck did you know I named it
Melissa Melissa your good luck did you
know yo Jeff melissa is a flood ruffle
she's just leaving coach because you've
given you a head gross my god okay all
jokes aside I'm actually really proud of
what we accomplished in two days guys
y'all killed it there thing we killed it
thank you I have bad news though oh yeah
director Logan he's signing off for the
day for what don't know where do you go
just a guy wrote I need a photo with you
please you want a photo with manager
Jeff yeah I'm making you baby steps here
we go here we go here we go ready three
two
yeah back home with my bow what did they
brought frickin love those kids in a
strange way possible good vibes could
music good hair look at this bro as
usual thank you guys for watching all of
my friends literally everyone I know is
that Coachella and me I'm at no cella
no okay if you were not subscribed make
sure to subscribe and join the low gang
guys cool things happen when you do it
like you will grow wings I've seen that
happen
and the Maverick crappy joke okay I know
I'm tired was that ladybug joke is funny
right okay I'm done talking I'm
delirious slow going on with you
tomorrow
Hey
