slogan I know you don't want to hear
this cause you think you're all
independent but I'm your mom I know
better and you can not keep that dog
oh come on it okay oh cool
that's nao good morning look at what
Jesus is early I'm talking 539 8m
broke-ass how are you young pup hi I
just leave Kong you sleep well yeah we
cuddle this number big deal okay we got
places to be okay let's go good morning
everybody
hey good morning Benny being up early hi
disperse this is one of this is
beautiful
look at the sky man long one day all of
this will be yours your little cold and
chicken nugget thing we have arrived at
location I'm slowly waking up I see I'm
in baby bro well I think I just heard an
alligator like dude that's what this
episode logan paul vs alligator
wrestling
yo i'm gonna die bro bottom down got
anything for them you you got to be
careful you're gonna get eaten by
alligator what no I know I know but I'll
protect you yeah that's right
Kong has own subtitles yeah planet your
fly's down
oh my god I got your vision you see
anything for the vlog you know that
identity for the pillow watch is so good
but I expose you put everybody know how
early in the morning it is 7:00 a.m. you
know how magic me
okay well get the camera out of my face
Kong stay good dog don't my dog
Bennett face ah
oh I think I'm alright oh yeah baby look
at that bad boy
I'm talking about a guy not the boat I
feel stupid well I'm putting up
something to make me put on this full-on
alligator costume I think the theory is
that if you want to wrestle an alligator
you got to come in alligator gonna be so
ha ha ha that's not fabulous I feel
stupid in this costume look at the eyes
Rose like a drunk alligator never just
look like a big idiot but I don't like
you oh my god I look so dumb roll okay
no no I can I'm dumb Hey like and
subscribe right we going on the airboats
clong unfortunately you can't comment
because you probably can eat in the just
remember buddy that's not poss this
Gator is getting on the air but now it's
super cool up here guys I got a little
platform they got a fan I got a little
platform this is where our crews gonna
sit I don't think I've ever done this
yeah dude this is my first time riding
airboat good go get him go get it No
your alligator alligator oh my god yeah
look it alligator gonna be wrestling you
soon my boy oh my god guys seeing an
alligator a real light and I'm not
talking about me like a real-life
alligator crazy yo I'm gonna be
wrestling these boys except I want to
get a big while we're here like a huge
pool I want to go down in the books
oh snap guys are even closer yo I'm here
I'm one of you I'd like you but humid
but look like you
you got something went wrong as a kid I
gotta handle it up
epic you're not a Blanco we handled that
not good it was good
yo this alligator is huge how am I gonna
be a wrestling one of these things wrong
yeah Chama Caicos and the rest of my
buddies getting close I
oh my god I love your ass me with the
lemon for that oh you know we learned
how to catch Gators we saw some good as
we learn how to be a gator now we're
headed back to the other place
a few moments later hey we're here we're
here guys our crew it's tough we all
eaten lunch here in the car because we
don't have tables because we in the
middle of Louisiana by the way this
reminds me you guys are really digging
the t-shirt Tuesday savage March let's
go are we going then it's like a thing
that you say to like get people hype and
like hype yourself or get excited for
the future Brennan will you stop filming
me if you want to swoop yours hoodie
tank whatever you got link is in the
description or looking for the cops I
got one question bro where's my bud oh
hey buddy how are you this morning was
crazy man you missed you though here's a
great you're never alligator boots crazy
come dogie I'm a bit tired you look a
bit tired you wanna go take a nap
but I'm dead just chillin you the best
diamond I read oh oh thank you that you
little booze what are you going man I'm
just hanging out in New Orleans
wrestling some Gators all right oh no
now it's someone in our cruise and I'm
figure to be a good like fun thing but
it kind of got out of hand
yeah I'm just kidding I'm just kidding
you guys I did get this dog here is top
cause ain't no you're to have a dog no
no it's my dog
oh no oh wait
dog see are you pissed
I can tell yourself II did you don't
shave me bro I do stupid things I've
I've established this in my vlog I do I
act on my instincts and I make dumb
decisions and I'm okay with that because
it hasn't let me wrong to this day be a
mess I knew your thought you know I mean
by congas me how do I see a new sub yeah
pokerface dog okay you ready
really diat logan Timmy dad Thanks okay
so just as expected dad is salty we are
talking to him reminded me before I even
posted the vlog telling you guys go
follow Kong and Instagram at Congress
Avenue
he gained one hundred and twenty-two
thousand followers overnight
what guys love Kong I love car everybody
loves liugong we are back to shooting
guys it is beautiful Louisiana today
look at this
I feel like this is a screensaver on a
desktop and we are cooking with defying
stuff oh look at this guys we got
crawfish and shrimp and a little sausage
in there to kind of like my dog who the
crew is loving by the way literally this
dog is an anomaly it'll make them like
Kong anymore sighs bye this is what I
look like right now Saddleback you like
Kong anymore son we got the deep fryer
we got some shrimp we got better we got
a lake we got the screensaver again
potatoes corn on the cob onion fried
alligator and fried shrimp and a special
sauce this isn't real life it can't be
real life whoa Jesus mother what do you
do with this I'm so ready enough you
cook just straight out like yeah serious
way you like straight out like hey you
gotta peel peel it hey I think I did it
wrong is it messed up that this is
actually delicious though no I don't
know I messed up going to see me oh
thank you
everyone's so nice here you got a
describe me let me do stuck on the
head ah your brother Richard ha ha ah
why did you make me do that
Jesus mother everyone shoving crawfish
you everything go to second oh here we
go here we go I think you should title
it oh why are you doing it I'm getting
juice and blood this is the meat this
will I've been looking for my whole life
hmm now we're talking about yours is
delicious
whoa that's a lot of salt for one day we
are back at the hotel room and I'm
chilling with this little fella you guys
I'm learning that Kong is a genius you
see really like super talented
oh good doggie good yo bro I've had him
for like three days
come son the next like 30 minutes just
training him to be a firkin oh god my
tripods in the way Birkett rude
hey what you doing why you chose it out
your weird dog you really are oh good
says you call it mom mwah poor hi guys
I'm gonna taking that legal okay I'm
gonna take a nap I would JIT only slept
two hours I'm gonna keep living lies
keep being a sad side Kong to savage
over there I seen a little bit hey guys
my mom is on the phone she is the only
person who has not called me about kong
yet Emma Hey look how are you I'm good
how are you well cam pretty tired I was
watching your rocket that's about to go
straight here like/subscribe awakened
pretty wisely because you've got a dog
did you get dog like a puppy
like for real yeah what are you thinking
I don't know I didn't plan it I just saw
him and I was like and it's so fluffy
I'm gonna die in that I got it mama I'm
a maverick it's my lifestyle is what I
do about a dog his name is Kong he's B
so are you didn't feel like a maverick
when you're up in the middle of a guest
bathroom her mom's mom I don't even
stone me I'm that responsibility I don't
need that him I don't need in my life
conch doesn't tongue doesn't poop he's
not cognizant pooper P joke's on you
waiting for the diapers a lot I'm going
with the place I'm gonna put him is in
my lap so Logan I know you don't want to
hear this cause you think you're all
independent but I'm your mom I know
better and you can not keep that dog
oh why not why not my god what what do
you mean he's so cute he's literally
chewing on the string of my savagery of
a long long wait now come on come on
come on okay gotcha you can keep them
really you could keep be so cute he's
really cute I love them so you called to
tell me you called dummy I couldn't keep
them and I thought I could keep it
something liked it thanks mom
be responsible thanks mom yeah yeah give
up being responsible I did it and it's
great anyways go back to sleep I love
you I love you me and Conan gonna vibe
out okay alright bye MA I love you okay
whoa not the coolest of your mom at all
okay I'm tired I'm writing I have a
shower and I look like a hobo so stick
to the vlog tomorrow I am wrestling the
alligators legitimately be the last day
with all my body parts
I'm also quick shout out what are you
doing little puppy also I want to give a
quick shout out this is just people who
like my videos the people who haven't
even watched it yet they hit the like
button underneath the other youtube
underneath the you to it I'm underneath
the YouTube video thank you guys
seriously like like I got I love that it
means the world to me and I just
I hope dude okay ba have a seagull okay
see you tomorrow
take it easy babe poof do you want to do
the thing here last time he did it I
figured it out chicken shoes
excu big
we doing under timeless le she gave me a
clip to put up my end of my vlog yes on
you Bennett
