I'm just saying if acting doesn't work
out from me oh oh good morning okay
we're in Las Vegas so I have to say good
morning Las Vegas hey yeah bro this is
it was him it looked a lot cooler last
night ah this is like I'm looking at an
airport say you see you see the airport
right here I don't know man something
about it is just so plain okay so
clearly I'm delirious your boy has been
told that he needs to lose weight for a
movie he's got coming out I'm gonna hug
that's okay
I also lost my chapstick last night so I
went to sleep without wearing chapstick
a minute surreal chap see Luis I'm just
saying if I'm gonna be kissing girls I
don't want no chapel in Las Vegas damn
man this place is popping even at 10:00
in the morning but I don't care I just
want chapstick please have chapstick
please this place is gotta have chatter
oh god there it is yes me summarized
under like the Wolverine there yeah I've
also been told that our production only
has like unhealthy breakfast so I'm
gonna go ahead and get some breakfast
here we got protein bars and stuff uh
how about one of these this should fill
me up for the next like 20 minutes
cool yeah just as I suspected I walked
upstairs back to our room and the
protein bars gone mainly my fault
because I ate it a lot Logan Paul versus
Cirque de Soleil that's why we and bake
it son so I got a shower off time for me
to get ready and looked like not hobo
Wow hey look I did it that's a miracle
so I'm late as usual my team's pissed at
me so uh yeah I'm gonna stop vlogging no
I'm not and let's go
you're no way did I just do that I'm
sorry I got a vlog this okay when I ran
by my arm hit the capitis Bob and by arm
I mean hands but only hit the cat didn't
spill the bottle with the cat fella okay
I just it was cool in real life all
right now let's go
there they are there my people are you
vlogging me are you behind the scenes in
me vlogging bro this casino ain't big
enough for the two of us camera and then
they copy the logo look guys they're
making balloon animals this part of the
balloon is weird this little like nipple
thing here like that's a weird thing
Jimmy you made a snake that's impressive
Jimmy reminds me of my snake so mommy I
stopped back full snake look all these
snacks Wow
all right what the I tell you yo you
guys this place is lit I did not expect
this damn this is huge it's so visual
and just when you think it's done
there's a whole nother section to it
mother of God there are literally so
many moving pieces to this episode you
don't know how we got all this done look
at these balloons Rock I've been walking
around for the past like 30 minutes like
this yeah photographs video recording
the show is prohibited violators subject
to ejection ah that's going to be a
problem for me I know how to fix this
using video editing skills i'ma change
this Jay in the jek shinto in our
photographs and video recording of the
show is prohibited violators subject to
erection cheers good well I was destined
to be a star oh this is popping oh my
god now I'm no expert but my guess is
that this is where they train for the
circus so this is going to be good bro
like bodyweight exercises in themselves
told you last night ballerina
so while we were shooting I realized
this place gives you super powers watch
watch carefully ah did you feel
we got chemistry bro oh oh
bro I swear to God I saw spark this long
we're setting up in between shots are
now and this trampoline is like extra
bouncy no gym now ah we lost job guys
don't do it Logan oh my god doesn't
touch my way Jeff Stowell ah hey yeah
top for a shameless plug descending is
now available on iTunes Amazon video
Google Play except it is not available
in these countries Afghanistan Albania
Algeria and/or Armenia Aruba Bangladesh
Barbados Bosnia Brunei Village area
Burma who else later Tanzania Thailand
turkey United Arab Emirates Uruguay use
Becca Stan Yemen and North Korea not
ahead yeah lunch time right now um we
couldn't get a bigger table guys
couldn't win the two tables are like
what's up cameras at the table look
inside then I'll stop recording sick
transition well I'm still recording bro
sorry mother okay so Jeff and I ate our
lunch Jeff is right there a little bored
do we got like 10 minutes before we
start shooting again we in Vegas bro so
let's gamble some money ahead
I actually don't think I'm a lot of film
theatres are super stingy about filming
but I'm gonna try guys I'm gonna try I
can't film how am I gonna record my
winnings grow to 50 I'm black I'm a
local
we lost $50 easy damnit makers why you
do it today oh god it look like a fool
then again I'm a maverick I don't care
don't gamble your hard-earned money or
yeah don't don't gamble guys we're it is
back for lunch a little bit poorer than
I was before and you're looking at bro
so this wall like goes every which way
in direction I think it dabs as well yo
this is the craziest age ever these
people are falling star I think I'm
gonna jump from there into there dude
this is like a giant just pit of
Awesomeness it's so fluffy I want to die
look at me sweetheart god damn it look
at me Wow okay I married it I'm alive
okay so I walked in the the trampoline
room once again I'm here and apparently
I'm told I have to get into this this is
weird
oh my god totally enough of the
toodle-blue am I not totally enough for
the curdled clip oh my god i'ma go
you're done yeah i'ma make the turtle
talk hey make sure like this I'm just
saying it's acting doesn't work out for
me oh I like that oh I like turtles oh
here we go
I can't grip that well when I'm doing it
here's my thing and here's my dad
hey how many people does it take to take
off a turtle Kasich good job yo yo we
haven't done yet in the turtle constant
Wow turtle costume is complete last shot
of the day is actually on Las Vegas
Boulevard ourselves oh there should be
hella lights
tella people held a prostitute yeah guys
the balloons are back thank god this is
like the first shot of the episode it's
Hollywood guys you know Howard Oh Betty
you look good
we don't want the camera okay hi Vegas
is freaking dope bro realize how stupid
you look because of my face of the
balloons are both damn it you put it I
look like a peacock I'm a peacock you
gotta let me fly how did we get a permit
to shoot on Las Vegas Boulevard
what are we doing for this shot who
basically have you stand on Las Vegas
Boulevard and give people free snakes in
this thing so this lady is singing and
it's going to be really noisy for our
shot and Jeff are asking her if she can
move all she's like no I don't want to
move I bet you kicked me out to my spot
y'all why you guys got to be assholes oh
that's a negative she does not look
happy all Bennett haters oh there we go
do work yeah all right the cameras are
about to roll let's see how many people
are gonna buy my snack and bye-bye I
mean take them from me cuz they're free
quiz seconds later yo so it's been a
little bit we started recording this
episode of Logan Paul versus and and
some people apparently find it funny so
we kind of drew a crowd right here oh my
goodness I don't think I'm gonna have a
problem giving away my snacks
alright guys that's a wrap on our first
hand Las Vegas for season 2 it's looking
for best available now or watch for
watchable it's actually not available
now Wednesday we don't know what it's
coming up what's gonna be done well my
god guys what a day you guys already
know this but anytime I get to meet you
in real life just not icing on the cake
I truly believe like actually low gang
like we are a family and anytime someone
hits do with the you looking for life is
like yeah now it's starting to happen if
you were like you'll be a maverick I'm
just our girl the Jimmu it's all about
good energy positivity and spreading the
message of just being yourself and
trying to do something good for the
world what I'm getting deep thank you
guys for watching as usual tomorrow is
the actual circus show that I'm in so
that should be fun Vegas you'll beat me
today you mother phone up forget to
subscribe if you're not subscribed you
will hear that again in the outro by the
way it's a new outro so let me know if
you like it or not you'll hear me say
that again as well but anyways I will
see you guys tomorrow though gang I love
you take it easy man what is upload game
make sure you guys get your new maverick
merch because it is popping the link is
in the description logo I want to know
if you guys liked this new end card to
make sure to comment your thoughts below
and do not forget to subscribe and go
watch yesterday's vlog if you haven't
already I think these guys see what are
you looking at over there yo what did I
tell you bro there's only room for one
