Oh y'all hear it I swear I got it oh my
god you know we have to go down this
gogo Joe hi y'all good morning low gang
Sunday for me Monday for you I'm sorry
about that but that's the usual broke
forget about it just relax y'all watch
my block just got some little gangsters
across the street what's new right now
me with that double dad I mean with that
double dad me with us yeah the low gang
baby we never stopped that must be the
mom right there oh yeah Pam posed for
her hey good it's good heck yeah ruff is
that new maverick merch oh speaking of
that we have a photo shoot for the
entire merch line today needless to say
it's gonna be a sip
also my dad my father Greg Paul is
coming tonight and you guys will not
believe how he is getting here literally
like this is unbelievable but I'm not
gonna support spoil the surprise just
yet what's up young Joe geek huh why
don't you talk there it is
what no no you can't be fierce
oh my god y'all so I'm scrolling to the
comments of yesterday's vlog and god
bless america
you guys seem to already know what my
dad is bringing my brother put it in his
blog he ruined my suprise route it's
mine I ain't bringing his school bus my
dad drove from Ohio to New York he
picked it up he also picked up like
three low gangster and they all drove
all four of them across the country to
California and they are arriving today
literally my dad just like picked up
some random low gangsters and drove
across the country with them in my
school bus yeah why you tell people Deb
drove a school bus across the country my
school was waiting room to my surprise
surprise yeah what do you mean it was a
surprise she's got all over Instagram
wrote no one followed that on Instagram
Jake you me bro now I got no surprise
are you mad at me
yes I always told ya I'm you're not I am
mad at you so mad then I'm hanging up
not too late got it
you raise me up so I can end on my
clearly I have nothing to do on Sunday
guy really though I woke up and I was
like you know what am I going to walk
about like I don't know man Sunday's
usually pretty chilled but it's a good
thing I got some spray paint so you guys
may remember my best friend George
decided to ruin my roommates walls yep
he painted on it his name a flower and a
son he destroyed my wall destroyed but
yo here's the issue both of these guys
are my best friends so like while I
support the prank
it is wrong I'm just kidding I would do
the same thing well I do want to help
out mark you know I feel bad this room
is ruined so I will go ahead and fix it
spray paint the wall white and get rid
of George's work
oh no I ran out of paint whatever this
sucks man like I really do feel bad it's
just I feel like one of those situations
where you try to do something good you
know you try to do a good deed and then
you run out of paint and end up writing
your Instagram handle on your roommates
walls ha ha ha ha relatable it's just
Sunday I came downstairs to get some
food and I ran into some looking
stirrers I by the way this is why I'm
getting kicked out of my apartment cuz I
like I clogged the out of yourself sorry
sorry guys what do you guys think of the
new merch ooh you've gotta be a mattress
guy
this right here hi this is my girl it's
my boy right shout out to my brother
logan paul my boy right here wants to
give a shout out go what's it for
friends little channel logan paul vlogs
oh right heck yeah you heard him you
heard so I'm at the store right now I
should probably not be eating cereal but
it's Sunday dude I don't give it back
can I get a picture with you nah I'll
just get out videos on me you know what
is this this video was that what happens
is oh my god so many cereals but which
one to choose
yep oh it's under the why don't we boy
yeah you know really the light was you
guys come to come to sing me a song or
something yeah well I can't tell it
whether to be impressed or pissed off
now so yeah no it's good to see you guys
really the way we were could you shoot
our mashup again oh yeah uh you guys
want me to shoot your match I shoot
their mashups on Instagram I you guys
when we shoot on the match up yeah come
over my house when you want me to shoot
back yeah that's it that's true that
issue I did find so you know me I'm
funny okay fine boys aw shoot your
matches just for our Instagram why don't
we do it I guess I'll Reba I don't know
- so let music in off the ground is hot
when it's become harder come on Logan
stop everyone stop what are you doing
this is my blog please order you always
toast a plug bro yeah but I'm the one
who edits it like what like you know I
make the decisions Swach say your
Instagram handle again Logan Paul do you
guys hear that we'll follow that one
she's up and rub up get up boy hey yo so
we shot that he got you already know if
you do want to go check out their
Instagram it is why don't we music I
made a little cameo in the video but now
it's time for the photo shoot with my
boy Mavericks a parent and also Brendon
maverick bro you ready to be a superstar
one yes I pull wait so up here in this
private gym slash like photo to every
type of thing
heck yeah bro and I'm with my boy
maverick the bear was Bob home om
Brendon as well oh I'm just nervous is
standing against his white background
just gonna make me more pale than I
already a.m. but needless to say some
sexy pics are going to be taken today
you're gonna be famous bro merit alright
hey maverick oh sorry
hey guys look who showed up it's right -
yes oh no way no way no way my poison
athlete
wait what this is impressive guys yeah
hi my turn stop hahaha I see exactly
what you're doing wrong so you go like
this listen what you're doing you don't
have to do that if you if you can swing
your feet like pop your head like now
you're just doing the salsa bro
oh god this is what an actual model
looks like
damn damn yo muttering guys Oh must be
nice if I was a girl dude I feel like
Rey is like the perfect guy well you're
too sexy for this photoshoot bro the
lights are falling like rain let me have
you Ray let me have you you can't be
giving up on me okay we got a long day
ahead of us stay focused and don't worry
that's a maverick what's up Mary Jane is
I think I'm gonna make this like left
like put your middle finger up yep the
only fell over because we gotta have
another talk about we got a nose all
right what's your deal cut oh oh my god
the whole thing melted no bro hot you
were too hot I was making a joke of
versus getting very serious
it's literally steaming bro listen Jean
we had this talk okay you gotta get you
to get I can't have my people melt
tsunami clock oh wow this is what it's
supposed to look like oh my god this
looks much better than this don't touch
it right I need you in your beautiful
self Paul progress is being made
yeah oh oh
toxic bro yeah hey guys so I took a step
outside because I'm really stressed out
it's just so many things going wrong and
I just thank you please get on Brandon
killing the game yo all my friends are
sexting wrote this is how you do it cuz
you know the only thing we're missing is
a female I wonder if one's gonna come
soon we're good guys yo John you're done
here
hey let me in or what oh no no oh no no
I just walked here
Monaco gr long steady bottle let us know
this girl's so tiny guys good oh can I
do like have you okay
oh wow oh my god Wow guys I brought the
estrogen she's hard to see but trust me
she's right there oh no no Ellen rain
near each other I don't know about that
I can't have them next to each other
because you're falling what no it's
already happening no she's mine race you
guys there's an issue tell me we can see
it already a lift an externally
currently this is the only side city I
have highly of largest what you shop at
babyGap don't put that in there it's
going in stop going in trying to find
out cut it I thought I figured you know
how girls they steal your hoodie it's
like way too big on them it looks like
they don't wear pants it looks like
they're naked I thought that's what
would happen
Josie you look cute in it yeah I was
right I was riding my suspicious look
okay I am NOT a model but this is why I
brought my model friends because they
know these poses like what is that she
just knows how to look good it's
instinctual must be nice being good
lucky because the time being ugly huh
number one
you look great beautiful girl right here
number two with great power comes great
responsibility
oh my god you're giving me a prize take
this no I'm giving that to you to wear
for the photo shoot so I can promote my
merchandise all right so you're paying
me I mean right no no nothing you guys
we did cookies though yeah I'm going
okay
Lilly I need you I need you I need you
Kamala
oh come on okay wait mom you're sexy I
love you looking weak a pain
these pictures about from you know are
features they follow up even though it's
way too big for you
how do you still manage to look good you
got just what you do by the way
breakfast cookies bro he did not get me
that's right yeah if I can drink
ah good thought man I had it all oh okay
I'm good let's go back inside you look
closely we have a a beautiful girl we
are black and white maverick tea and see
our bonus pack maverick socks
I'm just saying god Bless America son or
any of these
no matter how many sexy pictures my
friends take no matter how many sexy
pictures I try to take I cannot jump the
power of the to start today is my ball
come here man hop on daddy shoulders
there is if you poop on me maverick I'm
gonna kill you okay okay cool son of a
bitch if we got technical difficulties
maverick calm down guys that's his tail
you can really tell right now maverick
calm down you ever big guys know you
gotta calm down bro can you come back to
me we going sleep we doing where you
going rope I understand why you didn't
do that in the first place we good bro
you feel good
back at the crib oh that was dope dude
got some product shots done cuz that's
what you do when you're trying to build
a brand guys I want to separate this
clothing brand maverick from a the bird
and be me Logan Paul it's not it doesn't
have to do with me it's about being a
math and we lo gangsters just happen to
do that now where is my father with my
floss dad how long to hear he my god
nothing yeah pick some people on the way
I was gonna say don't die in the next
three hours I'll be salty yeah and also
if you don't die I'll see you in the
next two hours I love you guys too
hours later I got so the moment is
coming soon manager jump came marriage
in general are you feeling bro how would
you feel like everyone duh you won't die
you a guy right now he was doing a
little bit my bio you got me good route
action make sure we don't give Greg Paul
ring see how close is because we got a
bus coming and I still don't have a
thumbnail and click base no I'm gonna
see from the balcony Greg Paul coming
yeah and the school was broke wait what
in this cookie drove in from Ohio he's
been on the road for four days with low
gangsters bro I swear to God you drove a
cop across the country with low
gangsters how do they feed them and well
I don't know it doesn't make any sense
to me none of the guys leave and I don't
know are you gonna put the bus Oh y'all
hear it it's what I know I know we're
looking oh my god yo we have to go down
oh no these are look actors you guys
came with it yeah I bought what up B
this is an experience oh my god yo this
is crazy
you got your over cross the country with
my dad honest opinion
forget that he's right there households
that even lately it was late
he didn't beat anyone up or like
anything while heaping applause I should
I open or you guys didn't like that you
snore it's weird that you guys know that
about each other how long is this trip
total drive man we probably have 15
hours a day yeah
yo dude plus though we're going in the
bus guys oh my god great camped out in
this pop-up this is really comfortable
guys we're just talking about oh my god
I thought you guys would be like beat up
and like rough and tired no retired yep
can you hear my man got a portable grill
watches can exist this is a life bro
this is why I bought this bar so this is
the cockpit of the bus fuel this is the
best investment I've ever made
oh my god Jonathan school one that I
bought I'm an idiot
everything about this is so lit man I'm
in a spaceship right now oh there's a
cop behind you - he's moving broke
because he knew not to mess with the
cool bus that's I'm calling it the cool
bus oh no oh no it stopped stopping oh
no we're gonna go
I have literally waited my entire life
to do this door closed oh oh this is a
celebration for driving across the
country in a school bus I don't want to
spoil all the concept for you guys this
bus is going to be literally the concept
mobile so we will take it for test
drives we'll throw stuff out the window
will do all that good stuff but today my
dad arrived you guys get to see him for
that Steve Carell will have more fun
with you later
so Jeff is actually going to drive this
home to his place because I'm not an
adult and I'll have a parking garage to
park it but I am going to do a little
test drive down the street I have to
proactive I'm so fortunate and happy
that I get to live this kind of
lifestyle
thank you guys it's all you so cuz of
you men oh man oh god don't have me oh
yeah to the moon Jeffery I said to the
moon give it up oh the wheels on the bus
go round and round round and round
oh my god dude the amount of content
we're going to make in this thing we're
going to do a cross-country tour when we
get to Lambos with the Lambo hook to the
back powers in your hands Geoffrey
tri-state my friends okay okay that was
weird
mama I got watching leaving goodbye but
yo this is the greatest day of my life I
think now let's go figure out where
these people are staying yeah okay so
currently they're staying here mark I
have guest row put on some pants
yo they all walked in and went oh hi
Marsh oh hi mark bye guys that's enough
fun for one day I can't handle it
anymore I'm glad this guy's here yeah I
think I'm stronger than you know yeah
I'm totally around like a rag doll
Oh leave me alone I was dropped by
locating I love you guys maverick mark
link in the description as usual I will
see you tomorrow
exhibition
hey we definitely have to change this
cool bud
