there we go I lose my pride hey oh good
morning okay for the next like 10 to 15
minutes of your life to sit back relax
forget about the busy life that you live
and enjoy this free entertainment from
yours truly so here's something it you
sing it since 6:00 a.m. 6:00 a.m. I've
been hearing some yelling down from the
street I woke up and I was like yeah
what what's happening and to be honest I
couldn't figure it out so come out with
me right now you come in all right let's
go figure out what it is what is going
on guys is this like some sort of race I
realized since that says finish and
people are running through it that yeah
it probably is a race what a dumb
question yo you're cheating that guy's
Ching disqualified damn you see guys
that took over the whole street they've
been yelling since 6 a.m. ok guys I
should have been up at that time
grinding anyways but no lazy Logan
handed free but you know what guys I'm
not going to whine about this because
this is a perfect opportunity to plug my
Instagram to whom it may concern my
Instagram handle at Logan Falls and that
is at Logan Pole I post adventure pics
nature pic lifestyle pic so again at
Logan fall on Instagram if you want to
follow me there also one last thing
don't forget to be a maverick a always
plug yeah I think it worked
raaaah look at this follower cow going
up yeah I'm gonna be famous on the
Internet
good morning young doggy hi yeah yeah we
might be moving tomorrow maverick this
could be your last day here you're happy
oh you're what what is that yeah you
read maverick on a bigger and better
things Idol everybody mwah all right
guys I came down to the trenches to see
what all the hubbub is about yeah bro
this is definitely a race uh-uh oh we
got some more participant to the race
you guys go through our way there we go
what is this guys educate me this is the
Hollywood Marathon yeah these people are
running marathon oh my god my blind date
I made a sexy face in that work because
I made a smiley face in that one I made
a frowny face in that way I made a
confused face in that $1 just regular I
am in the street I am deep in the
trenches of this marathon at this point
I'm just trying to blend in
what I mean people are delivering me
smoothi-- gifts son of America God
blessed Logan thank you so much for
inspiring me to be a better dude dude I
got you a cab roll desire trying to make
the world a better place you know this
you know anyways I get a michael rush
double protein got to feed the cables
you got a few new Chromebook so I was
riding this on the sidewalk and a cop
stopped me so I put my hands up so we
can get shot you know cops are shooting
nowadays and he's like bro you got to
ride that on the street then he's like
no no it's ok bro the roads are closed
we can go out there race this is dull
dude I'm freaking on the street Harbor
boarding and stuff are you guys doing
the marathon am i distracting you can I
can I deal with you you're so close to
finishing guys I admire your
perseverance a strong one day I will run
a marathon but today is definitely not
that day this is working dog dude like
that's Hollywood Boulevard that I'm
riding on well I guess now that I'm over
here I'm not riding on Hollywood
Boulevard I shut the fuck up so right
now your boy has a 50-minute drive to
Malibu yeah 50 minutes on a beautiful
Saturday stuck in a car
I'm going up there and it is my
destination you got a little bum here
there we go guys
nice oh snap this is popping in here bro
I like this one a lot friendly very
profitable growth the Maverick size bro
wait a sec I didn't even tell you guys
what's happening sorry
hello gang today we are doing additional
dialogue recording otherwise known as
ADR from a movie everybody its automated
dialogue no plan no kin bro I've
literally thought it was additional
dialogue correlate I'd be lying to my
people I'm sorry guys okay so this
happens when the lines during the movie
recording are messed up like there's
background noise or like sirens or wind
blah blah blah yeah for airplane mode
which where is the booster oh my
goodness yo this might be the coolest
booth I've done ADR with the ocean view
the Pacific Ocean Pacific Ocean we got
oh my gosh is that a big cat oh my god
it is a big cat it's a giant leopard
statue thank you buddy
okay cool people don't like responding
here alibi was freaky beautiful dude why
do I not come here more often okay so
the way this works is they play the
scene on the screen and I can hear it in
my headphones by the way check out
Whampoa king bed to me hey and then I
have to match what I'm saying in the
scene so yeah because they say yeah now
you know ATI work all right all right
let's give this a do go oh okay lots of
screaming
okay so the first artists framing was
not intense enough so Dylan's gonna come
in and grab my arm so it's more
realistic i'ma lose my voice if I keep
doing my wallet koala t oh come on yo
into American yay quality quality of
life just to understand why I was
teaching an Australian lady how to speak
Australian so I don't know how much of
this I can like show you guys legally
can is it like yeah it's a logo you guys
give me access you ladies and gentlemen
I'd like to direct your attention to the
screen in front of you
we'll be showing a brief safety
demonstration please keep the aisles
clear and find your designated seat in
the event of a water landing 80 years
bro goes beneath where have you been
rocket by the way thanks bro I already
to do additional dialogue recording oh
sorry have you done oh it's called all
automated download recording I'm ready
bro so Vitaly actually has not seen the
movie yet we're showing in this placing
right now you did it boy
you will climb up off your kind of log
kids happiness Cali is actually the
villain in the film you lost your
Russian accent get it back now what the
fuck bro dude I lost it Russian hitman
ok let's go go go
your life your choices yeah yeah we got
it we got it fuck gonna drink itself
hell yeah bro you're me forever Sabourin
there's Vitaly being a bad guy in stuff
one for me one for you so great Road get
it man perfect bag well we think your
son going crazy cuz he's crazy he is
crazy I seen him on the internet he's
crazy
I can do it together
wait we said as mother and son his
mother in there I don't know why you
gotta do it with your mom bro this
became a very fun day did you guys enjoy
yourselves fun this is good luck
I fail bro feel great yeah cuz you look
like a meanie right are you sweating
where you starting the most let me touch
it
bro that's my boy that's my boy I'll
prove right now why did I do that
Oh God okay so right now we're bringing
a bunch of people in the roof to
simulate screaming when the plane is
going crazy kind of like that but a lot
louder still why louder than that or
warning this is gonna look really dumb
but this is how movies are made welcome
to Hollywood
Oh
I told you a good look stupid I told you
goodbye Vitaly he's out of asking I love
you bro I wish his mom wasn't leaving
though hey ok it's a bit later in the
day I'm doing more ADR I need these guys
to grab my arms again two people to hold
me back for them fight noises oh yeah
oh this is hard guys I'll get Sanne make
the best movie possible for you one
quick tell you what guys similar to that
blog life this ad our life is no jungle
one thing that is making me feel a
little better is still expanding it with
his pants down
why doing that by wood I only got one
arm oh that makes sense
yeah I was gonna say this view look at
this view man this make me feel great
Malibu is looking gorgeous and oh god
damn it oh yes you go and your boy has
got some bad news
oh that made me dizzy Oh God Oh Gary
fabulous but before I tell you the bad
news let me tell you the good news
involving that box I got this box I had
that what's in the block I'm not gonna
do the mean guys just kidding what's in
the box oh my god are maverick hoodies
have arrives and this is the first time
I'm feeling these hoodie oh my god I'm
not making yourself I'm not acting it is
so so holy crap the Lambros hoodie oh my
god you guys this March is so sick
frickin voice has gone from screaming
today but Jesus dude I'm just saying if
you bought the hoodie on the website you
made a good choice seriously you guys
gonna be super happy let's see how your
boy looks with it on bed oh my god these
are so soft
what's up being honest and just being a
maverick and stuff I did
if you're a guy you will get all the
girls wearing the hoodie if you're a
girl the guys will try to get you when
you're wearing this hoodie the blue
makes my eyes pop if you got blue eyes
this just frickin baller dude okay guys
I'm sorry I got a whole box
oh yeah we're doing a photo Jeremiah
we're actually doing a photo shoot a
really intense photo shoot tomorrow for
the clothes what I'm that no time for
the bad news
I'm not moving tomorrow it's been
postponed again it's like a super
complicated leaks and this and that and
blah blah blah
one more good news my dad is coming
tomorrow night with the surprise which I
think you guys are going to love and
then we're going to Vegas
on Monday so with that it that's what I
was that's it well that's a good day I
hope you guys had a good Sunday I know
the energy for me was great today so
hopefully I can transfer that to you so
go out and kill the day bros do
something to relax your mind make you
better whatever it is you want to do go
out and be a member you can get this
March as you guys know in Logan Paul
comm slash shop or link in the
description but more bad news
I know I'm going back and forth the
Lambros hoodie and t-shirt is actually
sold out which kind of sucks because
it's sexy but you guys loved it so much
we ran out of product so I'm sorry guys
if you did end up getting a chance to
buy one of these now it's exclusive so
good for you maybe we'll bring it back
when Jake and I go to get our Lambos in
Italy and I'll see you guys tomorrow low
ganks thank you guys for watching as per
usual when I say this it's not a joke I
love you hi guys - I mean take it easy
it's you bit
hey hey dolly I love you that's my boy
right there
