ha ha ha come on oh my god how is ha yo
so if you guys follow my vlogs which I'm
assuming most of you do you know that
it's 2:00 a.m. in the morning right now
and I am stuck in Vancouver Canada if
you are watching this vlog that means
I'm currently hitchhiking from Vancouver
to Tijuana Mexico if you look at that on
a map they look at this map here it
means I'm going from north to south all
the way across California this is for my
show Logan Paul versus I might may have
already said that I'm a little delirious
not going to LA this particular episode
is Logan Paul versus hitchhiking
assuming I do not get kidnapped in
quarters which is basically a fancy way
of killing someone I'm gonna be back
vlogging regularly but today's not so
regular I'd literally just finished my
last I'm you on your own now you both a
vlog like lo gangland that also got new
t-shirt Tuesday's low gang merch
released this week and on Tuesday we'll
have something new for you so you only
got a week to get us over anyways yo I
was like what can I do with some filler
content because I'm gonna be on the road
I'm not gonna be able to vlog and I'm
out here guarding for you guys because
that's what I do I've accepted this
responsibility as a vlogger they're not
freaking love so I figured I do some
cool kind of simple but still really
entertaining and react to the Logan Paul
version of before they were famous which
is basically this guy Michael recapping
my whole lot now I don't know Michael
personally ok he seems like a cool guy
but let's see just how accurate he is
here we go ok I said I should not be oh
yeah it's like 2:30 in the morning but
the first video that I want to reactor
is actually a little different and this
is for everyone who like currently maybe
doesn't believe in themselves as much as
they should because this is a I just
watch
extend off for demon wrestler logan paul
martin van martin gradually supports and
schoolmates a senior a second trip in
two years this is the second time with
the states of wrestling and then they
interview me obviously extremely excited
they send off this is a highlight of my
year you know let me pause this really
quick you know what what happened to my
face first off the acne was bad in high
school I had the worst acne ever second
off guys this black eye look at this
face like it looks like somebody beat my
ass which I guess now that I think about
it is exactly what happened yeah
wrestling's a rough sport and then okay
pay attention to how bad I was on camera
obviously extremely excited if they send
all this a highlight of my year and
every year is it it's fun to see all you
students where you go and they get to
get you really excited super pumped I'd
say last year being my second year
tomato all the better is so green that I
could do again without any integration
oh my god like what change all of a
sudden like I would could barely speak
on camera - now listen stud like what
change bro okay this next thing look
carefully you'll see so when you guys
might know her Logan his school mates
and coaches are excited but we wanted to
know where'd you get that shiner that
every thought that let's rewind it a
little bit if you guys look closely
you'll see me give a high-five from a
little brother Jake Paul AAA who is also
on the wrestling team but not as good as
me kind of just like and everything else
in his life
right now let's do the before they were
famous thing also and point out I got
room service late night pizza dude I'm
gonna be grinding this late at night
like come on like give me this at least
before loss and Paul would dominate the
internet with a combined 3.6 million
subscribers other two YouTube channel I
have 1.6 million letters scram 1.3
million followers on Twitter and we're
now time at this recording by the top
digital creators of the one I'm not
going to your is act like a second okay
before Logan Paul's crossed over to
mainstream media appearing on Law &
Order they're loners stitchers all the
above our YouTube red series the sitting
nomming on already produced a movie
known as airplane mode
I'm mode moving outside of vine now
which is great that was my overall goal
when I started this true and I mean I'm
so glad it's finally happening in
YouTube's like you know facilitating
that when it came time to go to
university his motto became academics
over athletics but that doesn't mean he
still couldn't have some fun it was
actually a little competition between
the brothers which first got Logan
dedicated to posting five videos because
Jake initially had a few hundred more
followers that first album was still
production Jake had more followers than
me on vine kind of like the current
situation on YouTube and I was like yo
wait welcome wait what little brother
Jake have more followers than me I don't
think so it so then I got famous on the
internet was cool when he was in class
or studying to be an engineer he would
produce videos all over Ohio University
caveat he was gaining a massive
following online but some of his peers
want to impress yo some of his peers
weren't too impressed is so true guided
people frickin hated me at my college
the guys specifically girls are fine
didn't care when girls got together it
was like a cool thing to like hate on
people not just like other girls but
like me too just an easy target I like
here to think I'm 6 foot 2 I'm 200
pounds I've lift a lot of weights like
I'm not scared of the guy so no they
like they talk big but like no one
actually does anything and I was always
done like I wrestled row
listen I like immigrants but yeah that's
what my whole thing of being a maverick
kind of started where it's like dude
people think so simple and they're just
stuck in these bubbles that kid makes
videos any posts them online like he
does he's so weird
yo I'm doing me leave me alone let me do
me go do you anyways I'm getting keep
let's continue watching summer times
dudes would ambush a shoot screaming you
Logan Paul see Logan shrugs it off while
his online career snowball quickly he
since dropped out of school and his plan
now is to become the biggest entertainer
in the world back and to be honest I
think it's gonna happen
Desmond born Michael Oh God hmm that's
the plan guys that is what he's written
in the stars for me I'm gonna do
whatever it takes to make that happen
whether it's eating pizza or reacting to
a video of myself at 2:30 9 a.m. in the
morning I don't do it damn he grew up in
a quirky family who are social
performers for example they would all
wear their paper crowns went on the trip
to Burger King not only as little broke
is getting into on these days his mom
and dad have also made cameos in his
work y'all young Stephen Hawking mom
she's a sad wash oh hey hey grenades
like Cleveland Logan was fascinated with
photography saving has allowed some
lawn-mowing money for his first digital
camera initially he shot mostly flower
photos yo did you guys hear that did you
hear that I took pictures of flowers yo
Michael did his research I was eight
years old I thought flowers was a
coolest thing ever so I would just take
pictures of flowers I was like yo this
is shit one day my mom is like Logan
were painting everyone's room what do
you want your room to be painted my mom
kinda some flower and she's like she's
at me now she's like I love you like
boys your age don't typically do that
but we can if you want I was like oh ok
nvm i just drew dicks on my wall on this
case alright let's keep watching Booker
with the stand out Adam I would write as
a football player and a wrestler as a
senior he was a starting running back
linebacker at Westlake High School and
his team reached the piles of the B term
of 1989 he was a playing dealer all-star
linebacker
ninety-two tackle 62 solo in addition to
running over 1,400 yards and scoring 18
touchdown visit the point is I've always
been a savage like it didn't just happen
when I came out the womb I said to
myself immediately out loud I said I got
one life on this bitch let's kill it as
soon as the video add vine was launched
in January 2013 the Paul boys were there
making a competition out of who could
gain more followers for their six I can
collect manually and all of a sudden his
vine account well it was growing
exponentially overnight by July of 2013
he had approximately 900 followers four
months later he had hit 1.5 million well
he also had an ongoing series in which
she tapes himself getting into strangers
cars and watching the drivers reaction
but this would be a serious he would
discontinue based on some guidance from
his folks yep here's a fun fact is my
pizza that's delicious B I didn't show
you guys that was actually the second
pizza I ate and I see I just do that
buying series called getting in the cars
of a stranger after one lady took me to
court and wanted me to spend three days
in jail my parents called me and said
you got to stuff her did I want to spent
the time in jail manager Jeff is like no
you can't do that any community service
instead but like I'm not gonna do if you
knew what school started make less and
less sense the Logan made the typical
apartment complex located at the
intersection of Hollywood and Vine
yeah you guys all know the vine building
we all loom in my day began taking
acting classes
and would join comedy troupes like The
Groundlings and The Upright Citizens
Brigade it's true
you've gotta you've got to work hard to
hone your craft you really do so the
first thing I did I got to LA I took my
classes and got rid of my glasses
because I got LASIK surgery I don't that
just arrived so I said the kid is a ton
of projects coming out in his plans to
be the next Will Smith but the white
version but who's he kidding you know I
mean he's totally the next Ashton
Kutcher am i right as any of you ever
had a dream where you were with the
opposite of a girl ha ha ha that's a
funny joke so damn that was cool bro
yeah he's a Michael you think I'm gonna
be the Ashton Kutcher I like that my
drive with the Hecate my personal pick I
think it would be a combination of
cooker in the rock hello I know bro I'm
just a judge okay guys I'm going to
sleep
I hope I'm still alive by the time
you're watching this getting up in four
hours to hitchhike across California and
one more thing I want to say to the low
gang when you guys get your maverick
merch or t-shirt Tuesday March whatever
it is make a video take a cool picture
do whatever when you post it use the
hashtag be a maverick and if your stuff
is popping like this picture right here
from my guy Abdiel Morales underscore
that'll put you in the vlog because like
dude that's amazing la look at this
picture right here bro these dudes are
all represent members Sox let's go and
not just any Mavericks access they got a
bonus pack bro I'm talking Linda's
little max like who dressed these kids
why what is this situation wasn't
happening shouts the ng Waco bro you
freaking rap okay I'll frickin love you
I you know that I will see you tomorrow
hopefully assuming I'm not dead also got
to figure out what I'm going to post out
Jesus Christ I like it subscribe peace I
love you thank you big
okay
