take me to the booth what time is it
Elizabeth
oh my gosh come on hey who's in charge
why am i recording the bougie booth you
got to get a nice studio
hey yo good morning okay what what sorry
for the aggression I don't know what
came over me
just kidding okay anyways I'll check
this out this is my breakfast is nothing
really cool about it but I wanted you to
see it and now that you saw that let's
talk about today's Monday guys very busy
David very fun first thing on the agenda
I'm test driving the Lamborghini being a
purple man look here you guys know my
brother also wants to buy a Lamborghini
so he's coming to I think and we might
be a Lamborghini brother I'm talking
lambreaux so there's really only one
thing to do maverick merchandise we got
the black and white key we got the
colorful tea we got whatever though that
is we got the Maverick texty we got the
black tank top and we got the lamb bro
let's go
oh this sugar gives me power bro like I
feel like you also can we talk about
this what we got here okay look can you
imagine if I walked in and I saw this
what up dawg hey hey good morning to you
too bro I'll just wear my Lambros these
are going to buy some Lambos I don't
know if I'm actually about today uh it's
just like it's a lot of money and I
don't know if I want to spend it all
right now on it you know I got to make a
good decision no no good decisions are
important that's how you got addicted to
meth so I'm on my way to the dealership
and I forgot I don't have my driver's
license I lost my wallet like a year ago
and just never got a replace it's my
fault you know this all comes with being
an adult which I suck at so I'm hoping
you don't need your driver's license to
drive a Lamborghini
what up bro dude what's up with you oh
just the lam bros Oh for me I mean like
it's yours if that's the question you're
asking if you get a Lambo I get a Lambo
yeah does that not make us Lambros put
that I can't put this on until did you
get it full fine you're right you're
right you're right but just yo this is
for you you keep it and get your my
brother Thanks look who joined the party
man popped in Logano he came to support
my dumb - dude stop you from making
double sauce ah this will work if I text
my driver's license - yes Oh see my baby
god damn this car is so sexy wrong Wow
is it a little girly need to get black
rims though right I need black rail I
got to change these rims purple
Lamborghini
hey hey hey I got a copyright copyright
copy only can play SEC second purple
number me actually talk no bro no
because it's a lot of money and we'll
also go to jail though I have a bright
future ahead of me let's go see the
login bye Jackie I love you ah this is
it
go time sorry man you know the dude put
some but always put your seatbelt on
when you get in this car right see look
you are having to make a safe decision
oh this is crazy
- the boy from Ohio driving a Lambo
this is something wrong
what does that mean like it's up to you
now to feel it for yourself I'm gonna
feel this so go for it okay okay I may
be on this year it's just wow that's
wrong same little power I'm saying I
thought it was going to be like one flaw
not one not one right now one only
beautiful cornets
bros now we have to test drive the
verdict on which is the other version of
that I say half do we get to drive the
other car okay so this is the
Lamborghini Huracan I'm just testing the
model of the car I would not get this
exact car but you got to do it guys you
gotta do your research
beautiful my wrongs down little guy
Logan no I see the blob no I know I
don't I was in AI was like oh yeah loser
oh it's what about you it's quick do it
Jay Paul I love you I need to leave
right now and then I'll text it it's
actually bro I don't forget your Lambros
t-shirt it's been around ever much
forever versatile cool voice that's my
voice my boyhood there's my man Jake
Paul got the sherpa/romeo maverick will
be a maverick and rise against the
others that's my boy so like 15 minutes
has passed and they just got this voice
memo from Jake it's a move like ah see
yo Jake thinks it's a move - okay guys I
definitely have some thinking to do this
is like such a big decision and I know
it's like all I've been talking about
these past like eight vlogs and I'm
reading all your comments so thank you
guys for giving me your input so the
next vlog that I talked about the
Lamborghinis in the Lambros I will have
made my decision
ah big movie guys but we are back on
track continuing to live the day up next
if you guys remember I was writing a
song with the why don't we boys and it's
pretty heat dude it's pretty good today
I record my part and it ended up being
like really good dudes like I don't want
to raise the bar too high but like also
let me just point out what are they
doing bro they're doing the drugs up
there bro guys doing some drugs it's a
digit Jeff you guys doing the drugs lie
okay so ignoring the drug girls up there
you guys ready for this guns up
what does all this girls here dude he's
got his boys are smashing they're so
young what are you doing uh I'll be the
vlog guy who films the pool guy just
here to clean your pool come on des
we're just cleaning you're pretty good
it is probably if you're ever not my
manager you could be a pool guy
this is good good hi I'm gonna go back
home you got still super confused how
these young kids get to live in a house
it overlooks all overlay but that's cool
here they come
hey boy you guys done with your meme a
mamamoo's you ready to make the most
heat song 2017 a boys on the track we
act we actually dropped our song today
so I'll talk about the one we're gonna
make yeah that one will be gonna be how
this necklace yeah the second is it um
what does it call again I've heard this
song something doing dude oh oh okay
friendly competition it's actually
really good and I use it in this um vlog
because it's out right you're giving me
the song here you go
yeah you okay next next 30 seconds
montage to the song lookie we campaign
to pass these pictures back from you
know my features the cut over here we
make the distinction they believe it so
I guess in lush the room I can see your
mind I don't like thinking I just and
I'm feeling all the reasons working all
that
baby we gotta cool it my pageant 2017
right now we're going to make the second
best song of 2017 take me to the booth
booth time to the progressive booth oh
my gosh come on
are you see you guys record your song
and yeah no how do you get that high
quality I still I'm looking around it
dislike eyeball things staring at me to
face and I don't know how they record
such high quality songs hands up so we
actually we make booth for you just now
like hey I mean moving blank you just
said your highlights I'm here before us
does I mean it doesn't matter you fuck
you you guys actually have a studio yeah
we why am I not there what's up hey
who's in charge why am i recording too
bougie booze you got to get a nice
studio get to their level we'll give you
the same ah I'm gonna make this a banger
just so I can record in the fancy studio
that's my only motivation I'm making
records dude we're making hitch do DG's
make me look fat yeah I know you want
the answer but I'm smart in that the
trip horrible bro I'm not a singer I'm
just faking it Oh getting remember
dinner you want and they don't love you
yes your balls
and here's a read Macbeth you still got
my favorite piece just give it back
what do ya okay I brought it back you
have to go away to kids anymore
okay so we got two heaters in the Hat
congrats on the release guys the new
single we also made another single
Kalyanji description yeah we're talking
about what do you mean I mean the link
in the description for what you guys
prefer a song for your song yeah you
know I'm editing this vlog right like
yeah I mean you always could be a pug
notice also the different thing in the
description okay so just go home and
through things three things what one
thing bad what I when I was driving home
dude I was listening to their that their
new debt man I was listening to this
song something different the whole time
bro those kids made a betting round of
applause why don't we boys suck you got
a 22 year old doll mailmouse's happening
you got a 22 year old male addicted to
your music stick fiction
I guess it's possible I can say young
guys I know buddy thinking okay I'm done
with that but yeah like young Zach said
the link is in the description
number two the song that we made the one
that I made with them it's called help
me help you and I sing on it and like
eyes it is so good I had goosebumps
listening to it the whole time so just
be ready it's cold like I said help me
help you
number three another thing in the
description on maverick merch link in
the description Lamberth t-shirt
everything and with that said fam
Loghain that is the vlog tomorrow we
were driving up to the desert and
smashing some stuff maybe you know their
job see you guys tomorrow
did I say that I don't know all right
take it easy fam blogging I love you
proof
you're holding all the money we're gonna
make off this song well no it's a napkin
son of a bitch
