hey good morning Logan what's up yo guys
do it 6:30 in the morning right now
normally it's not a big deal but you boy
only got two hours of sleep why some
stuff went down last night being the
Youngs longer than I am I recorded
everything past Logan kick it away
I let me up dad you guys be good kids up
it's 137 in the morning the place that
we were supposed to stay at Laguna B
doesn't have Wi-Fi fast enough for me to
upload my vlog here's the issue guy I
triple-checked with the people that we
were staying do you have fast upload
speed do it can I upload my footage at
the end of the night Rick I get here and
this is snail pace are looking snail
pace so I'm like yo guys I don't know
how to tell you this I gotta take it
trip back to LA oh it's an hour away we
don't have a car okay so we order a new
Cooper gets here we should you feel a
breeze like what's your destination we
go West Hollywood he goes I don't know
if I'm up for the trip boys well sure we
waited 15 minutes for you to get here I
got some girl Oh gang they need a baby
footage multi guys lose my cool sweet
relief edition anyways we take your cup
I got that by the way guys this is after
smashing my face in the cars for Logan
Paul versus demolition derby when I say
that vlog life is no joke this is a
prime example of how hard this stuff is
come on grind at 2:00 in the morning to
get you guys a music video to shoot
tomorrow I have to be back here in
Laguna Beach in like five hours
what okay I know that guy was but listen
anyway his future groggy sleepy Logan
take it away and now we're here and it's
simple and we're tired and we have to go
back to the goofy back I'm coming
hello hi what you're talking to six
years are games the same time as I've
talked what that vlog that has the
utmost speed is no joke
good idea maverick I believe bye buddy
it's Sunday guys this is what it looks
like in Hollywood on Sunday
the street guys no one is up except on
when is really not a single car that
really I'm just chilling here we should
be looking to be trying out guys we are
so delirious right now like this is what
I look like go to be Mack yeah in a
parallel universe that's us bro I call
being the hot chicken overalls you can
be this dude that's early morning of the
day Mack discovered he hit a dunk are
over here let's go
I'll put my wings out of fire two L's
later break Oh give me one of those days
guys oh we ready okay guys so our house
is right there but I want to show you
something real quick so guys this is
where we were stranded last night this
is where we put the gym this is look
familiar is a little dividends right now
you may have recognized this garage okay
yeah let's go get cheese you guys got my
makeup on I got my wardrobe on I'm
feeling beachy surfing boy Mac were you
eating goober mom it should be along
skin day is it good hi guys I'm gonna do
a little blueberry muffin here also fun
fact this is a dog and he is both blind
and deaf is not really paying attention
to me this dog is 18 years old
the takeaway that I've learned from this
dog even when life has given you lemons
giving back you get what I say by the
way guys this and how I look right now
on the ground
haha you're vlogging oh my gosh guys
look go to beaches yeah yeah bro come on
i'ma go it's just real life I'll tell
you what lo guy this is a great spot to
be eating this muffin all right guys now
apparently we are going to the real
location Mac I've something to tell you
do you pay yeah by the way Mac I've
something to tell you what I forgot cuz
it feel like alcohol yo yo Mac what I
know that's not you say do you know the
name of the house we're going to rope
hold me closer Tony then and now it's
not 1000 Flamingo Road
that's the lowest reaction again 1000
film engines on the road
a thousand plumbing knows there's a lot
of flamingos how many four meters per
capita this was 1,000 but oh look I got
mislead you our first location is not
the Flamingo Street it's apparently the
beach yeah feeling I'm feeling good for
sure the speeches don't bro lookit guys
wow feel like this is a good spot to
move to when I'm old and rich and blind
and deaf like that dog hey Skyler how
are you brother director today Hey look
look at this drone guys wow life is
amazing
Oh holding me hostage no I'm not gonna
leave a circle I'm sorry again Mac you
can leave the stick I can help you from
here we go that's my boss walking kind
of boring today I think I'm gonna shoot
some footage for a montage that'll be
cool Logan can I be honest - can I be
honest with them can I be honest with
you - okay I'm gonna be honest I have
not smashed in a while bro like it's
like I feel this RV I'm not located I'm
telling you is I feel staring at these
beautiful ocean right now like something
about it just like makes me wanna right
here that makes me a shot I don't know
I'm just like what why I mean a picture
with you yeah which is awkward yeah yeah
you're on YouTube yeah having a moment
I'm just I'm sorry I'm horny guys this
is a bad time to take pictures of man
hey guys
bang oh hi how are you not a touch hey
hey hey what's up guys you caught me at
a weird point in my life yeah let's take
a picture bro no just let myself you can
hear whoa delvis well guys I frickin
love the lo que I love all of you
anyways yo this is not helping we got
biddies guys like come on guys let's
look at the bonds bro look it's a like
look at the hair just Marni got it oh my
god guys we just move location as if the
last beach wasn't beautiful enough I
have no choice to do a cool montage go
you gotta take yes that's right and fire
you gotta make jump bad BOTS you gotta
do this could be your thing so you
better leave it on a soul don't mean
never come when they're gone
that is all you know that is all you
know have you ever seen anything like
that like oh he goes in so much yo is
good though it's good to have a
passionate director it just when you get
scared of him because you might hit
someone in the face with your passion
not so good job by the way I know you're
watching I love you love to cook
passionate life and then in and out with
a month okay in and out in and out loyal
I'm gonna talk about in our next act I
like this is a help oh it's a Hornaday
with the buddies got broke socks
I don't know what brand you're just
Birds on them yet not footage please do
not called maverick yo what's up bro
shows you all know Moto's nihilo
always even on the job you work no no
honestly none of you guys gonna make the
cut papi you guys are killing it
seriously it's like to fall next up
you're giving us good look all that uses
image the wicks clogged up getting the
logo excited rose Logan you'll calm down
okay calm down I'm an hour to spend on
cinnamon yeah so I guess we're going to
a match now I just want to take a little
dip in the Pacific Ocean also bro I'm
just like some of us these ways just
like ah I'm just kidding stop poking
stuff you have young viewers Logan you
need to stop them sorry guys I'm really
so hot so I meant to spawn honey right
here which is their place
Booya okay lurking and I promise to
subscribe she goes out and we take a
picture and she's like she's like I am
75 years old like I use this guy because
no but ever and I was just I'm feeling
some type of way today can I get a
little kiss on the cheek that's my girl
right there hey I think I love I'm s oh
say uh we are at the matching guys look
at his mansion he'll oh yeah this is
spicy but what what oh gosh do I even
bother showing them how cool this house
is is pretty cool like it's really cool
guys and it's huge if we'd be here for
years I'm gonna do my best okay so we
have this massive room look at this view
like yo this isn't how the freaking
power walk out here the beautiful Laguna
Beach oh yeah oh yeah it's an infinity
pool so when you go here looks like it
goes to infinity Jesus mother of God how
much is this location bro there's a back
what an entire back how do the house
leaders have a bell
he's rock too hard on my feet my bear
fetus my king I know we've grown I went
to puberty twice to see signs of the
lamb it's cool look at this view
there's a lot of good views here you
guys get the point I just want to say I
have a new scene right now that's why I
have this robot and I think I might do a
little streaking dude it's a beautiful
beautiful day to go streaking residue do
it here do it you actually I'll go
get the rope get the rope we need the
road we need the rope yeah like it
subscribe you guys we broke for lunch
and I think the tired is finally
catching up to me
hi you feelin bro I just ate yeah but
how you feel proud I think after you
doing
I'm tired yeah man the two hours of
sleep no bueno
I will say though dude this is I mean
the atmosphere here is great if I was
gonna be somewhere retired I would want
to be here all wanna be where with some
fitness and black biddies blankets like
and some biddies cuz I'm so fuckin horny
Tim that's my problem today bro I'm just
some supporting guy I got that 75 year
old number from earlier bruh I'm a
header up what was her name she just
made a noise when I asked the girl
flashback she just made a noise thank
you
but then again I can't oh yeah if you
notice I I didn't know what her name was
I just kind of mumbled back knocking
saying yo the party is amping this is
festive yo oh my god is this it
sanyo this girl right here oh she's a
cutie oh this is bad for me God hey old
man you like a saga my heaven I'm so
slab heavy guy first off you boys it is
Versace rope looking flight second off
Matt what are you doing with this penis
camera lens do the thing bro
do the thing ya understand bro I caused
my this season yo look at the shot look
at this guy he's oh he's definitely
helping that girl work it bargain that's
awful John you go join this litter yeah
oh yeah thank you cuz he's sure but hey
it is yo beautiful man Oh what you want
to get forgot bro there's no flamingos
there should be 1000 domingos bro that's
what I'm saying
and with its a facade my life is a lot
but yo you know what I did see earlier
yeah you look at I was changing in this
room earlier and look probably got 1004
Mingo shirt 1004 mingle Road guys it is
no joke
that is all you know and cut and we're
moving on moving on
yo we were dancing and her healed these
sharp eels look at them this went right
in between my toes guys right here look
no I got so lucky bro also feet are
really weird
yeah acid yes we got you talking
yeah yeah oh how you doing it bro it's
got energy you got energy give me some
of them all right guys we are almost
done which unfortunately means Scott has
been freaking out just look down to my
toes oh look at this bro guys I'm
zooming in so you can see this okay guys
look carefully Oh Yoshi messed me up
with her he'll grow last out of the day
I'm talking to you know I'm gonna make
some green screen jokes well we got oh
snap look at the tops of pink flamingos
behind me whoa oh my god your dinosaurs
I thought these were extinct that's
crazy
oh snap I'm on the Sun you dig it yes
okay now I'm just on the green screen
anyways we are ending this vlog right
where it started whoa time to don't go
you guys I am literally so tired I want
to take this time to apologize for the
late upload yesterday now you know why
so I hope you guys understand well gang
you guys always know I got your back I'm
part of a little gang that's right yes
right because you remember what is it oh
is that my back I got your back bro the
legs have broken ears I said guys I'm
delirious I love you guys as you know by
the way this is going to be a thing
tomorrow yeah so be ready for I got a
nice little thing that's okay we're good
I love you guys don't forget to
subscribe if you're not subscribe and I
will see you tomorrow
let's you bit
got me holding my beautiful girl head
you guys know what situation this this
is rough
