oh my god yeah what are you doing
Markel no but you're gonna be bit you're
okay what's up you guys want me to do it
you want to keep this egg what Bob maybe
I'll keep it I don't know anyways today
is a fun day like dude I'm pumped for
today the vibes are good I spent the
whole morning getting work done and the
day has finally come where I can bring
this back ever cause behind me
we're z o Y always a mark you got me on
hi mark
oh hi mark why you in boxing it was
actually I'm a boxer guys we do kind of
match roommates does hey there we got
one shirts we got no marks today I am
putting the $5,000 diamond ring back on
man but he's just gonna bite it off
again yeah I know the first time it fell
off in an hour the jewelers like yo this
is never gonna come off ever one hour
gone this one apparently wrote this
one's like maverick proof
hey Oh where's he at
hey buddy very hi I'm Eric step up ah I
was gonna walk in here and tell him that
he wasn't an evil bird and sick up for
him but I see probably don't yeah I know
I need you to calm down today's a big
day for the vlog today's a big day for
you yeah where you going man come on No
ah yes yes it is about to ring I got you
a new one bro and this time hopefully
it's gonna stay on I know I hope so I
hope itself average yep that too guys I
am releasing merchandise today because
my birthday is on Saturday yes my
birthday is not April Fool's Day I
figured as a celebration for myself and
for you guys the low game we are going
to be repping some merchandise that is
very special to me it hits home for me
and finally I'm walking bro finally I
get to bring it to you guys as well one
quick thing before we get today started
what the heck man Jake as you guys know
duct tape in my room and
have not gotten around to removing yet
here's why some of you may have seen
them can you just please stop for one
second on my Instagram story at Logan
Paul if you want to follow me on
Instagram Danielle when you peel the
duct tape off watch it chips of paint
roll yeah I'm gonna go ahead and just
deal with that later
all righty lo gang so first things first
we have the ring inside this box
contains the new ring as you guys know
the old ring had two rows of diamonds it
was a double-decker it looked like this
right here which is still great and
beautiful but it was a little too heavy
and like I said it fell off in and our
damn jeweler told me you're supposed to
stay on forever oh my god but it's okay
it's all good so I got a ream 8 ladies
and gentlemen behold the do ring oh yeah
oh yeah also you might be wondering how
I'm holding the camera
tima I want to show you guys just how I
see this is we got to find some Sun oh
my god you guys see this eyes look at
this bad boy
damn guy at it that's why I put the gold
shades on a how to match my bird swag
might be impossible cause he's much
cooler than me okay here's what I'm
doing now clearly I cannot trust this
jeweler he did if you know our systems
get like man I'm just saying bro you
said it was going to be permanent the
first time and it was it and that raises
the question how do I know these
diamonds are still real we're about to
get this ring appraised and find out
hopefully hopefully that the diamonds
are still real jewelers here we go oh
look at all that I know I'm just saying
you find out that the diamond we're
doing and if we do find out that these
diamonds are fake this wrong well then
this vlog is going to change completely
because I'm gonna have to call the
jeweler up and send my people on um
notice you turn off the camera
oh sure oh sorry about that
yes Gabriel so now that we know our
diamonds are real as indicated on this
paper you guys have seen this before but
the diamonds are very good see the ring
has an estimated value of four thousand
eight hundred sixty dollars is the only
difference is it's not platinum we
actually the band itself is white gold
because it's a little lighter for this
guy I think we have everything in order
maverick are you ready to go get your
new bling ring on my back my people yo
you guys called me instead what you said
you bought the Mavericks on man this one
is much harder to get on the last one
which is actually a good time because I
think your other party a lot of
incredible okay remember to be good as
we do tracing ring number two is on
hopefully this is not difficult back at
the crib oh my boy has a new clean ring
on let's see how he likes people how you
feel buddy thank you you feel good
Wow yo dis ice you look so good Matt yo
you're literally gonna be the world's
best pair of average I am impressed with
you there's only one thing to say by the
way guys maverick has always had a
remote that was trippy America has
always had a ring on his ankle his whole
life the only difference now is that I
put diamonds in it and with that said I
think it's go time dude Logan Paul calm
slash shot yes yes yeah you guys I have
been working so much like since I
started vlogging to come up with the
perfect merch line because I didn't want
to do something necessarily about like
my face I don't want to put my face on a
t-shirt I knew that whatever I created I
wanted it to actually actually mean
something to me like I guess I don't say
this often because I'm not trying to
like teach you guys and like force ways
of life upon you but I do want to stand
for something you know and what is that
that was the question that I had to
answer so what there's no compulsion or
nothing I'm gonna be honest with you
that's it like it subscribe you guys
doing this about me right I love to
break the rules I love to be a rebel I
love to change the game
in essence this is called denting the
univer this is high-level thinking guys
like and when I say dent the universe
I'm not those are just like three words
combined in a sentence they mean sum I
listen I want to take the universe in
the palm of my hand laughter right don't
matter and plus you're just changing the
game that's what that's what we do
that's what the low gangs done and I
think what has worked for me so far is
being unique being different being crazy
saying yes to everything in my 2016
recant video I was like yo you have to
go out and experience and live like a
Kleiss like in orange and squeeze it you
squeeze every drop of pulp out of it so
when you die you're like yes I did it
and that's what I want guys I want to
squeeze life or just the universe so
what how do you describe that what I
just explained what what is the word
that describes that it's tough guys and
it's taken me months and months and
months to figure out and I don't know
why because the answer has been in front
of me the whole time
litoris I'm going to turn this around
look if you see this do you see this do
you see this map is the name of my
parrot I forgot why I named him that
here's what mattered me maverick okay
someone who exhibits great independence
in thought and action I'm like yo this
is me like I'm an Orthodox I don't
listen to what people say I do my own
thing I live my own world so when I came
across this word when I got maverick
like four or five years ago I was like
kill but not only does that sound cool
but like that is what I represent and
that's what I want my bird to represent
independent thought and action right
being unorthodox being different being
unique and you got yourself a crazy vlog
channel and a family we call the love
gang how you doing so I was like no dude
maverick mercs but not about the bird
about the word and what it represents
this is why you guys may or may not know
I named my production company maverick
media I have a tattoo on my butt cheek
that says maverick this is the work that
was it the whole time and now we got a
little Barrett with a $5,000 band on his
ankle to symbolize that nook not just
step 1 come up with a joke simple that
makes people go home with
Jeremih birches blew away i'm here in
the symbol
hahahahahahaha just to prove you guys
i've been working on this for a bit in
an Instagram picture I did like I didn't
want two months ago I kind of like hid
it in the background a it's right there
sneaky little tip to buy clothing that's
comfortable and actually feels good and
it's cool so when you put it on you're
like yo this is nice and when people
look at you they're like young so you
guys this is so new I don't even have
the clothing yet but I can tell you from
experience setting samples back and
forth it is poppin okay we got a
maverick tank top like black GZ trying
to get a soul wrong you got number two
it's more colorful as you can see more
color number three we got a charcoal
team with a black and white maverick
shape on the funny lookin sexy burn then
we got this teaser actually says
maverick on it but here's the kicker the
V is the symbol haha crazy and lastly
you got everybody you guys know this I
love hoodies so we got this sexy blue
and whatever color that middle portion
is colored hoodie yes sure yeah fine
impersonates
right here we will kick off the logo
ball background flat shop maverick
merchandise I remember I need you guys
to separate the word from the Paris
because it actually does mean something
I have been waiting so long to tell you
guys this and as soon as it gets here
I'm going to wrap this every day you
don't have to buy right now this isn't
like a hey go buy this thing this is a
movement this is what I stand for and
it's like this is what I've said my
whole life it's like hop on the train or
get off the way with that said I think
George is breaking work downstairs so
let's go see what's poppin oh my god
yeah what are you doing Oh nobody's
gonna be bit oh no this is great yo you
turn the camera upside out it looks like
kind of cool like you're on the floor
but really they're just on the ceiling
and that's gonna suck your mark a lot
this is this is I mean it happened this
is cool but I think a fish bowl full of
water balloon all our vlogs are turning
into is prank but I'm down though haha
if we do that thanks bro yo I just
announced my my March rope yeah bro I
appreciate y'all
Latino yeah yeah I'll do it I've been
I've been trying so hard not to tell you
yeah yeah
nepeta you digging the ring yeah boys
liking it at snub oh by the way maverick
I have something to tell you I got an
email and it says this hello Logan Paul
I am interested in buying your bird off
you for $100,000 cash or check your
choice if you don't want this to proceed
just email me back so I know my taking
time just get it I would never do that
Mavericks pimping sorry guy I'm not
gonna do it I love this bird more than I
love myself literally might be the
mother the biggest love of my life bitch
I guess my mom and dad are good too and
my brother he's actually no I know screw
that look at what you did I'm not done
with that one thing I do want to say
about the shop is because it went live
today one of you guys found like before
I even announced it my developer texted
me he goes damn and one of your phones
found it and already ordered and the
prices weren't ready yet I'm going to
put the password page back up until all
that stuff is Victor lo J you guys what
do you do you but someone found the site
it's like not even like yet okay well
you know what I like about this is like
stands for everything I'm saying that
low gangster changed the game they
weren't ready for you or waiting for me
to announce my shop you just did but yo
that is it for the vlog today guys as
usual thank you for watching man my
birthday is coming up in two days I
still have to figure out this whole
moving situation because I'm not allowed
to stay here they're kicking me out I'm
turning 22 and I was able to drop my
first like official merch line which is
incredibly exciting and amazing and just
like I'm getting emotional this this
whole vlog thing guys has changed my
life and I love you all seriously like
Lo gang means so much to me the word
maverick means so much to me so from now
on in my vlogs guys I think I'm going to
try to start inspiring you guys to be
different be unique be passionate and be
a maverick I love you guys I will see
you tomorrow take it easy fam
that's your bit
hey Emma yeah yeah we got some real
diamonds yes
