Hey oh good morning low gang
what is up god damn it today is the
first day of shooting my show Logan Paul
versus you guys just you know just one
of my favorite shows to shoot literally
just an excuse for me to go out and
cross off items off my bucket list yeah
the first episode we are shooting is
Logan Paul vs. American Ninja Warrior
yes is this show as usual I'm running
late
yeah we're here Hey look it's Benny then
it he directs the show Benny say
something for my vlog just get the
camera ready come on this is one thing
come on Bennett don't be such a debbie
downer so on the call she they said have
come having eaten breakfast I didn't do
that
how are you yeah I got on a snack Wow yo
but they're also carb heavy bro cream
talking crazy to watch cookies bro good
chemo eating cookies breakfast no no
don't move wait emo don't move Teemo
you're surrounded by penguins bro team I
swear to god you're surrounded by
penguin row I am not like you
Teemo you're back in your home of Fugit
the Berlin Wall TM oh you're in the sky
Seymour you're falling Dave Bennett come
on bro it's a nice my vlogs Bennett come
on say one say women and two amazing
things going on right now I was
scrolling two amazing things going on
right now I was scrolling through my
Instagram and my mom posted this look at
that she's being all young and cool I
says why does my mom do the piece size
on the eyes like the crooked B sign yeah
it's a good thing look at this table of
fruit oh my gosh so as you Comerica
ninja warrior as you guys can imagine it
was inevitable we are cutting fruit
today like an American Ninja Warrior
they don't do that on the show but we oh
come on I'm trying to vlog with the
lights that don't cut but we do son we
come through here in love oh wow I'm
doing this lot today I got a chilled
deep dad yo is this where we're chopping
the fruit bro director Bennett directly
and tell me yes or no man I know you see
the camera right to say yes and I'll
just go ahead and tell you guys this is
I think we're we're cutting the fruit
today spicy
I see spice in our hardwood floor we got
light that oh god where am I going it is
a lobby where yo you want to know this
blog light you have the same glasses it
ready
ha ha ha ha whose idea was it told me I
couldn't stand anything actually
damn itself I met that brothers in char
is it bad are you scared of lip okay
good because you go all caught on my
glass this is what happened this thing
hooked me right there bro and then just
pierce me do we look at music audience
if somebody say ninja costume yeah no
you know the dull thing about this
costume yourself easy nipple access
without ever look at the toes but I got
webbed feet where this is actually
really weird and my toes feel weird too
that's okay I guess you could call them
camel toe okay next up I think we are
smashing something I think we're
smashing a jar of pickles you're a
pickle and you watch my block watch yeah
I'm coming so we are currently setting
up for our fruit cutting shot man it is
bright but check this out look at I'm
talking fruit good Todd God not nice
this is gonna be epic man this gonna
look like a 1990s ninja movie again with
the slices Logan what are you doing to
us also look there's me behind me hey
well watch it okay it's a doggy
I made a doggy you guys want to know
something funny back when I made YouTube
videos when I was like 14 I made
actually a fruit cutting ninja a ninja
fruit cutting video it was so bad it was
so bad but I will say before like these
videos were a thing I think mine was
like the first one I actually think I
was 13 so this was in 2008 take a look
I know it was bad but you know that just
shows I've been making videos for like
forever and hopefully today's is a
little bit better this is my father's
I'm just kidding my dad's a realtor in
Ohio not ever I do this is no joke again
I don't know whose idea it is to keep
handing me sharp weapons I think you
people Hey look who showed up
it's Joe when I'm Jim name is Jeff my
boxers are gonna miss that orange you
think look first one of the five dollars
that I need to walk that beautiful
orange five bucks for the hit the orange
I'm the first pushed shot yeah I slice
through you're on Jeffrey almost like
two dollars Jeffrey ready to action I
think it was a mat you wanna be double
or nothing double or nothing
I mean if anyone's a kid in our house
okay yeah let's play watch time as you
heard better take you Bennett what do
you think about what's going down all
right now honestly man what researchers
you kept the camera at my high well I'm
gonna go ahead and tell you guys anyway
you lunchtime
what don't name the two months oh oh
yeah we made a bit of a mess here
there's a lot of food on the floor oh my
god what happened what went wrong the
answer is nothing nothing went wrong cuz
this is a main most ninjas don't ride in
cars I do most ninjas don't ride in
princes I'm in the French yeah but guess
what I do also if you guys are wondering
how I'm going to learn how to American
Ninja Warrior got my boy with me the
American Ninja Warrior himself
no gran take a the island ninja check
the tea in case you forget you owe me
around you got a we got a whole thing
you know all I have is hey I'm Logan I
don't got any little gangsters or no cuz
you know I got them little gangsters
with ya five yo literally hypothesis
agree with me that's a connection I like
that have you guys seen him on the show
there's a good chance you've seen you
yeah because you're on like every single
season yeah yeah I might see me on the
show as I like to dance yeah that's all
I like to do
no this is something Logan likes to do
is like John but kills it Hey Oh couple
pale white boys hey it's an adult game
no toys Oh
American Ninja Warrior what the heck
these sounds is Laurie the take away
brother yo you guys this is this is a
tribute to my boy designing the other
gonna can't do this okay oh and I go
really hard I'm gonna talk that's over
now
no and I ain't talkin basket oh hey
Matthew oh look Harley dead from the
wall to the wall oh my god Timo you are
my boy this cement okay my chalk and
tall oh yeah that's how we do it that's
the right way get your candy every inch
of the Milky Way except that bribe oh
it's a celebration
oh yeah it's celebration I'm talking
brain man yo where's your mom she loves
macho
no cheese on that order does no not show
oh my gosh someone stop me while you can
speaking of my mouth best part famous
damn
pick it up tears Matt I hope you recycle
go what goes fast and happy wheels
bicycles well I was my topic give me a
topic yo are you gonna do it like that
only what you doing dancing hi hi beau
beautiful woman girl
wait on the inside thing going up coming
up feeling okay know what I mean like
happen to the air
what does that mana would be your friend
no no no you just friends on yourself
again you know I'm going mad on itself
oh you know no risotto friends we are
trying to smash low gang we have arrived
at our course for the day
oh my god have you been here bro my
first ever training ground no way this
doesn't look like what I've seen on the
show this is the home ground though Oh
what do you do pretty good yeah good
lucky for you I'm not coming to you bet
I'm coming to this okay yeah see now
it's getting a little more legit all
every kid's dream you guys I wish you
could be here with me you got what
monkey pardon and playground and stuff
rat
dude this is poppy how did his work I
don't even do so many obstacles we never
hit the ground I mean we got the
floating I like that do you need we
gotta shoot what shooting you coming
down now Oh for the actual show not my
vlog and it you're here for okay to vlog
life yeah oh hey girl know that what I
said it wouldn't know this vlog let cut
my steak Glock do we got here grant what
are we working with we're gonna work on
our trampoline jump oh I like this I did
oh yo you gotta want it Kevin why'd you
want it I do
mama you're watching it and they gotta
know I gotta use disease gotta hit the
trampoline first then grab the obstacle
or tell Armstrong
I'm about to try this thing it's called
a warped wall it's fairly like 250 feet
high 14 and a half what 14 I'm happy
what the hell would you are I am the one
who's got fun if I fall like I see
myself falling from the top of there all
the way to the ground well how'd you get
up there walk me right here Legion right
up here okay oh my god when I look at
this all I see are the handprints of
those who have died trying to make it up
cool you my friend have succeeded and
you look great
I was soaked so how far did I fall for
like what 90 feet under like a pair bro
yeah tie up man jojje or at least what
300 water I did the math it's about 685
feet up and yeah dude so we are here
what's it like to actually be able to
make it up the wall I think you can make
it man yeah maybe not today go okay and
I my throat on down to your boy low
gangsters gang down here they go all
right Logan what is your cessful dance
that we are back in Hollywood right now
and I am with the member mark
oh hi mark did you say hi I'm mark yeah
no you guys don't look anything alike
bro hey that's Australian guys what up
Jacko
watch it they're about to do a French
istic oh yo look a that's right rude do
you guys see that they're like hugging
and stuff back there you want to know
what cuz no one steals my boy from me
except murder hey I'm back they're not
stealing my bank buddy George you won't
ask one of these Asian ladies for the
number bro you homeless had a rope you
hid this computadoras moogly I actually
gave you her googley back bro oh very
back home yes yo bangers Joe that was a
fun day oh yeah bro birthday of Logan
Paul versus Season 2 episode 1 with the
success by the way I feel like I should
have mentioned this at the beginning of
the vlog that would be training to go on
the show obviously not the actual show
yeah telling you that a little late
sorry anyway I got some fun stuff
planned for the rest of the week edge
usual my birthday's coming up Saturday I
actually don't think I'm moving tomorrow
for those of you who want an update
something is going on with the real
estate agents like not wanting me to
move into the house because of who I am
and what I do good so we'll just give
Logan post afraid I will figure out we
will merchan this coming later this week
was no gang I love you and I will see
you tomorrow
take it easy fan up
su bitch yeah just getting miked up a
little production stuff careful what you
say well
