i-21
hey yo good morning lo gang oh I dropped
it yep I dropped the what's popping for
now anyways I don't know man I'm just
looking feeling anyway I got up early
today so I could go work out and yeah
man I'm just going to go do that right
now so let's do it
what does look that let's do it yeah we
did it dude ha ha I feel good such a
good way to kick start the week you know
it's Monday Wow okay you're on that note
as well I finally feel like I'm kidding
was done I will do this often I don't do
this often Pacheco several yeah I do the
muscles are coming back bro my six-pack
is coming back bro hey I just talking
about results the name of the game but
yes I am seeing results look at that
nipple what are you quoting Shakespeare
now huh yo that's freaking wings oh hi
mark
oh hi mark I have a question for you bro
are you glued to this chair every time I
see you in this here maverick down boy
down do you want me to do grow I don't
know to get out and go out and see the
Sun bro go play frisbee with boys okay
look just stop right gonna do this y'all
game is taking over my life and what
does that do with just hitting my house
what does that do it restroom oh this is
all like you matter oh oh oh so now you
understand bro when you're busy and
you're vlogging every day guys that vlog
life is no joke guess what I'm doing
right now brother what getting my hair
done or down getting my hair dyed my
color what do you think I'm gonna leave
it a surprise I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna do it and I'm gonna show you guys
but yeah you're going on your head this
is this weird thing nikka love my
beautiful Jesus looking man we're
waiting for some blonde that's what I
like
yeah I was going to reveal the color but
it's lon Nico just said I'm going blonde
or guy to make these ice pop round look
at the ice brush
yeah I'm going blonde right not mark
blonde but I want to go like Cali surfer
blonde bro because when I hit the - I
think I'll even hit him hard like this
I'm all about the deep dabs now I'm
talking nose to inner elbow I'm talking
nose to would join us say vagina
here's the origin this is called the
weenus which makes us the vagina fact we
got that Breaking Bad mixture up in here
my boys cooking meth for hair let's go
hey guys it's me Logan oh god I don't
know what happened here but okay this
what it takes to get sexy Cali blonde
hair I just look like a lunch lady
rolling I don't want the mashed potatoes
see well isn't that nice how do I look
bro yeah so Tina thinks I'm sexy I want
to know do you guys think I'm sex just
this face right here I don't want you to
comment smash your pass in this face
right here oh okay cool do all make you
owning okay we finished but I'm not
going to show you guys ever yo you
killed it my Jesus mess making master
Timo what you thing well um I see your
boy is I see we are currently walking
back to my place and I'm not gonna lie I
still have the coke in the head look my
hair cannot be blow-dry so it's going to
take a little bit to settle in keep that
in mind when you see it I'm at home i'ma
show my boy mark when he's done in the
bathroom he's out of the bathroom what
do you think of my ice bro I haven't
looked yet look at my hair look at my
hair stop look in the camera
what's the how do you look like Justin
Bieber when he was 14 years old
yo cuz it's blow-dried I got that
coconut head going on I'm I see like a
bowl am i yeah that's what I call coke
in a head but what about the color it
looks a lot better to be on I know
that's why I did it I see brah why are
you ruining my house yeah but bro you
don't even ruin my house with it look I
don't care about this new messy Marc
thing that's going on I don't like them
all are you doing
that's a great question yeah what the I
needed - to be honest bro I don't even
care here you might as well take this -
bro I'm leaving soon just go for it bro
hey Mark if you're done destroying the
house I actually have something I need
to tell you I am moving on Thursday or
today yeah which is be like in two days
what yeah bro why so dousset sometimes
fish needs me you know what I'm saying
yeah no I don't open up the 23rd yeah
but I figured since Logan Paul vs. is
picking up bro I'm not gonna be busy the
whole month I'm still by the way just
vlogging with his mom busy the whole
month so I gotta get out of it quick you
know so I'm just gonna be here by myself
in this huge massive apartment oh oh
keep in mind all the furnitures all
everything's gone Oh are these love sex
erm I'm taking them up taking TVs taking
that taking taking this probably take
your nose Oh gotcha nose yeah I'm really
going to be super empty the driller a
trader in here something oh yo we
definitely should eyes we're gonna throw
a huge party for my birthday April
Fool's Day make sure to come to
I got an April Fool's joke Abramov go to
the ring here for you no I didn't order
a pizza bro okay we gotta figure stuff
out about this I know bro I did order
pizza I never order any of these already
pizza ro I'm just gonna show you guys my
hair Hey look at this eyes yellow would
you guys like it yeah anyways I had to
get rid of the coconut head thing like
I'm like a young baby are you see the
potential right don't don't worry about
the shape I think you should just go
ahead on I'm good so yeah anyway it's a
piece of pizza time yesterday two
separate times
in total I had 18 pizzas delivered to me
I did not order the pizza someone
instead of pizzas to my house you guys
why oh yeah maybe because I invite you
to parties in my house to be my exact
address and apartment number
that's why well yeah I have no fear your
boys moving Thursday okay I don't give
up one quick thing that I want to point
out besides the fact that it looks like
I'm wearing a wig right now yesterday I
asked you guys to go like that music
video I directed the why don't we boys
their music video that I directed to why
don't we boys music videos that I
directed I wanted us to get this video
to 50,000 likes look closely lo gang
50,000 like and 25,000 views all that
even possible god Bless America we broke
you to that's what I like Lo gang I'm
not Bruno Mars but lucky for you that's
what I like and that's what I like eh
okay where's the Iceman going I know it
looks like I'm in the middle of nowhere
which is only semi true headed to Dillon
and Dave's house the directors of
airplane mode as you guys know the movie
is picture live we just have some visual
effects stuff we need to go over also
watch this fuck I always got the job
yelling what happened broke his right
whoa oh I like that yo what the what you
think your shoes take off your shoes you
got rules man just your rules bro I'm
the rule breaker build you feel better
to you I yeah you're right I'll take off
my shoes what do you think that's ice on
my hair bro yeah yeah I'm glad I got a
little coconut fever head
oh my god no only to do love got
everyone calm down
we gotta get girls is bow cut I should
be in a boy band always love that
and speaking of boy bands I have an idea
I'm actually at the why don't we boys
house right now it's right there I
probably actually should not show this
in the vlog because one of you guys is
gonna see it and you're gonna send them
pizza don't send a why don't we boys
Pete but anyways Timo and I were
watching my friend Alex Wasabi's of law
he how do I describe this what we saw it
doesn't make sense he did a magic trick
where if you're not able to pick someone
up no matter how much they weigh you are
able to pick them up I literally don't
know how else to say it doesn't make any
fucking sense it is one of the weirdest
things I've ever said I call that
FaceTime them I'm like homie what the
how does it work how does it work bro I
love you already I don't know no no no
no no no what I know we got some inside
scoop or something impossible is now
possible my friend how do you do you
know sometimes like five people are just
ready to go they can eat like hey do
this lucky for you I think future Logan
has that handle take it away
ah
ideas like my haircut yeah I'm a fan
that's whatever yo-yo yeah see you guys
I want to do a magic trick with you guys
using you guys I just saw you guys are
standing together like this can you just
hit like some for me just hit like a
little like ah sending me your location
ah damn mud pit in the okay so I don't
know if this is gonna work again I saw
my friend Alex doing this could be a
mega fail I don't know if it is I'm
probably just gonna chill here and make
these guys sing to me for the rest of
the night but it doesn't okay let's give
this a go boys what you want to do is to
have you too Jody here the heavy legacy
the chair that's the fatty chair how
much you waited like 2180
okay okay cool cool and the rest of your
father you just let it I know one of the
must a makes no sense you just liked all
of you guys five is okay I don't want to
tape your fingers like this in this like
gun formation okay you guys think about
if you put your hand here
oh no fingers with a big steel rod we
drop your biological out of your
building tomorrow on three try to take
Jonah and cupcake one Jim three
don't wait wait wait how much does that
weigh
they gotta the dreads okay dude 40 words
on okay just doesn't be weird
sit down Jared ball in church with the
fingers one two three I think I think
it's going to be good the best way to
describe to put your hands in like
you're going to do like a break but what
no you don't have to do it not just just
everyone calm down one at a time
starting this way I think this is
clockwise what you can't touch each
other as well so go like this do it boom
boom don't touch very important not to
touch Zach again yep going back around
the circle don't touch now Daniel
removed there you go boom boom boom boom
now do the finger thing and try to pick
them up what what happened why does it
happen
magic magic but what's your scientific
explanation
we probably lessened gravity when the
gravity it was like wow gravity goes yo
that's why I think you were able to pick
them up in the first place because I
think it's about like unity what you
guys are already there and it's like the
mindset of like becoming one that's
created it that's nice yeah science
we're gonna give Timo try I like how
he's just staring at them is no way you
do it
there's no way this is without doing the
hand thing one right now you got a low
you got a little bit you got a little it
so much - bum do not move yup cyber
unified or you walk away yeah three two
one
got it touching me up without real quick
just like just right to do what
okay hey guys we're back to what I know
it feels like I've looked you have a
point where you just feel like you're
about to take off this is we're knocking
a lot I'm uncomfortable I'm on some I'm
on some voodoo shit right now you guys
have a good night all right I'll go back
to house oh I'm telling you I was
sitting down and then I was floating you
holding in the air fro they pick me up
like was nothing broke yeah bro has
designer would say no I don't feel like
a Sultanate winning designers Inc hey
first up
yeah he probably was second off
something one of my sister boy all right
that's my boy you're making fun with you
my boy Julie we are back home it was a
good day today man yeah yeah I got stuff
done I see hair looking I see achieve
the impossible to dinner with my boys
and we hit I can wear like 300,000 likes
and the why don't we boys music videos
I'm just going to say it for me it's
cool to know that you guys also care
about the stuff that I'm directing more
than just me being like an actor or
writer whatever it is like you guys care
about like my project which i think is
awesome low gang like seriously thank
you guys I love you for that
and does that know that is the day it's
going to be real sad leaving this place
on Thursday I'm gonna miss it but hey on
to bigger and better things low gang I
say it every day I say it again today I
love you and I will see you tomorrow
take it easy BAM peace well oh get hurt
I'm fine please
thank you bitch
I throw the guy a hard amazing joke I've
already waited you know me too
