good morning Logan what's behind you
comes with something new instead of
popping all the time regardless today is
a big game today's hahahaha oh boy yeah
okay so here's what's going down jamming
tonight in this box this box this box
this box this box this box all these
boxes contain packets that turn water
into slime now you may have seen these
videos on YouTube before basically all
you do is dump this power in the water
and the water turns into slime I just
said that and why do I have so much what
could one human being possibly do with
that much slime power so is that human
being as a brother named Jake Paul who
has a pool he could take the slime
powder and put it in the pool which is
exactly what we're doing today haha
turning my brother's pool into slime is
the whole thing no I've just to break
from the pack on my brother they're all
really good but I've never gone too far
this time might be too full emo my man
is just too far are we going too far ok
let's do it ok so this top section
really happy oh my god and like I said
we have a color box so we have to get
this it with how we do the transport do
you know this is half of what we have
this is probably 150 pounds
yeah
yes we are all around a bat and then
we're going to go to jail also look at
my baby looking beautiful my gang okay
so yeah I must fill my car with the rest
of the slime I'll be right back do you
mean like yeah twelve seconds or so quiz
seconds lay down so part of the reason
that I got this car was not only because
it's a cool car but had to buy yeah so
part of the reason I got this car was
not only because it's a cool car but we
ended up actually filling up the entire
trunk so we stacked up back here see
that little lone box back there and like
in out the point where I'm starting to
think this is to fall admit it's too far
bro are you sure we all know the tipo
says so and I think we're good yeah
ladies and gentlemen boys and girls we
have arrived at the Jay Cal and I know
that only because of this obnoxiously
manly truck as Jake's truck right there
and this obnoxiously annoying car that
beat my car in the race damn it by the
way now I feel like it's a good time to
say hey what's up guys my name is Logan
Paul's you did not know that I'm an
actor entertainer Internet create I
break the Internet I don't know bro what
I'm out here I'm also crazy you couldn't
tell and if for whatever reason you're
watching this and you're not a part of
the family you're not part of the low
gang make sure to subscribe hit the
family join the Logan let me tell you
litmus level is maximum here with that
said let's go inside and continue our
prime morning boy cuz that's all you got
a day are you kidding me right now are
you doing AJ doesn't have a bed for you
but because Kappa from this house is a
mess
Timo you're right this I don't even feel
bad anymore bro oh my god bro this is
the pool obviously it is absolute
we disgusting they literally call it the
lagoon around here because it's vile
like I don't even know if this is
swimmable I'm pretty sure it's just
asked it anyways oh you know Birds bro
also for those of you wondering how this
is possible how I know Jake is not here
these boys Jake's best friend from high
schools they want to what happened you
tell me Oh Jake Francis so like that's
not fun so Attica I convinced them to
come on team low gang and now we gonna
mess them up a little bit my boy if you
feel that breakfast yeah he's gonna
meetings like another hour we got one
hour
Oh Brendan tears my buzz I told you guys
I'm pretty sick
okay we even start moving the boxes we
got some more help I appreciate you guys
yeah I think after this get started
there's no going back like it
okay Kimo open up the box do it zero yes
my bug go inside of this box we have a
bunch of thee and in there there there
there there there and there they get it
oh my god I severely severely
underestimated how long this is going to
take three of us it took us eight
minutes to empty all these packets into
this and we have so much more to go
how's it coming guys making progress
Leon over here yo admit it's a pain is
it too far yet team oh yeah oh yeah
kinda have to rush right now cuz Jake is
on his way home but after filling all of
these receptacles with slime powder it
is time to do the dumping so without
further ado lo gang
I'm gonna go okay
oh my god the pre-employment ah oh
you're the bottom the bottom is so
slippery the bottom it just feels like
I'm gonna go print his back did I can
barely walk oh yeah yo it's so hard to
move looking good come on bro come in
please
I think not the time to apologize to my
brother Jake cuz I really messed up your
book I really versa people people we
have on today come
okay let me get out imma try to get up
so apparently uh niggas coming home soon
morning Tessa your money surprise for
you here go hey how are you doing I feel
in Y here taking a dip and kuba felt
like I need to get a chance I'm pale
we got sting a little pale on the water
looking at me like that then I don't
know you look like this you're gonna get
it equal what is to do what makes you
think I did something did you let this
happen again I might um some depth in
the backyard if you want to go look at
it right now That's not me you want to
look silly
not down that were you bottle it no huh
I'm here how many do often no one here I
didn't do anything I didn't do it I
don't even know why you're freaking out
good oh yeah I just think of the green
pool that's lime I turned you pulling
this line not a boy no it looks like
this no we're gonna get a video wait
were you already out of this evaluating
us as a kid yeah you suck at life you
read it together we're not in this
together it's like 10:00 a.m. have you
come over them out do you guys uh see
the claws of all of the filters oh yeah
yeah I'm all right no you ha oh yeah oh
fuck oh yes yes are you sorry yeah yeah
oh sorry
it's like oh oh fuck ah
easy now if you don't mind I'm gonna
take a dip in your pool thank yo yo
Yanis it's only getting worse bro what
do you mean anymore digging stick why is
it that right bro it's the lagoon
cryogens Emily I picked it okay
holonomic looks lush yeah we put that in
there the price maybe but it worked out
it worked out take equator before you go
inside
can I have a hug no yeah I don't know
one huh
come on G no there's no holiday color oh
I'm sorry
there's no yeah damn that was six death
okay
came over too far nah
Louie yo we forgot to clean up the pool
man we are back home I feel disgusting
literally so gross Jake has dead rats in
his pool there are two of them anyways
I'm here now in my sort of clean-ish
apartment and quick update on a movie
airplane mode you guys know about
airplane mode it has been picture locked
meaning the movie is done being edited
it is being set off two of the effects
the visual effects and sound design
would they will finish the movie ah also
I just watched yesterday's vlog with
designer yo this is amazing dude kind of
make a movie with that can I gotta do
something anyways I know it's a little
early but you boys got some grinding to
do so imma get back to work Logan I love
you enjoy your Sunday I will see you
tomorrow
take it easy fan
don't forget 150,000 like the video and
subscribe
