so get a little bit me up oh no I got
family yeah
good morning okay another touch for the
notes bro hell yeah
so there's a reason that I started off
the day singing and that is because I am
singing with Sud I'm making a track with
designer today you guys know the song
that he made it's about that endangered
uh bear sort of animal it goes like this
that's the one
what's up command Amanda blender blender
damn it I'm still dead I got my meal
right here get some food in me also
within this box ooh you guys have no
ideas as you know or may not know my
birthday is coming up on April 1st I
might be dropping some awesome official
log until March around that time I'm
talking March mavar socks are lit I mean
these things are great but we need to
expand our arson first item on the
agenda though we have a production
meeting for Logan Paul versus season two
it seems like the boring stuff behind
making this show happen I don't know but
we're going so let's go like a broken
another here we job yeah is energetic
yeah I think our whole team is here
somewhere maybe in there oh good morning
good morning
oh yeah okay so people are still
shuffling in I'm gonna take this time to
do stuff on this beautiful thing y'all
know I love green screens right you know
I love that oh I'm an aegis okay wait
now where am I oh I'm in the bathroom
this toilet everyone cool it's melting
here to worry about it I'm just making
green screen jokes Bennett come on roll
the vlog loves you the low gang loves
you by the way can I get this chair I
know it says director at camera check
it's not worth it roof that's here I
need a vlog I drop the papers everywhere
damage yes don't look now but I think
I'm looking at the smoothest doughnut
I've ever seen in my life how can it
doughnut be this smooth and perfect made
and the Apple - what is this place
this guy's going to
listening attentively and myself gets
camera I am listening
guys I gotta do this meeting I'll be
back I can brought in another famous
right well we're back home I'm so sorry
I'm screaming cuz I need to wake myself
up as usual your boy is tired but not
usual we ain't got no time to retire I
got to change it and we gotta go sing
with the design Hey
hi yeah I'm good oh you heard going to
sing with that yeah yeah yeah the pitch
yeah the Panda guy ha ha while we're in
the car on the way there's gonna be a
gangster party without my gold
sunglasses ha ha ha ha what Wow
vocal wolf vocal warm-ups a prime
important red leather yellow leather red
leather yellow leather
our now brown cow okay I think that's
good nice nice record broke records well
that's what we're making today record
we're in room C for anyone that wants to
stalk us we're in room C oh hello we're
here to make songs yes ok cool Wow Thank
You yo this is way
oh my yahoo that guys is me Logie dubs
so when we walked in designer was
actually playing one of his unreleased
tracks and for obvious reasons I cannot
show you or let you hear the song even
though I love you here's us meeting like
soon to be best friends forever and with
that let's continue the vlog so I'm
about to get my makeup designer is
chilling next to his tracks
fires son to the next to that fires done
so I'm talking about rogue what did you
say your name was I found this
interesting Spanish that's my name of a
language yeah I'm gonna change my name
to a German because my man Timo is from
German game so I got my makeup on I'm
looking at sexy as I can possibly be for
a cha also okay so this is the studio
right here see it's right here
apparently this is the studio that dr.
Dre recorded in that
one guy on designer recorded here and
other dude Logan Paul will record here
and I don't know I like I can't tell if
this mic is ready for the fire he not
ready bro but I'm ready baby
it's exhausted here's what I hate about
coming into singing not a singer like I
can sing I can kind of hit some note
this is fairly difficult for me bro by
the way what does all this stuff
actually do like juices each one of
these have like a certain function is
just a sea of buttons like come on all
of these can't actually do something
then again what do I know right I'm just
an X Y star I have the gold sunglasses
from the met what is on your wrist River
yo-yoing the icy road Jesus I thought I
was cool
god Bless America let's chop it up it
look good on camera kid ah Logan Paul
and designer seeing 101 comma mark take
one moment designer mo man yo thank you
for coming this studio man helping me
write a hit song all go ready go go yeah
I was telling you guys gonna deal with
this chick this one is dedicated to
designer I've got broads in Atlanta ah
that black like a panda her credit card
in the scanners yeah don't have the rest
of the word gonna brag oh and the band
oh yeah admit I got bars row is he is
that a damn is my boy down my god I'm
not a singer but I'm having too much fun
right now
ah let's do a technical difficulties
lizard-alien
aliens are interrupting my bars because
they know I'm to fly and if I keep
talking like this Emma lose my singing
voice Alma stop what did you guys do I
was like this all makes sense sounds
awesome hit but English my bars were so
hot you mean was surprised they just
spilled on the keyboard it was so far it
was to Cairo to be honest with you man I
doubt all these buttons like really do
something so maybe
okay toss a few hours is crazy he's only
getting worse when seconds later oh no
what are we even have you got Mickey
Mouse and slogan Eagle bald eagle down
guys is this me it just mean those days
designer is very good we got worse the
whole time we got you guys we got you
good hahahaha can you teach me how to
make these noises you look over the ages
you hungry dear already oh I just feel
like an idiot bro
imma leave it up to you my man killed my
man killed what you eatin bro what we
got here let's hold up you mean student
ID motto
why have a German snack grow here in
America we do it well I'm gonna get you
an American snacks oh this is it for oh
Jesus my man
everyone loves cheese's you got also
that was not paid Jesus you're welcome
for the plugs
and oh my god we finished that was
incredible designer is one of my new
favorite people like I got George he's
cool I got marquise Cooper designer he's
not there bro I gotta learn how to do
his noises but I can't even do headed
back to the crib oh right now so yeah
let's do this okay we are back home but
I realize we're leaving like right now
going to the movies dude me and my boys
don't go see a movie but yes it's a fact
also I just realized I'm pulling a prank
tomorrow on my brother Jake you guys
know Jake Poe
he does this thing he on the Disney
Channel he goes here we go
but when i walked in i saw these
packages y'all remember all the boxes
that i got in the mail the other day
yeah well they're for this prank i have
messed brother Jake up in the past I
have really
with this one hahahaha gonna take the
cake like he's normally cool with the
pranks this one he might actually be
pissed at me with his right he's gonna
be really mad she like team was like
dialog from the back and yeah I can say
it in today's vlog because by the time
this one is up will already be finished
shooting anyways bro it time to go get
some dinner and watch a movie with my
boys hey I'm at the pier with my boo I'm
amazing so now that we're here are you
guys ready to go back home okay cool oh
why does it happen boom okay we are back
home to be honest with you I don't even
know why I brought my camera to the
movies but I did so you guys can see
that part of my life a team of
background noises phenomena and that is
it for the vlog my family Logan I love
you guys I will see you tomorrow take it
easy fam
it's you bitch mom to watch me alone I'm
going up and down I love you I love no
more
