so as these guys are grinding we're kind
of finding out where everything is in
this building talking like the trash ooh
the hot neighbors if there's any cameras
around us given what I do and that I
pretty much destroy everything I touch I
got to know where the cameras are last
my man Jake here to do a camera scale
would you find jeans because only one
pot so I'm a boy as you know he's still
upstairs oh wait this is wishes
inception bone that's where you're
kissing yourself on the face oh my god
what's Sunday for me Monday for you
again I'm sorry I actually have the day
off when I say day I it's like day out
the whole day I am working to set up my
new apartment because I'm officially
getting kicked out of this one in seven
day reasons like this because there's
duct tape all over my walls also for
reasons like this because we paint the
wall why am I allowed to live anywhere
and yo can you shut up a block out in
this new places and his new place is
even nicer than this place and I'm Vonda
just get out okay I showered off and
while I was in the shower mere model kit
all right yeah bro dig know what Jake
Paul does is Roman saying why would you
turn it down can you help me tear it
down oh yeah bro
get out of my wall yo snap y'all get up
no no no
oh god okay well yeah we're beyond the
point of no return
let's go check out my new footage so
Matt Wampus house right now he said he
needed to take a shower before go to my
play and I go to check in his fridge
because I'm a hungry growing boy but
this is how you know he's Mexican we
have water alcohol and red Wampus my boy
I know his plan into a stop process one
drink all the alcohol step number two
drink the Red Bull stay up all night
step number three drink the water for
recover and even when you think we found
all the alcohol one more can't forget
the spiced rum welcome to the Caribbean
wha coming come on bro we tell you to do
your charge to get five minutes now you
see maybe ah I see you're not boys with
your boy until you see his dick that's a
fan okay we're both close now I'm not
saying I want to be close but I want you
to listen to something going in
penthouse level and then she goes down
on you Wafaa is gonna rent a little spot
in my apartment for 100 bucks a month
just to say something is his that's my
boy that's me your mom when I was more
dog you know I am a dog yes sometime oh
no we did not say this no dog calorie no
don't leave me Jacob okay I missed out
on this conversation pee pee bro you
yeah what you see the balcony jeez would
you fuck the magnet ah it's cool right
yeah well you got it 100 bucks a month
I deal you liked it please head thank
you yeah looking about got it back to me
okay leave our furnishes like tough like
what I mean Vegas what do you furnish it
better than it I just told them to keep
this furniture here this is not mine to
you it's not a gift I'm paying first
it's on me
time
ah
this is bad he goes out for things that
now I don't even sound going that way
what there's a family of four that lives
through that wall which is an issue
obviously because this is my room I'm
smashing and like my girls are getting
like a little left like the family's
gonna be like what it's going it would
be okay we were on the rooftop I'm
showing welcome roof also I'm not a lot
of film in this building because it's
like super building just had my
orientation this morning and they said
they're like you cannot vlog up here but
I'm gonna do it because next you cannot
live here any longer until you were in
Miami no no we're still in love in yeah
you can see what his current apartment
here wouldn't be don't believe that
conversations from me imagine we put a
cup and the string all the way over
there all over there using you ever see
the movie of the guy who walked between
the two twin towers yeah yeah shoot a
boner go now then we walk across walk
across yeah I don't know I'd rather take
the elevator down oh because then go and
you don't like to become a little legend
yeah it's totally worth quick pan just
so you guys see again this surrounds all
of Los Angeles is more on that side and
then there's one band now on my way to
the book world right now on my way to
the bird store to get a case for a
maverick because I want my boy to live
in style and guess who came with me what
are we gonna catch for Jacob
there's Jacob I don't know oh god no we
don't I'm not getting a dog I'm getting
it what do you not realize but why you
saying we we're not roommates
we hired a little the others know we
never knew it'd be loaded it's a chair
in there no you don't even know you're
bringing up culture right here we go 100
this is no I don't support the dog but
there are birds here you should get a
bird rope I better get a mate for
maverick he's never smash smash i'ma
make sure he smashes maybe we get yo
maybe we hire one of these birds to be a
little bird prostitute and we come and
give marigold you know it's not like I
don't want to lose make sure these birds
are pampered here let's go look at the
parrot look at the honey look at the
parrot now look at one big
what are you doing something about
getting one of these for like the middle
of the house from average to just hang
out chill and I also need a big cage I'm
talking to high quality h2o we're
looking at a different type of birds
wampa had a suggestion what did you
actually get him away like a natural
white like white not some slut away we
may there maybe down the line legit I
just like it's one bird it's so much to
take care of maybe in the future I'll
get maverick away comment comment if you
guys think of any America lecture I in
the kids I said well maybe my know what
he's doing whatever I can't afford to be
nice but we should get them we think one
thing could any of these being his wife
seen with willing but something wrong
and I just kind of circles most knob
really want one that looks like Matt was
like oh nice and help you guys you see
you see how good care I take a maverick
so he doesn't look like it baby please
give a bleep win
oh the ugly twin I'd like my brothers
Jake polish to me I love my turret I do
so I only get the top not stuff I'm
talking whatever this is I'm talk to you
these four berries have you ever seen a
better father than things like on it has
ever a better father than me you're not
a father Jake of his my son minaj now
there is no jig doesn't take about an
equation one paid a lot of their ways
for my man has a number 35 our II and
and he's still birdie shopping with me
you can't even tell anyone I'm starting
so tell ya why have you kind of set your
eye is kind of dilating and falling into
what we're kind of collapsing to manage
your okay I'm he's crashing he's really
tired and he has like 5% battery left
but not on his phone like like battery
like he's about to die actually think
about this morning $30
I love my bird
that's a backdrop Thanks okay so wampa
did not die however he is on the birds
of crashing I do have stuff to do so I
can't bring him to his room
walk back buddy oh that's my boy oh I
will see you later dude
your rooms that way you got it bro just
get up and go to your left
I got a bird cage people ever my
goodness oh that remember they throw
parties across the way like they throw
big parties here every Sunday and the
music you can hear it
Hey in about one hour this place gonna
be popping oh my god I'm looking at the
honey's in between me and you guys Logan
how easy eating is going to be to find a
girl right here and just a girl like I
live like right there if you want to
come hang out of something especially
because the door to get there is right
there Emily I heard anyways it doesn't
ring the front desk like super loud so
if you want to go through you gotta
sneak through it oh boy
so anytime I want to go over there with
the shortcut that's what I have to deal
with what I don't do up bro like I got
to that good good hey say something be
thankful huh
that's right number two like a second
number two I hired people to move the TV
for me because I didn't want to do not
because I'm lazy because the only way I
don't want to move TVs is by throwing
them these boys are going to get the job
done
oh this is making me nervous look at all
this dust
yeah what to do so please subscribe Nene
always plug that's work that's right but
as these guys are grinding we're kind of
finding out where everything is in this
building talking like the trash chute
the hot neighbors if there's any cameras
around us given what I do and that I
pretty much destroy everything I touch I
got to know where the cameras last my
man Jake here to do a camera Scout would
you find geez dude is only one does only
one camera yeah this
oh I don't think that was there a week
ago that sucks we actually did a scout
along the rest of the hallway as well
Jake just finish what tell me there's
more cameras yes but the only one is
pointing directly at you don't know
these mothers This Means War dude this
is water which you're calling a bomb Bob
I'm trying to set up internet at my new
home a blogger gut what are click you're
not typing you're a robot has to hold it
and I'll connect you to someone
oh yeah get some Wi-Fi that's why my
uploads have been late the past two days
is for everyone who hates me for that I
deserve it guys I do but it will make
you feel better to know that I'm sitting
here I'm grinding you know I'm setting
up my new apartment
dang Boys Noize well although I'm a
little bit dumb I'm also kind of smudgy
I'm taking advantage of the
professionals and having them hang my
paint it's not that I'm lazy it's just
usually when I try to hang paintings I
end up throwing the good job I now throw
a lot of so I'm just sitting outside
right now enjoying the Sun I'm a little
disappointed this party isn't popping
like I thought it was gonna be
well because everyone is that Coachella
but I do got to say it is a good Sunday
like I'm just never mating time you
wanna get out of here
welcome to I'm actually down bro he
asked me or mama well know why is it
kisses yes yeah because tortilla and get
so big idea that doesn't make sense to
me but okay they can't get the painting
straight and it's really it's really
difficult cuz I don't know what they're
saying this is why he's my Mexican
friend and I bought it because it was
movin on up he's gonna be okay okay I
understand
he said TV I'm learning they haven't
been able to get this straight but I
needed to be straight for my lawyer
meeting because they have stuff to do no
no no come on guys we just move that up
we'll be good to guys if you can't tell
I'm freakin exhausted I don't know what
happening just like tired me out officer
by the way TV and racing in room yeah so
good good no except almond oh let me
look oh I heard are they leaving
yeah no leave me hanging but it's
unattended no God please no here's a
short story short I fixed the painting
myself because that's what you do when
you want something done off yo.hannes is
on FaceTime with waffle right now he is
also a big boy
okay you don't have to go hey you know
you don't want them going fees or
anything no he's going back to Mexico
bro you leave Donald Trump's wall we'll
keep you up forever doesn't remember you
or doesn't say that wrong remember what
I said stop well who's that girl oh
that's freaking weird you are mark boom
like okay guys - with my Mexican friend
leaving and probably never coming back
that is the vlog I'm about to go work
out I am exhausted and I do not want but
I know that if I push myself in the
state of like laziness like Sunday
laziness it's going to make me a better
person I'm going to do it because I want
to be the best son and I'm gonna be the
best son as usual thank you guys for
watching I hope I get settled in my new
house because that is a pain in the ass
and with that low gang I love you and
I'll see you tomorrow do not forget be a
maverick I got
let's you bit
hey you as you understand per unit
that's why I actually have a measure
knowledge Oh
