go walking my bird
yeah Fabrice welcome to the real world
buddy isn't it great yeah sitting of the
morning no gang what hey so today as you
guys know yo I'm moving bro like I have
to clear out this entire apartment
everything in here and move it somewhere
else but then again I guess yeah we're
moving in it just sucks bro a because
it's just a hassle and be yo given I
watch I'll watch it just joke guys I've
had so many memories here bro not a spot
in this apartment hasn't been smashed on
bro not a spot has been part of an epic
viral video smash smash viral video
viral video smash viral video 2 years of
my life bro gone today
well not I'm ok I'm not dying it just
feel like you I'm gonna miss annoying
people from here oh really oh god
good morning young doggy I know I know
I'm sad too I think you'll be able to
fly in our new house is big it is really
big what yeah it's right next door
shouldn't it what oh I guess you're
right maverick you know why this little
parrot that I don't know I thought you
left me yesterday bro I did leave you
bro come on mark what you're leaving me
I am wait are you moving today yeah but
I'm staying in the building I also moved
yesterday but I was like there are too
many memories in this place again dad
you are let's mention in this God again
sucks bro yo you're moving today
officially I'm moving today this is
going to be empty ass house bro channel
card Oh bro sorry like there's no way
you're gonna do the security deposit
I know the walls both far wall by the
way I look employee don't move but from
this angle you sort of have a six-pack
nah a little bit bro yep bye mark I'm
sure see arrived today I'll be moving
but now you're gonna try to see you
again
alright Chuck you li not moving sucks
rope but I'm a smart man and I use my
YouTube power and got some little gang
Hey yeah I met these savages in the
store and I was like I got some moving
do you think you can help me move and
another here oh hi mark
oh hi mark you this is the moving team
today bro are you doing my sack with my
smash them Oh probably should not sit
down on any of these second mark doctor
lot lots of worries we've we've marked
our tears our oh it's a fun joke anyway
yo yo come here come here bro how tall
you and how old you okay dude I mean
none of this information
just a minute before I made this comment
appropriate way do you watch my blog
wait wait wait why how original advise
yeah our stuff is Rocchi bro do you
watch yeah all you tell you seventy you
you you you how did you do that
epic no barrage exercise there is an
expert on stairs that you actually
excuse me love you yeah also the store I
forgot a week ago and you're like yo
could we help you move because I thought
I was moving I said yeah bro
all-hands-on-deck mother were they still
interested I'll make sure they don't
listen to me carefully
okay this is important if you steal
something for me today I will kill you
it's not funny I will literally kill you
that's not thrown at the problem put
your hands in here moving team up today
boy
all right so we decided to start oh
Jesus that's scary we decided to start
here and like I just realized roses
sucks like how do you decide what to
keep them with us there's just so much
so much okay so we were making progress
lowly but surely I'm not going to like
having a lot of people makes it much
easier but this still sucks dude
traversing through the parking garage
let's go this makes it really easy I
feel bad for you hoverboards for the
wind this is the rest of our squad right
here you can't tell him and hammer the
actual movers they are much more
efficient than us but we're doing it
guys
there we go Kyle we sure positive wounds
feelings there Kyle my man you could
retire with the solder this is such a
complicated path man we're like in some
garage right now by the way I'm carrying
the famous maverick painting a big walls
of it love G I'm your new neighbor
all right talk to you later long til I
get kicked out of this place
I give it two weeks elevator number
three how y'all feelin or where are
these right now the underground tunnels
ecute evoke a a that's going to be my
worst nightmare this is a elevator
number four we had explained to two
groups
I will be sus bro when I got my moving
sauce bro hey we've made it out of
elevator number four and here finally in
the resident section just look at these
hallways man just sophistication I'm
probably not a you're not going to show
you my room number but here we go hello
oh my and the 10 year old okay so we're
in the new apartment this place is
looking snazzy and clean this right here
is gonna be my bedroom this right here
gonna be my bathroom hey and you guys
have seen this before but check out this
balcony on the edge of this donkey look
it's like old yo this cat about to
commit suicide bro this is nuts look at
this drop guy don't you jump Kenny you
got a lot to live for
I came out here to show you guys how
cool and how big the balcony was but
there's just catch trying to kill
themselves there we go yes good kitty
good kitty so this is a mattress oh my
new mattress yo this thing is actually
really fun to pop up there we go I do
want to give a shout out to Casper for
sending me that bag and also for giving
us a box to put my stuff in for the rest
of the days for folks to you the real
MVP Thank You yo as they're leaving I
have one thing to say although I live
right next door I'm pretty sure this is
worse than moving from like point A to
point B because that will you just load
a truck right and then you go to the new
spot and this way we have to go through
four elevators a parking garage a
basement and then we're here and I'll
say it again it's just kind of fun real
good thing I got these Sun bro hey I've
done that a lot today I'll do it again
hey back for round 2 and these guys saw
some local gangsters across the street
hey there they are
are there screaming you guys are making
them scream my god that used to be you
guys I was you Rosa now we're moving
together ruff Paul yeah that my boy is
always plugging I would have fun
I was pretty loud you okay you're gonna
be okay I love you guys okay for love
you maverick always reppin cuz Croce's
man the Proteas gonna have a new home
this is crazy here you go buddy I'll
never let go except now I guess I just
let you go all right so this stuff is
going to take a bit to move but oh hi
mark
oh hi mark I'm sorry bro we're going to
move this stuff soon you're good for now
though my boy run number two here we go
squad we got there I'm not going to show
you guys the floor number but listen to
what this chick says hey I'm just saying
bro girls are going to get off that
elevator be like whit you're in the
penthouse yeah yeah yeah baby I'm in the
penthouse anyways come to my room two
more three more chests for market maybe
eight more chests and we're done okay as
we were emptying out my closet two
things are coming to mind the love
stacks upstairs are gonna be up edge to
that right there
okay maverick we gotta go ahead I know
buddy we gotta put you in the buck I was
just kidding I'm not putting you in the
box row calm down I got you though bruh
I know I got you good that's a bit but
the good news is you got your sexy ring
on that's right at least you look like a
savage bro no it's not great he's a good
bird anyone loves you you want to say hi
he's just minding his own business but
don't worry about nav akise gonna pet
you
oh I said swerve yo Matt why keep
swerving him bro I will say normally he
attacks people bro so maybe it's cuz
your hair is the same color as his body
you're kinda you're kind of off the
Chams we have a bond oh my boy is the
bird whisperer yeah I'll come back for
you later maverick don't worry buddy yo
stop are you doing oh that's my youtube
flag bro
put it back yeah they put it back put it
back I'll unleash the beast so as I was
explaining to these guys I kind of like
gave up in this portion of the room oh
no oh dear god no it looks like noodles
my boys making noodles what do you
no no they're not
I don't even know yo he must have stolen
paper towels from here and just drag
them over here I look like a total slob
because you man you're embarrassing me
on YouTube what yeah you are no it's not
my fault bro you're the slut oh my god
the closets are clearing out and now we
have one thing to do in that Tim I mean
okay I put that wrong I'm not going to
do my bird is here we got to move my
burgers fabric I have an idea bro oh man
I got to tell you something yeah we're
gonna take you a Hollywood what no bro
we're taking you in Hollywood Boulevard
yeah well go for a ride you're gonna be
a wild bar beverage that's right that's
right again
I walked my first yeah
fabric welcome to the real world buddy
this is great everything the light
touches is our kingdom for million
dollars
Polly cousin we're going to go up to
your new house hey you guys don't know
this is like a hundred fifty-pound Rajas
dead weight the apartment is pretty
empty right now oh my gosh this makes me
sad
hands and everybody we killed it by the
way we still have more to do I have a
meeting I need to go to right now but uh
savage Africa's war two or three stuff
bye guys
let's do whoa wait whoa hey hi yo turn
what is this hey yo what is this
grunting what is this what did I tell
you about stealing my man do you
remember what I told you about Tina's
you know what I have to do now what
okay so this is the meeting that I was
talking about
I'm actually doing a location scout at
this art gallery check it out man look
at all this art and then we got calm
anyways yeah man this place is fricking
down and I'm directing the why don't we
boys music video again that's right bro
directed another music video directed
something different I've used their
songs in my vlogs before it's kind of
catchy it goes like this is good right
but yeah director Logan coming back
tomorrow the hats going on and it's cool
because I don't direct often so when I
can exercise that muscle I'm in anyways
we're done here we finished our work I'm
going to go back home keep moving Deb
transition I think so well does that
work
nice nice so this is actually kind of
sad bro I'm with my boy mark and we just
realized this is our last day as
roommates two years of being roommates
then I'm getting emotional walk bro
think about all the memories you had
metaphor words literally so many
memories we get him say 90 and think of
the whole year and a half we live
together where we didn't vlog remember
cat does I get specific names you can't
do this and Mark and I getting nostalgic
guys it's hidden deep for us so we just
figure we get together have a nice room
a meal I used to live in your closet
though yo you did and now you're a
youtube star you see the progression
it's amazing this bra are you responding
I'll stay in your closet to look is that
bro good say a Wisconsin my boy supposed
to be looking surprised when I was able
to do in that closet
wait I don't know for sure but I think
that was this master oh good now we're
doing the late-night die I just moved
into apartment across the street need
some new stuff for my new apartment run
as a good little run their little run
their emphasis on run there no we've
been in here five minutes and I hate it
I hate having to adult and buy stuff
that makes me feel like an adult
honestly there's only one thing I can do
that I know I'm good at
okay yo Rebecca my my new home and this
shop rolls around everything is just a
giant mess except one thing and that's
Kyle
I'm sorry for whining so much today guys
just like as you can see your boy got a
lot of work to do tomorrow you have to
do it tomorrow he'll get done eventually
anyway
director bogan coming back tomorrow
which actually means I probably won't do
this tomorrow but whatever Logan you
know I love you before I sign off kyle
has one thing to say oh yeah follow me
on instagram at Logan poles yeah follow
him on Instagram at that last handle
that you heard I'll see you tomorrow
okay take it easy friends
like she's that
see
what are you doing bro focus Jesus cut
