yo good morning little gang what's up so
I was stretching right there I'm about
to hit the gym you right I also think
I'm going to the gym or sorry I said
that the beach today so you guys know I
want to be looking fully I want to look
good for them biddies dude if aunt
Betty's dish baby did all check so I'm
gonna stop talking get my pump on just
the thing about working out in the
morning is that I'm not really a morning
person but that's okay you're walking my
husband look who I see how bro what's he
doing here oh wow we're in area say hi
stop oh yeah yeah you too
though yo these are Jake's friends from
high school let me just say this is
literally the world's most poisonous and
lethal combo there's a thing that you
guys do all the time the dumbest thing
ever brought up like this so bad and
just it's not even coordinated so I'm
not gonna lie I invited Jake to go to
the beach too but I don't think you see
I don't think he was just in the area
because remember I put the socks in his
closet and he said he was gonna prank me
back hahaha I'm on you I'm on you Jake
ball okay calm calm down boy you're just
walk-in never attack like that that's my
boy good birdie just walk in bro why is
everyone so scared he's like 3 inches
tall he's firmly just all know your
deeds chillin Rose lookit I go for cover
yo get out of my bed go to the pickup go
for the pickup broke go try to pick them
up bro alright alright you got it
well you guys are little girls hiding in
the hallway I'm gonna shower please do
not mess up my house can I get a
confirmation yeah well you're such a
jewel
let me go yeah yes I learned a mr. Brown
skill promise I promise to obey kazamia
don't mess about
nice kids I hate all these kids 20
minutes later ah I should never trusted
them Jake but whatever this is I see hot
in my boxers Oh deck area what's your
problem bro
what's your problem bro too far bro you
know what you're just initiated brother
Jin you just initiated but a black
bubonic plague of pranks bro I'm talking
to play right I'm coming for you in that
but dick is on fire
ah there's more connection son it's all
that's all not really worry about it oh
no I'm coming in hot yo hello God is
that you're just here you can make me
feel better hopefully because my crotch
is burning okay I'm naked
hey just to the vlog knows I'm but a
sanitary now it's not kidding to Tom
Plus that's the deal while you're
looking you just spent way too long Rose
I'm facing you now rose and finish I
know there's like limits I need to be
lucky we do with the hand oh you sure
you don't need two hands ah boy that's
more like it
yo it's richer here Tricia is George's
friend yo watch it bring it on here bro
yeah Patricius uh she's pretty cute she
Georgia's like cousin or something no
but she likes what she sees maybe you
like go on a date or something
hey Tricia so what that yeah oh that's
no we're done with that you don't like
what you see if it makes any difference
I like what I see
that's my boy oh gosh you bro if you are
yeah bro I'm naked
hey guys how you doing George hey how
you doing Trisha what are you doing okay
it's been a while how are you you know
real I'm just chilling stuff you guys
can't see but there's a George
Washington on me for a little bit you
know
how did you get so George want to go get
ready but across the way as per usual I
see some mo gangsters Oh what do we have
here Hey what we have here doing so here
that's the boy hit that double jab got a
girl okay I love you I gotta go inside
the Sun is hurting my pale skin ba Josh
is low gangsters man warms my heart
yo that actually reminds me this
Saturday like 3 maybe 4 p.m. I'm going
to make like a zip line out of that
fishing line right there I'm going to
send the fishing line from my balcony to
that parking garage and then I'm going
to hook the Maverick Sox on it send it
down the line so basically going to be
gifting the loge axis with some that the
smoothie store got some smoothies for me
and my friend I'm a good friend what can
I say so I'm in the car I'm waiting for
my friends I'm oh there they are
you got two forever but Christmas movie
mob y'all I'm gonna put this camera who
covers your face and I can't even see
you there we go yes joy you not you you
should stay up front because you're
smaller it's bigger than you Latricia
should sit next to me I'll wing you
buddy yeah sure something thank you so
much picture Hoosiers thank you that's
the beach in our camp is that the clear
color is my butt yeah oh oh I don't
think I said this yet I'm going
slacklining
it's like tightrope walking but yeah I
know yeah it's hi rope walking hey have
any of you guys ever slackline before I
know what it is yeah before you done it
are you good
yo because that's fun you say that the
guy we're going with is the best in the
world
his name is Pierre which is funny we're
going to be slacklining right next to
the Santa Monica Pier
okay it's really not that funny I'm
gonna get him to do some cool tricks for
us and then hopefully learn the tricks
myself a little teaser legally I don't
even know from a lot of stages with my
show Logan Paul versus I'm slacklining
across the canyon don't needless to say
I gotta get good at it you look great
right now me that is yo besides Trisha
this place is freaking beautiful dude
there's like swings and more swings more
swings lots of swings that's a cute dog
I like your dog that's a cute girl bro
look at this this is acro yoga exactly
what look at their like couples doing
yoga and stuff it's not just about core
yoga I could do it I could do the
airplane that's what do you say that
because I'm bendy this is amazing from
this girl dancing to this guy doing the
upside down slits to this couple oh
that's a sexy couple did this guy clean
his mat nice work I get that ball setup
doing and how we a crowing Georgie do
you see what's over there yeah walking
on this will note the slack lines bro
you guys see all these tight ropes look
at this guy
hi dad oh my god Chris Pierre which one
of these guys is Pierre where that is
PNE yeah go look at how good he is roar
hi how are you bro you're the expert
seeing like egg laying up here straight
spider manning up here bro show me what
you got there oh my oh my you don't need
your fever
yo this is crazy this is so thin that's
what she said how are you doing this I
need you to teach me how to do this
because I'm going across Canyon dang bro
hi talk to me what do I need to know so
even before you stand up put yourself in
this position you want to be when you're
going to be on the line so keep your
head up straight could I be like this
you can dab right before oh yeah but
when you're in it's probably one help
okay imagine you have a string attached
in the middle of your head pulling you
straight up and go straight up and
thinking wait we're gonna start from the
middle yeah you want to start home to
thank you bro you make this look so easy
just thick as my two fingers just give
him the tip here so specific tip do you
think you can do it you know I think his
massive head is going to throw off his
bounce he's ahead of George
oh no you almost had it bro I get maybe
you'll get it this time no okay now you
got it bro
Wow how does good why do you look like
patrick Star the concentration to focus
the determination the beard a chubby
face this year in the nose job
the eyebrows oh yeah I'm supposed to
going across Canyon
oh I got more juice here can I get those
skills bro can you just drink
transitive to me somehow yeah bro I'm
already getting used to it
Hey
okay logon you guys coming up here with
me look ah I'm getting better I'm
getting better a minute now we're going
to your longest one yet yeah we'll leave
a Shirley guy
okay look who came back and is giving it
a go I'm talking George what whoa whoa
here my knees you get off my man that's
my boy right there easy no no chance
don't love you see me like and then
you're dead you're like bro you shake
her like they didn't notice until
zooming in you like not a cop yeah he's
not even he's not even acknowledging
what I said I feel like my channel is
really good for just exposing George I
like it for that I got one question what
then my boy that
after Oh yogi you'll have a pretty good
canyons across I'm doing acro yoga with
George get out of here I gotta focus
Georgie thanks man fuck you have a long
way low going to fall got it up on your
head the bird stuck never doesn't
deserve that divers life
Jay Paul isn't sicker than low game but
I didn't mean that other shows get a
better
ah what you look like a chameleon my boy
I think I should get that one yeah I
have a question for you why you're in
your boxes when did that happen
okay one of my favorite things about
coming to the beach is that the Sun set
right of course just to stick tonight
honestly I was a joke it's not funny
going do acro yoga they probably laugh
at that yeah Yoga I found a strong guy
his name's Islam that's right the
religion yeah yeah okay great he wants
to do a flag off of me whatever the
first at me there you go no wait why ah
no wait a second do this I do this side
yeah I could be stronger are you going
on inside yeah hold up I got this I got
this
so Islam we got Christianity Judaism
these guys are about to do a flag thing
we got squeeze ah we're going fire me
I'm gonna try the double play
I've been training I could practically
I'm gonna try a trick of the day and
then we'll get on out of here but watch
it wasn't it that was George you look so
different right in my suit I'm serious
that's it my man thank you I'm learning
from the best so yeah I'm gonna give you
this to train with yo do you want to do
this
have you seen my vlogs roll I destroyed
things are you sure you want to do this
it might destroy you oh bring it up bag
ok we are here at home we do sales my
line get out my blubber eggs a friend i
betray now I'm still here though they
can't see me but you know it is so foggy
guys that's all fall damn I thought this
was gonna be like a dope beach day I
thought I was gonna get like 10 and get
girls and steady just got paler and did
AcroYoga with a dude dang lucky I'm not
a lot of being a straight ball be better
yeah okay guys we are back in Hollywood
it was like an hour to get home and the
traffic's suck and we slept the whole
time the whole time I feel are you good
great I'm actually use awesome ain't got
no time to be tired ain't nobody got
time for there's just two things I still
have to do wanna have to review a cut of
that music video I direct remember that
boy band called why don't we they I made
this song somebody
well the editors coming over a little
bit and he goes show me that he and also
look across the way you guys see all the
lights up here and also that girl right
there it looks like she's dancing naked
well apparently that place is like
opening up tonight and having a big
party for it so I got to go to that yeah
but first I have to get showered and
cleaned off so let's do it
oh god the camera you okay this is Eli
he's the editor yo you killed it bro bro
bro some very serious shit he's very
serious
let me show you guys a little something
housing mr. Naumann casts an eye on what
oh I just take you to the moon the
lovely hey yo he like getting it bro do
you like the song I love it me to go
which is weird cuz it's a boy band
I think I think it's little honestly Oh
God no spilling out an on three in a row
Johannes and I have this razor oh when
we go out together is because a little
Hannes is just like the best night ever
before I have a big huge Amaro I'm
shooting with the rock tomorrow I gotta
take it easy yo yo what oh look ah
which is history million guys Wow wait
Dennis okay I love you guys we did okay
guys wish me luck I'll try to let this
Austrian man yeah okay okay you guys I
love you thank you for 3 million we're
gonna keep growing I will see you guys
tomorrow
take it easy
come on got a vlog around here and I'm
doing wait a second wait a second you
guys look like my brother Han okay my
brother's head
