good morning okay.what morning no gang
driving fall we just started Lagos it at
the end but I like that look sad so
today's a fun day it's a special day we
got den we got Kyle we got Ashley and we
got Janelle what switch damn and X wins
cocky oh yeah yeah we got actually we
got Janelle doesn't reason why these
random fucker in my house no offense
guys is because I bought a school bus
that was in New York I had to get it to
California so my dad was like yo I'll do
it bro anything for the no gangsters
why'd you turn Mexican did you hear
anything was alligator sniffing but yeah
he drove across the country with them
and convinced them to come with them I
don't know how it's a little weird but
okay by the way you look good in that
maverick hoodie bro I feel stronger feel
faster and smarter I don't know if I can
get any better looking though oh my god
you just have it lastly if you look
closely up here we got manager dress she
did the mean for you bro yes Jeff how
did you get here Joseph lie what you
doing wandering while we're laying on
the girls the fact that you come down
here and support me just proves you're
my dad Jeff and I have a meeting to go
through got a handle that business
yo we are we gonna walk by the bus we
all right we're gonna walk past the bus
to get to our meeting Wow
hey yo where's it where's my blood this
is my baby all I gotta give it a kiss hi
baby
whatever Oh all the way from New York
okay so just like a park you like bro
just a savage man he don't care I the
way you look like a stud right now to
domination of the hair this jacket oh
happy bro awesome oh man sucks strings
and now target now is its business bro
business is booming oh snap yo this is
an official building look at this chick
with her red lips and stuff hey
what I'm totally missing your mini
meeting right now we're on during I
don't know if I'm allowed to be filming
I can see the bus from here maybe I'll
never let you out of my sight that's my
baby right there
hi guys I got to do some adult stuff
I've seen a bit I will come please body
opening breath it is the goal to go they
gotta be the Golden Key Oh
oh my god bro yeah so I showed you guys
this last night now that it's daytime
you could see the litmus level to its
true potential a lot of memories are
going to be made with bus I do want to
draw you guys I want drawings I want
ideas and what I should do to this bus
just like the Lamborghini situation I
want you guys to help me customize this
this is our bus guys like I bought this
for us for the low game I'll be back in
a bit bus I have to go work out and get
you all back home are you guys gonna
work out with me yes Oh God I was just
going about my day just now and I
discovered something incredible in this
chair watch this
yeah you got it put your in front for
clipping oh he knows you do whoa wait
you got some dope head yeah you know the
government oh oh here's what's happening
right now guys leads to the new
apartment so my new address and
apartment number is I'm just kidding
that's my information finally I am bro
this is it mark we've got a good life
together bro we're never going to see
each other ever no I'm not sure bud what
do you think of what I did to your room
bro like did you see honestly bro come
to the pool gotta work off of that boy
did not come for my loins yes I did
you know I love you too I love you a lot
it's the last one standing me and Danny
yo you came through they said you would
work out we're here as you guys know
it's about to get very intense oh yeah
oh yes poor girl lost her voice can you
scream at the top of your lungs go walk
doctor go go go house really weird what
is it don't scream - mom
hello he OS you can it wait Christy lots
of voice I'm moving soon so I don't get
hi guys we're gonna work out I'll see
you in a bit and we're driving the bus
to Jake's house actually so you do all a
different transition I think so you bro
a consensus here dude I could
interchange go go - oh god I couldn't
send it zoom back transition your name
it's my first day well I couldn't
transistor back with my hair cuz I'm too
sweaty but damn bro I'm dying right I
was a good workout huh I don't know
harder oh okay okay
mention you're doing cardio I think what
you're doing is what they want just not
lifting like the low reps to get bigger
you know so I can't get swole anymore I
don't want to his role in getting its
elastic yeah so aggressive this just
just not counting God okay yeah I mean
you know just like maybe like thought
higher rest of lower weight or whatever
it is that you do to just get kind of
like walking
bye guys yeah oh gosh did you hear that
okay hey woman get skinny for this movie
bro
just tell them you're going to I'm gonna
do it I have to do it guys just believe
it on me I'll take it for you that's my
boy yes McGarrett I like you a lot
because you're my father and stuff yeah
guys I bought the movie it's a big movie
it's like I actually don't think I'm
even a lot of tell you guys but you are
gonna notice me getting thinner and I
ain't talking about my movies of
thinning hey hey okay we are now going
to brother Jake tops in the cool bus
well done new 2020 self-driving Tesla
school boy gotta set the door dad is
unsafe for the children they're not
savages right of course
oh you're right we don't want you in
here yo these mirrors are poppin you can
see everything both of ya damn olive all
hop on into the cool bus kids you ready
to go to school he knows everyone
I love you dad but I need to drive this
vehicle after all it is my baby football
so don't try to act so innocent you can
take that fake apology and shove it
right up your guys room parking a bust
my brother's driveway would you say I'm
no parking there no it sucks because I
kinda have to go okay sorry bro
no is Jake where's Oh Jake is on it you
don't say no he's not here gang I got to
show you something broke my arms again
you're not gonna get to know I'm very
part about this is that you had to shave
your legs you can be local just America
sure oh my all the way from Ohio look a
split right welcome to the cool but boss
be a populist happy that's what I'm
saying we're fine
and you guys shoot him with your side
guns
also jake has people stocked outside his
house remember this is why I got kicked
out of my house
hey God what are you guys doing no I
said what are you doing you know they
have no idea one here this is mine now
she's like the epitome of a pig oh no
bro yeah I should just quit all this and
just become a bus right now yeah and
maybe my best driver to walk for free
just like it really like quick rate I
mean like 10 dollars a day so good you
make a moves out here bro it is a fact
that everyone who steps in the cool bus
automatically becomes cooler and sexier
now if you guys will excuse me I have to
shower my brother's house because my
water got shut up hey hey so I showered
and I'm looking at this pool here know
what yo what happened can someone
explain like logical Wow Ohio that
actually makes sense I was going to say
it's not logical I understand someone
throws something in and then someone
else just like I just keep L ball effect
and it started right well yeah I got it
throw something in what I started off
with this chair filled power oh that was
lit bro oh my god you're the chairs
literally disintegrating you guys hear
that
Oh yo this is bad like the green is my
fault with the red who though did that
okay um i'ma get out here because I
think this is giving me cancer nice nice
to meet you guys and no all of them I
don't know why I said that so we are
going to drop the bus off at this like
special parking lot right now but
obviously you can't park your breath
anywhere yo its general what up I'll
have to pick it up fuck it out why this
guy just call me is like fudge but you
know we have no bourbon here most pop
tell me you're joking so just a double
check we don't have anywhere to park the
bus it's going to happen the hops market
at my house for a second until I find a
new place ready all right I want to go
kill this guy right now go kill him bro
okay so correction we actually have
nowhere to park the bus ah okay the bus
has been parked fortunately we did find
a spot to park it and that is the same
spot we were earlier yeah and now uh
what you're going to take this bus after
this guy canceled on us yo he's so mad
we had been planning this for weeks like
we can't just Park this here and he just
canceled on it 30 minutes before we went
sparking that guy if you watch my vlog
for school also this little phantom that
we should blow off his phone yo you know
they would know no Jeff no I got to stop
before I get mad it was Jack and it's
one yo this is bad no no let's blow him
up yo Jeff is in full savage but I know
Jeff's ah I have to go to Las Vegas
literally I was like to Las Vegas in two
hours I don't know if I'm allowed to say
this again my life is so secret I don't
give a damn we are shooting Logan Paul
vs. Cirque de Soleil yes the circus
takes place in Vegas so I'm gonna go get
ready for that I'm gonna miss you dad
I'll see you when I get back miss you
too Logan you're my dad you're my son
and I love you I love you - I love you
like a son I would hope so
okay guys I'm late as usual one speed
packing as usual and here we go speaking
of that maverick I don't know who's
gonna take care of you hey Mark will you
take care of maverick when I'm gone girl
and all right thanks to such a good
we're gonna make Park USA ex-roommate
so many memories including this one oh
yeah we went to Rio together remember
that girl we doubled what I gotta go to
the airport today okay guys your boy
made it to the airport and thank God -
because they're boarding the plane right
now Las Vegas dude am i gonna gamble
money I don't know last time went to Las
Vegas I won $5,000 gambling however
obviously that is not a wise investment
of your money I would suggest putting it
into a single word in a while since I've
been on a plane dude like this walk
right now is weird
Oh all right guys the next time you
speak oh God call me when I'm vlogging
it's the director of local ball versus
hey Bennett LP I'm just on my way to
Vegas to shoot our show oh okay no I'm
on it right now bro oh okay quick
question seven inches
what nothing boss that was weird
hey guys the next time you see me I will
be in Vegas rule Vegas man I just I'm in
the casino right now and being here like
the lights the colors of music I just
want to ballroom also the place we're
shooting Cirque du Soleil is right there
oh my god Cirque du Soleil we got a
giant dragon this is going to be a good
episode bro
god damn this show is with Logan Paul oh
what the Oh God the Dragons alive Jesus
I was gonna say we were actually going
to the show in an hour to see what it's
like well first you got a comb-over much
similar to my room let's go see what
that's like
it's alright exercise room decent-sized
table I got a to bed though I don't know
what's going on with that since I am
only one person wait wait wait okay
maybe they were like yo Logan's gonna
bring back some honey some girls bro so
we'll give him to bed one for him one
for the girl cuz he's definitely not
gonna sleep for them
I'm watching let's see the view though
maybe the view is good nothing oh this
is actually kind of dope this made a
comeback yeah it is dope dude in the MGM
Grand room number I'm not gonna tell ya
yo okay this is the vlog done guys I'm
here in Vegas for the next two days and
we had quite the day man you guys are
there you saw busy busy busy killed it
bro nothing like a good productive day
except s'mores s'mores are dope anyways
Logan I love you if you are not for some
reason part of the low gang hit the
subscribe button it's easy dude we're
working though dude look how long my
neck is right now that's weird
I guys I will see you tomorrow take it
easy he knows everyone yellow gang next
to you guys check out the new maverick
merch because it's popping the link is
in the description so join the movement
and dent the universe with me also make
sure to subscribe to the channel and
join the family and if you're not yet go
watch yesterday's vlog guys like I feel
like hugging this window to get some
light for my vlog Hey
