mom I can't talk right now about you
good morning Lois Melvin so it's funny I
just actually signed up yesterday's vlog
and now I'm gonna go work out so without
talking to my let's do it what what okay
I got my protein shot gate right here
that is French for shake just kidding I
lied I also lied about having my shake
because it's gone now I drank you've
been between the cut there hahaha camera
jacked event also cousins address one
thing let's talk about the mess that I
try to make yesterday first off let me
also say it was candy mess if you missed
that not real mess not drugs candy not
drugs good anyways look okay so
apparently if I left this stuff out for
four hours it's supposed to harden do
you see some of you see a problem with
that all wait a second it's still liquid
no did suck dude this was not an epic
fail this was a catastrophic fail
no not harden it's like it became
anti-free something happened along the
way that I does anyway I got a fun two
laps today there's these big youtube
guys they're called uh the f two guys
they do a soccer trick I'm going to
collab with them and sent that money so
I'm gonna shower off and then we're
gonna get poppin here like this kind of
like that alright let's do it oh yeah
I'm down boy down here's my boy there is
hi how are ya mmm I'm so sorry about the
whole mess ting maverick
excuse me what's it we got to get you
into rehab
what no you need to go to rehab because
it's illegal yeah it is yeah it is and
it's also no it is it is also bad for
your health
listen maverick I'm gonna look into some
drug rehabilitation things and then
hopefully you can get together by matter
I love you transition okay we have
trekked all the way to Santa Monica
looking for these soccer guys oh you
know to sit back and say you know who
else is here manager Jeff yeah yeah but
I'm Jack I'm no mathematician but after
looking around I'm guessing they're by
the soccer field yeah bro your deck down
but the cleats and everything looking
good
relevance is there to make them look
used oh wait did your sister that's
something you would do but usually I'm
looking to do guys
these are their like professionals their
digital asano can i suck it suck it like
all sports aren't football around what
job what's up I'm Logan nice to meet you
bro we know who you are and everyone
knows yeah also what are you doing I'm
just um
we don't use Ricky Martin amusement oh
cool yeah no no it's pretty music where
are you from dude
nope London UK and you through yeah yeah
yeah I can I can talk like you guys for
the day maybe we're not Australia we
should do that we should do some like
you guys talk like Americans and you
talk like will I talk about British
we're here with avium no you guys not
here room yeah yeah we got helium no you
guys have all the toys and Jeff - that's
cool yeah so this is this is the helium
yeah you got a helium thing oh that's
great bro I did that once and I almost
died I took the whole tank by myself
don't do too much helium kid totally
there we go oh it's going down that's
you that American accent I usually ask
haha that was awesome man no use not
exactly like me you gotta make is glad
can you channel me yeah I love it I love
it meanwhile Jeff in the background
let's see what you got bro yeah oh oh
are you good at soccer - G oh my god
wound who saw this coming bro yeah yeah
oh no way no way no what you know what
this is gonna be the worst day of my
life I got smoked in a race by my
brother this weekend you guys are about
to school me today in soccer guitar it's
hard to be Logan right now bro ah I got
to do some helium that'll make me feel
better
alright what'd I say give me some line
native tongue the gages mustard if it's
been crazy don't know what you just said
imma give it a go it gave it message
it's good right I don't know yeah they
uh yo what's poppin home
yeah what's poppin homie oh the fuck you
don't you young people better Lisa how
the phone you don't give something to
several me hmm hey that's our Gaston get
out get jumpin a deli meat I'm gonna
check my athletic prowess and put me in
the goal an idea was the high school
going go plus I get yo my man I'm gonna
need to put subtitles for you my America
the problem is I think my shoes right
now I'm not wearing cleats they're flat
right this is just me making excuses I
have this which is probably going to
come off I have my Mavericks socks which
make you better faster stronger you guys
have something I could like way ahead
even know you see that oh yo you guys
are dope man thank you
I like this bro everybody I like this
bro I am a good dress epic montage
already guy couples dr. penny make light
machinegun Ted needed to be edgy ever
got ready just given the big dogs wanna
go they were just shut up admit you've
never seen someone as out here as I am
right now in this moment you're changing
the diamond I'm changing the guy alright
yo so I'm Goldie first sick dude let's
do this I'm going to give my ass whoop
I'm worried about the f2 guys I'm not
going to lie 5% chance that I block
their goal however Jeff when it comes to
Jeff yo no problem who's up first I want
you to give me your 110 percent oh boy
yeah
I ever gonna you have to pick a time
dive in a day on the big fool put enough
another team how many days not a good
vlog oh I guess nothing I've had a
camera crew come Jeff you got this done
go easy
we don't do it yes don't hold back are
you going up he's done it the collab
guys well gang thanks for watching we'll
see you next time suspicions I don't
think I ever could have blocked the
either of your guys it was just too
precise he's getting name I don't I
don't think I was good you guys are so
positive making me sick I get to shoot
on Jeff yeah I'm gonna mess you up jump
board we get the captain's band I'm
ready for this captain's band I did
chest today so my visor let me just get
around it yeah I did biceps today yeah
sorry about that bro but maybe we forego
the captain's band yeah
for this I don't know you just did it
wrong you put it fit right it will make
it I don't think it will grow well I got
some what do I guys I'm pushing like 17
stuff we'll look at this now I'm thank
you bro I'm sick so push you guys
pushing get out victim it was their gym
around here you got to get yo you go
first you shoot on Jeffers Oh
oh yeah he was even looking dangerously
good dude
yo like throw a lot real quick real
quick there's no chance bro they're so
precise there's no chance you put it
right there how is that even possible I
go I'm up I'm gonna get you
there we go job oh he wanted that he
really wanted that that's the most I've
ever seen Jeff 100 go again go get imma
being this one well this one's going to
the playground you're like I'm good at
hunting I could do it I could get it
across the whole field all right we're
doing a punching contest getting Palmas
but I were doing a punching contest we
are each getting one ball in the hole a
unique nose no one has ever done a
poetry contest
wait what see this is my American mind
being actually useful for something she
does an intro technique arms folded boom
ooh you're right
ready and cue it we go being equal
oh that's us life yep you only look made
a halfway Oh yo
yeah I think just the cage of jealousy
for the athletic dude I don't know just
I think you got the ball come on I'll
tell you what
I won that I won the fun because you
can't make it really beautiful today
yeah I'm good at something yeah yo since
I got one W under my belt
can you call me Christiano Ronaldo for
the rest of the day down quick shower
grande Cristiano Ronaldo we heard of
here first boxing that you've got a W
I'm cooling you now
hi Nexen all right oh wait wait what
legs flexibility rose you know in China
they call me the split man but I'm not
even lying do get it right yo that was
I'm embarrassed I'm feeling I feel
awkward now that's why I think it gets
worse every time to be honest it is no
reason nah that's all right
zero nybridge which me Marcus that kick
yeah mark get set
why why would you why would you even
possible I would even bother chances to
do that another w4l days oh dang that
was rough you good bro it's hot I knew
my shirt was gonna come off you got what
about just a leave in this meeting come
on oh yeah someone's gotta work I you go
do the work
who is he just bought yesterday no I
actually have a weird request for you
guys can you kick the balls in July we
know that was ever be an on-set whistle
you think your precision is good enough
to get a couple nut shots like like
trick shots but not shots you see Wow
actress you happen to hit them up mushy
okay the roast session begins whatever
you want your design right there yeah so
I'm a little nervous
we're gonna give this a little test
something that doesn't hurt my wiener oh
I'm fine no you're fine good shot good
shot let's do this mom I can't talk
right now
that hurt ah all right let's go farther
bunker
oh ah oh that's so good oh I'm so good
oh that we are like a bitch ha ha ha and
if you Morrison 6-7 Mormons freckle
wanna see more I think well I think I'm
gonna call it a day on that for all the
low gang watching I understand that this
was the title of the video however god
yo watch it easy boy
for the safety of my down area I'm gonna
comment click yo-yos funny I can feel my
right testicle right here in like my
lowest AB I feel it still there so hey
good shot dude you guys are pretty
accurate you don't have to be now
explain I put you up to it for look at
it he doesn't feel terrible neither of
them feel terrible bro you guys are
happy I made you do it I like these guys
they're fun it is time to go yo good
Hank's today that was awesome thanks for
a pretty second who are you I'm Connie
all right well I guess by Konnor what
stuff so yeah not sure with you guys
what I got to say it's not the first
time someone saved me in the dick and
bounce
hey yo so I'm cleaned off and back in
bloody huskily Hollywood I grab myself a
protein smoothie I needs a little energy
I realized that working out and getting
hit in the nuts really tires you out
right now I'm just kind of chillin you
know running some errands doing adult
thing but yo do you know what I realized
I had this friend he's a really good
friend of mine and I have not seen him
in a while in fact neither of you guys
and he's back he's been gone for a
little bit I didn't like it but he's in
that building I think we're gonna go
find him and stay Wow
what George who's that George why make
you so domestic you want to tell me
because what is it called you take it
with you far bro good to see you
probably in my eyes been a minute where
do they skinned my eye
I'll show you skinned your baby what's
inside his skin myself so you understand
my horizon in urbana banana with that
random girl and my boy george being back
that is the vlog thank you guys for
watching if you were not a part of the
Logan make sure to subscribe join the
family
I'm knockin lights popping on the show
good gosh what are we doing here on this
football pitch on this artificial grass
