I've never cooked mess to better music
than this Kiva sticking a Provinces of
iodine
hey yo good morning low gang was black I
don't know I'm just we do that don't
need to address it on the next one so
today's a good day however I'm still
recovering from my loss to yesterday's
race yeah my brother being in a car race
I lost $5,000 my tripod super bendy
sorry about that yeah there's that that
hurts my heart there's the fact that
this beanie makes me look like a girl
that's cool not cool at all I think I
need a haircut what today's gonna be a
good day I got a fun thing planned but
first I need to work on I promised I
worked I just like dancing it's a good
day that was a really hard workout oh hi
oh hi mark
hi we do rope about to go lay out I'm
gonna degree now it's a hundred and ten
hundred and turning the shea and honey
to 50 you don't let me down well won't
you carry me you carry you look should
we start bed yeah bye I'll see you later
reader I don't know actually wait I do
know I'm hot I'm cooking crystal meth
today it matters
no with the master chief
this guy I understand how that could be
confusing but low guys do not worry all
will be explained very soon by the way
I'm looking at my lens here it's kind of
little dirty here we go they go baby
I'll never let you be dirty but yeah as
you guys know maverick my bird has a
whole mess problem we're working on it
oh yeah he's a rehab however by me
making crystal meth today for him that's
probably not going to help so whatever
speaking of maverick left will say what
don't kill hey G hi whoa whoa whoa don't
fight me I'm telling you about these
drugs are making him aggressive you
doing bro will you hide from bro I can
see you where you going bro where you
going yo maverick we have such a good
friendship but why you got to go and
threaten that with drugs I feel like I'm
part of the problem actually since today
we are making him mess hmm yeah once
again okay
no I'm gonna go shower okay no don't go
back down what I know I'm naked cuz I'm
about to hop in the shower okay don't go
you haven't seen it before
yes you have you can't watch well I'm
gonna get you your drugs way imma get
you your drugs I'm enabling well this is
bad okay I showered like a good boy yeah
now as I was in the shower I heard
someone come soon oh no you brought your
friend affirmative I don't hate you jack
nobody will you wrote what's up rad-brad
next Kira stick man your ring smoke is e
the second easiest thing to do I think
we're just getting started
oh yeah I see that yeah EE what you're
saying today we're cooking man I'm
popping besties yeah all yes I'll do it
what yeah fake man not real men it's
going to be like candy mess because if
you do
realness you die no no no all right
Scottie go into the grocery store get
some supplies keep can you drive you
want to drive my car properly
yeah that's let's go go get em tiger you
know I don't want to tell you how to run
your laundry so that's what's bad at you
what's your name again Ron okay listen
Billy my vlog I'm gonna do what I want
okay we got you getting that job you see
my point as my boy that's right good job
in my car stop stop stop stop stop stop
thief you're my boy I am gonna drive
okay we're at the grocery store but yo
my boy I saw some runners dude you why
need a weapon oh he loves running bro go
wrong dude don't do that we got some
runners do just some young runners start
running your tail in there we go not to
be scared up kid
it's a faster team it's max TV just run
it with you guys here we are cheap I
have an ingredients list so you're going
to have to help me get it except I feel
like people might look at you funny
because like um all of that mainly lucky
me we don't care ok I guess we're just
going to rock it then okay first we need
sugar this way oh you go first you got
it oh yeah grab it that's a self good
stuff cheese lemon sugar and a little
gothic no we don't need that we let me
show you got it thanks thanks for gonna
see if I figure that we need fags and
put them in both you want to grab some
that guy that employed you here sighs
throw it in the car bro call them call
them cope yo you got to be just you got
to ruin everything row come on bill get
some food coloring my man we got to make
it blue sadly Botox whoa twins yeah Bo
yes you guys look alike okay we are
exiting the store we have them self my
man Brent can you hold it
appreciate you both yeah
Master Chief getting the job done we
have all supplies here but yo we are
making this mess for very special
someone I say we go say what's up here
we go
my boy I know I got guests for you you
can send them right there is yeah he's
my boy yeah we met in high school
Oh oh no need to be sour chief and I
know we went to high school together
maverick come on
oh come on MAV no need to be sour yo
chief aren't you know just shrug this
one off bro you're gonna be okay Cortana
Oh clothes are whatever chief thanks you
guys could be boys one day if you just
put down your hostile wall it'll be okay
Oh see he's not that bad okay
I broke we'll see you later we're gonna
mix up yeah we will we're gonna make
some jokes for you bye oh yeah
Master Chief charged and ready he said
and excited to do this he never done
this before first time we're losing your
mattress in here oh I noticed we can
handle laughing all right listen water
here's the teamwork teamwork make the
dream work
what what are you doing go throw Brent
you're ruining everything
hey hey come on I don't why any negative
energy come on come back right come back
watch Peter brother's a joke Yeah right
here
what the fuck how we gonna boil this
water no that's my boy CPA my high
school buddy Oh G for my yeah through me
nice to meet you that's mark
oh you guys are bonding then that makes
me happy that they're happy aren't you
going to introduce me back the water
before they keep do the honors with the
sugar accuracy top all of it in there my
boy that's my boy
yeah I just talked to Brent to throw up
this is the party of both of us have
never done this before check this out
I don't know what was happening release
you turning a little therapy do you
think we're on the right track
mr. halos be stopped
this is Portland I've never cooked mess
to better music than this Jesus taking a
product as imagined would dump in some
skier up and then butch if you could
just go ahead and give it a little stir
thanks butchered Dworkin as per most of
my cooking experiments I don't really
know what I'm doing but I've said this
twice today and I'll say it again
how's the story coming you guys good I'm
very good buddy okay buddy
I just feel like I don't know him that
well to call my buddy is like we just
meant today damn banshee
you understand affirmative okay cool the
secret ingredient domestic aka blue food
color here we go no way to blue just
likes pink it's concentrated right now
soft questions comes concerns chief
agrees I think you messed up okay well
you got going for everything let's go be
honest I think butch is right I think I
did myself I just don't want to admit it
because my pride is due hi what are they
doing yo stop stop stop both you need to
calm down
you I need you to not stop being so
aggressive okay keep you today kill he's
he's fragile look at it bro you're the
one that has chicken legs what did you
say to me the last and final set for a
horse on that onto a baking sheet which
we have here oh that's good yeah I
suppose about you to stick I think
that's good
finish this fight a little more good all
right we're good okay once we put this
in the freezer it does take up to four
hours to harden yeah I know it's a long
time he says he has places to go and
usually new any places to go and people
to meet me in places we need to go where
do you have to go that's so important
contrarily that's news to chief we need
to go to that one thing that we have to
okay you remember don't notify but
before you guys go mainly just you I do
have something I want to give you fun
let the cheese before you leave I wanna
give me your parents never stock great
yeah well you're welcome you
you think I could you know I'm Erica Lee
we just ran out you talked about due to
some right there v OC any because I
think we just sold out sorry I wrote the
inventories is piling on and you know
busy stuff you want to pair the links in
the description
bye Daniel bye chief that's my boy I'll
see you next time bro good hang good
hangs my man oh yeah I bet it right
what's bread Wow
what's bread my name bread I do it all
time okay so now we have four hours to
kill while we wait wow yeah this is
tongue twister while we wait for this
mess hearted hmm what should we do hey
guys me Logan I make vlog anyways it's
rate and uh bad news like I said I kinda
I kind of just wing to this whole
process and somewhere down the line
something went wrong take a look it look
it's still runny you guys see this it's
still runny dude what the fuck bro it's
been seven hours and I can't I don't
want to finish my vlog without my cooked
math so I think I'm gonna actually like
postponed until tomorrow morning that's
right
it's gonna blow it I'm actually gonna
put then the freezers here we go now
just got easier on in there make sure
it's nice and down okay I think that
works we'll see so I don't think I've
ever does it I'm gonna not end this vlog
here but tomorrow morning when my method
finished uh stop that so yeah I guess
I'll see you guys in the morning
this is kind of weird night Megan hey yo
it's the morning good morning ok what's
black probably weird to hear that at the
end of this vlog
anyway let's check the freezer for our
met what the heck where does the mess go
wiesen with there's no messing you show
me put it in your last name keep my
voice back yo bro the mess is gone but
no I don't know where it went
look it's gone brought buddy's a
breather oh oh
Marit did you quit I know you have it
no I know you have no you don't lie to
me maverick I'm checking your spot oh my
god maverick just waited yo
what have you done what is this lemon
you're just making Matt Bevin
what are you doing oh my god it's
everywhere he's cooking backwards
everybody maverick is basically a truck
lord
there's my parity bro what am i mad
I favor these you do you both have
something to say I'm not you know I did
see it mark stop stop stop
mark stop are you the juggler look I in
collusion my parents but neither do you
need me do it oh he's just a bird you
just a power he does yeah I do well the
industry chief yeah see when you think
you know someone the worst day of my
life
but burning my room a need to go to
rehab okay thank you guys I can't do
this anymore I'll see you tomorrow
well today I guess
Master Chief he's just running with you
guys oh I don't want to interrupt your
workout but hi how are you how you doing
