and while these guys are great I'm
calling on the low gangs help you guys I
want you to help me choose a color for
this car
hey good morning love gang what I'm just
overlooking the beautiful Hollywood
because as you guys know I might be
moving someday but the good news is I'm
moving rains and literally the penthouse
right next door hasn't seen the place
right so some people might say that
that's just fire shooting yet another
episode of Logan Paul versus today it's
like 7:00 a.m. right now and we have a
two-hour drive to somewhere uh actually
don't know where it is but I know it's
two hours away okay good morning young
dog hi how are you please on it
Oh down to the ground cool oh oh okay
guys I am outside I am waiting for my
ride oh crap my ride is here
whoa oh that is right ladies and
gentlemen we got a Lambo
it's not mine though yeah we rented it
because if I'm playing a Lambo we gotta
know that it drives nice you look good
in that Lambo where I'm driving yeah oh
snap thought yo we should write that and
said oh wow
yo just getting in this thing it's 7:30
a.m. everyone's staring no every time
they're there like kill it down I'm not
are you gonna get one if I get 100% yeah
everybody did he live how long is this
dress when we got our 41 minutes
powerful rheumatoid remodel well let's
make that an hour just for God
we are whip is 11 right now you're
building a little ironing to the truck
okay sighs what why Logan distinction
over he look like an over the roar of
the engine handles are the only thing
that's gonna overheat as me cuz I'm
super I'm out of control something about
this Lambo just doesn't look right in
the setting Briana buy this better you
look at my car model yeah yeah you do
minute wow wow what is this car bro with
this cars flat and tire and pretty much
missing body I sort of feel like now's a
good time to say what this local ball
versus episode is lo compiled versus
demolition derby
yeah I'm not some magic so yeah today is
the first half of Logan Paul versus
demolition derby not to fight it's just
we're picking our car I kind of see
which one I want McWilliams McWilliams
number 52 how are you oh this is
probably not working real hard has any
of these plasma they even got like
creeper vans bro I wonder how many
children got kidnapped inside this one
oh my god there's one in there right now
why am i running I got a saver I'm just
kidding guys it's Joe
I have not even looked around yet but I
already know this is what I want to be
driving this is sexier I don't know what
is it look at this little like chode
mobile I think that's what it is I'm
reading it yeah children will be so
right now we have the the genius idea to
bring the Lambo in the junkyard yeah
using the resources we have around us
what because my vlog on have a stop blog
I need to move this forklift so we can
get the bow in the lot bro he lifting a
forklift with another forklift come on
shake I'm all champ you can do it move
it move it move it move it move it move
it hello my baby hello my honey wait a
minute Christ I'm peeing dude I know I
got to make it better you know your
shirt says shut up tada you know that is
why you telling time to shut up it's not
white why what do you need it why he's
being shut up hoarders hot hot hello
talk to smile Vegas that's not a service
right there thank you good rock you good
bro you're just chillin over here what's
up what's poppin how are you dog oh
hello wow you're a old dog
how you doing dog oh you look so cute
how much I'm not going to do so we've
been moving this thing for the past like
15 minutes and we just realized we don't
really need to do that I'm sorry for
wasting time but I'm not so at first we
didn't think the Lambo could make it
over these boards but now we're gonna
give it a shot hopefully we don't shut
the rental car go Jack you're gonna Jack
I don't know if you've got it you gotta
jump I don't think you've got it you got
it yeah go jump go oh that is tight are
you good brother good boy don't even
think about it just flooring head up to
the metal jump yeah I'll get that guys
technology technology watch out for the
dog jump I just bought it don't run over
my Jeff's dog I mean Dawg just not gonna
lie now the Lambo looks even more out of
place oh my god
this is like you know when like in a
minger the main plastic girl like stood
next to ugly people to make herself look
better and picture
I feel like that's what this Lambo is
doing man I'm on D let's just try a heel
on a window ha sorry I can't hear you I
got beautiful woman rubbing my body with
lotion this shows got a lot of good
benefits you get two tickets to the gun
show
oh let's be honest this sunscreen is not
going to do anything I'm a pair white
boy from Ohio bro I burn and turn into a
lobster no chain end of the day bro this
was gonna be me right jet pan candidates
handed his dog so notice we get the joke
white white point camera my dick did
joke is right there as I was saying
muster Dennis shut up stop when I'm
vlogging Janica the dark move bro can
make my joke number this sucks man you
guys are diminishing my vlog Quantic
quality because this is the car that
we're going to use for the demolition
derby and apparently all the windows
need to be smashed out which is good
news for me oh look guys it's blood
maybe I'm not a beat
maybe I'm just a big baby back bitch
just kidding I am a beat imagine me Carl
q figuratively of course I'm not gonna
try that sex with this car today anyway
semi ride just kidding with them
thank everybody for a wonderful first
shot good this is my vlog bro okay are
you ready moment back take your mobile
you got it whoa
Helmut Rahn give up that's a wrap guys
we'll see you in Vegas oh yeah guys
we're going to Vegas on Monday no big
deal guys you want to ride in the Lambo
with a backhoe until you sorry we don't
have this option gives only room for two
gotta hit the road in the Lambo don't
know where to go just kiddin going home
that's a fact though hit the engine
Geoffrey wait for it wait for what
okay guys some time has passed and we
were back in Los Angeles at a place you
guys know because I would cheer
yesterday oh god it's still ever gimme
dealership while we're still in a
Lamborghini I think the person who owns
this car is actually coming to pick it
up from here but I'm actually here for
another reason yeah
so apparently brothers Jake has went
ahead and made a decision under
Lamborghinis without me hahaha Cool J
consider he has decided to wait six
months for the newest Lamborghini coming
out it is called the 2018 Lamborghini
Huracan come on the only issue with that
is obviously the waiting six months I am
an impatient motherfucka guys I don't
want to wait but it is the fastest
Lamborghini that has ever been made and
we would get to go to Italy and they
would literally deliver the Lamborghini
to us at the Lamborghini Factory oh you
got to customize it in everything and so
I'm gonna go customize one too I did so
many decisions to make man look at this
one it's so sexy this one so they're all
so sexy but I digress
let's go customize the Lamborghini cool
northern area I'm choosing colors oh no
this is for me brain goes it is that
color thing they're all in Italian bro
ratio sizes their own immune system are
on Apple yeah horn obviously my Italian
accent needs work
goddamn these decisions
okay guys so after like 10 minutes of
trying to pick colors I realized being
colorblind really hinders that and while
these guys are great I'm calling on the
low gangs help you guys I want you to
help me choose a color for this car we
are going to go through some right now
and then I want you guys to comment what
you like the best
option number one green Lamborghini
option number two maroon option number
three light blue option for balloon
white option number five special edition
viola purple option number seven we got
the orange the matte orange by the way
guys I might be completely off on these
numbers I kind of lost track last but
not least we got a yellowish short of
color thing whoa okay guys so those are
the options low gang this is on you guys
so I need you to comment what colors you
think I should get and then if you know
anything else about cars like what color
brake callipers what color other stuff
let's just comment at 200 that note back
home Deb transition does that work I
don't know anyway what day dude we did
this we did that mean now that Jake and
I have something to look forward to for
the next six months we truly are going
to be the Lambros hey baby you are by
the way guys the Lambros teacher and
hoodie are going to be gone on Sunday so
if you want one of these make sure to
swoop that up and yeah dude we are going
to Italy in six minutes to pick us a
little booze and you guys are like
basically building it for me that's
frickin W using the internet for good
make sure to comment what color oh by
the way I remember this in the car
everyone's gonna be like well yeah how
did you know the colors on the screen
shut the front door dude I had to non
colorblind guys next to me telling me
the color but I think even though I'm
exhausted I'm about to go work out cuz
I'm a maverick baby that's what it's all
about son make sure to LIKE this video
kilo gain can we get out 150,000 likes I
think so the smash that like button I
want that one five zero K and I will see
you tomorrow you guys have say it every
day and I'll say it again you already
know what I love you I was you tomorrow
already said that decade he depends
good
hey you girl
yeah yeah yeah
