what's up everybody is Seagate back yeah
you literally can't even say your own
name
hey yo come on ok ok guys once again it
is really early as 544 in the morning
right now I'm currently at all not
currently I'm about to head to set all
right yet another episode of Logan
Bowser by the way guys I see you guys
commenting where can i watch the show
where can i watch Logan ball vs. it's
not a platform online that Comcast owns
it's called water but what about battle
yeah it's free obviously and when it
comes out you guys be the first to know
I'm wearing you on my shirt maverick
look it that's you yeah I know sexy
right
always be a Mary so this is marks room
as you know it's like 6:00 in the
morning the way to saying it where is my
car I see an empty bed I'm like no where
could we be my boys either with a girl
right with a boy or he gave up his
Hollywood dreams and moved back to Ohio
probably the second one but let's go
upstairs here we go here we go and where
is our wait a second oh oh hi mark will
you do it bro I got stuff to do Logan
Valle versus Baby Love over substitute
teacher today I'm like teaching kids in
elementary school yeah but enough about
me mark what happened last night oh yes
my question is you uh I explained
everything I got something for you more
goodbye mark
I love you buddy sleep tight so you guys
know I don't drive off and I pretty much
over everywhere so I get stuff done but
today they wanted me to drive my baby so
we can use it in the shot hey baby how
you doing this morning uh-huh
wait what oh you can't talk cause you're
a car that's right oh here's a good news
update update Lamborghini update boy is
test driving some Lamborghinis tomorrow
oh yeah man if I'm gonna make a purchase
that big I need to know that it drives
like a freakin seven
so this is our set today it is an actual
school the Sun is just coming up over
the horizon my clothes a little bit of
substitute yeah good morning ah they
will call me mr. Logan I will put
useless information into the brain like
the history of dabbing Oh baby
dear mr. Logan's the names again hear
the question what I was like Harry
Potter go I got Harry Potter glasses no
Harry Potter Harry but what me so the
first shot is actually in my car like I
said Oh look at these lights and check
this out little gang hey guys know I'm
always reppin the low gang even on my
show oh look the eyeballing me Oh guys
look they're looking at me don't look at
me no don't look at me
nothing to see here I have a question
for myself is it weird that I'm just
sitting in my car vlogging these
elementary kids yeah probably probably
should stuff then again right they
approved the episode we're doing is the
whole day I don't know man that's kind
of get weird over here what do you have
to be you got some peppers thank you
we literally have a list of who the
third grade troublemakers are Diego is
the most mischievous child in the class
he will give you a run for your money so
as we suspected some of these kids do
know who I am how how do you think they
know me they think you dink yeah ah I
knew it his demographic is younger he's
on the Disney Channel here we go I can't
be I don't know this is bad ha no this
one I can see is like this Bennett 5
let's have our meeting and camera ok
sorry
look at watch these pigeons are kissing
look I was right these pigeons are
kissing guys what are these pigeons
doing look at their kids I swear to god
these pigeons are about to have sex dude
these pigeons are mating better oh my
god oh my god oh my god look look at
that was like let me get in there
threesome threesomes oh oh you think I'm
a side chick roller game Jason he's like
you'll get out of him trying to smash my
boy Oh Dan this is sick bro okay he's
making himself bigger as to scare his
foe and the chicks just like fight over
me boys who wants to make how these
pigeons about to do this in front of
this whole class
widen contain which is crazy bro man the
school is no limits you can hear these
kids in here this is absolute chaos
oh my god this is bad
wish me luck guys it's a big day for mr.
Logan let's do this do not under any
okay I am a force to be reckoned with in
fact I know one who got the bottom so me
to get the Sun is respect industry hey
guys say hello to the vlog on the first
vlog of teacher ever height sit back
down
sit back down sit back down
oh whoa whoa wait okay oh this is
getting out ahead everyone back in the
seat dips out that is something wrong
it's gonna be a good episode of manners
kids and gnarly you guys know when I was
in school we didn't have iPads and
technology they give you iPads
Wow what are you doing can you flip that
bottle and land it what it's not too fun
to that respondent what animal is this
do you know what animal it is I'm sorry
what no it's not a collage is what
platypus is right yet just being around
these kids makes me feel so young you
know all this huge I will say they're
also stressing me out
a lot because that's where Delia me and
I feel like I'm just going gray hairs
know that that's me that's a picture of
me Logan
she's onto me guys she's onto me
she knows I'm lying he knows I'm not my
last name is Jake gah she's on to me
Donna what he knows my mom is savage
yeah it sure she is yo all these guys
are so cute but you know the cutest is
jealousy okay I tell your mama joke hey
everyone cook tell everyone what go good
if you wear a bikini stupid it's gone
yeah it's true she's we called that
mamas no job I want to be here no chilly
outside to borrow bold outside don't get
that one thank you fellas
well we got you got stuck with these
jokes gonna be on food cut y'all shut
you up you got the kids outside trying
to play basketball made sure to park
right in the middle so they couldn't
what's up dude no Jake Paul is my
brother I know are you no no Jay Paul is
my brother
yo this is great cuz they all watch my
vlogs for they're asking me like
specific questions like reportable mo is
coming soon I think I think I'm touch W
tomorrow actually question yes I didn't
take off the duct tape that Jake Papa
Doc Deborah Seiler my room all this
noise has to stop keep yelling am i
taking away from you
we're about to have a paper airplane
throwing competition they all like lined
up and they favor everybody who go in
what is that problem I should make a
paper airplane what did you origami is
not your strong point my favorite one
has got to be this one right here what
is that that's not a paper head sake the
suppose it's not having way too much fun
teaching these kids about the future and
at the same time it's really stressing
me out
this is why I'm never going to have kids
guys this is it for me for Diego I've
seen you on the waterless bro you
troublemaker bro I seen you all is what
did you do fight a budget of a secret
agent I don't know what you just said
you're very jammer you want this oh sure
sure you want to back with our shoe you
want a million dollars
no what's up everybody is Seagate back
yeah you literally can't even say your
own name laughs this is Daniel dynasty
and today we're going to be caught
breaking apart why didn't they try and
like you what's up y'all yo she's poppin
dude that's my boy
oh is that the belt I'm out here fun
class guys oh my gosh my hairs are
getting great
ah yo that was exhaust dude uh yeah it's
so hard to be a teacher
I suck at teaching it is hard guys to
run a class full of eight year old I
workout I do physical activity but
nothing not - nothing ever compares to
what I just did I don't know if you guys
could tell or were able to tell but dude
I'm just your energies drained but I got
the shirt on guys be a maverick right
this is giving me energy bro like be a
maverick I can't just sit around and go
to sleep
I still got stuff to do guys stuff that
will make me better so I can become the
best version of myself I may be
fulfilling that potential squeezing
everything I can out of this day because
after all unless I invent a time machine
or something I'm never gonna get it back
Wow yeah baby the shirt all it typed me
up bro and on that note I think it's
time to go workout Hey Wow okay I'm not
gonna lie there was a cut there and
during that time George walked in so
what's going on with you Joe okay so if
this is about to happen that you guys
are came into my room and I know you'll
skip out by my rules
yo so what does it have to do with this
the mustache the Italian accent oh yeah
my glad you asked the most beautiful I
feel ever you know life so I come and I
share with my face so could it be an
Italian a man okay and now should I go
up to the home devices get him nauseous
real quick ask me my name what's your
name okay good oh god okay okay I don't
know what you just I think he said
something about painting a chapel in
marks room but I'm not sure I can really
understand them but that should be
interesting to come back to after my
workout but if you look across the
street here we still got some little
gangsters ah there they are there they
are being maverick Devin
and my boy yeah man mmm moving Sunday
yeah man they kicked me out of here and
there's a lot of memories also a lot of
disgusting message so I'm kind of glad
I'm leaving but I am gonna miss it man a
lot of viral videos shot here a lot of
vlogs what it's time to move on to
bigger and better things you know cuz
that's a like works like this for
example oh god what did you do I don't
know I didn't you gonna paint your
marquee came up to me no I do he comes
in he goes this is it I heard Chapel and
then he goes in a beautiful painting and
I like what isn't this I was definitely
talking about pump alright so you mean
she can to get your Longhorns right
close but it's not done yet
John I'm not can the artist explain to
me his vision Fabiana yeah but okay I
think there's a rose I think there's a
Sun I just want to know the artists
vision oh I just I'd there's a rose in
the Sun I just don't know what he was
thinking I just there's so much stuff
there I just wasn't it up stack bro Oh
mark how do you feel about this I mean
you're bad I don't have any money my
work trauma demise it and is that okay
guys thank you for watching good luck I
love you okay I'll see you tomorrow
maverick merch link in the description
to tickity dress
actually bitch
Hey what are we doing what are you doing
what is happening oh we're all he loves
you that the cutest thing I've seen my
hostage
