I first strip - let's do it luck to
myself do not cut me ain't ya hey oh oh
yeah
hey yo good morning little gang with
Robin my voice is true guys is god it's
gone like someone choose where are my
boots and now I gotta find it that kind
of sucks it also sucks it I said good
morning it's 9 p.m. again once again
star in the vlog late at night fuck god
damn nothing I'm doing a bottle episode
I was editing my movie airplane mode all
day I'm talking all day I'm talking all
day but I do have good news because I
come home and what do I see come here
come here come on one end to the frame
fuck this is my mother
my mom is back oh my gosh my mom is in
town she came to my house first over my
brother's house definitely loves me more
is that right now how they do this to me
all the voices dot you like them yeah
they're fire I didn't tell her to say
this guys she's not promoting my stocks
which you can buy now link in the
description wait so everyone's asking
how many socks we show did you know how
many we have itself to give my friend's
car which is right here 20,000 20,000
yeah
do you know how many we sold now low
gang do you guys want to know how many
we sold me kind of watch to the end of
this vlog 88 or maybe the middle of the
log hey gotta watch a whole blog is
awesome really dope that's why I like I
did not they are legit Esther
yeah you see all these never stops war
ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii say
yeah this is amazing you never know when
you're going to need this many socks you
know it's true haha one more thing
that's happening right now I come home
and it's too late to try I'm trying to
impress my mom and look yeah really
nothing what happened it like how can
look there's I don't even know what this
is there's a broken plate
stuff this is bad I'm usually the one
who makes these kind of messes and it I
didn't hear here's the issue about this
decided make it I'm not cleaning up and
I don't want you cleaning it up either
because I know you're going to kno see
this is like mom instinct to like mess
this mess up
I don't want that okay promise I promise
scouts honor your time Oakley my heart
so now it's the shoulder that I have to
find something to do for the rest of the
day what are you doing Oh wanted to do
it
no it's not that this thing is actually
really loud have you seen the people
standing across the street are you
saying that that's a parking garage can
I tell you a super good idea
so the Maverick Sox ah I'm going to do a
zip line across the street
yeah and send fans socks when they stand
over there that is fabulous right right
oh yeah how are we going to get the zip
line over there
but they don't count on opet 800 scale
gun potatoes my mom has not seen
maverick the pair in a while and I yeah
you guys know how he attacks like
everyone he doesn't attack her you ask
me he loves her more than he loves me
going up my voice hi
what oh no oh are you attacking mom yo
that's vlog mom where you going never
play what's your problem bro why you
treat my mother with respect
yo he's straight lurking ma he went to
chop your head off or he wants to mate
with you emotion which one hopefully not
mate with you that's weird he's actually
attempting a sort of making oh well I
got ma you know he doesn't get a lot of
attention unless yes he does my mom I
bought him a $5,000 diamond band where
is it so that that's the thing uh I
haven't told the Logan this yet I told
him in yesterday's vlog I would tell you
guys oh yeah I have a confession to make
so yeah look look closely guys I'm
suddenly noticed this in yesterday's
vlog his diamond band is not on his
ankle do you guys see it not there well
as soon as I put it on him within the
first hour fell off how where he was on
he was he was biting at it and he opened
it up by the way this mecca handle is
supposed to now supposed to not ever
come off ed burrows often in the first
skin hour I'm livid I had the socks the
socks that I'm selling to the low gang
may all around this visiting right right
and yeah hello oh my god that's bad Oh
dog or John Howard around my neck I
don't care Oh watch out he's really
answer problem good-lookin he has never
done that to me before usually sits on
my shoulder and like nibbles and just
sort of loves on my face I just use
trauma pack here at your explanation of
that one
so I go to the jeweler I'm like bro okay
yo you need to calm down okay okay that
scared me he's a little too close I'm
like hey dude everybody on my head a
slight problem the ring fell off so the
ring is currently with the jeweler I'm
getting it remade I need this ring but
did you see how fly he look underlines
the picture I posted about it on my
Instagram at Logan Paul got like half a
million likes plus I did like it but
what if what if you just can keep biting
it off ah this next mechanism he see he
goes I know for sure it's gonna stay on
permanently Oh granny he said that the
first time and it came off like like a
frickin bandit eyes like yeah the
undressed I told her I was like oh he's
strong don't worry guys we're getting
the ring put back on but for now
oh speaking of diamond bands and stuff I
noticed you were wearing a bracelet I
got you for Christmas old Emily showed
up a little bit hey I bought that for my
mom for Christmas yeah I would say this
was $3,000 and the ring I bought my bird
is 5,000 I know who's more important
right not about the money I would so
happy that Logan went out shopping for
me I liked it I like you
thank you you're my mom my son okay
buddy I'm sorry okay I'm taking care of
it I'm gonna get you you know i'ma get
you your ring back but maverick I'm sad
to say no I'm sorry buddy you got to go
I got stuff to do like I was logging to
do come on come on go
howdy boy I'll see you later dude we're
going to George's house right now but I
forgot to tell you guys my mom are you
okay look at your wrist you had surgery
yeah yo this is crazy muscle my splint
wait
did you actually I did it I the damsel
did be at gentle you really did bedazzle
this I really did yeah you are such my
mom I can't even last normal anymore I
can't I can't even laugh like a guy and
this squeaking
I'm gonna get the door for you because
you're broken yo shut the fuck up you on
it you get off get up in living stop
stop stop stop
three men stop dirty I don't know guys
yo stop stop mom if you want to stuff in
my boy's carpets go ahead you know what
my eyes don't know don't you think about
my shoes guys come on
system dot dot what ah bro think you
broke my hand in the first place yo I
like your film and mom it's only for the
vlog guys they don't do that in real
life you came off yeah are you good good
good how you doing where's your song rub
I use it no what no not FaceTime mom
what of it
what a mrs. Jenkins me Logan how you
been
mom hey Goblin I do you so many times to
Bobby's hitting on you hang up my
blessing right oh there's other dry
lines on it
thank you why you don't make me nervous
mr. Jenga oh there you daughter oh man
what is it
I just how you been just wait when I hit
three lip bite
game over a few ladies later know I love
your son yeah what do you think about
that hey I have one more question
yo godmother Oh
Oh No god bless america
stop this is Jacob ah yeah you know like
it when I'm smashing your mom hey hey
there's no smashing of mothers no first
of all to so many questions on one did
that hurt - what was flapping free nose
laughs actually flap your wings
what is that how you make love yeah no
ha ha ha come here no you tell me yes
again thank you come on come on come on
on my hand
what are you doing it hurt yourself mom
what I've been telling you this is not
the first time doesn't have to be
desolate oh my god oh my god George
little boy are you okay bro bro are you
okay okay blog like you would have know
this blog read what should we do mom
Dean oh that's a better idea I've been
now i concocting this one in my head I
want you to try to shave my face right
now right now cuz look as you guys you
guys know yeah
learning to do a lot of ones up there
okay we're doing it this is it is going
down hey I'm only one-handed looking all
where's your left hand
yeah she's not your dominant hand dude
do not cut my face mom I need this TV
please okay thanks - is it difficult
losing me help you go - more than two
bottle I think that wasn't it I can do a
few things oh you that mom okay there
you go that's a three oh you donated
that water you oh this is so tragic as
she has one hand yeah okay we're doing
we doing
you gotta call mom I thought you wanted
to see most fish - hmm see this magic TV
black isn't on any laptop hi first
straight dude let's do it mom
oh my god do not cut me ain't ya oh oh I
think you I don't know
look at your face Oh Oh mom is hurt he
know you're cutting me the girl shaved
your legs there pubes all the time yeah
I know I titled the video that my mom
see my face when I'm with John we're
done okay with this hung over in my own
face no you're out of control blah blah
okay our recon team has told us that my
little brother Jake who also happen to
be your son is in the building
we're gonna go say hi to Jake thank yous
in the house I'm here too though I know
my boy
I'll be right let me turn the music down
I appreciate that bro looking out for my
vlog that's my brother how are you bro
good how are you good I brought our mom
with us she said I actually brought her
what yeah I was with him the whole
entire day so true yeah we we probably
made all the same jokes
Matt's probably not we got we I do
together she shaved my face oh you put
on Oh mom you put on his bracelet when
you went and hung out with them but
earlier you didn't have it on your watch
mom explained you Logan
no you playing like a fiddle so it's not
a good day for me bro yeah what is it
mom that whipped cream I'm shooting my
face so ha ha ha ha but she didn't shave
your face cumin this is the worst day of
my life bro I always knew growing up
that I was a black sheep which is ironic
because I'm actually just a pale white
kids and this really hurts mom it's
stinging my face flat sheesh I try bro
my mom was cutting my face maybe she was
doing on purpose because you like to
play yeah we have a race this weekend I
told us sabotaging oh wait I didn't even
tell them yet Logan and I are racing our
cars our cars yeah I got a new car he's
got a fly car that'll new it's very new
cut fast were both really fast cars and
good drive we have a good drivers
without fast car we're going to San
Diego on Sunday on a racing track and I
raced a legitimate racing you two green
lights and everything about what we're
working with pop and then we're going to
race we're gonna race for fourth but fly
dollars and dollars the winner gets
$5,000 yeah hey yo holla plane is right
you better watch out for your tires and
your gas and I put a spin on this play
probably when yours Roja yo I'm actually
the science blog off because this day
sucks
I thought my mother doesn't love me yes
not true then white was naughty
didn't kiss me you didn't make us using
my contacts I love them xxx that is it
for the vlog tomorrow's gonna be more
eventful I promise tomorrow's vlog we're
doing stuff of the epic parkour guy I
think he's like one of the best in the
world so yeah dude I will see you guys
tomorrow
take it easy
if you bitch up
