it's gonna be such a pain to clean up oh
my god
hey yo what good morning lo game so I
got that morning voice I got that deep
voice movie locking doors and turn them
nice down low I got that icy hair I'm
talking iced outside Ice Ice Baby like
that's a good day I'm about to go work
out get a pump in who wants to hit the
gym okay we heard the gym and I'm
feeling good I don't know what happened
to singing today Bravo yeah okay so uh
hi I got some good stuff planned for us
today yeah some real good stuff
including these Lego Lego so many Legos
in this giant box ha ha ha let the break
continue the only thing I need to figure
out is who the victim is I got my boy
mark I got my boy George see my logic is
I'm moving out soon why don't I just
stop let's talk about that yeah I'm
moving out tomorrow guys I've had so
many amazing memories in this apartment
man I've smashed it there there there
there there there's there I pretty much
smashed everywhere in this apartment and
it's talking to pick up I'm listening
bro but it's ok I'm the bigger and
better things it's a good thing too
though because people keep ordering
pizzas to my house like for example at
the gym this morning this a pizza I have
a pizza delivery yep how many pizzas do
they want I didn't order a pizza or
wings bro bro this happen this happen
every day for the best for the past 3
days I have not ordered a pizza and they
keep bringing Pete yeah I don't even eat
pizza bro I don't eat cheese robots and
Peter super hot it's funny though it is
funny I guess you can keep sending them
me I'm moving I don't care
a few moments later no no what's up bro
we're doing here nothing are you doing
here I'll just hang it out bro
Oh we'll be back
oh I might end up killing my brother 12
seconds later okay I was right I'm this
close to killing my brother let me show
you what oh my god shut up Abuk I'm in
distress right now no I can't handle
that no you got to tell me what happened
bro
what went wrong that you were just like
go for it Jake was in my room hear them
come in through the balcony know these
sneaky little man I go what are ya doin
they're like oh we're taping of logos
room with duct tape prank wars I was
like oh I can moving out two days of
school
X are you ready maverick you may have
appointment get the news on Jake's
channel steal his audiences with my
charisma and icy blond hair done Disney
maybe get on the Disney Channel here we
go
and then what I only have to put on the
fist for one night right I'll just sleep
on this duct tape for one night here we
go but you know what I'm salty about the
most the computer and the TV yeah that
that I don't like that hey don't don't
run away try to avoid problems no
absolutely not an excuse never give you
argue with me I'm gonna take your little
pour ahead and cut it off of my hands
yes I will
I know I'm a little worked up you're
still my boy okay give me give me kiss
come on screw you I'm gonna kiss your
butt well first do it yeah you do come
nice ass back to living today now it's
my turn to prank people this is what I
could built for okay my god leg out here
we go chrome ball this is heavy
see how I need your help can you just
can you hold this camera for me can you
thanks - I thank you oh how clever
figure idiot okay watch me you high
party 60,000
hundred hazy you left my said okay so I
think the first business is gonna be my
boy George she says how I'm gonna up I
was gonna jump in you sure yeah I think
I'm gonna walk you stop like wrapping
whip but I'm not here for you yo is it
bad like what Belle ah I was like yo
Jakes me today I feel great KITT Michael
what do we do
I know you're gonna be home later JC
jiggy's I was grinding at night maybe we
dumped the leg or something I do is bad
with TiVo I did by 0.4 seconds when I
saw the box ago what does it have Legos
there I go I did your mom and building
stuff my heart I'm building a weapons
I'm going to kill you
you're gonna kill me with your Lego
weapon just let me tell you something
George that's a possible my job I don't
even know is either so for now you look
like a crazy man
hey guys so I made it out alive but
barely I'm making knives out of Legos I
don't know how he's doing it but I
happened I got a smoothie and we are
going to a house you guys know this how
about before this vlog progresses any
further I just want to say it is a
double protein smooth you guys know how
it is with them game tima what animal
was that what was I doing the duck that
was not a duck know what speaking of
ducks this joke is going to make no
sense team are you ready guns up talk
about where you guys live where are we
bro that's the name of it we were are
you sure you don't call it the comp you
guys ever go swimming in here come on
dream o team up beating that team oh hey
from Germany
let's still the pole ting spine I just
that Justin my brother's pool got me
back today yo my whole room is
duct-taped oh the entire room means I do
a trick rap make the skateboard flip a
couple times Britta oh look at his hair
though
oh yo this is actually pretty impressive
what can you do bro maybe I was just
special yeah you went camping cheap oh
go ahead crack oh you made a snake duck
see out of your hands demos demos did
you see that that was a duck ha YAG leak
leak I was firing saliva out of his
mouth oh cool yeah you guys should all
stick the thing is I'm jealous bro I
live in a boo boo ass house in Hollywood
ratchet is bustable luckiest man I just
got my hair dyed like I really truly
feel like a Cali boy damn I'm jealous
well you guys get bored nice like an
hour
they have sounds like a fun like yo ass
first I was making fun of it and that
actually looks really fun oh y'all this
is one pack you have you guys grow
shrubs that's cool what you got bro our
plan ready it works on your weight what
are you are you sir scrolling with the
plant with the finebros no Daniel just
asked a question I second it what did
you say how did you find that out bro
Foreman I'm zooming in your face as you
try to explain this so there's no
explanation I should probably explain
why I'm here yeah sorry guy so today you
guys know I've been trying to do like
comedy music songs and these guys are
very musically talented again I do this
to guys every day can't just hear a
little something mean and never gets old
never friend value got me feeling sky so
clearly yawns new six-member yeah yeah
we're gonna make a song hopefully I
don't ruin it for them and also their
careers
oh yeah we are killing it in this room
but I came out here to see two things
one the Sun and two manager Jeff sit sit
say it say it I got to do business girl
no you say my name is Jeff oh my name's
yeah how's the making yeah someone go
right behind manager Jeff actually I go
sing her song yeah yeah I think I think
this thing in the song of the music
video I directed look at Jeff look at it
don't look at Java lovin it would you
think Jeff
are you in love yeah is your niche is
your name Jeff
my name is yeah oh no oh good work today
hands in the center I'm going to do that
staying on three that we talked about
103 stupid
so we made it back home and then I
remembered I still have to prank Jake
little brother Jake with duct tape on
the wall to talk way back so we're
taking his giant box of Lego's to his
house leg out problem is they don't
quite fit in the car
yeah no bueno but it's okay because a
bro we literally have to drive like this
we got to do it it's gonna be worth it
let's go here yeah okay Timo how we
looking looks good I said all right
sam'l Timo is checking if Jake's truck
is unlock Oh
his truck is unlocked what a big mistake
because this thing is heavy guys this is
probably like 200 pounds right now I can
hear him
oh thank you soon as we start doing it
he's gonna hear us you have to get it in
there get the rest of the bed back
this is much better tactics oh my I
would take you so much right now
Oh
yeah this is gonna be such a pain to
clean up oh my god this is what happens
when you mess with the big dogs this is
what happened I'll always be your older
brother I and that's a fact okay here's
the plan because I need to get his
reaction Logan I want you guys to see
that I want to see the look on my
brother's face when he figures out who
he's messing with you know he mo you
hide behind like there with an iPhone
classic dude we'll just go iPhone
footage I forgot my second camera rookie
vlog mistakes I'm going to ring the
doorbell I'm a smile like this and then
just run away and take off my mask you
leave I'll come back and get you don't
worry what seemed to be broken
it was Jake no no I'm gonna see Jake
nothing goes in talking with you Jake
get it dear Jake check your Chuck kick
your pity colors the gates at the gate
rat me out here oh my god dude this yo
this is the second time today I love you
you know this is it happened already
what today why does everyone want to
ruin my car well I mean let me I can
give you a good okay yeah let me rewind
about 12 hours ago when you duct tape my
entire room yeah yeah it's got a litter
right it's kind of little helio little
little yellow cup arrived oh yeah oh
yeah yeah how you going to change gears
that's one safety thing that I was gonna
bring up right now is if it goes under
the gases oh yeah find my seat ball Oh
facility building I'm not going to be
managed things up
definitely reduce what oh wait what's on
your windshield oh nothing
it looks like it says J koalas are
greater than Logan I could be sneezing
huh
I don't think it says that I think
you're saying take how long it is
yeah we go yo this is actually pretty
chill bro I got it really hurts I was
going to clean up but like I think I'm
going up baby no I don't know I clean
someone right now just like mad Legos oh
hey go on to the break we're screwed bro
momma's gonna be mad at me when I'm
going to not block it off my bike I know
there's one in how many points is it for
a trash can like that they're spreading
a look at that look at that I could not
that uh that yeah we're done with this
Frank
okay good ride guys boy good hangs roll
what I got your round
nah nah nah I'm not happy what cuz
you're cleaning this one I never broom a
broom or like a yeah pants and I'm
thinking me bitch
ain't nobody got time to clean up the
Legos effect by Jack I love you that's
my brother
yeah ugly ugly
my god ah yeah yo that was a good day
guys we did this we did that with them
I'm getting with the deep dads I'm
talking knows some things you should
know one if you're not subscribed to the
channel subscribe right now baby chewing
the locate on the family train to my
videos are now being translated in
Portuguese and Spanish so if you speak
Portuguese or Spanish now you can see
the videos translated in Portuguese
advantage you think you got to click
there like gear here with the settings
and turn this up type of runner think
you tell your friends if they were not
able to watch my videos in their native
language now you can I'm going global
baby another thing my birthday is coming
up this Saturday April Fool's Day baby
might be releasing a little bit of
merchandise agree with the members and
lastly tomorrow is the first day of
shooting Logan Paul vs. first episode
Logan Paul vs. American Ninja Warrior
that is right the show or needless to
say it's gonna be what and not that no
low gang I love you I'll see you guys
tomorrow
ticket exam okay
let's you bitch so what are you doing
are you building more things George
you'll come out you're just making these
weapons out of Legos stop stop
