heyyo good morning low gang what a dumb
ass it was bow okay guys so uh it's
actually not the morning it's uh C 9
p.m. just starting the vlog ah that blog
life guys I've said it before I'll say
it again it's tall I'm working out I'm
studying for audition five days for
auditions I'm going to meetings I'm
sucking on nipples I'm eat um take that
back the point is I'm doing stuff wrong
I worked out today uh I'm a leg area for
three hours three hours do I tweeted
this earlier follow me on Twitter at
Logan Paul but my legs feel like tube
socks filled with whipped cream they're
freaking jelly over here bro I'm in pain
and now it's the struggle of oh yeah
I've got to make a vlog get to make a
vlog I should say for the low gang it's
just you know it's my time not every day
is gonna be a banger I will say these
next two days will be bangers but right
now it's not those did it I will say a
couple things on my mind one I need a
haircut - I must say how the roommate
Mark who apparently got sick overnight
are you first was as real coffee do it
really bro how do you get sick overnight
all right I was weird
screaming a student yeah why because
you're sick or just in general like in
your heart all right oh yeah bro cuz my
vlogs are hot dude I'm so sorry here I'm
just starting my vlog dude
like 9:00 9:30 we're both dealing with
stuff bro I will say I want you to get
better not going to knock it that you
would just touch my finger
that a boy all right you better do you
think you could help me bro huh no what
are you doing bro please just answer it
tell me what I vlog come on maverick
don't run away from life's problems can
you what no I was acting no I was gonna
ask you what I should vlog what your
that go oh thanks to the input buddy I
appreciate that
mwah see you're welcome hey okay so
there you have it folks I guess today
I'm doing a try not to laugh challenge
and I'm feeling confident I feel good
about this because I'm not really in a
laughs emote like I said dude I'm for it
my muscles are exhausted I'm tired I
just don't think I'm going to laugh
but I guess let's find out let's try not
to laugh challenge you try not to let to
just make sense
we have the same page and this is good
actually because in my notes I have
planned for days like this I literally
have a note called for dull days and
it's just linked to funny videos on the
internet now here's the difference
between this video and other try not to
laugh challenge videos I was making this
subject every video was handpicked by me
but I had not watched it yet whose a
messaging this my third cousin um I'm on
Facebook Tyler listen I don't care how
you won this telling me I'm sorry I know
I was in the spelling bee in seventh
grade yeah yeah Mike's still ketal wrong
in the first round
oke TT le not al
anyway you have never seen this array of
videos before like normally people just
go on youtube and watch a compilation
not me bro ah crap I'm gonna stop
talking and yelling let's dive into this
challenge okay what we got here
Shama Shama Guyana horse oh okay we see
his butt crack funny but I'm not
laughing yet but homie just can't get it
this poor guy this poor horse this is it
friends help each other out
come on you got what you got that's my
soui let's dance
yo wait did I just lose weight did I
just lose a job not enough you know the
giggle nose not a laugh you go
that wasn't funny a lot the first one
the horses start to collapse
dude hit you're off like an extra three
feet and stuff it through
oh okay awesome Jim I suck I'm sorry
continue
oh god this is gonna be funny god I
can't believe I just watch these people
do this for 56 this is amazing if I
don't have a son that I can go back and
forth with and say wow that Susan I've
sailed into Paris if you want to have my
child make sure to comment below guys
included
okay okay I'm done with that video I did
not last I my eyes are watering a little
bit I just because I'm wondering like
how much time do you have that you like
you like y'all I'm gonna make my nose a
bus and then twerk to Rihanna's work
song and again I make daily love okay
next video this cannot be good oh this
is not funny
here's it not even funny
it is dude oh my god
this text just said dude wow I have one
thought in my mind I gotta try that dude
where is this I'm sending an email right
now here we go when you and your
co-workers find out about the free food
in the break room
okay now not laughing it's okay a couple
monkeys riding a pig that's like me and
my boys you know we've never done it
with a big book actually we've never
done that but I feel like I got
something me and my boys would do it is
dog doing a mannequin challenge oh my
god oh my god no the dog is not painting
the house the dog is painting the house
how how the dog is at the toilet block
don't you toilet no that's always going
to take a shot this is incredible
oh my god dude I did a mannequin
challenge video this dog is better than
the people I use in my videos I gotta
get to stop roasting another email this
device enables you to lick your cat's
fur ball free why would I want to do
that licky brush takes you in your
felines relationship to the next level
I'm sorry I got a pause this video right
now so you want to take the relationship
you have with your cat to the next level
by licking them with a fake tongue
that's we're on the same place the king
of the hut that is good what are you
doing decree evaluate yourself cats
urges like they're made to lick
themselves that's why the tongues are
like sandpaper everyone knows that so
why are you doing for that wrong just
let the cat flip just let him live here
we go this is videos apparently this
scientist was about to retire and then
he found out a way to save the ocean
most people don't know this but we've
lost 25 to 40% of the world
oil and if you wonder if that'll make a
difference enough and should ask
yourself you like to breathe you know
what come to think of it that's a good
question
you know considering its the reason up a
lot but saving the ocean is a good cause
I actually this is the one cause I
actually feel passionate about which is
not going to turn into a PSA but I'm
just saying for right now if you donate
10 cents a day for the rest of your life
you too can help save the Arctic Ocean
I'm just kidding but really save the
ocean climate change is real doctrine
okay next video he doesn't speak games
or what more than 7,000 people come to
one single event to meet but also I
wanna say feel something spills out the
skin I'm a sabe right there uh I just
want this lady was saying I think was
that he doesn't speak he gazes and 7,000
people come to watch this man gay try
what teeth look I am 21 years young
right and I was like yo I can make money
off of youtube in the internet and do
stuff that I love and make a living you
can make money through games I'm in the
wrong profession bro
no look do you think I have what it
takes
did you feel anything do you feel like I
healed you let's keep watching I'm
actually curious about this when he
sends a lot of groups of people they
feel a sense of hope if you see they
feel like let's make sense hope peace
like life makes sense again not as many
people say that the light comes look I
hate talking smack a lot of people and
I'm not going to talk to Mac about
brocco in fact I'm going to say I need
to meet this man I need to feel his gaze
I want brocco to look me in the face I
want I like to mean something I want to
find the meaning in my life I know it
goes beyond being a YouTube person you
know I don't know actually maybe this
isn't for me doing whatever it was a fun
ride
thanks for watching my vlog I'm gonna go
jump off my balcony now see you guys I
guess okay look closely here's the
picture of Rocco I guess if I really
just dug deep down to the bottom of my
heartstrings
I could see why people enjoy looking at
this man but the one thing I'm curious
about it homie doesn't speak he just
gazes Braco did you enjoy the movie Oh
Braco I want to get a puppy what do you
think of that one Maggie listen I'm
happy for Bronco that he's found a way
to make money
oh hi marques bravo Bravo look it if you
look into his gaze barely heals you all
this is perfect actually look into this
look into this man's gaze tell me reveal
something honestly I feel way better
whoa
and that's it for the vlog guys the
Triads our last challenge is complete I
lost yeah I love like halfway through
there it didn't even turn into a try not
to laugh challenge and it started
commentating but such is life dude I
like colleges I was spontaneous and like
it happened it was a suggestion from my
bird and then we just did it god bless
america
why am i so annoying don't worry guys
next two days worth of logs are going to
be tops and don't forget we have one of
my most excited favorite videos that I'm
releasing on Saturday I'm talking March
I'm talking another big thing that is
absolutely incredible
walking up car okay has to do with the
car he'll be ready for that low gang I
love you guys I will see you tomorrow
take it easy Sam whoo quick I can't like
I wasn't holding the camera so I can't
see I farted so I'm just going to kind
of shake my head feel it right here X
cube is what he'll look like it you look
tired
you don't know what - nothing
