warm up yeah try to change the subject
so it's actually not the morning what
time is it uh it's um 156 158 yeah mist
evening so I'm with my boy Georgie I'm
with my boy waters with my boy when did
he become your boy oh wait you're right
you're butters you in my boy I don't
even know you like that I mean look you
cool and shit but it just our
relationship has been blast don't lick
my face like that only my boys allowed
to lick my face yeah hey buddy good
morning I'm good too
yeah what what is it oh no they're just
nuts actually no yes for you so let me
give a little hit to you guys - March
that I'm releasing what Saturday has to
do with the guys I just want to point
out I have some good news you are wrong
why viral videos bro viral content on
the Internet
yeah dude yesterday I posted the video
that I made with Dwayne the rock Johnson
have you seen him hello that I told you
guys to go comment on it on my Instagram
and Mark always makes fun of me he goes
yo when you shoot videos how do you know
they're gonna go viral mark can you come
here over to my Facebook page
do me a favor see this video says don't
mess with the rock yeah I wouldn't miss
it that's me in the rock what does that
number say 17 and 17 minutes the 17
million tonight do you know how long ago
I posted that yeah like 12 hours eight
hours ago two million views eight hours
okay we're a team yes sure don't stop my
virality bro what are you doing are you
looking at porn again don't forget the
fact that it's ten hours ago because I
just I am the one to weigh a ton don't
even you can't just leave like that with
that little dog bro there's like yo this
hurts me bro damn damn homie roasted me
then leaves bro what do you know how to
make viral content if there's one thing
I know how to do it's how did you split
massages two ladies that are 80 years
and above if there's two things I know
how to do its make viral content in that
last game I still try to figure out why
people like you bro you're just you're
just a gift from Allah can I be honest
with you I think it's my hair
okay how did you get back in here first
up you know the vlogs not over okay so
just helpless and amazing anywhere I go
I'm taking you I need you in my life
like limelight wherever I go I'm taking
you whenever I call you my lifeline no
no don't do that don't do that yo yo yo
no no no no but stop stop stop stop yeah
no no bad bad butters you do you think
they'd have a war let's see let's let's
actually find out I'm curious because I
believe no no just leave
oh god it's a war of the century
yeah okay you guys know me so you know I
have a problem with being in adults I
hate it bro and one thing I hate the
most yo calm yeah I gotta say it's got
to be longer so much so that I've
ignored doing it for the past I don't
know two weeks maybe
Oh oh my god I've made a mistake oh this
is a lot of laundry right here oh my
gosh if you'll excuse me while I do this
how do I
oh okay guys so while my laundry
laundry's I'm gonna open up this box
like the lines beginning of the day you
might have been able to tell I was like
bro bro I don't know what I'm gonna vlog
today and I still don't but I'm hoping
the contents of this box will help me
this company has a bunch of weird goofy
things and I forgot what I bought from
them but yeah like I said I hope it's
good oh look at this yeah alright check
it out the 3d doodler create awesome no
actually this is really cool this is a
3d drawing pen meaning I can take
something like this car for example or
this little cube perhaps and draw it in
3d
yeah it's 2017 bro I'm talking
innovation before I start playing with
that I need to do two things number one
nap your boy needs a little Z's I find
what I'm working out hard and eating
healthy I need to sleep more like I try
to get at least eight hours but normally
get like five and then number two is
work out so after my nap and I hit the
gym a little gangster I'll catch you
guys in a little bit ready see you soon
hey guys it's me Logan I don't even know
why I try to take a nap guys in the hour
and lay down I got seven calls and two
people walked in something called sixty
minutes and put the phone right here so
it was right next to my face maybe
that's my fault but everybody's got
something to say
also let me point out I was hungry I
felt like I needed energy so I mean this
frozen banana it's very good new cunt
it's like ice cream mm-hmm there's a
little heart that's okay rocket okay
let's go workout with my boy Georgie
brother what do we got today you know
yes check out chicken just stop the
fucking the vlog is not over yet that's
my thing I'll do it now I'm just kidding
no blogs none over we have to work out
we have back abs and cardio today except
we were working out my way meaning you
have to try to keep up are you nervous
looking out of you
yeah these girls I'll work out with you
and then you can go home and Sean I'm
gonna continue to work out oh wow let's
get this started bro you got some balls
saying that about my workout okay my man
I know what you know I did the mochi
challenge today my stomach's kind of
hurting so what the mochi challenge oh I
made it up
both shoved as many Mochis in our mouths
and items would you hate them I ate
seven motions for bro bro bro you are so
rude we got a two-mile job right now and
he pissed me off by saying it's easy so
I'm gonna go extra hard on them okay
we're just still going as you can see
these on the phone this men doesn't know
how to work hard I talked to my mom in
my spare time this man is a lap behind
run yo you got it you're good that a boy
there's nothing I just I'm gonna break
your butthole
didn't flinch okay
it'll warm up yeah
no warm-up try to change the subject
into the heat
decided to show I've gotta want it
though you do gotta want it what time is
it we're so out here put it like 9 p.m.
9 o'clock you know who's actually kind
of working hard today I don't say it but
your bro that's not today all right
do not look good for anybody's good
right no guys quick question why you
went wrong like that because we're
trying to finish our warm-up so your
stuff we're gonna are you gonna set
let's go
I'm impressed
yo I swear to god he was breathing happy
before I started the camera I swear to
God what are you doing what are you
doing another way can't run the mirror
like he wouldn't know this vlog my
plastic plug dude you did good today quo
it's a good look right outside you're
good bro I was weird came back upstairs
got a protein shake that's where we're
at and I promised I would doodle for you
guys in 3d of course so god bless
america
I'm gonna doodle in 3d but yeah I worked
out pretty hard at a yoke joy my man
actually worked hard ish for once in his
life George I know the first thing you
do when you wake up in the morning is
watch my vlogs I just want to shouts to
you bro you impressed me today one day
one day you'll be you'll be all right
okay guys I took a shower I cleaned off
cuz hygiene is good and after reading an
extensive set of directions and two
different pieces of paper I think I know
how to draw in 3d now because now I'm
gonna give this a shot
okay I'm know Michelangelo I'm no
Picasso but I am Logan's pretty simple
enough let me point out it's 12:15 a.m.
I'm drawing with a 3d pen at midnight
and what the fuck am i doing okay don't
know what I'm doing let's give this a
shot
oh wait nothing's happening
I don't know what just happened it's not
working oh this is crazy
the life is amazing oh my gosh this is
really cool guys oh I am Michelangelo
look at what I made
can you read that I kind of messed up
the last G but it says lo can cut okay
here's the thing here's the thing ready
for oh that's 3d son did you see that
lo gang in 3d bro just what I do want to
try to make something in actual 3d right
so I'm gonna try to make a mini cube
let's give this a cup okay Logan you've
got this
what else am i doing okay apparently I
don't got this this is the cube so far
not coming out so hot but it's okay
practice makes perfect right I'm gonna
keep going
oh I think I think I got it I think I'm
learning yep yep yep yep I'm learning
I'm definitely learning dude
okay I messed up that last strand I'm at
the finish line though dude I'm on the
home line from touchdown okay listen to
me I know the cube sucks I just didn't
want to admit it I'm proud of myself I'm
happy this whole vlog today it was kind
of not gonna lie well imma get better lo
gang just remember that okay mwah okay
guys that is it for the vlog and as
usual I will see you guys tomorrow just
a quick little thank-you just I'm
feeling appreciative thank you guys for
watching my vlogs man it means a lot to
me like I like it but yeah all right
guys I'll see you tomorrow I mean take
it easy take it easy
