hey good morning low gang I got gold
sunglasses 18 karats we're all obsessed
with these I'm not gonna lie guys okay
so I just got back from the gym it was
dope I got so well and a lot of people
have been asking low-key doves
why are you working out so much lately
I'm just kidding literally no one has
asked that but I'm gonna tell you anyway
Logan Paul versus my show season two
it's been picked up when you're shooting
it pretty much all throughout April if I
don't my birthday is coming up April 1st
what is it what what date is all it's
much gonna be March 24th when this vlog
comes out yeah dude I'm shorting zoom
man I'm turning 22 on April 1st anyways
yeah Logan Paul vs. season 2 and a lot
of the stuff that I'm bursting or
challenging is like super physics I just
want to make sure I'm in tip-top Egypt
top top stivity not not bad shape for
that and yeah we got fun collapse today
uh we got a fun collab today with a
guest that I know you guys love and then
I'm going through a high fashion event
tonight so um we'll be putting on my
sexy clothes wash auntie why dad too
much bro Kevin Hart would say because he
was in my video the dab is dead cuz all
the differences are Kevin Hart of stuff
just kidding how you feeling oh look
look my mixtape just drop and that's it
is higher ha ha whoa no need to be so
loud no I here is because my mixtape
just drop that ya know it's what know
that yo its fire oh hi mark
oh hi mark oh hi Logan dog so that girl
guys with the big booty she left home
now really what are we gonna do it's a
real shame but you know the good thing
about being creators on the internet yes
you'd up you got me booyah holy bro the
good thing about being a millennial is
we only got booty at our fingertips
honestly though bro computer booty
better than real-life booty
I'm not gonna have any something else
good news bears guys it's time to eat
food my first meal of the day will we go
fiesta veggie scramble or got mandarin
chicken all right here somebody Papa's
coming to the event tonight that is true
yeah I bet I look sexier than you wrote
that it's true why you just admit it
like but I got you just luck
no you're right Road I'm very human why
my question is why not
cheers bro you got it thanks I'll see
you later one page is a weird are you
still my girl the great thing about
having meals pressed for you is that you
don't have to worry about what to eat Oh
what do you how did you get back in here
first off I thought you left
double tiny thing second up Wow you're
fired
a Mexican comes over to my house put
double-sided tape on me and then strums
it to TiVo Oh hurts what is it bag what
oh yeah you're right Oh God today is
laundry day you know I hate laundry day
about time too little more to make me
look go to China yeah why actually I'm
about to make myself with all my oh I
have a logistical oh no it smells like
workout ah yeah I'm really gonna throw
it on the ground right there huh well
come on move out is like a couple days
please no well if you have any desire
helping me wrong cuz about to do all
this room that's dryer what's up
question Sophie is that you how you been
huh yeah what are you doing to my job
I've been waiting here
I got a surprise eat your hands go but
yeah I haven't done my laundry in a
while
graduating classes oh no those are good
I like that but I better not dolce
gabbana 18 karat gold do you need help
getting out man good
are you sure okay what does Joan
upstairs hanging out and mark walks in
and you brought your friend over um how
tall you by the way six foot three four
okay cool and how tall is your friend
seven-foot one you're seven foot one
yeah member yo.hannes is crazy why
Martin you're like six four whoa whoa
what's it like bro what you didn't see
her no you're only there for like a
solid spot oh my god those tall people
are like a little like gangly but you're
like in statement you have been really
athletic yeah this is impressive what
you got going on there the build and the
height and everything put Sophie have
you seen what she can do oh my god I
love itself becomes rocket I can just
like show her off how you doing on this
yes what do you think of that beau he
doesn't you know Thursday okay so we are
walking to go do a stunt right now as
you guys know this little girl right
here is capable of shooting arrows from
her feet you're like a real-life
superhero Sophie you should be called
pasta girl because your hair looks like
some sort of noodle see Muhammad Ali
look for the location can I get a double
thumbs up from our German boy that's the
most German thing I've ever shot in this
alleyway before and we have gotten
kicked out from here currently doing a
wall set to set up this target this is
your target yet look at this what is
that oh that is an ass for Sophie I
don't have a symbol what the heck the
only people I have L I think everything
is set up I think we're ready for the
Sun I'm yelling but whispering because I
don't want to get kicked out again with
the dads I got to stop at this point
it's just involuntary oh yeah okay yeah
let's do the all this security guard
security cut here's the shady thing
about this you have a bow and arrow I'm
just going to put it right out there you
have a bow and you have an arrow this is
used to kill people key people have died
in the past let's all talk about what go
fish it's a card game
it's a card game if we deal cards that
each person gets seven and when you deal
card you say go fish you try to match
them you talk to you time oh okay you're
German we go we just pull them both that
go fish talk works every time
oh wait he's coming back uh if you were
doing go fish and you drew a three what
would you do
I'm just rented by time you guys don't
have to answer these question
so as soon as he rounds the corner
shooting this video and okay hey what's
up Internet my name is Logan Paul if you
did not know that now you know this is
Sophie dusty hi yeah I just said that
you guys have not seen Sophie has a
really cool town
so as you can see Sophie she's pretty
accurate right right oh yeah you don't
respond adjust the camera stick now
we've done this before she has shot a
pineapple on my head was that hard no no
okay good because today we're doing it
with an apple absolute little smaller
than a plaintiff she decides you also it
does have the pine
oh there's our Sophie why what are you
doing you said you paid the Apple I can
show you the Apple right here wait no
there isn't my chance
don't be come on come on don't what am I
gonna do what you did was wrong
apologize what would other people think
of this what do you think it is what do
you think isn't like I'm I know the
arrow in my chest
you didn't know how did you not notice
this girl shot me in the chest with an
arrow with your feet oh so it's kind of
cool do you think it's kind of sexy that
I can take an arrow to the chest
yeah make like like oh I like that I
like you I like you oh that's my man
there's an arrow in my chest oh no what
do I do
you're going deeper good now guys what
up G
any advice what happened there my girl
shot me in the chest with an arrow now
you do yes
if you think if you could have a good
day what up good
oh yeah don't be bossy pants me in the
chest with an arrow
you're evil like my roommate Oh
Mark's so aggressive oh I got someone
your own size mark 10 next to bow for me
no no I said bow that's Sophie there you
go fro this is not fire okay look I feel
like I could watch this all day like
this is amazing a few moments later
alright
so please what are you doing what do we
talk about but what you're saying makes
this much sense zero when you get out of
my dryer yeah that's impossible
Sophie magic is a real one
Sophie so hey where'd she go
have you guys seen sir ah ah he's just I
read that it wasn't real magic guys
who's fake wife or real doctors I'll
miss you where did they go so yo
everyone left yeah it's just me little
old Logan I have that event that I'm
leaving to go to about an hour
at which point up one of my job I got
put on my sexy clothes Doolittle is oh
yeah but I forgot to tell you I'm
freaking tired
oh god that actually got hurt I got four
hours of sleep last night yeah I don't
feel a little lethargic lowlife things I
got no down to be lethargic and lazy cuz
I gotta get 600 sexy level achieved was
Gucci I'm dabbing again damn it
yo real taco yo yo I'm just sayin yo and
I got a buddy come here bro yes my boy
look good we look amazing look really
good bro so while I'm walking you're out
I noticed something what happen here do
you want a explanation for the supplies
bro you dude honestly that's all you
need you do like you got a sacrifice for
the beauties of people is watching bros
weekend under a gas is no gain that's
nearly same gross Mexican guns everyone
because you literally have no idea what
you're saying what up what I'm Japanese
yes Oh bro we're looking good for all
looking fire fire acquittal our cars
outside
I tell them to wait more yeah whoa the
manager Jeff was being a little
aggressive I don't know why Bobby and I
are about to go to the
we've got to clean up bro I'm talking
girls here I'm talking girls there to
prove homicide off we get it we know why
you keep stealing my thing
this is my thing and I know you walked
in my house while our sauce in the chest
disk I do also I want to know how you
expect to clean up that with this row it
was even worse this with that and it
friendship I'm not helping you what I'm
not helping
what I'm not helping you these English
wiki do not subscribe to in the family
now let me do it ladies man we will use
that one
if you bitch fucking alright why
