oh hey good morning Logan what we should
I say what's poppin like I always do I
don't know if I like that guys I don't
know if I like the woods but I call me
some no no anyway yeah how are you guys
you guys good you look good I'm glad I
feel good I'm out here definitely out
here I'm alive that's a good thing okay
who wants to go work out you know I'm
wondering if it's like illegal to be
truthful you know there's a lot of like
eyes and slowly hitting that point hey
I'm just kidding I lift weights like a
little girl double just kidding brah I
pushed those lbs I'm talking about kg
yeah what am i working out with Harry
Potter's do they vote Harry Potter
strong dude Avada Kedavra mother hey if
you notice my vlogs I haven't hit the
gym in a while so this is good this is a
nice little refresher for me yeah people
are staring at me yeah I'm all about oh
yeah okay yo I destroyed that workout
Gallow protein shake right here my chest
is plump my heart is something and my
hips are bumping dude so I'm walking
home and look what I see what is this
bro like oh my god this doesn't describe
my life perfectly now it looks like
maverick right it's not necessarily his
colors oh my god it's a parrot bro this
is this is my parrot it's like at times
like this I realize I have a bird
problem it's so cool though where who is
the owner of this you guys know who's
the owner of that bird is
the bird the bird no gaming is he in
here the other the owner of the bird is
in there somewhere look there's me hey
Logan somewhere in there what is going
on what's happening don't think I'm a
lot in here like these guys hopefully
don't say anything but I'm a walk-in
it's a private production but I need
that bird oh my god suddenly this all
make sense where am i right out well we
got gorillas dinosaurs shark
what is this there's like rocket ships
up this is a guy flying right here this
is right next door to my house well my
house now as you guys know I'm getting
kicked out I also don't know how no one
has said anything to me like people are
working and no one's kicked me out I'm
just gonna bounce this is actually
pretty peaceful ha ha ha
go bye bird I can't steal you cuz that's
wrong if only you knew what I just saw
what yes it was you it was an exact
replica of you the colors were off I'm
not gonna lie
oh it's not my fault I did make it I'm
good thanks for asking had a good list
got my chest pumpin yet my heart my
heart jumping - yeah and yeah my hips
were busted ok max no more small talk I
got a shower I got a fitting to go to
for a big fashion event wha love you too
buddy and boom okay we are in Beverly
Hills my hair dude I need a haircut soon
ah okay there we go
I'm with Timo yo what's up bro I'm going
to show you what I found you see my car
yep that's my car bro losing all my fine
money guys I was able to afford this
damn bro yes sir do you like it I love
it
yeah man yeah it's mine go really know
like our Honda man it was an uber man I
got out of the Honda because I was in an
uber it's kind of a big but yeah if it
was my car if you take a picture of that
be more like what you say hell yeah take
a picture you broke I think I got a
couple good ones bro
all right oh oh look if I see gyda look
you might see God put it love your car
bro hackett so we've been in Beverly
Hills for three minutes already
extremely distracted who could this be
it's Jeff my name's yes hey manager Jeff
very good yeah
oh you see me yep sign me bro snipe me
yeah dad done done done done
yeah yeah yeah this place is so nice bro
yes look at what I'm wearing I'm so out
of it I need help
can't you do something with it I I said
the same thing I was looking at it and
it was like no it's not a control it
does need to be cutter something what do
you guys say old styled style like this
maybe we take the unicorn I can rock it
like maybe nope I got you know the
rocket major Josh book
Josh mode give me some Sperry and a nice
little like polo bro I'm a frat boy stop
it children are you gonna are you having
a sexy today thank you please see
hitting on me bro
so is that wampa oh my god he was he's
Lilly doesn't make sense
he really uses here oh my god I'm pretty
sure he was wearing this in one of his
recent Instagram this is it yeah you
guys see the resemblance yours there we
don't
I missed you Wamba oh I just missed you
bro Donald Trump is separating us via
all the walls possible my Mexican
hermano
I'm just curious educate me because I'm
nothing about fashion how much is like
rumba t-shirt for example how long a
time five what 500 EUR the button now
advertise denim great denim Josh we got
options I think we just go ahead and
what I am on road to Asheville big rock
the muscles oh this is too tight right
yeah just just a little too tight man
this is why don't you fashion bro I'm
living up to four brothers oh sorry much
time what you need to type I think it's
perfect but especially the crotch hits
bumpkin see like the rest I'm not saying
it's move but uh something might go down
this look I just gotta why they let me
in this form oh I don't belong in
Beverly huh I'm going back to Ohio
you guys live confirm that's not a joke
Ohio might be the move LA what is going
on why is it raining you come all the
way from Germany bro and this is what
you what do you think right now
why it sucks man I mean not only does
the rain make everyone sad but it makes
Timo forget how to speak English I said
efficiency what is he saying
I don't know yeah we got to go home now
and then actually I'm checking out new
apartments I have to as you guys know
they're kicking me out of my place if
you didn't get the message in
yesterday's vlog it's because the fans
low gang stands across the street at the
parking garage I need you I love you
guys but I need you to stop you got a
chill and it hurts me to say that point
yet oh wait I also bought this thing
gold sunglasses baby Oh 18 karat Sun I
honestly don't know what that means I
don't buy jewelry often but I got a
gazillion nice nice oh hi mark
oh hi mark how are you dude Gary we
think my 18 karat gold sunglasses
I already saw him on your story but what
what a story
your Instagram story how Logan Paul's
you want to follow me there but wait
wait really
yeah you put him up feel that's
disappointing man that was an hour ago
bro I keep up to date with my roommate
yo but that doesn't make any sense like
how can I inform you on my life if
you've already seen everything it takes
the phone away from me I'm blocking you
I'm blocking you right now I saw how
marked Instagrammer hair go ahead and
block my boys blocked my furnace marked
on a block it was you some people I can
actually inform you about I like what
fuck you
kind of walk two phones one for the plug
and one for the hose amp up and I'll be
right back yo yeah I knew it
that's not you know work yeah I'm
blocking your breath day uh yeah for the
people dead damn you should be an
Instagram model ah potentially
potentially I'm unblocking my boy
unblock there we go thank you my bro
yeah every way that follow we do sailor
you unfollow me I think when you block
it automatically an apology yeah man you
took two wells right there it's okay yo
anyways I'm going to check out new
apartments right now at the W next door
still feel hurt yeah that's still kind
of suck look who's here George
Brandon you guys are your market here oh
honey oh hi mark
also I just want to take this time to
point out vlogger extremely intense
camera logger extremely intense camera
vlogger little tiny camp guys you don't
need equipment to make you better ask
your girlfriend literally makes no sense
well no see if you had bigger hardware
you would have a girlfriend would you
say oh yeah that is the thing when we
sit belches ah dude I don't think I've
heard you swear without that like weird
beeping thing in such a long time it's
like they have all that happens in real
life is to realize - when I cuss it when
I say things like that's me I'm in
tobacco what happened here but George is
coming to check out apartments with that
so let's go so my building is right here
okay we are checking out this building
right here not that's alright you can
handle that as a friend you're gonna be
okay come on don't cry bro we good bro
don't cry George I have something
that'll make you feel better
I'm okay know what we got here
Oh what about me I don't remember oh my
god this is such a big balcony I'm one
person this is for like four people
again it's still raining you forgot to
speak English
that one looks local at night Mike I
think it would look cool too yeah what
what no I wasn't this is party materials
oh you literally won't be able to get
girls out of here bro Exhibit A ah and
bro think of all the plants I could
plant bro so much room for plant George
r√©pondre apartment bro there's George's
loveSac there's his apartment really see
into my room
I know bro so anytime avoid smashing
roll leave those blogs Oh bitch out of
queer I think so if I moved in here gee
the Logan could stand on that roof I
think until I get kicked out of this
place so pay attention guys you got to
get up there does it come with this
silver horse bro
yeah nope wait built-in fridge one and
wine for adults and stuff oh my god
how's the shower pretty the toilet is
almost nice enough really it's just kind
of regular and I like my toilets like I
like my glasses golden I love God what
we got here the hallway wait what you
two doors in here you can get it with
cool in this in the closet yeah man this
this is popping right here little closet
at all no bathroom always a cookie yeah
okay we got the second bedroom the cool
thing about this is how this post is
just right here
this is the kind of bullet but it's okay
we don't both get off that bed it's not
yours you don't belong here you're a
really soft bed though I keep laying on
it I won't be soft but I think if I do
this I'm gonna need a roommate oh look
at me after this goes out in the balcony
as well
my god this balcony is in Creole what
you doing bro bro come on we don't even
know if the water works
I know it is a nice bathroom
I can hear the trickle this is not but
yeah nice little cute little secondary
bathroom what is this I don't know okay
we are now on the roof all I told you
plants plants everywhere man the first
thing I do when I move here is just
plant plants everywhere oh this is a
good side it's a snail look at this
little Oh Oh Gary from Sponge Bob is
that you now leave it alone leave it
alone bro you're in danger endangered
bro I'll be the letter no George that's
not what Americans do I know you're
serious but you need to chill oh my
goodness oh I'm at the W bar I meet you
in the lobby
yo this is popping popping level hi oh
is that our apartment yeah this is our
complex my house is over there got a
little freaked out you guys to look into
my apartment at easy I don't mind a bro
again just leave the blinds open when
you smash it'll be gravy there's an
infamous parking garage that is just the
real a people come yo you guys can still
come away from up here yeah but this is
I mean this is awesome we got like
awnings and stuff and more of them and
guys I know the weather sucks right now
but this view is again litmus level hi
besides the cranes and Hollywood and
stuff but yeah look at this - 360 view
first is having currently active
diarrhea or who have had active diarrhea
within the previous 14 days shall not be
allowed to enter the pool no I gotta
bounce through that apparently okay so
we just finished and we saw some other
apartments that I wasn't worried wasn't
really into they just weren't worthy of
the vlog but now we are walking back
there Georges building oh god that
sounds weird my ex building which is
actually right here so it's not a very
long walk he was my main building not
you my ex building you hurt my feelings
oh hey bro so I just checked out this
apartment bro Chuck are you looking are
you looking for a roommate bro I'll be
your roommate might be the move bro I
just want to say that and that I love
you
I invited good news and bad news broke
bad news I think I am gonna move tonight
to not disappoint the complex you still
gonna be my boy right yeah if your good
news the good news right now you could
save a 15% on your arm sir try switching
baby I have gone mauza
oh boy this is this bro he's moving out
of 1600 yo the W might be the move for
me dude yeah well now you're still my
boy bro still my boy I'll do the same
thing to do with marks you'll have hair
so doesn't work as well but bro I'll
still be next door we'll be there
everybody that's what I like here bro
that's the day guys I think yeah that's
it I will say when I walk back into this
apartment today I was like I just don't
know if the compete and I'm happy that I
still get to live close to my boys
because I realized I don't really like
go places to hang out with people I got
my boys right here I do my work and then
we chill bro so yeah that's a good thing
as usual I have fun stuff planned for
this week so stay tuned if you are not
subscribed make sure you join the low
gang join the family because we are this
level max and I will see you tomorrow
take it easy Sam
if you bitch yo I'm so sorry
yeah I wasn't even recording that time I
don't know what have
