oh good morning okay what's office yo I
feel good girl like I woke up I went to
the gym I worked out so I'm like kind of
sweaty right now I destroyed my body I
got a nice little protein shake and I'm
on top before and I got a set row it
feels good to be here
ya know the vibes are good right now it
was raining earlier it stopped it's noon
and I have the whole day ahead of me -
just just - Gotham stop for example oh
yeah bro do you guys have any idea what
those are no okay I'll tell you slime
bath and jelly bath I've seen this on
youtube you fill up a bathtub or pool or
any body of water probably not like an
ocean or a lake a bit too big when you
fill it up and then you put this powder
in there and supposedly the water turns
into like a gel or a slide I have both
had both gel and slimes however you're
only supposed to do one at a time so I
think we're going to do gel later yeah
yeah gel gel is better than slime yeah
yeah we're going to jail but I just
despise things up a bit you guys know
how I like to do it I'm bringing a
special guest so who may or may not be a
female getting in a bathtub with me
bulu jail okay chief anyways let's go
stare what's up - maverick the barrier
to the to the to the trabecular to the
cure to the temperature conductivity to
Paducah man
whoa whoa thanks my boys don't attack me
you understand I will fuck you up matter
what did you do bro I come down to say
hi and be a good owner what speak up
what are you saying bro maverick is
talking smack making nests and stuff you
say bro that's what I'm saying oh yeah
get in say ah oh
oh snap maverick you pissed him off bro
oh god we have a war of the 10th class
know what's happening
oh my god this is gnarly yo everybody
okay this turned into a oh that's real
quick maverick I'm coming bro
yeah it's why I've never raced so fast
what just happened might have been from
the workout but yo holy what have you
been doing have you brought your
motivated meeting in the gym every day
right yeah there's a different role
different mindset you guys know you've
seen it every day I'm going to the gym
for like two hours and you're looking
slimmer bro I'm looking slimmer I've
lost like 10 pounds we out yeah oh wait
really oh yeah bro see look go do it do
the thing oh yeah buddy
sock it back good ol okay what are you
doing today Mark Toner
I'm gonna go to a concert tonight oh hi
I'm gonna take a bath with gel with a
girl who's gel I mean my gel I think
Louis dress what girl he goes who is gel
my gel okay Michael no no it's okay I
had a girlfriend in high school rains
with my Gail so it's kind of similar my
name is what my Gail honestly I'm more
stunning you had a girlfriend
can I use your bathtub yeah clean it up
check out this shirt I'm can't guarantee
then what the fuck what is that bro
thoughts are us thankful yeah but it's
not your thoughts no then do you
actually like that one can I try it on
yeah nedra shouldn't do this okay should
this be the thumbnail bro I got a girl
coming over and girl about to take a
bath be full of gel that's the best on
the other oh you want it off oh you're
going you're going to wear this for your
portion of personal pleasure personal
yeah heck it right now I'm actually
headed to my boy King batches house or
did you think I was and say you I know
we lived together
Marga but first before I leave I told
mark I want to give him something bro I
got you a gift
I'm a good roommate 'add yeah Oh check
this up so I came in the bathroom here
check this out I already said that
check us out these are leather backpacks
custom made like leather hiking backpack
they're super nice super durable like
this now look fresh leather when I got
to you see one here and one up there one
is from mark okay mark on three open
your eyes
three what is it bro it's a leather
backpack like handmade for hiking and
just outdoors what does it smell like
leather right I got you some man mark
first off thank you bro I got you dude I
cannot the camo shirt in this pack yo
you look like a full fledge like savage
right now like a man dude look like a
bear walk turn around run yo it's dope
on you bro hiya hood I know what I'm a
boy tile is it okay yeah what I do
yeah yeah we can wear imagine beer
amazing it my god okay damn yo so I'm
here and let me just say back used to
live in our building homey upgraded bro
Oh Mike he adopted right now my boy
Trudeau got a mansion hot where's Andrew
all away that's just me Andrew you guys
see the bed glass Andrew oh my god there
he is
oh he's flexing it's my boy hi please
you upgraded this is my first time here
man straight adultage at a fucking low
ball is foul hot with hell bro yeah bro
give me a tour
that's dope yeah that's cool yo nice
from you if I live in a house like this
I would just trash it with kids stupid
stuff we got a ping-pong table yeah you
got a pool and a view and a hose and a
mop yeah you got a hose back home you
got a sauna
you gotta unwind bro to run one yes
exactly your life ah bro
real talk and we'll work out hard I
could use one department in it and a
basketball hoop I actually could
probably get one of those if I wanted to
Oh bro that is gaming now this is the
gaming room you have a gaming channel I
am a YouTube gamer I actually like don't
love video games I was thinking this
morning I wish I did because after my
workouts would be so nice to just go
home and just like plop on a couch and
just like not think about anything into
the game right but I can't that's it
rope my mind's in like a million places
at the same time and like I do I enjoy
it but I get bored like that but what I
love is some gaming one day for you
gamers out there I'm a YouTube gamer
this is his bathroom I feel like I'm in
an episode of Chris this is absolutely
massive and knowing that I mean I know
my boys got the shoe collection
Brujo shoes on deck oh the second closet
bro how could I forget
holy yeah thanks for showing me you're
on dude yeah all we did what do they say
anything and then they you got a custom
anything to get doesn't get them stout
so get this yeah our just kidding that's
not actually all we did we had a meeting
a little brainstorming session you know
how it is batch and I'm making that yeah
guys I just shot it so it make it look
like a house story I'm funny from injury
like and subscribe bro okay let's go
back home
hey yo what's up guys so I took a nap
I'm back home and I'm feeling nappy boy
I was a does that mean yo if you hear
the giggling there's a special guest
area tiger on soccer monitor bro come
here come here come here come here come
here come here
hop in here she's so short she's so
short you guys are never gonna see this
is hilarious something about Tila is
like all the spots you could stand in my
house she goes to the top of this love
sack and just sits there
you're just tiny you know you fit in
small spots okay like them thank you my
vlogs RPG no they're not 1000 not 100%
make it half naked we're we're getting
in a bat weird that's why I was like if
I knew you'd be the perfect candidate
because it's like it's a tradition now
right we're getting a bath and we do so
we this was going to be with gel oh my
is it skinny
yet is sandy the skin like scandalous yo
you're such a millennial bro you guys
say scandi am i just out of the loop oh
I'm getting older I'm a dad come on yo
by the way guys I forgot to mention this
earlier mark out like a little care
package of snack but these are like the
best Mac you've never heard of Lay's
Spanish tomato tango ok milkita
strawberry shake candy yeah why are you
questioning me in my house boom crunchy
crunch chocolate I feel like that's you
Tila you're like crunky crunch chocolate
but light-skinned here magic choco lush
actually this is definitely you your
pure magic choco luck
but what Wow oh that was the next one on
the door
white chocolate confectionary Wow and
then this one I think takes the cake for
me fried eggs in gummy form yeah yeah no
man I didn't make the box I'm just a
logger dude hashtag log alex is what you
are gonna try it yes please please
please by the way guys I am picking
these up I'm not gonna leave him here
there we go you happy ah they smell real
do this smell like fried eggs here oh my
god oh my god eat it please I can't cuz
you know I'm on that blog like healthy
life where you go ahead hey my name is
from my vlog you know no you can put the
whole thing in your mouth just do it do
it do it do it
yeah okay so it out no I just got none
of this yeah I'm Jeff man no way don't
don't finish it ah he loves you call me
Rudy said you're wasting some their kids
and Africa dying and you are wasting
food eat it it smells so bad guys I
don't wanna be here when that's in her
mouth Oh God
karma did no no no no it focus you just
come on no no is he out no he's not
no he's not come on No pila literally
you have so much space to clear before
you even get close
alright now just come take off take a
peek at him yeah what what I got here
you told no you don't hear Oh
Logan Joe what okay he's in the room I
don't have him let me please stop being
a little girl how old are you
here's why you're 20 yeah why do you
look 12 see look come on oh no I feel
like a my duty yellow she's like it's
good anyway
yo you're literally so far away from him
the cage is shut in maverick is in it
hello that I clearly guys is not working
oh he already almost made a lap for you
oh my god I changed shirts guys I'm
Michael I wasn't digging that rule that
like off-white down boy down I'm getting
my water off the Johnson phone I can see
the sea free good birdie yeah that's my
boy attacking my guest
cool is your phone okay my phone is okay
you're kind of a little baby back bitch
like it's just a bird like you can
handle it no you're like a 20 year 12
year old 20 year old type thing I'm not
really sure yet but what's up you just
scared of bird my scary bird he's not
just a bird he's maverick the parrot
like he's famous on Instagram he's got
like $210,000 had never parrot I know
he's a savage verdict like he just eat
me he's a savage bird any probably could
eat you okay so what are we doing for
your channel explain real quick yoga
challenge and you can see flexible cells
she's lame I'm flexible broke what is
that that's my foot I mean yoga
challenge yep I'm a guy okay I got no
dick fact just kidding I think oh yeah
I'm good I'm sure okay guys here's this
thing I forgot to feel like the BTS of
her video of the yoga challenge lionfish
message get stuck so here go ahead and
put this down and we're gonna do our own
yoga challenge right now
oh good you good from scary
I think about step numero uno we gotta
fill up the tub also I just want to
point out the Tila is already in her
bathing suit you're looking sexy yeah we
understand you're here and I'm here and
we're both here
hi Mia yo what's up Taylor it's like a
cobweb it looks like a spider web these
Isis you - this is my cousin DG live
cantatas are not they're not Dena PG PG
69 Wow yeah while the tub fills up imma
change in my bathing suit you know I got
the American flag had I think I'm also
going to go with the American flag swing
dude what do you think maverick you like
it I cook what I'm doing I has no ever
got there yeah what are you doing by
doing that after waiting it is outfit
probably lady
I'm so proud of you record ah yo we look
good I'm gonna no I guess not good right
yeah we got Nikki night for candy the
tub is fold up and by fold up I mean
filled up how is it has a water it's
nice right yeah that's a great question
good this is going kind of romantic like
rescue the pipe is my few days what's
our relationship in T Logan here's our
supplies we have the gel we have to fly
and then whatever
and I don't really know we have the
right amount of water I don't know if we
have the right amount of material back
it was good probably not if you guys try
all right here we go
Oh what are you doing army no no this is
chemical solvent what was happening Oh
gel it up there stop don't be Holly the
water's great what you get is another
great question
okay we're rolling now we're folks I
barely got up get up that's what I do
here at Logan Pablo okay let me walk you
through who I'm peein literally to not
like this is me like nothing and I am
stuck I'm fully fledged stop guy this
effort it was chilled yeah kill all my
games and our time what just happened
I got set up this is pure like pure gel
right now this it's this war this is so
weird
hmm oh this is good oh yo this is bad
more that's how we got to plan our
escape can you grab that towel to that
possible is it possible for you to grab
it how hard is that to get out right now
that's top right my hand glue stuck in
here so much get it just reach just
reach for the towel just reach for the
top of the mill I don't know what
happened but this is amazing shot Wow oh
my god like doing look at this oh my god
how is it possible
a queen even have to like do it we
didn't only have to like journaling this
observer yeah he brought this big wait a
second
this whole Thomas is filled this one how
we get rid of it dude this humid rate on
heroin oh yeah at least we got this
GoPro it goes with your underwater
now whether that guy is the disgusting
Tsar the cool guys
oh my gosh mark is gonna be so mad at me
just trash it bathroom guy is this is
super intense man I've never seen a case
like this oh my god it's in your ratchet
a spiderweb baby
it's inside okay you're gonna get up
look at oh gosh isn't so bad this is so
bad I know I'm sorry okay so listen we
don't really know how to clean this up
I'm just going to kind of set it here
and see what happens okay
yeah I don't know we'll figure it out
and I'll see you guys in a little bit
bad I'm so sorry mark sweetheart you're
leaving I'm counting on bro but is it
fun vlog good ties in the slime bath
never this grumpy again I'm just keeping
this up here for you but yo you're
you're cool yeah I like you Oh boom and
okay low gang that is it for the bra
thank you guys for watching that was a
fun day I like that day next time Tila
and I make a video together I'm going to
try to not have it to do with the
bathtub although it does get a little
spicy every time if for whatever reason
you know what happens you are new to
this channel make sure to subscribe join
the low gang let me really win join our
family with savage guys and also I want
to give a special shout out to the
people who like like all my videos I
love it guys thank you so much like I
don't even have to ask and you guys do
it anyways and we're pushing like fifty
to a hundred thousand likes of each
video that's a lot bro like people beg
for two hundred thousand like some
videos anyways I just am saying thank
you again thank you for watching I will
see you tomorrow as usual take it easy
pimp for you wait that's not the hair
thing ah here we go
exhibition
