good morning little gang what box so
it's Sunday I use this Sunday to sleep
it a little bit I feel good I feel well
rested my hair is on point okay
maybe not so much but as usual well uh
oh I got some fun things planned for
today first let's go say hi to my boy
maverick
hey what I'll do to him you got like a
little beard today you look ridiculous
fabric are you aware you don't walk you
scurry you need help you need help
maverick I can help you get it off get
it matter
get it get it get it did you get it
Thatta boy yeah that was a little
embarrassing alright I'm a goat a
maverick I'll see you later buddy what
good morning Georgie what's poppin I did
it storing your leg big room hey this is
weird next time get off are you taking
this too far you always take it too far
you just turn off the camera I'm gonna
go back how are you Trisha
I'll get them good over here next to you
enjoy this is the thing what you got a
hot cousin ruff ok let's talk about this
fellas like you ye call you your cousin
you Jill you forgot to speak on Sundays
let me clarify not my cousin Middle
Easterners have this thing where did you
grow up with each other and your best
friends you go all she's like my family
I made that mistake with Logan so now he
keeps calling her my cousin and then so
while I say she's beautiful on my vlogs
I know I answer that I don't you watch
along because you chose Kenneth wish
he's either all you gotta do something
look they're writing a message in the
sky I got a question why they're writing
it like sideways we got to read it
upside happy this is they're making this
hard for me ruff happy seventh birthday
is all God what's the name what is it
Yura be my B hey
yeah bro so unless Aiza is either a not
in his building and be hanging upside
down like she's able to see this
Aiza if you watch my vlogs happy
birthday I feel like canning is a bad
idea I'm just a pale white boy in one
hour I'm hoping my skin is still on my
body and I'm not a lobster what are you
doing
Georgie some bro I got it myself thanks
for I'm Ally Logan oh you're my friend
my ten caramel-colored no still pale
sick and my mi red yeah yeah cuz here's
my thing I am so white I need to become
Lobster for like three days and then
after that bro straight ten rushed a
sexy browser maybe that's just in my
mind yeah probably is look at my hair
it's time to get the day poppin poppin
yo what's up Logan what's poppin so
let's get our it off hey yo so we're at
a restaurant we are about to eat
look who decided next to me what do you
think of that George the thing it is the
thing it's been a sec what are you doing
tonight it's your last day right well
what are you doing tonight I don't know
well that's funny I got two tickets to
that thing you like pop went what are
one thing she likes well she loves magic
shows no flowers we're going to a flower
show bro really thing you got a chance
stan has a chance so you're telling me
there's a chance right was it we got
Brendan y'all bridges with us today this
is convenient Brendan is actually going
to help us cute today
okay I'm going to do something here pay
attention you you look like Enrique
Iglesias yep okay you Kimo you look like
Chris Pine yep okay there it is and you
why do you look like my future way oh go
back at the crib oh here's the stuff for
the day we add you guys no lo gangsters
typically stand across the street at
that parking garage today I think
there's only one he's chillin there and
there's some down there hey
and you know what we're doing today I do
know we're doing okay well i'ma say
instead of you blood on this railing oh
oh by the way to prank yesterday which
was frickin flawless I think we scared
off fans row like that was the plan
they're like oh my god he's gonna do
crazy stuff I don't want to go over
there anyways we are gonna send fans
gift me always I'm oh God
we're gonna make a zipline going from my
balcony to the parking garage and we are
going to send fans gifts using these
hangers yeah step numero uno Timo and
Brendan are going to go across the
street to that parking garage we're
going to sling the line from this
fishing rod attached to the drone and
fly it back here essentially creating
the zipline right it's not you're gonna
have to catch the drones guy here on
your balcony it's done and then you're
gonna have to let it go back tie it let
it go back
easy bro this is engineering bro goodbye
boy best of luck got me I feel very good
about this like it's not illegal which
is rare for me I get to give the low
gang some gift and it's just fun who's
like look at the weather
Hollywood pop it today man like this is
off the bags are good if you were a
member of the Logan across the street
receiving gifts which gift would you
want to receive the most what do you got
what you got these must be save oh my
god okay so what's the second option got
all these gifts here which one would you
want sharp you probably know that's
actually gum keeping that this is cool
probably calculator because note the
most important thing about life is
educationist right stay in school that's
why I got it and wrap it there's my boy
there's my boys launching that drone
that gap boy why are you standing like
that so funny get his butt out in there
guys I'm not even kidding I looked away
for two seconds and I look back in this
happens where did all these people come
alive to do those shoes right we're
coming from the deaths of listen where
where oh where are they coming from my
hair and I bro hey yelling who's that
girl bro Oh
she was one of fans crowd rebuttal we're
done now I will close I need to stop
talking about girls the physics right
now so sorry what's your name quick scan
data that's my name too
okay I'm a point that worth the drones
I think we're ready to go to market I
collectively decided never to dock oh
god I'm nervous
Oh classic I mean it's a bunch of little
kids I think it's funny
whoa do a calculator thing for my kids
I'm gonna find this if you you want that
why would that would flying hot
calculate heavy bro yeah we found the
condom but those to the calculator wrote
about some below news to do the car yes
it's the car that we talked about
earlier and we think this one's going to
drop yeah get it get it get it
math sucks let's get on the find this
pair and vodka we watch repairman or
socks cuz they're lit link is in
description to send these bad boys off
logging that's all we got for you guys
today
we love you stay Savage oh snap that was
a success bro yes it's been three one
hundred one hundred and twelve percent
oh wait what are you doing what are you
doing what are you doing what are you
doing
nah who else do it do it do it oh no
stop stop stop do it though I support
you just don't do it towards me bro come
on bro do it if you don't do I'm gonna
do it no no no go go go
doing a slot you don't know how to swing
it's fun
this joke is taking too long I will
continue my side off that was dope bro
that was good you happy bro yo hey yo
thank you guys for watching if you do
not know my name is Nagendra and this is
my youtube channel logan paul vlogs
joined the low gang if you were not a
part of it make sure to subscribe hit
that subscribe button world we do lip
stuff like this by the way George is so
uncool I thank you guys for watching
Brendan my man you killed it thank you
for your help today Timo thank you for
your help today one last thing on this
video let's get ready for this number
from ready 111111 like hey hit that like
button
I will see you tomorrow take these exams
shake-a shake-a shake-a
if you pick and roll
that was a nice a stroll
