right all right she's this amazing seat
Logan good morning what what so what's
up guys ah
how are you first off good good to hear
so as you guys know today we're shooting
with my main man my guy Dwayne the rock
daughter shit
Oh God who the flood George
Jenko what do you want yeah trying to
pick out my style my hair that's how
much I'm gonna brush that's my boy I I
threw in a bit so that's the second
thing George and I and Trisha are going
to breakfast I'm taking the day off
today my muscles need a bit of a
recovery well yeah the video is for
Dwayne's gym the last video that I made
on my channel got 48 million views on
Facebook and the one we made for his
channel on YouTube got like I think
close to three a KA Dwayne and I are
freakin killing it man where's my boy
huh oh did you take a bath this morning
yeah I know I can see you look beautiful
oh you heard yeah shooting with Dwayne
today yeah it's no big deal don't worry
about it what would you just say yo
that's my guy you're talking about hey
watch your mouth little bird okay you
stay here stay stay stay good bird
okay I've hidden my camera in a bush see
here's the bush and when George walks
out see if I can scare
good morning good morning final are you
tisha how are you okay I get it
I'm good I'm good good good there you go
guys
Hey ladies first bro don't be selfish in
there you go I will see you later
hey we got a table for true oh yeah oh
yeah I forgot now learning everything
for me bro hi oh you know what I just
realized because George told me off the
vlog today say Patrick they bro let me
say the joke damn it what joke I'm gonna
see how many for that cake - oh you know
what I just realized - did you take
three
oh you know what I just realized that
George told me off the vlog Shukla midea
gone one hill ok know that today is st.
Patrick's Day yeah where's your green oh
because she wasn't wearing green where's
your dreams
I have wearing green ah yo why does it
actually look like a dream Bloody Mary
is a Bloody Mary real one pill I can
feel it I can hear it
hey what did you do to that water but I
did three years ago I became messin with
a guy named Logan Paul hi if I didn't
vlog it did I really eat it look what we
got here folks huh my god that's
delicious man
it was delicious confirmed our my boy
asked because she was a rock so see you
guys later
how do you fight over a what let me go
anywhere there's a rocker here that's a
plant hey being dyslexic make any sense
bye guys bye Tricia I hate to see it go
but I love to watch you leave hahaha
after about an hour drive we arrived on
set I'm upset of his show ballers this
has got to be doing starters I mean what
what is happening this looks bulletproof
actually don't know but it's pretty sick
honestly though Dwayne I don't think
needs a bulletproof car because the man
is bulletproof itself hahaha okay I
don't know how loud I'm allowed to be
here probably like zero loud and I don't
think I'm a lot of film inside either
but I'm gonna do what I can Logan you
guys like also reminder we are on the
set of ballers aka there's only ballers
cars here like these better
oh no smudge this your vehicle new bro
yo are you rather be the exactly singing
yep cool I like that yeah dope car bro
so this is where they are building the
sets for the show and who knows what
else is done in this room for example
what is this we have a camo minivan okay
cool got the blacked-out rims the
blacked-out windows damn if you are a
mom you're driving this car freakin
props dude and who knows what kind of
baller vehicles are under these like my
gosh oh this is yours
yo fucking pot dude one a little more
low-key and just get me from point A to
point B yeah because right because
mainly you can't see because it's camo
I'm in your mind spend do you know what
the most exciting thing about this
shoots going to be what it's the space
that I have to shoot with wayne ford
wayne and I get this little corner to
shoot our scene in wow are you kidding
me bro can we get a little more space
come on bro get out of here there's a
whole warehouse and we're sitting right
here we are probably two of the biggest
guys here and they're giving us 25
square feet
haha I'm trying to find a makeup artist
right now cuz my face is a little shiny
but not no big deal bro I'll rock a
shiny face I don't come we're just
waiting for DJ where are you
people are staring at me
he's the wall instructor here getting
warmed up he's understanding the people
were not need to be taking ready
Bronstein
notice the boxes they're on because
Dwayne and I are giants creek up again
why are you putting us in the corner
profile we're running a little behind
someone I got to tell DJ got a hard-on
five minutes don't just tell them bro
cuz I'm Boston in five you got don't
tell us DS you got a heart outside oh
yeah you go fuck up
yeah yeah if you're a Beckett and I
think you serious
so Logan it's fine do you like what are
you doing what are you tell us are you
actually treated for just it's a lot
harder
dude just a lot harder look bro how are
you brother
yeah yeah yeah yeah Rose it's a million
cases crazy yeah you know a game called
Oh No yeah see about getting shipped
right out so we can figure those on it
when I say just be clear what I feel how
we wanted to go back to Johnny right
kidding yeah I will the top row like
that and how are you good to see man to
memento special water attack services
it's going to say on it's a big bottle
water says DJ and right below it
that was he that was fire as usual now I
know we're not allowed to we're going to
try to sneak on the set of Ballmer told
you guys I'm do what I can and this
arrow tells me that ballers is this way
so are you doing both yo you need to
leave that plant alone this is actually
dull so this is the set visit beside the
dispenser see disease that people say
and bridging yeah Reggie Joe we already
drink up
Wow okay this is one of the sets let's
see in office this is butter bro can you
hold this for a sec do something
important great I love coffee
specifically Oh Mike oh did I get you
yeah cause hair bun loves it if it's a
great thing about Hollywood you can be
anywhere in the world this for example
some sort of garden where the dam I
found out left for kitchens wrong wine
add on stress Oh get out of here Wow can
I squeeze through there
so solo mother okay this is what they
call video village which means they are
shooting in this set and what do we got
an office here Oh candy
I think handy can't eat that am i dying
yeah are you here you will reverb
background actors yes no I am yet no I
am I am
yes oh yeah here Tommy got coming oh
okay alright sit down here we're going
to have them typing on computer okay
your coworker for 4-digit okay I know it
works out sighs cool thanks
what all right all right she's just
amazing scene Logan Logan Logan not here
my character's name is Jared welcome to
cave is it anyway it is me Dwayne I'm it
is you I know it you I know
oh it looks like you I know exactly what
you're looking it's everything we got
here walk I'm sad have some fun you
walked on this but you can't walk on
this set you just can't walk on fly here
how are you well no they're pretty high
yes is that but these are hard working
they're part of our crew you can't just
okay we talked about was my mistake I'm
uh okay you're right reverse the process
it's a process right your process we're
talking work through it all right
laughing yeah I'm gonna leave it but I
you know I always got you back I know
you okay I got you a little something
what do you got well a protein shake on
the go and you never know when you're
gonna need some protein my man okay cool
I'm about I'm get out of your hair
oh you see you see it's always why
everything was going great the protein
shake happy in the United then hair that
I wrote it I don't have here you have a
lot of hair right was it a little
funnier it's just well it was a little
funny to Blancas for me this blog post
Shosh you think is funny funny Larry
yeah okay I like it
oh yeah they all like this a lot of
pretty girls guys this thing I get why
you want to come out so this is why I
came to behind you know look at all this
is crazy I'm wait wait wait no yeah but
I gotta go good luck keep killing it bro
I've said it before I'll say it again I
always love working with the big guy I
do admit I have to chill with the hair
jokes did ya I saw this picture someone
posted this picture right here and it
just I don't know bro combination of me
and Dewayne and hairs what's happening
magic ok back to Hollywood where's my
car it's here I'm just messing with you
let's go oh well we're back to your
folks we're at home it's late it's
Friday night I think I'm gonna chill out
tonight recently I've lost my desire to
go out and party like every other young
kid in Hollywood I'm changing bro what's
happening I'm a charming
oh she's me I don't know what I like it
and on that note that is the de l'eau
guy thank you guys for watching I have
some fun stuff planned this weekend so
stay tuned and if you are not a part of
the channel make sure to subscribe to in
the family join the low gang because
it's done and as usual I will see you
guys tomorrow take offense
if you bitch dude it's okay
what are you doing haha
