now these are your course right you're
just watch them yeah what watching watch
my word we doing that for groom we do yo
yo yo yo that's my dog Daniel hey good
morning Oh gang weird so I just got done
in the gym this one sweaty I have never
felt this birth outmuscle wise in my
whole life literally like the gym is
over there right around the corner here
and I live like right here obviously ya
live here maybe 600 feet maybe and I
took it over to get back home from the
gym the drivers like yo what are you
doing bro if you're right down the
street I go man I can't walk just drive
he's like wait what I said just drive
like yo it's right around the corner but
I can't walk I'm so sorry then I get
dropped off in front of my house in
front of the grocery store to get some
waters which are right there and I
forgot it's spring break the kids the
teens are running around to muck on
Hollywood so I end up taking pictures in
front of the grocery store for like 10
minutes and I'm telling you guys into
the low gangsters I'm like guys I'm so
sorry I wish I have more energy trying
to like put my arm around people like
this like big big and then I got some
gifts to go one girl made me this if you
look closely it says low gang for a lie
low gang for like a but this just makes
me wonder like how many of you guys make
stuff like this for me and then I never
actually get to wear it or use it but
then this bracelet would have gone to
use right real quick anyway it's gonna
be a good day which lay in life today we
conquer in the world and we doing magic
tricks right magic okay let's go sad an
average
hi what would you do
don't you said to me okay I'm your
friend I'm your buddy I don't know yeah
I guess I could get him to show you some
tricks yeah I love magic too
I used to do tricks knowledge and watch
that make you disappear magic boom job
was cleaned up ready to go now knowing I
have a magician coming I was like yo I
just practiced some magic myself so
let's start with this mess that I made
two days ago and haven't cleaned up yet
she mark my roommate left for the week
so I can't rely on him to clean it up
but Logan it's your mess why don't you
just clean a shit up your logic pisses
me off
what magic is much more fun okay so
let's see what we can do here nothing
okay okay that did not work let's try
this here we go oh fuck maybe I'm not
meant to be a magician maybe I'm just
meant to be an extra vine star in shots
but I'm gonna give this another go here
we go oh wait Logan Daniel what I doing
here
Daniel it works this is Daniel he is are
magicians going on our real magician bro
so I did my research sort of actually
just told me this but you were on Ellen
last week oh yeah yeah
you're like a profession I'm like
professional mannequin making them no
not really
but yeah okay Daniel yeah is important
to say this is not like pre-plan we
didn't we talked about meeting I thought
I know he's doing magic I don't know
what's happened okay okay okay
yeah well well it's kind of cool all
these cards as you can see they're all
absolutely different can you confirm
that Kendall lo game please confirm that
Logan can we okay good yeah come play
don't try to do okay without showing
them I actually want you to just simply
take a look at one car okay this simply
has it open through you can actually
show take a look at one part okay
and walk with your head what are you
right-handed or left-handed I'm
right-handed a right hand just like this
this words are all beautiful every day
at 1 2 3
I don't lie ok take a wild guess number
see their card is a red card am i right
yeah okay I'm also going to take a wild
guess number see that your card to high
card that leads about 7 am i right
hi I'm right do not like me no no I'm
also just gonna take a wild guess and
now I might be wrong in this one it's a
daily practice picture card like a jack
when you're King I'm wrong on this one
you're wrong I'm not wrong with this one
but I'm gonna thinking one step further
and I'm gonna see that your card is
either diamond or I'm wrong again you're
wrong again all right all right all
right okay
you know I spooned out the deck from the
fifth compartment I don't still have
this envelope right here in this
envelope there's something I wrote you a
note okay I really don't know yeah take
a look truly truly what does it say
yo don't what does it say you could have
picked any card what is it what does it
say oh you're thinking of the ten of our
savagery game is that it or what is that
it yeah Oh Oh take it one step further
we can go ahead and farmers daddy stop
Aquagirl
thank you sir broken books - Masuka aha
because women because
I'll get a little it is crucial for the
decisive L position case not like this
is this is this is like this is it's not
going okay lyric arts as we said before
are absolutely different yeah they're
all different now what we're going to do
is the following this is going to get a
little interesting now I want you to go
ahead and give them I give them a
shuffle I'm not going to not explode and
give him a shuffle tip give them a
shuffle whenever you thank you good it
is really matter how much a shuffle it
doesn't care about a little bit
beautiful and I want you to go ahead
take one up take one out any small one
put it facedown you must be uh I must be
on guitar with the floor camera I got it
okay you didn't see it join benefit no
no I don't see organ this day I did
these already try to do I want you to go
ahead and simply sign your name really
really big across the back of the card
no one is significance are crucial
beautiful beautiful now look at I don't
want to touch the deck square the deck
up if you would in mind and I want you
to go ahead and cut the deck once just
give the deck one cut beautiful put in
the card right here go ahead grab the
cards around the cards and put them on
top beautiful Logan so you can complete
this a step further
go ahead give it another cut yeah
fantastic I do don't know that what I
want you to do is I want you to go ahead
and spread out all the cards face up so
that now now we're we're both both of us
are you know true we don't know what the
cards are and I want you to make sure
every every tart kind of has like its
own place so you know just you know
spread them out a little bit through the
table thing Daniel now that works okay
that works that works I want you to
clean my floor because the way I'll get
on it I just want you to go ahead and
simply put your hand on a pilot card go
for it beautiful grab that pile just
yeah yeah yeah yeah throw it throw it to
the ground okay get out of here
so good later put your hand on another
pile just go beautiful so I want you to
go ahead look usually were to try to do
you think you've read of all media okay
give it makes them mix them up mix them
up me come on here we go here we go
mixing them ah mix and mash here we go
are you gonna do go watch it we're gonna
do a truly read my breast rate with no
one
the card is truly right home and watch
Justin trait concentrate a little very
whenever whenever you want whenever you
want to go ahead and say stop okay
wherever you want
stop right there yeah let go let go
little with really cool it's going on
bro you can actually see all the cards
are right here they're all here right
all the cards you know our blank on the
back and stuff we stop you stop at one
card right you stopped at one car
doesn't take a look at take a look at it
long and pig alert Daniel how you doing
oh I've ever seen I think you coming
with some food ha ha okay let me guess
you want to go one step further I wanted
to take it a step further what does it
take it a step further because look I
initially asked you to think of a card
right and I wrote an envelope for you
that's right yes right yes but then you
you we go ahead and we made a prediction
in your hand and then you could have
literally touched any of these cards
they're all absolutely Vidya right yeah
we touched one card which time to back
up right on the back up Oh what was the
card where is it I'll a king of
something I threw it at the camera in my
rage do it at the camera I've got a cute
affordable seaside one part Logan I
actually made another tradition in
another zone not only can you look okay
is it any different no I did it okay
would I have your iPod maybe it's porn
stuff Oh take a look at the elbow love
you one we're all and you wrote a note
in Cologne take a look open it up open
it up open it up look I'll help you I
would see ya oh and I got one hand of
the vlog and the form pans
card go ahead what does it say what does
it say for its time - what does it say
oh this is a Logan you're thinking of
the King of Diamonds
yeah Logan Logan we're gonna take it one
step further man you know I can't thank
you guys
yeah it's possible the apologies
possible Oh Logan I'm love I'm calling
911 on your alien eggs oh yeah I'm gonna
swallow man I don't want to get deported
come on George come on doing alien in my
apartment I like your presence
immediately thank you hi what else you
got to show me if you got about 10
minutes truly I want you to go back in
your lines know what you think of the
someone that you care about like it like
the name of your first kid or something
like that I got it you got it done now
honesty real talk uh you've never said
this matter of you know one knows no one
knows the name of the first kids my best
friends here don't know no one knows
truly not how old were you what would
you hold on seventh grade of 12 seventh
grade you were 12 and that was your
first major was that your perspective
just built a kinetic effect Wow a late
bloomer see you whoa smash when he's in
preschool well I am grown it's more than
two letters I take it yeah some more see
look okay I want you to concentrate on
the amount of letters that this name ha
Joel don't say it out loud just just
concentrate got it you got done easy
reading this like this thing here like
this we have a guest
I'm gonna take a walk we have a guest we
do have a judge in my house what's up
yet what's that dude there it goes oh my
are they gone it's gonna drop yeah yeah
cousin alien you do magic tricks bro or
in the middle of one right not like this
what you go ahead and think this thing
to think of the name of the hole think
of the name of the hole got it okay
watch this they're already try to feel
correct me from wrong Inc there's an M
in there I'm not mistaken right
I mean yeah so uh okay I mean right let
the cops go into six minutes bro focus
focus focus focus on me focus on me
focus on your name where you get it do
you remember it with it at school no no
no we're what it's like a relaxing
school party okay you were 12 former
master school party at your fortress you
have it gadget save the Rings I just
felt with your writing I feel like it's
right now I must cry bro what is what is
her name what is your name
c'est tout LA Jamie go shut up all take
a look at your head Kollek your head did
you do it I mean that says Jane Jasmine
you're right does it count it would take
get cells are full of shit like you
would go how you want to know how it's
not foolish before you walked over and
off the ball he made me run into the
beat the paper her name and I was
thinking of you Jamie oh wow
so it's Jay a and my that's what's your
prettier y'all ready to see one right
now Jonna come to my house Johanna come
to my house right now
Johannes is coming he's got muscles you
better not freak him out he'll beat you
beat you out before you show Georgia
magic trick honest take you know you
know you mumbling time look at our pants
bro say Fred bro and look what's in our
pants oh no this is unplug you have my
boy probably want to get more it's been
valuable what right easy whoa just watch
them yeah what
watching wash my words we do it that for
gross we do with the yo-yo go scope
that's my sport Daniel
for what let's review come on let's prep
forward what do I start rubbing rubbing
the fourth grade here you actually see
how it starts to go rub mine rub mine
rub mine right here right here
watch slow and softly softly you can
actually feel watch your one towards how
are you doing that towards the sort how
are you doing that this doesn't make any
sense grow 3/4 buzzing portunity that's
honestly that's something Georgia may
you've been forced before what were you
feeling what did it feel like nothing's
got it he's a demon bro he'll make he'll
make you weak bro
he'll take your muscles away watch
George's bending force actually take it
one step further
you don't say actually see how to time
there's no more we did before flash boom
here yo yo yo yo I couldn't do this if I
wanted easy nothing much going on he's
bending fourth brother doing magic trick
I'm just trying to eat some food right
now but I'll go over here and watch a
reaction will you go ahead
just right there is it once it's you
let's put your card right here good I'll
see this one this is going to lead to
bad things
oh yeah I told you I told you okay I'm
chasing them with the scissors I have it
on video
I have it on video chasing my friends
with decision I'm gonna show it to the
cops you're done you're done
you and your YouTube channel doesn't
care about going to jail but if you type
this up okay what do you got we gonna do
you got goose bumps
I was at the gym I come over here and
row it only gets crazier it doesn't make
any sense
move okay Daniel after a weird day uh yo
that's right yeah George is messed up
the modern-day David Blaine go ahead to
you forget I listened I was joking about
the cops the cops aren't coming but you
do got to get the fuck you're freaking
me out bro all right
cameras ready three two one okay much
better so guys what the I don't know I
don't know he's like yo you wanna do
magic I was like I mean yeah I guess it
do your magic when I first came in in
the beginning of vlog I came in and I
was kind of like just acting with oh
like that girl I thought before I got
here you told him I broke James he
guessed it Jame which by the way this
means I love you in French is Yin or
just I love the gym did you attend means
I love you is it kind of weird the fact
that yeah they've got a mere jerk
Johannes has been holding this card for
that timid Guinea another card bro it
was nothing it was Jordan he has like
this oh yeah I don't know how how could
I have eaten with it I try to do that
that didn't work out I just thought of
it so with that weird magician mind
trick thing we're all a little freaked
out I'm going to end the vlog for the
day low gang I love you uh I don't know
if there's really anything else to say
rods are stunned right now I will see
you guys tomorrow
if you big magic
