Yolo gang what's poppin mom where you
going hi good morning so today is the
day we've been hyping it up for weeks I
am racing in my car my brother oh yeah
bro why was I in there that's a great
question I got you
you're my little brother I always loved
you so we got my purple car my sexy my
beauty watch this
oh man that's much cooler in real life
and then we got Jake's car kind of like
not so sexy but check out what's in the
back
Oh yo a register really hot huh what'd
you say about my car
nothing numero uno on the agenda is
going to get some food we got Spencer in
the passenger seat we got mom in the
back for you I'm looking at my car here
I got some problems one little change
required okay that's not good low tire
pressure and posted 32 okay that's not
good I'm gonna disadvantage ya like bro
if I lose you know I'm blaming a low
tire and on them I think the low tire
pressure high basically means is going
to be more brittle essentially okay okay
I guess this is a big race tomorrow who
do you thinks gonna win stop asking me
why you have to are you moaning like
that like you're just grunting you got
like me when I'm working out yeah dude
why would you do it come on I'm not
saying just say why I know you think
it's gonna be me I know you do your
little giggle Jake if you're watching my
vlog I don't know if you heard that but
mom loves me more dude you know what I
noticed about Jake's car if you guys did
not notice its farts
your party bro I'm gonna park right next
to dig we're taking that on yet I must
thank you you're gonna have to go out
the passenger side bah bah bah so we got
the squad at the table we just ordered
breakfast and I got number 24 aka Jeff
Gordon is now for the best race car
driver in history I don't back true and
also I got number eight
Dale Earnhardt jr. oh wait wait a second
I think I've met Dale Earnhardt jr. with
him right here oh that's really cool but
have you driven with Ken Block before no
but I have drawn with a little travis
pastrana video of that yeah what a
champion eat that what a champion eat
that you should both if anything mine's
more unhealthy which is going to give me
gas
and then when I far we're gonna provide
the side and this gives my didn't finish
high school you saw right there folks
however he does know Matt sort of can
you give the zero to sixty times from
these cars zero to sixty times guys
they're basically identical really okay
so moles around like 4.2 seconds so dude
it comes down to the driver bro yeah oh
you know what I did not mention as well
that's probably going to explain the
money though yeah we're betting $5,000
in this race for a total of $10,000 you
have $5,000 yeah tonight $5,000
jakie brother Jake where are we right
now where ask you rat why were you
started by cars because they were
getting in them in the zone oh so I get
to race in that car right oh my goodness
look at this vehicle yo tell me about
this car I work a lot say no more say no
more how much wait hold on my life is
worth I feel like a decent amount of
money
I did fine I did well I'm fine so what
boy without a half-million 2.6 2.6 I
can't do it ma I'm thinking after seeing
this car Christmas I'm going to get you
probably like a brace or something
you have a place for us the race I got a
private secret spot for us close believe
me a legal level is higher know very
very well yeah it's a ritual I'm gonna
beat you though yeah well good luck yeah
I'll get in bed right yeah yo question
for you you experts whose cardigan like
engine I'm scared we can have one that's
right I mean if it's a faster car baby
y'all my family right here one thing
right here how did I get here
okay little game we are here at the
track so you guys definitely cannot see
this but we are racing all the way down
there it's like a quarter-mile ish
my guess is jake is going to start off
with a little bit of a lead and then me
and the savage machine are going to pull
the head for that w son back funny
because these signs say dead end but the
only dead thing here is going to be him
yeah talk about you Paul
you're gonna be dead you won't be into
dust boy so obviously we want every
single angle covered so as people are
setting up the cameras I think now is a
good time to let you guys know the last
night I try to get an advantage of a
shake because if you ain't cheating you
ain't trying and it did not go down well
it's like 2:00 a.m. and I'm gonna keep
I'm kind of done you and everybody so
please hit it like hard and this is that
right just a little bit funny yo what
are you doing oh I think you think this
is good yeah that's perfect it's a good
one right yeah that one
okay down boy down hey come on now it's
all fun and games
alright he's going to win new Rosita's
free to resume hey that's my boy time to
put those a lot of my money into escrow
ha ha ha that's a big word for you if
we're gonna put the money in your hat
like it true like a true true race yeah
yeah you guys ready for this yo you got
a lot of money in this hat my boy and I
got into the fat you got to put it on
Oh yo may the best brother win it's
really just the best the best racer and
I will go best brother I mean he's gonna
lose so cool
three two one so we're ready okay wrong
way go that way that's not again
I want to rematch or something dude I
was on gravel like that doesn't count
though I slipped that's not fair I'm
hello again hey Jake
bo I'm I'm in a hell dude this gravel
here dude I'm flipping some excuse them
to say that's what it is dude I just was
not even with clubs I could say that was
in over her head
sorry big allergic suckers Logan I just
want to say damn it I wasn't even close
that's it that's okay that's what hurt
like I wasn't even close I feel bad just
taking your money I appreciate it
so ed this plans my proposal I had it
all planned my proposal to you give me
half of the money
$22,500 good magic donate that to
charity okay and you have to put this on
your car for a month so just to clarify
I don't lose any money and we jointly
donate two thousand five hundred dollars
of charity if I put this on my car for a
month
exactly I'll do it for the charitable
cause how did you explain the emotions
right now
you know after some time and settled
with what's going on right now losing
sucks it sucks to be a loser I'm not
used to losing the low gang isn't used
to losing but today like again I don't
know what happened I was a little
nervous that somebody was going to wipe
out or crash at the end or hit me upon
takeoff and I'm just really happy that
none of that happened you know I came in
better driver cool car better everything
better better and I want so what's nice
a trip to the dealership yeah I need a
new color
well normally it's I love them both the
same all the time but today I did today
Jake right here yeah that's cool okay so
here's here's 2500 you keep this
I'll keep 2500 yeah and then we're
jointly we jointly donating donating
$2,500 to charity yeah so this is yours
this is charity Wow
so that's just amazing we feel good yeah
food I was gonna hug you
oh yeah wait yo comment which charity we
should donate to because like I don't
know many cures I have one in mind I
would like to donate to you have any or
maybe we will excuse you guys comment
what charity and everyone thumbs up
which ones you think we should donate
which one which one bet you think we
should look at donate it to I do two
minutes so comment and give a thumbs up
which charity in the comments you think
we should donate the money to where it
just says no yeah we use one of them you
know what I think it's a time to
celebrate
sometimes life isn't about winning or
losing but today it is and I lost like a
loser who loses my mom may not love me
anymore but that's okay because I don't
love her anymore either just kidding
that's just as well guys I love mo gang
brutal life okay enough with voiceover
ah
