oh yeah way what hey yo good morning
okay what are guys who as you know today
we are pranking my brother Jake I'm
sorry I am bitterly trying to get those
vibes going got my oatmeal right here
there is wait I have a question actually
what is oatmeal think about it like when
I was a kid I was like hey oh dude and
now I eat it every day what happened man
Hollywood changed breaking up
how they were on good morning good
morning how are you okay cool so yeah
today is going to be a big day and what
the heck is going out yeah I love that
when did you guys get here oh hi mark
oh hi Martha oh nice socks
bro oh my god all you are ready sir oh
you don't say more yeah bro we're all
wearing the socks where you stand
wait a second oh my god y'all so the
prank today these guys brought over
1,000 pairs of socks which we are
bringing to my brother's house
Billie is full filling his pool with the
Sun nope not going to do that we are
going to take everything out of this
closet and replace it with some haha
remember any thought you don't print
them go my car no I hate this guy so
haha he bet me I couldn't sell 20,000
there you go talk he bet me his car yo
it's not over it is not over we have
time plus bro when people see a the
special limited edition book is packed
that I'm announcing today so ha it's not
over tailored stop you guys we gotta
sell twenty thousand pairs okay I think
today's the day bro today's the day so
it don't get poppin here we go into
Jake's house Shirley would those are you
doing
locos about it lather it up you're
Muslim
you're putting coconut oil on your arms
when you're filming you gotta wait a
second wait a second bro guys remember
Spencer it's been 84 years hi Matt how
are you buddy okay cool
oh wow not sure what this little guys
doing can I pick you later okay it's
okay it's okay
did you know today is sort of your day
Matt check it out as you know maverick
your socks which you love today we are
putting a thousand pairs of these in my
brother's closet what do you think
nice nice going to my brother's going to
my brother go into my present any oh you
got hella socks
yo stop can we drive your car because I
want the low game to see it again I want
them to see what we're talking with yeah
but you're not going to get yeah we do
that okay yeah it's not being an asshole
oh there it is this beauty yo when I get
this bar when I sell 20s I was good when
I get this car I think you were never
putting it down guys are gonna make the
biggest victory in my life oh how are
you baby soon to be mine give it a good
rub Spence get to know it getting to
know it because we're going to be riding
it yeah you hear that better ha it is
time Jake if you watching this vlog ah I
apologize in advance hahaha just kidding
okay so we are pulling up to Jake's
house right now I know he's not here
because my mom is staying with him and
she told me he's out running errands or
something for the next like hour at
which point I will infiltrate his house
and commence our front okay we're going
inside the house go ahead and ring the
doorbell just King there is no door mom
walk in what you ready guns up let's go
hello
mom come here give your very son a hug
hi how are you mom where's Jake brother
Jay he went to the bank why all to get
his money well just in case Jake and I
are betting $5,000 on a race tomorrow or
will racing our cars he had to do
anything
I'm not saying mm-hmm okay
here we go here is the magic - oh my
gosh - okay so we need to take out all
the clothes in this clause and then put
them mom where do you think we should
put your clothes what is pool Logan
water
no I'm not doing that you don't have to
we'll do it you know don't put it in the
pool yes I know but what about in here
like in the bathtub yeah this works this
works okay dudes are you guys ready to
get to work up here that's a pretty big
claw big monza let's get started
ah
okay so we finished y'all nice work nice
work see my nice boy that's a nice work
well this looks I mean this beautiful
yeah so many socks bro oh my gosh
yo he's gonna be pissed probably cuz we
just threw his clothes I'm so sorry Jake
one quick thing though South is mother
how long it took Jake is home now I
would guess about 10 minutes perfect oh
that's perfect okay look there's your
family cool cool yeah
all right we're through friend you ready
yeah
I hate maverick you that's a thing you
know what do you want to do
what ah you're fine you saw what it's a
lot of socks yeah but like bro like to
think about how many sake I'm out with
like they're cool too
so also we did replace your socks that
we put them somewhere no bro we updated
you know in my sock roll bro later on
throw my stuff yeah yeah I actually hate
you right yeah well frankly you know you
started it it was done it was nothing
you started it back up so I feel you
want to give you some socks put your
clothes in the OL tour this Malmsteen is
I miss all those on my website ha ha ha
no I'm actually no way I'm actually
doing a thing like sort of what the next
thousand pairs of maverick socks that
sell are going to be these ones the ones
in your closet so so you can't actually
sell only you can keep like a pair maybe
so the next 999 pairs of celery these
beautiful ones and I'm gonna keep one
stay at least actually you're gonna have
to buy link in the description the bonus
pack I think this is also the time do
not stubo to spec out these bro we got
the I love the loan at our team maverick
socks we got the color blind maverick
socks seeing black away matter huh we
got mini Mavericks and trippy maverick
socks bro
that's the bonus pack robe if he does
we're a pack before socks bro I'm guilty
yeah the trippy one yeah you can
actually you have those ones you go out
today yeah definitive protection you can
buy from $50 back good thing I have a
$5,000 for a stop
I am the one who got the buggy
nasa-funded it's not okay so yeah guys
this is the bonus track looking specials
in addition it sucks
also these next 1000 hairs are going to
be the ones from Jake's closet wait
actually
why'd you guys just come and get your
socks now Jake I see I just says oh god
yeah yeah I'm hungry too
okay there's a man okay hi okay we are
leaving I know we can do this guy's
twenty thousand pairs and we get this
beautiful karna to his car we get to
take it away from him now we do that's
what I love about it and the first thing
I'm going to do is paint it maverick
colors pinky with that set I wish you
guys tomorrow for the epic race and my
brother you do not want to miss it I
love you Logan
come see me tomorrow like I heard take
it easy
