oh we gotta take it hey yo good morning
little gang what wha so as you guys know
I lost my voice but I hear it slowly
coming back and I know because I can do
this yeah bro yeah that sounds good also
a good thing I was able to sleep in
today for the first time in a while I
was actually able to get some sleep so
oh yeah
however as usual these workouts got me
messed up man I'm just so tired I'm
exhausted do I need to get some food I
mean right now
oh my god yeah dude it's been a while
since I've done this joke but uh oh yeah
zucchini scrambled take me away so this
makes me happy this is like my first
dose of energy for the day also sitting
here realizes me makes me realize that I
need to shave my chest I will eventually
I have a plan though I want to get more
ripped and then shaved because when you
shave you look like extremely ripped so
if I get super ripped and then shave my
chest oh my god zucchini scram what I
love you so much
oh good morning my child my baby my
sweet my love where are you going dude
you are making such a mess back you have
destroyed my house maverick what do you
have to say for yourself huh
what speak up are you going you can't
run away from life's problems all the
time average no you can't just remember
guys if you're thinking about getting a
bird this is this is what that looks
like
woody oh my god I need to know what you
were trying to do math would like build
a nest or what alright I'll talk to you
later buddy oh don't try to don't tell
well I'm gonna talk to you later ok
buddy you you go ahead and just stay
there I guess ok fine weird ok so what's
happening today first off I have to go
to a meeting for my Logan Paul vs. show
got picked up baby season 2 so that's
going to be good also I know in
yesterday's vlog he left you guys on a
cliffhanger what's in the box right this
cool like magical painting box Oh
subdued thank you why am i understanding
like if you're gonna come in the house
on here like don't you got some balls
coming come in his hot no mark and I
ain't got it like a childish fight we
broke each other's and wait hold on oh
hi mark
oh hi mark oh hi Logan so yeah we broke
each other's stuff because you know how
we like as roommates we're always like
your bedroom earlier did like service
it's a little true sometimes but we're
good right we resolved it at the end of
it what section off the vlog yeah
inaudible yeah well yeah we try to be
adults about this I can only do that so
much Marsh pretty good at it oh you get
a haircut
I did it looks good run man uh I guess
would you kind of just say yeah just
look like shit
yo at the end of the day right here boy
came by
skip what kinds of a child√≠s a little
bit but we hashed it out with yo but
here's the thing like I did the same
thing with Jake when he lives with me
like roommates guys you Butthead you
Butthead that's all there is to it now
that said let's Butthead yeah do you
want to help me open this box give any
interest in that agent to be honest
that's why I didn't do it in yesterday's
vlog I had no fuckin problem I don't I
don't know I'll have one of those so
we're gonna kind of just pry it open
with scissors I don't know yeah yes
everyone hated me yesterday like at the
end of the lavas like ah I'm sorry guys
I'm sorry about those two this tanks but
it's good you tell our story ties into
today right - since today you got to
come back and watch TV shows do it
what does camara TV shows yeah huh you
got to not meant for this we're gonna
use the markers over there looking for
more tools imma give this a go if I had
a day this would work is how the aim is
do it I'm not even know this stuff bro
oh I gotta check out the top one oh
you're writing writing right oh six
seventeen more yeah I've been here for
25 minutes laughing how did this get box
open I think I finally got it
oh it's going down Marvin oh you guys
see what it is yeah Moretz
I can't give it you guys you know that I
gotta make it I gotta make it
interesting
oh now get up okay so you know we know
it's tasting right at this point you
know chases but what is the painting of
oh my me but with our thought I've made
what is the pyramid bearment dummy I
said we got the pyramids in Egypt which
coincide with my beautiful bonnet
beautiful of course being an opinion
think that's Manhattan
it's got to be without meteor up in the
top right and then we go into the
mountains I gotta say the Alps maybe
Utah okay cool I doing work for volcano
take us all the way to Hawaii and what
we got here we got South America we got
North America we live about here this is
California what I could consider to be
the moon and/or Pluto which is no longer
a planet rest in peace Pluto but yeah
dude this is absolutely amazing bro ooh
is weird as I kiss myself it's already
like cocky and chachi enough that I got
a painting of myself but if I kiss
myself too much
yeah okay so that's really dope this is
not so dope however I'm a little late
for meeting mark I'm gonna leave you
with this I'm just joking guys I'll get
it later
I think anyways I'm here at the office
it's time to say what up to our director
Bennett he's the guy who's gonna be
directing the local ball versus episode
obviously I guess because yeah that's
what director means okay hey man guys
this is Bennett as you know because I
said he's the director of the Logan ball
versus who we give the ball game
you want to be in my vlog better come on
I fine I'll go over here look at him
over there looking at me what what bro
I'm not I'm not even recording bro I
definitely am recording he died only see
if nobody think he's doing what right
you look good bro you look good
you look like a jawline bro also
connected as like where are we what is
happening I feel like I made a
combination of like a kids playground
and like space like a weird space
costume thing also there's a TV with a
green screen on it oh look at the
Teletubbies Wow oh wow penguin hip so
dope
Oh check that out now it's this vlog
whoa that's crazy dude life is amazing
okay Bennet don't get worked up bro I
don't know why you keep messing around
for bro but like if you want to be on my
vlog totally good bro good good well
that was weird but I'm not gonna do a
little brainstorming so if you'll excuse
me
yo okay so we finished that now I am
going to home to home you're a girl now
I am headed home to catch people with
the fishing rod yes you heard me
correctly I will see you in a second
yellow yellow yellow okay so I'm back
home and I just realized my house looks
like a frickin pigsty not gonna lie okay
that was my fault and but the chippings
all over the floor uh also my fault but
this stuff over here what we got this
who just got food laying around not even
let's didn't even finish the breadstick
first off not only is that a mess the
second off who doesn't finish
breadsticks breadsticks are delicious a
lot breasts although I don't eat them
anymore but they were good at one point
in my life
a lot brought back to the fishing for
people ideas so I have to say she rot
here and that was like yo I'm on the
eighth floor balcony how great would it
be if I can like fish for people off of
my balcony was like what makes people
tick right well how can we catch people
like fish and then I remembered everyone
loves money because people are greedy
and human stuff we put the money on the
end of this fishing rod and then fish
off of my balcony I'm going to try to
aim it like right down there boy we got
some local gangsters across the street
oh is that is that it oh he wants to
mavar stock all right oh yeah did you
hear that did you guys hear that nests
chemo that's German team oh he's back
he's going to help us shoot this and by
the way we attached the GoPro we have
the Mavericks on a GoPro how are you so
I'm really hoping that this guy does not
try and steal you because I go for five
hundred dollars so without further ado
let's go fishing
yo this is Hilaire my god this is heavy
bro have you have you ever used the food
truck whoa yeah but doesn't saying it
drop
Oh everyone's there he's about to grab
it somebody grab it what let's see I
hope he said something to the GoPro
little game for life baby yeah I got the
wrong door the stuff thank you love you
papi
we got the GoPro yeah man yo that was
amazing Wow
we did it that was successful shit now
it's just money out of it yeah okay Timo
can you go downstairs I want you to
record some like across the street and
also if someone feels the GoPro i'ma run
mutant I'm going and you how you realize
that's on you bro so here are the things
that could go wrong eh
I could get kicked out of my apartment
complex I'm pretty sure this is illegal
yeah I could lose the GoPro see if
someone dragged me off of the balcony
with the fishing rod let's hope this
goes well who's it Jake ball is the Jake
ball here we go come
no I think the same guys gonna try to
hit the same guy who got the stock who's
gonna get that money no the same guys
you taking no egg Logan would come on
don't be greedy go $20 mmm
all right whatever whatever you can
enjoy that when I got more than asking
for okay take three let's hope we get
someone different this time see we're at
a good height I think right a good solid
height
let's do comes along and wants the money
oh we gotta take it take it take the
money but go take the GoPro
take for you got a watch
you got to bake them in you got swittel
it in there nice a nice and gentle this
lady I think I think we got a lady take
my money
I wonder if the GoPros guarantee what
sometimes hitting it your chemo might
actually have to chase the guy down some
guys literally just hit it with a net
come on people take my money
come on take it
I've never had this much trouble giving
away $20 I'm legitimately getting tired
I'm tired
what why are people not taking my money
oh oh look do we have a fish
do we have a fish is that do we have oh
oh okay Wow what are the chances of that
oh you just got so lucky
oh man just like caught my Cobra honey I
know you caught my GoPro but don't take
my money don't you take my money
you look so ridiculous right now see
this is what I wanted this whole time
get it get it them in get the money no
no yes
Amanda has taken my money and stolen my
GoPro okay cool
Oh cute one sec thank you I love you is
it bad look at either gotten it that's
what we gotta do right preciate you hi
thankful so in a matter of five minutes
we got shut down amanda cerny stole $20
and she stole my GoPro we got to get
this GoPro we gotta find her and we're
gonna kill her where's our bear I was
kidding I like Amanda she's cool but
really give me my so Pro okay there's my
GoPro mm-hmm I mean I have you on camera
taking my money and my GoPro and I know
we have to play a clip Bahamas down
oh my god hey Bob this is the $20 okay
so just go back to the house bro nice
work on that
that was a search and rescue mission
succeeded but here's the thing I went
back and watched the footage Amanda went
to the store spent my twenty dollars she
had money I know she has money and spent
my $20 blog the whole thing tragic Frank
and go shopping guys Bobby with fishing
for $20
carry on
by loading block mini backpack now
hahaha so that was that was funny Amanda
Europe you're funny girl
nobody's so funny and all that no guys
that is the war I feel like and I know
you guys probably agree that that was
like the best vlog I've had in a while I
know they haven't been the best late but
guys I'm busy I'm doing stuff I'm trying
to become a movie star
so if you're not part of the low game
make sure you subscribe Logan if you are
subscribed I freakin love you oh also
I'm pranking my brother Jake tomorrow I
can say it because by the time this vlog
will be up we'll be done some in the
prank it is going to be epic we are
going to his house in the morning and I
can't tell you too much but just make
sure you come back tomorrow cuz it's
gonna be lit I will see you tomorrow
take it easy fans of Z do you know how I
sign off yeah you missed hardcore
if you bitch
