right okay so you hang it carry going
pretty
hey yo good morning okay what's wrong
I'm sorry guys I worked out once again
for three hours today and my energy is
yeah this is all the front for the vlog
I'm trying to bring it for you guys in
real life like about 30 seconds ago I
was I was dying I'm still am dying but
I'm bringing it for the vlog bro oh yeah
anyways look what we got here hey let's
talk about you Bob let's talk about that
no Bob no not you again I don't want to
push out you're my mom I love you right
right but no I was talking about this
this big box behind you right like
wasn't about what's in the Bob you know
what's in it
no I won't look before we get into
what's in here guys I have another
special guest he came all the way from
Germany but okay okay yeah yo this is
Timo he's German obviously what did you
say just now and you said what's not man
with that what's your oh C Mon oh so
Timo is gonna be hanging out with those
team with my boy hey we just met today
like I actually just like an hour ago me
what you know it's like you Hannes oh
you do not like your heart you kids
runnin under pretend every single day
just make the best out of it and just
push yourself here you can make down the
same bad impression of a German man I've
ever seen and you are German bro that
was horrible right
anyways plus to the bar to the bar I say
we give it a gun mom are you ready whoa
whoa whoa whoa hey okay
Timo can you help her because my mom
hand is broken mom I'm gonna stop you
mom I'm out I'm gonna stop you that's
that's a German crazy man for sure
that's why he's German okay wasn't it
laughs to the BA how many times are we
going to say what's in the back of it
hey so this is actually the
big attacks on every seat oh god that
sounds so wrong that's what she said
yeah no you wanna hear what's in the bar
what's in the box what's in the box
I'm getting this later I think at the
end of all but before we get to that if
you had too often like crazy like fun
like super-sick challenge c'mere I want
I want to do the challenge with you it
is called the what's in the box
challenge Wow named after this just like
you planned
no just like coincidence there's crazy
yeah love is amazing so the way this
challenge works there
no way this challenge works so we're
going to the store right now I'm gonna
buy some stuff she's gonna buy some
stuff we're going to put it in the box
and then like other person this is hard
to basically I'm gonna guess what she
puts in the box she's gonna guess what I
put in the box without looking we're
gonna blindfold each other throw
everything in this container and then
guess what was in the box what's in the
box
ha ha ha is it annoying yet say ha ha ha
marg you go in the store first you get
your items first team oh can you ask or
her I can't have my mom walking alone go
get a mop I love you definitely talking
to you team oh definitely dog me ha ha
yo my roommate mark actually did this
challenge and I know some people are
thinking like yeah that's Marc's idea no
fault no he asked me for some vlog ideas
one day and then I had this idea and I
let him do it would you just say only if
you actually hop
that's not boys happen in the raw what
we did I like that guy he's mysterious
hey that is my mom you get that good
stuff okay there's my third chemo can
you hold again with me sure I'll be
right back right here cool it again okay
so since they already very properly
explained the rules I think we're just
going to dive into this call me Michael
Phelps's and you'll see what's happening
there mark you want to exit the room
person I'll put my first item in the box
balance okay Emily never give up well
maybe here ah Bobby you got comments or
somes gonna be weird already watching
you what the heck the woods okay someone
you're supposed to get how they gonna
package something goes another packages
Oh Oh are these um disease of girls put
in their hair uh hair hair hair clippers
damn it
yeah it's so exciting just like I have
no idea without an elephant that's what
I'm movin up
my mom was once pregnant with me and my
brother Drake let's see how much she
remembers what a president who touched
feels like Oh girls pee on me look
everything gob coming out about Annette
oh so much hahaha
the pregnancy yesterday always knows how
you can Isis okay
this is probably TMI but I've used this
before when I was trying to get pregnant
desperately to have a beautiful son or
daughter
story you made us about Logan if he
raised baby chicks and he actually
twelve these little chicks it see if you
get it yeah there you go my right I'm
ready are you ready oh it's alright
whatever you do is lots of foot you do
these have a name it feels like a puffy
little tough ball can I say the
mechanical duck that waddle oh I go
through this game I said you might get
it I love duck why I had Ducks guts come
on kid
I had dust in one of them Roger
here's what was working with next sweet
potato baby food okay I'm also gonna
open it up so she just looks like a
finger full of baby food sorry ma I love
you that was Oliver Twist apply full on
horses house that was smart is my mother
all right
is it gonna bite me no no I didn't get a
live animal are you sure Oh what the
hell is that oh it's cool while you
finger hit it cuz I'm afraid of it I
don't have finger things I'm afraid of -
oh stop
that's goo it's like school it's green
baby give it a stir
seriously my I was able to give it a
taste
I wanted poison you
agree oh god it's baby food
what flavor oh it's totally baby food I
should've smelled it flavor
yeah what what I know that mom cuz I
just defeat you this stuff all I get to
do is smell brought back lots and lots
of wonderful memories you're good at
this game you want it let me see Ian
problem at all right I want I know so
this is a dog toy rubber dog Bo we do
nothing traditional sub better on this
one
oh god what is in this mom but it's the
dog boy make the challenge hard for me
come on mom what a dog toy
what else has the shape of a dog toy and
dildo ah this is the last one for me I
wanted to shock my mom a little bit
so this rivet Aitor okay but you're
feeling while I was moving the booth so
anxious go for it okay look good good
money no my lighting anything live wait
Carrie oh my god she didn't see me it
takes out the potato because obviously
you know how to use it eh yeah I was
chasing I didn't know much you're way
too cool making you uncomfortable the
light once is last one down alright
great cake let's just all say he can't
do it but I can okay woo this is all
business
top oh really I don't know I don't think
I know if it did oh wait what color
sure now don't we try not to but I'm
color play so what's in the box
we're equally you're awesome yeah okay
so I guess no one son has to push Jake
in the face I was not going to punch
Jake and say why you agreed to it
no I didn't have you on camera saying
you know you don't prove it so the loser
of this challenge has to punch my
brother Jake in the face thanks good all
right okay okay so that is it for the
what's in the box challenge but I know
what you're all thinking or a low dose
what's in the big box the big box full
baby oh no I think you should save it
for tomorrow's vlog why I don't like a
cliffhanger uh mom you are vlog mom half
tech blogger guys you're gonna hate me
but I think she's right like we are like
I want I want to know what's in the box
mom wants them to know what's in the box
timo do you want to know what's in the
box wasn't above
but yeah I think I'm gonna save it for
tomorrow's vlog I know you guys gonna
hate me a star and I'm that no that is
different today's vlog Joe if you are
not a part of the low gang make sure you
subscribe join the family
it gets rowdy here there's yeah it
definitely gets rowdy so hit that
subscribe button if you are not already
subscribed and I will see you tomorrow
low gank take it easy fast oh wait what
just stop you German guys come on
