not the first time I've been naked in a
grocery store but it is the first time I
ran around age good morning Logan what's
up
I'm Jess so today's a bit of a fun dad
you manage with Jessica it's the morning
right why is he here this is Stephanie
Stephanie say hi
should I call you check all your staff
for Stephanie I say Eponine you're gonna
definitely I gotta have it it calamity
oh just because you said I can call you
whatever I want
I'm calling you honey Oh can you explain
what's going on right here right here
cash money yeah I do that cash money why
do you have that you notice what that
how I got again I am my bad yo what's
happening oh she's giving it to half of
me - oh I need a little bit more what do
you guys doing drugs is my manager
today's they're doing drugs oh my god
I'm going down okay okay I just want to
get away from the drug stuff but no you
come on you're still doing this whole
messing bro you've got to chill with
that what no it's a legal maverick
oh Jesus mother of God where you going
bro oh you just wanted to check out my
maverick apparent socks admit they're
sexy it make you love seeing yourself on
about what are you doing guys I also
have a confession to make I'm not going
to do it now but it has to do with
maverick uh you might have noticed if
you did you know what this confession is
gonna be but I'm not yeah I save that
for later you you need to calm down all
right I don't know where you're going on
what you're doing but I will see you
later
you scared me my name's yeah why you
standing there like that you know why
it's bad cuz your hands are behind your
back it's like I've been way to go by
the way I'm not met never coming for you
bro new me
you something mark sounds like a
smashing mash mark are you smashing can
I come in mark oh hi mark
oh hi mark all right Logan huh what's up
good editing classic yo mark always just
editing bro get a life
mark you like mark what ah you doing I'm
glad you asked mark as I blossom into a
young entertainer actor director
producer writer I need to practice being
an entertainer director writer actor
producer I know I got the order wrong
today I'm going to stretch my directing
muscles do you remember that band you
did not go with us but George I went to
this concert for this boy bed and we
fangirl they look like this a lot
restarted and specifically manager
Jeffrey Johnson because the ass was like
ill I think you guys are dope dude and I
asked if I could direct a music video
like not act in it not do I just I want
to direct one of their music videos and
they said yeah that's what I'm doing
today I'm directing music video for the
book all right
you know
what is the band called again why don't
we wonder why only what make a music
video
what's the band's name why don't we make
a bet
why don't we make a band water that is
the band's name why don't we what do I
was haha
the day is slowly getting started your
Hollywood row you like this view work
every day here say something to the
megaphone bro Hollywood we here we are
here you want to know that you wouldn't
know fuck dude you just knows me so
loaded watch because of you what's up
okay
yo i jelly you're taking this your
yellow guy play a yellow guys and the
blue hat do you mean the construction
workers beginning of negative because
the reason I came out here is going to
go there's like a crew here like legit
this is actually legit - the fact that
we don't have permits to be shooting in
the street but yeah look there's like a
lot of people here do so we got these
guys we got this guy we got Stephanie
over there but I call that heaven she
hates that joke but it's never going to
stop oh yeah this is like I it's
becoming legit the director muscles are
being stretched it oh why are you idiot
Gainesville means rule
must be nice Joffrey must be nice you
guys know I cut that out who I believe
we are waiting for our superstars to
show up that music in the background at
the music Hey
yeah this is my boy my boy we got Jonah
we got Daniel we got Zach we got Jack we
got Corbin with the wise oh yo so these
guys brought would you bring these sexy
outfits right this is my idea I know
they've got Oh suspenders in bowties bro
the roses look I I'll tell you the guys
the creative shortly but you guys go get
changed for me I need to do look like
sexy beast
we are wooing women well you guys are
ruling woman today they're going to
follow them up the dog exchange and
we'll get got so I realized when I told
them to go get change that we actually
don't have that much space in the houses
a lot of people here I brought them to
my room you but this is an issue in the
bones never know he's killing he's
killin Rojo think of a song some would
think of something first i9o yo it's
working yo it intelligently I think it
actually worked
all right so you guys go get JJ I'll be
upstairs bro carving this and I was
dressing on your all night I should take
you to the moon that's a ball
we still menu and it's alright you can
be my father right away to lock me my
solid there's nothing nobody go fix it
is another life cuz this is what we are
tonight nobody got no I'm the six-member
drop they never know yeah we were all
packed in an elevator in oh yo I don't
like it what what what the one thing
that would make this legit official
don't know what here's the deal class
because we do not have permit okay I
didn't really have no Stephanie time
again real if you like no everyday we
don't have permits so if we get caught
okay one thing front just didn't run ah
yeah exactly that kids I've got a good
have a thing you do where you put your
hands with your leg back yeah one two
three I'm so this is not with the real
talk directing is sometimes stressful
the only thing that's going to be
stressful today is the fact we have all
these people and we cannot get caught we
do not have a permit so if we get caught
either I'm gonna get fined or go to jail
I don't know but you guys know how we do
it it's gonna get done okay so the
concept of this video right these kids
are young this song is called nobody got
it no the idea was that they go up to
girls like probably much older than that
and they're like yo I thought you were
cute and then they sing the song for
them they serenades and the whole idea
is that like yo although we're young
like we could get together baby nobody
got to know I suck at it they're much
better at well yeah basically we're
going to be singing to strangers all day
so here we go take numero uno kill me
should I be directing this they're kind
of doing their own thing because after
they start singing that's like pretty
much is a real reaction so bad I gotta
know
but these are the first girls they sang
to yo I gotta edit to my vlog how did it
feel to be serenaded by
I don't think I like her yes if I plan
is working fine thank you guys you guys
you're both amazing location number two
the subway get a deck get it to heck get
it
yeah this is so good these kids are stud
there's a security guard right there I
think he likes it like he doesn't care
it's my director Polly's in the house my
mother likes feeling know it's Bob
what are they doing ha what is he doing
all right this is going to be hard I
have to vlog I have to direct as they're
walking here I'm also playing the sound
on this is going to be tough we got you
I believe that's a fact
bro I'm a vlogger you wouldn't know this
blog like us we are rolling you boys
ready here we go
- we should
would you like that
the musicians musicians take your time I
mean our CQC sends the exact musician
ice I play rock beeping Oh Mariana
Gaston is are you I like you have your
own story
how do you know me only I need to move
from my childhood
whoa he's been listening to guys songs
just his childhood brought away oh he
said to me totally crazy I don't give a
damn okay about anything I sent these
kids inside a coffee job look at these
kids killing inside the coffee shop ruin
girls and stuff and look at this guy
doing work on his laptop
hello that your lunch break boy you know
you can something anyone you know look
at this hair oh how do you guys explain
that a hat yeah I'm a director today
much so I think these guys are
witnessing some low gangsters across
yeah are you looking move it oh no don't
blow what the heck bye guys we love you
well gang for life I am average socks
now link in the description oh oh oh
where did that come from yo easy toss
out Jess you came through I think I'll
get like two usually follows them no and
then you guys can just like okay what is
that one do not spill on yourself well
yeah I got bad vibes bro I wanted to get
a room the whole shoot god bless america
look they're doing it the good listeners
good work boys that's why I like a lot
of people in my house bro mm-hmm blah
can you help me clean this mess up
yes really no see this is yeah no bueno
on all this stuff harmonicity okay I am
so far they were going to nice good luck
guys I only had like six bullets those
sewing it's a climactic I was thinking
the dope song alright you gotta get the
song what do you say the lyrics and you
put it like a demon voice on yeah it's
like kind of creepy dudes i watch right
take your time with me tonight you
should come with me tonight Rick you're
feeling pretty good nobody gonna go I
love you with that keeps you too rough
director Logan and manager Jeff have
traversed Los Angeles
go okay we are here at Runyon park
yeah we gonna get some sexy sunset shots
as for all of my videos in LA we are
once again fighting the Sun God blog Oh
cut over they're supposed to go below
the mountain which can't happen how you
doing ladies tonight we're gonna get
these girls right here no we gotta bro
we got it we got it is everyone ready
and action
I need you in my life wherever I go
taking you never saw him on that side
never seeing up I depend on you guys let
me so I tell you anybody guy so clearly
wrong with you darling you really mean
it
I'm amazed how you got me feelin guys so
clear when God
all right ladies and gentlemen mostly
gentlemen that's like a describe me
where's Daniel yo this song is making my
truthful yo come on just ever I'm gonna
cry this is the colorblind video all
over again I can't just be I'll see you
guys yes back in the crib oh did we not
kill it today because it is wrong yo
director Logan is actually gone on a guy
if you find him can you tell me can you
give me I'll let you know also I got a
little something for you boys Oh socks
linked in the disaster anyone said go
get your socks rose that's right oh yeah
bro rappin bro look talking about my
blood I got to go shoot with King batch
to do - Logan Perry yeah cuz that's my
name good luck boys I love all you just
jab transition I think so I just had a
50-minute drive
I'm not tired just yeah I should be
alright Michael I'm tired but it doesn't
matter cuz I'm a walking I'm a cutie
imma kill this sorry dude I'm like
injecting energy into myself okay I'm
good let's go by the way this is taking
place in the grocery store oh wow
where's my people over here is my people
my do yo you didn't tell me you rented
out an entire broke
thinking that blades or yo I'm looking
but it's a bad production because there
are no flaw Arnold
you are the man King that one day I want
to be a king back no I just realized we
have this whole store just around in bro
we can mess this place up bro we got the
whole store to ourselves why you have
that guy looking like the whitest man on
planet Earth I noticed all the extras
look like that why you put the extras
wearing these things around the neck
look what what do you do what have you
done definitely what have you done well
we don't talk like that have you decide
was sunny you know who else is here what
happening Anthony oh how did you get him
here as well
no I say is the 50-minute flight you
were in the middle of nowhere huh okay
and you can we had a day we had a day
you were you were there being asked me
and stuff oh I'm really happy I'm at a
good I'm gonna go steal some food okay
what do we have here we got some with
some frankfurters I think these are like
German hotdogs them go ahead and steal
these everyone loves pickles am i right
okay
that everything that I've ever dreamed
of bubbling honestly my dreams are
coming true right now there's an
absolutely amazing do you think this
makes me a bad person huh because it
doesn't I'm not the only one in the
supermarket doing this what are you just
here I mean I'm not the only one dude
it's a thing so I'm getting changed
right now this is not the first time
I've been naked in a grocery store but
it is the first time I ran around eight
all here's something interesting a
salted nut roll does anyone have any
interest in not just any salted nut roll
my salted nut roll please oh now I'm
just kind of weird oh let me in this
section cc-16 I know yes how old am I
dude like what do you think I'm gonna
grow up haha just kidding so I'm looking
at something I like that do that popular
science the science of sleep now this
will be a class I'm interested in oh
fuck fuck is wrong with me literally his
gang is gonna be all right is that what
white people sound like oh yeah I love
you honey yeah yeah I'm ready for my
shot
okay I'm going ask ha okay yeah not okay
not okay action okay
perhaps that's around yeah terribly nice
you know children good stuff Logan
playing okay I'm leaving right now
I got stuff to do bro boom whoa gang
we're back home ah guys I'm tired I'm
crashing but not before I do about two
hours of more work emails editing blah
blah blah meaning I'm not going to get
to bed till like 2:00 a.m. sick well I
said it before I'll say it again you
just gotta dig deep right here and you
can do it
that's that guys that is the vlog I am
so excited for that music videos to come
out it's going to be amazing I'll
definitely keep you guys posted in you
can go watch it like if you want when it
comes out and the confession I had to
tell about maverick that I mentioned in
the beginning of the vlog I don't want
to say it right now I'll say in
tomorrow's vlog play it yeah it's a
little bit of an issue I'm that annoying
cliffhanger little gang I love you I
will see you tomorrow
take it easy fam
what are you doing no no that's bad you
will make it to the top you will make it
to the top you will make it boil a I'm
so sorry guys
