Okin if you reply period I will send my
crush a dick pic no reply but I put it
in the vlog so dick pic away bra and yo
good morning low gang what it pompous so
as you guys know I was up for 41 hours
straight yesterday yeah I was just
finally able to sleep last night I got
six hours Oh totaku dude oh oh
disgusting outside its like seventh or
what oh oh this is my how long to leave
okay yeah I gotta go to set yeah I'm
going to set today to shoot the the
Logan parody with batch again this time
we were going to the desert which
divides and Hollywood are good on this
Sunday hey yo good morning Oliver Hey
okay let's just hide him ever day come
or anybody
what are you doing maverick hello oh
he's definitely hiding something
he's onto something what are you doing
bro you being super suspect right now
maverick where are you going worried
what's happened oh no you did not he put
his socks under his little thing here
maverick you dog oh my goodness maverick
everybody I'm gonna I'm gonna go ahead
and take these I'm so sorry bro yeah do
not forget Logan you guys can get your
own pair of maverick two pair of socks
they're tricking LeDoux just look at
these things look I'm wearing mine oh
yeah I'm going now
before I grab my car and head to set
while I was sleeping last night I heard
like some rumbling it woke me up it was
really like like that except not like it
was LA business it was like dude I'm
hoverboarding around trying to find some
water and see if I can find out what was
going down last night Hollywood they're
so ratchet but I love you what is this
what does happen oh my god I think I
found it what does happen what are the
water though how does this even look at
this van like the wheel came off how
does that happen
are you kidding me there's like they're
giant like handprints it looks like what
yeah okay good starts in the morning
let's go to set like I said I'm still
really tired guys but after separating
like nature wakes me up but we have a
nice chair little car right here a good
Mountain View everything is good
so as long as I'm looking at the
beautiful views like I'm fine and I stay
awake okay when you're outside
apparently it's never for hurricanes
that's what is happening right now in a
hurricane Logan oh I did not think it
was gonna be this cold right now you
you said dressed like it's what did you
say it's art it's like you're going to
Canada yeah and I did not do that and
it's breezy ha ha I think the problem is
the wind dude like it's not that cold
just this wet track attracted from
okay here we go I'm in Canada we're good
that's I got you something real I got
you like hand down right now oh okay oh
I did not tell him to do that I thought
like every day I was going to give you a
sock and like an oyster you just want
out of me dude from hokey beat back from
I dude what was that big so I think
we're getting yelled at right now this
car is Rove up and everyone's like oh
snap cop and there he is right there
just wandering about looking like a cop
and stuff oh really it's not a copy it's
a piece of peace officer like a piece of
California State Park peace officer not
police officer I've never really seen
anything like that but okay can we keep
the peace the either make sure
everything is peaceful you know or every
time you leave somewhere he goes please
I'm not sure which one yet
heart monitor you can help us out
tonight and he wants to go over a few
things about the course when we're in
the park it is an alley cat day so our
parent dessert will be inherent
rifles are going to be guys on
motorcycles they could be known for T
babies we Traverse out even farther into
the desert not much is around here I
think there's some people for wheeling
some dirt bikes
we got a king bag we got this car and I
will say it is less windy and cold out
here and I know that because my nipples
have got softer since we've been out
here first thing of the day here we go I
believe I'm getting this kick top of me
awesome cool we got a group of bad guys
led by lamorne yo diggin the shades yeah
you got us good ladies I know what's
better than the shade um gosh Nicola why
does he have it - it was what is he why
do bad guys were like skeletal plastic
hands bro doing a real here's aa bad
guys don't have real hands the more I
think about it the more I'm actually
wondering why bad guys never have like
hands they're always missing body parts
and just like replacement metal like
think about it bro it's true what we got
we got done with the Winter Soldier
right Captain America type stuff we got
all the terminators Captain Hook he was
an asshole back these are Phil in fact
oh this is gonna be great
Oh camera it's gonna be great Oh
Oh tell me there actually could make me
do no no no that looked like every girl
when I asked for their number I'm at
right Oh get it back get it back
wow what a sound like a girl on that
scream I'm losing my voice get again
I'll sound like a girl again
oh my anymore I'm just moaning oh yes my
boy that's my boy again
does my bra okay just got really windy
but I'm in the middle of the desert
enough awesome-looking stirs hey how are
you oh cool yeah I got something for you
guys stay here
hey all right really I'm just running
away from living never coming back
I'm just kidding I'm going back up you
guys ready who wants them yo oh geez oh
geez out okay enjoy your maverick socks
anybody now huh I was just cutting
onions and ducks they did she took a lot
of me bro she stole them from me andrew
is really is Andrew you while your
maverick socks
Lincoln's is it so it came to the card
of taking that because no this I'm tired
there's some stuffs going down right now
I'm not sure what that yo what happening
thank God so what is happening bro how
are you doing cuz I jump into this oh
snap apparently the professional bikers
professional number one professional
number two professional numbers three
damn Logan you got a stunt double yeah
no I didn't think I did it all again I
never I never pin you for a god I got a
spun to know if I'm supposed to driving
wired I Drive and grow and I'm capable
here the box
god damn it look good okay I'm getting
out of this view come outside back in
the desert freedom blood into another
car yeah you know what up back what up
yo is this so oh your hat are you gonna
do your own Sunday sign and drag yeah I
am or other cars time that is the move
oh really cares alright know that I sort
of my shoes a victory so the camera is
right there I think they're going to be
driving alongside us Decker what you
have it's a broom for sleeping yeah so
maybe weeping water bro keeping pigeons
no as I said no camera I judge Ivan
skills breath bro
what's my name Logan don't have
subscribe and mattress twelve seconds
later look I'm driving this car okay we
have one more car to do a cool thing at
and then we're done right
yeah let's go do the cool thing action
oh my god I was big that was bigger than
expected better she said hahahaha robbed
us or wrapped us a rapper rap rap back
to Hollywood here we go hey yo we are
here what's up Hollywood
oh hey what are you doing in my house
both you when did you get here while you
look like the cutest interracial couple
of 2017 no I'm talking about Ali and the
dog what are you doing bro George you
didn't answer my question why you're in
my house I don't know what you do are
you crying
your eyes are walk it if you guys had
kids their kids would be shaped like a
cube like crazy and you guys both have
square-shaped head well awesome a kid I
mean I'm down he did it I I didn't think
about a tear all the mommies whoa you
see you guys see the street come on guys
is my boy max yeah but can you play
Logan on the set of King batches Logan
parody because I did because I'm Logan
my name is Logan oh okay
I got a shower cuz I look like a
homeless person and then I don't know
dude the night is young
except they did to get up early tomorrow
again what a surprise except this time
is by choice I'm talking but 6:30 a.m.
work out why I actually don't know what
I'm doing with it okay now stop Showtime
hey guys so uh sometimes pass in fact
it's uh midnight I love George's here
hey I'm George has somebody George Hamm
George you said that and I keep saying
it they know you are we've got a team
selfie okay we're really bored and I
know the vlog is like short right now I
know I'm not like at past 10 minutes
wrong which I usually try to do I try to
give you guys content per day how are
you doing
okay are you crying he's kind of is that
is my boy an actor he's coming cuz these
George you are crying cause you're
Georgian it sucks to be you guys we
don't know what to do it's midnight and
I want to give you guys good luck on
that flop Wow guys good news I came up
with an idea in the past five seconds or
so yeah yeah I'm so tired so this should
be interesting
I'm gonna read weird comments that you
guys are low gang I'm commenting on my
videos before warning these are weird I
guess I already said that they're really
weird and uh just like I read your guys
comments so here we go kinda time to
read these exactly how they're written
one girl told me I'm pussy and I lost
$50 on Chris go gambling I'm crying then
I saw your video thanks bro I have no
comment fix a girl called him a pussy
tail off $50 gambling and he cried and
well I mean I don't I crystal growth you
don't because girls loving your gaze
showing I get that what does that mean
like sometimes a little like suspect gay
actually
but it's my vlog so I'm gonna put it in
there I know why you think you think
because I say the word gay it's wrong
why would I treat the word any
differently than any other words where
you go yo see this is bad people are
avoiding this Logan you're gay is
showing sit your ass down okay and
address life with me Jesus here's one oh
this is a tweet like if I ever got the
chance to collect blood from Logan calls
veins I might be too overjoyed and die
of happiness hashtags lobotomy yeah what
the fuck I could get 20 legs
I'll try drugs drugs on my channel so we
have a debug we do not ask for it
everybody took an ibuprofen or Matt do
this it work the things people will do
for YouTube
Logan if you reply I will send my
crusher dick pic don't reply but I put
it in the vlog so dick pic away bruh why
don't you climb period in between
beautiful like a looks like a comma I
bet you're asking why he would send a
big thank you not obvious okay Magdalene
oh by the way I've been collecting these
for like 19 weeks yeah no not like you
like a couple weeks like these are hard
to find you please don't have to often
now they're going to happen
oh ha ha ha ha Logan do it eat that ass
challenge with Jake like it Madrid
so now didn't watch it eat Jake - or did
they want you response and I don't know
bro I know no oh are you gonna do the
challenge I'm gonna put the strong blow
on your thumb before presentations or
auditions it happens
trust me I do it all the time it does
happen
you blow on your thumbs before it up
something so I think like it makes you
like I'm nervous or something boil and
you're stung the only thing we're all
like this oh you guys remember that vlog
where I look like I saw I feel like I
look like a thumb hey I don't like
looking like fingers honestly really big
bump I appreciate you know boy over you
geisha
made you look bitch now I have boner
because that's done bike real now I have
boner because that stuff like barely I
do do something with a stunt bike and it
gave this human being erections now I
have boner because these collars things
I'm worried about like the human race
you good room did Mark have wipe you
like his Jack Frost looking at hair I
wonder the same thing was Bilaam visible
something put your head in very cold
water I think it was like an insult it
sounds like you should be like put your
head in very cold water and they spelled
poot wrong like boot like i pooted
I like that so just get it we should
start saying by the way in geisha all
right if offer this that's it for the
vlog guys I fricking love you guys Logan
I love you so much oh don't forget limit
this is right there get your Lincoln
disease and escape can I say this word
destruction trying to sell 20,000 my
friend has to give me this car right
here if the car's gone now it's just a
picture of your face anyway yeah I love
you guys I will see you tomorrow
take it easy Fred
was snappy
