so that was weird this is weird
everything's just weird
hallo jag good morning how are you
what's up okay let's start with this I
haven't slept for the past 36 hours i
party way too hard last night man I
really messed up and then I am actually
know instead of me telling you why don't
I just show you let me take you back
eight hours ago
hey yo good morning low gang was but I'm
just tired it's 7:00 a.m. and here's the
thing I haven't gone to bed you know and
none of that why do I do it why do I do
this to myself I haven't gone to sleep
yeah I have a 12-hour dance what am I
thinking what is wrong with me I added
I'm living life no really those um no
okay so I'm gonna get James get ready to
go to set yeah is gonna be a tough day
dig deep little bit oh this is crazy
dude I've done like 1 hours i've done 2
hours of sleep but never zero okay hi
how are you buddy you excited about your
new socks that we released yesterday in
new you new socks these are the maverick
socks we've released them yesterday
first piece of merch I'm talking limited
edition maverick the parrot Bling Ring
sock and especially bro all right look I
can't stick around and talk for too long
what are you doing breweries look about
it I gotta go I don't know what really
what you're doing but imma leave now
okay I love you too I hope you like your
rig okay I'm not gonna lie guys it's
just I have no energy right now and I
feel sick like sick to my stomach but I
looked in the mirror and I said to
myself in your scabbard you gotta dig
did you promise your friend King bash
that you would do this parody of the new
Logan movie coming out yes that's what
it is spoiler alert it's a parody is a
new Logan movie coming out my name is
Logan you see where I play into this
parent just want to say I'm riding in
this car for 50 minutes I'm just you
know it looks like it's been through
hell and back but these are the
sacrifices you make as a vlogger as an
actor as a local art what how to do I'm
good how are you Logan
oh just like the movie okay what I'm
gonna use this time to now got my giant
gallon of water here which I will chuck
Shurley also I
pay something so don't drink you kiss it
Joseph you up the mic and bounce from
experience while I'm feeling now frickin
sucks probably eight so we were a wizard
yes a tequila burg no bueno
stop committed nap I will see you guys
in about an hour hopefully I feel a
little better but yes one allele okay
guys I'm alive that was the worst
override of my life you know how long I
was loved
hello 15 minutes 15 6d this be not even
broke time in America was swag oh yes I
did
reckon you SAT I'm dying cut and that's
not good no it's not good a healthy
brain over I had fun last night
wait what'd you do last night I just
funded Oh moanikeala ah yeah what is
this location you're buying guys this is
listen no this is beautiful bro Logan
Perry yes what we're shooting today can
he's low gaan news Logan games you make
sense would be up there first three guys
okay cool yeah yeah killing guys dogs
and after that they're gonna send for
wire you're gonna do your wires that
we're going to stunt yo I hope I don't
throw that they said was another wire
and then also two chances to throw yeah
- gentlemen Rossi the first thing I
asked for when I come here some more
water
the second thing I ask for is the bagels
the bread some carb well let me help you
on this cream cheese yellow it's also
cream cheese but yeah guys this table is
going to save my life nature's going to
save my life I think I'm going to get
through this yeah bye guys I got to get
one now the bagel is not toasted
honestly I could care less if that stuff
was in there I'd be eating these trees
do you think I'm joking absolutely not
come on this place is actually beautiful
definitely i'ma do some shots of nature
to deny the Stig wow I'm so died it's
early on flatmap you guys know what a
big lie character work /g
I'm so sorry oh I'm talking through this
again alright I don't know what's come
over me ah I got you
Sheldon chuckles ah laughs we will did I
could see the light just remember if we
sell twenties not the pair of those
memory sacks
now you this call right here is don't
like in the description Joey you now
I hate Big Chill Real Talk I actually
feel like The Wolverine do like I know
more football shit
let's go shoot this thing y'all I'm so
slap happy this is bad I keep want to do
this all day something my quad bats told
me he doesn't have real claws for me bro
come on you don't need real closet I do
yo you know how much the effects are
gonna cost on this chameleons you have
the kind of money have fine money match
inherited it because he's number one on
the out again is like $20 Rose if you do
have claws you you have a good read nah
bro I'm ovary bro what's my name I'm
lagging right yo these are legit I just
feel claws I feel powerful bro sit on
the chair okay kids it's go time
rehearsing the first scene is everyone
knows when you haven't seen a we're
going ham you got a good swole the issue
is I also might throw up we are getting
full you want to look cool and muscular
throw Oh perfect yes
got it that was perfect timing all right
first shot down I'm not going to lie bro
I'm getting so tired that a bunch of
dudes working on me to accomplish what
exactly does that you know that's
feeding harness good harness we're doing
a wire study apply I'm always down to
fly that's one less favorite thing to do
nap this is the stunt dude I'm super
Manning through the air like tellegio
feeling super Maryland over in library
I'll be laying on go
so that shot was sick I'm happy I did
not throw up yet like I said I'm
starting to get tired and like the
sickness is coming back also I got ahold
of my stomach
stay strong Logan
I think batch is doing a couple shots up
there I'm down here molarity I don't
know what the is going on Oh looky here
the young king bats flying through the
air like Peter Pan Wow
I mean that's just awesome who's up next
I think I'm gonna be running through the
woods i'ma get a little slide on my hip
here I'm gonna go ahead and unbutton
here show you a little something here
I'm wearing a girdle just to protect my
head can't damage and bro otherwise how
would I be able to do this
think about it it can be possible oh
this is a Jeep that's going to be
shooting at me that I'm running from in
the scene
Oh looking like a super bad oh yo that
gun is legit so this is gonna be firing
at me like fake firings are real but I
cool dokgo thing my car oh okay I
believe it is go time I'll be sliding
over there what if I don't be sliding
over there I really hope I don't mess up
my hips man I need to be able to do this
you know I'm sorry I'm talking
oh yeah and that's lunch dish that is
lunch and this is the best way to get
there hello hello I'm so curious how I
have not passed out yet thank you I got
yelled at yeah I know my money I want to
cover my butt and my sides are dirty
from sliding into the DM sinner and I'm
the one who's Jessica and we're seconds
later so while I sit down for lunch I
actually just lost yesterday's walk like
the vlog the one with the maverick Bling
Ring song the one with the car I'm so
excited and I'm reading some of your
tweets about the sock I'm ordering a
pair of socks right now I'm so fuckin
hype Logan yeah I bought some a Logan
pause just like my order I'm glad you
guys are digging these socks legit if I
did not love them so much I wouldn't
like talk about them but I'm upset I'm
freaking up change right I don't forget
it we sell 20,000 my boy has to give me
his car it's in the contract it's in
right no link is in the description box
below but enough with that I'm going to
finish eating my lunch and I'll see you
guys in a bit I'm changing right now
what you guys don't know this stuff that
you put on me I kid you not it's super
glue it hurts so bad
well you're this whatever you put on me
good huh no your honor I can't take the
shirt off ah it stuck to my skin father
for some this is crazy
I've got one human being do this to
those you would be oh yeah it's work
lady hot to the next outfit I actually
can't explain this one because yeah
she's a bit weird I don't know if
Wolverine would wear this but Logan
would yeah and she alleged that at what
point do you just quit everything
because you're so damn good-looking dick
you lessly good-looking me like now's
the time well gosh
Oh seeking man he's out there what you
got what the other thing we did wait
you're taking the
yeah it's gonna get weird that let's get
started yes beautiful feeling and you're
an animal
yes there we go your ass oh my god so
that was weird this is weird
everything's just weird and now we're
here real-time yep so left in the day so
far
glad you could join me let's keep going
which actually involves going home we
did you a few more things I just didn't
vlog it be honest with you I don't think
it was vlog worthy saving you guys from
that boring foo foo link
yo you love these bunch of our backpacks
not it what's wrong Tim bro let me see
your back Oh bro you love oh oh you love
Brazil bro I go to the Olympics 2020
performing isn't it knowledge you mean
competed and I'll fake broke my MIDI
theory No Illuminati confirmed already I
I don't know how we got here that was a
good shooter yeah got two more days so
I'm gonna be with them for the next two
days yeah sure chilly but it's time to
go back alley and boom we are back home
you guys I have dying right now I
thought it was okay but I know and I
realized I'm ending the vlog the same
way I started a vlog like I feel like
that but it's okay because I pulled
through today I thought I pushed my
limit then I got bent and I actually
like days like these because I feel like
it's good to test your limits you know
what you are and aren't capable oh that
makes us anyway I'm slowly crashing and
burning far away whoa wow I guess yeah I
just conveniently laid down next to all
these Mavericks on make sure to get your
pair link in the description oh but
against my better judgment I'm actually
not going to sleep just yet I gotta go
see the Logan movie it's my name after
all and I was playing in today with that
said low gang I love you I will see you
tomorrow thank you this is road
that's your bitch
