good morning low gang what is poppin now
this is today's vlog mark doesn't know
what's going on Mimi yeah no it's it's
night hours I was a little bit glad the
morning I don't know why I said good
morning because it's clearly night
outside juju today I I edited airplane
mode all day likely to hold it I
physically went into the Edit Bay and
edited with the editor and the directors
is that we usually advise oh yeah yes
well I was editing all day and I did
vlog but then I got home I was like yo
like I was in the Edit room all day it's
not funny it's not entertaining we have
planned yeah bro so I've planned for
days like this where nothing has gone
that a while back George made a blog
where he saw or thought he saw a ghost
so this vlog is going to be that what I
found a while ago and then you guys
going to be entertained by it now
because today was just not that fun in
my life but the ghost vlog is and you're
about to see is to take a look enjoy
holy shit oh my god I needed to make
this video right now I already filmed my
vlog for today at 7 p.m. I don't care I
needed to sit down and just talk about
what what I just lost because of losing
one kid my bro I have a friend you guys
know him his name is George Jericho nice
little Assyrian boy he called me two day
three days with y'all we spent the night
in a cemetery or any say something to
haunted house something something scary
like apparently they walked over a grave
one time and both of the cell wall of
the friends do you I can barely talk
right now wait till you see what I'm
about to show you both of his friends on
at the same time work they've apparently
said I just got the chills like the same
sense at the same time George did not
get the chilled but whatever George was
recording on his mic he said he could
hear a girl in the distance screaming
but every time the girl would scream and
he if a hearing aid his mic to go shut
up shut up shop shop or whatever yeah I
swore to Jesus Christ does that not
sound like a girl screaming I hate go
bro like Oh even like talking about it I
feel like I'm just summoning demons here
I love that I I try to show call those
involve verses where I spent the night
in a haunted insane asylum and I thought
I talked to a dead kid I talked to a
dead kid named Jacob hey Jacob I was
talking and vo radio interference this
thing only it only gives out radio
interference which apparently goes can
manipulate I was talking to a dead kid
what are you saying man I'm trying
really hard just can you repeat it one
more time Jacob did you say Bennet
boom absolutely no go stir it real girl
and then George starts talk to me about
this electroscope good luck I'm up close
he's like yo dude I went to watch my
video and everyone's commenting 5:30
5:30 I'm like what is it sounds like 37
p.m. George he's like no bro a ghost
past on screen and I'm like nah dawg no
chance bro you see all the ghost hunting
shows on that boat why the ghost never
showed on camera huh you never actually
catch a ghost on camera you can say like
all I saw like a shadow or like a bear
in oh you did it I believe in ghosts I'm
just saying why is it that the ghost
hunting shows never actually give clear
hard evidence about finding a ghost on
Camp George he embellishes
but he does not lie so I'm like I
immediately get so excited because like
after I was that kid I was like yo like
ghosts are real and it's cool that we
were in like capture that know about my
talking dead kids that's the cool sense
to say I jump up and run my computer I
go to five minutes 30 seconds it like yo
I started crying
not a fear I'm not a little baby back
bitch just of like excitement and
disbelief and and that's what happened
that was the second game ago and then I
watched it again I feel like again and
this was my initial second reaction
and then you know I walked it again and
this was my initial third reaction I'm
freaking the fuck out ro I'm about to
elaborate with my viewers why why I
think it's 100% real so you move the
flashlight you move the flashlight
across this reflects off everything
can't reflect off of it it does broke
the shadows the ghost is there before
the flashlight gets there what they're
broke there's something shadow so I'm
going to show you the clip from his vlog
first and then we'll dive into the
actual file itself this is from his vlog
only gonna show you a little bit because
that's all that's necessary but check it
out there's a creepy hot dog event where
never check it out what is that okay
that's gonna catch anything did you see
that did you see that I'm gonna wait
again did you catch anything
what stop what was that all you know so
my first reaction was to go back and
play in slow motion
good burn
silly ghost Phillip single okay I'm
gonna this is the original file this is
not an edited vlog to the first three
minute clip that was thrown into his
blog the quality should be as high as it
can be okay okay
here we go to the counter right there
what oh wow all right we're going to
take this frame by frame right here we
see the ghost approaching right okay we
we see his shadow clearly I'm gonna move
this so you guys can get it all right so
not we don't see your shadows once I
have a shadow I think we see the spirit
with them I say we see the spirit and
then George's flashlight goes across it
crosses his body and you can see it like
it just it crossed a cross bro oh my god
right here it it passes through like
very clear I almost like jumps through
space a little bit you see the ghost
like for you see it form again when
George's flashlight is finished cutting
through it you see the ghost come back
into one almost and then walk off and
then it move on to me this is it is so
clear that it is a person but what makes
this stand out for me and for me to say
this is a ghost this key hand this is a
hand son
and then look it walks like a hand like
it's at his side and it should be and he
walks through you watch holy block it's
walking like a hand
he's a boy now homie just through the
light the light on what makes it like
disappear and then this cloud of dust or
pop cloud whatever it is comes back
through the light and you can see him
you can see that same swaying hand right
here right here
George's flashlight okay so look he's
pointing in the distance follow this
light follow George is like okay he's
pointing in the distance yeah / let's
have latex burn out like that this is a
business a directional flashlight right
here without the reflection of any
people or the light like because
sometimes when we shine light in the
dark there will be like dust particles
or like clouds like yours out of
something that this right here is not in
the path of the light it's not even
close it's not even close dude so why
was this only that area being lit up
okay check it out and then a walk into
the hand and he goes through any forms
again and he takes this little ghost
strut and he walked off everybody knew
everything about
genuinely as someone who doesn't believe
in ghosts when you see that what
possible explanation possible
explanation can you give for what that
is I mean it's clear like a nighttime
you know must and fog they develop but
they don't walk like human beings mark
if you don't visit ghosts or exist look
okay how many times you not just watch
the video it's a camera that's bad in
low-light the camera picked myself one
knows it but you want to know this
I wasn't notice Mars awesome this does
not walk it does not
shruts everal factors that are involved
here you have a light that George's a mu
IRT elaborate and you know you have a
camera that is being moving that has an
ISO that it see moving shouldn't you
have an each other speed move those two
negatives guys and if you believe in
ghosts it's fun you go surreal I need
some help I want to know what you guys
think comment if you've been goats are
real they're definitely real hashtag
locating four-legged bias that is not
fair well yeah that is it for the vlog I
hope it was somewhat entertaining I
don't know okay thanks Martin subscribe
you will never subscribe me in the first
place but yeah that's difference a blog
today tomorrow we are flying to Houston
Texas for the Super Bowl II really oh oh
I'm going with a fellow YouTube so we
can I guess if you guess I would say if
you don't guess I won't say so you don't
know I know him I don't hang out with
the monster okay so if I were to guess
one person does it does it right with
dice bum and that's it for the vlog
today thank you guys for watching I will
see you tomorrow take it easy bad
