what happens if it's a boy oh it's uh
hey yo good morning Logan what pops so
this morning I woke up early I was like
and then I hit myself in the face and I
said Logan you're gonna work out and I
did that problem is ahead though I'm not
a promise the good thing I have an
audition today it's in an hour and
happiness in Santa Monica which is like
an hour dry and I'm not going to lie as
per usual I'm okay I've been studying it
just not as much as I should have nine
pages of dialogue good stuff scary movie
blah blah blah so I'm like you when I
work out I'm gonna study my audition and
I did just that they've never been on a
book right
sorry what all those gold medals ancient
Egyptian security second book attention
I say umbrellas for making any sense to
me most importantly do not forget to
like it subscribe but and then after I
did that I learned that that doesn't
help at all you can't work out hard and
also focus on studying what I mean you
can't it's just very difficult that's it
oh I'm here nice and sweaty and sweaty
and sweaty I have to leave in like 20
minutes to go to this audition I have to
shower after study my lines asked to
upload yesterday's vlog I got to see
what's up tomorrow I got to see what
system average I got a few fireball
tomorrow these are all things that need
to get done
okay buddy how you doing bro are you
working brah maddening look at this guy
doing a people it's me Pete must make
pppp not really broken mark I'm not
doing anything it's kind of funny
we're here I think the low gang likes it
though dude don't put the Logan likes it
whoa whoa okay okay that's my boy
how are Y oh you say something like that
get a little suspicious maverick
all right easy boy easy easy boy hey
what is that Bollywood Hey so good news
guys I called my agent I was like guys
I'm pressed for time I don't think I
know my audition well enough and they
moved it yeah yeah I heard now I have
about four hours to study which is a
bueno but actually in a little bit I'm
still headed to Santa Monica for the
season finale of that show I did force
them we're having like a watch party or
some things are going live on Facebook
I'll clearly have no idea what the point
is it's going down down to the ground
but it just makes me happy you know I go
gives me a chance to breathe and
breathing is always good because if you
don't breathe you fucking die also got
on these packages in the mail today
everyone loves packages you know oh I
hope it's not fragile every day I open
this refrigerator and I say to myself
what can I eat for breakfast so I have
some meals ready to go but as you can
see the supply is dwindling if only
there was someone to save me in this
time of need and I think they're here my
boy came to save the day
yeah bro oh my god you're here Oh
yo so he brought the good good this time
not only do I have so many options here
but this stuff Carmy the personal chef
texted me about this stuff this is some
kind of magical like bra she said after
or before my workouts I can use it to
fortify not strengthen my muscles or
help with recovery no no fortify just
lets do like a little empty bc bc with
nothing like a little as a shot it's a
little shot like it's a little
itsy-bitsy shot there - here we go don't
mess us up Logan yeah oh I get it
okay let's see what we're twerking is
here right wow it tastes like the liquid
that's left over after you eat chicken
noodle soup pretty good halo no okay
dude I don't know who this is Bryce look
I'm going to talk oh my god yeah oh here
we go
first off maverick is in the corner
actually I'm gonna go read it with
maverick yeah I'm gonna read first off
yo logan hope you're doing well I mean
of course you are you're a savage can't
wait to see you in the 2020 Olympics
I'll be sure to dab from my couch while
I watch also congrats on two million
hashtag loge agrilife subscribers this
is a movie poster I created for the fun
of it I hope you enjoy it maybe one day
you can make a movie like this I'll be
the first in line to see it a little
more serious no I look forward to your
vlogs every day keep up the savage work
and keep killing it in life your videos
inspired me and get me pumped every day
Derek Derek Derek yeah Derek maverick we
thank you yes thanks buddy so let me ask
you this day this is like high quality
like it's six that's what she said yeah
oh my god
yeah oh my god it's called savagery the
movie a film by the low gay there's me
in the middle of you guys see mark and
George in maverick you wouldn't know
this vlog life you wouldn't know this
long line it is actually incredible and
here's why first off Derek thank you bro
like I love this clearly tons of effort
was put into this me and my best friends
with Los Angeles where I live in the
background and then these subliminal
messages like this stuff in association
with savage pictures a hashtag blog dude
for the stood near the violence of
violet costume designer amanda cerny
editor Jake Paul badass vlogger Logan's
mom
director of photography George mama
coming this summer oh my god I do this
I'm sorry
shy move on and show you guys something
else in my life matters though also
another reason I'm impressed so this
picture of me is actually two pictures
like I made this face in a different
photo and he put it on my body in this
photo and then put maverick on my hand
the photoshopping is like 10 layers deep
here
Oh bro dude bro baby Derek there you
don't know Derek oh yeah oh yeah yeah
there's a DC for Mama everything I got I
got the second roll dough because front
of your ass I'm talking about
oh what the fuck
come on ba I love this bro
I loved it for all wait when I win I
have to march ahead he's like I've never
seen George wear that maybe photo
sausages he fucked up my whole body in
Mavericks but that's not be no way to
diss up your head
maybe it's Derek's body there was like
there what's up my ipod I need to get
the height gasps double Mikey so
collectible art looks so perfect
that's Bart you look like a baseball
with a good smile Hey
yo so that was really cool that might
have been my favorite gift that I've
received to date no we might have to
make a movie now savagery the movie
sorry bro I'm just logging my life away
alright okay it's okay sure to LIKE and
subscribe I am studying my audition and
I finally feel like I have it down
actually before my audition is that for
some finale viewing party so let's break
and do a breath why the motherfucking
party did I guys watching the show Wow
how are you blogging
I don't know this blog was just Cameron
trying to vlog it's okay buddy just give
it up oh really what are we doing here
bro you're on your bike really nice
clothes yes in reality I think we're
doing some sort of question-and-answer
while we're watching the episode I'm not
really sure what I mean I'm here you
know we're out here we're doing it the
question is what was the most awkwardest
nice seeing you each had to do what I
have to make out with girls at you know
8:00 a.m. library every day sorry
that was awkward go when you're moving
together he starts like pussy with me
that actually happened on the show
okay so that was a good time right now
I'm kind of just strolling around Santa
Monica getting my final minutes of
practices but yoke in the low gang you
guys can you do me a favor right now
take out your phones and dial
nine-one-one because I'm about to murder
this ha ha ha I'm so goofy dude also I
gotta say my decision to move the
audition to 4:30 instead of 12:30 Wow
yeah I will forget scheduling job gosh
whoa I don't know what came over me
we are about to get got I will see you
guys to meet chip and let you know how
it goes hey guys it's me Logan
so I sat there for one hour and I waited
I waited for them to call my name and I
waited and I sat there and waited all I
wanted to hear was kids Logan Paul it's
your turn that's all that's all I wanted
to hear
I was sitting so long and I said to
myself I don't like this then they call
my name I went in and killed it that's
about it let's go home I am back home
and guess who's here boy dude imagine
yeah I'm going to show you you can see
it to Erica's here but mainly you
Freddie wrote ready we're making a movie
bro fans of duty they made it bro while
these guys behind me talk about their
love interest
I got another package in the mail this
one actually says open on camera so I'm
going to pause it here then open on this
cable but what happens if it's oh oh
well here we go yep yep you see it you
to play Biden hashtag well guys realize
there's a lot of interesting stuff in
this box we got a little ball here
sorry bro yo yo all this is cool Harvard
Square yo what's the reason I got enough
drugs for maverick we know that heat Oh
maverick choose up the carpet he makes
little nests and so we're I'm just gonna
give them these instead this is amazing
at first I was naked by the car before
and now I'm vibing with them we got a
Hulk smash because uh smash Ohio cause
I'm from Ohio yeah a nice little box
we'll see what this is in this box or
stuff that you're supposed to mask of
all the things inside not sure if that's
English felicity okay so just a bunch of
toys this one's a little confusing I
think because like you like smash it I'm
not sure they also sent me this shirt
this is live for now I love this motto I
don't want this for later I'm going
right
Yolo yeah guys cool these gifts are from
Natalie and Charlotte they are 11 they
said I in here and just know when they
grow up they want to be savages Natalie
Charlotte thank you guys I'm really
excited for the carpets where's this
gonna be good ma boy ma boy look come on
what yeah why are you running away from
this but you love tearing out my real
carpet look at this what he's doing my
men you're gonna take these carpet
squares you're gonna be thankful cause
he's getting kind of used to him now he
wants me to put him up here he's leading
me 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 except there's only 6
you yeah now I have carpet cetera so
have at it my brother maverick and on
that note that okay goodbye that is the
day guys thank you for watching as usual
I know these vlogs have been a little
maybe like shorter recently but it's
okay I just I'm on my li grind doing my
la thing right now this weekend I am
going to Houston for the Super Bowl here
with another big youtubers
yeah could be really fun and really
exciting to look forward to that I just
let me do my outro and then you can go
ahead and squawk all you want cool
thanks but I will see you guys tomorrow
low gang for life take it easy Sam
if you bitch
