Markham all right get it go bro
uh-oh guys yo good morning Logan oh now
I hit them notes and I'm also bad look
at me my face is swollen you know when
you wake up in the morning you're just
like that's now because I'm not tired I
just like I don't know dude I'm actually
about to go work out get a little pump
in because as you guys know you watched
my vlog tomorrow yesterday was Mikey day
and I'm something a little bloated right
now look also last night I made this
snail out of play-doh
check it out you see look at this look I
made this guy's play-doh it's cool huh
okay anyway good morning mark
oh hi mark hey Logan you have no shirt
on oh well I got a comment about those
my nipples yeah I just mom why does
Mark's nipples look like pimples that
really oh I thought it was a tit this to
me bro
damn I do have pepperoni miss good to
see you more why you have a condom on
your head
it's a beanie oh it's like a little
condom nope man is a beanie okay take
more - amazing I'm about to go work out
actually okay talk to you later
no bother hit the gym hit the gym hit
the can god damn I'm on point this
morning oh yeah bro look around guys
tell me what you see ready ready
cold hard Steve I'm not against time but
you guys see me work out like a lot so
I'm just going to get through this
quickly
boom and that's the workout I'm here
with mark now if you guys do not know
you should know mark is obsessed with
the house being clean Matt because of
you this is oh shut up this time was 900
percent you that's not my stuff but you
put it there look you move this table
here you look like why do you have a
loop for first stuff okay second off
this off this is yours bro yeah I didn't
make this nail light yeah you did but yo
the bottles and stuff admit with you
LP LP LP okay they're my bottle these
bottles are mine LP LP become of a bitch
we should clean up the house we'll clean
it up pepperoni net pimple nips we're
gonna get to work shortly here but right
now I got things to do everybody okay
cool talk to you later alright roommate
mark I'm leaving buddy gotta go get a
new camera because this one is broke
dick you laugh into that I just do it on
a ground approach I think we don't apply
I do need to get a new camera that's it
what happened to it
the broke leave the hospital I'm gone
that's my boy you guys might have
noticed I did not notice I have
something in my teeth is it right there
yeah I was going down the elevator and
someone's like oh by the way you have
something you'll see this is why I need
to get a new camera well good I don't
this is why I need to get a new camera
which I'm going to do right now but
anyways yes i'ma pointed it out to me
there like I was just like uh yeah i'ma
leave it there so yeah I'm gonna do that
I'm just gonna let it chill saved for
later okay I'm at the camera store I am
uncomfortably familiar with this place
why why must I break a camera every
month oh yeah because I do stuff like
this
hello baby
how are you I want to tell you that
you're going to have a long and
prosperous life but I don't know that
for sure you could easily end up like
your brother here destroyed we'll see
another $750 down the hatch
autofocus autofocus wait for it is it
focused Oh new camera I am going to open
it up and start blogging with this bad
boy shortly but first I need some food
Oh No okay that was easy look food I'm
talking chicken burger right just some
green beans type things it also looks
like my city has been swallowed by a
giant cloud is a little hope over there
but mainly this clouds Hollywood I also
noticed roommate Mark did clean the
house the counters clean the table is
back where it is nice nice so I got a
couple exciting things I want to mention
one tomorrow I am releasing the video I
made with V doing the rock jumps you
guys know me you know I love Dwayne
everything he stands for he is a legend
he's like a older bigger better Balder
version of me if I could exchange my
brother Jake ball for Dwayne the rock
Johnson I would do it but anyways yeah
this video is going live tomorrow here's
a little sneak peek I think I'm about to
headbutt him in this scene ready oh my
god is that just God just what the heck
I'll see that's all you get to see but
by the time this vlog is out this will
be live on Facebook Instagram Twitter
everywhere do me a favor go to oh my god
stop it beautiful side nose oh my god
see that's what I like to see now if I
was a good vlogger I'd set up a time
lapse
oh wait a sec is this all yet yeah baby
that's me time lapse ting that sunset ah
do I even need to say it I'm a vlogger
dude hashtag logging but yes do me a
favor go watch this video on my
Instagram at little bit Paul give it a
like give it a comment what should we
have the low game comment how much duh
well should we have you guys comment hmm
oh okay I got it
comments something about Dwayne and
Logan movies like you should make a
movie with him or like y'all should make
a movie to get
yeah well because I want to make a movie
with the rock that'd be sick so excited
for that and then I have one more really
big announcement uh that I'm not going
to say just yet it will be in today's
vlog but just not yet oh yeah I came to
George's Marx and George's you see his
hair there but also there's something
about mark oh my god hahaha you look
like a snake dude like oh yeah you look
like a slither a little snacky look what
the fuck you just make a funny with it
hey Lewis back your math mag mag oh my
pleasure I lost nine Where's George
you're the person who taught swear at
joy oh yeah this door lock yeah and kind
of good luck okay now it's not work
oh whoa take a shot with that dog with
the dog gasps I'm not kidding I made the
dog lay right here because I was
terrified for the three minutes I'll get
a shoddy is a killing
inaccurate consider what are you doing
in here oh I'm about to get we don't I
swear to god guys we do not plan this
which is on the same wavelength bro
smoke I can help you thank you
open your eyes turn this way yo why you
trust me to do this uh yo yo what are
you doing what you are you looking up
alright that's what happen I just look
straight bro so wait this is mark
where's max look Shane open your eyes
wide it's hard
you gotta got it you got it you got it
ah ah get it bro yo you're he's going go
grab it
fuck you alright get it go bro oh
alright
I'm looking to my camera to get this is
dumb alright George George get it oh I
give up on you know what he's my hand
right it's probably gonna make the low
gang cringe bro uh yeah see bro he won't
stop blinking it's your fault
wait you can no don't believe yourself
Scelzi come on bro you got it you don't
do that
maybe nationally yeah yeah get it get it
that's the mark I was not terrified you
in a row why bro we have a same color
hair what hey butters yeah
that's not terrified this is me and
butters bonding about our hair he just
beat your face off you actually like
this dog I'm not I'm not normally into
little dogs
well like this was all you do so sure
this was all curly huh Oh Oh what's up
got a diaper yeah a little bit good
choice what you're not a good time right
on but it's not amendment amendment well
I'll tell you what you fat little cameo
also guys I do have bad news
speaking of dog Roman Atwood dog just
passed away
Zeus the Roman bro we are sorry for your
loss stay strong we all love Zeus bro
he's in our minds right now to be honest
I don't know who he is but that's very
unfortunate you've never met Roman no I
know who Roman is I've never met the dog
oh not even know he had a dog my dog
Ozzy digging a hole deeper part of
something house will you stop what Wow
I had only one dog my whole life and I
kept in my back yard and the two
gentlemen jumped over my fence and
stolen chewy jello
Oh No yeah see I told you it's now my
fault you can't get this one bro I can't
help starting to get a lazy eye forget
it bro you're so close get it get it
where is it yo it's the promised land
huh what do you mean it's it's covering
up a bits of your eye bro come on mark I
see the light at the end of the tunnel
you're about to score the touchdown bro
you're about to get it broke in my
brother
I'm gonna do for my boy my boy good boy
okay the next item on the agenda today
is a screening another screening of my
movie airplane mode so basically with
the screening is the most of the movies
not out yet but we show it to an
audience to get their reaction basically
this is a test to see what jokes in the
story are working if the story is
working bla bla bla
yo I actually invited a lot of low
gangsters like I put this on my snapchat
for 30 minutes I was like send an email
to this if you live in the Los Angeles
area yo who the fuck you calling me bro
lie about that loss my cool there for a
sec hello I'm smash 11 Nicola nice yeah
one of the many benefits of having me on
snapchat at Logan pool I think my dad
and my brother are here too so let's go
fine on it yeah so this is the one who
shot the movie this is cold
he's a semi that look really pretty go
and you're pretty broker created this is
gone weird ro yo easy just was doing my
voice this is one half of the directors
whiskey so sorry and a listen you had a
plan I like this plan okay so I'm going
to go introduce Michelle hey guys
unfortunately Lotus Mohan Bagan today so
sorry and going online and then I
realize I'm not explaining our senior
year right after desert and blessing the
drug I get down and go what's up okay
Wow okay so they're going in right now I
can't take down the door because it
opens the wrong way well I'm still gonna
be something one clapping okay hey guys
everyone thank you all for coming is my
brother here do you make videos on
YouTube vine dog finds that bro recipe
give me your thoughts bro I'll ask
really really hard you think it's too
much it's a lot yo because so hot but
it's a lot but it soul it like commit
start to finish
it may just is going to change your
world like people watch is really what
you think awesome everybody I go see yo
I'm not just saying yeah it's alright
it's great Jay King so many great parts
of it everybody's laughing I was logging
the crowd bosses are you what a few
vlogs Oh what kind of camera is done
first off okay get my face pick it up I
undo the that's my boy you a my boy what
are you vlogging with a big camera now
bro yeah yeah live - how about this huh
I got you camera stand always good even
that was this equal one we're on it why
would you do that for the vlog yo still
fine oh yeah I got Joe added its rugged
so I guess I'm with the low gangsters oh
no what did you guys think of the movie
yeah if you are under there anyone under
the age of 17 here yeah no wait what
this movie is rated R oh yeah anything
for you oh my girl for example she'll
make a shirt a custom-made shirt that
says you wouldn't know this log life
hashtag blogged oh mighty oh this is
amazing
actually I told these guys these low
gangsters that I had an announcement and
that announcement is later in the week
I'm releasing my first peach piece of
March Saturday's Saturday's vlog
everyone be ready because it's going to
be perfect we get a group hug
mm go one down okay low gay I am home I
said before I'll say it again I love I
love I Rick in love meeting you guys you
become more than a number you know more
than a subscriber like you guys actually
believe it or not means something to me
but enough of that cheesy bullsh
I'm going to bed however I have some
more good news okay so originally I said
the video of what the merch was going to
be released Saturday I do not know that
for sure okay it's going to be released
near the end of the week but keep an eye
out for it because because I got a
callback for that big audition that I
had the other day the one that I said I
didn't do good on the one that I said
was the biggest audition of my life a
callback meaning I'm going in I get to
reach for the director and yeah so it's
big big news I am excited and on that
note I will see you guys tomorrow
take it easy fans
if you bitch oh sorry butters I scare
you
