and by the power invested in me I now
pronounce you husband and wife you may
kiss the bride oh yeah good morning okay
what is awesome as you guys know this is
Elijah he's the one letting me be the
priest and his wedding today yo this is
why I don't know what's going on right
oh you know I'm so freaking excited not
loaded today today I will be knowing his
father fall no one no one's calling me
Father
everyone is covered by the fall - my
boss is my boy what was that all right
father father's for what about last
night oh don't know the bachelor party
who is the scene straight out of the
hangover that's a fact I heard so a bit
$5,000 on Slough oh yeah I did that
hello fat smoking in my hand I host
$5,000 cash definitely a lot of money
you guys want this what's the chat too
bad can happen cuz it's mine honestly
we've been manifesting to W the whole
day so movie W meaning win we're going
to win there's no chance of losing 50-50
chance of winning $10,000 or $0 let's do
this
now you're in
okay I'm right I never let the top part
and they never do yeah drove out one
month ago this man reached out to me and
said Logan will you marry me
hey my wife oh yeah I can do that I was
like yo this is such a good opportunity
like you have to do this before you die
you have to Ron sit out the bucket
that's what we're doing buddy oh yeah we
checked for a little bit endive in this
conversation took place I want to marry
you and your wife cuz what do I need to
do any like official documentation the
hardest thing is I just have to kind
like this one church the note for it and
they'll just make you ordained for the
day
I'm gonna marry you and your fiancee in
Las Vegas it sounds better car rah rah I
cannot believe how easy that was no yeah
yeah we talk later you guys will be very
surprised how easy it is to get a
license to marry people
oh we're good we just have to contact
the county clerk's office and loving
attention so I think it says unless it's
not
and clearly we know kinetic on 30 bucks
you walk you marry him we do very very
well give 100% you are a high yeah
usually married yes there's a club yes I
thought they're just gonna be like oh we
just wanted no bro no no I'm so father
Paul I'm so out here cuz you know you
actually have to be prepared like
there's things you have to say yeah I do
you know that I know I guess cuz I did
it yeah you're right on your hand I
think I have to like you know how like
you have to say certain things to have
it like the power invested in me you may
kiss the bride I don't know any of that
let me show you how official I am
nothing more you give that out of like a
high school choir I think I did with
compliers comrade or option there's no
question about this if you're not going
to hold a my wedding I don't want you
there all right Golda why do you do so
what is crunch time we're going to take
pictures like seven minutes so you boys
go go get ready
hi bro I'm out I'm about to go get some
food what I'm gonna go get food Oh need
money okay mom I'm good thanks hey gobo
5k I'm black
still floats you joking right obviously
I'm joking about my hardware cache come
on hey come on
good morning Spencer for me that's
moving that good morning girl how are
you just getting ready to drop myself
let's go oh no good morning bro morning
oh I don't think so I know it's super
douchey to be like go go look at my cat
bro what I'm just really happy I just
got really lucky and I'm happy it's only
good money is the only thing that makes
me happy anymore what get it I love
logic calm down father Paul you're a
priest today George and Spencer went to
go get food which is good because I'm
getting angry and I can't be a hangry
fries no one likes a hangry Brisebois
imma kill over here if that's cool yeah
there's my boy there's my boy my boy oh
they're driving my baby - looking so
sexy in this Vegas Sun yeah I also have
to while I eat I think I'm gonna
actually write my vows oh wait I don't
think they're my vows I don't know how
this works I'm gonna write down what I
need to say is I haven't looked at that
one yo are you just now riding this dad
how do I get married in like 30 minutes
have you even looked at this yeah I am
I'm ready bro just let me do my thing
I'm not ready for this rule what's up
with the red burrito I've never seen
such a thing you have 30 minutes to get
ready to talk about a bit later on the
red roll you're afraid should be slanty
sort of a bitch on this today yo you for
swearing and my wedding well being the
good fianc√©e he is he wanted me to
check if this is okay to wear right what
she said she said is good he said it is
good to go to brunch she said Sac State
is gravy I think you might have been
prompted on that a little bit I'm
shooting after that okay but you just
cool with it yeah okay cool look yeah I
didn't check rhythmically she's angry at
him it's gonna be too late Kristin I
just want if you're watching this vlog
and this obsess you apologies in advance
seeing how ill-prepared I am last night
was a little hard for me
I was getting nervous dude I have a lot
of responsibility on my hands
responsibilities look how many syllables
is that dude I did not have this red
burrito in my hands right now I'd be
freaking out a little bit I still got to
write that stuff in the Bible all this
is a disaster hood afternoon slash
evening everyone on behalf of Elijah and
Kristen go I'm not going write all this
down this is so long I'm not ready
always I want to do this just just one
Yelp what would you do this let me have
them
Elijah convicted I've been right on
tinder on me I'm half of oh I think this
is where they're doing the whole
ceremony on the beach with people in the
gazebo again I'm not really sure I feel
like this whole day we're just kind of
winging it you have any idea
no because it's gonna be tough we have
to set up cameras and substitue capture
all that goodness I think what I'm going
to do is probably snipe from the rooftop
you're going to go up there I think so
we're dude these are beyond blogs really
dude move we're making movies out here
dude I'm Spielberg I'm not a vlogger I'm
a seal burger burger burger burger -
yeah burger hey nothing like a little
round of golf before the biggest day of
your life oh you gotta get drugs drugs
something the chosen thumbs knock-knock
jokes jokes tonight oh thanks Joe so as
the minister as father Paul I am like
the middle man so I can go check on the
girl on that they look so beautiful my
heart is just melting
it's candid it's a candid photo
it's candid oh this is crazy this is
getting very real very fast
oh god I'm nervous hi I really already
intermarried we're getting married menu
so I seven rating at home oh yeah yeah
ready you're ready maybe not me I know I
like to have everything big
I want to marry them where yeah what I
do I faith in you know Parker I do you
know what I'm just kidding I do I do
how's the browser Michigan's right you
probably thought sorry I was talking
okay how are you feeling great I'm
getting married today are you nervous I
am nervous got like 15 minutes of sleep
oh oh I was talking about so you're
getting married but we all got no sleep
y'all here boys I sound like a man no no
you sound great
you look phenomenal making me want to
get married one day anyways I'm so
excited for you and thank for it thanks
for uh trusting me to when you yeah
can't wait that could be so much fun oh
my god I cannot stop dude I just talked
to the bride-to-be TRO
she said she's having jobs
hahaha I should not be making that joke
Oh
I can't say it was one moment that I
fell in love Kristen it's every little
moment that she was always there when I
needed her and I told her that I wanted
to backpack across Europe with my good
job to do it and just start making
videos like any normal girl is that that
crazy there's no way she said I want you
to do that
you when you're 70 you can look back and
say you did what your high life
experience in our daily life I'm cutting
through and push me out of my company
salaries Alliance and little sweetheart
you kind of scary with it
well you really excited to be every day
things dude you know it'll be cool
waking up and rolling over and not
checking my smartphone instead looking
this girl under our eyes I hope you guys
today economic times wake up and feel
comfortable next I'm definitely most
nervous about her cooking she's never
met cook I've never been a judgment I
hope she is pretty same guy
okay so tensions are high right now
everyone's pretty nervous including
myself I had to take a swig of some
alcoholic so if you're going to loosen
me up a bit
you
on behalf of Elijah and Kristen I would
like to welcome you to their special day
today marks the day that Elijah and
Kristen seems to be two individuals but
become one individual family unit
Elijah will you take Christian to be
your wife will you love her honor her
comfort and keep her in sickness and in
health forsaking all others so long as
you both shall live
Kristen we take Elijah to be your
husband where you love him honor him and
submit to him in sickness and in health
forsaking all others so long as you both
shall live
what symbol of your love do you give as
a seal of these vows Univ just focused
Kristen do you accept this ring as a
symbol of Elijah's love and there's a
seal of these vows just focus
coming mess it up a little bit please
place this ring on the finger of
Kristen's left hand is my first time
doing it the first ever Kristen what
symbol of your love you give as a seal
of these vows justice Oh
Elijah you accept this ring as a symbol
of Christmas love and of the feel of
these vows just spoken
Kristen please place this ring on the
ring finger of Elijah's left hand for
psssss pretty ring sorry got distracted
and by the power invested in me by a $30
gift certificate I bought online in the
state of Nevada and also that vlog life
I now pronounce you husband and wife you
may kiss the bride
ah
you
oh my god yo that was deep bro deep deep
right there her life was changed today
and it was yours bro congratulations
seriously though you throw and can I
just can I thank you from the bottom of
my head for letting me partake in the
marriage and and trusting me and all
that jazz and blah blah blah
you killed it you think silver I'll
start you killed it thank you both if
you guys want to check out these guys
channel these are the bucket list the
link will be in the description they're
dope that's why we hung out together and
make a baby
wait is that yo yo go away if you if you
when you guys have a baby can I deliver
it shoot this that part to God please
the vlog needs apart - that's a lot of
horrible stuff if you have a baby I'm
delivering it mark my words in the vlog
so subscribe now one more thing ro I
want this vlog I want the low gang to
get this block - 167,000 like smash that
like like that get like but I love you
guys take it easy I will see you
tomorrow
wait wait wait except there's one more
thing I want to give you for what you
got keys me like ha ha ha ha the goodra
now don't ever do that
take it easy guys I don't see
three two one
