heyyo good morning low gang what pop me
Spencer and George George George George
come here bro we're doing my vlogging
what yeah yesterday me Spencer and
George drove to Las Vegas it was a
four-hour drive we made it to because I
was going really fast 169 miles an hour
to be exact we are all running on three
hours of sleep for the second night in a
row
oh you said half-hour oh my god you're
so cool George you're so cool George
this whole we get what no are you Hector
okay come on the boys not over stop this
whole weekend it's full of epicness like
this might be the best like weekend of
epicness ah but right now we are going
dude yo I'm wrecking time you say it
dune buggy
dude buggy buggy buggy buggy rest of our
group is in there watching safety video
I was in there too but I don't want to
watch it so I stepped out to do my vlog
intro
I'm not watching the video girl what am
i rookie and now we're here baby videos
aren't that important no dude come I
know how to drive a dune buggy you know
what I noticed about Las Vegas problem
it was cold dude I gotta warm up dude
this is on my phone baby I'm gonna let
you know right now if you broke anything
and the verdict is not guilty I'm on a
new level
oh yes oh yeah I feel like only bad
things can happen if I'm put in one of
these
hahaha yeah yeah I die do they do them
so down let's not forget the fools that
are doing this with me ladies and
gentlemen boys and girls I give you the
box yeah names go Elijah
wait hice brother Li Li si J yeah that's
a girl's name that's Alicia bro
so frickin the names in the business oh
whoa easy Alicia don't go yeah
don't go there go George you dropped
your phone for that jungle the heart
drop oh yah oh yah do the thing earlier
and your phone is oh there's something
very special about Alicia here
well the I shot whatever you want okay
it's actually the reason I'm in Las
Vegas
I've been married boy and wait wait you
remarried I'm Sumathi boy no no I'll
only clarify we're not marrying each
other it's not that I'm against it or
anything I got it 2017 you're a guy you
wanna marry guy like you can do that
actually wait a second Donald Trump is
president anymore is that so yeah I'm
the one who's like yo take your hand in
marriage you may now kiss the bride at
his wedding like I got officiated and
everything is going to be legit Lee
doing George yo yo yo yo
the make it just died 2016 oh and your
YouTube channel ah yes I'm definitely
taking this American flag buggy what I'm
grinding look at this guy my man it's my
brand dude it's like my regular porn
I don't care it's my brand this one is
mine get the Thrasher it's Alicia's
bachelor party but like it I'm just
saying it's my brand dude I even brought
my American like look at this this is
this action joke dude I'm so dead ass
right now
okay so don't go time to leave your size
I gotta say the American Hong the
American funny-looking fly no
boom that was a rather good time for
time to house the bachelor party so far
this is a bet Alicia what what nothing
watch chicka chicka yo he's on of it was
now we're going to race exotic cars
that's right you know I'm trying to get
that Lambo whoa are you ready to race
exotic cars yes all right let's do this
picnic Las Vegas Motor Speedway let's go
it's gonna be dope dude all ready let's
go give you the car oh holy yeah look at
these cars look at these colors so
clearly all of these cars are phenomenal
and one day I will own all of them but
not today except I've been eyeballing
this one from my car oh my God look at
this Lambo is such a sexy vehicle if I
had the choice of like a lifelong lover
like wife type person or this I would
probably choose the white because it's
more fulfilling but still this is dog
dude Oh jokes aside I heard homey stay
you mean your driver's license yeah I
don't have it no you can I'm coming here
without a traffic oh yeah this is my job
is lazy stop or whoa I don't have a
picture of it on your phone Oh Oh does
that work yeah hi my driver's license oh
if I have a picture of it did that work
I'm a picture of it but I lost my wallet
you have to pass never password I mean I
don't know if that counts comical you
look yeah time you Logan going nervous
oh no I don't think we get a lot of job
time I'm gonna find a right now Mike
Kelly ID don't eat and then yeah yes
Robin so regarding my license problem I
think we're going to be okay right now
they're making us do a what is this a
safety course I think there's a safety
cord 20 minutes my guy 20 minutes I got
a eight-minute cut off so it's gonna be
rough all that's all here with endless
time so hot today I'm just trying to get
like a bar you want to raise real car
you put in the right hours of you one
little question but Republicans want to
show you the bathroom right now
repository or cosmic - are quite simple
listen right now we're debating what the
wager is for who gets the fastest lap
time the loser loses we don't know what
it is though someone shoot ideas go go
go go some midget lap dance from the
loser has to put 5k on black $5,000
unruly I'm gonna do anyways actually
when you bet lik the tires right up
herpes hepatitis B so we've chosen that
loser whoever gets the slowest lap time
has to belly flop into the pool from the
top of the gazebo I'm in row so he
actually spit on his head
Oh
let's do this ha ha I'm Way too big for
this row I can do the splits but I can't
get in the Lambo Oh God Wow my goal you
can help you find a racer
you'll go got a deal don't they
savage level maximum
you
so just as my calculations had predicted
I got under actually my simulation time
I got 58 seconds yeah I'm not gonna lie
I have never been more focused in my
life forgot about everything was just I
became one with the track I'm a frickin
driver bro or the Lamborghini CEO I know
you want to involve hey make sure to
LIKE and subscribe B if you want to give
to me a Lambo I'm bound going to belly
flop bro nah you know I'm gonna come out
there and tell you I don't know that lo
game I'm tired I'm gonna do this to your
boy but I'm gonna do it nah haha so I
missed the take-off but this is Alisha
behind me
okay okay honestly I'm not nervous I
grew up racing cars that's not true at
all but yeah I'm not nervous
serious let's the other one how was it
champ oh my god I've never felt anything
really big dude man man II forgot how to
speak English I'm vlogging everyone's
vlogging whatever everyone know what
Yugi but the time no I'm not now it's on
the 8.9 oh wait wait I don't know cuz I
forget what decibel I got 58 George good
luck buddy thanks buzz you got it
honestly I'm lying he doesn't got it no
one's got it but me
I want my man to get a good time he
could be me I don't care I just don't
him to belly flop you know it's my boy
man just my blood Georgie's coming in
and don't you smile I don't think he's
trying to row he looked he looks upset
it's determined if you have to belly
flop or not I don't want to do it I mean
married tomorrow you talking to it and
get it up click he's like this is what
you should have oh I feel bad George
does not look at me Oh bro that means
that means you lost now you'd be good
though
Joey I was afraid she go that's all I
lost can I Lily was louse Fleischman
office that's what he told me bro but
then I listed it he's a professional and
you're not he's a story
I want my Lily violence enough market
are slit you should've rode it slit I
was like crap don't be an devil one
really one for the day play 500
homie takes the cake so Cullen - it's
all about the brakes I want to know how
to sing get your puts everything at your
presenters again people John a said the
presenters again but you push the brakes
better I'll push the brakes better hear
that break it's not like we just arrived
back at the crib Oh guys this house is
actually amazing I didn't get the
matching yet because we were out all day
what how sick is is I don't know this is
incredible except it's not dude yo I
think it was you oh boy y'all right you
where are you going you lost the bet you
lost the bet you got to do it now bro
okay so I'm about to give you this house
tour here's like a little niblet of it
but look at this I walk in the spot
where we're staying it's the pool house
what are you doing my man you are
disappointing so many people George do a
belly club you walk Georgie you don't
belly flop right out like this needs to
happen singing it's dark I said I'll do
it yeah but you got to do now bro you
know what hey hey hey I got some of you
I'm gonna get a hot story without you
bro no get off of me bro the worst a
Syrian friend I've ever had
so I respect your racing skills I
respect you as a human being and I just
want everyone to know his name is Elijah
this is a lie it's not Alicia it's
Elijah you're not just saying that I do
know man I mean it Logan my boy all
right now let me show you show me this
place bro cuz this is sick Jesus bro
this is it
this is the squad row friends family hi
hi everyone everyone loves a good
fireplace bro including myself we got a
TV gone to the TV kitchen kitchen
kitchen hi hi and then the front door
and we are out in the corner of the
house go go for it you got this bro
Tiger Woods oh oh oh
yo he made it oh wow I wouldn't do that
was sick oh my god well we got some me
we got a big shit bro why oh this is the
bride this is a rod amazing yo everyone
is so excited for this including myself
tomorrow's vlogs with me maximum witness
but tonight tonight oh my god peaking a
little too much oh this is incredible
this is where George's sleeping for the
weekend so why is he in there rope Joe
jog what are you doing buddy want to
take a nap take it in here you loser
I don't even know what all this stuff is
here so in stone tiles couples retreat
oh you know I'll be going in here this
weekend so getting out King Kong calm
down yeah sit I go is this a hot tubs
awesome all right that's one high dive
down we got the waterslide we got
another waterside walk the plank hot tub
number two what I can't make this a lazy
river
I thought you who is just staying here
right before we did boof I think her
name in dude Jenner's Kendall I know you
watch my vlogs
a make sure to LIKE and subscribe be
with some girl I are just saying at the
same house that I'm at just want to come
back you more than well because dudes
couples of street is right over there
dude this is you know how much this
house would cost if we wanted to live
here kaneki's 1 million so joke I'm
buying this house one minute out I'm
done I'm sold correct me if I'm wrong is
that a third hot tub that's a third hot
tub
that's incredible let me show you my
personal favorite part of this whole
play okay we're gonna lose it okay
yo is this the master bedroom
yo what if that's what I think it is I'm
not even luck oh my god there's a mirror
on the ceiling
lads Josh oh can you take your wife in
here your future what I think she I
think she is to give us a shot dude
no I'm saying there's a chance you want
to smush Brenda
me no yes
clearly this house is incredible I am
excited for you bro I am very excited
for you tomorrow's vlog of me
officiating the wedding between him and
is Beyonce
it's going to be really just I don't
know what them we're thinking when you
when you decided to let me do this jaw
didn't everything she'd reply oh why
don't I reply well I reply done and it's
going down tonight is his bachelor party
so it's going to get Okoye local and I'm
also not joking I think I'm going to put
$5,000 on black meaning I'm gonna spend
five dollars and like you either win
another five thousand you lose like that
come on George I'm going to make him
belly flop later it's going to be at the
very end of the vlog like past the end
car so stay and watch that make sure you
subscribe now I'll just aside make sure
you subscribe you do not want to miss
this he oculus boys Okafor signing off
we will see you guys tomorrow
take it easy fam see what disappeared
and you can't have that a sit
give it in this I'm just going to do
this leg
belly flop again you can't do it do it
go go go yo yo you are such a girl you
are such a girl
