heyyo good morning Logan what - it is
5:30 a.m. right now I'm currently on my
way to set actually not currently I'm I
should be on my way instead of vlog but
shortly I will be on my way to set and
let me tell you bro it's early ah 5:30
a.m. push it push me a little bit yeah I
don't know about Deborah see it's even
earlier it's 5:20 9:00 a.m.
Real Talk all I gotta say is we out here
and now we are most definitely out here
check this island by the way neighbors
and sorry for screaming haha just
kidding no I'm not you wouldn't know
this vlog life anyway let's keep going
good I believe I am here oh wait a
second have you guys seen my movie the
spinning out now on YouTube ready shot
that here we shot that in this building
wow that's amazing glad you two met
which I guess makes sense because we
shot in the basement there and I think
that's what we're shooting today ah but
I have to find my people and also food
because your boys hungry some food on
the grow I'm sorry I'm late traffic jam
and it was out a traffic jam hey so I
was just involved by the way there was a
traffic jam yeah one of the most
frustrating things is when you think you
can leave early enough to get to set on
top time and you can't because there's a
traffic jam at 5:30 in the morning that
doesn't happen anyway what I was saying
was I was informed with the first choice
outside and like I said it's like cold
noodle is that's okay you don't know me
I'm a shadow jacket and I'm just like
trying to wake myself up by like
screaming and like using myself and I
think it's working this next door
through that very thin ratchet-ass wall
I hear my girl before I could say hello
I have to get makeup right now they're
making it look like I got the crap
kicked out of me which obviously does
not happen in real life
themselves but this is a short film you
know we're in Hollywood that's what we
do have look at the blood and then the
black up and then that lot but also I
got that morning voice right now the
real awesome doors internalize though if
we lock the door and turn the lights
down low put some music on this I woke
up I did hey oh my god like there's no I
did oh yeah look like I got beat up this
is the said dude this is the first
location a nice little alleyway looking
bueno I think the first shot of the day
is a fall this guy is supposed to be me
no can you move not you this this guy
right here you see is like mafias hair
like look you look like me yeah you go
drop some up there oh my option why man
I do this because this is what it's like
Johan you might brilliant you don't lie
guys they won't let me do it trust me I
want to do this so bad action
cut my son the little bro haha can't
help you prepare hot air go does that
hurt no we're all good you okay good
thank you okay yeah it's kind of soft
not really it oh yeah I know she's here
no she is all yeah but there just isn't
coffee that's my girl
hi how are you no words just embracing
okay cool yo she's falling yo men might
be oh my god she's taking this to a
point to look like a spy right now I
mean like coaches sunglasses Austin's
this me as Doughboy huh since my first
scene with Amanda is on the roof which
we are headed to right now and by the
way this is sick I think in the script
we're supposed to be in Columbia and
like okay this doesn't look like
Columbia but it looks ratchet yeah bro
like check this place out we got this
rooftop we got we got that rooftop
I'm just saying bro when it comes to
rooftops we cut off here we go dude we
are climbing and rooftop dropped on
television this is a fight scene plots
and ninjas intense intense stuff
fighting as you can imagine as my stunt
double
looking out thinking among life his wife
kids what the future holds for him look
at this sexy beast that's what I'm
talking about hell yeah I mean bro it's
a head of hair like that you can't go
wrong we got some ninjas over here look
at this guy chop chop die oh this girl
looks like a badass oh I'm terrified of
her look at that sword you wanna chop me
open baby hey what's up girl I see with
that story this is good because some
things I look for like we just you guys
know when I'm trying to find a
girlfriend we go to Mars you got
personality able to wield a sword is
they're all very important things for me
Oh
get'em die bang bang bang nice how about
that rehearsal a minute
anything mr. platts woman oh you've
gotten sick oh my god yellows yeah right
other yellow oh my god oh she looks like
a back hey girl
looking good pulling out her sword oh
damn two sexy girls sexy girl number one
girl number that okay time to beat them
that's how you fight wash and learn
Logan Paul wrong so what I don't think
the directors are producer or anyone
knows about me or cannot tell us I'm a
pale white boy and that means the Sun
right there you see in the center of the
frame there is giving me sunburn I'm
gonna get farmers hand out the wazoo bro
and we have a shirtless scene where I'm
like trapped in a chair later you know
it could be bad I'm gonna be red right
here and just pale ray Oh God
okay so before we go inside we were
doing the full yeah check this out so my
son doubles in the jump from here and
land on this thing hopefully he does not
land in this area unfortunately guys the
stunt coordinator is right yeah is there
and I just had a 20-minute conversation
with him about why I am not allowed to
do this he's like bro you have a stunt
double like he that's what he's here to
do I'm like yo I do this for a living
cuz have you seen my vlog I'm always
jumping off hope this ain't nothin look
oh really what I understand it's a
liability and whatever like your
liability cuz he's already practicing I
whatever saying I'm just young and dumb
I want to do dumb stuff you got these
adults here trying to stop me someone's
about to catch a bull I've planned on
walking away from that saying while I
could have done better but that was
actually great I still think the most
impressive thing about this guy is his
hair I mean come on look at this bro
that's a beautiful head of hair right
there and on that now let's get some
food okay what do I see here well you
guys remember these rumor has it that if
you're able to blow off all the
dandelions is this a dandelion whatever
if you if you blow all these things off
I'm ruining it your wish comes true I
kind of cheated but here we go I wish to
have 1 billion YouTube subscribers
okay what do we got what do we got them
foil more foil more foil right being me
more me lettuce with being feel like
this is a Mexican lunch like I'm no
cultural expert but this is definitely
Mexican you know it's hotter than alien
chick getting lunch and alien chick
getting healthy lunch asking was that
salad okay with that a while men and I
were on the rooftop kicking ass across
the way you could see play animal clinic
for dogs not just see it here it here
yes so Amanda was worried these dogs
wouldn't shut up and we were shooting
and she's worried the dog to be like
slaughtered or something it sounded
really like sometimes every day is like
a thousand dogs if I would stop she's
like you'll be someone like killing
these dogs yes I gotta find out what's
going on so we're gonna go on a little
rescue mission across the street and
maybe save some dogs take some dogs on
this mission ha ha ha ha XR unfold why
did you walk that what your hands are
dirty from your Paco's it's got Mexican
I'm just saying if I see a dog worthy of
being Logan Paul Savage master Grande
dog I'm getting it North Central
Animal Shelter look see get a great new
pet here yeah and they even have Comic
Sans font you'll the place is classic
that of the week is a little puppy named
Sherlock you will go for adoption this
Friday to be my life right ok oh my god
there's so many dogs here look at this
guy
what up guys ok I can't be here right
now oh god I'm sorry
see he wants me oh you're not supposed
imagine mater just told me a lesson what
decides this whole like this whole thing
and over
like all of it all of it is gone and if
I see a job worthy of being pet I'm a
pest that mother what I do how are you
bro
you got no ear I'm not supposed to press
you but you look super cute look at this
guy
oh my god I have to fight this thing
he's loving it
hey I know you he doesn't do you think
no one is torturing the dog because if
one dog barked another dog bark and then
eventually all the dogs are barking you
guys have to worry about getting some
accuracy of being adopted this just
turned into a PSA commercial Georgia and
every day you can save a life donate now
and April cookie or tomorrow ha ha
I found the beat up on the beat that's
right that's my boy bro hi doggie hi lol
how are you bub oh yeah my brother
literally just made a vlog where he went
through an animal shelter as well I've
been kind of copy and my brother lay
there right here a man has got God crawl
all these dogs started barking at me man
oh snap we got a jumper look at this go
we got it jumper jumper
second ad called me and wanted me to
come back to said they're looking for us
apparently that was not the move that
was very sad I'm glad I got the call
because like like in shock right now
are you sad that's almost worse than the
dogs being like beaten like actually no
it's not a horrible but I did still a
sad bro he is oh you'd optimum in you
want to make a difference for 10 cents
today you can donate in the top April
okay guys so we're getting ready for the
next scene these guys are putting dirt
on me and boy was I right about this
sunburn can you guys see it oh no
besides the bicep sunburn is no Hockley
oh no what have we learned today white
people need sunscreen I could not have
said it better
do you surgery oh you do agent people
and white people need sunscreen but even
my face is red did this arm at all god
this is a disaster as the Sun sets it's
getting cold I can tell because of a
nipple car it's okay though we got this
thing that I mean that look that's cool
just a swordfish I love that just a
spear fish chilling on the wall
gosh no swordfish yeah casual yeah I'm
in my boxers for the scene as you guys
can tell us that which don't get real
Natalie also just a side note for my
dedicated low gangsters the
I did not think I did that well on
yesterday I actually made it to the next
round
meaning they passed my tape on to the
higher up of the movie which is a good
thing that that is a very good thing I
still wish I would have done better but
we made it to the next round bro well
gangsters alright let me show you the
set for the next spot oh snap you know
this is terrifying it's like a jail cell
oh my gosh look at this guy and it's
doing stuff on this silica his curly
hair and Wow
I'm the one who's like getting tortured
in this year's gonna be food I got ready
to shoot a short film dude hey guys ah
so there's gonna be an error for
something occasion
I'm not too hungry come on business
action oh now look at this guy what's he
doing on naked stuff y'all what you
caught off my nipples you go yeah bro
it's my nipples it's my ass yet g13 okay
I'm running back to I wipe this makeup
off my face in an alley where we started
but it is cold dudes like I said a
hundred times I feel like this vlog also
just started job being all about my
nipple which I'm actually like I'll be
okay with so I'm about to leave with you
guys know I love green screens and I
found one okay what can we do now dude
what can I be okay okay oh no I'm in
prison and I got one so cool hey I'm in
the Arctic yo hey Happy Feet oh no now
I'm in Candyland
love is everywhere dude you're green to
say brah anyways I'll see you guys in a
minute yeah oh so it's been a bit I am
back home and I'm tired dude as you can
imagine I mean that was a long day
there'll be a 13 hour day and we all
know this getting up early is nothing is
never fun but I want to be a movie so
these are the sacrifices I'm willing to
make I also just remembered we did not
say what's up to my boy maverick this
morning cuz he was sleeping what's up do
that it's how I doing hey bud hi how are
you you chillin what what do you been
doing all day bro
oh it's seven men okay cool okay now I
can slide off the vlog properly low gay
I love you like I said I'm tired but I'm
going to go work out and I will see
y'all tomorrow with the litmus level
will always be maximum so on that note
take it easy fast exhibition before I go
in I just want to fit this friendship
right here between this cat and his dog
that's like me a dog in the cat yeah cuz
I'm a
