okay so this is Logan playing engineer
connecting these two that to this is
that what is going on hello good morning
Logan what's poppin okay so let me start
by saying this vlog life is I'm not one
of the vloggers that I is always going
to bring the energy oh and there's
always going to be happy actually
probably the energy the energy I usually
have high energy like right now but
right now I'm not like super happy I'm
actually kind of pissed and there's no
one's flash there wait a second no is a
lot of people fall okay let's let's
let's backtrack and start with the
problem I'm working out like crazy like
two hours a day I'm eating healthy now
so I don't have as much energy the
result of this is an effect called being
hangry angry when you are so hungry that
your lack of food causes you to become
angry frustrated or both well guess what
okay I'm sorry you guys the low gang
that you have to experience this
you know what I'm saying no okay I get
it like if you're a fan of me you'll a
freaking love you bro when I'm in the
gym like I'm in the gym just let me work
out let me blow up let me do my thing
there's a lot of new young loggers and
Internet kids who moved into this build
and it's not just with me there are
constantly like shoving cameras in like
me my face Amanda stays georgeous is
just like oh my god I don't think you've
earned your spot to do that yet I don't
know you I'm not your friend
I'm your neighbor yes but we were not on
that level yet and then especially us
actually when I'm in the gym man I'm
training for the 2020 Olympics my focus
is sucks like this when I'm doing a
workout don't come and snapchat me
please and I know the kids do I'm
referencing you're gonna watch this vlog
yo this is daimler talking directly to
you guys do not do this please anymore
please I'm not the typical youtuber guys
I'm not all like the internet guy no
like I'm a savage I grew up 18 years in
Ohio I have a fire in my stomach I'm
constantly burning I'm hungry I'm passed
I went to the state championship for
wrestling I did MMA for four years all I
know is train and work hard don't sue me
don't know why this has to do anything
without actually yes
okay now it's all coming back this vlog
life okay I can talk about stuff like
this with you guys like that's that's
what the vlog is for oh yeah bit of a
weird start to the day my workout was
dope I did like today and barely made it
out of the gym but I'm good now kind of
can't really move from this position but
sing a good day high but whoa down
voices hey I had a good workout yeah
oh no no something else not some people
were bothering me but I'm fine yeah I
know it happens you know I love you
buddy
yo so I just got out of the shower and
I'm noticing a bit itchy I'm looking
around and I see my forearm yo are you
kidding me right now is this is this
like one of those rashes that I got like
two months of vlogging please just one
sec say no one sec one sec nice remember
when I first started vlogging for the yo
I'm gonna cut your dick off okay to do
no no not if not excuse no it's not
mother Bob in his head trying to disobey
me and she saw when I first started
vlogging I would get these rashes on my
arms when I was sleeping my bet I'm not
trying to show my busted just take a
look at it but also I'm trying to show
this rash dude I got a new bed like a
new mattress new sheets new everything I
watched everything I replace everything
I sermon ated everything it's not bad
bugs we've been down that road what is
with them why what is happening I
deserved it I don't know dude I don't
know bro but I cannot sleep in my bed
tonight
aka maverick you got the room you sure
yeah you got the room to yourself bro I
agree bro I agree you invite a birdie
girl over here and you smash mash you
smash hello okay so I'm sitting here and
I'm looking at this thing down here that
that is a pile of laundry and that is
also a problem
let me tell you something kids adulting
sucks man there are fun parts of being
an adult but like laundry dude um ah I
don't want to do this I want to do it
you you do my laundry right no come back
you see even my bird is like knob bitch
I'm out
you don't like laundry and easy to see
I've been doing lovely in a sauna you
really don't like it I gotta love it
don't you
Audrey stuff dude definitely got it okay
so I walked up the stairs and I look
across the way at the parking garage and
I think there's like a family there now
I'm going to assume they're there in
hopes that I noticed that I'm going to
assume they want me to come out there in
response always know they see me this is
a family or we have it oh my god of the
dabbing oh yeah they're Debbie that's
how you know they're there for me I love
you Oh gangsters they savage yo I wish I
had more energy for these people and
just healthy eating and working out
thing is oh it is tough my boy George is
happening outside I kind of just broke
in your house what's up buddy yo dude
what you doing who knows what is getting
what worse better Ceglie would look good
calling me when I walk we got a FaceTime
from an unknown number let's give it a
go yeah yeah was good hi what up G who
are you Oh we call me for rah rah
say hi hey man what's up going on here
I'll cash form an IP hi yo homie is
smoking marijuana and calling me like
he's my buddy yo I'm gonna reiterate
what I said this
morning I'm not your friend you tell
them how annoying this is I told them
what did you get bottom-up yes yes in
the gym bro these kids are moving in
here neurosis foamy comes up me snaps me
bro I'm trying to work on snapchat in my
face I'm late I snapped it I go yo it
stop just let me work out really
annoying getting annoying
alright I did went back to the real
block right yo are you doing laundry can
I talk to you about something okay
wait smiling love kid I don't well you
want them I'm gay I knew it I do it oh
well not gay I do it yo you never ever
tell me I'm stupid
why bro bitch I love you I love girl I'm
not gay that's not even success you roll
that back fire is everywhere you go
you're at George's on the healthy
lifestyle listing or count bro are you
checking yourself out - I'm like
sweating sweat how many weeks is resided
three days Oh
even on my bacon bra I already cast a
week in the vacation so they don't want
to cheat because like I just got into it
like if it takes a week and a half of
the British gold but I'm hangry dude
like I'm hangry like are you are you
angry I'm not again I need energy like
we're a little bit I was just a movie
with some protein in it yeah she helped
y'all
well that makes me feel better yeah I'm
up a good day or day oh my lo gangsters
what up you guys from the zoo yeah I did
Mahalo they came all the way from Brazil
to see me I don't know if that's true
I'm just assuming Rio de Janeiro Brazil
I just got my mixtape it's fire and you
get the joke
the fire engine okay i'ma stop vlogging
now hi goodbye guys I movie that needs
to be my stomach low gangsters location
for life smoothie booty booty
okay I'm hoping this will revitalize me
I am now getting in the car to go to a
meeting however this is no ordinary
meeting do you guys number that show I
did called Logan Paul person in season 1
I did things like wrestle a bear 48
hours in the wilderness Oh survive 24
hours a Navy SEAL death camp well I
could news folks it got picked up for
season two's the creative meeting for
season two of Logan Paul versus I'm so
sorry bro I'm a vlogger I'm on that vlog
Leigh you would have know this vlog like
thank you for the ride bro I've been
weird
just kidding I'm never sorry for being
weird yo good news that 15 minute uber
and that smoothly got me going by the
way guys I'm finally shipping this out
of maverick painting the winner is Brady
Nolan from Ohio way to congratulate you
one missed average maverick Logan kisser
okay it's time is anyone here yo Nolan
Syria and they not know I'm on a diet
who's putting snacks here oh I think I'm
going to go with the water okay guys
look of all versus season two commencing
natural season two
business meetings except this is more
important Wow right right mate fighter
mate one of the other oh I think you're
trying to mate you know I could
literally watch this for hours
I cannot watch this because it's like
this type of thing that makes me want to
have a dog and I know I should not have
a dog would you mind giving me your dog
I don't think about it
no really I was like thinking there's a
chance yeah I'm Way too irresponsible to
have a dog I can barely take care of
myself
all right if I can't have the dogma have
to settle for this car hey he goes well
sup just like you'd expect any guy who
drives that car to do the reason I am
out here in the garage with my baby how
are you baby
oh so tomorrow I have a big collab like
a huge tool and epic collab with a
surprise guest you guys gonna be frickin
stoked the vlog is going to be amazing
and then tomorrow night we are actually
driving my car to Las Vegas when I say
we I mean Spencer videographer Spencer
and my friend George we are going to
Vegas for like I told you guys a
bucket-list vlog something you need to
do only only just once maybe twice
before you die and so we're gonna cross
out the bucket list but the problem is
my frickin car battery is dead my car
won't start see nothing so being the
adults I am I went to the store and I
bought a car battery got my extension
cord and everything I just need to find
it outlet right now
Oh
No I need another expensive course
here's my closet
oh god this is messy disaster this is
made like zero progress I am adulting so
hard right now and I hate it so much I
emptied out the closet and I guess what
you guessed it no extension cord the
home we have closet number two much more
messy and much bigger please have an
extension cord maybe this is like a life
lessons I should clean my closet out
yeah come here
oh this is not going to work this is
like 12 feet long I want to get here oh
god this is cut this one's Lodge mat
here here we go yeah now we're talking
okay oh senior dog sorry but I got
it
okay so this is Logan playing engineer
connecting these two that this is that
what is going on really though I think I
got it it says it's charging the
batteries on ten percent which is
clearly not high I'm just going to leave
my car like this and hopefully no one
takes it okay I checked and so we're
back in my apartment
I was going to clean that up but clearly
that's not happening what I do have
seduced you guys ready my name's you
with some news and put the camera on the
tripod and just hit you with the news
hey how are you so I shot a movie as you
guys know I love that actor life except
I shot this a particular movie about a
year and a half ago and there's a reason
you have not no one has heard anything
about it until now the movie is called
the space between us here's the thing of
me on set saying that I'm on set what is
up guys my name is Logan Paul and I'm on
the set of the space between us if you
want to check out some of my content my
handle is at Logan Paul but you already
knew that so I get the set it's really
cool this is like a big film to like
there was a big director a list
celebrities a giant production a super
expensive lunch I had to throw that on
the list I love food I love lunch anyway
I get there and being the charismatic
young jockey I am I immediately start
talking to the directors walking so like
happy I love it and he's like yo we're
here to give this chopped alive news
we're going to give him a line in the
movie and I wasn't originally there to
do any acting I was there to help do
some social promotion so I'm like yeah
this is going to be one of the first
movies that I do like big actual movies
that I do so then I frickin did it dude
I got the line oh you want to know how
check it out and saw me saw how
good-looking I was and they're like yo
kids we're going to tell you a line
for right there got it in one of the
most hardest auditions of my life and
then I got a little cocky you know I was
like yo I'm doing my thing here someone
asked me to get off my hoverboard gotta
get off before no chance I'm not leaving
this board knowing I'm not know so that
was not gonna happen and then they had
us where the sexy space you because
after all the movie does have to do with
space I mean it's literally called the
space between us it's just simple math
think about it and good I just feel like
I came out of the loo and then again
starting to get a little - you know
I'm an actor I got online now in a
big-budget feature film so like any
successful actor started making some
demands I get a trailer I think let me
outta here for a day and I hear trailer
oh did you want to know my line my line
that I have in the big-budget feature
film yeah I know you do check it out
this one this walking is so like
happiness where am I
so that is crunch time right it's done
from a big moment a time to shine Logan
Paul to the topic it was time for me to
hit my line when the cameras were Rome
and walking it so like heavy yeah yep I
did that data stick t1 line is so - I do
like I heard him killed it round so I'm
like soaked right sick dude off and then
they invited me to go watch the movie to
go to your screening of the movie and I
get this and I'm not in the movie
they cut my line they took it out of the
movie bro they took my line out of the
movie my line is no longer in the movie
like at all so I'm a little heartbroken
right my heart shakes a little listen to
part just educate you guys this is how
how does it works like you film a movie
and then you go back and see what scenes
are good and which scenes aren't blast
not necessary for the film and
unfortunately Mikey must have not added
to the plot of the film so they cut it
however the movie is actually really
good so the space between us is coming
out very soon put it on the back burner
when it comes out make sure you go watch
it and you'll still see me in the movie
if you can catch me you probably will
see me you cannot miss this head of hair
lots of the only differences I do not
have a speaking line on that note that
is the end of the vlog guys do not
forget tomorrow's collab mah mah mah and
then Vegas over the weekend we're racing
cars we're doing the bucket listing what
they can't say yet is gonna be freaking
dope dude on that note I love you guys I
will see you tomorrow
take it easy fans wish to make it season
to make it close
exhibition you're not going to put the
beginning part right
okay oh yeah it's going into law for
sure okay cool
