I don't care about your chopping problem
wait where'd he go 29 minutes late
yo good morning lo gang okay so we are
back in LA we were in Utah we flew back
late last night and yesterday I don't
know if you saw the vlog I'm going to
assume you did because hashtag logging
for life we did some of the most epic
stuff ever in a billionaire's how a
billionaire's how cool for a sec I'm
gonna go outside cool my jet one two
three seconds late in okay I feel better
except when I walked outside it's been
rainy early and now my socks are wet son
of a bitch
anyways you having back in on leg we're
sliding on chairs day look at what I
want and it's frickin grind time dude in
about three days we are doing another
epic thing quite possibly the most epic
thing I've done in my life it's one of
the things that you have a bucket list
right a things you want to do before you
die and you get to check that off this
is one of those and and probably top
five so look forward to that in a few
days but dude like I've been here for
eight hours and I've been grinded man
this morning I went to the gym and I've
worked up however I was feeling a little
shy you know I didn't want to be
bothered so I kept it low-key
but regardless I gots whoa son swole and
now I have really eaten anything all day
I'm slowly running out of energy
I'm okay to worry about me so I'm gonna
go ahead eat one of my precooked meals
made my a personal chef Carmen Carmen
Carmen
I owe you girl actuated no I don't I pay
you but seriously thank you I can't look
at this man what should i do so many
options
yeah okay after all constantly I'm
holding the sausage scrambled yo come on
look cause keep walking and try to eat
some food come on man
yeah I'm like you just called yo what's
up dude okay my man what's happening
chillin bro fucking business regular
hang on cliff somewhere not hanging off
a cliff nope nope nope just about to
hang my SATs that my frogs are being
interrupted I know right
okay business you know how it is I'm
about to heat up this deliciousness
sausage scrambled extra do what I want
to go put it in here I notice there's a
bowl already in here hey bull
what you doing Burrell why are you in my
microwave go home bowl you're drunk oh
wait a second what is inside this no
serious that what is that what is inside
this bowl I have no it oh it smells like
coconut why is the one microwaving
coconut oil I got a weird roommate mark
if you're watching this vlog what are
you doing bro hmm yeah this is what
happened tastes like kids assuming
haven't tastes like sausage scramble
oh so I think I really want to try to go
to the beach today although the Sun is
setting soon and I got some more
business things I need to take care of
right now I'm gonna do my best bro let's
try make it happen you know okay so
today quickly became the day where I
just needed to get shit done I want to
do it you know that's brother go outside
get in cuz I'm paying shit but I gotta
do man business called duty calls
girls calls me cuz I'm so sexy anyways
yeah but I hop on skype oh let's do it
hey guys
if you moments later Christmas business
you know it's all part of life and you
guys know this when you go on vacation
or go somewhere for extended period of
time when you come back you're gonna
have stuff that needs to be done
unfortunately today is that day do I
want to be doing it
No do I like doing it no is Donald Trump
president yes okay I'm not gonna lie to
you guys I'm hungry so with these
pre-prepped meals the way it works is I
can eat three a day and I know I just
ate one but I'm gonna do another one
right now because like I said I'm off
looking and I'm like a frickin honey
badger dude like when I'm hungry I'm
hungry gonna try to stop me bro honey
badger don't care honey badger don't
give a shit here we have a sausage saute
sausage sausage sausage sausage I'm
going to proceed to smashing oh I
realize I'm not gonna be able to go to
the beach I have errands to run today
just the second-born Davis I got errands
to run and guess who's coming with me
who talked about that I'm gonna go
outside cool my jet one two three
mm-hmm okay that was good too much
better also I learned I did not put any
socks on so we're good to go
yo you know who we did not say what up
to my boy yeah I know it was amazing I
know I don't know I hear the sirens -
someone must be dying or something I
know shut up sorry
it was so much fun dude you told him I
know you can't come cuz you just a
person no you can't snowboard
you can't buddy I respect the tenacity
but you cannot snowboard my you my boy
you know that that's my boy so yo I'm
not saying I'm tired but I'm kind of
tight I don't know what it is maybe it
was because I got super swole this
morning but your boy is feeling it right
now I was hoping that second meal would
wake me up and now man I'm circuits
juggling bro anyway son of a bottom
stuff case so what do I need I meant to
say I need the essentials like that dog
that dog is definitely essential tip you
can't kidnap dogs ever no that's a legal
fight here we go
sock it's shaving cream I'm talking
shampoo deodorant here's the catch I got
two of everything
bing bada bing bada boom because I think
a friend of mine is in town a friend who
I love and have not seen for a while and
buy in town I mean back in Hollywood
with me he's my neighbor
and I have not seen him in literally
like a month and a half yeah yeah so
this is me being a good neighbor friend
and getting in some gifts and uh oh my
god he would love that
oh my god I need this for him he's going
to love it okay so I made it home and I
had to stop and get water and I kid you
not this is how I just entered the house
straight looking like a hobbit gopher
with the toothpick out of Sunday hashtag
relatable right yeah now it's time to go
deliver my gifts my ball it's a party
it's a party
three two eggs go oh I'm ready feeling I
want my body's doing
yeah like oh my god yo come here bro Mia
bro it's good much fun easy doing to me
hey yogi breeze referencing my song if
you don't get it okay here we go I got
you get I got you get for me for you my
brother near mono come to the table I
gotta kick as this is near mono hike oh
joy oh joy no god damn it these are for
my number one oh my Wow now get it okay
open it up
I got you wrote Papa I have more little
here oh ho so yes finally
yeah there you go what anything English
brought deodorant yeah I got you oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah fuck me won't you
give me a mine what what yo yo and the
best gift of all bro yo where you got
yeah yeah I guess so no he's like yo you
can I come in uh yeah put in my door oh
yeah there we go
looking fucking rocking saw ya get Iron
Man get an argument I bro I'm gonna go
home yo man I appreciate it
yes your friend I'm glad we're back were
reunited bro
that is true holla back yo someone is in
my house you know
yo yo what what are you doing man what
are you doing in the savage are you
phony I can do the song oh man this is
my song yeah you're in my house I know
you'd shoot me a text or something
instead of coming over and sawing your
doors open for your boy oh yeah that's
true he's my boy he's my soul wait wait
what is happening right now Wayne to the
low gang
I jumped what you're cutting I'm cutting
my parallel bar what did you just a
parallel here at left hand I have a pair
of hahaha
this time you do handstands on this
thing pants and I mean all the time you
have mr. fixing with it away so that's
why okay well always want a little bit
like if you saw this I only see the
problem getting worse
well no so I need a saw and also to be
honest with you I don't know all this
physics if you want to suck you're in
the right place first of all whether or
not we're successful I just like to take
the time
Thank You Logan for helping me a test
right I can say about dr. dog anytime of
the dumb decision I want to be a part of
it
well you know I feel like this might be
one of the make it let's go little
fucking to do the duty like safety
protection dollars fucking you know
started voice of the century so go in
and then get it hahaha
let me go talk about it oh yeah I have
corn bro not only my checklist
oh don't mess up Ellie cutting things
give us an accent that's it
Oh was that is oh it doesn't you took of
it well no I mean why we're here that's
a song we'll see what else we can cut it
I'm sorry I got girl fuckin alcohol I I
don't know how to I don't know but come
on good God come on one second
I think you appreciate him I come here
to know whoa okay cool cool these guys
okay wandering out cuz your mom oh man I
love people out here so apparently my
friends think I like to cut them no but
now I know now you know I'm not trying
to cut you I am though trying to cut
this banana let their guard he can't
just in time
come on George
it's The Saboteur aka sawdust for
cutting shit
now come on dude he thinks I'm okay I'm
not going to cut you gee I promised
George oh come on I'll cut things with
me you know bad traffic is not bad
enough
chick-fil-a to here get how long
different why would I care just get 10
minutes 28 minutes
that was my second good a leg wasabi
yo come cuts up with us because of the
song yo why am i frisbee on cousin come
back I'm not going to cut you like a
question I will cut you there's kind of
an issue like this is bad so no my
friends know that I'm not going to cut
them can we just caught up in that I'll
observe quickly I know exactly what's
gonna happen
nothing nothing to that visit y'all all
right all right
oh yeah baby food on my route did I get
in your eyes everywhere oh man I my
jacket oh you know I thought I was going
to go right through this is actually
like kinda messy Georgie you've been
quiet this whole time I felt something
over point I mean I don't care about
your childhood problem wait where you go
twenty-nine minutes I'm she's literally
reviving myself from the dead to tell
you how much I don't give a shit alive
and I don't care yes I saw but for real
twenty-nine minutes in chick-fil-a I can
neither can I leave I cannot leave me
wasn't happen explain I know chuckle
eventually I'm going to open it up here
and is what I think it is oh my yo USA -
USA dude the rain in it we and just when
you thought it could not get any better
dude dude what does that say
Team USA hey a fan of ours Jake and I
named emmalin made this for us it's a
custom hoodie
Team USA sing with Tokyo 2020 written on
the back because I'm going to the
Olympics in Tokyo 2020 baby oh my gosh
okay I already worked out today but
here's what's happening I'm gonna call
my brother we're gonna put these out
we're gonna wear them because he's going
to qualify for Tokyo 2020 - and we're
gonna get swole double swole today is a
double swole gone jakey answer I'm your
brother and you love me yo you know what
I'm bout to say what put on your sweater
come over here and let's get swole I'm
down bro Tokyo 2012 year 2020 eyebrows
inna baby oh he's going down okay I am
out here in the gym with my team USA
Tokyo 2020 hoodie yeah lookin like a
savage there's one person I'm missing
and that is my little brother
Oh yo yo looking like a boss with that
hoodie we're so out here yo I noticed
the pants
well he's joining us yo it's time bro
it's time for by the way you know this
is my second working today that's
because you want it but I want it so
good
I want to Wow dude that's awesome oh
look at so good
yeah local is being full so when we make
it you know we're wearing these all we
have to we'll have them for like four
years now
you're crying bro because we have to do
this more often show you 20/20 here we
can focus sometimes oh that is the day
yo that's so great like I don't know
what happened I said you know what
happened because it happened and I got
on camera pointed I got this right I had
this idea and I acted upon it so I
challenge you today here's what I want
you to do do something spontaneous
if something happens do you think oh I
can do it I can make something out of
this go do it don't think they'll
hesitate go oh yeah sort of cause
they're gonna be yelling at you huh I
got a chill one two three okay yeah feel
much better okay ah another thing I'm
going to kind of chill on the
notification shoutouts for a little bit
because and you know freaking low gang
we're too powerful for our own good
comments are just being bombarded with
Dawn hashtag logos for let's just work
it sick it's just at that point that I
lose track of like actually hearing what
you guys want to tell me because make no
mistake ladies and gentlemen I read the
comments I'm fuck your blog anyways I'll
see you guys tomorrow what are we doing
some more I don't know I think we're
gonna try and throw a mini donut hole
off of this a4 and catch it in our mouth
on the on the ground anyways I love you
guys
take it easy fans please
that's you bitch
