hey y'all
good morning little game with nothing
some things are going down right now I
tell you in second what it is but first
I want you to see look
Oh bah gah ok coach ah Oh last night got
a little crazy Mike can you validate the
craziness that's valid a validated
craziness validated we went to my boy
marshmallows concert he brought me up on
stage
we went to this place called Jah we
stayed up till a little while like 6
a.m. morning rose party was little
Johnny was there yeah yeah yeah and when
we wake up we walk outside and see I
don't know if that did it I'm just gonna
show you know four days Sun snows no no
I saw this coming I'm not gonna lie
being in a snowy state but it's snow
white like Halle Mao me see it's known
at least 70 feet so we're like y'all
let's go get breakfast yeah and we go to
get breakfast and then this happens ah
I'm sorry George we are literally stuck
here there's lines of cars starting with
that giant truck cannot move it and we
gotta go back to the house we're going
to
we're stranded in the house with uh oh
my god I'm gonna have to blur that mist
rated in the hospital me because their
cars are blocking the road there's no
yeah giant trucks and shit we can't
leave okay stop ELISA Jesus this is a
good problem we are stuck in a
billionaires houses houses were twenty
five million dollars we have snow and
we're right next to the ski slope I'm
just saying this option goes paintings I
got these paintings yes look at this
painting Spencer you are the painting
bro I'm not gonna lie it's a little
weird though no it's actually really
weird about this they're everywhere like
this guy look at this guy is all over
the house and then oh that is Lauren
directing my god
what but yeah as we're saying like look
this this man is everywhere what did you
mean I don't know I think I say Mike did
you want to say anything about the shot
paint the civilian out okay what we're
stuck inside this house and I I guess
we're gonna do house stuff today I don't
know hmmm what's the move what's the
move a list of Mike George Spencer
someone say something is your name
Oh God there dude you got banana comes
with so many stories bro you have no
idea the answer is yes is that it my
banana stop what I want to get down I
only taking the stairs can you can you
all this like monkeys oh do do for the
low gang was ever there
and I've arranged a banana GUI D look at
this kid oh that's bananas a gook going
on a banana you guys guys look I've been
doing it guys some about a mini my
loving God how come you do hi this week
ever ask for your hand in marriage
oh that's the best attitude about me why
would you do that is that yes okay
clearly this is a problem we have a
dilemma we're in the middle of Utah
there's nowhere two billion is how we
should be doing fun things okay so we
just slice things up and not and I think
there's only one way to do that
yes yes yes it is going down as you can
see we have changed into our actual snow
gear and now get this we are going to
jump off this balcony no we are doing it
um no you're doing it too
come on dog come on dog Mike come on I
could you please go you're crazy
what's wrong yeah I'm gonna kibitz like
I'm definitely give it to Mike how do
you think that it looked okay I don't
know I would say 152 and how do you do
like you to join you understand what
Logan
aa-actually yeah yeah yeah we have to
are you want it again with my G
selective right there George I stopped
for sure you serious bro is my nose
really bleeding
edy Ganem even I knew it I landed the
GoPro wet and pink to me right in the
dinkar yeah I have what he's a little
concerned about like my stunt like my
operation what I do
don't worry about it let me do me a
catalyst where's look like 30 satisfied
Jones Olivo so I think this is a good
time to please take my hand
and nourish our you can with them the
water bottle yeah okay so that it is yo
next up we're going sledding we got into
sledding there's a ski slope right here
I feel champ excited oh you ready how
you feel you'll be droning this is not
dangerous at all to me so I'm just gonna
have fun yes or no sir no the water was
one thing with shoving smell but I
helped yours you're known let me get you
to vows are you icing my nose dude this
is wifey no it's good okay alright let's
go sledding
Oh are you ready bro oh my dear are you
ready
yo Mike bro now what that wasn't it
what I have an idea you got it bro
a giant snowball I push down here there
we go
we close we go yeah ready here we go
here's the issue right now this snow is
like as we you told you guys like up to
my waist and pushing this thing to the
street not so easy
yeah stocking like five feet of snow
look at this look at how did this snow
it's now up to the bottom of my nipples
yo that is a street light do you have
any idea how high this snow is right out
it is a freaky street light Logan yeah
that's my boy that's my boy yeah yeah
he's here yeah let's get this in the car
and get upstairs it's cold and I have a
woman that needs to marry me okay yeah
thing is good okay you know me you know
I couldn't just go home actually in the
car so I'm on the
before I propose to wifey I think it is
a good time for today's notification
shout out it goes to Todd both hot from
Nova Scotia Canada
hey yo parks cool name thanks for having
me notifications on dot if you guys want
to shout out make sure you have my
notifications on for this channel right
sending the comments below come in like
done or hashtag low gang for light up
boom you win okay let's go get a new
wife so they didn't like the banana she
didn't like the water but I had just the
thing that was going to win her heart in
live is this guy right here this big guy
right here and we look up Texas looking
like this okay take my hand
oh yeah
no he's already gone
she already I thought yeah I thought we
did it low gang we did it I got of life
I've had the most fun I've had in 84
years at least and that's it did thank
you guys for watching the vlog this was
actually like such a fun day we can we
do this think we do this because you
decide but you to 150,000 like yeah we
got that yeah 150 came out gang 150,000
liking this video let's go that is the
day I will see you guys tomorrow I say
so many times I freaking love you I will
see you tomorrow I already said I'd take
it easy please totally miss and they got
bad hat I'm kind of embarrassed here
come so wait it's time to fight you'll
be great right
they're supposed to come in enter the
queue Joshua science whatever
