heyyo good morning little guy with
Buffalo here - we just today we got
managed to jump my name's Dan okay we
got our knee go from this angle that's
exactly can fire bro and we got a
special guest today this is what visible
oh what did you just say what's up fire
fire oh wait what wait what oh my god
this is my house this is Jake aka Jay
laser and he is as you can see a
full-fledged savage fire today is going
to be the day of gadgets as you can see
that's why this man is here yo so what
do you do I make a drink bygones to you
life so you're like Tony Stark in real
life I am Iron Man
okay it's a holiday rope 13 years old
you eight years old and you invent yes
like you made that glove do that yeah
we'll need another plane you did not
have a bigger one do that a bigger one
it was like a full student like lights
on dude you are Grandmaster savage bro
Arnie what can you do that's cool use
that thing we talked to us do that thing
with dr. Barney do the thing bro oh we
have a house full of savages today
except you Joe my name's Jeff oh yeah it
is gonna be a fun day we're gonna be
messing around with fire shooting my
roommate mark in the face with it
because we all know he hates it I'm
speaking of that what not doing what
what I'm not doing anything
yo yo whoa mark oh I didn't even see you
I didn't you saying you an iron oh you
locked the door on me it didn't charge
up in time so I couldn't shoot it I
don't even have anything mark what are
you doing playing like that I don't even
have anything bro
he has no idea what he's doing for this
photo how are you buddy good morning
why no yep gadget
hundred yeah a hundred gadgets not that
many just a couple but we gotta get got
that's for sure uh what no you gotta
turn with this drug thing maverick okay
no you do you do because you're gonna go
to jail it's a felony no no you have to
felony I'm above it this is actually a
big just one more time I must touch the
fire obviously make it baseball oh my
god see the glove I need to know how you
made this yeah it's got like a fuel
cylinder right here coffee also in there
of course everyone knows that but your
strings a touch my finger which puts out
the gas and then to light it you know
there's like electric like lighters like
with like the plasma lighter yeah you
know yeah that's one of these and there
NESH that goes around to the front right
here and another little button on the
hand okay okay yo are you a genius
genius billionaire playboy
philanthropist no you have other stuff
yeah are you jet engine jet no you did
not bring this in the plane obviously
this is like frickin bomb dude they put
out like 50 pounds of thrust a pop on a
skateboard okay Haley and uh turn into a
jet-powered skateboard full disclosure
it's complete prototype I have no idea
what's going to happen so okay yeah cool
let's go maybe test it I'm mark oh
mark like is kinda like putting a
basement yeah yeah yeah sure okay so
Jake inform me that this thing is
quote-unquote scary loud give it like a
little bit of a go oh my god nothing
nothing bro I have something to show you
bro
no it's cool actually his cool mark no
just let us then dude uh he locked the
door yo mark come on Mars let me in what
I'm but I winged me off the water I'm
recording I set off the body thing off
the run nothing wrong but I'm recording
bro you have it's off the boxes no it's
not I'm recording can you sign a
copyright release for me I'm for your
face I'm gonna have to blur your face
mark look your face is blurred now no
this your off alone no it's not you
keep stopping I'm still recording moment
I'm your faces blurred I can do whatever
I want now it's my baby or two now what
well I'm gonna do myself
I guess she's letting me and I convinced
him off the vlog boy mark have I got a
surprise for you
million dollars no not a million does
but I do have the next best thing you're
gonna fire yeah I can fly yeah we're
gonna fly mark mark real quick bro are
you glad you let me in to show you that
yeah it was cool right
I still don't trust for you why I'm
gonna blow your face your face is
blurred but don't worry
yo hey go maverick what you think we
think it's jet Oh doc doc Boyd oh Jesus
oh my god yo see he loves it Oh
gimme kiss gimme catch a good kissing my
shoes we're gonna see you later buddy
I hope this works well like I think
actually Oh No
is it broken I could do what needs to be
done Jake it with three two one what are
you doing bro what do you do
I say tell me when to start and he just
goes he's like oh yeah got you bro what
are you doing genuinely this much pissed
off with you right now
sorry my son try this again ready go
recording yep ready let's try again go
now and action here we go starting now
okay we'll started I think your device
is broken bro it only works when you
booby work - off camera
never fire oh my god
yo what do you know you got beer do it
all I'm good yeah probably you got the
jet engines you got all of this is this
a little dangerous I'll completely not
gonna live you go outside I think we do
as I like not do this like we should but
we're gonna do it right now we're
definitely doing it before we go outside
I just wanna see I got be something bro
I got people to tell it right bro yo
this is insane
I have never seen this much rain in Los
Angeles the whole time I've lived here I
am under my balcony right now it is
raining in oh my I know it probably
doesn't look I know actually yeah
doesn't look bad at all but trust me
it's going like every direction right
now it's brick and Christ rain rain go
away don't come back ever cuz you start
fresh Oh blanks on me don't forget to
Like and subscribe
come this way love gang next to my
beautiful car is my car eh let's give it
a go bro let's see what you got yo
before you go actually okay so my car's
right there and again this car is my car
come on man I'm gonna close it so much
shock in my style bro
yeah - you first yo take your little
jesting and can shred this shred it bro
I got beef with this car bro yo we got
because yo you all growed up in my
garage yo and I hate to say it but this
is a 2015 challenger and this is the
2014 challenger they got me beat it's
okay it's okay you win some you lose
some and I got this Tony stuck in real
life so we good to go
take one apparently this thing goes at a
moment's notice so go get him Jake
Hondo
you'll come back come back
welcome back yo you bro when I try all
right let me tell you what to do first
and then you can see if you want to do I
want to do it let's go did it just blow
up it's still going to work you like
this water floating huh Jake is the
master doing cool stuff off camera no
and if fricking exploded it was working
fine but the other airplane thing it
turns out you can't check Jenin with
Scott Martin right you're making a joke
I'm not sure I'm following she's not a
do how we crude I'm good no I'm good hey
bro did your machine break as a fault of
my vlog it didn't break the spoken your
blog and I'm not going to do it going
okay good I like a good cut at least you
got a run on it
yeah I got a good run can I at least try
the flame blows oh dude I was hoping
you'd add yeah well well well look who
it is
look who it is Wow oh my god it's so
cool
goodbye mister and you for having a
better car than me hey I'm just kidding
baby you got a better color you got a
better license late and you got a better
driver this is my baby
what also Artie's been holding out on me
this man is secretly athletic approach
to attrition kicks tricks are working
yo is it kid Barney my man you're a
secret G yo like it's so quiet little do
you know he can do flips and stuff and
steal your bitch I got bad news bears
again Jake is over here working on his
glove unfortunately I think this one
might have broken - we're about to find
out I see it's broken
this is no bueno dude everything is just
breaking today
that's all I got to say that's the only
noise I got to make to represent my
feelings and I'm most disappointed to
tell Jake that he was not Iron Man a
real-life Iron Man this wouldn't happen
to Iron Man to real life you know and
unfortunately I have to bear the bad
news and I have to tell Jake that he
should not be an engineer and he should
be like either like a plumber or a
schoolteacher something that is not this
okay listen to me
I didn't want to tell you this brother
yeah you got to be you got a switch
professions bro really you got it you
got it either be I don't know a
schoolteacher or a plumber or something
what is it for because I don't know
engineering is your field you don't
think so so but might remind you to go
they just a shameless plug for anything
like no no no what is it what a little
don't work what is that no it's not it's
just a glove admit it is more than a
glove it just glows gonna go take a cool
thumbnail get people to click on the
video you know clickbait this is YouTube
after all and then I got to go to my
audition right also I just want to thank
Arne for making this vlog super
interesting
I appreciate you on you're a good kid
bye
what are you doing what are you doing
our Tea Party you're going to chop your
head off hearted dick huh
what did you do it me it's working
no what have you touch anything
Arne this is insane bro you're the
savior of this vlog today keeper I'm
saying soon as Jay touches it it just
breaks dude what is made like a
subscribe back at the crib oh it is
still raining we have to split up
actually I have a big audition I'm going
to wish me luck because before we go is
there anything you want to say
engineering try and fail these are both
prototypes so you know we got some good
shuffle beginning we did get some good
shots I want to say dude I'm joking you
don't be plumber don't be a teacher not
that those are not professions for you
they could be for anyone because you are
an engineer bro a year and in revenger
dude
and all your 18:13 I'm so impressed with
the stuff you've done keep at it I know
next time we collabro hope for sure I'm
gonna be flying in the air bro I'll be
flying through the LA rain will get me
up thank you for coming on the channel
today I got an audition so I will see
you guys in a little bit we go up hey
there hi okay guys I am so annoying okay
this was a huge audition probably the
biggest of my life oh but here's the
thing um it didn't happen yeah that's
right
guys I've been running around in the
rain you see my hair these are my lives
look at the wet paper everything they
just shocks right now and here's why my
driver put in the wrong address so we go
to this address and then we get there
I'm like yo this is not 30 minutes away
from my destination my man this is an
audition for the biggest movie of my
life
and I'm I'm 40 minutes late so whatever
right we're putting the new address and
we start heading there and I email my
agent someone yo tell them I'm gonna be
late otherwise it's like okay cool cool
actually reschedule for next week so all
my driver can you take me home now and
he's like Oh bro I got somewhere to be
can actually drop you a few like get out
of the car in the pouring rain it's my
audition till an hour way from home and
now I'm here oh good what can you do
right
life is like mark what are you doing
wrong well I love mind on things oh no
work Valentine okay cool enjoy there you
go Oh didn't happen I mean it didn't
happen okay what about this jet thing
this morning also didn't happen hardly
to the rough day for me Marshawn
frustrate so I am going to go burn my
frustration in the genes
ah let's go ah
Oh back home of my protein and look I
come home to see a clean house wow this
place is amazing and I have only one
person to think and that is Arnie that's
my boy cleaning the house well I'll tell
you what you fat little car you do
knock-knock jokes immobilizer I did you
dicks enough thank you bro Oh
friendship sounds like our third song oh
you're so right Broadway I'm falling
marking the perfect we swap love's deck
and saw everything broke anyway guys
that is this with the blah yeah today
besides the workout was a day of fail
but maybe you enjoyed this vlog and it
made you smile laugh distract you from
your busy day whatever it is and thus my
day was a success low gang thank you for
watching this video I will see y'all
tomorrow take it take it take it easy
fam X cube it yo I noticed you talk when
I talk a lot
oh my bad it's all good but I want me to
you want to talk first and then all
funny yeah ready let's give a shot how
are you doing good is that
