Donna wait no wait wait what dude who's
I deal with yourself okay good morning
my guy myself in the face again what
well here's the thing about right now I
do not have a shirt on I am NOT going to
put a shirt on - sorry about that just
getting home now Ari how you doin bro
cooking up some chicken my mans making
chicken you're 19 years old but you're
an adult
listen game so unenthusiastic right yeah
what's happening today - me outside girl
is coming over you guys do you know that
girl ha ha how about that yeah bro her
she's coming over in 30 minute March is
downstairs with hugger home let's go say
what's up oh hi mark
oh hi mark oh yo what's up hold on what
time in what so I have something right
however Mr George has something George
George George of the jungle
George yours I'm the low gang dude what
are you guys doing bro oh we're smelling
candles
so what smell kid that's not not really
I'm so I'm so confused
well can you tell me why we didn't have
anything to do today I can see that I
have something that you could do today
what catch me outside about that oh
she's coming bro in 24 minutes she's
coming bro Kylie just me outside how
about that how about that what are you
guys gonna do well I have a plan I'm
gonna make jam out of Oreos you know we
made Pringle Jim what is up with you in
this room well here's the thing the
other day I made jam out of Pringles and
no one said I could do it Marc included
watch what she believes in Me
that's right and I did it whoa wrinkles
damn dude yeah oh this is actually
working dude
and it was delicious I'm talking muy
bueno and now we're making jam out of
Oreos because the last video got a
hundred thousand likes and I said I
would what I wouldn't say it was good
bill you're a pessimist Kylie my boy
what did you did you just say you heard
she's up yeah she's coming bro are you
excited
oh that's took a little bit to respond
but cool I'm gonna make an Oreo Jam I
know we're not gonna make meth
no no no mess because that's illegal
what he can do with all this chicken our
Meister
where are the tough words that I can put
the chicken group oh yeah yeah they're
in land or in this drawer Camp know what
else did you do Arnie come on bro that
draws a 1 under yeah bro
thanks bro I have a solution just stay
there there we go so roommate Martin's
cool and all but this guy he makes fun
of my cooking and he has no idea what
he's doing and I know that because
cooking clearly runs in the family and
his mom sent us these cookies like I
said in yesterday's vlog that all the
horse shoed kisses fell off of the of
the cookie except I took the liberty of
hot gluing the Hershey's kiss back on
the cookie and not just one whoa wait
wait this one's funny this looks like
the poop emoji ha ha ha look they look
alike not just one cookie two cookies
three cookies all the cookies and this
man tells me I can't cook Oreo Jam what
you don't know how to cook I Daryl
doesn't know how to you're insulting my
mother now because she sends us bougie
ass cookies bros the packaging man USPS
really get up oh my god okay also what's
happening here both words are I mean I'm
not saying you got this girl just like a
sexy teacher of the same bro okay you
guys see okay I'm a lot of my old market
definitely smashing oh yeah what oh we
got a do we have a load gangster over
here do we have a low gangster across
the street I think we do bro I can't
tell if you signal oh he's doubled a
beanie is a low gangster okay let's see
what he has to say hello young law
gangster
what's up but you made something for me
Oh didn't make something Betty isn't
sitting out there three hours no way yo
that is dedication that's what I like
about the low gang bro like we're dude
we dedicated what past me we get got for
example this morning I get got I gotta
get a good
I got swollen that's one way to put it
workouts are killing me they're like two
and a half hours every day and I'm just
I'm working man my body hurts my love
handles her that's what it takes then
you want to get better you got to get
worse before you give that I don't know
I'm not going to being motivation it's
honestly it's all in here it's a I'll I
don't know I still try going to looking
stuff up and then you got a little
gangster bro the camera Parker what
Harker's a little games we made this for
me yeah dude I act like I'm from Ohio I
love hiking the woods I love camping
yeah you can make it when you go bro
this is amazing dude yo I got myself a
little sexual partners with us and that
Danielle is here as well someone yo
watch this jump
cat meows Isaiah
okay so this is Daniel you know Danielle
everyone knows Danielle yes she knows
that she knows herself clearly she's
made herself comfortable on the love
like I was possibly you Daniel come on
Inari
don't be shy I like you just figure
honestly honestly I believe that
how about was it like being famous on
the Internet
have you bought a Lamborghini yet you
drove a rolls-royce how old you okay so
five year old John murrells our deficit
engine water I am
is that like could she survive Oreo jam
yes what we did on that picnic person or
you're up and take the milk and enjoy it
Cindy I asked is boiling good why do you
know how to do this
you're ruining my blog how do you know
how to view yes yo I love this so how do
you not already yeah what are you doing
marching up cutie knows how to make
orange man will sit yo Arne does not
know how to film but he's like really go
right here yo Arnie this is what I need
from you bro I need you doing this I
want to see the beautiful mom I want to
see the beautiful art look at his hair
brother thing I want mark talks is right
here you wouldn't know that
hello everyone knows it's long line do
you know the vlog less cool talk to you
later apparently nah they'll do it
nothing's holding you back yet
what you doing oh cool awesome
do you have fake eyelashes on
then how I'm gonna fall off how you
feeling right now because I've never
seen this Tamela oh cool
Patrick the star on my love deck no PR
like chronologically the same age I feel
like huh okay let's go get the Oreos
what I want in your dream I love it
okay look exactly what's doing it any
moment in the day he despite him
meticulous and I'm going to stand here
and talking to you big word utilitarian
I'm sorry I'm speaking does enough money
oh I just stole it from her manage
everything sure mo he thinks it's her
money just like I just told it from that
guy and they gave it back to her there
it is there it is she sniped oh my so
what's what's wait whoa whoa whoa whoa
you getting Oreo thing were you going
absolutely not anyway what are you doing
no again this is like I actually don't
care but like I should say no because
I'm an adult
we need the oriole mega stuff this is
like fact of life everyone knows it's
science and we only need two so I hear
there we go just kept throwing them back
in there that's I should skip it okay
we're leaving the store but I'm now
helping her in her antics all right what
up dude
catcher I grow the come on little sister
let's go light me up light me out Daniel
okay listen we're here I think I saw his
eyes this thing's and I was embarrassed
but we are about to make Oreo jam you
know I start to deal with you yeah no
you do not
you can't come to or your nails are too
long no doggone y'all wrong pot here
this one Barry oh yes take the step
number one you brought something oil
here we go there we go get it Danielle
okay
you download out okay different here
we're just going to go again there's no
ability for DL for this I kind of just
guess when we're doing can you what are
you doing she's trying to like this
potato on fire
I listen you do that for whatever reason
and I'm gonna go ahead and make Oreo
dick so messy Danielle can you please do
me a favor
world behind users favorable agree yeah
no that's a green ball oh yes that's the
one could you could you help me here we
go okay yes you could see we're just
running up this Oreo stuff here look at
the camp I'll be honest with you I don't
actually need a potato I surely brought
that to your amusement to the no sure
can you love to do and they love
throwing potatoes to cool okay I need a
blender
I need a blender can you got the blender
from the blender fine the fridge in the
drugs exonic what are you doing monkeys
exactly loves me I hate you but I love
you need a base is a wake up
i'ma show y'all all of it
step number two add some water to Oreo
crumble mixture parentheses I'll know my
log with a higher energy step number
three this is the secret ingredient you
know what this is so no you don't know
what this is this is Texas Tech and
gives it the jelly what what is that
along with that one
what is this me okay well we got a
secret ingredient in our Jam you'll stop
down the hill down like oh my god I see
red no idea
perfect
oh wait what
no it's on the counter looks like how do
you know what crackers okay how do you
know that is what crack is know what's
the different craft and cocaine crack
crack is cooked garage I didn't even
know that closer laughs opposing yup
sorry what you get when you play the
flag do I knock out y'all help you go
gonna jump jump wouldn't kill yo it was
about to get cashed up touch stop what a
real good though
what it's looking this is what Jam looks
like you want to succeed in life you
gotta be willing to take these risks
you'll stop Danielle Jesus mother of
gummy well then yeah let's try the
boiled water and then integration with
our scenes is Sony I'm going to pour
this damn mixture into the bowl the pot
whatever this is I'm not until on all
this is a little too thick for my liking
but we go rock it that's what she said
no you are you're gonna like it and
you're gonna join and be thankful there
are kids in Africa dying all right oh
you're gonna be thankful for my Oreo Jam
no Danielle come on oh my god she's more
than the Delta me I hate I hate to admit
it but it's true
I should have known I shouldn't know
this little girl outside growth yeah why
is that being overrides to boiled it
time voidable right I don't have to do
all I do is ignore it damn right no to
stop that's when you let it be Oh
fabulous today no sir
oh no no no no no no salt note so I'm
just sugar add in the sugar grains no no
no no no not bad then so no do not do
not look at we're so close to the finish
line you don't want to ruin the come
eyes on you Danielle look at it look at
this Jam but I think we're almost done
no no no no bueno this is not good uh-oh
I'm trying to quit
I'm calling quit I think we're in a good
standing this is Oreo jam literally it's
jam made out of Oreos we're gonna let
this cool off
yeah look you're gonna blow know what
dude whose idea was it self okay why
knowing that when the babysitter is like
tormented by the kids I feel like that
little what's happening you're cocky 13
I'm struggling with all day we can't
vote for accuracy so young and also a
girl takes me I saw how about net oh
look at how jammy this is dude admit it
looks delicious
I just wanted to jam kick you out of my
house to be honest yes all right now for
you I don't not nice okay I'm a sad one
for me
you know ah take one bucks in one bite
oh my god no I said one boy video I'm
prepared
I'm prepared I fine I'm going to do it
for the loge angry but it's delicious it
is so good oral exam
I cannot swear this is how everything
already so now that we have finished
this Danielle get a comma get doc okay
so Danielle just left bro whoa what were
you thinking oh my I was like this
full-time
haha he's a character dude I cashed her
outside all day I mean that's what
happens do i I knew what I was getting
into look what happens the beautiful
oreo jam the house is sort of a mess
dude but that's the risk I was willing
to take for this amazing blog Costello
gang I loved because I was able to keep
a calm head and not you don't kill
someone today can we get a hundred fifty
dozen life in this video but yes we can
locate a Mac sound like boys - that's it
dad okay and then that know if you're
not subscribed do that because we are
hyper little 7 also if you are not
subscribed let me do this let me yank
the only pool you win and doing the low
gang dude my goal is when you watch my
log take away from your busy life
whatever you just relax and have a good
time bro good chili also if anyone has a
good main feel free to send me their
number in the comments below
coz you bet your ass I am not cleaning
that up and on that note that is the
vlog I will see you guys tomorrow take
it easy babe
yeah I like if you fix the drawer yeah
that's me adopting mark McDonald ooh
that's a fact my boo
