what's up guys were giving out free
pizzas today yes
you guys know pizzas yet hey yo good
morning lo que what's up I find myself
in the face I appreciate that enthusiasm
I heard you in the background do it
again do that yeah okay Arnie how you
feeling this morning bro pretty well
rested after that we love oh nice bro
yeah oh yeah check this out here so I
found our knee this morning normally
people sleep there or maybe even here
but I've never seen someone sleep in
between them yeah yeah you definitely
walked over to a position in between bro
even look with the pillow still are my
man wasn't even on them don't know why
is Mach number but you know what that's
my boy that's my boy
yeah the MA he knows your nipples bro
yeah you got time on them big nipples
yeah tiny little brother those nipples
they look like pepperonis what do we
have over here oh yeah guys I have some
news my brother Jake Paul starved Disney
Channel's Buzard vark here we go he said
15 pizzas to my house today you guys
know I'm not eating pizza I'm on a
strict diet a few how many know it I
think it does look appealing yeah no
mark and I both like no yeah I know that
look at this oh yo it doesn't look
appealing who though sorry bro can't see
that tricking 220 dollars for these
pizzas and I don't know I don't know
what to tell the guy I'm like yo like I
didn't what $250 after the kid actually
know it no no I'm exposing Jay he gave
us money to pay after we like freaked
out but he only gave us enough money to
tip the pizza guy who brought 15 pieces
up to our eighth floor apartment four
dollars we tip the kite $4 and George
being a good nice Christian boy he is
like yo I gotta go get some money as a
how much you didn't get in 20 still not
petition yo I don't know how to say this
to Jay Paul yeah q Jay Paul yo I'm so
helpful with some enthusiasm show em how
it's done what your job office you Pam
Kyle yeah my mom's made your job you're
right you Jake pop yes I like that well
well well look who it is are you
vlogging
yeah well I'm vlogging what you think
you're funny huh you think your YouTube
channel is more subscribers than me yeah
it does yo I'm going to say this but
screw you Jake because I got 50 P
penalty pieces not to mention you only
left four dollars for a $220 order as a
tip what you got fucking that slogan
prank wars on what's up don't kill you
have no idea Jake The Secret Service
security prank like good luck topping
that bro
because let me tell you pizzas you have
no idea Jake you have brought yourself a
storm that in the south is it called
this storm I've never heard of that
that's because you don't know it and you
don't know this blog like I do every day
maybe you do know it that's what you
could you have more subscribers and I'm
ready for you to fight me but I hope you
enjoy your pizzas yo screw you Jake I'll
just decide I don't like this Rojas
Pinilla go by I just played it up in his
vlog I could give you I got blog content
for days I just want to say for those of
you coming over from Jake's channel the
Jake Paul ders welcome to the low gang
here we are more savage we're more lit
we are more hype and also I think most
importantly we get more w's that means
wind and also bitches
Masen w what a start to the day bro what
are you doing just good that that's why
you're doing this it's like well how are
we going to give these pizzas and I say
Emma tree if you're taking your tops off
let's see if we can drop it down onto
the back top you're gonna drop it where
hold up hold up hold up I feel like I
feel like this isn't the best idea
don't drop this piece tomorrow so pick
up no don't know what answer no one
wants a pizza yeah you know no you don't
know I'm gonna go I know I was like yo
Marcus finally do we gonna get any more
come on come on bro no no no no yo ah
why did you peep - chilling over there
oh I know we're already getting so many
comments saying why did you drop a pizza
hahahahaha I came down here this is the
piece of killing do I get it or do I
leave it there like what's the deal I'm
thinking I get it because I know in the
comments that was already going to be
like now he wasted a piece I didn't
waste the piece okay still perfectly
edible hey Gogi you hungry
compliments of Jake ball oh I know he is
an a-hole I know
hey go buddy you can thank Jake Paul for
that hey while I was in the shower I was
looking at this pizza and I came up with
this idea also how are you good well
we're both mom what wearing maroon is
that maroon a little Tynan maroon did I
just get a middle-eastern so here's my
idea can anyone guess Arne something
with pizzas that's a fact George they
feelin good today
that's a double fax but no here's my
idea Valentine's Day is tomorrow this
vlog is being released on Valentine's
Day I'm gonna kill what a finally what
what why did he get back is your have a
date tomorrow I meet all the people pass
tag single life
I'm allergic idea what to carve this
into a heart and then give them out what
you think not too much work plus you're
getting too much work you hate love and
maybe you hate food it made you hate
loved admit it make you okay watch
George AIDS loves watch lo game watch we
just try please to put this into a heart
like food no I'm not already I'm gonna
be wasted we're doing a good deed did it
he did he's so right dude this is such a
bad idea but we'll go for this one and
we don't for a thumbnail yo you're
single - okay come on the other game
this guy are maybe single yeah
okay this is the final product
okay I can see from here thanks buddy no
see that those dude is that is that love
or am I wrong majority admit is cool
that's really nice
I will admit I don't think it's
practical I don't think we're going to
be able to do this for every single
pizza can I at least get a prop see you
guys are trying yeah
or thanks guys here at youtube.com slash
Logan pause large we love to do epic
thumbnails so we set this up and we are
going to take one of the sexy some nails
of 2700 high Mart
oh hi mark hey yo what do you think it
is bro it looks good right aesthetically
pleasing yeah
also look at this oh you shouldn't have
I didn't it's not for you but it's a
heart see that it's cool right again
it's not Valentine's Day tomorrow never
be I'm not the only one I'm not doing
what he didn't know bro mark to try to
kiss me bro
you know why Google people not what your
your hangry huh yeah no we're not called
their lukewarm we've been over this
everybody knows that I'd rather have
cold beats of the match yo that's true
cold pizzas dope by the way we supposed
to be forced to be before our bread came
at our taters that's how bros do it like
that if we fight it's squashed in our
girls
yo till death do us part y'all holding
that against each other forever you know
why because Jews are just like later all
on the tables are before the back here I
go I go yo bar
real talk I love you like a brother than
the bitch was gnarly dude it was a sense
of it for those of you who do not know
what you're talking about they got some
beef earlier watch the vlog from two
days ago as she always plug always what
- I block it I don't appreciate you
blogging our piece yeah yo you know why
I did it
so we got the low gang I'm a mind son
they want to see entertainment some
tension so I realized you'd be able to
card I had bros good finesse that talent
ah
yoyoyo but that begs a question do you
have talents whistle it arose a lot of
homeless people therefore unfortunately
I have a very important meeting at 4:00
p.m. so we're not going to do it with
Google around Hollywood off look at it
this is not my car right my car is over
there but it looks like this car hot
damn
by the way thanks for taking all the
pizzas bro I owe you one I'm gonna kick
stop with the gear you right I don't
want those things just go ahead and toss
them on in there bro got it go
our eyes are peeled for those less
fortunate than us I'm not gonna lie I'm
a bit worried there is a problem with
Hollywood homeless people bit
that's not why is it a problem that's
not problem it is just beautiful
fraction okay oh that is true assuming
we can discern between hippies and
homeless people here is the issue we've
all offered food to Hollywood homeless
people for all of us and every time to
like yummy cash and we're just like no
man but like I'll buy you a pizza I'm
going to keep the shop there like I
would just I would prefer cash I'm sorry
what I'm trying to play bullfrog it's
tough because like I don't decide sound
like a dick but sometimes they're high
maintenance so hopefully they take our
pizzas you know we're just trying to
help out follow them what what you want
to balance I see stuff
I'm talking about why not you're like
Mesa
oh wow me first
where's the town with an extreme fail
literally exactly what I said happened
I go yell you glutton freeze like yeah I
give up I gave some birds in LA bread in
there like that I can't even write it an
LA it's just tough there everybody's
vegan or gluten-free or not hungry I saw
my mom okay you can go you don't feel
very good about the stripper here what
if we don't do it to just home with you
what's up guys oh he says yes you guys
look decent yeah yeah take our pizza it
sounds and if he says yeah you guys are
piece of pizza take our pizza rolls no
no bro take the whole box
bro take over us over take it take our
pizza happy Valentine's Day happy
Valentine's Day dude you want to pizza
rolls take a piece of my man every once
I say oh that was successful what's up
buddy are you hungry
we got a full pizza for you bro
Valentine's Day feets UI
happy Valentine's Day okay I love you
very much nice I love you too broke my
can subscribe again George is putting so
much effort into my vlog this who I love
this man yay or nay pizza you guys want
pizza at this point George is saying you
want to eat this she's going no I don't
want your PC is drugged it
sorry guys she goes pizza even the idea
how much cholesterol and cholesterol
dude talk it oh my god one part of me
respects it one part of me is like yo la
healthy right the other parts like
yellow if you're hungry dude eat after
hoses okay well not gonna make you an
asshole brother they're definitely not
one guy post it up against the wall use
like yeah dude like that guy's homeless
you want some pizza
yeah I got really close to show the
dudes Cologne and everything laughs ah
yeah this guy dude no no going to start
no task excuse me yo what do you say I
say we just leave the keys on his car
yo no this is my boy gonna hide you get
a pizza
but uh I'm the free turkey enough sweet
eh so delicious
just as you like please go ahead
increases above what I ate and a brand
new my friend oh yeah yeah I mean we
sure have ceiling on it boss who do all
the trucks to I shouldn't got my pad and
it was being trustful if he wants to
like a particle I cocaine breakthroughs
but I don't buy no I try to get my
money's life and get it damn baby
selling let them hang with my boy now
come on i millions oh just call me on
the phone back up the heaven if you want
to wake up hey yo hey god bless you my
man yo that was freaky
don't like beyond just a vlog every time
someone accepted a pizza homeless or
Niles I gosh like they're happy and I
think the coolest thing about it was
that like we did not plan on doing that
today Jake said the pizzas we were like
yo what the who we do that's why we did
it bro away Wow on the wall came over
but yeah I was sticking I know some
people are going to come and be like
y'all you didn't need a video recording
and put it on the internet do a good
deed without putting it on me oh shut
them Oh seriously a daily vlog daily
okay
Beevor video lousy if I'm doing a good
deed
a million people see this video how many
people will this video inspires to go
good dudu hmm go do good deeds on their
own I don't know ten a hundred five
hundred million I don't know dude Arty's
you know no one knows and the point is a
good deed is a good deed in that felt
genuinely awesome also if you're single
on Valentine's Day and I could not
deliver you a pizza probably most of you
watching this vlog let's remember single
life hashtag relatable hahaha I'm not
gonna lie guys tonight I made a mistake
I went out and I did not bring my camera
and I skipped like 8 hours of vlogging
ok listen I'm sorry but I love you guys
I'm not going to talk very long because
I don't have much to say today was epic
giving back always my way no but I will
see you guys tomorrow take it ease the
old way bow yo by the way tomorrow which
is actually today we are waking up in
five hours to go to Sequoia National
Park I'm talking beautiful trees snow I
actually have no idea I've never been
there but it's gonna be dope so I will
see you guys tomorrow take it easy slow
gang push
it's you bitch
how many more jokes are gonna do execute
each other
yo I'm down to kiss my boy in the mouth
do you know why cuz that's my boy bro
