left your keys in your I want to do it
don't decide I mother can hash it out
let's go
good morning low gang what pops I'm not
gonna lie guys I'm a little out of
energy I'm kind of tired right now I've
been working out little brutal and it's
slowly catching up to me but luckily I
have some energy on the way let's see if
I time is right oh my god yet from the
gods themselves
we got a veggie omelet sweet potatoes
also notice normally you cook this stuff
on a plate well I'm a kid I don't really
do my dishes they're all in here so
today we used in a bowl so today as I
said yesterday is what we are going to
Venice Beach my friend Jake who some of
you might remember is a really good
music producer gonna make some songs did
wellness themselves a song and our
Valentine's Day think really about that
did songs about the romance and sex
just kidding because not about love and
romance but before we do that we got to
say what else to my boy did yo you gotta
stop pooping on my blogs bro come on no
dude no mark does not do it he's a
grown-ass man he does wear diapers
successful y'all come on Martha now
behind the block okay I shouldn't say
before you leave you walked in you like
oh you talking shit so I guess we work
if your talk about how you poopy pants
yeah that doesn't happen I think it does
happen Bush I heard you talking about of
N coming I'm going to Venice play really
yeah I would just go together
what do you want what are you leaving
room come on bro give me a chance uh now
just okay we were walking to get a
smoothie right now like I told you guys
I feel like I did I need sustenance
walking for me who else is comin bro
Georgie boy Georgie actually don't know
if I call it smoothie more like a
protein shake
cuz you know one need that cookie in the
flu shot I think I'm getting sick go do
not get me sick
kiss me on the mouth war we're gonna get
rough okay I'm gonna get it I feel like
to share about my womb our dojo
yeah just blend me up into a little
smoothie little mushy food just let me
out
spin me around and talk to me I call me
Mommy and Daddy y'all earlier today I
said this blog was going to be all about
and it was a joke but now that I'm
looking at your shirt bro
I wanted to show you guys like drinking
this movie and like how good it was in
the progression of a disappearing but
since we have like five people with us
and it's taking forever to order it's
pretty much gone it is delicious
goodbye smoothie goodbye George goodbye
Mars go on the bus going to Venice on
the bus I just kidding I'm not coming I
got a cab it's benefit of being tall is
that they put you in the front seat you
know how do you give you on yeah well
your baby George put on this song and yo
easy this gets all drivers left up you
need a calm down bro but I need you to
change it a Bad News Bears guy we
actually have separate destinations like
I'm not going to the same places these
guys this is where I'm getting off you
guys I love you action convective I love
you guys oh yo easy easy mark style
guards down yeah good yeah by the way I
feel like I should introduce the creepy
German guys you know what is your name
what's happened David David right
they're not actually super creepy
they're nice fat go shopping blog Oh
what are you doing are giving them
chocolate bro from Germany no way I
don't eat chocolate yeah boy girls love
chocolate got it man
got a studio okay no damn bro nice
vehicle bro heck yeah dude yeah but I
bet he's pushing 2 inches off whoever
drives this Hello Kitty Mini Cooper on
the other hand dude I'm talking 12
inches folded in half
know what I mean no no guys remember
Jake from 2016
Tim bro that's him we found snapchats
offices from my reader right there there
were little oh my god
yo this is sick man Venice is so dope
wait with snapchat off those were sent
to employees a shot of it not that
they're on to us bro hi guys think that
snapchat employees would know that we're
snapping them Edward naps yeah bro they
have a sickness then why is it so foggy
out today though like we're in Portland
or Russia oh yeah in Russia dude is
frickin Moscow up in this Beach
so Georgia marker actually said that
it's foggy outside because they came
here to take like artsy pictures but you
can't see anything you can see like how
foggy it is my being nothing rest in
peace Georgia Mark's Instagram pictures
that will not be taken today blah blah
blah blah blah yeah you own this dog I
swear to God I saw this animal this
beast where did it yard swear to God I
just saw a dog back here
look Ibuki I swear I just saw betta that
motherfucker what's his name this bumper
oh my god such an appropriate name dog I
was back there and I saw him lurking
through the backyard I was like where's
Andrew his bumpers really slow and but
he'll sneak up on you see right behind I
see that broad feeling Yuma did it so
before we make a hit song Jake and I are
going to take a little field trip today
needs to go pick up some juices he's on
a juice cleanse I'm surprised he's not
grumpier and I think I'm gonna get
another like protein something I just
I'm trying to ingest approaching in my
body talking stick a needle in my heart
and did you well I don't know what
happened right there bro feels that way
sometimes though like I know what you
mean you took it way too far but I thank
you thank you Jake my friend I have to
know how are you not grumpy
isn't it like day three of your cleanse
I'm on day three of my cleanse these
countries like they make you grow up
because you don't eat you just drink
juice so what's up man I'm sort of not
thinking about it right now I'm going
Tom Brady fourth quarter on em I like
that I like that logic bro that makes
sense so this place we're at is
a fake gratitude for all the hippies in
Venice Beach Santa Monica Gaudi all
their stuff like supervision super
healthy to stuff mate well maybe this
isn't the best example these are sweet
but still helps all these hippies in
here look at all these look at that girl
look at that guy look at her so many
hippies I'll tell you what you fat
little company cares whether this is the
type of recovery I need wrong I'm not
here grinding I got a recovery back at
the spot we are about to make some
bangers is that a fact
absolutely absolutely thank you this is
what I mean dude I told you this Bobby
lurking out here
I don't know about the dog bummer what
is he doing why his head wrapped around
a piece of wood like that but what does
he see what you don't know the dog read
no way the doll read reading a book I
said I think he is do so this is a
special doll so boy he's flipping pages
bro this dog is on a real bro bumpers
Reading Road dog is reading a book no
this is insane you put that nothing I
didn't I don't know bro that's weird
yo by the way this is Jake's front yard
this is the Zen garden right here bro
this is Buddha Oh every morning I come
outside I just and just make direct eye
contact of Buddha
it's the Zen garden it's the Zen den I
like this place dude like I know I live
in Hollywood everything's so busy so bus
Li and hustling but I might move to
Venice one day this is we're going to
make bangers today here we go here to
record a temporary vocals yeah yo I love
it hey hey yeah bro is going down
Jake and I decided to take a little
break and we are stayin Amur dry now by
snail let me explain we found this oh
god I actually touch it please don't
fall careful we found this snail on the
wall over there we found this smaller
snail this is also snails it's kind of
running around in the water we put them
on top of this boobie sculpture and then
the big one kind of just wrapped up the
little one and now he's making a run for
it
oh this is actually amazing this the
snail is literally kidnapping another
different nature's amazing bro you don't
want to mess up the ecosystem in the
food chain maybe the big snail is like a
good snail and the other one's a bad
snail like a snail cop snail cop going
to snail jo-jo we got follow me on
instagram you'll see I've been
documenting this whole story it's really
quite intriguing and if you don't make
sure to follow me at Logan Paul
shameless promo I don't give up but I
don't know what this big snail has in
mind oh oh no it looks like he's let him
go do not let him go do not let him go
nails no no no don't let him go don't
let him go I know he's trying to let him
go each I let him drown in the water
each nail I see what you're doing won't
you do it oh no you are an ass oh my god
I cannot believe you just did that it's
big snail literally just drag him down
and drop you know what I just witnessed
a morning like this I'm an accomplice to
a murder how it is man oh my god I gotta
go we're gonna talk I can't believe I
just watch a snail drown another snail
yo I'm just saying if he's in jail how
is he going to communicate with his
friends it gives you a snail mail or if
the car they could call it now now BAM
everything Robert man we are absolutely
slaying this record we finish the lyrics
the song is called
I love you more right I love you more
okay cool and now I think we're going to
lay down some practice vocals this is
obviously not a studio we go Lord of the
things with this microphone I shall
record Heat I think I love you more I do
I do I do I do I got I think I feel like
I gotta go like I got actually sing it I
think I love you you sound a lot like
that I'll keep doing the low and then
we're going to hide
okay hungry it's always happen to me
though just like breathe only they pray
okay look I cannot show you too much of
this I want it to be a surprise mama
gave you so nothing like not just a
little bit little bit okay yes that's
okay with me I can show you all finish
dude you killed it today
good job with natural video thanks grow
as a thank you to you I want to give you
these chocolates from Germany broke here
is Russ Morris oh we have almost that's
my boy I don't eat chocolate you know
all you have no more for me from there
you go bro oh god what's up miss that
song that was just like a demo song by
that I mean it's like basically a
practice track that's not the final in
fact it's not even close when we decide
you know what time to go slow life will
go into studio and record it the right
way but I will say I'm very excited I
can see the potential for that song and
it's up here almost like why are you in
my car bro hi bro okay I'm just a boy
with the dream dude Oh
back home I'm not gonna last let the
whole trip in the uber I felt pretty
good except now I just try to wake
myself up a bit we got mark cleaning up
what's new what I did box I'm a fraud no
no mark don't judge seriously no mark
off the vlog don't you ever this stuff
is there for a reason
look mark literally I'm warning you I'm
going to take all the stuff out and put
it right back on the table mine you're
gonna use it no you don't know that I
just saw you put the flamethrower that I
used everything days because they wrote
that out no no I I what you do you mean
they don't use it bro come on dude I use
all of it you guys look for all we share
this area oh yeah how many times your
dinner there because the answers here oh
I can't hear someone's calling me to my
lawyers I'm gonna do adult things to do
business while you do a little child is
bull pick up please pick me up clean up
clean up everybody exactly as if
everybody
okay sup guys hold on one sec oh ma r
what up man come on market stuff guys
I'm back oh my yeah I took the phone
call I handled business yo guys i
frickin hate business bro I will say it
was about a I don't know she says okay
might be about merch oh game we're
joking show is this the MarkLogic move
people stuff and then just put
everything else on the porch oh no I
don't need to be an adult you need learn
how to cook up trash put it in the trash
oh you're here that's that's mine cuz I
don't never seen that in my life
you think you're an adult bro you're not
you're just a shot show guys roll a
little salty right now I'm salty because
just like I'm very anxious right now
mark is I don't know why he's salty
probably something to do with his hair
maybe I don't know and I'm also salty
cuz yo I'm sorry what I'm coming back my
boy the internet right now yeah you're
on your version of it which suck you
slowed it down bro you dumped everything
in our house bro are you on the network
first off his name is Mark donor are you
on the network Doan I got a perfectly
good Wi-Fi it was called Abraham Lincoln
I made it it was fast and then Margo and
he's like oh I'm gonna put a connector
in the wall I gonna do a market it
messes everything up and it does anyway
and now his network works fine and it's
slower than my network which no longer
exists q mark 24 megabits upwards no we
do not know but the download speed is 92
it was 400 already it was 400 must have
been the hardware not me oh well seconds
ladies yo shut the fuck up I thought
against all our men engineer here just
one thing and the intern is back what
did you do what did you do bro
Wi-Fi father this is I told you I hit
buttons on the back and I stood up and
they hit one button again I never you
know what to wins in the situation we
got a Wi-Fi back market MIDI I'm not the
bad roommate
I'm the good roommate what what I do
when you left your keys in here no I
also nope now is that your fault your
ego has to go from you here no because I
did not leave my keys in here I have a
service that washes my car you had to
leave them here while I wasn't here and
you
should have relayed that information to
me Oh somebody not my responsibility
that's not good whether you like to do
it you like oh look turkeys in you know
do I want to do it don't decide I'm
gonna hash it out let's go you're like a
little bitch butyrate yeah you look like
a bitch with hair I'll go now me to grow
up but you can sign out or make out with
me proud
I'm had to be marked eyes on this vlog
ends rough with your relationship with
Marvin if you really know who is I mean
probably not know you don't be his
roommate like he leaves trash on the
porch
he just he'll bundle all my stuff up I
had none of you no no I have them on
video he ruined the Wi-Fi like he took
the Wi-Fi down here you go oh I know
people come over they don't know we
really are bro yeah like you hear that
Ross Jack Frost looking at mother 14 in
the first Batman looking at that's a
compliment because I got contains up in
here but you know more yo you can't tell
this dog Logan yo
okay so mark left to go shoot some stuff
I just want to say I don't know how he
gets girls like Kylie I my opinions you
we're out of his league but check this
out okay bro
like I walk in the bathroom and come on
this is not my stuff mark what are you
doing causing why would throw all this
stuff mark come on bro if only these
girls knew what kind of person they were
hanging out you know not only is I don't
know they'd be hanging out yeah good
evening to you too but uh Thailand what
oh you heard right I watch a lot growth
that's what I'm saying
she's out of the league you're just
finishing my sentences yeah oh okay cool
I don't know but whatever whatever
theory he's using I should start using
yeah it's where you keep finishing my
sentences okay I'm gonna leave now and
that is leaving to go to the gym it's
Tom bro I gotta give swolled so today is
leg day and I know everyone always asked
me what do you listen to when you work
out well I'm glad you asked right now
I'm actually listening to the demo track
that made today I think I love you mo oh
my goodness anyway yeah bro it's time to
hit the gym so let's do this
oh yeah dude that was quite the workout
bro I came home and then I took my pants
off and that's where we're at
oh yeah mind you my boxers are donut
boxers and you like that mm-hmm
hey yo mark where's that girl that was
here you look right killed like that
today like litter I took it I put it on
the ground and I stabbed it in the face
till it died now I'm at the crib oh I
got my bone broth remember guys got to
fortify I mean you gotta fortify oh my
gosh
also I just want to say something I
noticed that when I went to go put the
dish in the dish its Y meaning my
calculations are correct these are clean
painting someone has to empty them and
just to prove mark wrong not because I'm
going to tell it not because I'm a good
person I'm going to do that what do you
think about that huh who can take it a
little responsibility cool ha Wow this
all is that's a bone it's a song you
probably won't get the reference I mean
come on now look it's spotless oddly
that's the bone okay again it's a song
you probably gonna get the reference
fuck bad for the moment okay see now you
might get the reference I understood
that River dude that's what we're all
about here - Logan we educated we learn
from each other
each other what I'm afraid you I cleaned
off I washed my hair I showered in mark
dude I just wanna say bro can we make
them in yeah we got it like I am deed
the dishwasher that's the step yeah this
is that step just like those steps over
there I also want to say in apologize in
advance I'm sorry for calling this vlog
I hate my roommate just a heads up that
is the title of this video I am that's
it for today's vlog don't forget it I
think I'll from scratch you're gonna get
some more subscribers up because every
time you call me your roommate
they all right so mark mark is my room
and I hate him but anyway I love y'all
I'll see you tomorrow
take it easy bamboo xu bitch
Oh what are you doing roll oh god Jake
Oh get your toilet gnarly blood dude
