and yo good morning lo Jang what sloppy
I'm going to be monotone for the rest of
the day how you doing mark what are you
doing mark
oh never gonna catch got me outside of
that no what would you with the shirt on
head run okay okay do you think mark is
like should he wear a sir should because
I don't mind girl like you're my boy you
know you're looking good now it's all
good
I think our a season broken like hot all
the time maybe it's just you you sexy
dude yeah what are you doing you got a
meeting I got a meeting I can go get a
coffee with this girl laughter ah ha ha
ha
typical market acid goodbye mark
I'm disappointed you put on a shirt I'm
just what is it you think about it all
right
wait what mark why's mark what does he
mean but what did I do
I did walk up this morning in the house
is clean mark as a clean freak so he
cleans the house and I didn't really
have anything to do with that but that's
my atypical in fact that's the reason I
hired mark to be my roommate what could
he mean what did it make what no no that
can't mean that right come on nobody see
nice just be saying things that I don't
agree with okay maybe it is that aw
whatever bro I'll figure it out later in
the meantime I'll make you some wreckage
so I'm not gonna lie to you guys two
things one I am our intense dude this is
not a lot of food bro damn dude this is
barely anything and I'm a big boy I work
out I burn Cavanaugh yo bitch okay I'm
lying I don't workout or burn calories
it was crying
regardless you are going in here in my
belly
I I don't know what I'm doing today a
lot more over Omaha so you know what I
haven't done in a while
oh this is me opening up right this is
me expanding my ship I haven't made like
a funny like comedy sketch video in a
while um I think that back I have I have
not posted one to watch oh I think I'm
gonna gear up and you're ready to do
that I'm sitting on like seven amazing
heat epic video but I just not I do him
do you want to go on a date I just have
not edited them yet so I might hop on
that today I remember a time when I
posted a video on Facebook and it would
get like 15 million views 100 million
users I was just like man I haven't been
like in a while and I want to be like
damn once again but first let me take a
selfie
just kidding i'ma go shower oh my god
I'm here somewhere I think I don't know
look at this Terrace is beautiful where
are my people and manager generally I
see him I know he's around this corner
there he is
I'm good they didn't have that to you
you're meeting with the people who gave
us the money to make the movie they're
very important people so I got excited
but nothing is funny everybody go to
Marquette sign late and then just break
the alley tables right guys I'm doing my
plate with new hilar do this damn bro I
came in here fired up and they're like
kind of fired up but hopefully I fire
everyone else
the meetings over you guys you know how
I feel about meetings Jeff can you hold
this camera for this I just hate meeting
you know like I'm 21 what why God be a
meeting oh yeah cuz I'm like doc sorry
for screaming maybe I'm not a
businessman I'm a business man hey okay
so I am back home and you know what I'm
realizing dude like I am kind of tired
just cause like the past week I've been
sleeping like 4 to 6 hours a night and
now that I'm in LA and I have the
opportunity to sleep in it's I cannot
because I'm so used to sleeping so
little shops leaving like the 7 hours
and I'm waking up which is like still a
sufficient amount of time I'm working
out on top of that and then hoovering
around all day to meetings and boring
stuff and blah blah blah it's fricking
time now ironically enough I just came
from my agency and I also just got a
package from my agency in the May this
package contains alcohol adult signature
require I did not sign anything I want
to open it anyway Don Julio oh so this
is a tequila I believe to be honest with
you I'm not sure I know that it's a
really expensive fancy alcohol so it
looks like you had a great time at South
Park City last weekend that was a while
I was in Utah oh yeah I did have a good
time the Don Julio 1942 is flowing that
night as it should have and he suggested
we wanted to make sure you had your own
future celebrations let us know if you
ever need to restock the way I read that
was that I get a unlimited supply of Don
Julio for the rest of my life it's from
Melissa at Don Julio Alyssa yo you don't
know what you just got yourself into
who's walking my house right now it's
not marking woman oh good it replaces
the other bottle of that drink that
sounds the same the last time I got one
of these fancy bottles it was for my
birthday I'm like yo I'm gonna go like I
had like a girl over couple friends
whatever one I go to drink it and I'm
gone mark did some shots of some ratchet
ass hoes i guaranteed from alright the
letter says anytime you need to restock
let it show i swear to god swear bro
don't drink what if you do drink a lot
please drink responsibly
I also got it Oh I feel like my channel
is slowly becoming an unboxing channel
no that's not look I just get a lot of
cool things in the mail and I like it
I've been sitting on this for a little
bit I think this one especially so I
think this is from a friend of mine
named summer if I'm wrong it's gonna be
really embarrassing I can tell because
it's kind of cute and artsy and summer
is like a cute and artsy girl oh no this
girl when I was in college we met he
went to college like an hour away from
mine he's a little older than me and she
found me on vine so then we met up and
she ended up being like kind of like my
mentors like helper slash guider when I
was in Goa in college I remember when I
first went to college I was like summer
and you know like the kids here like
they look at me weird when I film video
and I'm like a little nervous like what
do I want to do is my life gonna make
videos I want to become an engineer blah
blah blah he's like dude you obviously
love making videos you're good at it I
remember specifically she's like that's
what that college is your playground
that is your art that's your canvas
going create and make stuff don't think
about other people and like what there's
like you do you know this girl's
freaking dope and she's right and then I
did that I picked off everyone I'm a
college in made videos that broke the
internet so yeah I made a lot of people
upset me a lot of people happy though I
mean what do you expect dude look at me
when I'm when I'm at my college jumping
over cars and like yelling at kids like
it's gonna just people are going to be
angry over here's the thing what you're
gonna do about it I hope you enjoy these
two items as much as I did making them
I don't know how after four years I'm
still doing for you but I wouldn't
change it for the world
yes me is their stuff if you make the
most out of everything which is why I
love being there for you and helping you
any way I can now enough of that cheesy
she is something I would say like guys
you got to be able to get emotional have
feelings and do stuff like this and then
realize like yo that was a little soft
okay but now back to the savage I wish
you nothing but success with your
upcoming movie airplane moment houses
1d6 your upper portion of your body as
it's the only part of your workout it
was a I don't skip leg day I do once a
week every Wednesday all if she says
it's a joke see she says it's a ha joke
store
kind of it's most likely don't you what
what I'm just kidding be thank you yeah
yeah yeah oh wait yeah wait no oh okay
okay
so honey with cameras on an app roll was
Gucci's vent yo summer this is pretty
dull thing to be I appreciate that
how appreciate that so I've been texting
me for weeks monthly telling me she's
been working hard to make this tier 1 Z
oh my god oh my god airplane mode the
movie and then the same text reverse
this is the airline in our movie is
called koala lair and this is the logo
with the koala there's an airplane oh
yeah see the airplane it says koala on
it yo this is for Kim beautiful she got
it from like a company in India it could
be like super custom and it took like a
hundred years ago here which is crazy
because that means she had to start
making in like 1917 Kim commitment dude
anyways I'm going to wear this tonight
is hoodie I'm reppin hardcore I
seriously love both in swimmer Thank You
summer I wouldn't change you for fall
winter or spring swear to god bro who
writes these vlogs gotta be a freaking
genius
hello that okay so yeah the next item on
the agenda is working out I have to work
out I have to get full like I said I'm a
little tired right like I have energy
protip okay listen to this I'm going to
lay down for like 30 minutes maybe I
will fall asleep my alarm will go off I
will shoot up like a frickin rocket wake
my ass up go straight through the gym
don't even think about it mindless walk
to the gym so first I need workout
clothes oh snap okay that was easy and
yeah now I go to snooze here I go wait I
can't mess up this perfect look I got to
think about this however I want to
attack this you only have one shot of
perfection yeah yeah confirmed this is
yeah this is the boy no this is like for
me this is an energy absorption session
I take this next little bit of time to
just absorb and collect energy and when
I wake up I won't be tired and I'll be
ready to go so I will see you guys in a
little bit
okay
oh no that was the most savage workout
I've had in 2017 by fall I didn't show
you guys everything I didn't videotape
everything but dude I was in there for
like two hours straight straight pumping
chest rape Rana shrieking I don't know
what came over me dude I guess I was in
the gym I was like damn bro and then
when I was running I was just like bimbo
next thing you know the workouts all
around just like damn bro do I do that
too much probably yeah okay damn bro but
yeah dude as you can see I'm sweating
I've ever lost like five pounds of water
and I'm no mathematician okay what we
got to eat here I'm talking blueberries
strawberries bananas not quite right yet
coke wait a second I don't drink Coke
hey if you want to interrupt me today
that'd be dope dude
actually you know what I'm just gonna
I'm just going to use this as they have
learning to know I tell George to
interrupt me when I was doing Trish and
then you're going to say will you do
your work over nope nope I know this man
does not know how to make vlog content
on the Internet oh I do I said when I
get to the fuckin bananas you went
around me and say what are you doing my
house you already know it's vlog like
George it's that simple
I think the regular drugs can be fun in
the middle to be honest I don't have
that much content today anyways let's do
the regular joke
what I got here got blueberries bananas
what wheezing my I was just not playing
to the camera already be up here I don't
know well I guess I'll use this to vlog
now you want that you any day it's
pretty late it's 12:30 yeah I've been
editing shower and and putting on the
onesie a Chickasaw dude like it I fit
perfectly I feel like a sexy onesie be
Simone Savage master flex bunks black no
it is but I feel like it Oh yo I am
falling right now so while I'm wearing
is epic onesie I want to address some
things this is for the true low
gangsters I'm talking about the people
who watch the end of the video who have
been watching my vlog since like day one
maybe not the one who has hopped on
trained early if you're not a true
little gang to get the cow bro I'm just
kidding number one what happened to
Chloe Chloe the Starbucks girl I texted
I was like y'all be with Gucci we need
to go on a date maybe smash a little bit
and she's like yo I'm still not in the
country I was are what you said you were
going to be back February you know she's
not that's the update there that's
pretty much it number two the movie I
was supposed to shoot in Atlanta called
superstition the movie that I was in
Atlanta for then they shipped me out on
like a became a shoot in January then
February and March name to be honest
with you I have no idea my guess is that
it's not happening which sucks because
it was a huge movie title Ludacris jhene
aiko Lil Bow Wow tons of big-name but my
guess is at this point it's going to
a'tall it's been Hollywood it and I'll
keep you posted of course as per usual
but grab yeah probably a win because the
real low gangsters dude there's this kid
that dabbed around the world sent me an
e-mail his name is puggly Otto I think
that speaks for itself Puglia no that is
savages he says I made this video for
you in the low gang I'm sure it's
everything that you'd expect from a
little gangster I gotta say dude yes it
is you know I'm subscribed since day one
got the notifications on and hit that
like button every day ah frugally out of
this from below I gotta say this is out
of all the videos I've been sent this is
the one I am most impressed with homie
is charismatic he knows how to edit and
he gets comedic time hey Logan and this
is the low gang straight up from
Columbia whoa whoa whoa whoa whee yes
wait a second they're boogly out my man
did you make a custom logo angst or
shirt that said you wouldn't know this
blog life with like I silhouette of my
hair dawg I think you did bro yo ah I
love you don't even know you were at
love
Pouliot is in morocco panama colombia
friend you keep cloning himself this is
freaking incredible bro let's keep
watching
dude that was amazing he was in Dubai
Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates in front
of the Burj Khalifa the tallest building
on our stuff Wow how old besides me who
travels as much as this homie yeah also
if you guys look closely he did the dab
in front of a car with the license plate
that said dad that's rich in innovation
well I'll go say he's like tall and
lanky kind of like me and his arms are
like perfect for dabbing so poo glial
property you bro you are a true low
gangster and with that said that is the
vlog guys tomorrow I hope it will be a
little more exciting than name was today
in fact these past few vlogs I've just
been catching up with my LA grind
tomorrow don't quote me but I think I'm
going to Venice Beach kayaking
rollerblading making songs as well sure
you already know it's gonna be lit with
that said low gangsters low gang I love
you I will see y'all tomorrow
take it easy fam which there it is
yeah
excu bitch
why oh yeah I was recording I record
everything that's a blog where you stop
yeah anal yeah oh my god that's not
going to make the cut
