and y'all good morning low gang was
vomited
I don't know what that was whoa updating
the life of Logan I'm currently eating
my healthy breakfast yummy mm-hmm
and that's pretty much it it's gonna be
a good day despite the fact that it's
raining in Los Angeles yo come on
Hollywood what's the deal oh Sh what is
that come on Hollywood and it was
raining after day to do this I could
come home and I'm like why are you
writing you know man that's a relatable
first thing I need to do today is get
some male Robin his roommate mark out
the mail Kim I think she's pleasing my
cue I do it get away
good morning Mark Martin okay bye got
him I get my what a gene hi yeah I
thought I slept well thank you for
asking
I don't know I'm in a weird mood today
can you tell it never this is actually
the only thing I need my mail collection
was very deliberate today you guys
remember how I married that couple
Elijah and Kristen in Las Vegas oh no
you don't well here's a little reminder
it was magical
so I got distracted had a little piece
of cheese on my lens well as you can
imagine marrying people require some
paperwork what I'm saying is this is
that paperwork and unfortunately for me
since i procrastinate everything if this
is not turned in by tomorrow the
marriage is void rusyn was marriage
because i was too lazy to go send
something in the mail cool looking cool
it doesn't matter bro cuz I'm getting it
done today but not right now first up on
the agenda I have to do an ADR session
for this movie I did called where's the
money with my boy king bat ad R stands
for additional dialogue recording this
is like in a movie when people are
talking over each other or like is when
there's some sort of sound that's
interfering with the dialogue some of
the lines are messed up they have the
actors go in and fix them so that this
poor man has to put up with me I'm so
sorry mr. okay
Johnna finest damn building running
through the streets while it's raining
like I'm Crocodile Dundee or something
look it's what caution Queen oughta what
Bob Pizza Machado oh okay so that's the
room we're going into now I have the
option to take the stairs all in the
elevator - I'll tell you what it's a
good thing I'm still taking the stairs
oh so this is the screen I'm watching
myself on these are the microphones to
stand with the script we got sexy red
couches and then the people who actually
I don't know what they're doing but they
are there it is time to get got so let's
do this that's really just not here oh
just like a hit sound like it oh I think
I can do that I think I do that
acting Oh button your chin to your chest
or I will turn you inside out acting wow
that was fun on to the next thing that
is the Edit of my movie airplane mode
I'm just vlogging oh cool no sometimes I
just I feel like I don't exist
but yeah airplane mode edit right now
with the editor but first let's not
forget this marriage thing that I need
to do now all I have to do is sign this
like it's not hard I just don't ship so
that's the issue like actually taking it
to lie
- are you ok camera do you need CPR I'm
35 it's not like signing a piece of
paper is hard obviously it's just the
fact that I'm a kid dude of 21 I don't I
don't ship things I use email you know
I'm a millennial technology I'm
generations econ technologies -
technology channel reality technology
Google classroom of the phonology
acknowledged technology what today I
becoming an adult
straight out of nineteen forty I'm
sending something through the blog post
my not the mail of the post yeah it is
okay so I'm signing right here oh god
this is terrible were signature ever
anyways but yeah I look print name of
witness yeah I have a question for you
bro I I married this couple I'm a pastor
and I'm filling out the certificate
right now for particular to marry them
I'm wondering could you be my witness
could you sign it and just say you
witnessed me sign it's not a contract or
anything you just this name right here
it says print name of witness just to
say that I did it we're going to see it
says like they're print name of witness
dude thank you so much for I really
appreciate it dude I'm a gothic are now
you're hero bro saved a marriage today
appeal that's amazing alright this guy
in the blue Toyota Carolla you're going
down a history bro look at me being an
adult sending stuff by the post man this
is crazy tomorrow by 10:30 a.m. is 35
bucks I'll do it thank you
I gotta say dude that was quite the
experience
okay I did the Edit yes I another last
guy signed the paper and he was cool
don't get me wrong but this guy would've
been dull got a nice fedora got the
headphones on my mask
alright the bar Fedora dude taking a say
in the Edit Bay with the editor murder
success so as you can see on the screen
there's me yeah yeah looking like a
goober as per usual we got about five or
six hours in here so I'll see you guys
in a little bit do not forget airplane
mode my moving my baby is going to be so
good I am working so hard to make this
amazing for you guys but this man this
man is working the hardest Mitch you're
a savage bro how many hours did you
spend on this project I've been on the
since July yeah the one behind the
scenes that no one sees just grinding
away this man is killing it we're gonna
kill it for the next like I said six
hours or so and I will see y'all in a
little bit but back at the crib oh yo
it's been some time if you haven't
noticed there's my boy mark oh I'm never
wearing a shirt your vlogs why is that
you and you know what are certain lights
this is becoming a problem and took the
melting pieces inserts and he said like
Rob will be about to do you about to get
in I'd love to work out yeah you guys
haven't noticed I look a little tired
but yeah I did it cuz my man my man was
straight napping alarm goes off he's up
and now you're experiencing the Reaver
protection that that's why I'm kind of
tired as movie ok let's go hurry up hey
guys feel okay I haven't gone to the gym
yeah I just wanted to point out mark you
went to the store without his way to buy
Capri Sun bro do you wrote well no
you're not you're 21 you're not remember
these as a child no I do as a child you
have an ounce at the store not like you
oh I'm a baseball rack oh my god trade
me memories where I have one question do
you respect the pouch this is the punk
yeah is that the slovers but yeah so I
know I keep making it seem like I'm
going to the gym and I am I am trust me
but I got this thing in the mail that I
want to show you guys before I go and
I'm not just making this because it's 7
p.m. and I'm fighting for vlog content
since I didn't film anything all day
something wrong
in the mail for you well really he's
nuts not ah nothing else came I was
really looking forward to do you done oh
look at that
I feel like I heard a crack yes I'm
happy this was a fried one yeah yeah I'm
here all right
nothing walk me I'm always so nervous
about the people who send us these nice
gift and they watch it in news like 100
another case for America traveling
because he chewed through the other one
and I'm over there I got a pin this on
my face mark right now you can't do this
son I got a pretty super clear enough
well why I suggest you like replay okay
I'm not like mark and I planned that one
uh there's actually these nuts noticed I
think couple of mighty mug yeah oh yeah
I got one for you
oh I drink coffee yeah sure oh we like
being a pitcher
Oh easy bro you're actually you know
what it's my tea bro can handle that
type of thing what are you doing
in reality what makes these things so
mighty it says right there the mug that
won't fall over a mine now let's open
these up and put it attached halfway
there
Wow yeah bro listen boosted oh wait oh
Jesus mother everyone calls out everyone
what paper no airs again hold on one
second I just wrote that one on there
yeah dude youtubers make videos about
this it's like a trans dude it so much
that won't spill oh come on now Dawg do
we all have muscles this mug is
definitely not still I have
kappa you should probably should because
i'd be willing to bet it spills bro come
on I'm not the guy to drown as you're
driving down here definitely not on
there because it does that is on the
counter right what no come on come on I
like hitting it hard no come on no one
yo what hold on a second this is a
little too good to be true
define grass yo it come is that real
okay yeah like bad like the mug that
won't fall over well in fact I haven't
documented on video that it did fall
it didn't be fall over what's the Newton
how many how many Newtons is that
because I was putting maybe 10 to 13 if
it's not that why would I buy it okay my
question why would I buy it I'm going to
Newton it is bpa-free de ah the movies
parenthetical aspiration yeah I think
you got a red one to match your shirt
look I didn't get a second one well you
won't believe what's in this one is it
are you gonna yeah I like that one
there's real time yep yeah you can clean
up this water okay alright we are in the
gym and it's about to get rough pop it I
can't do that what I can't do it but
it's above your prop also brought the
other Cup as you can see it still isn't
working what I do have to admit that's
impressive dude I don't know a lot of
cups that can do that oh gosh see it
doesn't score so I'm gonna give this
another shot dude during my workout and
by the way here's how it works is like
some sort of like mechanism do you
really care probably now let's go see I
was about to workout and then look who
showed up
I'm talking like visiting to spell
where's issue I'm yelling at George for
bringing a girl two boys no yesterday
wrote like her scrawl his boys night get
off me talking workout right she's go
get off you want to tire this guy always
infiltrating my vlogs like he's
oh okay so I know that in that workout
probably didn't look like I worked out
my oh kid
oh I get it yeah I got so swole I wasn't
just trying to spill this Cup mark what
are you doing but oh yeah oh yeah my
boys doing it I was dude good news after
my workout I get to have one my pre
press meals Carmy my personal chef I
want to thank you don't forget guys we
also got this bone broth it allows me to
fortify how's it frozen seriously it's
in the fridge so just focus will or did
you smell it maybe this is what we're
smelling in our fridge I'm going in
what's your problem you don't smell that
tell me it doesn't smell like chicken
noodle soup oh this was so bad
literally Road nothing so what you do
you scrape off this layer of fat you
take a shot of 46000 glass and you
fortify okay wait here we go scrape it
off the set oh oh this is Gro this is
not oh god oh
it's literally like jello mark you might
be right bro Oh God is gnarly you see
the student it looks like meat fat jello
I'm about to drink that really he didn't
I'm heating it up I hope just takes away
the gelatinous
oh yeah look it kind of did oh yeah oh
yeah we going back in take two here we
go give me something good to work with
okay okay I'll take this side guns up
down to 40 bucks so kidding mark watch
you learn while I fortify here we go ahh
chicken broth from 4 to 5 so while I eat
this you know Logan I thought we could
have a nice talk about Donald Trump this
man John Trump is our president and
that's all I have to say about that ok
no more James I came over to my friend
George's as you see him over there
George giveaway so they know where you
are ok cool this is second Oh George oh
my God look at this projector how big is
it
and he heard 20 damn bro that's almost
as big as my day me dick Nitti watch you
leave the jokes to me cool wait wait
come back
what is cut I think the jokes in the
bottle flipping basically anything that
requires some sort of skill or coolness
just go ahead leave to me exhibit a so
that is it for the blah little game choo
choo choo choo are you mocking me and
the way I sign off didn't be I freaking
love you guys dude like I know it sounds
weird but just like holding this camera
it's on this tripod see that's not a
camera dick that's a tripod I don't know
just like being able to talk about my
life with you guys frickin dude i
working love it is frickin you're so
delusional I'm not I just am thanking
the low gang for watching me and live in
my life with me like it's pretty dope
dude like I was looking at my videos not
like dude it's really cool like three
quarters of a million a million people
daily wanna like watch my life girl like
that's the thing dude I like this videos
on the internet I love that no that's
the day I will see y'all tomorrow take
it easy fan don't forget to subscribe if
you're not subscribed I love y'all
it's you bitch bro how are you my boy
when you pretty good always just say so
you just worry about awkwardly
