hey good morning low gag would pop a
couple lot of things I want to address
one eye pop the pimple this morning sure
to Evan and I are rocking this new la
fashion style it's a shirt near your
it's called a shirt dick you got you got
your dick I'm not going to be both we
will Guster this and then three la
what's the you doing bro do you see this
what is happening we like never get
right never never
that come to visit ray this is bad this
is more rain than we've gotten in the
past six days in in nine years and also
there's a girl on my balcony did you see
her who is this girl who is this girl
why is he on my balcony she walked in
she's on my balcony in the rain I don't
know how much of this stuff lock it I
think it's locked
good yeah great he's gonna have to find
a way out sorry girls these girls be
walking in my house making phone calls
in my balcony no wait Evan and I are
gonna go get some food and then shoot
that should we do it everything gets
overplayed I think we should do it shoot
it oh hey David I thought we long ago so
you locked the door
no you locked the door yeah who is this
girl no I'm just kidding it's a joke I
know her community come here come here
hug me okay great why are you my husband
and my bully oh she believes me back
it's mutual what are you doing here you
just laugh I've ever heard we get a
replay of that laughs that's bad you
guys remember bass keys right there he's
all those rain fuck I do have good news
members the other day I was like Gilman
to shoot fireballs out of my wrist like
spider-man
well we were waiting for this paper to
dry it said is going to take 24 hours
ago so see and I spent 24 hours though
later today we are going on also I feel
I need to say this dude loking we are
like so strong I asked for 125 thousand
likes on yesterday's video well know two
days ago
so this Secret Service prank against my
brother has been up for less than 24
hours and it has 226,000 like oh my god
oh my god yo who told me hello hello
what yo that's how you catch him Bo I'm
just saying like I don't even need to be
asking for like singing arm I mean I
probably will but like I know we can do
it yeah do we rock you ready to go eat
some breakfast me go girl
I just don't be happening the best park
next to me and your car is gone your car
is gone I'm just kidding but for this
angle you can barely tell this parking
garage contains my car which contains Oh
one for you and one for me you just
kidding me you hate me you hate my vlog
you hate the low game I good they tear
you up so Evan and I were gonna walk to
breakfast but I forgot that he's dry he
has a car and you evening I'm yeah okay
I appreciate that
I appreciate that however we it's too
late now we already have the umbrellas
so we're just chilling back here with
the most like to see for me thanks for
driving us bet
ah boy you're like being filmed the
camera loves you baby you're gonna be a
star look really hard to tell me you
love me that's actually how I get girls
I could make you famous on YouTube yeah
I were here Thank You Beth again I had
the mother honey I have anything huh
order what you just ordered wakey-wakey
here's what what's working with the day
on that house light we got a healthy
breakfast burrito egg whites broccoli
tomatoes with the whole wheat tortilla
Evans got his wakey wakey eggs and Bakey
a lot it looks bomb and if you guys
remember Bennet he directed on my show
Logan Paul versus caveman and it was
that bomb because it looks fun
yes all right cool so cool anyways I'm
pasta smash smash
this restaurant has dopes especially
because the chandelier
made out of silver you can eat a lot of
dinner with this chandelier wait wait
focus bitch
focus Bob on it see you later Logan I
love you
stay back I'll let you do this Evan I
told you bro these umbrellas are useful
they're useful useful look at yo careful
get up oh you're always nervous bro ha
ha ha ha so I get back to my house and
I'm fit someone walked in my house and
walked downstairs with mud on their
shoes look at mud mud mud trail there's
a trail not a big deal right we can just
clean it up oh but wait a second it's
not mud it's poop litter it's poop that
they walk in my house on the shooter's
very shit all over my floor over Logan
that's not that bad you clean it up
right yeah off the floor the hardwood
floor yes no problem but it does a
cartridge huzzah he's getting their ass
beat I'm sorry I am pissed right now
hey walking down stairs and shoes on no
and then be having the audacity to do it
with poop on yourself we'll fuck are you
and I think I know who it was
hey what's up the weather is so bad the
weather's so bad
that's where to change the topic you
walked in my house this morning with
shit all over your shoes and dragged it
in my house rag to downstairs and it's
everywhere
what is it it's poop but that's viable
for to find the poop on your shoe like
you did it did you walk downstairs with
your shoes on
yes you did yes you did
it's literally shit this is not funny
you later what do you love it it's not
funny this is this is disgusting how far
away are you come back and clean my
house no I'm sorry
but do you understand there's shit all
over my house because of you is it cor
sorry but there's shit on my carpet
turn around and come clean my house hi
you're not coming
Oh done this fuckin girl costume I will
pull our shoot is in my head every night
we're supposed to shoot today and now
there's poop on my mind he's gonna get
angry at me like what little bit it's
the poop do you want to clean up I think
my flame sconces Thanks
okay so have it Evan does not want to
clean no one wants to clean this up I'm
texting best because did you get in the
vlog I said of course everyone's gonna
think it is because and she said the low
game gonna hate me yeah so from now on
low gang we don't like that nice push it
Markus you must be clean why would I
ever touch that I thought it was you bro
oh yeah leave them alone Evan we're all
upset why are you always the Barry yo
back back up that's my boy that's my boy
I'm working because oh are you Georgie
can we shoot at your house oh man yeah
no promises so this is not solving the
problem but I really do genuinely
appreciate you taking some initiative to
cutter a lot of people to stuff I know
and I appreciate I really do watch it on
the ground I'm gonna do it she as if the
mystery could not get any deeper that's
it at the turn that's a little turn sir
that is a little turn and it's my lair
all right I saw why I thought
the size of the oh my god mean is that
and you think I try to throw it at him
you'll eat that serve your man there's a
couple things testing your manhood right
now and you know if you don't do them
you're a woman just say no yo can we
leave you this smell yeah this is
actually this never gets old
I'm just saying weird that there's like
full poops right outside my door home
where the two best friends that any whoa
hey no no no no no that's my boy
no hi oh the culprit I bet that's the
culprit is of the culprit but we should
deal cuz got some against me bro Jonica
javadi hobble you dog
you understand oh my oh I'm sorry I'm
she's up what she's off your house is
down there yeah I know this is nice
carpet I walk towards my house shoes off
oh you jerk
oh Jesus mother of God it's it's time
it's time I got these candies you notice
something about them they're made of
chairs no all these many candies bro all
for you and hold up I got you baby
carrots mosey yo come on so today's
sketch I am a evans counselor except I'm
a bad counselor do I look like a
counselor or grandma we think example
whoa grandpa it's a low gang needs
counseling up comment below I got you
dude this video it was not what good
house yeah no this was going to be the
worst counseling ever this is Kelly
she's gonna be shooting our sketch today
are you savage savage a yes okay that's
all I need here with us all it takes I
just look like a grandpa and I'm pissed
that someone dragged boobs into my house
okay without further ado let's do this
without further due do yeah it's so
funny of them kill you what if you
moments later
right
Deseret thank you George
where you going George of China thank
you for my mom that's a wrap
you're drinking tea letting you job do
you let me use your house one policeman
Wow someone taking some initiative
what are you doing roll it up clean up
this hey old mark and I not only are
vlogging you but appreciate you I
appreciate that
mochila stuff as well I told you that's
too dry
oh no stuff are really all worth so we
need a chisel use this seven no this
sucks
because it's not just in one spot like
this girl tracted the whole house that's
you you clean that I got to be honest I
just asked him to do it he started doing
it I have no idea
are you yelling about I had I had a
colored knife and got it why are you
actually gonna use it I'm trying to get
smell people actually our house is
disgusting my man is upgrading to a
knife he needs something sharper to
remove the poop-poop I hate saying it I
was thinking about not putting any of
this in the vlog because I hate poop and
this is why I'm also not cleaning it up
I just can't is the knife working better
okay so long I gotta say you're
attacking that like a bitch bro
nah bro yeah you got a you got here look
first off no gloves all right I'm a man
you just get all my job oh but I thank
you this is horrible growth this is the
way to do it though you gotta just carve
up the ground oh my god yo so good
Oh see I was gonna be like this is what
you've done she knew not to show her
face this is not a joke this is not a
drill that I am never talking to you
again you are not allowed in this house
again this is one of the most
disrespectful things you could ever do
to someone this is horrible I just saw
loaded display of shooting device I
don't know if it's gonna work I haven't
suddenly all oh dang oh my god oh my god
oh my god I forgot the word zero I was
nude
Patrick she sent ya the first time we
shot this I was a newbie right now the
second time I'm freaking proud I brought
my friend Jake here he's gonna witness
it your mom what do you think in the
first time bro epic tactic does he have
any idea what there's no I do and learn
nothin
joy I'm working spider-man oh my god
tell me what you just saw bro people
have recently been using the phrase it's
lit i prescribed certain situations what
just happened here is the only thing
that has ever been lit every yoke I'm
this is the best purchase in my life yo
I'm locked and loaded marc has no idea
what's coming
oh wait hold up Oh God Oh knock your bed
you definitely for my god oh no really
no over I was writing with the camera up
because I don't want to see you know
we're really really literally burned
wait I feel a burn oh my god yo I face
is very nice the most in web pages my
turn no no no the poor hair smell you I
thought the heart it hurts bro like
literally my face is burnt you have the
hope I'm not in joke here and I thought
we were making it for the vlog no I
thought thing I saw was wrong oh boy oh
oh oh he's that he's not stoked about it
oh yo what oh cool
why bro why you look like River Nile air
yeah but you told me it was okay talking
about
don't lie before I roll the camera you
said you want me to act like I don't
know what's coming you admit you said it
though boy you gotta have the reflex you
were hey I'm talking make tricks
I mean you pay half the rent bro so I
mean you rate the door is half on you
well
looks like here I cannot tell us I'm
serious at this point I use it yeah well
you're smiling you're smiling you're
smiling wait wait let me check
danuel is off thank God it hurts got it
but thank god you're fine but I'm fine
oh my oh you may be so nervous mark
genuinely speaking Burma can eyebrow any
Burma are you in pain my IRA hurt it but
it looks okay it looks fine it feels
burn cool like I forgot
why would I smell the burnt hair I was
like oh yeah oh yeah I messed up the
burnt hair did you really want me to
miss you yeah are you ready
going to miss oh yes I you would like
dodge it here's to your eyebrows still
being detected oh are you I see are you
I'm not good strat thanks bro tequila
haha I'm stunned oh yeah when you were
pond on the door I was like you know I
don't call me a method actor the time
that's why I needed to burn your
eyebrows to get you there cuz you think
I would learn no no my not call call
yourself call me sis more come tomorrow
he needs to do one of these I figure in
the cool from the night yeah what oh my
your life in this place okay and with
that the vlog is done guys that's the
day thank you for watching I love you
you know this today's notification
shout-out goes to you know it you don't
know you're not telling me of coach
percent from Denmark it's a little tough
to say but you a thank you for as many
notifications on Mia you want a
shout-out just turn my notifications on
the comment done or our low gang for
life below and literally I burn my
roomies eyebrow
today he sucks and we made heated
overall today was a good day as you guys
know Logan I love you bro I will see you
guys tomorrow Evan and I are going to
continue to slay the Internet
take it easy family too
