nope it's not my name is Logan cuz
nothing hi he's a door we put him on a
12-foot paper airplane you're gonna
throw them three - what
hey good morning low gang what's poppin
what's poppin Evan oh you is a lollipop
kutsu it's 9:00 a.m. what are you doing
need to get shirt no no you need
calories bro damn it Evan even already
asked for pizza oh my god I felt
conveniently into Mack hey what's up act
as you guys know I'm on the health life
that was my breakfast also speaking of
cavities sugar going to the dentist I'm
going to the dentist today I got my
wisdom teeth out conveniently enough max
dad was the one who took them out and I
need to get my stitches out so that's
happening later today Evan I got up
Neera slightly early so we could film
some videos do you think do you think ah
the only issue is la decided to a bit
job and it's raining here like it never
rains the amount of you can see but it
is super raining here I think this is
what and I'm not going to step outside
there because getting your socks wet as
you know is the worst feeling in the
world it has not rained in like six
months and then all sudden you come to
town and you come to town and it starts
raining what's going on guys
okay so I'll just stop with this bad
speaking of raining dwarf I feel like
this is the perfect intro everything
just connects I put a roll of paper a
giant roll of paper this is super heavy
later today we're going to make a giant
paper airplane and attach Evan to it
exactly that's exactly and are you okay
okay that's right kids we're going to
make the world's largest paper airplane
strap Evan to it rolling off the balcony
I want to go across seas cause you could
do it bro gonna throw him off the
balcony we're going to call him Amelia
dwarf heart and he's going to be good to
go hopefully I come back however I
needed to stop raining for this to
happen paper does not work well in range
so LA if you could get your
together W don't do this a few moments
later oh snap I don't know if mother
nature watches my vlogs or why I think
she listened to me she's heard my call
there's a blue sky coming
mother nature please give me more of the
blue sky like I said it's early the
first thing we're doing today yo are you
resize it I feel like every video we end
up killing Evan he's going to pull this
five-gallon jug out of the refrigerator
except it's full of water so please
don't die on me bro you got this bro
so hilarious or shot of the day good
stuff shot two takes place at the pool I
have a longboard here Evan why don't you
show them your version of a longboard
this is a scene where I wish it wasn't
so rainy outside or cold yeah oh yeah yo
you're gonna be okay
I like it hypothermia yes yeah we also
did not bring you a Tahoe surprise
motherfucka
I love how you think about me sometimes
I think about you in my sleep and it
makes me back
oh these little skateboards can you
actually do trick Hey yeah yeah yo yo
what why should you actually do this
Evan okay it's time that's my boy here
we go yo I hope I don't kill this kid
Ashley like him
well seconds later I have I have bad
news and I have worse new health we were
practicing and the skateboard landed in
the pool and the worst news is that I
was a recording yeah man this sucks
where I have a dentist's appointment I
need to go to today what could you have
taught it guy in the hot tub behind us
because none of us want to get wet and
I'm going to try to recruit him to go
get it for us
he's driving it oh yeah you're working
work is what it still working an edge of
the power didn't go out then yeah we've
already oh we get a little moment yo
this is amazing action say thanks you
feel your hero okay
Jake - yeah how'd it feel
are you okay yeah keep it because it
looked great I don't like white clothes
on boy taking one for the team now about
that absent towel
we got to get this man inside he's about
to suffer from hypothermia caution wet
floor oh no no no it's just a you
mannequin challenge are you frozen
Humana can challenge you frozen then I
think we lost them there we go
we were just kidding Evan still alive
and also looking sexy as hell on this
skateboard salep yeah I buddy I gotta go
to the dentist appointment we slayed
another Dutch for slaying bang okay I'm
here at the dentist's office all not at
all no this is the hallway but I'm going
there and I'm hoping this doesn't hurt
that that I don't love mouth pain what a
weird thing to not like hey the
dentist's office
okay the torture chamber do it great
yeah can I get one of those you're gonna
be in my vlog yeah you are in the look
yo she sent me a DM when I was
complaining on Instagram that my teeth
hurt she's like hey I got you is it red
sure I preached it I never saw it but I
appreciate the thought
I'm joking you guys are actually awesome
I love coming here oh you're a I made it
a lot like a surprise
this actually doesn't hurt at all good
boo puberty home is what I meant to say
ah it's beautiful in LA I'm back near my
house and it stopped raining as you can
see except in one spot but why how is
this happening and why I understand just
in this one spot it's raining Hollywood
you never fail to freak me the pout I
die my house engineer I want to show you
something I've got a good vibe of a
second wife oh oh you what calm down
calm down
every culture Oh Walter that's a load of
hot dogs not heavy
but I think it's just a hundred thousand
in a day 100 congratulations to Logan
Paul for fasting a hundred thousand
subscribe you know what located for
lifetime we're out here you know it's
great what do you want to me by the time
you got your hundred thousand plaque
you've already hit one point soon yeah
we always win with the to cause any
watch out no games comin no what have
you done Evan no the food that I had my
personal chef make me is here hey what's
up this how much I don't feel like a
villain oh this is the move this is so
the move me right cuz I have my money
and I'm over here any tuna Yama be
honest with you I ran out of my money
it's strictly YouTube now so I figured
now is a good time to start building a
favorite airplane this roll of paper was
$150 I knew what was wrong
you're ripping the paper Oh Dan you I
just was talking about this I want you
to spend 150 can't get it to like a
drugstore for no because I wanted to set
out today to make the world's largest
paper airplane with the drawers attach
the drawer feed to my left house didn't
do it well this campus update his weight
was right you know that my lip break the
wall the city
oh yeah here we go you guys good like
like we keep out of here and then put a
number next to it okay Jeannie make a
square
you'll have to teacher cover you just
slice right through it oh and be like a
super here
but what not you you're letting the
middle no no you guys are idiots haunted
is happy I like this is not you've got
to tape the joint
you totally you missed it you guys are
both idiots how does it happen it's not
funny now we're gonna do it again the
cutest goddamn laugh I've ever heard I'm
not even mad at this kid anymore I think
this is a good time to do
today's notification shout out it goes
to Melissa T from Mexico my girl Melissa
thank you for my notifications on if you
guys want to shout out just turn my
notifications on and come in like done
or like looking for life this kid is so
cute it really might be only my favorite
human beings on planet Earth two L's
later ah I'm just kidding
he's already awake he's wide awake yo we
got a paper airplane to build your paper
airplane Oh
Ptolemy's your paper airplane bro that
you're going to sit on and ride fly
perfect this is your chance evan i copy
the world
Oh Joe with high an engineering major in
college we killed it bro Oh
the world's largest paper airplane this
is a frickin gorgeous one here let's
lift it up look at how much this is
gonna take flight oh you think it's
gonna hold you yeah for a short amount
of time
you haven't come back I need you for
this to fly that Marilyn what do bro
just take this then we already made it
plum is out of boys fault see you later
man
realistically grow a little record is
holy yeah we made a scram well boy hey
forever
yeah bro oh my god
this is amazing yo yo hey I don't want
to scare you but I want you to look
across the street so if you see oh I'll
fix it don't worry about it nothin hey
you're gonna be fine continue tell me
what you see oh yeah I doing what lady
why do you think they're waving
man let's go find out what yo they got
me Gainesville's no no I what yo I'm
coming down come right here always
brought me Gainesville's went to the
parking garage across from where I live
and we're just waving there or how long
you think they were there I'm fine
everything's fine oh yeah
yo come down some kids room what oh god
damn it mark you're pissing off madman
yo some fans across the street waving me
down and they brought games both because
we're the game's most let's go girl but
is my boy is my boy this is what this is
the best way around there's will growing
here the question of the day are you
guys low game it's so freaking beautiful
wood let's bring it on bring it in guys
squeaking savages important yeah
go how long were you guys flagging me
down just nothing it means illegal yeah
that's the way to do it if you're gonna
do it
hot damn gainful the low gang will see
you guys a couple of savages Oh
mm-hmm yeah the games are as good as em
let's get the dope man thank you guys a
little games before no one ever we need
to strap you to the airplane I think
it's time bro yeah let's do it yeah
oh my god yo x marks the spot that does
yo-yo down my god I think this needs one
final touch bro where's know that lady
she don't care about you so much
dunzo blah so what was the point of that
we're going to put it on Evan for good
luck that's good yeah this play button
right here is your bulletproof vest
rock-solid no stop no George why you
liked it very dangerous
weasel love of God how'd you land on the
stack nope it's not money vlogging this
is Evan hi he's a dwarf we put him on a
slow food paper airplane I'm gonna throw
them
Oh God the work my god yeah I'm not
gonna lies it's not alive we're not
going to do that okay wow that's like
hard
he's like I'm not o Street oh you can
play a little game thanks for who
doesn't follow don't run ah I feel from
my heel reading if you suck his buckle
lands on this take all my arms before we
take you up do this although we didn't
take flight we made this dope eight
basketball okay this is cool little bit
whoop that's my boy I wonder if it what
a second part that'll work bro I just
think it needs a little extra propulsion
and I have just the thing
we're gonna put gas on it you got this
it just needs a little extra we'll have
to push look with me go ahead paper it's
gonna catch on fire oh it is it's cotton
paper and you know it's cutting off
flammable cotton in yeah I know how
coming across blind outright I don't do
that because I got the love green ice
challenge
yo I'm thinking maybe the Jets aren't
the best idea huh yeah okay oh okay
look man you got a sub worry about being
clean all the time mark have a little
fun marks I'll be my mom yeah little
little little little I'm just gonna damn
it that's the word of the day damn god
damn it it just the airplane did not
work out like I wanted to and then the
just didn't happen
damn it yeah regardless it was a fun day
right now me and the squad are going to
watch actually one of the first cuts of
airplane mode if you do not know
airplane mode no airplane mode my movie
that I wrote produced and starred in and
it's going to be frickin heat right
anyway blow game I love you you know the
touched a glow game for life I will see
you guys tomorrow
take it easy fans
if you bitch I never know filming how to
get mom I just get your head in the
frame bristled on like I'm just going to
start filming like this
