okay telling these beings attain tell
he's being detained we're not asking you
let's go oh let's go it's pretty early
in 7:00 a.m. and I have five guys
between six foot one and six foot five
coming up to my house right now
Loen why do you have these guys coming
up to your house I'm glad you asked day
I'm gonna be pranking my brother Jakob
all now I gotta go get these guys
they're all waiting for his father then
they're all waiting downstairs and I
feel like these two are gonna be woken
up here shortly anyways so uh wake up
guys good morning let's go okay big ding
it is time to go meet these savages I
wonder if they've ever been logged
before and then be wrangled together by
a 21 year old let's find out whoo-hoo
there's my guys hey Dan what an
intimidating group of guys I'm terrified
right now what's up guys I'm just with
my security guards just with my security
guard that's all does anyone know why
they're here no guns no they know
they're here for a YouTube video they
don't know what's happening yet okay so
we are pranking my brother today my
brother did a prank where he he did an
overnight challenge in the White House
kids slept in the White House overnight
yeah then the next day he gets a call
from the Secret Service like actual
Secret Service and they're like hey we
need to interview you we need to come to
your house I'm like why don't I just
hire my own Secret Service to go and
Jake so that's what y'all
another speech
okay so I'm giving these guys the brief
on what exactly Jake did they're kind of
like scary this guy this tall guy he
hasn't said a word the whole time what
is it made you guys do not know what
happened why don't I show you it's like
eight o'clock right now and everyone's
gonna go to dinner upstairs smiling shot
to break away from the group
this is where I'm staying
I'll be real honest I don't know how to
get out of here thing this is oh oh my
god stay yeah row kids Loco I mean let's
be honest I would have done the same
thing but this kids still loco okay so
that happened can we all agree that my
brother is a little Loco just look
homeys a little love Co okay and then
and then this happen this is okay I had
was the story instead bought two hundred
dollars worth of Bluetooth headsets
there you go here you go Dan gets the
really intense one that looks like alien
type thing because he's the he's the
main guy plan for me was to sit in the
back of the SUV and me and Dan I'm just
gonna be talking I'm gonna tell him to
say if anything don't stick out an extra
one that's all guys I was talking about
always gone literally just left Shady's
looking guys gone ah yo toe is going
down
I'm ordered an SUV I tried to rent one
but my producers aka me did not do a
good job we're all going to pack into
this uber and then head on over to my
brother's house are you available to
like be with us for the next like two
hours sure you have an easy hi how you
guys feeling let's go I told these guys
that they can be as aggressive as they
want with Jake if he tries to resist
when you guys are like yo we're
detaining you beat his ass so right now
we're coming up with questions that we
can ask Jake here what did you want to
ask or you want do you take anything
from the the residents from the White
House that's a federal offense yeah what
rooms besides the bathroom if you
visited yeah I want to ask him be like
yo slant anything did you play anything
you have any connections to Isis like
all the above MIDI recording equipment
that was left on the property has to be
seized yeah
to see if there's a we're gonna sweep
this place for bugs who are you working
with who are you are you with exactly a
spunky Jake I feel your metal Adam your
food your Adam your Bowie okay we are
down the street from Jake's house here
is the plan one of his friends kate is
staying with him inside the house kate
is on our team everyone everyone's on
our team everyone knows what's happening
except Jake like even my dad okay he's
gonna be filming from inside these guys
are gonna when they see Kate Kate film
either gonna say sir you need to put the
camera down
exactly so yeah which point Kate is
gonna put the camera down
not really so then once these guys have
Jake seated at the table I showed them
where the table was Spencer's gonna run
around the outside of the house and get
another angle with this sniper we got
this sniper camera the long lens then
have another conversation Kate set up a
GoPro watching the GoPro and then
telling these guys what to say through
their ear and here's why this is going
to work like I said the actual Secret
Service is showing up at Jake's house
later today and in Jake's a vlog my dad
said this I wasn't that was legit but
now I am I'm with that set handsome boys
4 to 3 like you subscribe haha there's
my boy
there's my boy ok we are pulling up and
actually I am going to the back
hopefully he doesn't see me hopping in
the choke hold on yeah hi yo yo are you
mr. Palmer yeah step away from the back
up dude you're too close to the door ok
don't go walking in the door ahead you
need to calm down
what is this man yeah I'm looking for a
mr. Paul I'm miserable
ah Jay Paul okay you're is that your son
yes it Massapequa in place
yeah hold on okay we've got a few people
here so yeah s a free place thank you
okay you guys when you can you scatter
off the round side see if there's
anybody in here I got outside matches
two SUVs
tonight yeah
so they went talking out
he's going man we're coming all right
got a new chick ball hi channels
services we need to speak for a minute
so why don't we guys come on so let's
walk it up here right okay the only
inside no I just can hear that this is
are you the only residents of the house
right now for are you the only one
living here yes yeah all right I just
let's make one thing clear there's been
a federal offense so some of the things
that you put on or no yes sir we really
cannot have on its own this is a federal
situation we're dealing with here and
this cannot be broadcast okay by UPS on
so I can hear what Dan is saying and I
can tell then what to say all right
okay so let's let's establish something
right away what happened the other day
can you just say in your own words what
happened and why you were in the
situation for that longer time making me
sir yeah just it just changed no matter
what was it you know actually I was
invited to the White House and basically
I had this idea like there's a trend on
YouTube where you do overnight
challenges just try and like stay
overnight and I had the idea I was like
you know I wanna like stay overnight in
the White House right off the bat is is
you realize that staying over the White
House is a federal offense if you are
not invited and if you're in a property
scare guys guys let's cool it let's keep
it nice and cool you realize that's a
federal offense you could actually
really locked up for a criminal crime
but hands actually really good this like
I'm that he's going off on his own
anything you say from here on out is is
legally a federal offense if you lie to
us so this could actually be taken to
court for this okay I so please just
I didn't pick it up from when you're not
in I didn't know that it was legal like
I was I was invited I had a badge and
everything yeah but you beat it and he
went off on your own and hid in the
bathroom that is not labeled did he
remove anything from the property did
you remove anything from the property
did you take anything that even even the
most simple thing from the White House
did you remove anything from the
property or the resident I didn't move
anything I didn't talk to anyone that I
did Louis was this on yours at 3 a.m.
like were you really pooping that whole
time because that's impressive mr. Paul
were you actually pooping that whole
time because if so yes that's pretty
impressive
i sat on the toilet eggs going below the
toilet I was completely was there any
foreign interaction did you meet with
anyone from any other foreign country
that might be at risk to the United
States ask him if he has any ties with
Isis do you have any ties with Isis at
all I mean have you ever Google and
searched anything about Isis or looked
into that because we will need to
probably take your computer and and wipe
it and actually look for including if
there's an including are you including
your YouTube channel we're gonna have to
wipe your YouTube channel completely
okay telling me is being sane that is
being detained this is a matter of
national security and it's homeland
security that you're dealing with down
so we're actually going to have to and
you know again just as our guest as an
addictive detainee we're gonna have to
go we're actually gonna bring you have
to bring into Washington so so we're
gonna have to search your yo-yo set a
all these time hey hey hey
we're not asking you let's go oh let's
face it
Oh Jake you will come with us back my
dad off and Ricky bringing them to the
car I won't go with you you won't go
offending him come I don't like I don't
like them don't fight now for your
region oh go go go get in the car get in
the car
yo bro they got you too cuz they got you
too Road The Secret Service is in here
yeah Papapa was he on it lovable acting
career I hate you guys get this man in
Oscar get this man oh I love you bro
I do I do I love ya I love you bro can't
say the same these guys these guys did
it today brought he was acting yo yo you
were mr. aggressive I was like dad calm
down it made it so much more real noise
I know but I was like I was worried that
these guys would be like yo mr. Paul's a
psycho I'm gonna take that man down all
right I told him I was like I was like
yo my dad is a hard-ass he's gonna be
aggressive and then yeah they did good
acting man actually low Jake is leaving
any any final goodbyes any last words
screw you love ya I'll see you later
Logan I by Jake a little bit a little
bit a lot of my Oh
Hertz hey yo so that was a day I think
that one's going down in the books I
still don't know what happened to the
one guy that one tall intimidating guy
find it weird that he just left but okay
yo can we get this video to 100,000
likes I'm just kidding I know we can
let's make it one hundred twenty-five
thousand one hundred and twenty-five
thousand likes in this video if you
liked it the low gang got this let's go
today's notification shoutout goes to
Tristan LP productions so stir in my boy
thank you for having my notifications on
brother and uh yeah I think that's it
dude frickin bangers out here in the low
gang ending the vlog a little early I
don't think and get so much better than
that subscribe if you are not a part of
this family breath and I will see you
guys tomorrow
take it easy peace
that's your bid
