you're right right oh this is awkward
rook I brought this right oh I feel so
stupid right
oh the current time is 5:40 a.m. I got
three hours of sleep and I'm guessing
mark here is only on probably two hours
of sleep right now whenever Mark passes
out on one of these full of sex I know
that he just been partying all night
look at this guy like Hulu sleeps like
this dude me oh you're awake okay good
so this means that I have to whispers
honesty's not remember it is Karzai
things will just become regular
oh I'm also worthy I am going to Houston
chicks there's a little game being
played there this weekend called the
favorable Super Bowl Super Bowl home to
us can be fun I'm packed and ready to go
I think I just got to say goodbye to my
boy maverick to pay more morning to you
too sunshine are ya cool
I'm gonna miss you buddy you know oh
yeah oh thank you I don't know I'm not
sure I've been thinking about it but
then I thought about it I was like what
no no I'm gonna boss alright I love you
buddy I'll see you soon okay well I be
filming goodbye to you all goodbye to
you laughs goodbye to you sweet potatoes
goodbye to you too Martin Oh
so being that I didn't really get any
sleep I need to take the time very music
car rides oh my god what is it look at
this scary movie I know a scary movie my
sex life damn it
I'm asaji I need to take this time to
sleep and also on the plane to sleep
cool so yeah truck is here
I'm still awake in my sex life josuke
I'm afraid you got your big activist
just we all TV that means I have arrived
in France I'm such a rebel bro someone
is supposed to be here with me where is
my guy
but alas I have found him manager just
wanted how are you early hot all right
do me something yeah
today I'm inventing I'm so good also
question what did you see what series
like number see behind once they behind
you a number like are you are you aisle
middle no middle window both little girl
hey little Pedro I'm tiny cuz ha long
display can't do it sorry everyone
staring me this restaurant yo what gives
you I'm a vlogger none even know this
model I go I feel like I'm living in a
sea anemone you know like finding me Mom
you mean me
ok so do you guys see this guy right
here the one with his back to us
oh he's blurry oh no first off he has
the same backpack of me which is
interesting that's just one of a kind
girl that guy right there with the same
backpack as me I needed to use faith
that is a guy who was in the video with
Donald Trump and when I say the video I
mean these video grab multiplicity that
is the guy who has an interviewer who is
talking to Trump it's going to look
something like this
what's on my tortilla press nothing
years ago all day okay so I think I got
anything notice he put on sunglasses
he's trying to be inconspicuous
well I saw you bro this is my
super-secret iPhone camera and I don't
know where this guy is actually I just
saw him you know Billy Bush do you I
don't area oh all I wanted to do was we
and it's really hard for me to sleep I
like sitting straight up it's okay you
know
sometimes I'm like you win sometimes I'm
like you lose today we took the L kids
guard this Houston here I come the stars
at night are big and bright deep in the
heart of Texas
deep in the heart of know I knew new
people cheering Wow yeah I need to vlog
with that camera
why they tear him bro what do you have I
think for the young can you get it it
for making it in this little thing with
me I'll get it
oh okay stars us nice big and even the
heart of Texas
where it is why then I keep in the heart
hae-jin moon is like to the video oh
there's so much patience i just walked
outside the airport and yo it's true
what they say everything is bigger in
Texas Rome I feel like penises already
enlarge slightly cool also these pillars
are massive because that's a big van and
these are big pillars and everything is
so big all I can say it's fun even these
roads are matching how many lanes of
these roads six lanes on these roads
also there's a girl staying with us at
our house as well as the other youtuber
who I've been hinting at her instagrams
right here emotions everything go boom
okay take take her up okay okay she's
bad haha
he's been the heart or the
oh yeah I'll just throw we had dogs
we got nose oh in the right spot yeah my
god Oh someone made a big mistake
apparently the people who set up this
house only booked like one room and that
is an issue because there are five of us
so the girl I referenced I've not hung
out or met her like once other youtuber
also like same situation so when I'm
like yo guys I got the hook-up role come
be huge come to my house he's gonna be
dull enough so we're all confined to
just one room I look pretty stupid oh
boy they're talking about it right now
look it's not a disaster yet can I tell
you something Jeff I can't say I didn't
see this coming really it just seemed
too good to be true right just like oh
let's go to the Super Bowl is stay in a
nice house like it doesn't make any
sense
but it's like isn't making sense because
it is too good to be true bro I mr. Josh
from Ohio I don't deserve that a few
moments later current situation stranded
on the streets of Houston again let me
emphasize how big everything is here
like God man I will say though I'm
looking around this place is beautiful
mark my words lo gang fire Instagram
pictures will be taken here can you give
me a little update on what's happening
looking young we're broke go go that
pardon me doctor we got housing written
down now what we got some Super Bowl
ultra-lux town house further away okay
fine I'll take it I don't care this one
probably my box my fabulous it's looking
at me I tell you something better
what it's a great bed cool gym I was
want to let you know I still think too
good to be true
okay you're such a suspicious mouth boy
there's a little hiccup with the houses
like it yeah yeah sleeping on the street
that's I've said for a second for maybe
two seconds we were pakka light
cardboard box this is the check yeah got
it
me my tree broke my new brick is chicken
row expensive Texas chickens got that
YouTube money cuz the YouTube blog money
guess ok so right now we were on our way
to the house Jeff I still would assume
bro
ok they doing drugs again
alright cool anyways I think this is
still too good to be true like it
doesn't make sense that we were able to
get a house of this fast but my fingers
are crossed also right told me he's
never been to a football game
I've never been to a football game high
school middle school elementary school
college but NFL never you've never been
to an elementary school managed to any
of you flexible have never been yelled
and his first game is the Super Bowl my
man this is borderline not real life is
a good let's go ok ok we're sitting
outside and if we're this is our house
dude this might be the boy no do you
think did we did we make it
later mom yo why are you caring my bag
dude oh my God thank you
there's a dead body in here oh cool you
know this house comes with an audio and
a BMW
Wow oh my god yo you scared me it's a
world most mothers bring that for dudes
the one Ellen don't mind if I do
she's the cardboard bro speaking of
cardboard I'm so glad we got to sleep in
cardboard boxes tonight yeah Wow yes yes
yes good I'm actually vibing really hard
here I was a balcony yo this is like
cool man it sort of reminds me of Ohio
my home like really urban you guys know
like la there's a city lights everywhere
I like this place
yo boy oh they got a treadmill for all
my treadmill needs yes yeah yeah yeah
yeah I feel like I know what you guys
are thinking the Logan and I we're
always on the same page
where is the girl right the girl that I
mentioned where is she I believe she is
close she's coming - oh god this is
going to be a disaster how am I not
supposed to go on to here and then go on
to there and then there and then there
let's just hope the people who own this
house do not watch my vlogs but if they
do like and subscribe me bro I owe you a
thank-you I did it I didn't think you
did it no you come through yo shops the
Instagram big shout-out and Instagram
sent us out here ain't gonna be dull
together stops to Instagram you guys
know that app you hit me up on in our
Logan Paul anyway
yo this is going to be the best one
you're 27
oh we got you so good Oh Frank baby
this is summer guys summer spoke and oh
right but it's pronounced like the
season house not all your life is true
fear all yo summer I like that bag
thankful it is a cute bag why is your
bag moving what it inside your bag
that's pretty girl yo what the is
that giant hamsters living inside your
bag this little bad guys this is a
highly equipped for him wearing a diaper
things are usually like MTV Cribs
yeah yeah oh my god mom I got the
hook-up no so oh look Dumber
likes her dogs better than she likes
humans apparently while we are running
and she says wowie even though his name
is Rory oh you got a diaper he's not a
dog bro he's a big hamster he for the
vlog dog there it is yo okay so y'all
hub copy there's a diaper on look
there's no P there's no page of dog he
thinks you seen you missed it bro you
missed it okay low gang so I am changed
and ready to go out for the night look
at these kicks did you see his tech bro
are you looking to dizzy him that today
was kind of a travel day you know not
much went on we went from here to there
and now we're out here we have a couple
parties to go to tonight it's going to
be fun I'm a dancer do like the sort of
tennis and then tomorrow in Houston it
is going to get lit in life it is going
to get flames water lamp with rice bro I
need rice you're right right oh this is
awkward
I'll go out this race oh I feel so
stupid right I want to know that the
next couple days of other girl ha oh
that's what I said
boy okay yo it's going to be lit take it
easy Sam I'll see you tomorrow
peace
if you bitch all you have to do click
your heels together three times then you
can get a hundred million subscribers
they work
