I am at the top of the Eiffel Tower and
you cannot even tell hey morning okay
what's the matter
the time is 8:06 a.m. and evan is still
sleeping well not so he just went to
sleep we are just going to we have not
gone to sleep yet let me dice up in
Paris is the city of parties and boy did
we party hahaha the goal the goal is to
get up in two and a half hours so yeah
that's the goal at 10:30 a.m.
hopefully I will see you guys and I wake
up successfully all right pieces hey
what's up so something happened
something happened at some point in the
night it is boom one forty-three p.m.
yeah he just heard that yeah bro yes
done we messed up he was supposed to get
up I like I think I said 10:30 a.m. not
love what 8:30 you want to give our lose
that cuz let me tell you G we aren't
even close to that I don't know what
happened my alarm did not go off I would
have done it i'ma set my alarm now I'm
like yo it's our last day in Paris we
freakin blew it moral of the story is do
not go out and party kids you will die
slowly let's get cleaned off hey how are
you yes my boys awake yes yo give
sunglasses for me I need this cuz thank
you as you guys know it was it was a
very rough night last night in morning
non-stop morning's after we oh I didn't
wake up for my log I know me sir nice
not do it this is tragic it's 3 12 p.m.
we have 1 hour of daylight left what do
you say about a Natur actually yeah as
if this is pointing that thing so all of
this happened yesterday and then that
also my god oh my god Kevin did you do
this so you like this I did do don't
like a lie I suck I promise the wine was
an accident but I do have some good news
Shaitan is alive
barely yo the whole night was first I
lost you guys you were gone I don't live
in this club and I almost wore my gonna
do and that he is God also DS God I was
worried about this actually I think I
did done I just come back to life a
little axed and everyone bad you ever
always dope yeah it's actually critical
look at God's he's chill he's so chill I
was like actually no life's alright I'm
so I've came back to life oh I'm backing
out why I'm glad you're back God if
you're watching my vlogs sorry I had to
take my boy way I'm sorry about it oh
yeah drink next time yeah okay I left
Iman yeah yeah bro we're going to the
avatar got distracted my whole work he
takes with Cyprus know what we're going
over this what is this Oh Shh boo we
need sham be filled let's go totally
broke
I come down to the lobby and these guys
are waiting for me why not looking like
savages with the same glasses dabbing it
you and this girl dabs like a queen Oh
going with the low gangsters okay my
posture cast Acosta yo meeting fans is
the best especially when you're hungover
y'all so sorry guys I'm frickin tired
from also good news Ryan is alive we're
all very excited we are alive we are
thankful for that ah here we go
yo yo yo salt level is max right now is
anyone want to tell me why can anyone
take a guess I mean pure fuck
he'll gulps dick apart from the
Americans
he said pure fog your accent is hard
really clouds are so low oh the views
gone
the view is pushed King card no where's
the top of the Eiffel Tower the top is
missing yeah at the top of the Eiffel
Tower is gone it's like we have half an
Eiffel Tower and half of this guy
understand I had so many ideas
Evan and I could take Instagram pictures
for but now that the top is missing
we're gonna make this work well we're
gonna do something epic
there's golden statues ever this one's
naked this is well she's beautiful
Hayden you won't smash right now yo
you'll come back i'm back waiting stop
so Evan I actually have an idea bro so
we wanted to do a picture III hold
Evans feet and we make our own Eiffel
Tower like he's at the top do the pointy
thing he does that I think we should
still do it and be like the Eiffel Tower
disappeared so we made our own right
that's a move so we're running around
here trying to find a good spot to take
the picture it's very difficult cuz I'm
trying to not get a other people in it
and then be any like railings or
anything this might be them all wait a
second yo what is this this guy looks
like me yeah for all this guys sexy
Hayden you'll smash what Hayden
hey hey what are you doing bro I think
this is the move after some well it is
our evidence on its the move we got some
rockets
we got half of the Eiffel Tower we got
that sexy guy and his girlfriend and if
not I'm gonna swoop as soon as this nice
couple here leaves Evan and I are gonna
smash this picture yeah it was scary
yo this man this mess because yo I'm
telling you you get heavy yo yo my bad
Wallace oh my god this is amazing
amenity bro hey and you hatin you killed
it on the camera
I got it oh I was gonna show you a bitch
again and my man killed it on the camera
y'all but I have a question for you what
up what's up bro waiting so what did he
fell I'm along him in mid muling that
would have you dying
yeah yo good what's the like though I'm
going out being you die you go out big
even if you're little it's for the small
jokes are just I need to chill like it's
funny but I just feel like a hassle so I
haven't smacked me Brad yeah yeah go
good for me that's my boy hey so the
picture was heat we are walking to try
to get to the top of the Eiffel Tower as
you know the tip of the Eiffel Tower is
missing prepare for a barrage of
inappropriate jokes it just looks like
it's supposed to go isn't it when she
says just the tip whoa oh my god one of
these common with the Eiffel Tower
Oh thoughtful don't really know take it
I can't oh oh there's a rubber band I
mean he can't you can't take it bro this
is protective rubber band I'm just gonna
have to go wrong oh yeah oh my goodness
cheers my boy yes it's already good you
demolished it I'm starving and it is
actually really good I know what you're
thinking guys Logan you shouldn't be
eating that crepe it's unhealthy I'm a
little hungover it's it's not that
unhealthy and I'm hungry I'll allow it
just this once and Hayden allows it so
I'd watch like a bawdy oh that's my dope
easy down this actually looks so
beautiful and I and I know this is not
gonna be able to capture it check this
out I'm walking in the street right now
but look at this thing is just gorgeous
oh my god but it's the fog geez dude our
car sorry sorry car we got so lucky and
it's just lit literally it's lit this
happens at the top of every hour it
lights up for three minutes
yo this is absolutely gorgeous we are
currently under the Eiffel Tower oh my
god it's like the butthole to life and
my head's in it I'm in the head of the
butthole July this is incredible bro put
your head in the butthole with me though
the stairs were closed because it's too
late so we're actually gonna take the
elevator to the top thank God
Televi a lot of your work I was worried
I was wondering out to carry you bro
which I'd beat down cuz he's a mom Oh
Real Talk Evan I'm so excited to go to
the top of the tower
that's not that's not oh yes everyone's
packing in an elevator this can only
mean one thing
orgy this kids which I should be saying
that I'm just gonna back up a little bit
you can join this family bro oh you're
in bro you're in whoa everybody you're
on the vlog cool I'm the only one
excited though this is so cool we are
literally inside of power right now
having your family go with ever you I
thought I was tall watch out
okay you got this close to beating my
ass okay yo how's the view I haven't
looked yet I'm not looking I'm not
looking at me okay I'm look up to you
yeah yo this fog I wish it wasn't foggy
but damn I mean it's the view still good
it's still it's so cool every what do
you think I don't know oh damn it I
don't know though is it cool yes it's
pretty cool he makes the jokes too it's
not just me I'm guilty nice to check
this out this is gorgeous it's infinite
this will never end Hayden you are so
right this looks like it never ends I
didn't if you could just run off that
money you just sprint up the top
we are taking a second off apparently
we're not doing it now because the
elevators go by I Love You Jett damn
beaucoup as I was saying we have to take
a second elevator to get to the top top
sasha coop nesting experience yeah and
yes yes yes yep whoa whoa man freak it
out yeah I'm the Dorothy know this is
like 10 like 20 times higher than it oh
my gosh you're right like this we're and
we're in the fog that we made fun of
earlier I've been recording for 50
seconds we're just with this is not
style my his fault my ears are popping
yo let's do this yo this is the view
this is the view bro
take a break and take it all in this is
the view right now look it's the
architrave walk ever would you think
room and there's some clouds like I am
at the top of the Eiffel Tower and you
cannot even tell yo what is his mental
the camera doesn't even have anything to
focus on like this just fog yo what are
these people real I don't understand
they doing the mannequin challenge at
the toughest I feel like this doesn't
fit in at all ah it's really cold
heaven yo haven't you are you frozen are
you doing the mannequin challenge my man
are you are you frozen to death I'm not
gonna lie to you it's cool being up here
but I wish I would have seen Paris this
view is non-existent and I'm sad it's
okay bro
but look at the chef from the hotel yeah
wait with the what oh no you did not
you brought this from the hotel that you
stole we stole this useful yes we made
you like a towel but dude it's okay we
got champagne we have the chef Jackie
yeah we're bathing Paris yeah you you're
bathing this is gonna land us someone
robes gone this is out of the way wow
this is we're just reaching out to the
abyss mom if you're out there like it
subscribe
oh yo it is looking up actually the
shampoo and the lights the lights that
come every hour are happening right now
yeah I don't know if you made this truck
alright but this is quite lit literally
lit lit literally yeah I did a joke okay
bye all jokes aside it is freezing right
now so that is it for the vlog I'm like
doing my outro you guys can come I'm
just a vlogger I just make bucks
that's all I do that's all I do if you
guys took pictures of us with us while
we were here tweet them at me Instagram
them at me at Logan Pole and also
subscribe if you're not a part of the
lobe - we'll see you guys next time for
my French audience out of Perl shit
peace
Oh do I know you
shantu
