heyyo good morning go gang what is pop
so as you can see I've been getting it
this morning
I am in the gym if you could not tell
look there's me to prove it with Gucci
it's Tuesday I feel good I feel very
good this Tuesday it's gonna be a good
day
I said it humbly a good day and well
what a great way to start the day that
was a pretty good workout I got swole
for sure day I did have one minor hiccup
though I was on Facebook live in my
phone drop but no worries dude my phone
is just as tough as me just as tough as
the low gang it is fine okay thank God
who did you tell my phone anyway let's
go upstairs go get changed and go say
what's up to my boy maverick the Paris
where's my boy was it were easy what up
I'm good how are you buddy
good good oh I just worked out that was
good my phone drops too are you pooping
in my vlog no no you're disgusting yeah
you really do what no yeah you are broke
yes you are I can't do that buddy I'm
sorry that is a mark mark I have
something to show you
what
one Oh what are you doing yeah bro you
just didn't want you to die biggest
winnings dude so you put 5k on one hand
and I won and you didn't do it again no
why because we manifested a bro
manifesting we made it happen we said at
the beginning the weekend 5k on black
what was me I just kept repeating it
five camp I'd be sleeping and wake up a
worker bored and then we did it bro and
one and now I think it you know you
should have done tell me because I don't
know she's with 5k you put on black in
the pocket the other 5k I'm black again
yo mark the euro you are a gambler that
is irresponsible yeah I'm learning now I
got 10k for free
yeah what if I'm not good at it man bro
you got it you got it bro I'm starting
right now okay so I am actually
conveniently enough on my way to my
business managers office he's gonna help
me with my finances cuz I don't know how
to do that cuz I'm not in the dope but
speaking of finances I get in the car
and my driver yo what's up dude what's
up what's your name bro Jonathan he's
like yo I've been having some issue what
happened this morning
look man I've been struggling all right
in I actually bank with and he just
charged me for overdraft fees so which
sucks what is the total amount a hundred
a hundred and twenty dollars that they
just charged me extra when I only spend
$20 yo this is bullsh no bueno my man
sometimes in life it gives you lemons
but you have to make beef stew that
makes sense these two it is your beef
stew today comes in the form of a
hundred-dollar bill that I'm gonna give
you right now
look this is your nice sweetie God I'm
your Locke bro I'm feeling generous
today generous you're funny man I swear
to god I'm giving you this money right
now my man take this on the hook I'm
gonna give it back to you no I swear to
God that is yours hey Rover Jaffe no way
pay your fees well see you guys I swear
the guys check it if it's real it's real
wrong I swear to God
yes I got in the car and I was like you
told me this smells like oh this is a
sign hopefully that makes your day a
little better of course bro everyone
needs a little pick-me-up every now and
then
IG you have a good day come out be some
of course of course did it I guess this
is a good time to issue a daily
challenge to you Logan
go out and do a good deed make someone
smile do something cool even if it's
small you'll feel like a boss I feel
really good right now that was fun two
L's later and now we were back home
where's my boys with my squad hey guys
why am I the only one home where did
Mark go mark more MORE okay so after
some further inspection mark is nowhere
to be found
do I call the cops and like file like a
missing-persons warrant but it's okay
right I got the whole house to myself I
could do stuff like this Oh see that was
cool no I didn't realize when I landed
how soft this whole setup would be dude
and now I'm just getting kinda sleepy
I'm a bit hungry today I have not eaten
yet so I'm gonna grab one of my pre Pepe
Pepe Pep Boys there's everything for
less bad boys does everything
pre-prepped meal made by my personal
chef car me car me once again thank you
for these meals the frickin dirt they
were twerking with the veggie omelet
smash hmm okay uh what is happening next
oh I know I'm getting my carpet clean
I'm adopting see how dirty this is no
one likes a dirty carpet so I took the
liberty of hiring adults to do adult
stuff for me uh I'm learning dude I was
expecting like adults or like maids or
sudden these kids are like four I'm
slightly over exaggerating they're
probably more like twelve or thirteen
okay I'm not gonna lie still
exaggerating but more like maybe like
twenty there's a void a girl it looks
like they're like Mary and they're like
19 or 20 years old
okay sick I'm gonna try and sneak the
camera and show you guys I had to put
maverick in his cage cuz this thing is
really loud but I think he's a little
scared really I'm just trying to show
you guys these kids they're like right
behind me I gotta be super secret
yo were you able to see that I'm just
I'm stunned
good for them dude freaking out here
making businesses and stuff meanwhile
I'm just vlogging my life away no show
at first I was like these kids are here
to clean my house and then I looked on
the counter bro they got some sort of
like milky powdery substance mean I'm
not trying to say anything but look dude
that looks like crystal meth to me what
do you see what is out like you it looks
like carpet cleaner why I thought it was
crystal meth oh you say that already
what about the - about the - no this one
say these kids like when we make eye
contact they look at us a little longer
than usual like peers through yeah then
here's two I'm like kinda sketched out
right now dude and he's behind me
honestly I was just using it as a
describe distraction so he wouldn't see
me pointing the camera at it oh snap
porn water car oh snap bro please
important monkey oh but that camera's
huge mark Jesus is bigger than your head
but also yeah you're right
that's an interesting way to clean
carpet if it gets the job done it gets
the job done okay so the shady carpet
cleaners just left and everything was
explained to me let's start off with the
carpet though first off I know it looks
dark but that's cuz it's gonna be clean
it's gonna be spotless so all those
shady they did do a good job oh all I
was gonna be like it was not crystal
meth but they actually left it here oh
no see maybe they're framing us maybe I
spoke too soon why would they leave it
here oh no I'm gonna try and deliver
this to them hello hello okay they're
gone uh I'm not getting framed for this
it's gonna but yeah when they were
leaving I asked I was like yo how old
you guys the girl is 18 and the guy is
23 how would they run a carpet cleaning
business that's adopting all so I told
us she was like staring she was holding
her looks at me for longer than she
should same with the guy they're both
just attending when she left she goes by
the way I like your vines so everything
was explained to me what mrs. carpet
cleaning lady vine is dead it is days
over dunzo rusty piece vine rusted the--
oh sorry about that so I have an
audition tomorrow it is nine pages I
printed two so I have 18 pages it's a
big one I actually just got off a call
with my agent Lowe's we've been killing
it for you bro you have this audition
this audition this audition yo Jim no
sleep is martini call ourselves team no
sleep because uh we don't really sleep
because that's what savages do son but
yeah the point is a lot of a TV a lot of
film stuff it's good stuff and that's I
go for you that's why I originally moved
out to Hollywood and I think it's cool
that you guys get to live this journey
with me as I blossom into a young movie
star but enough talking
it's highlight time we only making the
hard
so I did smash the Smashing was
confirmed and now I'm taking a plunge
down the stairs off of it did you forget
that they're wet Logan I think you did
my socks bro i socks are freakin wet
dude also why can I do that coming in
and you could see just the wet miserable
poor black ugly soggy to have a moister
sock it's a bad day to be a sock kids
it's a bad day maverick you'll never
know what it's like to have wet socks no
you won't you Roberta you don't wear
socks no you don't never I respect you
too but you don't know what it's like
boom so what's up guys some time has
passed I studied a little bit I went to
dinner meeting after bitch haha just
kidding I didn't go to a dinner meeting
do not forget go out and do a good deed
today do something nice do something
that makes someone feel good it's a cool
thing you know paying it forward and
stuff it'll be cool man feels good to do
good things and on that note I love you
guys I will see you tomorrow take it
easy fanboys
it's your bit funny cuz I'm adopting I
was vlogging it's like I come home to
this mess
no girl resulting your adult single era
Dante
