oh good morning little gang was about so
we got back from Las Vegas yesterday as
you guys know I married a couple
yesterday like I officiated their
wedding I now pronounce you husband and
wife you may kiss the bride
I was up there and I said I now
pronounce you husband and wife you may
kiss the bride and when it's awesome
locking lips I was like damn I must be
nice as well what so if you want to be
my wife the application is in the
description box below I just honestly I
need someone who loved me and hugged me
and make me their own anyway this is
Eric he's a friend of mine oh you look
dapper you look good as arrogance of
your arrogance of your boy genius and
true what nice to the thing I can yeah
you say bitch ah savage rope true boy
genius Savage and he repeats everything
twice
true true haha yes you got the joke ji
Eric's here I'm like yo do you want to
throw doughnuts off my balcony and have
people catching the mouse he said
obviously and then bird so that's what's
happening right now so Eric drove here
bro yeah yeah I'm impressed with this
head-on it's a pretty nice car huh this
is why I say he's a boy genius he's
building satellites how are you 18 I
want to know what the were you doing
when you were 18 nothing you're not Eric
yo this is dope car I'll wait so let's
take someone else's man it looks it
looks like someone else is getting into
Eric actually I'm stealing your car so
Joe not time every now and then I hear a
knock on door knock and Jonah
every now and then I need a doughnut
Inman we're actually going to get
doughnut holes logistical why do you
think it's gonna holds over donut don't
know hope they're just really in times
better no bro because they're easier to
catch in your mouth absolutely Matt I
want to do a ton of doughnut holes row
can we do like people that box see
that's a 50-buck great to do it oh my
god doughnut hole oh Jesus
thanks bro I appreciate you hang what's
happening here why your mouth
yo chill we're about to do a strip show
punk rock alright well there's two guys
here and one has a megaphone so unless
I'm missing something
all the girls out there I am who is that
right well that was that right okay
really a lot of here bro oh I'll have to
keep your voice what about you
he might know you guys have the worst
excuses ever wanna fuck you here oh oh
that's what I like to hear
that's my boy yo this is Eric hey I'd
like that oh he didn't help with the
trajectory
yeah great hardware to say exactly sure
Jeff in the software I swear you guys
feel like here's what I want to do a lot
more but I can't no it's okay listen I'm
gonna toss one in your mouth who's ray I
feel like you're especially good at this
my mom oh oh so close you guys go down
to the sixth floor office and I'll talk
about the hurt on you gotta you're
probably definitely right now it's going
to kill their face okay we are about to
throw the first doughnut we're going to
cut to our ground control George
thanks Logan hey we're done by the floor
waiting for you to throw some doughnuts
down there are hailing doughnuts ow
yeah hailing doughnuts quick back to you
look black thanks George man you guys
are really into the black cover there's
no sir here we go oh whoa white
chocolate broke each one's getting it
your Naviance melodically it was a
birthday what is the trajectory was on
point C he does know weave it in Nice as
though I want to get one that's it and
then we're going to send them down to
the ground eight floors out all night I
say mate you're not British I did an
Australian for a while okay well there's
Oh get it
yes that's my boy I don't know how to
tell you this but can you go to the
ground we're doing an eighth floor drop
it hurts so bad it hurts real bad well
your punch I'm not doing the head slide
look really following my truths about
the medieval homie walks in and says his
lip is oh my god bro donuts are
aggressive yo you were two floors down
I'm about to go eight floors down here's
the thing between me though if you knew
eight floors I'm a savage your standards
oh we already know this so I'm oh no you
didn't feel it why would it go so you
might have had a Lamborghini but I got a
star bro you got a star look down there
you go oh my god it's beautiful isn't
that great isn't that crazy okay we are
on location I'm looking up here I think
George and Ray are up there oh yeah
better good guy the georgian array we're
complaining about it hurting from two
floors down this is eight floors so
that's how many times four times there
you go four times higher oh boy guys
mind you I caught my lid on the sixth
floor yep this is going to go right
through his jugular are you ready my boy
I'm ready
oh my god it's just her like a baby oh
my god yo no joke how do I can do it it
hurts all across the street I feel I get
a lesson to throwing it straight down
you can help me with it yeah is that
harder than like a lot yeah yeah it has
air friction and all that stuff yeah
we're across the street right now and
hopefully this is going to work a little
bit better see this yep one over there
Logan are you good
aren't you going to cause an accident
maybe bro if I have to run out I'm doing
it let's see how savage Logan is all
right go one go this is possible this is
definitely
Oh No easy relaxing thread looks little
on me sighs oh I'm sorry I was not now
I've got legs and face like one too many
doughnut hole today I think we call it
quits I'm in pain dude this was funded
under ball so we get back up to the room
I look in the mirror my face is screwed
by donut George and Ray are gone their
lives if they're gone apparently you
can't catch the donut in your mouth you
lose your friends Minh cool got it I'll
be your friend mate oh they're for you
thanks Eric let me ask you a question
my only friend when you look inside this
box what do you see I see no doughnuts
really I'm done because I I see failure
Eric likes my jokes dude here you can
see some stay where you hang around all
that you said oh okay my own house yeah
yeah
I'll leave bro yeah do you want to my
places do you want to deed to my house
that's my you want to deed to my house I
do I'll take the DS yo wait a second
there's hope more friend more friends my
boy how are you probably how are you
problem want a I can barely see you with
this camouflage teacher that where you
going thank you
what do you think of this bro you see my
face
yeah wait wait what happened I got shot
in the face with donuts
whomp up go away I didn't see ah I
understand but you're going no you don't
know you don't leave me alone bro oh
they weren't vegan that's why huh
yah yah diggin this is what we can do
the German commander what do you what do
you see in this box what do you see oh
my god what do you think of this view
bro
it's amazing have you ever been to
Hollywood I've never been always Oh
in the jungles of mighty jungle the lion
please tonight when I'm noticing
actually so this bill you guys knowing
always complain about this building yeah
it's in the way but yo I think I think
either the building move or this is
probably was actually happening the Sun
is now setting more to the right
something getting on kinda motherfucking
hair I don't know what happened with
your room oh okay manager just like you
give me get what is this given to me
fish room even top secret oh the Vilna
says the dual behind us there Eric knows
as a trusted pioneer of Earth's most
cutting-edge technology we feel the
contents of the box of best students in
their hands our mission is to connect
people in the real world with that - box
contains future of establishing deep
meaningful human connection may find
your loans provides you with a vision
into your own future this top-secret box
is serialized to your name - the future
is in your hands
trust no one except whoever you use it
with wait still not as good but from
what
we can tighten this make like ii anti
rating this is an interesting device
apparently this device in the future
except it doesn't work so the future
family is gonna be shit find a partner
put on the headset be together so i
wonder if there is no vr yeah i don't
think it right not supposed to make you
stand near someone it's kind of steps
job your gifts up girl what is supposed
to do find a partner put on the headset
be together those doesn't actually do
anything
our mission is to connect people in the
real world
oh my god little world with yeah but due
to car yeah but it's dark inside I don't
like this VR trolley Rosie oh it's
definitely broken I think
oh wow come on blah blah Jeffrey when
you look inside this box what do you see
don't know where really because I don't
see in fact I only see failure he's like
what where is the failures it's an
inside joke in the vlog you'll never
understand oh boy man your logic is so
full it's full no no don't know don't
know gang I have bad news someone's
leaving chaotix Eric I'd be in any more
blogs though ok heck yeah Hogan love me
I do love him I just met him today bro
I'm dead surely not ok everyone must
know he heard that I could do okay so I
was outside in the balcony someone
walked by someone who I loved separated
for so long bro it's been a tea for you
I'm falling hard come back tomorrow
what I like that jacket ah
come here man how are you how was Canada
good it's cold snowy normally just mash
yeah I love that guy yo it's so late at
night and I see people on the parking
garage across the street oh my god
they're doing jumps and jumping jacks
and dabbing all the above so late dude
hello gangsters one day I hope to meet
you as second flake in yo what's up
where you guys from what are your names
when you got from our
okay oh very cool okay and I interrupt
you are you in the low game hell yeah oh
we go son let's go of it yes
what do you have room why am I looking a
wallet Batman a batman wallet speaking
on boy
every everyone bring some games but we
gotta do it a little bit different I
loved it I loved it you're giving this
to me at my bro I am honored and who the
calling me when I'm vlogging George
George Jake oh uh uh hang up bro nice to
meet you rose it's a big it'll be dull
okay low gangsters the time is passed
it's almost midnight me yeah you boys go
to bed I'm a bit tired and as you guys
know when I come back from trips like I
just with the Las Vegas I'm bombard it
was just work and adults I get back so
that's kind of what today was about I
had a lot of emails and blah blah other
fun so yes okay
the point is I love you thank you guys
for watching for those of you watch the
end I said all the time and you guys
feel loved you bring girls girls - I
love you hope everyone anyways I will
see you guys tomorrow
take it easy fam
thank you be my Ally that's the Mexican
version that's true ha ha ha
