what is up Internet my name is Logan
Paul outdoor father today we're putting
him in AH this suitcase and shipping him
to Paris wave your final goodbye alright
let's do this
here we go hey y'all good morning gang
so yo today today was going down Evan
I'm gonna fly on a plane but inside LA
Evan is visiting me from Maryland we've
been friends for what three years now
he's when I first friends when I started
vining whenever we get together we make
heat on the Internet
today I was like yo we're going to Paris
for flying to Paris I was like why don't
we take Evan and stuff him in a suitcase
and do like a human luggage
international travel challenge yesterday
we actually had to make some
modifications to the suitcase see this
is dope because now their edges are
jagged but no matter oven good news for
you I'm hooking you up with that good
good we got you
snacks on deck Evan check this out so we
got um we got the beef jerky got trail
mix we got this protein bar my man has
some water some sleeping pills bro
sleeping pills I'm thinking way ahead
because I feel like you're gonna be
you're gonna be sitting there and you'll
be like yo this sucks cuz even though
you like fit it's just gonna suck it's a
long flight it's a lot it's 10 it's a 10
hour flight so I figure you take these
whatever and it'll put you in the NOC
you to stop so last night we practiced
this and this is this is the perfect
position for Evan to to fit and be
comfortable here turn on the light so we
see what looks like with the GoPro great
oh yeah bro so food here bueno bueno
water here and then sleeping pills we'll
go behind here and then yo we got this
blanket cuz I feel like it's gonna get
cold I did some research and then BOOM i
I'm gonna shut this bro just real quick
and then
yeah are you good okay I'm shutting this
way no bueno
now you're on the go yeah dude
comfortable comfortable yeah all right
okay good I'm taking you out yo all
right talk to me yeah yeah yeah it's
gonna work ah my boy I'm most worried
about Evan not being able to oh whoa
nope
about you not being able to breathe
thoughts opinions questions concerns
every time why you're not claustrophobic
even beyond claustrophobic it's like a
it's tiny soul I sound good yeah but
you'll be chilly put two two go together
it's perfect okay with like small spaces
actually like that yeah it's like why uh
it's like it after protecting you know
it's like it like it's like a defense
mechanism what this mechanism it's a
defense mechanism
we're tall people one day this planet
yaaaas doors pretty good it's happening
bro my concern now that I'm thinking
about this more legality this is illegal
like you're in the bag they open up they
see a dwarf in there and it's you yeah
please don't put me on the no fly list
officer hey guys thank you so sometimes
I know they inspect the checked luggage
so I'm hoping if they they're not gonna
inspect you but if they do they mistake
you for a teddy bear oversized teddy
bear with food heavy fixative also know
there's like a weight limit with some
bags 50 pounds I'm about 80 pounds
that's an overweight bag but I have
checked a 70 pound bag before you pay
the baggage rate and we're but no one's
gonna be like yo there's a human inside
he's coming to go this is a heavy bag
this is what you can't go in your side
you get like silent to try and be quiet
because if they hear you're talking you
hopes okay we're at the airport Evan
kicking my bags it's crowded dude like
way more crowded than I would have liked
look at all these people grow all these
people you know what are they gonna
think when you see stuffing inside of a
bag admit this is the move
admit this little place is the move we
got one worker behind you one worker
behind me clearly they have no idea
we're good Jean I've waited here for 30
minutes for him manager Jeff finally
showed up yo what do you think what do
you think of what we're doing around I
think it's pretty stupid this is
happening right now
don't do it Logan I'm doing it okay I
know thumbs up give me a thumbs up okay
we're here it is coming yeah of course
Evan thumb up thumb up high something
you really there's like a life is there
an extra bag fee for business class
members you're allowed to that you're
like oh
okay so this weighs uh thirty six point
four five this is in kilograms I don't
know how many pounds that is but I think
it's good
goodbye
where is that you know they're taking
Evan simple thought they would just put
him like I'm the conveyor belt over
there but homies like walking him
somewhere so I'm gonna see where it's
taking it oh this is it I don't know
um how do you feel bro
um still nervous I feel like you made it
this far
you're fine yeah you're right I can't
believe last you the best favorite board
soon um so yeah it's gonna be the last
on the scene we thought until Paris eyes
yesterday I love you bro love ya bye bye
yo what are we doing right now you still
ate about half right now you got hungry
No
what if we can see them loading the bags
let's look let's say okay these things
are empty which i think is where they
put the bags and I don't see any TSA
agents or police officers so fingers
crossed knock on wood that's the met but
I think we are good to go
Paris here we come evan has not called
me yet cuz I feel like if he gets caught
he can still like a call right right
right sick so I think we're good okay we
are taking off I have not gotten a call
from Evan yet so I'm assuming we're okay
my man I love you I love you I love you
be safe down there we'll take it off
right now what take over this is sick
this is sad
oh yeah the work
restored let's go
scarily whole other son luckily about
this jacket this is Jesse
aurilla kiss Sally you're funny
invisible right now gently as far as I
thought we would take this fine anyways
but I'll test I'd box up drinking pills
how do you do this
still still cold let's be tired of that
they'll pass out
yes
see guys so then
boom okay well that was actually kind of
love we just landed in Paris it doesn't
look like Paris but trust me we're here
and when I say we're I'm hoping that
also means Evan
so it's 709 am right now we are still
taxiing on the tarmac I actually have a
ton of energy right I should be sleepy
but I slept for like eight hours and
honestly I just wanna see my boy
I just I'm hoping he's good that's good
yeah definitely played right out okay
that was hot
just waiting oh oh deathly one wait like
that hey goodbye goodbye getting off the
plane whoo Oh Paris it is 7:26 a.m. I
have one mission and that is to get my
boy
all of them have you seen me please get
me that's my get out of this thing
oh yeah go oh my god
oh he gets me did know me you guys okay
I was cold at first where you were is
open up your do you sleep at all
yeah man oh this is your home bro yo you
good
are you tired or anything I feel a
little tight Yahiro that's my boy row ah
you know what
heyyo thank you guys for watching if you
liked this video smash that like button
I won a hundred thousand likes on this
video I know we can do it so go down hit
that like plan and then also subscribe
if you're not a part of the low game
roulette bro
so yeah make sure to subscribe you're
not a part of the low gang we will see
you guys tomorrow for some epic Paris
adventures take it easy fam peace
you
by the way the whole video is fake all
of it gotcha
