hey y'all good morning little gang was
blossom with my boy right now
we both got three hours of sleep which
is four more hours than we needed okay
goodbye what's your deal bro huh you
want to be my vlog will not even stock
you're good bro you better be good I got
pictures made of you this is really
funny okay anyway yeah barely slept but
I'm okay I'm not fine except I'm not
fine because this happened yesterday I
tried to clean out my closet and be an
adult and didn't go so well
oh boy I gotta clean this up right now
maybe it's a good time to start look
that all right first things first got a
movie suitcase what though hello hello
why is my suitcase talking whoa what
yeah what I'm not like putting in sound
effects or anything like my suitcase is
talking oh boy do I just like hung it
like how okay I'm a little nervous right
now
Oh what are you doing what did you who
are you what are you doing in my house
mizuka stop stop stop what is your name
and why are you in my suitcase I'm
Sophie in well I'm gonna go to Vegas
yo this is a disaster I'm just kidding
you guys this is Sophie Sophie dotty
she's um a contortionist if you could
not tell how would you describe a
contortionist because what I just saw
was like like not human
it's contortionist it is just a really
flexible person I'm flexible
Oh oh my god yeah we got you guys so
good with that joke so good we also got
Sophie's brother here Zack are you
flexible no that's weird how that
happened how she's flexible and in are
flexible and we also got Spencer you
guys know Spencer you told me to pack
for Vegas he told me in fact camera
and a contortionist right oh yeah yeah
that's go that yeah that's why we
brought Sophia chose to bend instead of
so if you guys have not seen what this
little girl is capable of how they still
give 1550 same-same I'm going to show
you guys but I'm not just going to show
you we are going to react as I show you
what she does so we're all chilling here
including Matthew he doesn't like Italy
like anyone so Sophie was on America's
Got Talent for what singing exactly
oh yeah it's why my dreams to perform in
front of millions of people I will good
luck were you nervous uh yeah I filled
mess around because what round is it
she made the final death yes it is a
second oh my god what yo what yes he's
only holding with your hands and kid
that this is not a human being relieving
will yeah he had a strong neck yes same
thing yeah yo yo yo how you doing this
how are you how are you doing hey
you're right
I still wonder how this is possible
Sophie you're shooting a bow and arrow
with your feet oh yo the first time I
ever did that so near if I shoot in
front of an audience and you got it yeah
it blew up
yeah this is amazing I am blessed to be
in your presence right now Sophie we
have to do that a little scared I deal
I'm here to a little bit of Sophie
because it's like it's not human being
but like you know this whole thing is a
bit like risky I feel like one of us is
gonna die today and I think it's going
to be you though
Oh God so does hope you brought some of
her toys
yo you know what up me so are today okay
oh Jesus do like baby like you got to
steal all of my Logan audience did this
is bad fuck to death why don't you make
it to dr. Rick so can eat this Apple
industry ha ha ha yeah
like she's trying to like take my
goggles just a little flexible things I
want down and she say you gotta go
documented it'll go get a job so I was
like when I was watching her I was like
I think I got the technique down someone
give it a go
oh she's going right yeah I think you
got it oh yeah there is no she's she's
better than me bro like I'm trying I'm
really trying
I think she'd better do we send her home
I think I'm pretty
groans you gave him just okay yo Sophie
are you down to getting the suitcase
again
how's this funny ideas that we could do
you got it what you put that leg in
there don't look like a fucking human
being uses I'm going to give you up
thank you
you might hold a news camera it what is
happening okay
how you go you chillin
oh yes would you get cut okay here we go
yeah she's right there in the back
because you've been making any noise yes
I'm gonna speak okay let's see so very
you good nothing happened um you show
you a few drugs you're not like hurt or
anything you could still like do my blog
oh you okay you made it
you okay laughing oh no good did you see
anything no I mean none of that I heard
everything yet know what uh she's not
human she's I'm not interested upon her
how who can survive a fall like that in
a suitcase with her legs behind your
ears it just doesn't make any sense
yeah hey what are you saying
what does that mean this is Sophie hello
welcome
she's from Mars oh my god yeah long trip
here all the way from Mars bro Sophie
shoots arrows with her feet you have no
idea what this girl is capable of
they're gonna leave it yeah oh yeah
we're really going to test Opie's
ability she came over here on this
hoverboard I'm like yo you've got to be
able to do cool stuff in the hoverboard
is that correct yeah that's a fact
what do you got yes you get for one up
in my vlog you got it
whoa you think you could do that where
you be careful powers is happening right
now don't be doing handstands on
hoverboards let's go what do you think
that Alex I don't know yo that was
amazing okay stick my turn son he hold
my phone yo come on come on hey stuffy
not cool
oh come on
clearly you're a better Acrobat and I am
you know but I'm probably better
football player than you are something
to think about
can you can you be my mentor can you
teach me do you think it's possible yeah
do I have want to take you have what
take then teach me Sophie please teach
me
you
let me pause please giggling okay I
understand your position I want you if
you can completely it's all in your head
and most importantly
low down low down
okay no more fufu Sophie and I are
raising the game No
raising the bar changing the game
breaking the internet right now I tell
them what you're doing
okay George is gonna walk in the door
and say I'm gonna shoot an arrow what is
your idea yeah oh yeah I'm just going to
put this out there if I wanted you to
shoot something off my head I didn't
tell her I was going to do this do you
think you could do it yeah really yeah
what would you miss don't miss he should
be walking in in the next minute can you
hold it okay what are you going where
are you going
you good oh okay hi there's no more
projectiles I could hurt you come on in
look at this shot bro she's a sharp
shooter with her feet Katniss Sophie
Dean oh when you gotta say yo George
come over I heart oh damn I'm so nervous
because you have already just a mark no
reward what what what burning is either
off get over it that was just for fun
you know we always like scaring George
however now we got the squad we got the
materials we are going to a mountain and
I'm going to let Sophie shoot a
pineapple off of my head really I just
had to do that thing with George so I
could see her aim and she's pretty
accurate so I guess I'm not mother look
this girl like shoot a pineapple off my
head if I know she's gonna miss ya road
trip time eh by the way we are taking
this baby to Vegas tomorrow and by
tomorrow I mean tonight it's funny I am
vixx's up sometime so tomorrow in Vegas
we are racing exotic cars and then I
think we might be going to the sand
dunes and then it's a freakin party dude
but not just any party I was not going
to tell you guys this I was going to
keep a surprise but it is a bachelor
party why would one have a bachelor
party tell me typically
they do that this culture around the
time which which the to Wed but when
people get married to get a distance
where people get married there is a
bachelor party who's getting married
uh okay some some dudes we know oh wait
what
no not dude no no no not hey hey dude is
getting married to a female okay
although if two dudes do get married
like that's cool it's 40 70 is fine it
happens but then the question is raised
will of why are you going to wedding no
I'm not going to a wedding
I am officiating a wedding is she 18
appreciating the guy's nose I mean I am
the priest who says will you take this
man to be your husband and do you take
this woman to be your wife they say I do
that I say you may now kiss the bride
that's me I'm doing that this weekend in
Las Vegas and it's not some like
bougie-ass little like on us on our way
to Vegas and get married no it's a super
expensive resort 30 people going to be
there these people are all from Ohio and
they're fans of mine so they're letting
me do it all and we're vlogging the
whole thing yeah so make sure you
subscribe and it's good very wet you
have your booster seat she liked that
joke I shouldn't be making these types
of jokes on a mother let's go girl shoot
a fireball
mine is acti have yours
don't like that joke right now we are at
location at this beautiful spot Sophie
do you have the goods Oh Mike is that
SpongeBob's house right now yeah this is
stuff we stole SpongeBob's house and we
are shooting it off of my head we're
going to do that look at me using my
brain because buses are coming down the
hill but not off the hill you put it on
this side we're gravy's what are the
chances of success here listen I'd say
one at ten yeah yeah you've been around
in a while you mad that's how low this
is crazy all right yeah
this is ghost time to trust
oh my god we just put the most heat
Instagram fixture absolute make sure you
hit me up on Instagram at Logan Paul
also check out Silvia channel what is it
plug flush accident feed ah see but sexy
talks of you with a hat yeah your your
indie she's Indian thank you guys for
watching if you're not subscribed make
sure you subscribe join the whole gang
because we're pop it and I'll see you
guys tomorrow don't forget we're going
to Vegas I think I said that a thousand
times in this vlog take it easy Sam I
love you peace all the way I usually do
this thing where I like shake my head
but you got a dope head of hair so yeah
you do it
how you feel roll - should we get you
out so if we want to help you but I
advised her not here
