good morning love gang was poppin it's
January 1st and I just got a call from
my brother waking me up telling me he's
outside of my door I am starting my blog
shut ah shut up a blog as you know
yesterday in my vlog we announced that
we were beginning a training for the
2020 Olympics in Tokyo yeah you heard
that right
anyways homies taking this extremely
seriously great I'm just not a morning
person I don't like to workout in the
morning why are you here bro why you're
here
yeah but dude it's in the morning we're
gonna get a crappy workout in I'm tired
stretch walk not I believe you bro no
fine put the vlog camera down you put
your vlog here I'm not even logging I
see you oh yeah why you here oh why you
here why you awake you live like lively
is just good I'm tired
wake up dude how dude I just I'm not a
morning for like I had the opportunity
to sleep in and homey just ruins it for
me
that's what I'm saying you get sleep
when you die this is the first day of
training I'm so serious right now I'm
gonna go back to sleep no no oh no
you're not going to sleep hey oh no wake
up take what five minutes I hate you you
actually going back to sleep
fucker it's alright Nebraska I gotta
sleep oh the dude has migrated to my bed
just go home go home Jake I'm not
leaving until you come chain with me oh
I'm doing nothing today there's no
reason for me to work out right now and
get a crappy workout in I plan on going
so hard and you're ruining my slag is a
big mistake Paul cuz I'm going to
sleepers
what turn your camera off wha I guess
I'm turning this camera uh no no no you
know I'm too sleepy I understand that
but you need to get up and move you
won't go train at the track I'll time
you bro time I spread no like from my
bed here I'll time how long you trained
for it okay fuck that game bro okay
here's the logic in that I've got one
item on my agenda today one and that is
to train my ass off get a solid first
workout of the year in and in order for
me to do that I want to be awake I want
to be moving when we stretched warmed up
and morning workouts are not the way for
me to do that I cannot push myself to my
fullest potential if I work on in the
morning I'm not a morning person
I'm just not if I workout in the morning
it's because I have to because of a time
constraint but since la is like not no
one's doing anything right now I'm like
okay I'm gonna get a good night's sleep
and then I'm a workout extremely hard on
that note I'm going back to sleep as he
hasn't bit who I slept I feel good and
I'm going to slay the first workout of
training for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics
Wow I look really stupid oh you know
you're really gonna work out and all
that stuff yeah yeah what I'm going to
the Olympics I'm representing America
America baby
land of the free home of the brave team
USA baby see that that's what I'm saying
maverick Team USA I feel like people
aren't gonna take me seriously because
of my outfit but I just want everyone to
know I am serious about this and that's
gonna be the fun in it like for me and
for you guys than like watching all this
go down is like although I am taking it
seriously it's like it's in a
light-hearted man imagine me at the
Olympics right about to start the race
and I just start dabbing like like
that's going down with my god look at
this look at this Jim it's been like two
weeks since I've been here it's
beautiful now like I said it's been a
while since I've been here so this is
gonna be hard that's why I'm here bro if
it was easy everyone would do it
okay pause oh I'm not gonna lie to you
guys I feel like ass I don't know if it
was on the partying last night or the
fact that I haven't worked out in a
while but yo I feel like I'm about to
throw up
this is bad oh boy first day of Olympic
training not going so hot that's not
funny though I don't know what to do I'm
gonna chill here for a little bit
absorb this fresh air and maybe maybe
this like sickness thing will go away or
maybe I just self induced vomiting my oh
no that's not the move oh boy okay
all right guys yeah I hate to say it but
I'm done for today
um yo I feel dizzy I feel light-headed
my stomach is killing me ah day one of
Olympic training not going so well while
I was laying down I was sitting there
thinking like what's wrong with me like
why do I feel so sick and then I
remembered I did this in yesterday's
vlog
I forgot I inhaled like 5,000 calories
in seven minutes and then also the night
progressed and this also probably didn't
help so combination of stuffing my face
with unhealthy food and drinking last
night is probably why I feel like ass
gee I must stop for today I'm very good
at listening to my body on the good news
is the Olympics are in four years so I
do have time now I know that's not an
excuse but yeah the good news is at
least I got in today you know I got in I
did my two mile jog and I did two chest
workouts I went hard and I'm definitely
feeling it just not the workout I would
have liked to regardless dude I'm gonna
I needed to just chill for a little bit
I feel like I'm about to pass out
oh you know what else is difficult about
this is that typically when I'm feeling
like this or just in general like any
day I at this point I would think about
food now like like what can I eat for
dinner and the answer would be like oh
I'll go get like a burger or pasta or
like what are we doing tonight let's go
to the movies and get some caramel
popcorn ah no no more that yeah man cuz
it goes beyond just the training I gotta
start eating healthy now too
and like now it's like oh man I want
comfort food because I'm feeling like
she's why I can't eat comfort food I
mean I know I knew this was gonna be
tough and I mean this is nothing this is
like absolutely nothing just it's slowly
sinking in like what I'm getting myself
into but it's okay I love challenges
this is gonna be this is gonna be a
challenge
oh boy Oh so I'm showered cleaned off
ready to go yeah
that's my boy oh wow
was the first day at the gym Olympic
training it was good that mean the
sounds knock yo I had to leave early bro
we had to leave early guys tell me what
happened bro I we drink last night a lot
I was there yeah yeah and bro it just
all caught up to me G and I left early
like a little bit
boy that's really true you left early
yeah are you just saying that to make me
feel better yeah hi you got to say so I
convinced the o hottest because we're
both a little like tired feeling a
little like black ah blah is how it's
pronounced actually I convinced him to
go to the movies so him and I are gonna
go to the movies in a little bit okay
yeah uh oh yeah Aaron or I remember now
I am uh I'm going to Paris in like three
days yeah I'm going to Paris France it's
gonna be fucking dope yeah bro I'll tell
you guys yo can you just come by for a
sec I'm blogging I'll tell you guys why
I'm going soon I don't know if I can
tell you just yet but when I do you're
shut up oh my blog please down boy down
but yeah it's gonna be freaking awesome
dude I love Paris I was there once
before for like eight hours yo maverick
I'm literally about to cut your dick off
bro I also keep this on the DL I might
do a Paris Meetup if you're in France
would you come to my parents meetup
comment below
let's see what else is happening oh this
guys coming you all remember my buddy
dwarf Mamba from my best friend's video
yeah so evan is coming to Paris with me
we're definitely gonna cost in trouble
there I also have this idea that I want
to do with him because he's a dwarf
after all and meaning he's not that tall
well that rhymed crazy haha
I want to try to put him in a suitcase
and ship him there as if he's like a
luggage I don't know if it's gonna work
but if it does bye bro yo maverick shut
oh thank you for Evans later oh oh my
god you guys won't believe what just
happened
oh wow so I took this out and it
got some fluffs on it I love you can see
the flows but I went it like go get him
off so I whipped it like that and these
little metal strings one of them with me
and whipped my stomach look at this dude
look at this nothing must meet up right
here dude be careful out there kids
hoodies are apparently really dangerous
why didn't they put a warning label on
that I feel like that's that happens a
lot to people matter of fact
yo hey hoodie dawg what's the problem
cuz huh what's your deal bitch if you're
trying to step in my game I will fuck
you so I'm stuck in this love stack your
harness is over there cuddled up like a
little baby bro
tell them what the problem is right now
the problem is that you want to watch
passenger but you don't want to go there
and we have no clue what to do it we
have no idea what to do we're so tired
guys yesterday messed us up dude and
we're both just stuck in these loveSac
it's 8 p.m. so we can't go to sleep and
we don't were too lazy to walk to the
movie theater yeah today I had just been
a day of laziness and failure for me bro
no my was mama's good to all must be
good night I'll update you guys a little
bit if you moments later
alright we're back your harness is
staying here and here what why bro you
don't want to see movie I want to see
the movie but I'm so tired I feel like a
baby back rich I clearly just woke up in
the past five minutes or so i'ma go see
this movie
two hours later what's up guys it's a
bit later and I'm tired movie was good
it was good
is yeah he's good anyways I yo today was
a bit of a weird one yeah between um
feelings sick all day and they're not
actually doing anything but it's okay
it's fine because although today may not
have been my day tomorrow will be super
cheesy but that's how I'm gonna attack
it every time I have like a laughs on my
own tomorrow I'm gonna kill it
anyways I'm gonna go to sleep it's like
10 p.m. I told you guys I'm super tired
so I'm gonna crash a little early today
I love you I will see you tomorrow lo
game for life please Wow
that's your big
