yeah look guys there's a bag attached to
it know what good morning looking
I got good vibes about today I'm just
I'm feeling good I woke up I was feeling
a little slow so I had this idea to uh
go get swole this morning explains the
protein shake explains the sweat so I
went in and I hit the gym and now we're
here shower cleaned off ready to go and
more yeah dude mark is cooking Oh a
little bit shit you know I'm being
helpless
oh snap bro you're making beans too and
right mark is on the helpless but me too
so I got a personal chef named car me
make me be personal meal good look at us
mark being roommates
eating together and stuff just kidding I
would never take his food because it's
not nearly as good as my oh so it's 2
p.m. right now this is actually my first
meal of the day I thought I was like
really huh - why put two on there now
that I'm looking at this I don't know if
I can do it I'm gonna give it a shot
that's what I do this is my attempt to
be all of this I don't think it's going
to happen
oh god I'm full so that's the problem I
don't know what to do with all this boot
actually wait yes yeah I don't know stop
giving it away to my fans bro
all you have to do is comment give me
that food in the comments below and you
could win this plate of food that's how
you be innovative on YouTube take notes
mark you haven't even run how'd you get
what are you doing sorry but didn't
because who named it this one up with no
can we just put subtitles
yes you hungry stuff today oh that
reminds me I had just painting framed a
while ago I paid like $1,000 for a frame
it's ready it's for me no it's from no
no definitely not you definitely
for me okay I'm gonna go get my painting
do you remind me of it well you are good
good Ramon I'm leaving right now okay
okay okay I don't know how I got sucked
into this position happening guys point
out tampering like you're not going to
use a screwdriver 9x good if you'd ever
want to see how about this work play no
no because Cruz works is a hole in the
wall yes that's what happened are you
going to Nam go get you a nail what is
it then it's a screw bro what the
division is going to nail oh my god yo
so much to learn about America it's true
and also a little bit told me what a
book definitely not going to help Wamba
I think he's a lost cause however I do
have my flame thrower thing yeah you can
here in Pawnee so I'm just gonna shoot
this image dead wah-bah I'm sorry it's
ready I'm sending all the Mexican Latino
foreigners running let me smell its fire
rope OH
whoa down boy down don't hit me with
that screwdriver it's a hammer but he'll
never know the difference
damn they actually kind of knows what
he's doing thing is that this one is
fucker they're right yeah and we need to
put these little pieces of yes awesome
mom I love ah like I was saying I have a
painting that I had framed lickle lots
of stuff that I had framed like two
weeks ago pretty epic I'm not gonna lie
I paid like $1,000 for a thick golden
frame
what did you say I'm a lifelong Excel
show me with Eliza my mother man up
yo yo I still have no idea what's going
on who is this man when you said that I
was like yo this isn't the guy
yes mood I'm so wrong okay you know what
yeah a pleasure to meet you man yes I'm
reviving this man neck which is a legend
but although was ready for action okay
don't you have a three-party toes that
was the weirdest I thought I was about
to scrap dude literally my heart started
pounding I was like no way this is going
down down it's use moments later oh my
god this is incredible this is
everything I've ever dreamed I'm gonna
get my Mexican friend to help me hang it
oh my god this is amazing people are
gonna look at me funny but I don't care
let's go I'm creating some page not just
some paintings II painting yeah 20
minutes later I'm at the Sprint's up to
my room cuz if anyone sees this heat
obviously they're gonna try and Rob me
no bueno the numbers in here folks just
gonna stare top oh yeah baby are the
question is though where do I put it
Patrick she said yeah I'm gonna figure
that out in a second but I'm kind of
salty of what I'm about to say I am
gonna take out the trash someone's gotta
do it all right and I'm a Dulce I'm
being an adult right now oh my god oh my
god oh god
yummy ah my time to be responsible right
now oh god I hope you die okay that's
what this bad boy so beautiful Vee you
guys know Dorf mama right I don't need
to explain that this is one of my best
friends to work my bum and that bitch is
me with my dick out you get that okay
cool okay I got my boy are we in the
house look at this man or as a
photographer is that a fact
back surely we're going to be taking
some sexy pictures at first yo you got
an eye for things yeah you can like see
whatever I so first off what he can go
what do you think of that oh my god yeah
let's go talk about all already it's
perfect are you are
I don't even know if it would fit
anywhere on if anything above the stairs
all over here I go over there yeah that
could be dope so then when you're
walking in you see it yeah that's like
first thing I got another job that when
Drona's yes oh my god there's a bag
attached wrote it says a little guy go
lug I was a bag attached to it oh wow
you're drunk
is that your drone they said it's not
their drone yo no no wait this is happy
oh girl what if I told you they flew me
a game someone somewhere to prize DRO me
at Gainesville oh my god this is not
real life we eat this oh my god whoever
drone means is Gainesville hey I hope
you are low gang V you're amazing thank
you so much unfortunately I don't eat
games laws anymore I cut them out on
your hand if you want it broke all right
yo whoever flew me this always gonna eat
eat the Gainesville oh my gosh no I'm so
happy right now
hey hello whoever drawn this I'm gonna
send it back down okay my take this tape
off and keep this because this is
monumental this is legendary right here
at Tech low gang for life let's go
whoever sent this I appreciate you
Oh
sorry I just found out has never eaten a
game for example ever go grow to ashes
all on you bro yo yeah right there's
nothing like it
we got the photo sexy photos song focus
on setting bangers on bangers let's do
this that's like 90% of the photoshoots
I think we are currently racing the Sun
beating we want to get outside before
the Sun go kind of bitch I think we lost
this week what do you think I mean the
Sun is kind of you will get gone okay so
at something we're going to be twerking
with it you see like the Sun is only
like this is the only spot left at the
building son of a bitch son of a bitch
comedy
look you neither fire one wait mom it's
a long way down kid - my god oh my god
that's what eleven stories looks like
that's a big drop they know about the
foie gras oh shut up and respect Jesus
mother God that's dedication get back to
the selfie stick vlog let's go to the
next location
oh yes chicken burger stack delicious as
always thank you car me I owe you one
just kidding I pay you but thank you
Karma's my chef I hope she doesn't watch
my blogs okay we should be offended
sorry Tommy I love you too else later
okay lo gang so here's the deal
it is a 1080 p.m. right now engine boy
it's tired man like I'm exhausted right
now it's a combination of working out
extremely hard and eating healthy that
just and as chill as it all is hard
mattresses but if it was easy everyone
would do it but I know I said in
yesterday's vlog we were going to throw
donut holes off of our balcony and have
someone catch them on the ground we
didn't get to that okay but tomorrow's
vlog we don't get gasps son where is my
R is my my my gift where's my hashtag
looking for life bag I'm gone more
weight thrown away my bro he doesn't
understand that that was delivered to me
by a drum from a low gang he wouldn't
know this blog like cuz that is this is
a blog today I think I'm actually like
going to bed right now I want to get up
early work out hard as always and yeah
dude just go ahead and frickin play the
day bro okay I need to tell you
something
my first you love you if you're not a
part of the low gang make sure to
subscribe join the squad
bro and for those of you who watch to
the end of the video who are still
watching this those are the real low
gangster I appreciate that I appreciate
that I love you guys I will see you
tomorrow take it easy BAM wish Wow
let's you bitch
ari I like your outfit Rosie dang dude
we're at we're swinging so hard right
now
