we decided to one-up the whole knife
cutting challenge thing to use its
electric saw blade to cut that frozen
drum in half
wish me luck mom hey yo good morning low
gang would pop so I'm still rockin the
half shaved face thing I got this side
not shave to this side shaved and same
with the chest here look at that snap up
anyways yo so I notice on YouTube there
are trends right in the current trend is
everyone is heating up knives and
they're cutting like whoo okay you you
have a knife and you cut like a jello or
you heat up a knife and you cut like a
bottle or you like heat up a knife and
you cut your fucking dick off cuz that's
what you might as well be doing kids
that's what you might as well be doing
why can I do that but like the
hypocritical asshole I am I'm gonna do
it to sig however you guys know this I
don't do she's that fast
I don't take the easy way out in fact
we're gonna make this so lit it's gonna
be crazy and now seriously it's gonna be
nuts I want to do with the saw yeah saw
is it dangerous hell yeah no yeah
totally am I gonna do it oh yeah you
know hell yeah totally anyways another
thing is kind of going down in the life
of Logan right now oh that's disgusting
here's what's happening you're spilled
candle wax all over so that's what that
is and then when I try to put the
noodles in last night the noodles guy I
mean big clog I don't hear the issue is
that I put the drain thing in like
upside down so it's jammed in there like
it's like I'm this side of my face the
man side is like vocal just cuz you rip
it out and decide the more feminine
shave side is like yo just call the
plumber bro but at the end of the day
I'm a freakin man yeah confirmed I am a
man so I'm gonna take this out right now
here we go
Oh God gotta get around these noodles
this disgusting bro this is so
disgusting
yo this is so stuck this is horrible ah
oh my god literally I'm literally I'm
I'm cutting through it I guess that fits
the theme of the day I'm cutting a hole
in it
there is no way to get it out otherwise
now we just lost a drain thing though
this is nasty bro no but at least I got
cleaned up some of the candle wax on
there yeah so this is out of commission
ah
no longer you're gonna be able to plug
the drain up with this bad boy well such
as the life of a youtube vlogger you
know let's go say what's up to my boy
maverick there's my boy
there he is where you going dog white
why you've been going down here a lot
late okay cool do you have yeah do you
have okay can I talk for one second do
you have any inch okay cool
I was gonna ask you guys it's Justin
helping out but that's not what that's
cool I just don't get why you're always
so sassy bro like what's your deal
that's not an answer
okay kids so I went digging in my closet
and this actually did not take me long
to find this will be the weapon of
destruction today oh yeah you see that
these are gonna mess some people up do
you want to give this puppy a name it's
got a nice spot for it so here we go The
Saboteur haha we have our savage or saw
blade we're gonna heat this bad boy up
and then just run twice problem though
we do not have anything to heat this saw
blade up with most people use the stove
right you see this they put the knives
over the stove like this except this is
a saw blade so I'm not gonna do that
I flew to the store and get a blowtorch
that was a sign of a blowtorch yeah it's
gonna be much more intense and cooler
that way but just to get you guys
excited check this out here's what I'm
planning on cutting I'm freezing bananas
a drone and a bottle of water then we'll
find more stuff but yeah that's right
dog we're cutting a drone
what kind of drone bro for that reason
I'm cutting drones and bananas and let's
get this video to 150 thousand likes yo
that's a lot of like slow gang that's a
lot of like 150 thousand likes smash
that lock
Wow
I want a little bit of a sadder note and
I hate to say this I really do guys like
it actually hurts me but I might be
about to eat my last Gainsville of 2016
which unfortunately might mean my last
gains Bowl ever ever bro that's right AB
so apparently people are buying me gift
cards that came in people say yeah oh no
no I literally just said how this might
be my last game forever people are
leaving like they're finding this story
oh this is a disaster okay I'm gonna do
this thing it's gonna be kind of sad
this time it might be the last time I do
this thing but here we go
so here's the deal oh Jesus almost job
thank you to everyone who's leaving me
notes and buying Gainesville's and gift
cards for me what uh and I I was gonna
save this announcement but I'll just
give you guys a little hint now 2017 is
gonna be a big year of fitness for me
and the gays Bulls unfortunately are a
little too game Z for me so I got I'm
cutting the gains Bulls out starting
2017 ah I know I hate it I hate it but
it needs to happen regardless still dude
if you guys got this stuff on me thank
you bro thank you on that note it's time
to go buy a blowtorch why have I never
said that before in my life that's a
dope sentence I'm looking for a
blowtorch do you have one
yeah oh hos torch kid okay I'm gonna go
with the max heat torch kit I think two
will work little disclaimer I am NOT a
scientist I have no idea what I'm doing
I'm just kind of crossing my fingers
hoping this is gonna work but yeah dude
let's go home okay we are back at home
looking at all this stuff we got we got
the savage ER we got the blow torches
here literally this is the definition of
a disaster in the making
ah so this is the kind of thing that
makes me extremely nervous I don't know
how or why they don't do it back I don't
know why they don't do background checks
on whoever is trying to buy these but I
mean I'm cool with it
yeah cuz I don't think I'd pass okay
hold on please work Oh instructions I'll
be smart to read that ain't nobody got
time for that
whoa I'm just gonna I think I just kind
of shove it in here like this is little
hole here and then this thing's I'm just
going together oh yeah okay that was
good oh it screws on oh yeah this is not
a good thing for me to be holding in my
hand right now okay turning the knob I'm
gonna switch it to unlock and why don't
work
ours is working go with the first I
don't know what the deal is
oh oh oh
okay kids behind me we have a IBM saw
called the savage er with the sharp
blades on it we have the knife just in
case you want to do anything with that
you have to love torches not one to both
going to be spewing flames out of it
duct tape just in case and a wooden
cutting board so we don't mess up my
granite countertop also got my boy
Johannes Johannes gonna help me do some
destruction today let's go this is
really dumb bro I like it I think it's a
good idea
oh okay well in that case I want to
start the night everyone everyone's
doing the knife and I want to start with
just you know get warmed up in the Sun
and what should we cut at banana I this
is will call three bananas bro I've got
all of them
along with the state and when you stop
when it's glowing
what is glowing yeah
this is a video I know my mom's would
call me about me looking looking looking
looking rola
so the knife is glowing pretty right at
the tip right now I'm gonna go ahead and
cut and do these bananas I have no idea
what's going to happen so let's see oh
Oh from Anna's bro
what do you think late huh I knew that
that's gonna happen you want to be
convicted run the whole video Rose
obviously the knife is gonna cut through
things like come bro anyways yeah we're
gonna do frozen bananas right now okay
so these are the frozen bananas yeah
these are frozen I'm actually really
excited see what's gonna happen here
because this is not going to be as easy
of a cut
you think we're out of propane alright
already
I will be so mad I hope not you know
have a second thing but good go boom oh
this is oddly really satisfying yo I
don't know if you guys saw but again it
just cut right through the bananas no
Joe what you look mommy it's cool this
is what good views on YouTube bro this
is what people want to see no it was a
mother people want to see Joe we're
building you up we're taking you up the
roller coaster we're gonna get to the
saw and the drone later Bob but the next
thing we're gonna cut with the knife is
my brother's book my brother came out
with a book here Jake Posse you gotta
wanna and we're gonna cut it right down
the space all right Jake not really bro
I'm just kidding you're my bro in 3
ah
damn yo I mean look we made progress we
made progress my brother sexy human
being and today he's staying sexy I
didn't quite make it to his face good
job Jay Paul you're a tough kid next up
kids we got some gum lots of gum so
we're going to go ahead and unwrap it
and put like 100 layers down and then
try and chop right through
oh my gosh bro
yo come here give me give me give me
your what look at how satisfying that
looks bro yo it is so like smooth whoa
this is crazy
I'm actually like yo this this should
have been the title of the video like
cutting gum in half oh oh oh oh my gosh
bro
that's insane I started this day wanting
to make fun of this challenge but it's
actually a dope thing are you waving the
smoke around yeah I just wanna make sure
they won't you know I would hate myself
forever if I didn't do this right now
huh mmm boy yeah this is really good
250,000 like to swallow this piece of
gum that point was becoming actually
kind of good for America's far I'm gonna
go for another round bro what what
mm-hmm this has become a whole new
challenge that isn't the nastiest thing
you ever seen
all right let's cut the next thing
Oh
if the building people if you're
watching my youtube video I'm sorry bro
oh it's just our smoke : yeah what do we
do we just wave that around we should
open the door look we stopped it
savage bro savage bro there you go it
was bound to happen now that I'm looking
at this the room is really smoky broku
so that is our cue to end this video but
not before the promised saw blade and
drone frozen drone might I add we up yo
calm your walk but that's just any drone
like I said we've got a frozen drone we
froze this bad boy you hear that this
thing is solid it's frozen it's feeling
good I don't know if you can tell with
this camera and no underbelly is nice
and frosty and I talking Frosty the
Snowman mates lastly we did decide to
use some protection I got my glasses on
Johannes has got his sunglasses on
basically we're both looking sexy as two
blowtorch is gonna set it down go right
there and then we're gonna pick it up
and light it up
so what we just learned there was that
the plastic on attach this software it's
pretty easily that we should have known
that uh yeah nope no good no go so we're
just going to focus on this one side
we decided to one-up the whole night
cutting chance to use its electric song
later cut
we should be like 3 2 1
that's it that was pretty successful yo
yo look it's smoking it's smoking
smoking yeah I get a get a get out this
drone is smoking right now I feel like
it's about to blow up dude yo look at
the Joey it's underwater eyes are still
smoking
- still smoking stop okay please stop
smoking you're making me so nervous
yo that was the man side of me wanting
to do that the freshly shaven side was
like not under that bro okay so the good
news is that the Jerome's still works
I love sister bro - see this is split
down the middle G look at so frozen
drone oh my god the battery's hot bro so
I'm not gonna lie the saw blade didn't
like that's what cut through it that he
had nothing to do with it you guys know
me you know I like that I like to spice
things up a bit even if it turns out
religious anyways that is it for today's
vlog guys check out all the stuff we cut
yo we got bananas frozen bananas butter
gum my brother and this sexy drone that
was a good day that was a very good day
I'm happy I loved doing weird dangerous
stuff like that do not forget 200,000
see y'all tomorrow subscribe if you are
not subscribed to join the low gang we
are maximum witness take it easy family
Boosh
that's you bitch oh it just cuts right
through a dude cuts through it like
butter dude isn't that crazy how it just
cuts through like butter so crazy
