anyways I shaved half of my face and
you're about to see it the moment of
truth here we go 3 2 1
hey yo good morning little gang was
popping I got this I got this bottle of
tequila I don't know why though I'm not
drinking also don't know why I'm wearing
this necklace I feel in general I just I
look like a cha-cha now yeah but then
again I pretty much always look like a
church anyways I took a poll yesterday
to see if you guys wanted me to shave my
my facial hair the majority said no
Logan doe shaves 2/3 of you said we want
you to keep the beard however and I
respect it I did I kept it for a day I I
hate it like I really don't like it man
it makes me look like like it makes me
look like a man and that's cool and I
get it but I'm a man not yet confirmed
I'm a man and I don't need a beard to UM
validate that so today unfortunately
ladies and gentlemen I'm gonna shave but
ha ha y'all know me i'ma put a little
twist on it I'm gonna shave my chest too
all this all this uh-uh
next shake me boy - yeah but only half
only half of it so on the chest on the
left and face on the left that's the
side I'm shaving so from this side it's
gonna be like clean like baby face from
this side just straight man 20 minutes
later hey is that a boy that is my boy
confirmed where you goin okay I'm coming
with you I got one for you too buddy
here you go what are you running from
you don't want this chain tingle buddy
okay he doesn't want it yeah I'm sure I
am saving today but where are you going
okay what do you think I should shave
the right side why huh I mean oh okay I
just apparently found out my bird wants
me to shave the right side of my face
but before I do that one quick thing I
want to show hey I'm blogging brush it
oh God but before I do that I shut the
fuck up when I'm vlogging maverick bleep
before I do that I want to show you
yo little bird dick about it be chopped
off not ha I just released my first song
ever on the
20:16 check this out
the first 20,000 views baby it's finally
live 2017 is gonna be a big year for
music like comedy music for me and so
this is the first one to kind of like
kickstart everything and it's up baby
it's finally live so uh if you want to
watch that and you haven't yet the link
is in the description give it a thumbs
up for me I want it to hit maybe like a
hundred thousand likes to be done if the
low game could do that'd be freaking
awesome we'll give this video a big old
thumbs up I want it to hit a hundred
thousand thumbs up and I know the low
gang got this I don't even need to say
it I know you guys got it the link is in
the description
and I'm glad note is it faces shaving
time is that the body shaving tar-zhay
happening right now whoo okay I'm in the
up I'm in the bathroom downstairs
hmm go chime-long come on you can do
this low-key shave that beard up to your
seventh row look at this look a nice
necklace you're wearing saw some cookin
Savage
oh man oh man can't keep the beard you
gotta keep the beard I'm a man no no no
I don't like the beard
you're fine though you can you can you
could be manly without a beard right you
get girls and stuff I'm afraid you know
no don't you ever say that if you don't
have a beard you're a budget okay I get
it I just I don't know I just feel like
it's not me well I'm no doctor but I
highly recommend just stop being a
little bitch okay fine I'll do it but
how long do you think we're gonna talk
until our audience gets bored and this
joke honey stop talking look as I walked
up easy cuz don't what that's when you
get your ass beat son oh oh oh that Jews
gonna be my ass you bumped me in the
loge and go you up bro
ah wow that was weird as you can see I'm
really having some internal problem
on whether or not to shave my beard I'm
getting texts from like I'm just gonna
say I'm getting to like girls or texting
me they're like yo don't shave the beard
and I'm like but I don't like it don't
know you sexy blah blah hmm doing it I'm
doing it right now
okay I'm shaving this act the right side
of my face here we go
goodbye little hairs miss you
boom the moment you've all been waiting
for cue off maybe maybe not all of your
waiting for out and all the ones
watching this vlog anyways i shaved half
of my face and you're about to see it
the moment of truth here we go three two
one can you tell get my hands locked in
okay see ya baby smooth mesh smooth man
mustache no mustache beard no beard oh
my god this is so patchy and ratchet
this is weird when I do this watch okay
boom boom hmm
I also said I would shave my chest so I
did that I say only shade half oh my god
oh this is gnarly well looking like a
straight eight boy this is weird
by the way it's already nighttime like
ah easy boy one second one I'm vlogging
cool things it's already nighttime
outside I know maverick that's what I
was saying I know I got no tattoo I got
a tattoo I got something better
ah that's crazy
I'll fish you trade me that I am sure
we're about to do whale wait you're
about to shave half of your face no
we're good oh my god what I was about to
say Elvis is a what like 10 down here
she's gonna pluck home oh you need to
hit puberty and then and then grow
facial hair and one day you could be
half man half woman like me huh oh my
god I didn't even see this little hey
dog I mean he's still really small yeah
he's growing up you're gonna be a big
little guppy puppy in the corner of my
vlog camera eye I noticed this beauty
bro what do you what what is this it's
been waiting for you all this time this
whole eg
dude so many candy canes yeah just like
your Christmas tree
hi that's my cue
bye guys I love you hmm
so I walked in and slowly realized that
yeah I'm gonna walk around like this I
can easily see how that could be
mistaken for a tattoo tattoo bro
seriously this is just as good dude also
the savage tree who if you were
wondering is indeed still here condoms
on the tree instead of candy canes
hey so yo it's been a bit of a slow day
here at the Paul household I mean but
we're here you know we're live we're
doing it well do it a lot yeah I uh want
to eat food I want to go live on
Facebook so I think I'm gonna go get
food to cook and then go live on
Facebook while cooking I'm hoping that
people in public see my half shaven face
and give me comments on it like hey nice
face guy J yeah let's do it okay all
right we're out here in public I'm on my
hoverboard and I'm about to go to the
store waiting for someone to acknowledge
my face that's that's all I'm doing if
anyone wants to comment on my face go
ahead go ahead say it say go go ahead
what do you notice them on my face
that you have won sighs ah yeah what do
you think we think you look either way
oh my gosh erectus girl huh yeah Nate
have a nice day bye yo I don't know if
you saw that but when she left she like
rubbed my muscle I don't know if I got
it on the camera screen Sheila wasn't
just like a crab she rubbed it straight
up yo that girl was a sabot straight-up
she's like yo you're cutie hmm thanks B
okay so this is the store I don't think
I'm allowed to film in there so I might
just do like a quick like grab food
compilation montage so go okay I'm
looking why I set the camera up here and
then I I went back on my hoverboard er
then just came back here super big waste
of energy but good for the vlog huh
anyways that was quick and no one said
anything to me in the store bro about my
hair like I'm freaking salty but
regardless as you guys saw I got that
good good bro I got that good good gut
got this linguine pasta key word garlic
pasta also got this grated parmigiano
Reggiano grated not graded oh yeah yeah
so if you can't tell by now you're
kidiot we're making noodles butter
noodles and we're gonna get a little bit
more exciting just a little bit calm
down calm down with us some biscuits
some some buttermilk biscuits buttermilk
naan buttermilk current struggles
current situation this this uh bear
buttermilk biscuits plays biscuits two
inches apart on an ungreased baking
sheet first off little baking sheet set
off ungreased that doesn't seem to make
sense if it's on grease wanna just once
it went the bagel things just stick I'm
on Facebook live right now actually I'm
vlogging me on facebook live and I asked
the people to help me what are they
saying so see someone says grease it
someone says it will stick if you don't
spray it yeah cookies
fart dude damn what I did boil the water
I mean it's not boiling yet but it is
well on its way hahaha I'm a daunting
bitch
I've made the executive decision to
grease the pan if my biscuits explode
while they're cooking you will know why
I'm good oh Jesus mother of God did you
see that oh you guys see it I made a
little buttermilk biscuit dick yeah no
it's good for ha ha ha we'll do it live
so again I'm live on Facebook we have
our currently 12 thousand people
watching me make buttermilk biscuits
with us watching this and why always
second cuz it's Liz that's my boy
are you vlogging my blogging Facebook
laughing yeah this is this is incredible
this is inception beyond belief but you
are professional mister yeah look at
that welcome to the internet lifestyle
kids you know what I'm doing right now
I'm a daunting have you guys heard of my
new song 2016 yep you heard it yeah what
do you think really watch it right now
y'all I uh I told her I was like oh guys
go get that video hundred thousand likes
we got this lo que my honest opinion
it's okay I can do better I think of
course you can do better you can always
be better but well yo so the reason I
brought up my song was because the one
line you know goes up with the vegan
Baba the honest is vegan Lilith is he
the vegan I'm just kidding yo mind out
of the gutter cut when you run out of
law content you're just trying to talk
so you film yourself cooking buttermilk
biscuits and noodles hashtag relatable
right ladies and gentlemen boys and
girls I'm a mom the doctor I remember
skits I'm sending you off to college
second Johannes did you did you notice
this from what look at me the beard but
whoa yes Mac that's a reaction I want it
all day I'm out here oh go away for this
watch all right was all the chest goes
straight down low Sun why cuz I'm a
beast about where did you stop so I knew
I knew this question will be asked I
knew people would be like yo did you
shave your pubes halfway done yes I did
yes I do that just in case just the kids
I'm afraid you bugging them all in there
break them up dude ah
I'm an adult dude have you guys seen my
brothers Disney show Oh yo I can smell
the garlic in the pasta and as this
steam is burning my face off oh my gosh
I think you're a little overcooked but
I'm thinking about but oh my god so
buttery milky bro oh not in front of me
I have a plate of deliciousness I got my
pasta homemade with love and more
importantly I got my buttermilk biscuit
now we're gonna open this up and we're
gonna see just how buttermilk II really
is this has got to be the best vlog I've
ever made
oh if that isn't a buttery is buttermilk
biscuit I've ever seen it's a butter on
it wrong no this is butter is my goal is
to make this the most satisfying vlog of
2016 kids if I achieve that today I've
done my job cutting this pasta cuz it's
a little thick right now that's what she
said
yeah and then it needs one little little
spice on dash of parmesan yo mom if
you're watching this vlog like and
subscribe and also are you proud of me
because this is dope okay man it's time
to eat this food and I'm sitting here
and I'm wondering how can a vlog be this
fucking exciting bro we're not even get
this from I don't know but this has got
to be one of the best vlogs I've ever
made dude hey I just want to let you
guys know this is so buttery milky like
confirmed I'm sorry I had any doubts
about you bro you're delicious Oh
sitting here eating my pasta and you're
honest is making what looks like a
battleship but also a delicious
buttermilk biscuit I'm not sure yo what
did you just make what did you just make
bro
you got to tell me what this is Nutella
a banana okay and peanut butter on top
yeah yep one biscuit bro we need one
little more little final touch bro do
you see this this biscuit brought my man
you made happen today who wore to this
is me a technological breakthrough
whoa whoa what did you just make I know
this is so good this is so good
I've had some snacks in my lifetime but
this takes the cake from buttermilk
biscuits Nutella peanut butter honey
banana oh my god bro mm-hmm I know I
joke about it in my song well I'm down
to hook up with your ass boom okay guys
that is it for the vlog today I know it
was a little uneventful but you know
what what make slow gang low gang is the
fact that we are with each other for the
highs and we're with each other for the
lows today wasn't a low but it's like yo
like you know I wasn't doing much but
such as the life of a vlogger you know
not every day I live is gonna be the
most exciting day ever
or is it hmm personal challenge I think
so this is looking good this is looking
good one quick thing I want to say
homies dude we hit eight million on
Instagram bro if you're not on my
Instagram it's at Logan Paul if you want
to check it out anyways I love you guys
I will see you tomorrow I love you you
already know that so take it easy family
Cupid my job I pretty much haven't moved
from the spot all day vlogging so again
this is one of the most exciting balls
ever made awesome
