heyyo good morning up good morning
little game with papi I don't know what
my voice with the voice you act guys I
need you to talk looking why are you
outside with no shirt on I don't know
the Logan isn't it cold
I don't know Logan why don't you know
because I can't feel my body so it
probably is cold I'm going inside these
guys are making breakfast oh that's nice
for breakfast coming out there for your
Logan it's not parallel you're Talia now
we got bread cutting the avocados on
gosh bro how you feel
besides full precision compartment yeah
it is that is bringing the Aggies bring
in the accused
precision confirmed teamwork we got
delicious breakfast we're going to get
lit today sis sis I'm sorry I just woke
on certain strugglin bro I'm a little
dizzy in my brain mainly think George is
still sleeping might get the idea to
make him breakfast and then delivered to
him breakfast in bed style we have a a
nice eggs over-medium okay these are
freshly strike a pilot messaging a berth
for the chef yep and this is a low-fat
yogurt with granola and blueberry if we
want your child a on his diet we want
him to get the national trilling yeah we
don't want him to really mess up on this
trip man crew we're going to hook him up
all right I'll do this rope in the boy
my boy my boy we brought you breakfast
in bed no catches we're not pranking you
it's food enjoy you know trust us bro I
know it seems too good to be true but
trust us we brought you food bro come on
eat it bro Kieko food George why can I
work hard in this Mike I kind of just
vlogs everything you could just pick up
you ungrateful son of a bitch no job you
don't know let's try to go to Elizabeth
ELISA we made this for you we tried to
Magnus you
we didn't want to give this to anyone
else this was just for you like this I'm
like y'all I'm going to give this free
to portray to Alyssa dad is body poison
and I'll live it is not a snapchat did
it really happen
I don't know so for my breakfast I
decided to want to carve up a little bit
we got bananas peanut butter we told you
just hmm you like that
No thank God knocking why I'm still
going to eat this and enjoy it actually
might enjoy more yeah remove open good
book why are you eating it stuff other
than the breakfast that we made you did
it make you glad you guys made it for me
George why I was reading everything bro
why you turn on again because I'm
playing on them I was in the squad room
for joy no that is not true they're on
to us we're so screwed what do you think
about what's about to happen right now I
just remember Minh you really confused
Olguin is about to just I don't know any
any any word ha if you want me to do
Oh
surely waking up as you guys know there
is oh wait no which is situated lo que
do really it subscribe your track thank
you guys that seriously love you it is
time to get the day started for the
student we got boarder number one we got
boarder number two with George and we
got ported number three yeah I got my
American outfit on dude I'm going to be
two sexiest one on the mountain again
two days in a row
bro this might be illegal packing in the
car George looking like a lumberjack
Alisa being annoying a pretty typical
day all medic the problem what is
instead of vaginas everyone called it
biscuits Alisa violet everybody my man
why you look so cute right now it looks
like you in the helmet like who are you
delivering these shoes to Santa Claus
it's George Danko the Assyrian Santa
Claus Jackie I have your gift give
snowboard rentals this is the place I
need to be I got it thanks George
delivers gifts and opens doors I've come
to claim my board and boom got it okay I
will do that guy I was so satisfied the
very important before you go
snowboarding and skiing we stay
stretched out
oh yeah we are on our way up the
mountain to the first run of the day we
got Mike we got George we don't have
Mike for much longer
oh yeah he's actually like kind of
scared not booooo George good choice
go come on dig that all I want to say is
and I don't know if I meant to the jet
yo lo que hay two billion let's go
everything worthwhile requires patience
we went up one with we're going up
another land if I live I live we're
gonna get to the top of the mountain and
then I'll shut some pop out it what do
you guys think about the schedule now I
think we should all say gondola like
really annoying
Oh God dongle all the shaking oh yeah
dude this is the view bro please user
now or almost as high as the views on my
YouTube page before we start I got a day
by the blazing way or the highway they
use the signs to make a joke okay I'm
gonna stop
okay slight pitstop I I'm in full
American gear right now my hands are
freezing go talking give it about five
minutes Soviet legitimate frostbite here
to take a sexy Instagram pic you know
how George was taking on with his bare
hands we just really ten minutes and he
cannot feel his fingers but he I asked
him to take a picture she goes y'all I
can't close my finger anymore how you
feeling I I'm definitely scared you need
me to warm up put it in my pants put it
in my pants
oh goodness we are to believe so slight
issue what's happening they shot the
gondola down so we have to we're not
going to laugh we're not gonna be able
to leave the mountain I whip some
pitches yo shut up go all the way back
to canyon phase and that can you face
the free shuttles they get back I don't
know what he is well being broke okay we
have to go out what we're going to
Mexico
good okay so they shut down the thing
that we used to get up your meaning we
can't get back down to where we started
I think this is a good time to just set
my gloves down set to go but I take my
gloves off I already said that look here
we go along here we go I'm just going to
say I was going to keep it out of the
vlog but we are taking some heavy else
today dude we have taken the most amount
of L's I've taken in like week we
started late because Spence forgot his
iPhone and I forgot my boots I told you
guys we were like making movies on the
mountain yo Spence forgot the the cord
for the drone hell Roel that cusses -
that's why it's four five six I don't
know what players we're losing George
lost his fingers at drone no stop
where is George do we lost him dude and
yo and not only does he suck at
snowboarding but he doesn't know how to
get we don't know how to get anywhere
how does doors know how to get anywhere
by George bro this is like a legit it's
over bro yo we should do is go down we
catch the bus over catch another on and
get support and then we go up the
mountain and we get the death most epic
drone shot my man save the day rev it up
we say the drone is gone give it up it's
windy it's snowing we ordered a review
do you understand our pitching it on his
Mountain Dew bro we have to push grow
this vlog just got very real very quick
but that you my subscribers loading
hashtag loaded for like what's the issue
row row we started here at person to be
here okay
we always know
homey you know why do we do that no no
no home of the potato
yeah just taking another lift you I
don't know where cuz the elves were
taking our unreal to be honest there
were some L sick but mark my words
nobody out here on this lift believe me
but the day will be saved
it seems too good about you yeah I
believe I got an hour left what could
happen is oh come exacerbation
okay so here's the update still lost
still don't have a door we miss you we
love you we do miss you man I hope
everything's okay we know it's not but
we hope it is a good chance if not but
if you watch this vlog don't forget we
hit too many subscribers the only issue
I see with this is the fact that it's
snowing it's snowing catch it don't
blizzards are out here bro dude this
drone is a trooper right now how is it
standing these conditions becoming too
high we're going to do this it's gonna
be an epic drone montage let's go
I think you for a job
whoa okay so we made it to the bottom of
the mountain except we are literally on
the other side of where we started how
many miles do you think that is I would
say reach 150 at least 150 miles from
where we started possibly more who knows
we're about to take a bus back to Utah
near Idaho North Dakota I actually don't
know my geography stuff plus North
Carolina now we just made mistakes from
Ohio Florida let's go I'm hoping George
is okay I literally have no idea where
he is
here's the last piece of communication
we got from George I'm no idea where I'm
at might die hopefully is all right yeah
hopefully he's all right
oh my god is that dj''q oh yeah
my man come here and hug me our hands
are full vlogging snowboarding holidays
we go come on
George this is Georgia are you sure
you're George all those eyebrows yeah
where did you come from story the story
I get after the story that's the last
time I did it I know I'm just glad I
found you dude boy how do you guys know
just you guys know bro I saw your text
might die yo no I found Janko and I
found a Co we asked you we walked right
by you
why no the world is connecting like
stocks and creeks what are we doing well
I got stuff to do but I'll see you later
all right peace I got AJ let me go hot
oh my girl we find you we got split up
this time you did not true thanks but
you got so much fufu bullsh
how did ELISA do it why she's standing
on that thing oh yeah we went to Wyoming
North Carolina
Canada Idaho Ohio and Florida
yeah at the Florida no yeah we screw in
Florida we snowboard it out all our
haters use this girl alone for two
seconds and she's standing on stuff
making a ruckus and everything you're
making rocket show me represent me
oh we were back at the crib Oh as you
can see we're all a little bit tired we
have a long night ahead of us
but I don't know what's going on here we
want to take nap I think I know why I'm
here you have your own room house thank
you did you yeah I think you walked in
no no hey hey yo yo yo yo stop stop stop
this is my bed this is my bed yo
honestly you sleep in there yeah cuz I'm
coming up right now no I mean I'm ha ha
ha I feel like I'm so happy yet you guys
waiting on girls uh oh yeah it's moving
thing yeah other thing get out of here
you basic ain't no white video fact she
ain't no wife okay Alyssa refused to get
out and I was bluffing some going right
here follow low gang I love you 2
million I am actually going to pass out
for a little bit ok that was good that
was enough now before I end this heat
today's notification shot goes to stormy
barrientos as you can see stormy
subscribe and immediately hit that like
button for me just looking tonight
tomorrow I don't think we are going
snowboarding I think we're gonna hang
around the house to do some epic stuff
around here anyway slow gang I love you
2 million lights right we freakin rock
it I will see you guys tomorrow
take it easy family
this is was I said earlier just kind of
annoying that's all
