hey good morning low gang with pop yo
it's going down cuz this come on Oh God
so if you guys are just catching up this
house that we're staying at it's twenty
five million dollars George what do you
think of that broke that is not your
house not your ass is not Jordan I know
everyone know it's not George's house
huh what I actually have not been out on
the balcony yet just to move Oh
that's a dope jacket by the way dude oh
speaking of clothing and stuff you
should bring snowboarding always bring
underwear always bring underwear and
also snowboarding pants which I do not
have so I'm gonna go ah tights for a
little bit bean would be like these
responding and there's no ladies it's
better but to the penis for specific
we've got a little jalapeno chat going
over my little Petersburg place dude
this is our balconies the mountains
right there you can actually just go
right on the slopes and head down it's
all these big icicles I'm gonna knock
them down
hey what's up oh okay there's only one
way to keep the day started writing that
is
oh we made it
I wasn't going to record this first
round but I really want to see Alyssa
and George fall I really want to see
them succeed I just think it'd be more
fun to see them fall you got it come on
go let's go you go first
good Alyssa get Alyssa there we go
Alyssa one down was it bad though take
two you got it this gonna be a rough one
for you listen you guys
Oh Georgie losses go broke yo that sucks
hike bro with you in a bit homey losses
GoPro ELISA can't snowboarding we're
waiting for them this day is a cluster
fuck whistling bitch yo George we're
gonna go stretch and pop out he said all
right
oh not exactly they're good hell yeah
I'm proud this man even though he's
falling my man get me out of all that
much you uh Thank You Barbara I keep up
if you guys notice the girl Chantelle
who was with us yesterday was not with
us today I don't know what is girl went
but I think she's here does out anybody
tell us what kind of Ellen we're sitting
here waiting for Chantelle for like
seven minutes a text I'm like yo girl
where you watch because I'm gonna go
back down and they come back up yo you
know chasing this girl is like chasing a
carrot on a treadmill wait what what
does that even mean
I don't know I think it's because she's
so good look she's so pretty I'm like oh
like where yes I said I'll coming up
well well well look who decided I still
stranded by myself and no use man for
you my Instagram followers yo for a half
day that was great that was great
that's awesome perfect time go right
like four hours were all exhausted
that's how you know it was good and I
didn't want to say anything when we were
up super bro honestly about two hours in
biggest headache of my life felt like I
was gonna throw up
was really yeah happens I did want to
bring down the vibes I saw you looking
at advil ro I was like I pushed through
it I didn't we stayed savage low gang
for life let's go cuz Real Talk I'm
curious how did you do I did pretty good
the first time right everybody's like oh
my god your first time again I got all
confident you said you fell right on out
like so funny absolutely the video I'm
surprised you're not hurt right now I
was a key card was up guitar oh yeah we
do get a G he was so close to me no I
want to do this yo I was about to jump
on one of these love sex yeah was that
literally they're all taken look at all
of them so comfortable sitting on the
couch is sitting in the love stacks
making eye contact with my
ah comfortable locks and I'm not even a
little salty right now I'm not gonna lie
but I put my swim trunks on and we don't
answer me it's dope because it's
obviously freezing outside but the hots
of the time the cold and the warm just
mixes together perfectly in the
simultaneousness it's amazing oh my god
it's cold cold icicles on the ceiling
bro hit the icicles down bro the Isis
army I'm too cold to do anything well
you can do it George
I believe you huh pretty cool you go and
they want you been hot yo this sounds
absolutely amazing what an amazing way
to end an amazing day I'm gonna say
amazing one more time amazing okay thank
you guys for watching today's
notification shadow goes to t rocks or
one-one-nine scotland t rockem's for one
will not Scotland express my
notifications on I don't know if you're
male or female but thank you tomorrow
it's gonna be absolutely amazing epic
making movies understand not vlogs movie
tell them you love them love game we
love you we'll see you tomorrow
Gobbo what is she doing she's alone
she's alone in the house she's
embarrassing herself that's probably
what she did when she was not with us
today like all alone by herself
