hey what's up well that was fucking
weird
yeah I don't know what came over me
right there I don't know anyways here's
what's happening later today we are
going to yeah Sundance Film Festival
going snowboarding when watching movies
with festively with a couple of my very
good friends that's going to be off I
built this chair yesterday don't forget
it's frickin awesome a lot of good
things a lot of good things bad news
though you know la what's up it is
raining again another day in a row like
why dude this is mostly like the
sunniest happiest place ever we know
what I don't really care right I'm
leaving in four hours so another cool
thing is this trash which I have to take
out you know what though whatever right
I'm leaving in foot wait wait wait
I'm leaving for work you I'm not taking
that trash yeah I believe that for my
roommate mark even though it's all my
stuff third thing that's a bit foo-foo
yo we got no fog Jesus we got no food we
got to tell about it you tell her we
gods like what milk chocolate I can't
eat that check this out even in the
fridge
all we got is like liquids and beer I
don't drink beer at all wait a second
let it we just have lettuce and spinach
dude so good I'm not gonna lie I'm
starving and after I took that first
bite of lettuce I'm like oh wait this is
actually good
oh yeah supports the football thing I'm
hungry
I'm very hungry not a drill I have not
eaten in 18 hours I don't know how I'm
not dead right now
rest in peace Logan Paul rest in peace
fine that's another thing vine is
officially dead
all nine point four million followers I
had on vine gone we don't give it you
look plays out vine camera open it up
but what yo where's my account it's gone
you know we knew it was coming but now
it's actually seeing it happen and just
like the thing that got me here to Los
Angeles is gone bro I'm going to the
store to get some food because I'm
slowly running out of energy
we know these streets are soaked right
now bro by the order and over jetski so
I can get to the store haha just kidding
there's no such thing as the uber jetski
plus the stores right here I'm just
gonna get something simple some oatmeal
call it a day ooh wait a second my mind
is racing right now
I'm seeing these organic unsweetened
coconut chips ain't nothing like a
little today every drivers on banana
gee I have the recipe for deliciousness
right now who will stop me oh wait a
second you can't for all you young is
out there pay attention I'm about to do
one of my favorite secret concoctions
and I'm gonna do it quick so I know I
might not look the prettiest I feel like
that's inherent with oatmeal like
oatmeal like ah but it's actually
delicious
whoa this meals going to save my life
right now
this meal is gonna get me through the
day Oh oh my god you'll excuse me for
one second you boy needs to mash mash
yeah he's here yo admit you're loving
the chairs coming right good news bro I
got a second one well you got you got it
bro my man Marvin needs you the best
part
shut the front door and it balances like
I don't know how physically possible you
can literally take a nap Rockabye Baby
in the treetop when
when are you doing oh sorry there's a
pimple
so water let's do it more I'm sorry I
just can't resist row yeah oh my god you
had me worried a second oh boy I just
don't do that sit again cool yeah
sometimes that's my boss
hi buddy how are you he said how are you
hey respond we don't know you responded
I'm talking to you okay be respectful
Jesus I am going yeah to Utah today
snowboarding trip a Sundance Film
Festival wait what what
no you're just jealous because you can't
snowboard because you're a bird
mm what no false I'm all packed up I got
a suitcase full of snowboarding supply
problem is I ever pack another problem
is I don't actually have all the stuff I
need your boy does not have snowboarding
pins I feel like most people would think
this is an issue and it is but I think
I'm just gonna call my doctor
yeah I want to be that guy on low no
board naked and stuff feels like I'm
wearing nothing at all nothing at all
nothing at all anyways yeah I got to try
and shut this bad boy it is almost time
we are packed up and ready to go and
when I say we I mean we've added another
member to the trip y'all remember
Spencer what's up dude chillin bro any
shot you see that his beautiful artistic
amazing looks like a movie this guy
right here Spencer what are you bringing
bro we got a crib equipment addition oh
my jah hi what we judge okay so we got
the drone get the hard drive 20 foot is
gonna get ya yeah Thank You battery lens
journal a TV play lots o down what you
just don't know what's gonna happen well
why you bringing the journalist well you
just don't notice that we're vlogging or
oh good welcome to the 21st century bro
come on
I think Becky's very cute okay all right
I love her that's your wife Ringo it's
not enough enough back this is going to
get awesome shots
that's definitely
yeah a gimbal thing a seven smart ooh
no so we have to like grade-a cameras
honestly the stuff you guys about to
watch are no longer vlogs they're going
to turn into movies but the journal town
broke down with the Jays and smother of
guts yeah before we go I forgot you
expensive you seen this yeah they can to
prohibit locomotion the face of the
fireballs Oh bye buddy
alright I'm gonna miss you can you take
care of maverick for me that's it and I
hate that bird mark I need someone to
take your map you got a new book please
okay it is so going down right now like
say you bro also tell them how expensive
the house we're staying in is hand it
grant at night ten thousand dollars per
night you can bet your ass I'm not
paying for that because with each
suitcase place in the Ober I'm like this
is one more bad decision that's going to
take place as we can world just over
distinct no board no driver we want
Dallas are generally
let's go tom wah-wah
we just got to the airport um I'm so
excited I'm so first thing we do when
George gets here is screaming he goes
yeah you can't do that but no no why
your Middle Eastern can't do that sorry
Spencer Taylor George Janko Logan Paul
backs
George alert I don't live here bro
Laurie grow 36d 37 37 Dean my in the
middle I hope so one row off no yo we've
added another member to the trip how can
you turn yeah there it is whoa this is
Chantal we are also waiting for a list
of violet aka our crew is lit check this
out Roop yo Amaya beep did I just do
that one thing let's catch you I noticed
I have like the cool young like hip kids
say me you have mood 10 times something
to hear mistake the only thing really is
this Avery I'm gonna start saying move I
go right and I like move I know I'm
gonna start saying it I bet you're going
to start saying that's a fact
all right now a fact only okay last
night fact I love you in fact that's a
fact that's take fact clean it up then
that's my boy you look like a little
bitch oh my god that's my boy yeah there
it is okay hey hey uninvite her we'll
see you later shut up not coming on the
trip George oh you just got it
I don't know I haven't got it swathi I
discussed how we're gonna take that
there were two seconds that's that so we
are about to go through security as you
can see over here in Georgia the bucket
randomly selected being damned but I
know I should shave my face of luck
buddy
you're with a group of savages we had to
stop to get food except we are all kind
of on that health life so my damages
these are not meals they're so sad I'm
sad for us dude but you want to help
like charity I always have really hope
enjoy getting a bigger thing that I did
not on the house list you would notice
how my shows the status meals you've
ever purchased in your life what what
what I'm actually from a while but I'll
take it
why is she wearing all black someone's
has died like even her little like next
sleeping pillow relax why are you
wearing all black - someone died Peter
Hausen is awful you're gonna make me
hippest hashtag mood hashtag fact of the
fact you wouldn't notice blogs please do
not drop this it's not my dupatta
actually one hit it off you were hit it
off with a key no nasty lies in
everything but I'm talking about her 11
daily complaint
she has a boyfriend girls always say
it's her broadcast really I'm down to be
like eight nine and ten the all of them
give her a change if you have to get her
was go time there she is look who
decided to show up
look who decided who decided to show up
a listen I know there's no turning back
shot though he sons though cooks watch
myself thank you
this cannot be a safe George is walking
Chantal is walking this is going to be a
disaster you want to strangle your kid
fuck you you don't we honestly this
droops out is brewing a lot lingering
out it this group of about a cancer I
know everyone calm down I just want to
take this chance to point out you have
got rain you have last night you have
glasses expenses like I'm the only one
with no glasses
you're a prescription also not really I
guess welcome down
I don't know how to put this but oh no
they're not no I'm done I think Alyssa
could not wait to sit down and start
eating are you sure you can you hear it
up where you are you in front of me yeah
yeah
and George's to my left yes is not gross
my boys do I even need to say this is
the dream team like we are so stacked
right now Shannon Alyssa actually are in
the back it should be Oh down boy down
Georgia has made a home on the plane
here's the kitchen the living rooms in
his lap and the pantry is right here
back up my butt the backyard Andres but
big you don't know that's where they
throw the party okay we're about to take
off so you guys will be landing Utah now
that's how you answer Utah
that's how you do it we have to find
Chantel and Alyssa and then tell them
that we have an hour drive to get to our
resort ah what I don't know that kind of
time hey who's ready for that our drive
our drive we certain ways my bag I'm
getting my bag why you look so basic you
look so busy vlogging and glasses big
glasses Starbucks cute kitchen
are you not cool doing exactly because
I'm a service 100% pure Ohio's r7q
nipple ring oh yeah look good no one
knows that well my whole vlog does now
right
oh yeah yeah oh my god this is amazing
oh my god I'll take in all day right
there this is the slope this is the
composition oh my god how he's view it
out it's cold
oh wait a second out of my peripheral
yeah Oh give me my home babe we got the
gym baby Muslim in my tough spot no one
needs to happen right now me jumping
from up there onto a love stack right
now
no no shutdown that's how we got the
room no no no no no no no no your room
is over here
your room is over here your room is
right there that's it Irene the boxes
oh yeah yo Mike don't play like that
come on No hey are you looking for a
roommate huh - Elissa our guy was really
short
we just got shorted out right really
sorted out god damn
honestly it was it was it was too good
to be true bro like we had to take an L
somehow and this is it this is the L
we're taking okay boom bada bing bada
boom oh my god this is amazing
that is it for the vlog guys these next
couple of vlogs these next two or three
days are gonna be amazed like I said
they're not to me bugs they're gonna be
straight movie I'm talking Ruby oh ma
baby
today's notification shall I go to Eva
turn it from slovenia slovenian i love
you and Eva thank you have my
notifications on girls on that note I
understand one more time I am so
freaking excited on that no Gary she
love you I was you tomorrow
take it easy but can you help me do the
hair thing buddy are you yes you want to
if you bid my soap star it's hope worth
dope dammit dammit this kind of stocky
over the house is dope right
