I know you're gonna I can do it I'll do
it
this morning love gang with I'm back in
LA as you guys knowing the first thing I
noticed is goddamn what a good-looking
roommate yeah oh look you came back a
day early what you didn't like it
Miami's not my spot bro my machine not
the low gang buyer my this is my spot
hello Hollywood I've missed you we miss
her love in Hollywood is that you good
news also GDI always a healing bro I met
some fans of Miami's are like yo I liked
when you shot your roommates IVA off if
you missed that here's what it looked
like they liked when that happened know
what they say is funny no I think
everyone does so nice of you who the
second thing I've noticed in Los Angeles
is all these packages I got all this
stuff is for me Wow I'm hoping that up
in a bit I will I promise
as you guys can see I'm wearing a muscle
shirt oh geez muscle sure so it's trying
to you guessed it hit the gym the gym my
home my people I've missed you Hollywood
wait Miami waits just aren't the same
I've missed you Hollywood treadmill
Miami treadmills just aren't the same
I've missed you Hollywood cement pillar
Miami cement pillars just yell Logan
shut them up
let's lift Sunday
I don't think this morning you can do
how come you think that have to call you
anything more than the pause the workout
for a second you guys remember bred
Yogi's yeah tree trunks eyes oh my god
Brad oh my god my bus thattaboy
thattaboy
a little peep stone let's go Brad got
shoulder surgery
are you okay first off I'm always okay
you're not gonna be able to do arm
workouts Rose no upper body workouts for
six months but these are going to be
huge backing off you I don't know if you
guys noticed these guys were shooting
this whole workout okay yeah as you guys
are gonna eat you guys gonna be in you
know my gym after all I do live here I
need your help working out what I need
come on come on me can expend it or I
told you close my heart No
oh dear oh percent sense come on zero
come on no no get a breath yo but not
now do the other one you got even enough
so that is the workout yo I'm sort of
disappointed in myself right now one
because I don't think my size will ever
be as big as bread and I don't have
pants that show my butt crack do because
no one looks like a little baby back
weekend bitch in front of that cute girl
Ayla bro oh yeah I know and three my
nipples are slightly lighter than I
would prefer them but there is good news
kids here are some things that I am
happy about true while we didn't see mom
talking start to finish
two hours of 7:00 number two I'm glad I
wasn't able to do a pull-up with that
girl on my back that's a good size
shouldn't be able to do that at the end
of my workout it means I wasn't going
hard enough that means your boy got him
and your boy got high the energy is up
here right now and it's good it's good
I'm gonna take you down just a notch is
that my boy is my boy I know I missed
you too I haven't seen him in a couple
days my you ever feel like a plastic bag
come after the win ready to start again
yeah I look oh my gosh this is this is
bonding right here this is what
friendship looks like okay kids I made a
bit of a truck a bit of a hike across
Hollywood I'm now going to go edit my
movie airplane mode yeah yeah we're
making some final cuts in the movie
making sure everything is my way no
dammit I miss come back there we go
hello go this vlog is live hello games
Freebo jesus yo you scared me Rosa
training them play really right Davis is
one of the directors of airplane mode
which is what we're doing today sitting
the tits out of that today's like yo
we're going to take a girl in the phone
back
like I got it okay I'm getting hungry
I'm kind of tired look who decided to
show up hello it's Dylan eggs you like a
director of airplane mode broke where
were you because again my hair did yeah
looks good Oh what kind of massage deep
tissue I thought about that yeah you off
the hook on Africa Dubai unfairly tell
me you love me tell me you love me yes
what I wanna a lot of love you I'm open
to love do that okay I'm not gonna lie
to you lo gang this is where vlogging
gets sort of hard because it's 6:00 7:00
p.m. I haven't really done anything
today and now I'm like yeah I go I gotta
make some more content so I'm walking
down the street right now right and I'm
looking around and I'm just like what do
I do
luckily for me I do know one man that
will help me with this problem my boy
that's my boy system ah damn what are
you doing buddy you're adopting my Saul
King true or false
did you make me food sure which is you
ain't bro
Oh bro I made the best chicken chicken
person yes broccoli on buddy's got it
and carrot oh good we're seeing I was
inviting carrots help with your eyes
right Oh yo yo yo by the way which is
bull when I was a kid I remember they
told me that so I ate tons of carrots
when I was 11 I had to get glasses
because my vision suck and I'm
colorblind
yo yo carrot Georgie looks like we're a
married couple and you're cooking me
dinner although you bet your ass I were
the pants relationship yes okay I guess
who was this like wait I'm sorry I gotta
interrupt you and your very important
story not this actually looks BA anyways
yeah when I'm moving out of the house
and into college kind of you I think a
piece of food just flow
but went into makeover Oh what I'm
trying to say is when my mom no longer
had to take care of me I was nervous but
now I got my own George Janko so I'm
good this guy all I marry one kill one
me mark Johanna you still on it
you killed mark you marry me oh yeah you
marked it mark if I land this you have
to give me your Instagram account if you
don't you give me yours
five hi I'm the one that was on Joey
Logano in another Instagram if I land
this I get to marry your mother become
your new dad if you don't have to marry
your father it becomes really death URI
land ooh I need one hot number I'm sorry
do something fun ah great thanks for
dinner Georgie are we doing are you
doing okay Georgie is being weird so
imma go ahead and we go you hit the
ground so hard are you okay I'm glad I
have things to do no wait no I don't I
have things to open yeah Jesus mother of
God bro I was gone for two days but I'm
not complaining if you've ever received
something in the mail it's like I feel
like it's Christmas but not what are you
doing mark okay I thought you were doing
something else for all this what are you
doing mark mark oh okay nothing that's
okay again where we open up the packages
mark it out you just get from the gym
and homey disease like ready-to-eat
meals what this is the crappiest meal
I've ever seen in my life like I'm sad
for you bro it's the whole point of this
is to be like okay save me time I have
to cook food at haha and I this is like
a man this is nothing bro oh you poor
guy hose it haha look all you have this
is more paper for my flamethrower
yeah oh yeah oh geez okay a most savage
Mark Toner well I'm Lee says that haha I
can sense there's a sense and somehow
they get our address that I don't know
oh dang dude yeah
hashtag blobby we got mine decision my
movie airplane oh bloody ball versus
just a picture me and Holly with Hawaii
and sitting over pod on timeout I live
with you acting you every single day and
list making the cut over me maurices
detail later but it looks like a fun
girl in Maya Maya Maya girl
oh is it a diamond play button I don't
think I know it's gold another feeling
the play button this is not hangout for
your other channel wait you just all
have to is candle bit or over milling
some but you get it dude I have $100 I
mean it well here we go low gang we get
a hundred thousand sometimes you can do
I you scream like a little girl
ah
oh my mom'll yo it's not for this
channels not for the vlog Channel it's
my other channel I mean you're going to
I can do it I'll do it they reinforce it
this is your play button I appreciate
you John so yo this is a good visit dope
so I am actually super hyped about all
of these things I just I just hit it
kind of as a joke kind of but seriously
you guys freaking low gang we're all
here thank you guys for subscribing I
know this one is not for this channel
but still I guess this is a good time to
say if you did not know I do have a main
channel it's the official Logan Paul I
post other more produced videos on it Oh
Chris might know me on the blog check
these other two giant boxes are office
chairs apparently these are it's like V
chair and I gotta say it looks X but I'm
going to go ahead and assemble one of
these guys and see just how bleh now it
really is
ah I'm an idiot dude I hope this doesn't
give me a black eye oh no this my little
truth here we go yo come on tricking
engineer or what no I'm not like a chat
connoisseur but this is quite the chance
out there that way back oh this thing
means I do owe you and then you don't
some talking someone escort not
considering your Georgia home to gamer
so when it got me mouthing please hey
that's a cool tan here and not even say
that we love it all right
peep so with this epic era being made me
just chillax and that is the day today's
notification shout-out goes through my
girl elite philip from new zealand
police with you love you do not forget
tomorrow and i georgia going to buy some
guns and releasing logan oh yeah and we
are going to Utah for snowboarding I
told George to say that but he just
decided not to yo yo you guys are not
being enthusiastic for my vlog you guys
I'll be enthusiastic ah thank you come
here real quick this one one final thing
Matt guys leaving he's going back to
Ohio so I'm a nobody can you kind of
instead of putting your hand there
condors arrested nope nope rest your
face it's kind of in my in my palm okay
I love you guys I will see you tomorrow
take it easy I have the worst friends
ever apparently
actually bitch
