how about you Missy good morning little
gangster actually wait you know what now
hold on not in mine hey y'all good
morning low gang what's up yeah I'm in
Miami this is my view it's all I mean I
guess this is what pop hot damn this is
one of those times right I just look
over and I say wow life is amazing
anyways here's what's happening to me
I'll eat a hungry bro look I just want
some food but alas I cannot eat right
now because numero dos you boys about to
work one of those
tres dos tres cuatro Cinco seis numero
tres to be honest with you I don't have
a numero tres what does that know let's
go get swole son ha ha okay I'm here hey
how are you problem is I can't find the
gift where's the gym
where's the shit oh the going guiltily
enter the gym and the guys like mr.
quality you have your camera you're
actually not allowed to record and I'm
like uh don't worry I only use this
camera to shoot porn and then we just
kind of made eye contact for like three
seconds and then I said are you down to
smash my sister and then we made some
more eye contact for like three seconds
and I said just kidding I don't have a
sister
he goes no seriously we can't film in
here I was like so I'm gonna do it
anyways but we're gonna make it quick
boom okay emphasis on quick now I have a
few things to say one about halfway
through the workout I was like you feel
a little sick which is no way now
because I'm in Miami and I have think
that you have a panel in like two hours
I can't be sick and I'm going to the
Sundance Film Festival in Utah like two
days they have a snowboarding trip of a
lifetime I yell and guess who's coming
it was okay and some other people who
you might recognize no no no you will
recognize who the second thing I want to
say is the guy who told me I could not
film in the gym didn't end up smashing
my sister I did not know I have a sister
that dog a dirty dog sorry I'm going to
leave the gym I'm like yo I need some
protein check this out this is protein
this juice is protein 40 grams of pro no
protein supposed to taste like ass this
just is it's like kool-aid it just
doesn't make any sense you are
impossible
do you hear me dude you shouldn't exist
right okay time to get showered off oh
gosh oh that kind of hurt I know but
still not feeling better yeah okay yeah
I have a pail to go through right now
I'm just gonna wing it also if you guys
remember those girls who broke into my
hotel yesterday and wrote me these
leather I thought they were a couple
cool things let me just read how many
youtubers connect with their fans and
make them feel as though they are part
of a family a low gang what's good also
she said I smashed that mother like
button every day fam and my
notifications have been on since day one
haha my girl loking for lunch
oh my god the ocean looks beautiful damn
Miami looking good yeah
tell me I won't know no ready I don't
need your caching won't do it oh yeah me
I win those peanuts if I get it I want
these nuts protein yeah yo you should be
the vlogger bro you're funny take over
my man here is going to win these nuts
if you get sick we're gonna get the nuts
oh he gets in that Scottie
not unlike a young to brush and floss
business you know I'm tired of I'm not a
businessman I think it's important that
I get involved and like learn and blah
blah blah get fed up I'm freaking out I
lost my cool for a second there anyways
yeah I dude I don't know about this not
really my scene I don't know Miami's
that well I've been here maybe five
times in my whole life and I always say
as this resort and don't get me wrong
it's beautiful I just I don't I don't
know Miami this is like not my spot and
I feel out of place man so for that
reason I've asked my manager Jeff if he
could schedule me a flight home for
tonight they see gotta be able to get it
I don't know if a tree falls in the
woods does anyone hear it I don't know
did humans actually make it to the moon
I don't know just kidding obviously they
don't be an idiot yeah so Jeff Jeff
Jeffrey come through please okay he's
here give me the news what's news did
you did you book a flight am I going
home but if you would like you can go
home when probably today okay okay okay
okay bad news
it won't be in first class ah the
struggle is that this conference paid
for my first class flight if you have
not flown first class it is so nice do I
give that up and go home early or do I
not give it up and stay in Miami notice
when I put my finger here I just like it
conspicuously cover my acne oh god I was
gonna say Miami but now I'm not going to
say my that's the move jess is on the
phone right now with the airline
companies seeing if there's a flight
available for today Jeffrey give me the
good news into the zone you're crossing
your fingers approach so there's a
chance it's not going to happen
knowing the chain so you're telling me
there's a chance yo Jeff Paul is always
talking to a cute no just shut up Paul's
talking to a beauty Jeff Jeff hang up
the phone hang up that phone I'm staying
here there's babes in my aunt hang up
that skank phone no no no baseball card
down to this page here in Miami I miss
them what are you doing it he's done
billing addresses Jean oh my god he did
it he did it it's done and over I'm
going back to Los Angeles today I did
not do one Miami thing while I was here
I'm at the beach right now so I'm going
to say goodbye in the proper way
you
Jimmy's valid right rebelling yes Bobby
oh sure would you love me if I told you
the same thing up in my abdomen is your
opinion of a Georgetown water right
friends EPS maybe how about you cheek
Morgan was scientifically oh my god
that's a nice on you would like I need
him in my life and maybe enemy want
missing us yeah be married we want to do
I could you like them like a story on
you on coming to this event Alexei we do
everything we can but we've already
making
you
you couldn't just cancel the fight
cancer the flight bro I got milk giving
me their phone number I got milk taking
down my phone number cuz you could have
just canceled the flight like I got a
full bag or the airport dam in Miami
damn it takin an Ellen I'm going home
with the hell hey you know the best part
about that was bro I was never on Jimmy
Fallon I was never on Jimmy P she's like
oh you're on TV go yeah yeah I was on
Jimmy Fallon if anything else is on it
you might might have liked it I did love
you Jess I'm actually cool with
intrusive like hella needs me let's do
this a few moments later okay so I just
arrived at the airport and I'm the car
ride here I saw one of the most amazing
things ever luckily it's on video so I
can show you guys right now homie names
NEMA went skydiving he's like going with
skydiving and I also like the dad funny
me my I also like to jab
so this is a video of Nima doing my
double jab while skydive now I did not
invent the dad no I just like doing I
thought I will take credit for inventing
the double dance so here's the video of
Nima doing the double dab while
skydiving this is incredible
back home to you
so what that was amazing and while we're
here I found these girls in the airport
that watch my stuff I told them if they
want to be the vlogs I got to do
something I ready ready right one two
three hey yo I bring maverick my bird to
the airport sometimes she has a go look
I'm standing here in this thing this
thing goes goes it's the cutest thing
I've ever seen in my life I respect you
for bringing a go to the airport see now
just gets me thinking do I need to go no
am I going to get a go probably okay I'm
on the plane it's not first class but I
got the window of public in the ko
watch them stuff on this TV maybe this
asian lady for the next six hours or so
Los Angeles excuses well and we're back
in LA my house baby this is my home 2:00
a.m.
as you can see which means it's 5:00
a.m. Miami time I don't know why I'm not
tired I don't know why I woke Mac up Mac
I'm sorry for waking you up and vlogging
okay I didn't wake up one thing I
immediately noticed that I do not like
yo it's pouring in LA right now it's
like I brought the rain why why Los
Angeles anyways I'm not tired I should
be but I'm not so I'm gonna go say what
up to my boy George is that my boy yeah
my flower boy yeah my boy mo get my boy
ask you boy I'm on the ground
really I came back early what were you
doing we going oh my god go oh wow this
is sick you're easy yo you open arms and
I've already heaven yo Georgia you're
crazy bro that's why I love you that's
my boys like yo the point is I'm back in
LA and on that note that's the end of
the vlog thank you guys well okay thank
you guys for watching today's
notification shoutout goes to Benjamin
192 1 to him it 1 9 0 1 3 OTR Benjamin 1
9 0 1 3 OTRS thank you for having with
notifications I'm a boy also guys don't
forget to snowboarding tryst in two days
happening we're saying oh oh oh I didn't
tell you guess who's coming
you gonna be us a couple other people
that you guys did you die
I mean anyways I love y'all
I will see you tomorrow take it easy
family peace no thank you bitch Oh be
careful yeah
