hey hey you know it's about sausages and
Donna no Mirza
no you know music exists so much fun how
does the stop doesn't matter might be
drunk bro hey good morning little gang
Wow
he goes Wow really yeah I know it's
really early in the morning 7:30 in the
morning to be exact but I just landed in
my hand it's like 4:30 in the morning LA
Times is where I came from boy is tired
the boy is very tired right now I'm
waiting for someone
Hey yeah yeah where you going come on
bro we're a party we're together just
come back don't do this to me Jeff don't
do this to me bro yes you do this to me
now I got to do this to you college
especially Oh meet you wrong okay good
flight out a half hour oh I need eyes
Yeah right that explains everything
there's actually a four-and-a-half-hour
flight so I'm screwed so I guess that
means we're running on four and a half
hours of sleep on the whites to have
that on not sufficient for most people
but I'm not most people
how the Jones decision we're waiting for
a bags right now so I'll go ahead and
take this kind of stretch out because
listen to me kids if you're flexible
you're sexy come here you son of a bitch
I miss here we go Zuzu sir
I'm Paul Logan yeah I'm Paul Logan
Jeffrey riddle me this are we on the way
to the hotel first hotel men meaning
hotels and meeting meeting meeting
meeting gate man so many meetings so
many meetings some networking is that
way is that what this trip is I have not
told them it's a networking trip yeah so
we just we meet people and network cross
and network topping that case from all
media and branding and marketing okay so
like high-level intelligence me I don't
love the head of YouTube red age of
original and I know you subscribe to my
vlog thank you like and subscribe so
just like share and subscribe this is a
very adult trip very business II who
doesn't you can be big here I gotta say
though Miami you look beautiful
oh and that we are here oh yes yes yes
yeah
check this out I actually have any
business on over school but here is what
looks like a shower you have to reach
out here is what it looks like a
bathroom yep a bathroom and look at this
view
cuz oh my god is amazed but yeah this is
like the perfect level of simplicity I
got my office space and then savagery is
what my got to have a balcony
oh yes yes yeah this is awesome it's
huge
I'm on the corner of the building so I
get this whole balcony to myself oh boy
if there's any girls here Miami thing is
it going down this balcony okay at you
fucking fuck me a little refresher
someone hop in the shower real quick
before we go to our first meeting okay
yeah so uh here is our car and we are
going to the meeting hall okay we got
agent Paul in the back seat we got
manager job to my left yo who is telling
these people that my name is Paul Logan
is that you and now you I think it could
be for me Paul and you Logan for both
about their Oh cuz it is Paul Oh dnews
answer Paul smooth and thank you from
all Logan exiting the vehicle here we go
I'm stretching again yo the first thing
I notice about Miami and I guess I just
didn't think about this it's hot Miami
freaking hot oh it's nap big old
conference table for a couple of ChaCha
okay you guys uh you guys need any
vitamins I mean I have good what we got
a lot here vitamins in a heart shape
this is a gravel is it a heart or the
Kim Kardashian that no I feel why would
you say that
I wonder if this coconut oil has ever
had sex get it because it's for okay I'm
done blogging the world is your oyster I
wonder if they're going to send people
in here to meet with us or they dislike
them let us talk
boom okay yo that was a dope meeting and
here is why they got my name right hey
Logan Paul and Logan Paul my fuck I'm a
little tired guys down four hours of
sleep is slowly kidding me right now I
cannot be tired because um I won't we
have a speaking engagement or something
me and you yep oh so the idea was that
I'm going to take this time in the car
to do a quick power nap I'll see you
guys in a jiffy oh okay a little bit of
an issue on the tire cannot be a thing
because as you can see this convention
is kind of pop it I think ours is a
little bit of a small but proud more
like highest o'clock what symmetrical a
master class right executive in you're
getting your masters at college there's
less people you know I guess I get to
teach this class yeah this is not it
anyway but anyways back to the problem
of being sleeping be sleeping what is
what that mean I can barely form
sentences how am I about to teach
executives about social media this is
one of those times you just have to
gotta dig deep stay off business word of
the day but we're about to talk a little
business so here we go
if I put you in the vlog you have to say
bismillah really loud like this business
spin ya see I mean of logos like yo
we're talking business how is a day good
I'm an intro video uh how's that intern
life
awesome I'm eating a great like new
people like you oh thanks longshot ok
back ok guys Oh what is it back yo sure
thing thing oh I thought it would be a
party Silas Oh welcome to the vlog like
Samantha no Christy Christy
hi yo hot we killed that yo yo how did
you think I did I mean I write your
future consonants whoa
this one right here her name is Donna
she's like yo we got a dance hey hey
offices and Donna no visa no no music
exists so much fun
Donna just kinda doesn't matter - Donna
might be drunk bro okay okay okay enough
of this business how did I do it was a
good a platform Ryan walk-off home run
hey judge you the good honestly the best
I've ever done on a panel no maybe I
need to get four hours of plain sleep
more often oh okay I am back in my room
now there's only one thing to do and
that is get naked I am naked just
kidding I'm sort of actually not kidding
I have boxers on you get the point but
no that thing is show everyone my butt
from the balcony great what if there's
like some sort of public indecency
charge here we go you like what you see
has Nicki Minaj would say oh you like
that sweet ass I don't know if she says
something like that I say oh no I'm
actually going to go ahead and work out
we got about two hours till our next
meeting and I'm finding this an
opportunity to go get swole so let's get
that stop go back you stayed at this
hotel before and as I remember the gym
is freaking deltas problem is I forgot
where it is has anyone seen the gym the
gym oh you know salt annual Crystal
Light nice little aerobics championship
between regional finals from all across
the United States competing for the
title of a
arrogance bets aerobic athlete
I have to pause the workout really these
are girls what is it what did you guys
do they broke into the hotel yeah broken
and like Samba gym and Wii games oh well
I I made a snapchat in the demos like oh
I'm getting smaller and they broke it
because Kim is doing this yes but no I
do not condone this whoever owns this
hotel what are these these are letters
along it yo did you color correct these
letters yeah
how long did these take - right you guys
are the sweetest girls ever normally I
feel like I should be creeped out I
don't get creeped out and read people
break into my hotel oh prove that prove
it that's all it takes I was waiting for
someone - damn yo so those girls were
pretty Savage I say they're even more
savage for having the balls to interrupt
my work out separately savage to do that
anyways - you sweet girls thank you for
the nose guys that's a glow gank for
like let's keep kidding
Oh
heyyo and that is the workout guys yo I
got it in today I am going to shower off
and then go down there oh my god it
looks so lit literally because it's
lights everywhere
water just keep happening and on that
now that is the vlog guys that's the day
and so sorry that nothing happened today
I try to be Savage I really do but being
that this is my life you know every day
is not gonna be the most exciting
sometimes you've got to be okay with
fans breaking into your hotel
interrupting your workout and giving you
a letter with hashtag pussy parts
written on it literally it says that
hashtag pussy fart what Oh girls I have
like I said I appreciate your savagery I
do
that's the Walter Savage you're very
young and you should not even know what
a buddy unless we're talking about Jake
ball am i right ha ha all right we're
Paul Logan today's notification
shout-out goes to donovan gaston from
new jersey that isn't how do i say this
that's rough anyways that's it like I
said I'm done talking I love you guys
I'll see you tomorrow it will be more
fun I promise a kitty Z no gang hashtag
looking foolish
and you are
