I'm vlogging you don't know this blog
like boy you don't know this boy lives
blog life you have no idea I need to do
my intro I'm your control fine
do it yourself yo okay yeah yo uh yo
this was my family we're on our way to
get my wisdom teeth removed and let me
change what did you give me last night
mom
oh boy mom sat me down this morning and
and convinced me to take the seven pills
I'm not even there yet and I already
feel Rubeus oh no I don't got to take
those no I don't take those come on give
me last night already got me feeling
loopy and weird mom you know what this
is unfair Logan I should be doing this
with you as your father yes my boy
aren't you going in alone I appreciate
that mom what the fuck I'm not taking
this I took the one last night and I
stood up I was like yo
my mom I said fine this is a death wish
future Logan bro your first crystal ah
this is weird I figured since you guys
decided to ruin my childhood and get
divorced maybe we could reunite with
some carpool karaoke
please down for some carpool karaoke my
cam is falling Oh
this is a family activity and I look in
the backseat and I don't see you dancing
Greg you're broke I got moves but I
gotta get up and shuffle excuses excuses
it's carpool karaoke that's what you do
that's what you do and little bit of
taking back go beyond Friday night
a pair of jeans to fit just right and a
radio
you guys don't mind I'm gonna make a
very important phone call hey hello how
are you I'm great how are you good
can I place the order for seven large
cheese pizzas hold the cheese but stop I
know I'm gonna want pizza no no you
don't be to help omit you want beats a
little bit I'm fine never mind sir I'm
sorry
I'm I just didn't hang over me mom I'm
so dizzy that's why you should just sort
of chill along it and I'm serious when I
see this stop vlogging yeah just chill a
little bit
I'm never gonna stop look we don't need
you yeah yeah feel good you look good
going in baby fine bro I'm about to run
a marathon
it's right
yeah this is weird this is weird I I'm
taking over I'm the vlog you do got you
yo my question is how did they get you
on this wall we're going on than you
know yeah fairly are you looking good MA
hoo-hoo isn't that chick right there
thinks she's down to smash just go lay
down
it's go time what is this stuff this is
a 3d x-ray is he on her chin here for me
hey guys it's me Logan hey I'm gonna
line up the cameras just stay still for
me okay guys I'm freaking out right now
I've never ever felt like this time
around life
I'm really big for me you are me a smile
selfies relax I got a call for really
bad guys relax your shoulders
good we're gonna start the x-ray
thank God I'm gonna give me a hard time
today are you probably a little bit yeah
just where I'm gonna be getting my
surgery yes it is in this room oh my god
do you want me to sit down yeah I'll do
it ahead and relax uncross your ankles
please feel weird one of those numbers
me top of 69 please stop at 69 please
yeah oh yeah 126 over seven my healthy
you're pretty healthy okay what do you
think of the bicep thank you
whoa look at the veins huh small pinch
here okay oh Jesus
ah are you vampire yeah
must be nice what is this for we're
gonna spin this down in a centrifuge and
extract your healing components oh well
now that you just say that I know
exactly what you mean how long am I
gonna be out for like realistically
definitely take it easy tonight and
tomorrow what am I gonna vlog about the
dress oh yes a good idea and you're
taking so much blood you're gonna make
me bleed out you're gonna feel bad mom
dad go get your budget yeah what's up
of course she didn't wanna be its doctor
Bilski in the house please don't mess me
up today
more than I am look at that oh whoa
that's the wisdom tooth that one is just
so prominent technology is amazing
y'all might take an Instagram pic ah yep
21 year old male can't stand the pain
good cuz oh oh oh it's gonna get numb
yeah yeah I really hope so
this is nerves like a bitch hey big baby
y'all easy ma I'll beat your eyes trying
to piece your show I'll beat your eyes
everywhere in the pole no one is safe
nothing I can't feel my mom scale of one
to unjoin this this one hello maybe we
wish you were asleep yeah Logan Hayes be
encouraging you'd be a little whiny
bitch hey your dad
boy type your load okay good ah look
more mature Oh God
you're a palm oil bro me there's no
that's how we do it
still I'm fill out here I guess is a
five
Logan's teeth getting ground that's it
that's it Maya ditch like a crime scene
there they are going back in from
distance it looks like you're doing
something different than teeth
my lovely shop rock I feel funny
oh hi my son you know
guess he said you were new huh yes he
said you were cute uh-huh yeah that one
out love she's cute what did Oh God hey
hey Logan she's canceling the date
though ah
she always only doing that while you
were going under she changed her mind
she doesn't use it around here oh you
know you need to be a gentleman from the
Lee's okay I'm tired I mean hey Logan
you know what you put his head back down
give scissors I'm just gonna cut his
hair too
hey man oh my
you need a haircut I just got a haircut
I hate it why do you have a fish well
you look a little aggressive
I look Phil you need to soften soften
lay your head back but yeah lay your
head ben'll just bite down okay ten
minutes
ah mm-hmm um ah ah hey what's up
I appreciate you you're welcome what is
it ice it's ice ha ha I've got some free
suction do it oh and keep your tongue
fingers out of there ha ha ha ha ha ha
no man you got your doctor Tom Bilski
Cassie best ever I mean Cassie if you
available as the world maybe we go hang
out oh ok the hope is in the girls yeah
we're going that's right we're going
right after we leave here
oh cool I have you taken care of bro hey
I'll be Thank You Ruby from bill I can't
meddle my love good it'll be a couple
hours I can't feel my mouth love with
you I mean upcoming because I do got my
wisdom teeth taken out because yeah
you've been watching too many YouTube
videos yeah I've been naked too bad
you've in heaven ah
here go go so no well you know that one
ride the other foot
I'm with Fabian oh my god the color sir
oh come this way in case you need a
little little little Papa support
nothing my dad having his right baby
I love you love you too send money I
said send money guys if they do get 10
million views yeah I'll buy my dad a car
no make it Harley listen Harley I'll buy
my dad a motorcycle nice go Kathy admit
is it I'm so out here he's out there um
so everybody thinks much smash easy I
think he heard you I mean I'm down very
good big guy thank you for taking my
teeth first drink after surgery let's
see how this goes they warned you Oh
what's good oh don't don't force it go
slow no no don't force it you got
dribble they said that if you dab it
might help it that that yeah yeah I'm
talking about both people after you get
your surgery or that garden you taking
that not me I'm king free of it I'm go
for y'all I'll see you guys back at home
he gets his savagery from me bogan we're
going this way bro oh come on alright
we're driving my friend Alex was a
zombie did a freestyle rap when he got
hit with a teasing out I think I want to
give it a shot roll the beat mom boom
okay that's enough I'm just gonna play
be on the radio
this one's for my boys in the 8th down
your weather is the eighth time does
anyone actually know details okay here
we go
just feel my lips I still take your
bitch I'm poppin these days I'm poppin
these days poppy seed pimples all I do
is win I'm a winner winner winner
chicken dinner
I stuck her face down and I thought
someday violence rocker on the three I
kill this week with the heat then my
fleet we on fleek someone's coming now
Cher's got me now put you with the big
rock bow
I'm a mother you wouldn't notice I'm
telling you you wouldn't know this I
know this
you don't know this with my tongue know
this you wouldn't notice
definitely these rollin rollin imma beat
with my calling judging around fly in
the air a calling I'm a winner
I'll a girl named pollen I want the
other rhymes apparently polish I did not
make this song but I know the lyrics so
I'm a giver to go
okay yo go oh I did not make this song
but I know how to sing it so I'm gonna
do it okay oh hi I'm like I bought the
lines look but I don't know why I'm
gonna fire em the line oh my profile or
Duffy this is the band doesn't fuss
because dr. mohassid add back to this my
coffee
that is the word about the butter I'm a
singer little bit for the man among
these Ebrahim innocence I'm gonna take
you for the run again I don't want to
wind up in the gutter with a funnel off
liquor pretty cos go grab a call telling
me let's all figured out
check it out look at the wall party
there's always moments open to the cops
when I travel about me I come I need
what somebody get the results out of me
bullshit you gaud√≠ kidding me do me
like that virginity and usually me where
the change be nothing to indicate the
eevee eevee that's it like I remember
was a woman's eye let's get like a liver
it my baby's Gail so you close it baby
right there Jim my kids jumping duk-goo
Foley's berserk on I don't wanna be nice
put on TV pieces and can't get my mom I
really hurt my mouth and now he snap
yeah I'm done I think I was laughing too
hard guys I need something MA
how about a frosty from Wendy's
I was gonna say that
hello hi we'll take 141 vanilla party
with the start of Alma fuckin Savi mom
have you seen those pranks on the
internet where you get the fatties and
you dump it on yourself
mom when you see Han geez a frosty
dumped it on yourself okay do it mom
do it mom mom do it do it do it well you
took the baby now I got to cover don't
worry napkin I don't need it I don't
need it
oh I'm an athlete that cam will never
fall on my watch I literally can't even
feel it in my mouth really know you're
eating Authority is absent I can't taste
it mmm bro this is kind of miserable guy
I'm not gonna lie I just kind of sucks
no I'll never let you fall camera but
yet I'll see you later Greg you are you
enjoying your mini 40 I am a little baby
a little mini cause everything else
should be remember oh yeah I do remember
that too I'll see you later okay so you
may love you love you too where's my boy
maverick I'm coming don't worry I'm
coming hi buddy how are you yeah I know
it's because you got my wisdom teeth
taken out yeah I'm caught their heart
and I look like an idiot
have you ever had your happen who never
had that celery you want some with this
party here you go buddy I know it's
really good I know this about me saying
can't really feel my tongue right now we
good
okay I feel it but I feel like that one
dog
hey guys all autistic dog jokes aside
this is really kind of starting to hurt
now so I'm gonna go ahead and take a nap
but I want to do one thing before I do
that and that's just this Deb okay I'll
see you guys in a bit six hours later
hey guys it's me Logan uh there's my mom
right there common pain are you yeah it
hurts in my mouth area yo I'm not trying
to be a baby back bitch but I've a
pretty high pain tolerance tears are
streaming down my face so what is it
hurt so bad
look yo another tear and I'm not crying
you just the pain is forcing tears out
of my eyes
ma I'm I'm fine like a little bitch what
is this nice
who's gonna heal me two hours later oh
okay so I'm in a lot of pain right now
but I'm still gonna try to bring the
energy my mouth hurts but the rest of my
body doesn't show here's what you need
to know my brother Jake Paul Disney star
Jay Paul is coming home my mom went to
the airport to pick him up she will be
back soon it's been a while since we
were both in Ohio now we're here
reunited in our home stay in our home
that we grew up in and what better way
to welcome my brother home was a good
old-fashioned prank good what can I do
that don't know what's happening here
bad like down boy as a Paul we pretty
much epitomized the mentality of a big
cat I'm talking lions leopards Tigers oh
my so when homie arrives I'm gonna drop
this big cat poster off of our balcony
here he's gonna walk out that door right
there and hopefully it scares him a
little bit
she's back bro you pranked me I know I
can't my mouth is a little whatever but
I'm so excited that you're back Jake
come here but it's been it's been at
least a year since we've both been Ohio
confirm that's our mom that were both
been in this houses maverick
shut up stop do you want to tell the
people where we're going
tell him we're going out we're going to
Roman Atwood house cuz we both live in
Ohio Roman might be pissed dude I know
he likes to keep it like a surprise for
us and since we are leaving what what
did you yo can you can you be quiet when
I'm vlogging yeah all right thanks bro
yo since I'm uh y'all I'm not to beat
that ass though Jake brother Jake when
you're leaving here yeah cuz we're not
gonna be here so my mom is what are you
doing to our items pills for me yes yo
Jake again shut up stop what I'm logging
yo Jake
god damn so these five pills you take -
oh my god and that one you're going in
with yo what what I'm not taking all
these in one day no no no no I'm just
giving you enough so you don't run out
you're not trying to make me OD look at
this brotherly love
oh that make you happy bro well that's
us all right that's my bro dude you
won't you won't shut it's here you want
to shut here and tell me to never let go
Jack right now
no don't coffin yo easy son get this
mathematic right now we're going to our
dad's house Jake you haven't you haven't
seen dad yet
no cool I'm gonna get his reaction and
use that for my vlog footage so I
appreciate that yeah I got you bro like
I said I'm always here for the low game
yo no gang like you loved it
I love him are you sure yeah I love who
do you think got mom and dad better
Christmas gifts well did you go in I
went in I also went in but I
we'll see the side makes me think I'm
gonna win this one bro
the thing is I haven't gotten dad his
gift yet but I'm letting him get
whatever he wants so is it an issue that
he's gonna see this vlog and know that
you did not get him anything
oh you told him oh yeah I told wow
you're a great son I definitely want
that couple no no no high Jake's about
to say what's up to my dad I'm
definitely a steel this content
hopefully he's like super happy and gas
sentimental views looks like he's not
wait dad's at home you just ruined my
vlog bro you're along is ruined when you
started reporting easy how's that cut
deep George
my my name is Jake your your friend
George from all LA I don't know why I
just called you George's legit not even
here part of me thinks we should have
called him before we just showed up
right so that's Ohio they don't do
anything here I'm gonna kick down this
door here oh you're actually gonna kick
it down oh this here you're gonna plug
it
Logan chill chill bro for the first time
in his life my brother has used his
brain and he found a key Jake I respect
you bro wait it doesn't work there's my
first time in your life using your brain
I'm trying to get it to work hold on
easy teamwork from the teamwork oh oh
you're the wiglet oh oh oh you're the
wiglet oh yo I'm not saying I'm a savage
but try to open this door right now try
to open this door I'm ups to beat Oh bro
I just wiggled it I was there for a
minute and I got it huh the alarms not
going off thank God does it oh we Gucci
yo we know yeah Dada Dada I missed you
oh so good to see you dad okay love
getting my MA still hurts that was quite
the crazy day my brother is back overall
very good I don't really remember what I
said during the wisdom teeth stuff so
yeah I mean yo you weren't even there
chose to stop trying to act like you're
a part of I'm commentating for you okay
I'll be okay cool before I sign off I
want this video to get 75,000 like at a
hundred thousand I was this video to
give 150,000 like a what-what about two
hundred thousand two thousand five
hundred thousand
like oh and I will jump off a bridge
with my brother on my board okay um yeah
yeah that's fine
thank you guys for watching this video
can you stand up yeah I'm buggered like
I'm subscribe likes you guys come back
every Saturday do the hair thing is this
yeah you and I here are you gonna say
peace and that you're having I peace
peace that's you bitch gotta get that
stretch in oh yeah ah he just looks good
doing it
