Oh Simba one day all the nebular Hey oh
good morning low gang what Wow today's
fun today's an exciting day it has to do
a little something with this guy's my
bird maverick is uh you didn't know that
he's right there - we got Taylor on the
love Zack What's Up G we got throw on
the love stack go your morning routine
how are ya punkk oh excuse me before I
start the vlog literally I'm doing this
wrestle that's what I would do for the
matches before I kick people that little
bit aggressive uh anyways yeah maverick
maverick the parents who say it's your
day
no yeah it's your day we have guests
coming I'm gonna need you to chill okay
oh I'm average just take it easy okay
he's a friend he's not ready soon oh
cool oh gosh nobody's got a chill let's
go Babu Oh God Rosco shush
yeah we're painting you we're going to
an arch knew instantly yes studio thank
you we're painting you doing stencils of
you like I have artists and putting so
much time to make you maverick yeah I
wanted to bring you but I think I'm just
we're gonna go paint and then I'm gonna
come back and show you okay cool I'll
see you in a little bit buddy so Taylor
apparently has a pretty cool car what is
this called the swing shot we caught the
feet of Al it's called that with a white
feet Momo bases really shot let's go
three no door what it's not like a death
wish are you sure you want to put me on
this thing get ready I'll get a lot
Logan 12 log ever yo but I'm down though
actually way no I'm not I don't want to
die today yo oh my god
this traffic right now is kind of
ruining ruining the ride I'm I'm out bro
I'm walking to the art studio you later
cuz LA traffic who needs you
I'm whoa yes we're here we made it in
dog okay so we're walking in right now
and I heard there's a very special
someone here and it's like I don't think
it is I'm a lose my mind
yo you did you did Halloween yeah you
are stabbing oh this is the studio this
is the studio it's going down today yes
yes this is Sarah she is the amazing
artist who's gonna be doing incredible
things today you go paint maverick right
maverick if you're watching my vlogs
like and subscribe also this girl is
gonna make you a superstar you'll watch
why you just got piles of cocaine
straight up with you you had to do a
drug deals in here why I got coke a
thank you I will give you this for your
car Hey that was a joke please don't do
cocaine please oh my god it is amazing
you went in oh my seven smashed
subscribe whoa gang that log life you
wouldn't know I know you guys can see it
obviously it but I'm losing my mind
choking let's do something and we're
doing it right now what has happened so
we're gonna do is that I'm gonna paint
magic your clothes okay got it and
you're gonna go what I'm painting a
meaning okay okay I'm like I'm almost an
artist you know I make videos on the
internet
unlike me I can tell sarah has a plan
there's like she like outlines what's
happening we're gonna okay got it
colors oh good Americans like red
morning today
cool and this is just a pure black stuff
okay great Wow yeah you have this mess
out oh what what are you in our biz just
something I'm dealing with colors today
a lot of colors and it was going to be
like yo you're colorblind
how can you see the color that's not how
colorblind is worse guys I can see I can
see that this is yellow I can see that
this is orange
it's just when they start to blend like
when by the time we're done with this
painting it's obvious it'll be harder
but like so you guys know what am I
going either red I can't get the rent
you got educated today on the local pub
log let's go Sarah is going to teach me
how to do I would have there's a little
artist in me type this somewhere he's
like work friend
oh my god Evan wore public said so and
it's been with your best week only left
this morning I feel like I forgot the
dress that you draw Evan role you know I
love you yes yes normal at night you
with one the paint is on today
oh wow my girl
oh my pencil is going on top of the
thing we just did you're lining it up
perfectly and then we're going to do
this interesting
Oh
nothing will come out of the look oh my
god we didn't see this is beautiful
better again he wasn't on board and also
a little baby buddy
oh my god mo game experiment what I'm
going to give this one away
I'm redundant and an extra key yes that
position yes you national artists a
little bit of a house but there's one
way to locate all you can do is come at
hashtag go gangster Mike or like art in
the comments below these ones doing all
in me love it love it love it
damn Logan back at it again with the
beautiful art you made amazing art today
for a prank you I know right and also
like become holding these paintings
right now ready to go home bro just know
this is going to be interesting
what am I just like mounted here so
everyone knows everyone knows that we're
savage and we're in the low game does
look back at the crib oh I'm here with
the savage painting oh my gosh these
look so good in my house they complement
each other so nicely uh remember I am
giving this one away but I miss you
painting I really am why do you stand
with me also another thing I took from
the studio late Monday okay oh gosh okay
I'm just kidding uh this isn't cocaine I
don't think
okay buddy there is checking out it's
you metric he loves it
although buddy this does look great next
to your cage I think I'm gonna put it
somewhere a little bit more noticeable
yeah mark is gonna kill me but oh my god
looks so good its savage it literally
says it right there it said yeah I'm
gonna hang this one up two for one day
yeah yes yes yes yes oh my god yo I love
my bird way too much I'm slowly becoming
like that creepy bird guy you want to
see my birds these girls oh my oh my
she's going in she's going in right now
ah double damage oh my gosh I'm gonna
wait with them hello the girls are
amazing
what'd you think of the new art bro
dobre I did not make this one I made
that ah yeah she sensibly bro you're not
mad about the placement of these things
I thought for sure you just hanging to
drive Navroz this is permanent nachos
they look good here okay so some time
has passed and I love you I didn't say
this but I got three hours of sleep last
night and I was doing good the whole
morning I'm like yo I'm like I'm proud
of myself I'm surprised I have energy
slowly losing it but actually you know
what vlogging like helps me like it
wakes me up
but anyways next item on the agenda uh
you guys remember that video I made with
the rock way back when I need to take
this opportunity right now to tell
everybody out there so now that you see
a sad side-by-side this is a big dude yo
yo we did one for my channel which I'm
editing and it's cooking awesome and we
did one for his channel except for his
video there are some parts we have to
shoot here in Los Angeles so that's what
we're doing right now it's gonna be let
is this a rack of clothes that's going
to be worn today right and then I see
fairy wings on the table I'm not gonna
be wearing these
I feel like I should have clarified this
Dewayne is not here it's Dwayne King but
not doing you know I'm not gonna lie I'm
a little disappointed that time the rock
would be here bro
so today's video I'm going to be wearing
a bunch of different outfits and a bunch
of different makeup setup so what is
this first one you're making me orange
ah John Wyer Burnett
you make me cake okay cool yeah sounds
like a six day ten dirty animal this is
this is the tan stuff it's going to make
me oranges I honestly could probably use
this like all over my body because I'm
I'm a pale human being I mean I'm
working on it I'm working on it so if we
could just make me all orange heavy day
no they made me dirty I'm so dirty oh my
god and is an extremely well lit green
screen behind me the fun that we're
gonna have in this vlog starting now
begins now I could be anywhere in the
world that I want right now where should
I be never place the moon the moon that
gravity and forget your boring whoa
there bot one day I'll do that deal this
is gonna be so much fun it was fun
industry outfit number two no dos in
Spanish although I'm a gladiator I want
to be underwater whoo this isn't cool
huh ah yo this is the dumbest looking
thing I've ever worn in my life I like
it yeah okay
yeah my dad because my pilot name is
dabs wait wait weren't there shit haha
all right and action yo bring it up down
there bro we're gonna miss happy hour no
good oh so good I like you here with
those as we're talking no worries grab
the girl bring her to safety
get rid over we're going to Apple
because oh ah I'm good that beat what
can I be not pyramid yes whoa
check it out so feel reappointment it
Howard pyramids made Haley I don't need
/ka a little everyone art and action
yo what pause yo got some balls talking
to my boy like that it's freaking cool
oh the next movie we're putting me in is
fast and furious
we're recreating this scene where the
planes are falling from the sky with
that car we're not actually gonna I
don't think no no okay oh I'm sorry guys
I'm not dropping out we have a plane
Town Hall
okay okay cool convertible with that red
letter I'm out here right now
yo so that is a wrap thank you today for
making me look beautiful I want to come
you have a while on the topic hey thanks
for making me look beautiful today that
was really hard
oh gosh yo I got to go that's the car
let's go I back at the crib Oh Mak is
here yeah bro I got some for you
yeah rose there you go it's all yours
remember guys I'm giving this one away
just comment hashtag allocating for life
or art ah and today's notification
shoutout goes to Alberto um ancestors
from Spain hey Alberto thank you for
having my notifications I'm broke I've
been no tired all right someone's I'm
going to bed
I frickin love you guys I will see you
tomorrow tomorrow night we are actually
Lea flying to Miami I'm going to Miami
but until then I will see you take it
easy Sam s you bitch yeah
