heyo
good morning little gang would so I hate
to start the day on the negative but I'm
yo down boy down I'm salty right now
here's why it is 11:30 a.m. I had plans
to shoot videos all day with Evan if you
don't who Evan is he's my door friend
he's like things just always do timing
but here's the thing ah to shoot videos
you need someone to shoot the videos
that person is called a videographer
I don't have one I can't find someone to
shoot my video it is the most
frustrating thing ever I have one of my
best friends here who's so talented we
are the best physical comedy duo on the
Internet and no one buys any how so
we're dealing with that right now
struggling with that and there's a kid I
got no time to go get breakfast
somewhere or make breakfast bags blind
know so I cooked one of my three cooked
meals that my personal chef made me
problem is she didn't make breakfast
this week only lunches and dinners so
I'm eating this lunch for breakfast
grateful that I have food though make no
mistake
oh yeah man looks like I'm eating right
for breakfast do oh shit yeah we're not
gonna lie guys I'm struggling right now
this is delicious but the struggle is
real I cannot do my business my work my
passion my love I cannot do this that
vlog like you wouldn't know this there
is and what does he have oh my god bro
what is that never seen a gainesville
like that no what did you say when you
orders man
strawberry banana bowl see I've never
gotten one of these not the typical guy
I know pineapple pineapple just over
banana
yeah well define what the stock even if
I want it clearly because it's pineapple
on it no say to get a lot I got a banana
hippy you got a banana shower banana
pineapple you laughing Jesus I don't
think me I think it's her there's no
such thing as a strawberry pineapple
welcome they made it for you they made
they made it for you because you're a
dwarf and they love you yeah you know
yeah Wow
we got no videographer buddy I need help
no I need someone to shoot my videos I
know you're a bird can you make you
shoot them what you can't shoot them cuz
you're a bird okay
two two is the number of hours and has
passed since I first started whining
about not finding videographer zero the
number of videographers we still
currently don't have
we are hey got I gotta what's the mood
row this sucks guys done today I've
never been in this position well not
only with the dwarf of my back with but
just in general not being able to find
someone to do my work
silver YouTube play button low gang for
hitting 100,000 subscribers on this
channel go ahead I need you to hit it
and hopefully how it goes right through
the back of me and uh kills me I was
hoping this day would come
no fly
why kill three we doing I'm uh cutting
out the inside of this pineapple so we
aren't dealing whether they can say it
looks like a cutting today at all I'm
cutting this pineapple bear oh I'm going
to tear you a new asshole you want to
finish it um I'm already so I'll go so
good oh my god Logan Oh burn
what I'm vlogging clearly this is me
hungry yeah talk to me bro tell ya all
right we'll see you soon the ways that
means for the pineapple I don't have to
fuck financal I'm really waiting for
that to uh yeah this is he does I will
see you later bro so now that I have an
hour and a half to kill I'm going to eat
some trail mix but as you guys know I'm
on that health life so I'm currently
separating the chocolate and the M&Ms
from the raisins and the peanuts also
what are you doing
do you want them here they say Oh buddy
Oh it's puzzle is slowly coming together
there's one piece of the puzzle that we
have not acquired yet so we have Evan we
have me we have a videographer and we
have Amanda Cerny
why am I only two fingers I made like
the last piece of the puzzle is a dwarf
girl
it'll be Evans girlfriend in the sketch
room I got you a sexy girl but really
though if she says she's not available
response again we are back to being in
Hina yeah we it'll only had to get that
final check yeah I'm thinking maybe we
bring this out just in case we're still
screwed dwarf girl her name is Christine
Christine Lee come through please
second flake in yeah oh yeah yeah okay
cool come by yeah I like it's plastic
don't worry is the plastic I be sicker
give me your fighting
we're fine account VG's
honestly drill pull the trigger well
just get your foot and see yo someone is
droning those droning right outside of
our house who is droning right now yo no
way someone is drowning looking on the
no no no way this is amazing this says
low gang on it I think it's a kid it is
that kid got them yo this is amazing oh
he's flying this drone around here Oh
logging on this isn't it I'm not gonna
lie to you bro
I've waited for this day to come like
someone the summit is someone's if I'm
just shoot a drone outside of our window
and like so much naked yeah here yo you
save the day good-looking hunk of a man
whatever I can do to help you know let's
get some heat get a little closer
I wanted to attack you for the vlog
there's a good vlog content get as close
as you can get you got it no you're fine
look look ya'll are bonding oh but
maverick no bad Oh talking smack he
talking smack ah
nope maverick is clever
oh she's attacking the camera where's he
going he's going around row why is he
walking around like a human being
oh so we did what you do a fabric you
have WIC hahaha yo he just creeped back
there so he's like he's like heaven he
wants to mess you up bro look at my boy
first up your sink is full here's a
second off I got good news because this
day is slowly but surely turning up
between Cash's and then we got these
sure
hey matching shirts here's your yes this
one is mine so we're going to put these
on and then just be sexy dwarf dwarf
twin doors yeah it's pretty good for
love it's more yet the day is looking up
look we just arrived I have bad news
what I I forgot
do you have grey grey got do you have
grey grey shirt
Kiev agree shirt yeah but it's a shirt
for me and you're not it like like it
your shirts are really tight
yeah no Pikachu's right his way for her
to get here yeah we're waiting on
Christine I don't know yo nothing if
you're watching this vlog I'm so sorry I
got I got it me Christine hey do you
have that gray that's a hard gray that's
ha ha I'm thinking we start a band and
we call it hard gray are you guys down
that's a terrible joke I'm so happy that
the day is finally turning out I don't I
don't think we need this pineapple
anymore huh go ahead and toss it bro oh
yeah one more one more smash eyes
waiting for Amanda right now you guys
remember this like fireball shooter
thing that I have I'm gonna try to scare
her I'm gonna shoot fire out of my wrist
like me or her not at her hopefully I
don't hit her in the face like I did
Marc simple yet it should be good
yeah these guys are going to match Evan
and I are going to match it's going to
be the sexiest couples ever
let's go cuz hey there I switch to the
iPhone because I forgot my camera
upstairs
way to go Logan this is a last shot we
are racing the Sun yo y'all looking good
I haven't you gotta get my shoulders for
me that's gonna work it off climb on I
can't move ah how you guys feel oh
that's that good is amazing hot yeah
you're Evan
you get heavy bro yeah my man gets heavy
yeah you're a solid weight you're a rock
goodbye Amanda I love you my girl
goodbye I'm gonna miss you and your lips
on my lips mmm so I just walked Kristine
down I forgot to say goodbye I forgot to
say goodbye busy busy I gotta take
okay
Rhodey they will be staring at us so
he's looking right at Christine though
if you watch this vlog first up Thanks
like subscribe second off thank you for
filming today I'm not forgetting to say
goodbye the catch is yo peace on me if
you got it what ha he told me while I'm
doing a heat joke on yesterday oh hey
Maya
yeah he's learned he's like you had the
biggest ass I've ever seen in my life
yo so the day did get started slow as
you know we had some issues but like I
said it's slowly turning out we are
actually throwing a surprise birthday
party for my little brother Jake Tommy's
turning 20 his birthday's in three days
so we're gonna surprise him a little bit
make it a thing hit him across the face
probably actually just me doing that the
point is we're going bro it's a party
it's a surprise and it's gonna be hey oh
honey I'm over here hey what's up you're
looking good except this pimple right oh
my god is the mountain you'll acne suck
bro who told me during my vlog it was
King badges fine anyways as I was saying
that pre-party meal healthy as you can
see I got some good grains I got all
roughly a hot chicken I got a because
I'm not healthy and we're talking skin
look at my saw yeah my roommate was so
kind enough to launch a play for a rider
was Kristin look at this bird Oh yo I
see what you're trying to do Logan car
and I don't gonna prove I'm not trying
to do anything
Oh chill we got no problem you do I look
you expire from sure is the main problem
oh but is it what
Oh yo beat is a seven we did a thousand
a Evan and I are matching we're looking
sexiest yo what up guys we about to go
to Jake's surprise party yeah yeah no no
no no no surprise party you cannot post
that don't Donald I don't think you an
officer there bro but I we are outside
the castle now someone dead Oh what's up
yogurt Oh Jake here no no yes okay good
so we still time to surprise eleven you
ready bro by the way think we are the
sexy dress people found a pair of twins
boom boom badda quick I better go yo
where's war boy what does my brother
have in his house why dude we need one
of these for our house mark can we going
to use our house apparently someone's
put Alyssa in charge to tell everyone to
be quiet I feel like it's such a bad
idea
why why why would so for you in sorry
how are you checking respond every
second posted
oh listen to everybody that's what it
takes that's what it takes
yo how ready are you for this o
yo.hannes is going international in the
camera in Japan us and just not get
reaction usually like this
well when you
your could York leverages oh did you
come out I do not at all what do you
throw on a drop later on the web vehicle
let's go Bobby station it's all gonna be
wonderful
ah
find out the future something in your
nature
these are facts this is my well we love
you
Logan we love you all so today's
notification without I'll cover you
without ideas on my glass I watched your
blog's and only go to the connection
there is ideas we worth more than with
the same team back thanks Frank I don't
like when people are like yo Jake polar
or Bredesen Logan's looking like a
little bit better than J callers no it's
all one world it seems you guys girl
with a puzzle is called alone no Jake
baller footballer some down I love you
guys appear tomorrow text easy
I did not definitely not easy
Creasy
Oh
mmm
