hey good morning Logan what Gooch ah bit
of a weird hair day this morning
check this out and straight you
recording right now I feel a little bit
slow so I'm gonna go right through the
gym wake myself up force myself but do
something also got some people to clean
the house because I did not want to do
that way she goes oh she's telling me I
did not wanna I don't know how cuz she
seemed okay anyways y'all go hit the gym
run home okay I am so out here right now
I'm not going to talk much and just get
the day started
above you in the Sun Goes Down
come on it'll be who can light this pub
and when you feel like you burned me yo
easy what a fun dinner are you guys like
a limo bees were cowering dragged me
from my work table oh yeah
all right guys I'm gonna I'm gonna work
out now is that cool what's anyone more
disgusted one more to check oh my is
this kid dabbing on the parking garage
across the way this is the most amazing
thing I've ever seen yeah yeah yeah oh
my god oh this is this I mean thank you
that is incredible I love this kids I'm
not gonna lie this system is just big
started please tell me okay now I'm
going to try to work out let's see what
happens oh my god I kid you not call
from my agent I love my place what's up
man
Yeow Oh
halfway through the workout I was like
oh my god my stomach I had fish last
night I had fish last night just said
that I suffer from short-term memory
loss and I felt it kind of like coming
up you know what I dug deep asserting
myself I'm a dancer and I kept doing I
kept I did it broaden and then I
finished my workout ah someone stop this
man so yes kids the lesson of the day is
even if you're feeling sick feeling down
tire whatever push through that you can
do it okay with that said let's go up
there okay I'm outside my apartment in
sugar sauce seeing all of this the
cleaning supply material this makes me
so happy because I don't like to clean
like at all
zero oh my god so cleaning they're clean
oh my god I'm taking my shoes off over
here so I don't ruin their hard work
this is amazing dude like people are
going to come over house seemed a clean
house really oh that kid is such an
adult
but really I just hired adults to do it
for me a most people choose to spend
their money on cars or girls clubs all
of the above not me bro not me I just I
like to have a clean house bye we love
you
and by we I mean me myself and I and if
you want to get married and run off and
have kids and move to Thailand can even
like oh my god it's awkward cuz
Johanna walk through doing that and and
she's still outside show you ready yeah
no I know what's coming
yo yo I'm tired man estimate I have bad
news dude oh no it was she's two at a
time would ya
but it was dull I want four of us like
right rolling that's what I'm sayin cut
I have the power that only Athenian gods
have in my wrist is that my boy but he's
in this cage because I didn't want him
to attack the maid I don't I don't cut
dude no no no that's why I put you in
your cage I'm bleeding you outcome there
you go buddy
be free yes yes yes
that's what I'm saying he'll everybody
you can't know
although you're being an asshole look at
the clean room you now live in and they
clean marks room - oh my god this is
sexy in the bathroom - this thing is
spotless
hot damn ahh such a freakin adult yo
mark what you think about this clean
room I know you like it and I know bro I
took some initiative
I haven't written straight on it
spongebob broke my butt cheek so that
you have a giant bud what what what what
I keep all waiting waiting for my food
to cook I keep alway there it is oh oh
victus out guys I'm on that health wife
my personal chef made me this she's a
what she does she puts it in Tupperware
and then I step to heat it up again just
another one of those things where people
think like I do adult things but really
I just hire don't we got some carbs in
our sweet potatoes healthy carbs we got
greens and then some biscuit brisket for
a protein biscuit biscuit no it's just
brisket but then again with the brisket
I don't know but I know it looks like me
and go ahead pump - yes I did just use
the word ergo this is why you guys need
to watch my vlog I educate you watch
ergo great work
ergo used as a sentence connector
therefore or Consequences Oh education
it's like we just you screwing it how
you might you loud what are you doing
are you just enjoying that view that
nice building view I'm so much akim's in
you're being weird buddy
a few moments later okay I ate the meal
and it was muy bueno luscious gracias
Senor eat more important thing is once
again sleeping this man loves power naps
a little bit here we go I scared you
with a teddy bear on my personal problem
bro I gave it to you she could snuggly
bro there it is
King ball disc I knew it was too good to
be true my man is too cute when he
sleeps
I got made him a snorer he's been
sleeping in my bed to last like three
days and every time he just starts
crying
I hit him to wake up I'm losing my mind
right now are you seeing this yeah bro
goes it sucks and it's so amazing at the
same time oh my god sunset right now
it's so beautiful what I can't see you
cuz it is damn building I'm losing my
mind right and I can't I can only go
over so far from here I can't see it
this might be the most beautiful sunset
I've seen here in Hollywood and I cannot
enjoy it because of urban sprawl ervice
bro
when cities expand and take over
everything the more you know hey I was
doing just fun who I met you and I think
nothing that's an issue but I'm okay no
are you see are you missing out on this
song see look at these clouds yeah dude
gorgeous convoy are you referencing a
vine that I did a cloud boy
what is your thoughts/opinions you know
I shouldn't like this sunset so much
better this is wrong this depresses me
bro
you know I blamed it on a urban sprawl
that it's a UH urban expression yeah
okay why are we so gold Dolan and the
sunsets beautiful drop sexy and romantic
gold yeah I love gone ah we're all just
getting more and more
man as we watched the sunset this
frustrates me so much right now oh my
god
you can see how it's almost incredible
but not quite God did it not written so
that you're making a man once
good I gotta put there now just put em
in there for the rest of your life
having could cover it up he's a
mannequin challenge permanently though I
have someone on guard who I think was
not gonna let you do that listen to me
buddy if anyone tries to come in here
mess everything up you stop them you
bite them you squawk you make noise got
it
it bit fits in like oh it's letting a
happening down there before you know I
didn't know Evan had that much power in
his body no no I turned and he may
kicked me he's seen it I got it on video
Evan knows a guy he knows a guy
yeah who sells cocaine but also fixes
drywall really we're a industry but like
good like we got I'm gonna bring a girl
over again her not going to come over is
that true there's a dent in my wall you
won't you will come over cuz the dentin
must wall oh snap
I feel bad for mark homie his game
burned right now I'm just gonna mark
life a lot rigidly bro so sorry
okay I'm with the boys the one not to
what three can someone tell them what
they're doing what were you guys like
the way I flicked my hairs ago it's
always the same your hair is literally
always the way this is a lot more than
Johnny what do you guys think about my
hair because I'm the right today I know
I like it for watching it's airplane
mode just look guys it's not color
corrected yet it's not colored there are
no VFX and there's no sound design it's
like a skeleton movie right now we're
still editing it but it's time to get
some notes so I'm like yo my bring my
boys and see what I think of that movie
though how can one human being be so
good-looking and cute - all the
ratchetness and kind of disgusting this
that is Hollywood we actually live like
in the center of everything so we have
the privilege of walking to the theater
right now - Evan he's on the longboard
lack of legs well it's like triple you
don't have short legs easily as long
before yeah but you got damn does the
cutest thing I don't see yo y'all got
the front seats damn what it's like a
director's champion will guess who wrote
the movie starred in the movie and
produced honest clothes not your custom
clothes the hairstylist hates me Oh
so although the movie is not ready at
the reason we do screenings like this is
to test what works and what does whether
it's the joke the story itself or like
certain care are this right here is how
we learn if we have a good movie but
let's be honest if you're excited this
is big dude isn't on the screen yet
excited their important thing Ari I
don't know if you notice but I had a
very important scene in the movie in
this movie yeah somehow I did miss that
sick I remember when I was in the movie
I also missed that yo I can't wait to
see the scene where I make out a list of
violet what I don't wait
we oh my god boys a movie star would
make it out with me yes yo mark between
that girl today and your makeup scene
I'm bored yeah yeah I need to break more
marks walls
what oh you are your roommate yeah
roommates eyebrow no name he doesn't
like I call him my roommate my dough yo
and all of March blogs he says my
roommate but mark I'm Logan Paul II but
I tag like a little no I am and then so
I tweeted today when your roommate
burned driver off no tag okay all right
here right most weekends are rad what is
still missing
polish had your student up most of all
when you enjoy it is no excuses watch it
be ruthless you know let us know if you
feel like a drag that any places got
boring some jokes didn't hit record
anything put your phones hand my mother
hey subtle plug no shame I'm not
recording a movie Logan Oh
we're conditioned building were like
making everyone take a test asking them
what they look funny I go to youtube
it's like three pages oh my god okay so
thing about this vlog line dude the vlog
life is no joke like it is what I'm in a
second 4:02 a.m. my boys are fast up on
the couch why am i awake right this is
lovely it is it is so real like I cannot
hide anything from you which is good in
a sense because I mean like we low gay
we family oh my god this is next-level
louder right now oh yeah it was doing
30th birthday one of the directors of
airplane Oh No haha anyways yeah it's
4:00 a.m. I need to get to bed I love
you guys
today's notification shout-out goes to
Christian shelf India chrishi thank you
for having my notifications I will see
you guys tomorrow take it easy peace
it's you bitch
