so why would you push it to a mark whoa
easy on the wall okay so my hand they
just broke mark good morning love gang
one hop I'm dying right now guys let me
bring you let me reel you into the life
of Logan right now it's 3:30 p.m. we
just woke up mark how you feeling bro I
was like oh and I just love how people
believe anything if you don't know I
mean you should know but we're made this
like inside joke DeMarcus herpes like
it's a joke I think and actually tell me
if he does not think I yell but it's a
job I'm sorry cuz I'm sorry I'm a virgin
they're like you're a virgin you said
that one I I have it on tape called a
virgin I'm a surgeon your virgin and
your herpes has I have wrestling yeah
you could wrestle and get and get oh I'm
touched Conor McGregor last night
speaking the rest
oh yeah okay so maybe man maybe we
should tell you what happened last night
we went out gotta McGregor was there he
was at the after-party that we went to
and Mark loves Conor McGregor he's like
you want touched him I was like yo s
dope bro that's sick he's him ultimate
savage he is also you could just tell
like I walked through the club he's just
like not even like like most celebrities
they look forward they won't make eye
contact I was straight look he's like
Yolo y'all Akeno she's Conor McGregor
he's looking around like almost like
he's like trying to pick fights dare I
say yo the bottom of the candle is not
there what yo what happened to our
handle you y'all have that because it
looks like our candles brains are
falling out okay cool anyway Conor
McGregor Conor McGregor ultimate savage
I gotta say more I don't really know
what you're doing you look kind of
lonely sitting or you don't even on your
vote you're just go City oh yeah oh yeah
we I did you the winner ah the winner of
the stormtroopers helmet used in the
paintball stormtroopers video
Helen underscore loves underscore pig
telling those big you won the helmet
congratulations buddy laughing how the
pink its color how you say like Helen
underscore love 100 score ping that's
your name
by the way I am aware I said I just love
pink for the love of God that is not how
colorblindness works
I can see pink I am NOT pink color blind
okay nothing to buy like Victor I see
here dude
no so I'm talking about my voices you
want to get up or rice us in let's go
ahead Sabo good morning Georgie yo yo I
know my man here is eating a Gainesville
this guy yo yo you guys enjoying those
Gainesville's
Gainesville I should get I should get
Commission's are you from Montana yeah
and you drove two hours to get a
Gainesville no other gains moles are
becoming like this holy object that's
the friendship goes friendship goes you
remember Conor McGregor yeah yeah can
you do your best Conor McGregor
impression great yo I said the same
thing I said the same thing wrote a girl
you have to touch everybody in his posse
he's the man you could tell how much
swagger he had just walking around he
kept flexing up I didn't want to talk to
guys I thought it was gonna jab me in
the face oh I couldn't tell if he's just
a swag man or he's just like trying to
pick fights with people you're a beast
you're a savage you're a good man it's
time to eat some food
yo are you gonna eat that last Easter
bacon
yeah
so you are gonna eat askew George ink or
just walked into the kitchen to get
himself some water because the server
wasn't ringing in water I love this man
I love this man he's getting kicked out
of the kitchen I love this man where's
the water
you get water like the reason you went
over there oh my god yo so we just
finished eating my boy George told our
waitress that she looks like a porn star
here's the factor I'm usually not like
rude and stuff I don't miss George off
because this is what happened because
just want to let you know on YouTube I
watch these guys 21 and she can see this
she'll think her dad's yeah she's trying
to smash though what George was saying
the long story short no water no water
no silver no silverware I actually went
into the kitchen to get my water so then
he told her she looks like a porn star
look at this guy it was like Mila Kunis
oh are you a porcelain she goes why
would you ask that my kitchen we eat
there every day she's been our waitress
before I guarantee it I'm gonna have
Forks on my mark
come out here and watch the sunset with
me bro your last la sunset it's gonna be
sad I might cry but not because I can
see the colors because because you leave
him made this sting inside jokes in
Vegas when I wasn't there something
about this deep laugh that left and I
wasn't there I'm salty like every time
he does he doesn't like not his floor
heart because he knows he doesn't know
what he's doing I don't know what the
skin joke is I wasn't there and I'm
pissed
come on guys I'm part of the squad I am
easy George
easy bro come on JEE JEE yo yo yo you
taking this way too far and like the
whole shot was out of focus so I don't
even know if it's worth it for the vlog
or now it's a focus easy yo yo yo yo
you piece
ah oh you guys hungry
I know a good restaurant uh voice for
ghio this don't need a pull the plug on
this joke
Apple deploy wait yo on that note that
reminds me have you seen can't see the
stuff I really wish I didn't do
hey over the other day she's like oh
it's kind of weird you look at me every
day oh yeah how about this what you
think about that mark what about the
naked photo of you in our hallway M I
guess this is a good time doing that in
yesterday's video a lot of people like
happen to see a portrait of myself on
the wall okay so we're here I knew
there'd be a time in my vlog life where
I would have to explain this picture
since you guys basically like see what
I'm doing every day it's hard to avoid
like you know what my house looks like
you know so much about me
probably more than I know about myself
I'm a judge I'm a choch I need you guys
to know that before I show you this
because you're gonna be like killed
Logan just so cocky you such a douchebag
like no like I'm a cha-cha I'm not
hiding that oh he's gonna tell yo he
hates you cuz what did you do did you
try fingers ball when he was sleeping
something between me and that guy I
check it out check it out oh boy oh yeah
about this photo yeah when you took it
Brenden bones mom was there oh my god
like he was watching you naked yes she
was yeah so let me I can explain so I
took this when I was 19 and I when I
first moved to LA like the first two
weeks that I was there I came with the
savage mindset y'all know me I came with
that lion mentality rah and I said you
know what I'm gonna come to LA I'm gonna
grind and I'm gonna the work and I
wanted to do that and I have been doing
that and this picture was the perfect
representation of that as you can see
here's me butt ass naked from the world
I'm a weird kid but you guys already
know that if you're low gang you this is
no surprise to you what are you doing
mark easy this is why he hates you bro
he's gonna be the only person in this
house is happy that you're leaving hey
by the way you know I know you're
scheming cuz I know you're scheming look
at what oh my god has gotten worse what
the have you been doing maverick
commands building a nest how big does
your nest need to be my Jean no I'm just
gonna put that back down and deal with
it later you on the other hand maverick
you're a naughty little parrot no bro
movin out you're making me sad more damn
bro you're gonna make me cry i'ma hug
you later but we just go hook right now
boy smokes kimball out ah he's humping
me bro easy man
I just say one thing what do you gotta
say look mark you've been a dope
roommate yeah I've been a mess till your
roommate your memory that's more before
Danielle marks are you just doing
there's there's a pimple on your lip so
why whoa easy on the wall
okay yo my head they just broke mark you
notice Oh bro push it mama boy shirt
really off can do that cuz I hate it I
think that might be the last time wait
what is that
oh I'll jokes aside bro ah oh man that
hurt then what really I'm savage oh yeah
bro there right there it looks like a
crater yo have you seen this have you
seen this bear posted on Instagram by
the TSA like it's been 2 1/2 minute
Christmas parties right it taught us the
agency says the man was a popular
YouTube yo so this is my brother my
brother Jake Paul recently made a vlog
where he tried to get this like 8 foot
uh teddy bear onto a plane my mom called
me she's like yo it made like national
and news apparently this is like
everywhere it's a big deal he and the
airline determined it was just too large
the airline were funded the Bears taken
another yo he bought a ticket for the
bear and they still wouldn't let the
bear on the plane this is the saddest
picture of 2016 there the most
dick Heelys people in the world they
won't let me take Brodie on the plane
literally just fought for 15 minutes
they won't let us take it it's
ridiculous bro they didn't let Brody the
bear fly what happened cuz try to think
about the plane right yeah and they're
like no he can't fly he's too big he
might have explosives in him all making
up all this but you bought him a ticket
right as if he was a passenger I bought
my ticket as if he was a passenger and
online I'm Delta it says that you could
fly with the teddy bear he's a little
bigger than a teddy bear yeah yeah dude
I read the comments on the T essays
Instagram post of Brody and it's all ago
skew let Brody fly even you counted you
come and did let Brody fly and then I
did too cuz I want to support my brother
Isis Todd was the funniest thing mom
called me told me made national news I'm
like yo this is incredible it was a good
one on Good Morning America yo what are
you doing
yo bro
one other thing in the in the video and
all the articles they call you a YouTube
star bro at what point are you gonna be
called the Disney star you have your own
Disney show line star I would understand
what you to start
dunk your you're a Disney star kid now
I've heard it all just what happened to
be heard it all today I heard mine today
too
Disney everything yo I think mark is
leaving but I got to think about him
because I love him and I love you but I
love you and I'll fuck you soon I love
you too
peace on me by not wrong is it cuz cars
here what are we gonna see each other
bro it's probably Sunnah back in a while
back and I had up girl and I see girls
all wrong weirdos in the building now
young girls with George bro that's my
boy easy
yo why we got any jokes about everything
bro my life is Bulls just goodbye mark
that's my boy back from the gym got bad
news for you dog mark left what mark is
gone nothing by ya do why does everybody
do this
are you are you salty did he text you
goodbye I'm gonna go poop in his father
and mother that's my boy and not
flushing Oh back for like three weeks
Oh George you Savage oh okay so some
time has passed George and I have a
little movie date a little bit I have
been straight grinding away at the
computers guys and not liked working on
them I haven't had not been like talking
about them like that I've been working
on making tomorrow's video the best
video ever son log 100 dude like let's
go son ah it's tough cuz there's a lot
of moving pieces in it and just like
time-consuming stuff listen don't stress
out about it okay I got this someone
makes them golden content for you guys
no gang for life cuz in other news this
candle is really just stuck right now yo
oh oh what okay uh I'm gonna get this
wax off wait a second back some fucked
up
oh god my hands are all waxy now okay oh
I can't believe that that at one point
in my life I had to do something like
this this is this is crazy
dah there we go wax on wax off bitch
honestly though this is oddly like
satisfied look at this dude like this is
actually a cool thing I'm look you learn
so new every day
honestly that gave me more pleasure than
some of the times I've had sex
just kidding I've never had sex I'm a
virgin just like Marc I'm afraid you did
but I'll hide a woman one day right to
care for me and love me and make her my
own and what they're doing with the
camera then finally this bad boy i DM
Helen loves pink on Instagram she said
the following oh my gosh dude you do not
know how much you just screamed you just
made my day
hekia Helen I got you girl okay so she
asked me to sign this I'm going to
accept I'm gonna go ahead and put
like a customized message on here
signing this helmet bro are you mad or
what yeah bro Ellen loves pink one
oh she won yeah bro have you heard yeah
two paddling well he's trying so hard to
write nice
yeah no this is tough bro with love I
spelled love like a cool millennial
Logan Paul oh wait yes I love pink to to
Helen with love Logan Paul PS I love
pink - okay there you go Helen I'm gonna
send this off in the next two days so
again congratulations
I love pink just like you that is it for
today's vlog I love you guys thank you
for watching
oh okay uh-huh if you guys will excuse
me I have some business to take care of
it's subscribed if you were not a part
of the Logan cuz we're lit son
it's you bitch hey me bro returning your
home so I can make the cut
