hey guys it's me Logan I know what
you're thinking aren't you Logan you're
in Paris right no I am out in California
I was in Paris earlier today with Hannah
some crazy stuff went down so I want you
to sit back relax and enjoy this story
that's started at about 3:21 in the
middle of a club in France
update for 54m are you feeling cuz oh yo
everybody that's my boy I'm not even
gonna let him respond that's how good he
really we have a lot of things to do too
tonight now we accept the dance brothers
I'm 48
AM us pasta I know what you're taking
Tokyo 2020 is happening I promise early
though in Paris I don't I don't think I
have a choice trust me it's happening I
promised the low game the point is we're
staying static yeah he's gonna hate me
cuz I'm interrupting his conversation
but I'm with the gang of your best
memories of five minutes already going
to the top of the Eiffel Tower
okay yeah hang on French television and
meeting my bow meeting my voice should
tell a local time wait for oh there it
is 7:10 a.m. how do you feel cuz a
little bit tired but all night you're
all night it doesn't end rise not and
and you blessed of you live and you no
need to say anything got it yo airport
in one hour
let's go 8:05 a yeah we don't sleep this
is the fact we were packing right now to
go to the airport we still have not said
yet and we don't plan on it are we tired
no it's go time
Ewa needs to take one thing before he
leaves he yo you got this you got this
my boy put it in the bag so get it pack
that bag heaven come on yo there it is
there it is
so the longer you wait the more my acne
flares up we got to go yo say goodbye to
me say it like a man yeah well little
manly look to my bro hi goodbyes getting
Ryan due south Savage days we sign
everyone it was a pleasure you love this
man I love you back to be something I
didn't get to say goodbye to hate in the
British the British gays God but hate me
I love you
oh so yo some low gangsters a these guys
are savages yo dude what look at ha
punky you're 10
I wanna mom to make it all better
boom arrived at the airport are you
starting to feel tired I'm not the past
yo it is it's slowly hitting us it's
happening right now maybe you get in the
bag right now or what what are you
thinking my neck still sore okay okay
not happening not happening but why does
my man look like an absolute savage yo
this man is about to close a
million-dollar deal right now
Evan does a bird go home bird you're
drunk no you're not supposed to be in
this Airport maverick is that you go
home bird you're drunk and fifty am how
do you feel dog wide-awake really yo cuz
I'm about to crash cuz okay I just
wanted to sound cool on a hot day crash
juggling right now god help us give me a
flower for my my ear apparently wow this
is amazing
oh look like ass right now but at least
I got this flower to make me beautiful a
beautiful
there's 11 a.m. and I have a 12-hour
flight ahead of me I'm going from seal I
will see you guys in a little bit when
I'm back in Los Angeles here we go
oh Jesus we're back in Hollywood bro
I'm falling how do you feel I'm fucking
Balaji sorry lady what the fuck it is
4:52 p.m. los angeles time meaning it is
2:00 a.m. Paris time ah yeah we are
we're savages though and guess what
we're about to do tell them tell them
but cool this Demonica lifting weights
cut please wear my skin boys is that my
boy my boy it's been eleven hundred
years no exaggeration it's good to see
what it's good to see you back that's my
one minute you're vlogging a Monday no
bro but now he's black and white Holly I
have missed you Hollywood on the back we
bought to like katana Shh one of the
first things I noticed mark you replace
the cover on the love sack bro you're
gonna say the trees gone
oh well that's y'all damn it yo so the
tree is gone and you replace this cut
look at this fur bro oh you oh no stop
don't say that don't do not say that
Peter will come after me he goes for the
decanter ball he's stretching his feet
he's running and take off Oh
oh snap brother hey yo Evan you're my
boy but you look cute right now bro and
let us not forget yeah that's my boy
dude you look like a straight Frenchman
Belushi what I gotta say one thing I did
miss with these Los Angeles skies look
at that guy just look at Mark give me a
second I just I got I wish this damn
building was the here ah here we go
what'd you do oh you oh you have one Oh
my gosh Brody's building links pre
building wait I have more you do yo oh
it so beautiful oh my gosh dude remember
these days
musta been nice maverick hi buddy
hi I'm back come on stepping my finger
and show me love okay
oh oh what's the deal cuz you my friend
or not oh okay I guess I'll talk to you
later
yo my salt level is max right now why is
maverick being a little ChaCha
haha you know what I'm gonna forget
about it open the door for my boy and
take out my frustrations by hitting the
gym this is where we fight
Oh
I wanna be
you
whoa we just got war oh hey yo so wait
George
hey hey gee do you really messed up Evan
Marcus still cheer haven't you go G oh
whoa
how far can you take a joke find out on
today's episode of how far can George
and Evan take a joke and up how many bad
jokes can Logan make yo real talk bout G
it is it is good to see you bro
Ben yo you guys know this it's been 100
years since I've seen George since I've
seen mark Mac is back as a whole the
whole squad is united we got that kid
over there I still don't know exactly
who he is but I hopefully find out in
the next coming days one to ten how
comfortable is the new loveSac for 11
yes wasn't even on the scale mama is
drinking his protein shake because we
got so got milk son you know how you
been though good yo what the fuck why
I'm gonna kill you bro I believe her out
what would you do I didn't do anything
it's just you got something right there
boom okay I am here in my bathroom which
is a good thing you know hashtag blessed
I feel like I haven't showered in ages
I'm a dirty mess bro I'm a dirty dog I
did it sleaze in the club I'm rolling
out that broccoli that way there I don't
know it's just it's a song I'm about to
get in that shower and get cleaned off
it's gonna oh hey maverick how you doing
buddy and I know it is gonna feel so
good dude so good okay so yeah let's do
this
oh that nipple transition though yo I'm
clean
I'm totally clean what did it feel good
what I'm being clean I'm gonna we got
work to do what I'm clean
okay you're right now we got work to do
then by work I mean
cock ting that heat for the internet we
are all in my room right now and we are
writing down ideas these are all the
ideas we have for videos I can't show
you too much you know they're gonna go
viral bro yo god no we make you yo ha ha
ha ha
do the thing with the hands ruff do they
hate and on that note that is the day
thank you guys for watching as usually
go I'm doing this thing bro if you turn
on my notifications and then comment
done or like yo I did it or I don't know
how to stay low game for life basically
let me know that the notifications have
been turned on I'm going to give the
shout outs bro
cut out notifications shut outs yeah so
today's notification shout-out goes to a
man by David guy po from Indiana
actually don't know if he's from Indiana
I just made that up but David guy Poole
thank you for having you notifications
not for me bro if you don't know how to
do it uh you it's the bell next to this
on the subscribe button it's right there
you see it just oh yeah go ahead and
click it do it thank you Shia I love you
guys it's crazy how in one day we can
travel from literates for the Europe to
United States of America across the
whole world and you guys got to do it
with me for kid home across the world
bro technology I will see y'all tomorrow
take it easy peace
no is this friendship or this weird
