good so I guess I should start today's
vlog with the title of this video I
rushed through the BAM this is not
clickbait I did that I wrestled a bear
he knows a bear you're colorblind we're
deciding I thought oh my god a big dog
oh my god you're so right it was
definitely there yeah it was 100% a bear
800-pound Kodiak bear now you did not
know all this I I wrestled in high
school I placed fifth in the state of
Ohio only thing was I was in the 182
pound weight class not the 800-pound
bear we got mark did you just call me a
paw I thought your place fit and stay no
no no we we my man they are so broken I
have never seen a more broken pair of
glasses in my life this is the expensive
part you know like a baby like it's
gonna be a little bit different today
like the style of the whole hog itself
and I guess that's a great way to start
it with with a broken pair of $430
blackjack starting with something broken
first was this camera Oh smart then the
glasses are we gonna break tomorrow
George
sucks anyways back to the bear hubbub
I actually wrestled a bear I did not do
this yesterday I am NOT doing this today
I did this about four months ago
shooting a show of mine called Logan
Paul versus
little fun fact we shot this before we
both started vlogging so our vlogging
skills probably sucked a safari I had no
idea yeah I do remember the trip there
and Logan was driving 3,000 miles per
hour
yeah I'm a speed demon do you remember
when I wrestled the bear a while back
yeah he never really supported me
wrestling this bear he always thought it
was danger which it is it is but what no
way my boy I'm a fucking savage guys I
guess this is a good time to address
this
I always make jokes like oh I'm a savage
blah blah blah and I am it's true
however but when I went to wrestle this
bear I had never been yo shut the fuck
up man when I went to wrestle this bear
I have never been so scared in my life
I don't really get scared of things in
life I have one fear in my life in that
scary movies I cannot watch them I leave
the theater no and even for the show
that we were shooting Logan Paul versus
in general I did all sorts of crazy dumb
scary thing I survived 48 hours on an
island Navy SEAL death camps ballet not
so scary but scary to me the tights
really bring out my so I thought going
into Bear I would be fine man just
another walk in the park my god I was so
wrong despite all my wrestling medals
when this 800-pound creature looked me
in the eyes for the first time I have
never been so scared in my life
it's partially my fault because I spent
the whole day before I wrestled the bear
watching videos like this with two cubs
come at me from about 80 yards pieces of
stuff hanging out
whole day the whole entire day who knew
there were so many videos out there of
humans getting mauled by bears we
thought that instead of just going right
into wrestling the bear we do some
warm-up exercises first one man does not
simply just wrestle the bear he needs
training he needs practice but how does
one do that how does one train to
wrestle a bear easy first your boy has
to learn how to eat like a bear I have
to eat these fish these these worms this
is horrible bears don't eat a bear just
eats one worm nope three actually
thousands high-protein people shouldn't
eat worms ever but I did it so I could
get into the mindset of the bear if you
want to beat the bear you have to become
the bear now we also figured it'd be
dumb to just throw me into the ring with
a bear so we got the next best thing
ladies and gentlemen let me tell you
about a 600-pound sumo wrestler named
Yama I couldn't find an actual bear it's
a train with so the next best thing
Yama yeah now I got to say that
experience helped me prepare for the
bear 0% numbers beast beast but I do
want to give a shout out to my man Yama
for letting me taste his packs
uh-uh I do gotta say though that's
actually pretty cool that I got to do
that that's something you only get to do
if you're a sumo wrestler or training to
wrestle a bear which is the category I
fell under shop still way under prepared
still lacking knowledge about the danger
of bears that fall I decided it was time
to shoot up baby can we just get a pan
of the outfit
maybe we blurred the deck or maybe not
rest little bear so I'm in my sexy
wrestling singlet my private parts are
blurred out I'm ready to go hey Mark
before you go just wait one second here
hey good to see you buddy here going
real quick one thing Ivan your glasses
oh I don't know mark some asshole broke
them this morning you know he was you
more anyways I'm ready to go and I look
around and I get my first glimpse of the
contender so I see this thing and I'm
like a dog in something you you
definitely do not know about bears their
claws they can grip like fingers like
each individual digit can grip it's not
just like this they grab your god again
I found this out that day and do not
forget in my mind I'm panicking cuz I've
seen the videos even trained bears
attack humans
haha and not to mention the day before I
go to go wrestle the bear the bear
expert and I were talking he's like yeah
my cousin he trains bears too oh but
he's dead he had his bear killed him
what would you say I said it my cousin
he died he's passed away his bear
attacked them yeah but the bit like uh
like the trained bear attacked them is
trained at the end of the day they're
still animals you know they do what they
do what they want
I'm sorry bro what did you just say yo
cause man I'm freaking out at this point
I went from thinking that I would do
this to the bear
to realizing this is what this fight
would end up looking like yep that's my
brother getting demolished in a
wrestling match sorry Jake I love you
it's go time they put me face to face
with this bear and before I show you
this mind you the trainer is screaming
at the bike the trainer is screaming at
his own bear and I'm just like yo if
you're if you're screaming you're
nervous right now imagine what I'm
thinking
thanks babe no no no and then kids the
moment that I was dreading for four
hours and finally coming oh it was time
to wrestle disco the height of an animal
and until you have gone toe to toe
locked arms with the bear
you won't understand how strong these
things are how could you why would you
have gone toe-to-toe with a bear before
you wouldn't have cuz people don't do
that but I did it cuz I'm an idiot what
you're about to see is Logan Paul
wrestling a bear so without further ado
enjoy wrestled the bear and despite
having crossed wrestling a bear off of
my bucket list
I was I was happy that I conquered my
fear of wrestling a bear ha ha ha what
if you want to see and you should want
to see cuz the frickin risk my life for
it the full video of me wrestling the
bear the link will be will be in the
description below it's on a platform
called watchable calm it's free you know
there are no tricks you just gotta go
there to watch it oh can Paul vs. bear
cuz inclusion go watch it the link like
I said is in the description on that
note ah that is it for today's vlog oh
there's a good one I liked how it was
like a little different than normal vlog
style yeah oh did I did I just say my
own vlog was good I just did I just say
that I think I did oh that is it for the
vlog today my people my love I love
y'all go check out loving paws vs. bear
I will see y'all tomorrow do not forget
to subscribe if you are not a part of
the Logan we are soul it it's
unbelievable
fucking Litton it's level max take it
easy
