heyyo good morning low gang what's
poppin so this vlog is picking up
literally right where the last one left
off we me Evan manager Jeff and Paolo or
where are they they're over there
somewhere I promise are here in Paris
Latrese you're putting on blue fron sake
and we are going to rehearsal the reason
why I'm here is because I'm on France's
first ever Saturday Night Live so
currently we are all gonna pack in this
car and go to rehearsal hey y'all
looking sexy out I'm coming to do it
baby
SNL this is Evans first time out of the
cut out of the United States and its
first that dude Paris is amazing what's
the one thing you want to do in Paris
the Mona Lisa baby you want to do the
Mona Lisa yeah Evan that's illegal gene
wait what what I don't know you guys
just heard he said what Jerry my man I
mean I'm down though ami so Paris is
beautiful but I cannot like these
windows don't go down so I think I'm
gonna move to the front seat I'm doing
it oh I'm in love oh yeah it's the move
boy watch very carefully that's a window
that goes down oh I'm convinced I'm
gonna make France hate Americans more
than they already do I'm sorry fellow
Americans Bob would be really good on
the show tonight I promise
all right we're here let's do this you
always this is this the set up here oh
snap this is actually kind of a test oh
snap oh is it see welcome to Paris Jesus
oh this is sick this is like it's like a
ballroom I don't know what it's for like
how it's gonna be set up but damn I
guess actually that was dumb do you know
what it's for that's the reason I'm here
we're wondering why we're doing Saturday
live on Thursday apparently it's a bad
day yeah yeah it's a we'll stay for the
worst day so we're doing it on a
Saturday Night Live on a Thursday yeah
okay this nice lady is miking me up
right now is your time I love you oh my
god she knows this is where I'm gonna
say gonna take this way okay I'm gonna
be on stage already God's hosting this
what is the difference between a vlog
and the blog so I'm yo vlog is V vlog is
B 1 is video I am so shortly this is
going to be filled with people I think
during the next rehearsal there are
actually gonna be people here we do two
rehearsals and then the live show
tonight I think it literally might be
impossible for me to forget my lines
check this out we got one teleprompter
to teleprompters three teleprompters and
four teleprompters you're moving us yeah
we're gonna go um do a pretty stage
zigzagging stage for the huge parties
Hey okay great great that's me
this stage is actually dope
boom
yo Evan admit I slayed bro killed it
killed it bro
next up since I don't think we did this
yet I know we didn't do it we're gonna
shower and maybe get some sleep ha ha ha
I'm just kidding bro who looks need
sleep and then I think we are coming
back here later cuz we have another
rehearsal in a bit so many frickin
rehearsals on me freaking a husband so
many freaking rehearsal we're back at
the hotel I've been here oh I don't know
an hour and these guys already found out
where I was staying
yo what how did you find out where I was
actually no no nothing doesn't she got
me a gift what did you get me bigoted
uber it's a French hat yo I'm gonna be
the most Frenchman Emma where you write
will have ooh coucher avec moi my French
people is your temple coupe I gotta
admit you're jealous of my hat yo I
don't need you so sad
you making me sad of it I hope it's good
Oh looks like we're splitting a bed ha
ha ha yo this is gonna be wet rock your
way what did you do that again no remote
control toilets oh yo you didn't feel
too much this is the future technology I
got to tell you guys the technology in
this country has blown me away
technology in America they have on/off
switches here they just have switches
amazing technology ok yeah there's a lot
of people here we are walking into
rehearsal number
and there are a lot of people oh my
goodness oh good pretty good right boom
boom boom boom oh there's my knife why
is it so small though is it it's so
small
that's cuz it's tiny problem we got a
request a bigger name of the jet lag and
lack of sleep is hitting me right now
I'm hurting inside we have six hours
until the show and this like there are
so many people here just working and
grinding because it's live so there are
no mistakes that would be a shame if an
American boy came on the show and ruined
everything so many sexy wigs but which
wig will look best on Logan yo easy
can't do it he's betting she's betting
dude okay yo yo she loves her wigs bro
she she pets the wig sick so no wow
what's up haha baggers I'm just like why
would I wear a wig when I already got
the flow bro ah oh yeah yo this girl
again she's hooking me up shit in French
and I was gonna say
Hey
boom okay second rehearsal down now on
the way back to the hotel though we're
here at the hotel
and yogurt there's some fans outside
they've been here longer than I've been
here yo let's go say what's up hi how
are you good bye good bye
okay we left Evan here so he could get
some sleep so let's see if he's still
sleeping that's my boy that's my boy
straight snoozin row yeah so Ivan
actually inspired me yo you can barely
see you but I'm gonna go to take a nap
right now we have about two hours before
we have to leave before the actual live
show tonight
so yeah your boys gonna snooze I will
see you guys in a little bit
hello did that work hi how are you
okay I'm well rested how do you feel
what I did is sit in bed that's what I
like to hear
bro I probably didn't need a vlog coming
back here and then just going back but
yeah we did it so it's too bad let's go
so I'm walking down the yo happy what
are you doing bro why weed because why
you just like to fit in small spaces bro
oh cool it is cold it's cold
oh okay back where we were earlier and
yes still looking official ass first god
is alive on Instagram and this man is
reporting him live on Facebook yo no I
know this vlog life I don't know if I'd
know this live life you're live
everywhere right now we're gonna put
makeup on my face to cover all my
pimples although peoples are awesome
right
okay mate the show has started God is
out there killing it I'm gonna go out
there give you guys a little
behind-the-scenes look
okay I think it is almost time okay so
news the others I'm not on face now when
I go out there bright live on TV well
I'm on Facebook
apparently I do know this live life bro
Oh
Oh
now a pony fell here this is Facebook
Facebook live
France America China London tuning among
football
after doing for a Santa Claus
Oh
yo did I watch your back
how was it it felt good y'all Malik did
you watch my thing and what something
your yo this guy's hilarious
yeah pop look I'm Paul that's up but the
most famous in France really really do
the back damn it
undress my boy I think I did don't lie
oh you killed it a mate really really oh
tonight I dad wait okay I don't know if
I'm allowed to be up here but I figure
it's a good way to end the vlog thank
you guys for watching as usual I love
you subscribe if you're not subscribed
doing the low gang Linda's level is
maximum in the low gate like I'm talking
here hey I'm in Paris two more days so
it's gonna get rowdy needless to say I
will see you guys tomorrow
I love you tech guru ji
it's you bitch yo oven you want a
marshmallow you hungry bro hey
