ah yeah easier gum no get you have to
get about you have to get in eat it oh
boy oh no no oh my god ah good morning
low gang with uh here's the thing about
what's happening right now it is
currently seven in the morning 7 a.m.
waking up in the morning I'm freakin
exhausted bro and why why am i exhausted
cuz your boy went to bed one hour two
hours ago and got one hour of sleep yeah
yeah it was Friday night decided to go
out and apparently stay out and yeah
literally one hour sleep anyways uh what
is happening right now - um yo I'm
flying to New York that's why I'm so
early oh he's flying to New York City I
have an epic epic amazing collab with an
amazing human being this weekend that's
gonna be uh tomorrow it'll be the vlog
on Monday one of my favorite people on
planet Earth don't get excited son as
I'm excited son anyways I'm gonna say
goodbye to my boy maverick parrot cuz I
won't be seeing him for two days when
I'm in New York so let's
that cool I don't know I just ran from
like there to like that hi what's up oh
yeah I know
I'm leaving you I got stuff to do in New
York I know I'll be back I don't need a
freak out about it
okay I'll be back soon I love you okay
I'm gonna kiss so it's go time I have
way too much energy right now I am
waiting on one person where is he yeah
that's my boy coming up the stairs sick
like a freaking Goblin you sound sick
ass little boy replay yo okay so don't
forget they shut down the streets
because there's a star what a big Star
Wars premiere going down down there I
actually have no idea how did our driver
get down here since there's no other
cars on the shit's weird anyways let's
do it sup G how did you get here are the
roads blocked go back oh okay okay I
don't know what the just said oh boy
it's a foggy one in Los Angeles
hot damn bro why is it so fucking
remember when I was younger it would get
like super super foggy outside and one
time I could have sought in spongebob I
thought you could literally go outside
and like carve the fog with a knife
oh that was scooby-doo scooby-doo not
spongebob Logan no your cartoon get out
of here you stupid dumb animal
yeah that's great yeah you do that bro
you get all the girls I move all the
girls who do do that yeah where they
love it bro I would love to see the guy
who face scooby-doo in the moon just
like where are you oh oh god we made it
to the airport mama Mia Marc Marc
oh hey hey Marc okay okay finding good
food in the airport is one of the
hardest things in my life and this one
has nothing bro yo you want to eat at
the duty-free let's see the duty-free to
that duty-free bro freakin deep-throated
toothbrush before I eat a duty-free but
who can resist this
like shit
oh my god sort of sad I'm literally
gonna have to inhale this burrito
because the plane is boarding right now
demolish come on mark
I will be coming round without you okay
don't go that fast but alright well they
split us up
I'm 70 I'm 10 e cuz what are we gonna do
I don't know but they split us up they
don't want to didn't want us to be
friends hey T my girl that she's a girl
who booked our flights guys why Katie I
know she's watching why I know you watch
my vlogs I know you know mark and I are
friends like zoinks key so I can as long
as my plane has Wi-Fi I'll be oak oh
thank god I see what they did there it's
like it's like Wi-Fi but Wi-Fi comedy
this is the last desperate walk before I
get split up from my boy there's gonna
be a sad flight man bye mark I love you
i'ma continue on palm I see I'm a little
upset that I'm split up from Mark and
guess what guys it's the I it's the
middle seat yes G Janet I slept for one
hour thinking I would be able to sleep
this whole flight these are the text
books that I'm currently sending Katie
probably gonna have to blur half of that
because it's a lot of swearing this is
the only
eh I see myself getting through this
flight
I wish me luck
what does doobie
Oh Mars mark but mark went to the bath
mark mark
hey mark my radius pop Louise the beat
ya like what you see pretty dope my ears
still pops it's been ten minutes if I
got the play and it's just we might
become an actual issue because happening
once and they had to duck out a piece of
earwax like this Big Brother's most
relieving feeling in the world what
disgust don't step on in here let's get
in the car if you moments later
shit I am this close to cutting my
genital Oggy
it's close to cutting my genitalia off
we have been in the car for way too long
how long live it in car mark I already
have I want to have to sitting in this
taxi ah and until this moment I actually
just tweeted this at Logan Paul
shameless plug I didn't realize until
this moment there just sitting in
traffic in a car not moving makes me
hungry less seconds later what's up guys
hey Mark mark I think they like you bro
like you my girl and I'll teach him a
lesson don't look down at your phones
all the time Jesus you're missing out on
opportunities to see two handsome boys
more that is that is a fact when T
minutes lay down yo look at that
building guy what one eternity later yo
I cannot be in this cabinet longer no
friends to you in the front seat my man
you seem like a good guy but get me out
of here cut oh wait oh okay we're about
0.7 miles away and we just decided to
walk like this traffic is unbearable
right now it's so cold guy you think me
being from Ohio I'd be able to handle
this man no bro it is so cold here
everyone is so bundled up I did not
prepare for this how's your ear by the
way it's a success I got all this out
it's not yet back yo
I will say New York is definitely more
Christmassy than LA this is beautiful
yo this is amazing Road New York is
beautiful tell me that's not the most
beautiful Christmas tree you've ever
seen brother oh my fingers feel like
they're about to fall off but I'll never
put my camera down and never stop
vlogging everyone knows this blog line
you wouldn't know this hold life we we
have no idea about this cold life look
mark I'm squirts here left I see a
Holmes judge we got it we did it son
yeah boom boom boom
thoughtful mobile after a long obnoxious
day of travel mark and I are pretty
hungry so the first thing we're gonna do
in New York is get some food is this
traffic cone look like a chimney that's
a weird thing how's it happening if
you're ever really wet you pop into the
Superdry store they fix you right up - I
got the dopest punch ha ha ha
comedy mark dropkick Dominion beat it up
oh I thought you're gonna do it brother
check this out I had like the perfect
amount of like stubble on my face where
like my hoodie holds itself this is
actually surprisingly keeping me warm
thank God I went through puberty and I
got facial hair oh my god these are the
biggest balls I've ever seen in my life
that's what she said yeah and I don't
just dish I'll compliment like that I've
seen some big balls in my life mark is
my roommate yeah
Oh bro this place is gonna be packed
we ain't eatin steak tonight boy we
never meet no way probably better get a
pretzel from one of the stands over
there ah we got to put it anywhere
please my back sting yeah we're being
seated next to the men's restroom yeah
never in my life will I go vegan I'm
gonna smash this meal and then we're
gonna catch up with you in a bit because
this requires my full 100% devoted
attention we'll see you in a second whoa
okay so we are back and my meal somehow
turned into an iPad doing some work on
the iPad we just got the bell marked you
want to put it down here I've made a
huge mistake bigs got 140 that's
probably where we went wrong this is the
last my mind money cuz rest in peace
vine ah yo my gum now get you have to
get about you have to get in eat it oh
boy oh no no oh my god I'm disgusted and
have so much respect for you at the same
time damn it's 10:00 p.m. the night is
coming to a close with a vlog anyways
hahaha yet the time yeah it's our
Saturday night in New York so we're
gonna go over my friend Alex's house to
get some Wi-Fi I got all Wi-Fi yo yo
where's my boy where's my boy are you
thinking please very simple yo my boy
got a coat rack what we have ro look it
was me last ring wood straight wood dude
you don't see these anymore
oh my brand-new coat my brand-new coat
sorry bro
I'm I'm offended that guys can we just
freeze frame can you step back so people
can see the full coat right right it's
just like really up and down just like
really give it the detail there needs
like really the detail the legs raggy
you wouldn't get the is an inside joke
yo you guys thank you for watching I
love used it for the vlog today is done
tomorrow as long it's gonna be poppin
son if you're not subscribed hit that
button
and I hit the thumbs up dog let's get
this video with some lifes cut what what
as a new capable house what I said okay
for the my house ok yeah do it yo that's
my boy we in New York it's gonna get
hype I love y'all I will see you
tomorrow
take
that's you bitch and I didn't realize
until the oh I was sure she was really
hot she's thought oh god she had a
boyfriend I was bad of me sorry guys
