put my special guest is here hey come
here bro daddy
what bro what good morning lo gang
yo so uh well hi how are you I'm about
to start the day right with a little gym
workout but let me tell you something
this healthy lifestyle of mainly just
the diet is killing me bro it's killing
me it's hard man
odd just because not eating as much I
don't have as much energy this happened
last night it's like 2:00 a.m. right now
I'm so hungry bro I'm so hungry FRA the
old Duggan would have went upstairs
right now eating just a big ol bowl of
cereal or waffles man beef a new Logan
new healthy lifestyle Logan not gonna do
it a bit of promise you guys I'm not
gonna do it but no I'm struggling like
before I turn the camera on I was like
uh I knew this was gonna happen I know
this was gonna happen guys the way I see
it this is like withdrawal draw with the
withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal
withdrawal fuck you know when drug
people do a lot of drugs and then they
don't do the drugs and they like sweat
and shake and stuff and it's they go
through withdrawal ah yeah that's me I
think right now like I've eaten so much
unhealthy food and that's like for the
past like a year just constantly eating
unhealthy carb loading and all of a
sudden not doing that these first seven
days are gonna be a bitch but I will do
it I could do it I promise the longer
item going back to sleep future Logan
you got it thank you past hungry Logan I
will take it from here good news is I
woke up and I got an apple mmm
this Apple is my saving grace right now
hit some energy gonna go to the gym
gonna run around Hollywood get some
errands done and then I have one of my
best friends coming tonight you guys
probably already know who it is he's one
of my best friends one of my best
friends and so it's gonna get a real
turn real lit tonight but for now
Gogi swore today is like day for me I
because if I'm going to qualify for the
2020 Olympics I'm gonna need some strong
big old thunder thighs actually you know
what I think the Apple was a good idea
because clearly I'm feeling it right now
this is where we fight
whoo okay I got some good news bad news
and more good news
oh um okay the good news is that um I
finished my workout bad news yeah I feel
like ass bro like I'm hungry I'm out of
energy but the other good news is I'm
getting used to that like I'm getting
used to working out on an empty stomach
and like low energy like I said I think
I'm going through some sort of like carb
withdrawal withdrawal so I just got to
push through these first like I said
seven days probably and it's gonna be
hard but we're gonna do it if you're
struggling doing your new year's
resolution whatever it is just know I'm
struggling with you okay on that note
let's go upstairs get showered cleaned
off and you're ready to kick the day's
ass
hey I'm actually in the same spot that
it was I forgot I want to go say hi to
Johannes and tell him about my struggles
see if he has any advice you Hama Jana
Jana hey buddy
yo delicious Oh Oh what are you making
vegan games bro vegan game looks like
you had a great workout it was good but
I'm not gonna lie bro I'm struggling and
I need your advice okay here we go
I'm just out of energy like it's hard
for me to work out just cuz I had no
energy and I like what did you today not
a lot of carbs I feel like I'm going
through withdrawal is that possible like
I I'm gonna struggle yet yeah yeah the
thing is you need carbs because carbs
energy right good okay though um like a
chicken breast won't work no no look Oh
Shh what my man is right listen okay
people think rice equals fat right yeah
oh okay
don't take it right it does not equal
spat rice equals uhand a six-pack
rice your Honda's abs got it okay so
jumping ahead in time a little bit I
just got out of a meeting and I'm eating
now I got an omelet but I forgot to ask
for no cheese oh that's okay Jenna can't
be doing the dairy
can't be doing it you are the chosen
what it's the little things like these
that I have to I have to remember now I
cannot forget that come on look at how
that actually gonna hurt so I'm going to
the camera store right now to pick up
some stuff for my trip to Paris tomorrow
mainly just a couple of tripods no big
deal and then gonna grab a quick pair of
running shoes you gotta stay in shape
bro then back home gonna get a quick
haircut and then my friend arrives
hahaha and then it's gonna get lit he's
on me yeah I downed the omelet um I did
eat the cheese part of me hates myself
part of me says I was in a desperate
situation it was sad to do and just all
this and not join them okay tripod
tripod there we go oh my God look at all
these chop ah this one is the bueno
because of the compact size Lu cuz I
have blue eyes they're like kind of like
a hazel issue I don't know I'm getting
blue boom okay I got the blue now onto
the UH
sneaker store okay I am here so many
beautiful shoes but I'm gonna make this
quick because I have hairs that need
cutting so let's do this oh yeah oh yeah
the move rock these sexy puppies for an
optimum running experience all right
time to go get my hair cut okay I'm here
with my boy Nico you gonna make me look
sexy yo did I tell you why we're getting
my hair cut
well yo what's going on I'm going to
Paris tomorrow to be on France's first
ever Saturday Night Live no way that is
amazing
d we wanted a sexy outfit and everything
so all we need is a nice little trim and
then we're waiting on ya coconut head
over here but sexy coconut head you guys
remember that show Ned's Declassified
don't look at coconut head
did you see the resemblance okay no I
say okay we are back at the crib oh not
so much looking like coconut head
anymore but my special guest is here hey
come here bro Danny what bro what oh
yeah yo every deck in row take a dwarf
mama yo you guys have seen the videos we
made together my man and I only make
heat only only we also have my boy Mac
back from Hawaii
hey don't know who that girl is none of
that guy is but we got space
go yo you do you know what we're doing
tomorrow and are you excited do they
know what we're doing - I don't think
they know me demonstrate show them what
we're doing so I told you guys we're
going to Paris tomorrow evident are
going to Paris we are going to put him
in the luggage the suitcase and try to
ship in there as if he was luggage it's
cheaper it's cheaper it's economical or
saving money
yo how do you feel are you nervous no no
this is why I love Evan he's just he's
just a little nervous about risking his
life for a YouTube video but my boys
gonna do it my boys gonna do it
backtrack risking my life I mean hahaha
I'm joking I'm joking I think I don't
know is it is there any like real risk
does anyone has anyone seen you guys for
sure why why why do you likely die
why why why lightly lightly if it's like
me I can do it I'll take your chances
good boy that is it for today's vlog I
will see you tomorrow subscribe if
you're not subscribed you do not want to
miss this and also turn my post
notifications on so you can be one of
the first to see this savagery I think
you hit the bell will you ring the bell
next to the subscribe button right there
you kind of here subscribing then you
ring the bell do it thank you Shia dwarf
mama is here we will see you tomorrow
peace
