heyyo good morning Logan what's up so I
say good morning but it's 1:10 p.m. haha
I slept in a lot and I went to bed at
11:00 p.m. last night so that puts me at
15 hours of sleep yo I am so well-rested
right now I'm feeling good and I'm doing
this I'm trying to get as much sleep as
I can at the beginning of the year cuz I
know the rest of the year is gonna be
absolutely crazy like I'm not gonna have
time to breathe pretty much nobody I'm
going to Paris in like two days I will
tell you guys why later but if you're
it's big I'm also eating healthy oh my
god I'm also eating healthy now I've
changed my lifestyle and eating habits
y'all are gonna see me eating real clean
from now on for example right now for
breakfast I'm gonna do some oatmeal but
two packages cuz I'm not a little bit
huh
also we got a visitor or that same thing
yesterday bro you wore that same
yesterday's look no but this brother
it's a switcher bro I'm not gonna lie I
do this every single day I always wear
the same clothes so what's up to here
right now I have not cooked my oatmeal
but the first thing your harness does
when he comes over and sees me making it
is check the nutrition facts on bro you
don't want that no really why why
Sugar's 12 grams mmm one in one you have
to uh water's like 24 grams your goal in
three years 2020 2020 Olympics yeah so
what can't do it oh no no no just Bible
oh I think I actually have regular two
zero zero grams of sugar so I can eat
those tasteless oats sick gonna be
soaking awesome
the thing is these oats are just so much
less fun bro like they're just they
don't taste as good they're just they it
tastes like paper but such as the
sacrifice I have made let's go dog went
from extremely good tasting maple and
cinnamon sugar oats to just these bland
paper oats ah I wish someone would just
punch me the Fang oh my god ah good with
the first row where you asked for it how
is it looking just the way I look at it
is all about perspective right so tastes
like but in my mind it's delicious this
is one of the best meals I've ever had
I'm sitting here bro I just I wish
someone would just punch me in the face
oh my god you'll heart it let's go say
what's up to maverick and get the day
started
what yo is that hold up hold up is that
my boy where you going bro also why are
you not in your cage yo where are you
going cuz what are you doing great whoa
whoa whoa are you trying to attack me Oh
easy
what maverick what are you doing ah ah
come on come on yo we got beef I'm done
with this little bird today a few
moments later hey what's up guys it's me
Logan little update from the shower I
just cut myself while shaving oh god I
had this white tube thing I supposed to
help like clot the blood whenever you
cut yourself shaving
appala man to think like a bitch here we
go oh yeah ah whoa that's a peanut yep
that devilish things oh my god it stings
run I've done this before and it works I
have this like weird
yo maverick shut up please weird white
powder on my chin but it stopped
bleeding so that's good news yo shut up
Scott man so today's a little a little
foo-foo no foo-foo I got stuck doing
laundry it's the thing I hate laundry
Wow I gotta stop hitting inanimate
objects I wash my sheets like an adult
so you look it I'm an adult
there's the problem with sheets if you
guys have ever tried to put on that
sheet the first like layer on the bed by
yourself that's next to impossible I'm
by myself so I gotta do it let's do this
dunzo Sunwoo
that's right maverick I'm sweating a
little bit but goddamn we did it when
your life becomes so uneventful that you
have to feel yourself doing laundry say
it's not just like me dude I just feel
like the beginning of the year is slow
no one is doing anything all my friends
besides Johannes are out of town long
story short I'm screwed groan damn I
wish someone would just punch me in the
face
no yeah I knew I would be saying what
I'm about to say when I decided to start
eating healthy and working out everyday
this first like two weeks is gonna be a
bitch mainly not having the typical
amount of food and carbs and sugars in
my body that I normally do so my energy
levels not gonna be up here is gonna be
down here is like looking for are you
snapchatting me vlogging me snapchat in
your vlog sweet kicks me thanks G I
appreciate that
so you loyal you loyal you're smart
smart go buy your mother a house go buy
your mama anyways yeah the energy is not
the highest but I'm out here I'm gonna
stay vlogging I just got to get over
this this original this first little
hump thing this is me making a hub I'm
also gonna go to the store right now and
pick up some healthy food yeah before I
go get some food yo I met these bros my
bros and the Dada Dada brother brother
brother but the real question is are you
guys low gang okay I sure love guys like
their you know my boys ro baby spinach
avocados carrots gotta get some lemons
for flavoring some salmon and some
chicken for protein and cannot forget
the eggs okay I have a bin full of
health here and we are ready to rock
ah boom with this food I shall become a
2020 Olympian boom it all starts with
the way you eat and I will say this
gonna be a little Logan confessional
time harder me is freaking out that like
nothing is really happening right now in
LA and that the days are just like so
slow at the beginning of every year I
remember I always always feel like this
like just like no comeback nothing's
happening man everyone is just shut down
it's just chilling and I'm so not used
to that lifestyle so when I have nothing
to do I'm just like but I have to just
keep telling myself that it's okay like
it's okay to not always be busy
regardless in two days when I go to
Paris everything's gonna start picking
up again so I just I need to enjoy this
time that I have I'm a growing boy I'm a
hungry boy so I'm a cook this chicken oh
I missed
oh uh they're gonna come on chicken
number two on then okay uh there we go
look at me making chicken yay now I'm no
chef but I can't make chicken actually I
don't know if this is what it's supposed
to look like I'm just gonna go ahead and
put this okay oh yeah oh yeah nice and
crispy oh yeah Oh gonna steam looking at
sizzle boy oh yeah oh yeah also lemon is
a natural diuretic meaning it makes you
pee which is good keeps you hydrated and
keeps your system running fresh yo this
channel I promise you is not gonna turn
into a fitness channel I promise you I'm
just saying this is my life currently
such of the consequences of the vlog
like hashtag blogging another big thing
about eating healthy is portion control
which is I know what I'm gonna shovel
with basically just like so I'm not
gonna eat both of these pieces of
chicken right now that's a lot of
chicken I'm gonna put one in this
Tupperware and save it for later maybe
to eat like tonight or something I'll
see you later the first piece of chicken
in 2017
attaboy Logan cuz you killed it bro oka
yeah this chicken is nice and juicy I'm
gonna eat this and then chill for a
little bit cuz I'm going to the mall
later at which point I will tell you and
you will learn why I'm going to Paris
not right now in two days
oh yeah I'll see you home he's in a
little bit okay we are at the mall I'm
with manager Jeff we are going to look
for a blazer slash suit coat so I can
look fancy when I go to Paris
Jeff why do I need to look fancy cuz
you're gonna be on the first ever
episode of SNL SNL stands for 70s
Saturday night lies we go down in the
record books down in the record you guys
know saturd midnight why can you throw
Saturday Night Live it's been going for
35 seasons but in America we make it
move their bread we're just we're just
looking around see if they got what it -
no that's not so this is the kind of
thing that we cause like I'm not good
with fashion you know that black pants
like black pants already for sexy legs
ladies if you want to know 34 send them
send them so fun fact about me I hate
shopping and I got stuck here doing this
I won't be here for a while hey Jeff let
me know when you're done
what I'm busy bro it's time to a change
let's get sexy boom what do you think
bro dude with a blazer on top and stuff
yeah I just don't know about the arms
but the arms gotta love the liquid down
oh I hate shopping so my haters that guy
it's just me Logan Paul XY star I'm
looking at a shirt right now and this
pretty much describes my life recently
all I do is eat and sleep and dab me and
Jeff we're gonna shop till we drop isn't
that right Jeff
the problem is I hate shopping so
quit over oh please I wish I could ride
this polar bear that is the one wish I
have in my life right now to ride this
polar bear hey yo I'm gonna do something
never been done before on the internet
but it has to do with these mannequins
can I guess what it is pretty dope is it
that's pretty dope the Blues will bring
out my eyes correct and then all the
friends of girls are gonna love it -
Jitendra - okay ladies and gentlemen -
the sneakers I think this is the outfit
we're going with Oh
still ugly but less ugly and that's a
win in my book yes okay although I hated
it that was a successful day of shopping
it is time to go back home so let's do
it
I go okay so we're back home it is 9:00
p.m. right now and I'm gonna hit the gym
I know in yesterday's vlog i wimped out
I was feeling sick I didn't get it but
today I'm kooky Oh Gogi but until then I
love you and like the brother said
earlier okay I sure love ya my life
there you know low gang for life
push
it's you big
