when you're exposed to soot in the
December got pushed to the earliest
January shit oh good morning log angle
sir so today uh is a day of fufu let me
first give you the definition of this
word foo-foo-foo-foo fake not real not
genuine aka boost man this is so false
I'm so sorry for starting this vlog off
so aggressively boom what I'm saying is
some things have been going down that
aren't the coolest if you watched
yesterday's vlog you know your boy got
catfished someone told me they were
someone that they're not and like these
showed up here and I went looking for
them and they didn't exist the guy told
me we were gonna walk a goat down
Hollywood Boulevard it didn't have he
went dark on me the moment um he's like
y'all manali we went dark um so I text
him I write I'm like yo and I'm sure
everyone's wondering what happened homie
has the audacity to shoot me this text
this morning
yo do my are my lights falling did that
just happen this is why I don't do adult
Christmassy things this is why I have
this savage tree because when I try and
be an adult and hang lights up they fall
okay whatever
here's what this guy texted me as an
excuse on why he didn't show up and went
dark last night from Daniel so phone
died then walking back to my truck to
plug it in i was putting Billy the goat
back into the truck and he started to
slide out so I bent down real quick
picked him up and stood up and hit my
head on the door frame and rang my damn
Bell but I was fine so I sat in my truck
waiting for my phone and before I know
it I guess I texted my buddy to come
bring me to the hospital last night and
I guess I had a seizure last night I
realize all this just this morning sorry
I didn't text you bro
just one helluva night bro come ah now
granted if this is real I'm sorry no but
this is the thing man these cat Fisher's
they say things that like could be real
and that's why you think they're real
I'm not falling for it Daniel expand
this is so false I'm not full
for Daniel Foom I'm sorry I'm getting
heated guys this is happened to me
before and I just I hate the lies man
you live in the life lie having a
seizure in Hollywood with a goat in your
truck and then having to go to the
hospital what happened to the goat huh
huh no I don't believe foof that fufu
lame I am winning and then on top of
that there is one more thing that I just
you know a twin but I am a little hungry
been working out really hard lately need
some protein in my stomach needs
something to fuel me what what can I eat
hahaha that's right kids I got myself a
Gaines ball
that's right man I switch it up a little
bit today I got blueberries almonds
granola and bananas on the top someone
stop me
somebody's hot man I have to sit here
and devour this thing I'm also noticing
they shut down Hollywood Boulevard
check this out butter like even over
there on that side and the whole street
is shut down why I don't know but you
guys know me I'm going to find out even
if that means getting arrested
I don't care let me just take a second
this bowl is so delicious man this in
this new Gainesville oh I'm so sorry you
had to hear that okay okay this is time
to see what this is all about i'ma stay
out of this bed yo this isn't so Star
Wars oh my God look at this guy yeah you
want a pig
all right cool let's do it this will be
funny watch I won't take you that day
huh yeah picture that oh okay okay
so this is interesting man I've never
seen my intersection such shut up ship
did you wanna have sex with me
I'm afraid you know what my intersection
shut down like this wow that was hard
that's what she said yeah anyways I also
heard that there's a a foursome
billboard here remember that show I shot
foursome aka I'm on a billboard Sun but
where is where is it where is the
billboard oh oh oh ah yo there is oh
snap this is a big one that's what she
said when I got my last billboard my
favorite thing to do was like go up to
be like hey like do you know what that
guy is like this he look familiar most
people say no but when they realized
it's a lot of fun I problem you see that
up there yeah
do you recognize that guy in the middle
I think
Hey oh snap look at this guy someone
stop this guy yeah you see that what is
that you see that up there
find out what oh it's you hey hey thanks
yeah I don't know why that's always a
lot of fun to me is uncle's my log but
besides that nothing really
so don't why you guys know I actually
hold him like a panda all the time
George hey buddy my boss so glad you
came over um no scheme boy so for those
of you who do not know my boy George is
moving into the building this is his
apartment
yeah but are you vlogging here bro huh
the camera the bigger though just cuz
what what no no I got cut I'm gonna
leave it in it's gonna be nice and
awkward yeah I don't know I see the
camera but I can't help but wonder do
you know the vlog life cuz when I look
at you it's not like you strike me as
someone who wouldn't know this vlog life
Oh buzz oh we got to get some furniture
in here gee there's nothing here bro
cept this water bottle in the middle of
the floor ya know I'm a savage right
easy
oh but wait the time in the Sun is the
fun time we good it's your house hold on
wait one second and okay gonna bye
Georgie hello yo whoo-hoo
George from State Farm
hey-yah what are you doing George George
what are you doing bro what are you
doing I was looking through the people
why are you sure this you're a weird kid
bro when your door gets turned on that's
a penis I think about Logan Paul I think
predictable Wow pretty are you Jagga
pretty pitiful predictable well I'm not
gonna know I'm not gonna flash through
the turtle Wow David I did okay so I'm
gonna set the camera down and start
ranting about some more fufu shits going
down or has already gone down I should
say yes I I'm deer open for this cuz
this is no joke
this is so fufu okay so I know
everyone's Muhammed make the camera back
up I know everyone is has been asking me
lo lucky dopes why are you not in
Atlanta remember guys I went for Atlanta
tour well it was supposed to be there
for a month to shoot a movie called
superstition I was there for like five
days and I got two things done in
accordance with the movie a table read
and a fitting that is it that is all I
had packed for a month I bought my bird
a cage like I was in a house well it was
an apartment but I decked it out so like
I was gonna live there for an extended
period of time
oh well I was two hours away two hours
away from being picked up to go do my
first day on set and then I got you know
remember this call for my manager you're
not shooting tonight that production has
put a home so that happened whatever
Hollywood happens whenever I'll be back
in LA for a week and then I go back
December 2nd December 2nd whatever I was
able to shoot videos the the color blind
glasses video uh saving Logan Paul video
it great and then December 2nd passes yo
it's December 7th right now I get
another call huh actually you know what
I'm saying call my manager have him
explain it Erin Logan superstition
which you're exposed to soon in the
December got pushed to the earliest
January 5th so you are free to travel
the world to celebrate the new year
yeah so yeah I'm here in LA for the next
month I don't know what to do which is
actually probably a good thing because
this means I can make the best vlog
content ever like dedicating days to do
awesome stuff tomorrow for example I
believe I'm building igloos in
California that's a dumb thing to hours
later hey guys it's me Logan
uh so some time has passed it's dark
outside I went a dinner
I went and bought a candle yo oh it
smells so good it smells so good and
also I'm screaming as usual and my boy
Marcus sleeping sorry buddy you try to
smile I know I know I know my boy Mark
loves candles so when I bought this I
was like dude Mark's gonna think I'm
awesome my nose is so stuffed up that's
not chicken are you sick can't breathe I
think I tell her geez dude I mean I feel
fine
I didn't ask you your diagnosis as a sir
you're sick smell this candle Braille
try give it a whiff ooh
yeah we think bro delicious where's
Malcolm I think I was at a store today I
was looking at this candle is like this
really high-end was it this one then I
don't give a shit okay good I like this
can look it's gonna be lit this year's I
did that the candles gonna be late now
okay I'm gonna quit my youtube channel
bye guys just kidding I'm never leaving
you guys sorry
boom one can go down to the paint'll
down well it's beautiful
today's kind of sorta almost coming to a
close but not for me baby
we got one thing left to do and that is
the gym that's right baby gym time
today's leg day for all the ladies some
dudes out there maybe who worried to my
chicken legs today they must go
that really hurt I'm not gonna lie like
I'm really regretting slapping myself oh
my gosh oh oh trying to be tough now I
just damn in pain no okay like that
let's do this
by
yeah I'm dying I'm only two sets in my
legs are really feeling it right now
today's gonna be a man make a man makers
or days where you know you're sleepy
you're tired you're sick whatever it is
and you don't feel like working out but
you do it anyways because it turns you
into a man and if you're a female I
don't know how to say this but it's the
yeah it still turns you into a man yeah
yeah I made that up clever
ah done papers oh my legs are fried
right now I feel like God a little bit
sick but it's okay remember one thing
locking you would have noticed a man was
made today man make mama mia here we go
again jabbing back to the apartment pack
did that work I don't know how you doing
squat homey my people that is it for
today's vlog yo Oh foo foo foo foo lots
of foo foo shit today and I'm not gonna
lie just in general this was a pretty
foo-foo vlog like normally you guys
noticed my days are lit their turn today
not so turnt I'm not gonna lie but
sometimes in life you do the not so tert
things and the turn things mean even
more to you that's me doing turn stuff
and that's what makes the low gang
strong you know we're a family we're
here when things are high we're doing
things are low but thank you for
watching I will see your place tomorrow
take it easy my family I love you guys
peace
that's you bitch so whoo-hoo hey that
was my blind
