also checking out I think I ruined a
marketer what second no I sigh oh yeah
what what the good evening what is Pablo
Greg oh my God look at this split right
now hot damn Oh get up there we go oh I
say good evening cuz it's 1:30 p.m.
before we get the day's activities
started I want to show you guys
something I find this extremely weird
someone put rest and be a rest in peace
Harambee like picture on my fridge I'm
wondering if it's Mac my friend Mac
that's staying with me he's not here
right now but like I don't know why he
would do that maybe home eaten loves
Harambee I'm gonna ask Mac when he gets
back here if he put it up there but
anyways we are back in Los Angeles of
that Los Angeles grind have not shaved
the beard yet I asked you guys in
yesterday's vlog if I should shave it or
keep it it looks like you guys want me
to keep it well hot damn plus I don't
like it so but I said if you guys make
the decision so your your world but I
guess you'll want me on some men y'all
want me looking like a man still hurts
to smile by the way um the wisdom tooth
thing that's what this little like
yellow spot here is I know a lot of
people have been commenting on that I'm
Bruce it from my insides bro so give me
some sugar
I'm also rocking this sexy robe I don't
know why comfortable its fluffy you know
looking like a pimp
anyways I do know one thing Donald Trump
is president let's go say what's up to
Mavericks I do map looking like a man
what yes I am I have a beard in a robe
does it get much better than some
frickin ball saying that to me cuz your
little parrot what I love you too buddy
so I have this friend named Natalie
coming over she's a girl and we've only
hung out we were gonna like maybe like
one time so I probably shouldn't be
doing what I'm about to do but we still
have our Christmas tree up I'm like yo
like I got like I'm gonna get a little
gift first I got her these uh candy
underwear and candy bra and imma give
them to her like we've hung out once so
this like our friendship level is not
where it needs to be for me to do this
kind of thing whoa
okay Logan way to make things a queer
due to creep creep okay
don't have any actual wrapping paper
just cuz I'm a muchacha but I do have
this used dish towel but I think this
will work just fine go go wrap it up
nice oh yeah this is this this is good
kids this is innovation wrap - Natalie
love Logan raw the only gift that ever
made it under the savage tree but
goddamn it's a good one
don't cry okay Natalie is here they're
sending her up right now I'm gonna do my
thing and scare the Sheep outside of
this camera setup so we don't miss
anything so H you know how people their
videos they go she should build like
really like it doesn't matter if you're
talking or you want I got two people
whoa yeah
are you like level of attractiveness to
this man outfit one to ten a nine point
eight Wow yo I got you a Christmas gift
under the tree oh I'm gonna open it it's
for you I put a lot of time and effort
into it so I hope you appreciate it
you wrap Dana's house yeah we are
condoms all over the Christmas tree oh
damn it looks like there are I don't
know how that happened
I think you're really gonna like it yeah
I've got you I've got you you might not
use them now money is not what fuck
can't get that back action okay it's
it's part of my kitchen towels Oh Oh
what do you think you're gonna use it
yeah it's like actually that's what I'm
saying it's edible it's sexy oh wow
to cover everything that's amazing so
now if you could like put them on and
maybe give me a dope thumbnail that'd be
sick you're getting doesn't cover much I
think that's the point you do declare
oh yo what what are those I've got to
make fun of my shoes can I ask why why
not that's a great answer my boy is here
bro you're right you just got super
slippery oh no that'll be way to the Z
yo you like him I mean I love them I
just didn't know how slimy they were
does it make me look manly bro they make
you look like the bear that you wrestled
one yeah Natalie said the same thing
let's do you see that gift over there
what do you blow-dry it like how do you
know what cuz I'm a savage part of being
a savage do you see that gift on the
counter these candy cane candies you
know what do you think about him bro I'm
kind of lower than making me Wow I don't
consider myself got a sweet tooth but
I'm I'm looking at this thing this is a
bit too big for you I feel like one size
fits all
you all including me apparently wait
what is this look at this little nugget
it's got on the back that's for like
that's right cover the butthole huh
oh yeah it's a perfect bottle right
there that's my boy cool go Mac Mac Mac
bro Mac I need to ask you cuz it's been
on my mind what's up with this and why
this isn't mine you didn't put that on
my fridge this morning I put this on my
fridge gee that worries me a little bit
cuz like all jokes aside I do I leave my
house unlocked so I'm gonna definitely
wasn't me I'm gonna bed
are you you did not put this on the
fridge would you leave your door on my
pot yes
and we're the only two people in this
house man this doesn't worry you you're
just gonna take a Kodak all right that's
great steamer are you guys you're having
a full-on conversation about whether or
not they can be developed still oh we're
in 2016 she says you can't develop these
any just take them I don't think you can
I think you get anybody hello we got a
visitor hey you're what though yo easy
no roll
come on some someone's bro yo tell me
what you see on the door this monkey is
haunting me yo easy easy I'm gonna I'm
gonna roll something big no system go
right hey yo yo yo yo yo yo easy are you
okay first off are you fine
dog dog dog I'm pretty sure I just saw a
killer clown in the elevator it was a
clown I'm freaking them out bro hey
classy
I see balloon I see a scary mask and I
see colorful clothes clowns clowns are
back so the killer cops watch it watch
it
yo yo I play scary I've hit this camera
to scare Natalie and she jumped like a
little bitch no we haven't recorded on
Dawg it's still recording
all right check it out guys right now we
were gonna review some footage if I if I
pull this up and there's the clown Doug
outside of my door
I'm changing my address
I'm quitting YouTube and I'm deporting
myself from the country and I'm taking
your underwear with me young lady might
as well act so someone's messing with it
but fortunate no here's a clown shut up
dog oh my god no that's the creepiest
cook I've ever oh yo watch what yeah
Harambee he's stuck Harambee on the door
yo oh did you you know this is all of a
sudden you come to LA and nokama
with yoga shut the fuck I was of you
right why being so shady yeah why were
you gone for solo how are you going for
so long why he was gone for so long
why you using cameras from the 1980s
there's a little bit of a discrepancy
max you bring never Kate's Natalie hate
did you finger his butthole he hates
that guy
no Steph I maverick since you're being a
little bitch I'm gonna shut this cage
sorry buddy all maverick evilness aside
what you want to do about this clown gee
yeah I've got a plan actually there is
gonna be some BS Spencer plans wanting a
clown right backs what our clowns clouds
are entertainers or entertainers what
kind of entertainers are clowns what can
they do we need to find again something
that is gonna track this Clark club's
attracted to mines yeah where I've
climbed attracted to my man where you're
gonna cross on my plan mr. Wayne I never
I didn't give the plan yet I'm just
outlining it's all about because it paws
are attracted to mine also checking out
I think I ruined it marketer what second
oh I sigh oh yeah what the fuck what the
fuck yah who is this
come on God bro this is not confronting
there's only one way you can get across
to here and it's from my neighbor's
house Iike virus
what is this Conor McGregor Conor
McGregor bar confused right now our
media is like like I feel invaded and
part of me is like yo this cars funny
he's got a sense of humor god I feel
like an episode of Scooby Doo where
we're just collecting clues that's
exactly what one of the clues we got
harambe
we got Zika virus and Conor McGregor
what does he have to do with McGregor
they both kill people like killing
people this guy trying to kill us
no I I think I know it is okay I
actually knew it is um because this
balcony the only house to connects to is
Alex's house and we when we forget each
other's keys or keys or our house just
well yeah we let cuz we always leave
these doors unlocked again should be
saying that we caught you Alex
you're funny Alex busted bitch hello
give up the clown suit probably changing
downstairs G Oh elaborate yeah this is
you we knows you we busted you Alex with
sobbing we busted you in it was I don't
like funny though you're the only one
that could use some so curfew yeah
excuse right now you definitely got it
at you actually you're actually confused
yes
Zika virus Conor McGregor Harambee I
don't know what that means
a likely story he knows all the super
class but clown ran across that balcony
thing that we we like my bus from our
place and then hopped over here and ran
that's why we're like like you jumped
over no wait is there a clown downstairs
Larry Tommy the only way for her to get
a Logan spot is through this place oh
definitely you is there any other way
that like he could have MA wait wait do
you really know what I said no idea
what's going on
yep no idea what's going on super
confused I mean there might be Oh
yo shut up wha gaga yo to mark a lady
cut yeah this is me sorry
funny this kind of funny this clown has
a sense of humor yeah I mean I don't
know we'll let you know have keep me
updated yeah this is freaking weird bro
what do they mean yeah what do they mean
it's Conor McGregor I do you love Conor
McGregor Rhomb a we got ready we got
Zika we got more her Ana's at me what
does it mean it means killer Klowns
killer clothes where we're gonna go to
come ah shut the fuck up shut yo yea I'm
assuming in right now that is that him
Neal it Neal's in front of the little
pillar yeah we caught you what do you
want
who are you is he about to hit that
naynay admit this is a funny clown bro
yo this is this is the freaking weird
row no we were I so you want to go get
him we you want to see what's over there
yo yo yo y'all my nose is bleeding
my nose is bleeding dog dog dog oh
you're right hey yo your stairs here
you're right why is my nose bleeding
this kind of fish isn't weird that my
nose is bleeding right now is a little
frustrated bro this whole days is is so
look at the show that's why oh this is
the garage right
let's see ya David Bowie Prince Muhammad
Ali Princess Leia
um Carrie Fisher all these people died
this year back at the crib Oh
my nose is still bleeding um you should
have went over there and kick this guy's
ass
it's up to you it took too long I didn't
um I just got my wisdom teeth taken out
like I in if I was just afraid if like I
get hit right now in the face my whole
mouth is gonna start bleeding I'm not
looking for conflict right out here oh
wait hold up pick this up I want to put
these all next to each other maybe they
form like a puzzle or something what do
we got we got two men that look like
women one woman that looks like a woman
oh great that looks like a woman okay
Chewbacca lady classic mama Dali
wrestler
yeah fighter Gregg Conor McGregor also a
fighter living fighter living fighter
Kurama you are on base recipes recipes
so this is just Zika virus which kills
people dude this is all like besides
like Chewbacca lady and Conor McGregor
this is all like just things I'm on the
surface like simple simplicity what's
coming to my mind is like that it just
it's all things that happen in 2016 the
majority being ass so maybe maybe he's
saying like it's all 2016 all of us
sixteen disasters clown hated 2016
that's it McGregor is a disaster I don't
know I don't know do we get an answer do
we did like I don't think like whatever
I think we just burn all this just look
the disclaimer this is a ceremonial
burden I didn't recommend forgive me I
was an accident this is not like this is
all like a Viking send-off to all the
things that happen in 2016 as we welcome
the new year let the blooding Austin oh
ceremony command in Winter Fest war
movie I've ever seen
20:16
I've been
there you go I would be so embarrassed
but this is dumb what does it look like
it's just a blood clot it's a blood clot
hell yeah oh my god it's a Claudia's
blood clot IRA clotting don't worry
go that was a big clot that was wicked
dope that was great
so Alex and Lauren came over at the time
where I'm signing off which is happening
night wasn't Alex not me we did not find
out who was offended they thought it was
me
what brought something you would do
admit I was exactly that is it for the
vlog because this was a nice little I
feel like it kind of got a little
sentimental at the end don't you think
with a leg nice little ceremony ceremony
yeah for that reason I want the low gang
to get this video to 100 guys like smash
the like button smash smash that thank
you guys for watching I will see you
tomorrow subscribe if you are not a part
of the no gang I love you guys
take your dues you poof
that's your bit
