hey hey 3:25 a.m. that is the local time
right now
very early I'm supposed to actually be
getting up in an hour and a half to fly
back to Los Angeles
ah do you see the problem I haven't gone
to bed yet oh boy I've been editing the
whole night night night night night this
is the video that I made with the rock
Dwayne the rock Johnson that it was just
a little sneak peek issue now is do I go
to sleep do I stay up till 5:00 a.m. hmm
decisions decisions so well I guess
we'll find out a little bit 20 minutes
later it's 402 a.m. I just saw Jake pull
in the driveway don't know why he is up
as well but I'm gonna see if I can scare
them a little bit which I got Joe as
looking like a rookie what what did you
say you sleep
why do you wake us because I want why
are you vlogging cuz we're supposed to
be up in an hour to go back to LA
thoughts questions opinions concerns I'm
asleep for an hour is that the move yeah
all right we'll see you guys in our one
hour later 5:18 a.m. bro how was that yo
dude best hour sleep ever like I'm so
well-rested so awesome just kidding yo
that's just sucked I do mine
it's 5:30 a.m. maverick I'm gonna need
you to get in your cage okay maverick
season gonna work buddy dude we got to
go to Los Angeles school you got to be a
Hollywood parrot again cool he nodded
approval I'm ready to go I'm gonna put
you in your cage okay
okay well I'm gonna have to okay I'm
sorry bro back the Hollywood Maverick
good birdie did you hear that
that was a squawk of desperation I know
I know he doesn't like this cage we will
be in LA
very soon maverick okay I promise you
what else
yeah yeah I don't know how that happened
but we are in LA apparently let's see
just to make sure hello Hollywood oh
yeah yep this is definitely Los Angeles
ok well that was easy just like your mom
oh I'm going to drop the gun
I'm tired also guys I brought someone
with me he's right there but I'm coming
to him oh hey buddy
you guys remember Mac he's my best
friend from kindergarten what's great
yeah we raced in the playground
beat his ass now we're all grown-ass men
with beards and yours is actually Mary
yo I need a shave Jesus mother of god
what a minute like a little bit of a
crossroads
some people say Logan shave the beard
some people say Logan keep the beard
what do I do
I don't know what do I do what does one
do how about this you know what I'm
gonna keep it for now imma let you guys
decide actually right here on YouTube
the technology is great you can do polls
the poll will be do you want me to shave
my beard it's gonna be right here it's
here right now okay so click it you can
click shave yes shave beard Logan or no
shade beard Logan literally you guys are
deciding this right now I'm gonna sit
here and wait until you vote you got
time
okay did you vote by cool so tomorrow we
will decide if I'm shaving my beard oh
my god that was dope so the hard part
about being a 21 year old chach living
alone in Hollywood is cleaning up before
I left I was like y'all I'm gonna make a
mess like I don't have to deal with this
false I do have to deal with it now I
don't know what I was thinking bro so
all this kind of clean up and then this
Christmas tree cuz Christmas is over
Merry Christmas bro
and then unpack bag bag bird cage bag so
it's a fun day of errands yay and think
sucks
I worship and the dog let me take about
Frank
in other words clean sucks
cleany sucks but Frank Sinatra in other
if there is one thing I'm good at its
making messes unfortunately that also
means I have to be good at cleaning up
those messes which in this case we
killed it go spotless Ollis bad to the
bone make me want to move put me in the
xxx zone lanes don't know how to talk to
you soon let me walk would you hold them
hand I'm sweating I'm scared but at the
unjust not like about more like a
princess Queen and Prince piston paw
anyway coming up you're beautiful no but
yeah this place is looking really really
good right now we got the condoms on the
counter probably gonna leave those there
but I'm not gonna lie to guys this is
one of those situations where I just
moved everything from there to right
there don't worry it's gonna be moved
from there to over there very soon also
cleaning is a dangerous game I cut
myself you see that hmm yeah my gosh
myself dude this is why you never clean
kids is dangerous if your parents giving
you a hard time about cleaning doing 200
ever just be like nope mom like cleaning
is dangerous I've seen it just show them
this video and make sure they're they
subscribed yeah bitch hashtag blog now
this is all for me what if I wasn't here
we just got here like what no what is
this well I guess we got some gifts to
open up there's never a dull moment in
the life of the law games but let you
fully win ah she said like my nothing
since I'm feeling extra savage oh I
don't want to do a regular unboxing I'm
gonna do all I want to do a fun unboxing
this gonna be dull what's your bucks
seems like I look like a whore
is it valuable I'm really hoping the
stuff in there wasn't valuable or like
expensive and breakable it's why I did
all that but you didn't help at all like
I'm still struggling oh yeah you know
what this is you know all this stuff is
actually know Oh every single bit is the
stuff that I bought what I was supposed
to be living in the way sorry guys I
guess there's no good gifts today God
role does that thing fun oh yeah bro I
was I bought that in Atlanta and it's
fun just leaves these little yellow
balls everywhere I love you how do you
know the balls of yellow shut them up
now huh color - rocky I'm done stop we
cleaned up we deserve food in our
stomachs so that's what we're doing but
Mac look at this on the ground bro oh
it's a feather what does it mean bro
what does it mean what does it say what
what are you hearing back what what
how far is he gonna take this joke we
got eggs benedict on pretzel bread we
got a chocolate chip cookie you guys
know I love these currently this orange
drink is gonna help me with my sickness
I told them I'm feeling it a little like
that so if you're wrong I'm gonna find
you and I'm gonna fuckin care no this is
good ya know I already feel better
boom okay lunch was delicious I smashed
you already know that but now I came
downstairs to come see what's happening
in my room and oh my god messy down here
too like doll I can't escape this even
Map Reduce mess yeah he was messy so he
took a bath damn you looking real ugly
right now maverick no you're ugly when
you're wet like that's just a fact of
life me no I mean I'm different than you
Kay when I get wet it's like you look
like that guys kind of sexy type thing
but you not so much bro if you ever plan
on getting late don't go out like that
okay good I'm afraid you lowly but
surely getting this together but I know
you guys don't give us that cuz it's
boring someone called me upstairs I ran
upstairs to get it and you're mad cos I
don't know what this like this kid is
interesting he was one of my first ever
friends in life and he majored in botany
in college none of us saw that coming
Bonnie liked the study of plants and I
think he is trying to perform
photosynthesis like he's just sitting on
the balcony in the Sun he really likes
the sunbathing stuff apparently what are
you doing bro
yah yah yah yah wait wait Mac heel I
just wanted to know what you were doing
they may you're trying to perform
photosynthesis is your pot any major no
common man speak to the median man your
socks with your own face on it bro these
socks have nothing to do with me there's
no Gainesville's there's no Logan
dabbing there's no America not be doing
the splits that's all just those are
coincidences Mac coincidences what are
you doing with that no what do you do it
you you admit you're trying to like grow
plants or something you botanist major
from this angle I'm giving you a shower
of light and you're gonna grow into a
beautiful botanist plant man ah what are
you doing what are you out are you doing
coins in me you son of a bitch Oh Matt
foster Oh maverick attack Danny he's not
a good attack bird admit you're giving
my bird seeds so he can grow and do a
beautiful plant and become a botanist
just like you admit admit tell me what
you're looking at now some people stop
in the middle of the dr. Hill if this G
is this van right there
hello hey these people are stopped in
the street what's up yeah I come down oh
god I love you I'm coming down okay so
some vans apparently found out where I
live
uh I guess it's not that hard yeah it's
probably not hard the difference is I
just don't have a house so you'll can't
like sit outside the house they'd have
to sit in the middle of the street but
it's worth it as they got my pension now
go take a picture so yeah this is there
they are hey hey that's my girl these
are my girls
I'm beat what's your name yo la girl I
can't be yo that's crazy
of course I'd be upset if we didn't mean
to the game's on please haha yeah that's
amazing
hey wait so how did you got a hobby huh
oh you saw the savage street no we were
gonna take it down today that's crazy
I'm gonna take a selfie of yourself okay
okay ready okay oh my do soon good bye
guys
I love all of you Houston represent huh
Oh maverick I just realized the annoying
noises that I make are probably just as
annoying to him as the annoying noises
he makes are to me my brother man I am
sorry okay all right well I'll talk to
you later in other news I finished
cleaning my room that still needs work
but I mean the floor the clothes
maverick everything all this stuff is
good to know what the come on guys with
the Logan has no nipples joke whoo-hoo
come on I do have nipples
I do have nipples guys come on I want to
suck the milk out of his teeth the
upstairs is also clean looking great
attaboy Logan Adam would you adult it
today way to go kid
a couple things before I sign off for
the day uh uh
somebody wants told me that song that
you guys saw me make uh 2016 like your
review funny comedy song it's my first
song on the Internet yo I'm a little bit
nervous little nervous uh uh God hurts
this monster anyways that's coming out
maybe tomorrow
what are you doing what are you doing ah
oh snap so excited for the song uh ah
handle this son coming down maybe
tomorrow hopefully it's gonna be led
make sure to check out my main channel
for that other than that I think that's
a yo tomorrow's gonna be back to LA
grind which you know means freaking skin
epicness I noticed YouTube is snuff
again man
excuse my language kids but I'm
passionate about my YouTube yo you just
get up again they're not notifying you
guys when I pull weird weird
what do it so make sure to you're
already subscribed obviously but make
sure to turn on the post notification so
that way when I post you don't miss it
you go to the SUBSCRIBE box you're
already subscribed and then go to the
little bell and ring the bell hit the
bell to notify the Bell do it that is it
for the vlog that ah what do you do a
new you're so easily happy that's it for
the vlog today guys I need to lay down
take a nap tired tired tired so take it
easy family peace
that's your bit you raised me
