good morning low gang what's poppin
I'm keeping it easy cuz I know if like
you laugh is dogs gonna start barking
welcome to the vlog guys I currently
have no pants on kind of how I live my
life is start the day with no pants end
the day with no pants this is uh Jake do
you wanna I mean who is this guys our
dad this is our deck he'll know what's
up but then you got everything my role
brah okay great answer I got a little
good doing it so yeah my dad said we're
taking a Motorhome out you have a motor
I don't know why shut up but we're gonna
do some stunts or something in this in
this vehicle today I'm not sure yet we
got Jake's friend chance we got my
cousin Alex a house full of savages we
are going to get got so let's get the
day started
I did not work at all ah look at this
B's oh this is actually dope oh my gosh
dude I am proud of my dad for buying
this for whatever reason that he did
that oh yeah that's why it's called a
Motorhome Jake yo is that a bedroom got
a bedroom back here dude this is a hole
to kind of shower in a boat still we
need the help did you already make a
smashed joke oh can i I already said it
swear to god damn anyone try to smash it
smash by the way I feel like I should
address I have not shaved yet cuz once
boom boom I haven't shaved yet cuz I
feel like once my wisdom tooth swelling
goes down then I'll do it I'll just look
like a new man right but yeah this is
really cool like look how big this is
that's what she said no look how big
this is
I'm sorry about that if your parents
watch my vlogs uh don't watch my blog
stay there is not service my mom or my
dad but somebody's here I gotta ask you
why you have this and when you bought it
cuz I'm your son I feel like I should
know about these big purchases I have
this cuz it looks good
and I actually bought this fuck I'm
talking about the motorhome Oh the motor
oh yes
well it's not mine it's a friend he's
storing it here for a while so I get to
use it as I want to does that mean we
can like mess it up and stuff yeah I
guess I mean you know all right cool are
you driving this right now Jake is that
hell yeah driving right now okay so that
is where I get out of the vehicle
little brother driving a four ton
vehicle driver nah bro
yeah in regular cars look at this beast
dilemma oh okay then in that case see
I'm looking at this thing I'm wondering
if there's a way to get on top yo like
while you're driving it
you gotta get I gotta get on top right
I'm gonna try to find a way to get up
there okay this has become my mission Oh
Shh that's convenient this was much
easier than I had expected
oh yeah check us out that sexy that is
sexy oh you said it was slippery it's
not that slippery nah if I lay down flat
do you think the cops would see me yes
because I don't know where's that on
right sweet baby yo J hey J can you
drive slow for me yeah yeah I'll do that
I feel like I don't believe him I
literally just heard him say I'm gonna
floor it and my goal is to fling my
brother off the top what what is it what
does it look like bro this is where the
fun begins
your animals really power line is coming
up I'm shooting in slow motion let's see
how close I can get
my car with the close to the
I'm not gonna lie to you are dumb that
was way too close that was dumb that was
really dumb I were getting down for
connotation oh man it was stupid when we
were just riding on it and then I did
the power line thing no joke I think I
got this close to being clipped by a
power line feel I'm so dumb I'm just at
home you brought your son almost died
guys what was that here man don't wear
off-road it just seems to be a fault
rate did you say did you say that's a
drag your son almost died ah he says how
was that for you
I trusted you up there oh yeah yeah I
was hoping you guys would be good and
everything cool yes my dad everybody
where we going pick another shopping
mall guys put the word out I don't know
we're coming I've never kidnapped anyone
and I don't plan on it like who knows
you know I'm just kidding what hey boys
usually the girls get more girls I don't
know what that means that but okay
how does he know that you know how does
he go there
you know yeah I think it'd be successful
if we can convince a girl to ride in our
motorhome well cheating get a couple of
mini of friends oh yeah yeah if we can
get one girl to enter our motorhome but
here's a pond that looks like like hey
get in my car like I have Hannah Montana
tickets type situation
we are at this park it's the day after
Christmas so everyone is returning
Christmas gifts well populated lots of
girls Jake is on the side door I'm gonna
go through this window and my dad's
going to cover this window yeah the
boyfriend but we're having a party in
here
are you coming huh Hannah Montana
they're coming in they're getting in hey
why did you get in this vehicle how many
people can we get in this RV right now
I'm trying to pack it hard to get people
to come into your car when you don't
know them yo where's the girls like my
age they're all young family
come on the back
this is crazy this took a weird turn
when we actually started getting people
in our vehicle and why have the cops not
being called on us yet anyway yeah so
bad we're gonna be charged for like
kidnapping a one-horse open sleigh hey
they're all singing jingle bells yo Jake
come here bro yo we were not even in the
bus anymore it's just a party bus be
honest I'm gonna go shopping up IP so me
before we get arrested for kidnapping
charges cuz I'm sure this is illegal
we're probably gonna have to dump the
bus we gotta dump these bodies but I be
you want to go on a party bus hmm
you see that bus right there that's our
bus that's full of our fans and friends
no wait do you guys want to come in and
party yeah what is this mom yeah what's
up all the time you did it you'd only
party like yeah does she know how to dad
no but does your mom know how to dad
yeah yeah then do right for the party
bus let's go girls were cute mom was
cuter she gets in that bus I'm getting
that number what'd you say say we're
getting calls about the damn thing we're
trying to find a place to blow which
we're gonna die mom they're not gonna
let it hard I know right so we're gonna
go empty the bus empty the bus that was
a solid I say we stop the vehicle and
get everyone out 5 wives 5 wives have
fun there we go
finally now yo why are you pulling away
as the kids are getting out of the car
what you saying goes insane you were
causing a traffic issue he doesn't know
we're savages you know I did
yo this is what I like to see I'm them
hoverboards yo where's my brother you
should buy the outfits we can bounce
yeah
get in the vehicle jack yeah hey guys
my man it worked we murdered the hell I
wish there would have been more girls
oh darling why it's fine it's fine right
fun I almost got a mom bro I genuinely
had a good time we almost got a mountain
for bro yeah bro what when homie doesn't
move though
do you think there's still a chance the
cops get called you have the word we
relying on we kidnapped people people
gather come we kidnap them you're right
I was literally telling them ahead
Hannah Montana tickets they voluntarily
got in though that's a lack and we have
it on camera the low gang can attest to
that
you guys are people get in here I had no
idea was that the guy who looks the most
like he'd kidnap people I had no idea
everyone is coming to the top of the RV
right now that what up I ripped my pants
on the way out is it no V women hole do
that I don't know while we were doing
the the whole surfing RV thing earlier
my neighbors sent me this video yeah
yeah that's what happens yo epic day
every day every day if you guys missed
that Bispo billion you missed it
absolutely that's okay no we didn't do
it
okay I will ya know epic day Paul
brother Jake epic day Paul brother dad
you still look fabulous by the way
thank you around me not so much you Jake
working on it get up all boys on 303
Paul boy I want to do one quick thing I
know it's kind of lame but I just want
to do with everyone here what two three
like subscribe my labels ever really
like subscribe
just came back to look at what happened
here we caused some damage well that is
the damage that we caused today here's
another one hoping the neighbors don't
watch my blogs whoo
