oh good morning low gang what's poppin
if you cannot tell right now guys
nothing like death but uh figure like
death came and hit me across the face
hello that the wisdom teeth thing and
then on top of that I got sick and hear
my voice I'm sick I've been coughing
hacking sneeze and wheezing please and
girls in bed okay good yeah I feel not
the best buddy oh my god that hurt Oh
Christmas guys it's Christmas and I'm
vlogging so there's no time to feel down
however and yesterday's vlog you guys
saw this Christmas emergencies yeah
uh-oh mavin flew it where is it where is
it where is it where is it I just lost
my bird on Christmas do you think he's
gone yeah bro I have something to tell
you what's a prank huh it's a prank
Mavericks in the basement with mom ah
yeah my brother pranked me and convinced
me that my bird flew away like it cut
deep bro that because it's happened
before I had part of that prank - that
was per se you were part of it but now I
need payback so I need your help homeys
in the shower I don't know this is such
a good opportunity can you get the stuff
this is happening Jake Paul this is
payback so my dad is gonna help me with
this one we were making an egg and
protein powder mix yep very okay so
apparently he's not gonna be in the
shower very long home he doesn't take
long showers but we're talking eggs
we're talking protein powder stuff
that's good for your hair good for your
hair there we go thattaboy I appreciate
you helping me out with this dad so we
go mix it up nice and good yep we don't
want it to be too thin we like it to be
lumpy nice and lumpy right yeah
that'll it'll add one with hair rather
more Saudis Jake Paul Jake this is what
you get for breaking me yesterday
yo Jake is your hair like hell do you
like your new protein in it you think ya
know oh my god just in case you need it
Oh little brother take mine you miss no
you mention up dammit dammit
yo did it really yeah bro bro I'm a
savage
Merry Christmas go I would keep that
what I would eat that well real talk
like if your hair is looking thin or
anything kind of just rub it around it's
good protein alright yeah alright yo yo
oh my god oh yes Jake Merry Christmas
ha ha ha
I feel gym protein bro I'm gonna get so
many girls yo that's a that's a quiet
when I'm vlogging thanks how's my hair
it's good bro luscious locks bro yo
thank you that's the hair of a Disney
star so how about that Christmas thing
bro
oh yeah it's Chris yeah this Christmas
hey Dad you wanna wish your Christmas
wish your Christmas except I have one
question
what is it yo can you let me do my job
what is that yo shut the fuck up what is
that what is that you know what what Dad
know why oh my god low blow Jake low
blow pun intended
I've were so sorry we loved to see Joe
sorry for laughing at your expense
yeah I mean I make fun of him for being
too big so yeah your your melons perfect
watch this fun Flint dead
you got this tree though actually yeah I
picked it out for dork mom okay okay
never did drop a chip why I wanted him
to be able to reach the top of the tree
yo he's not here he doesn't mean he's
not he doesn't live with us he's not in
Ohio like he's not here I'm sending it
to him tomorrow I also noticed you put
some condoms on it well you know I want
to go along with the thing that you
started now that's my bull all right dad
okay now I got you a gift and item that
I'm about to give my dad huh
this is gonna take four seconds bro yo
all right ready yo I got that big shot
you know I saw this I saw you throw this
in a basket don't know what is that word
yeah no no yes you want we're not
Christmas why why though actually this
is not a joke gift so and you tell me it
was $300 yes homey needs to learn how to
allocate money this is why Disney kids
end up ruining their life five to ten
years down the line dad there's more
gifts for you get out here yeah check it
out get it oh yeah I got you camo
joggers so they do is actually something
more in there yeah once you go ahead and
check the pocket it's a new car you did
I'm gonna help you pay off your medical
bills actually I'm gonna pay them all
off for you love your paps sweet
actually
I actually wrote that not knowing how
much the medical bills are can we like
how much I can put the camera down to
like what we're talking fifty seven
thousand dollars yeah I wrote it down
it's too late they're not that much but
I added enough in there to get me a
Harley
he's a savage yo cuz I already got to do
this Oh Oh he had a heart attack
it was Rove himself to the hospital now
he's paying medical bills out the wazoo
yeah I got you dead I like it oh he's my
bull don't beat that bitch we go you got
on that now I'm gonna get him the fun
stuff that's cool what that's
sentimental when he needs to blow some
stuff have you ever seen a more manly
group of men what are you holding in
your hand dad
potato gun bro it shoots potatoes why
what do you have a vlog camera okay I'm
not you're dying you're just a bitch oh
now he's good battle a hump we got a
battle ax mine ox do we have potatoes
for the potato gun no no potatoes
we'll improvise
okay so this is the UH the house the
yard I grew up in as you can see it is
full of savagery now I'm going to
attempt to throw this spear in a tree
and stick it in there don't you open it
oh no this is heck yeah dude that's a
stick cause of death spear to the face
yeah yeah I stuck that tree duck we
think bro my turn what do you got I got
a battle on my ah get er done Oh got it
Omar Omar yo come on thattaboy thattaboy
I'm know like spear tomahawk expert but
did you stick it like in the same spot
that I did no not yours was there no dog
I got it right there that was when I
missed oh now yo we brothers brothers
brothers what all right more that way
wait smoke boy here boy cool and I'm
back up how can you kill a pullout game
stronger not so much oh snap
pull out game aggressive
battle-ax is dope but what happens if
you put a GoPro on the spear
yo that's about to be a sick shot savage
yeah oh my god oh my god Amaya beast or
what
that was dope that was dull diving a lot
is it potato gun time yeah bro it's
potato gun let's do it wait what did you
put inside it apples bread Tomatoes you
just put a bunch of food inside it all
kinds of food yeah I feel like it's not
gonna like shoot it just gonna look like
the potato gun just threw up yeah it's
good to go
putting hairspray in the back so that's
why I'm born and I'm gonna launch this
no that's it let's go no you're good
good oh my gosh
this is dangerous kids fact get it on
get it on you're such a hillbilly what
do you do we got everybody I also
noticed the skin Oreos on the ground
ravioli well beef ravioli goes well with
bread give the raccoons Oh Merry
Christmas oh you're right you're right
it's right we care about all the animals
my man straight chef boyardee up in this
yo this is such a bad idea for those the
instruction booklet says when installing
beef ravioli you never put more than six
of them in we're doubling it good good
good here we go thumbs up ready go
ravioli Madhavi oh we gonna do right now
oh it's not starting okay that's an
issue so we have to be manly with it and
man it and yeah as per usual and start
it yeah great you all noticed you got
this diehard scare that's right I always
die hard yo you good bro I got hard
I'm your son okay I've grown up with you
you're my dad except every time I come
here I am still surprised by the stuff I
find in your garage what the fuck is
that this would be a piece of driftwood
I found like Gary y'all okay I held on
I'm gonna bring this out here using my
muscles yo okay so explain what this is
driftwood from Lake Erie okay railroad
spike okay a tomahawk just in the tree
and then a little saw blade old table
and you put your it's a coat rack you
gotta test it out bro that's not right
yeah Oh yo you good oh you're good bro
he's gonna die hard again yo yo bro you
good Oh
yo he always dies hard though that's
your boy handyman Greg got the
four-wheeler working I got a big heart
yes shut up pal
we're good now right we're good
oh that's the sound of greatness cut so
what's happening right now is four
wheeler rope toboggan one of us is going
to sit in the toboggan one of us is
going to drive the four wheeler and then
we're just gonna drive drift go fast go
crazy issue um yo there's not snow on
the ground there's like snow over there
but there's no snow in the driveway
we're fine right we're good
oh yeah no that was great I have blonde
hair I could serve it sometimes my
brother's jokes suck what
thing is longer there here it goes
you're making jokes for your vlog and
you're making stuff up that you normally
wouldn't say like well I'm just gonna
die hard I'm just me and I film it why
you don't think I actually die hard I
always die hard I've had to revive
myself twice well you still close to my
face I'm breathing in your
Hey
I'm not gonna be a weird brother or
anything but do you notice that when
your pee hits the ground it steams
yeah why is it steaming maybe cuz you
pee is super hot fire cuz I'm super hot
boy right there is where I feel like the
females just drop off so sorry guys if
you enjoyed my brothers I'm on the verge
of death literally I might die hard
again my cheeks are really hurting me
I'm really sick we're gonna go inside
but jake has plans for this RV tomorrow
I'm finna jump that you trying to jump
this I'm thinner
alright well tomorrow's vlog is gonna be
lit don't miss it let's go inside this
is nice bro this is like Christmas fires
way no I think that's it for today's
vlog mean we did a lot of stuff we did a
lot of steps and we murdered it someone
want to tell me why it looks like like
someone just grabbed my ass like on both
sides no say poop your pants Oh sick
sick joke guys good family stuff thank
you guys for watching the vlog that is
it today I'm sorry I was feeling a
little down little sick I hope you had
an amazing Christmas ours is very
special we got to do stuff that we'd
never get to do in Hollywood Jake had
this idea I'm stealing it from him but I
like it you know that's fine
yo I always help out the Logan yeah
that's my boy as the Christmas gift you
guys I would really appreciate if you
just give this video a big old thumbs up
that's all I'm asking for all them off
for Christmas this here is a big old
thumbs up on the video if it's too much
it's okay just you know it'd be nice
anyway
take it easy family push shut the fuck
up dog take it easy family please
it's you big bro you look so cool hey
can I get that guy's number type
situation or no none you are definitely
talented I don't know about a girl's
number though I'm afraid you
