Christmas emergencies uh-oh mavin flew
it where is it where is it where is it
where is it right there
hey y'all was poppin lo gag so here's
the deal right now my wisdom tooth is
still hurting so I can't do a lot of
mouth motions not a lot of smiling what
most of you know my parents well if you
don't know my parents are divorced this
means I celebrate Christmas on Christmas
Eve and Christmas Day
today's Christmas Eve aka we're
celebrating Christmas at my mom's house
however I managed to suck that up like
everything and sleep in it's uh say 1:00
p.m. right now actually 134 right now
1:34 p.m. this is one of the local
neighborhood kids named Pauline what's
up Jess he's got a hot mom actually I
like ally a lot of the kids in his
neighborhood got hot mom hey hope you
guys watch my vlogs make sure to hit me
up cuz okay anyways what are you doing
yo we just snapchatting me vlogging
Paulie easy with the snapchats cuz ya oh
my god yo this man's a savage and did
you guys notice I gave him my USA hat
well no I'm not I'm not giving it to you
but borrowing it you're looking great
yo its dude this is man I already knows
here put these on Joe you're bigger
savage yeah you're golden like a bronze
in the London
okay so here's why I'm outside I got
some gifts from my family for my mom she
convinced me to spend three thousand and
four hundred dollars on a bracelet you
like that mom
I do how much is this think it's three
six hundred but a badge it's a lot dude
are you telling me bro came out of my
wall that's a lot of money it's a lot of
money Danny I love my mom's gonna be
worth I think I believe in you guys
think you guys can do this 10 million
you know buy his mom a new house yo
Paulie knows guys the low gang got this
and then as far as my brother Jake what
do you think I got Jake Oh probably
something crab dude Paulie you know me
too well
it's absolute Shh I only bought Jake
baby clothes like only I bought him a
baby onesie about him baby pants and
baby sure but like they're all wrapped
in different gifts so that like five
presences maybe he'll acts like a baby
that's intro ever Paulie I said oh honey
I'm gonna need that hat back
no boy that's a girl that's my boy all
right yeah I'm gonna go inside tell your
mama so what's up hey a few moments
later Oh Christmas emergency uh-oh mavin
flew it where is it where is it where is
your Z where Oh Matt blew away this is
actually kind of really crazy dude where
is he where is he oh yeah I think it's
here oh fuck is that him
that's definitely here he's right there
he's right there you saw him yeah I
think that's him right that's his noise
no maverick you know what happened Jake
I think Taylor someone one of our
cousins had the back door open just flew
downstairs like he always does but he
just went outside
yo this sucks homie homies gone yo he's
not coming back bro yo my heart Tony I
just lost my bird on Christmas you think
he's gone yeah
go after they tell you to prank huh the
prank mavericks in the basement with mom
yo yo easy
Oh yo yo very good I hate you ro thank
you
do I need put who I was going hey mom uh
yeah mom what's up it was her idea the
whole time I'm gonna shake him down I
love you you're a whole bro Pauly bro if
you want to hit him in the stomach
anything now's the time okay no no mama
phone number good are you are you
loading or Jake Pollard's okay
no gay sounds like they're in the low
game cuz what sounds like during the low
game cuz that's all I need to hear let's
go opens new channel I don't give a damn
sign they're all low gang at the end of
the day no they just say that cuz you
put the camera on them watch watch watch
this actually I'm gonna take your camera
back yo Jake ballers or Logan and then
they'll be like Jay Paul's wrong alright
alright guys now it's my vlog Jake
Pollard's or low gang then were you in
on this mom mom yeah you wore I heard
you on the phone you is the one I don't
know I took maverick downstairs I wish
yo you guys are little evil Devils
together both wear red on Christmas Eve
homie have you written down the street I
wasn't fine he was fine now we got an
audience developing look at this is
what's happened you know one of the
neighborhood moms is here imma see if I
can get you guys a shower oh she's so
cute
get the whole girls job with the whole
security room yo I know you were in on
it why are you crossing the yard like a
hobo why'd you tell me maverick flu when
you lied to me
worst day ever have a very Merry
Christmas guys and fuck you Jake Paul my
boy you have no idea what just happened
I was pranked they took yeah they told
me you fool doobie I don't know I didn't
I didn't think was very funny
what what
not at all not funny at all my brother
has no idea about the gifts I got him we
are gonna get payback on him we don't
give it back
that's right maverick okay I'm rock
alive I'm still a little freaked out
still a little flustered but it's
Christmas time it's time to open gifts
my whole family is here mom maverick the
pair who I'm thankful is still here
cousin Taylor what's good she cousin
Sydney what's Gucci fuck you Jake ball
and Shannon how are you I'm not trying
to like brag or anything but our tree is
fire we got the gifts we got the tree we
got that guy what up guys I don't know
why basically we're killing it out here
in these streets all right Logan
leave it to Logan love mom that's great
my name is Logan I know
do you know cuz do you roll okay don't
you are these joggers whoa that is yeah
I love joggers yeah oh wow he's naked
please tell me they do you mean throw
you bro you're killing it bro yeah you
look at a total frat bro what did you
get next Oh what is it no I'm just gonna
open it what's in the box what's in the
bar yo who got you that mom yeah dude
mom yo mom you got Jake air way to go
love air oh is this for me
it's real oh yeah I love Johnny Marr is
your dumb mom - yeah what is this your
oh thanks MA yeah you're welcome
I appreciate you man easy easy what did
you just get Jake mom ugh then you
wouldn't understand yo come on mom you
gave me the same gift like a month ago I
yeah
what's your head shut up your hat says
it's a vlog thing you wouldn't
understand that's
but mom it's my thing who are you I got
to tell you what Christmas is going
interesting so far oh not the same thing
yay my brother Jake Paul just surprised
my mom with it what is would you get MA
I got a Louie Vuitton bracelet no
straight golden Jake you're a good son
yeah yeah thank you you're better son
next time I give you my gift wrap
no what do you think mom is happy what
is it get ready son you're in for a
surprise everybody ready
you bought this yes I did hey mom you're
styling your styling diamonds oh okay
can we get a close-up of your wrists
around yo you're balling right now mama
your grandma if you can cry that'd be
dope probably get a lot of sentimental
views Oh Jake as much as I love having
competitions with you wrote like we
killed it together like you look
fabulous MA yeah every different colors
yes I'm saying that's what I'm saying
mom you're rocking a sexy wrist right
now when we got you your mom you birthed
me I jump Aegina on a roll we're on a
roll right now bro I think I want to
give you one of my cassette I got you
away you got me again
got you a lot of you not gonna lie bro
yeah I'm a little sauce right now why
you don't think I'm a good brother I
just don't trust your vibrating okay
that's the face of a sauce right there
oh oh
I love it man it's just a choose from
even Debra for me for me yeah oh great
Wow dude I love it oh oh oh I got I got
you some weights you can handle them all
dude this is the best Christmas ever
thanks to my brother Logan come here bro
I got you bring it in got you
thank you thanking me this morning a
little bit what good happy Christmas
yo yo those are nice thanks guys Oh Joe
joggers are nice bro also I don't like
this Logan this is the dumbest gift ever
you want to play games Paul
okay guys all jokes aside I'm very
thankful that was an awesome Christmas I
love all the joggers I got moms he liked
the gift he got oh are you getting good
do you like to go yeah so good thank you
so much Christmas it was a good
Christmas the shoes you got me bro and
the outfit here actually I'm just gonna
show you guys I'm holding the camera
yeah yeah I'm gonna do a cool transition
I need you to spin in a circle fast Oh
once or twice just once go yo what's up
girl I haven't see you they're just
kidding yes I did really hurts to smile
right now check out this outfit like yo
mom this is actually like I feel good I
really like this sweater I really like
his bit ideally I wouldn't be wearing
white socks but sometimes it's like you
wear white socks and that's what I'm
doing cuz you look so handsome are you
okay that I did that for my vlog because
I can tell you freaking out a little bit
it's for the vlog so it's okay that's a
good vlog mom instead no mom dad hashtag
Rockman that is it for the vlog today
guys I'm sorry was a little short I was
I was you know spending time with family
I was eating food I was figuring out how
it could ruin Jake's lie and tomorrow's
vlog is gonna be a day full of savagery
going to my dad's house we're doing some
man shit I'm talking throwing spears
riding four-wheelers drifting in cars
and for the girls we're doing makeup
tutorial sick dude I will see you guys
tomorrow as per usual low gang give this
video a big ol thumbs up
take it easy family peace
that's you bitch do you like it or you
can be honest with me take it all I
don't like it one bit
you're very ungrateful you know
