oh god no oh no no no no this makes me
nervous mom Oh No
yo every man's worst nightmare the store
we are currently in oh it's so early
boom what's up Cleveland oh good man hey
see your breath oh my god it was a thief
awesome flight your boys good yo you're
good why is everyone so wait.you 6:00
a.m. yeah so my mom texted me apparently
she came to pick me up I thought I was
gonna have to take a taxi home such a
sweet lady I love my mom maverick how
was the flight bro you good you tripping
or what okay good talk you have a bird
you have a bird and I have a bird wait a
second this is amazing what kind of bird
is that neglected and I collect this
yeah
how are you allowed to walk around with
bird on shoulder I just do you just do
what would they do if we put him like
next to each other yo this is crazy
maverick has he'd never been this close
to another birds as I got him I swear to
God but weirdest things are happening in
this airport at 6:00 a.m. this is
incredible stop it maverick he's excited
he saw another bird yo I've never seen
another bird in the airport ever
yo my man see one thing he wanted to
smash that's what he's saying it's my
fault I don't I don't immerse him in the
bird culture and bird light no we're
gonna find you a mate one day maverick
and you gonna smash you a smash so hard
smash
one day I will dedicate my life to
finding a mate for maverick
how can a bird live his whole life
without finding love
maybe that makes me a bad owner yo I
know you're not a bird but will you make
love to mine I I can't do that my
husband's right there oh that's a no-go
because is it because you guys are
Merida because it's a bird or Bowl let's
go both let's go that one
I understand where's my mother ba ba ba
yo it's cold it's cold
wanna come baby I don't have one then
head over to beatings gasping mom why is
your volume so loud and were you raging
yeah
were you rating my wisdom tooth hurts
hey I have an idea all right you want to
get him out yeah I'm done all right I'm
gonna get the pliers out we get easy my
easy with those old school player jokes
home sweet home oh my god we made him up
ice skating Kennedy some bacon yeah you
can get two Big Joe awful Wow
did you get as much pleasure out of that
as you hoped you would
yeah no it's great actually pretty dope
doesn't cotton uh yeah we did that
would you think about the star of the
tree it was very black ha ha ha Oh God
everything free before you ever tried
your wings and fly away this is the
ultimate test of love we're gonna do
maverick into who do you love oh there
it is my boy loves me y'all he went
upstairs but it's dark he flies in the
walls when it's dark I wonder if he made
it in this cage maverick he made mom you
been in my room whale uh my room yo I am
Barry
surprise this is amazing like it and you
put pictures up yo yeah mom this is
awesome this room is actually cool you
know I don't live here anymore though I
was hoping you'd come back come back we
honestly come back this dis convinced me
to drop everything I've built and
accomplished in Hollywood yeah coming
back to Ohio
Oh amazing do you mean to Awful's yeah
but this why are you gonna you won no
cool cuz I'll even Bowl since I actually
have not gone to sleep since yesterday
like this whole day is kind of just
becoming like one day probably not the
healthiest thing ever but I'm gonna
smash this waffle and then go to bed and
I will see you guys when it is the light
outside so see you in a sec Bob okay
what's up guys my wisdom tooth I'm
vlogging maverick please just one second
my wisdom tooth is killing me guys like
I'm oh whoa crazy bird my mom is about
to walk in the house I'm gonna scare
gotcha bitch mom my wisdom tooth really
hurt good thing you're eating it out
tomorrow
what oh yo this bird is crazy what what
that's my nipple no oh that's a paint
gun no it's my nipple I want to suck the
milk out of his dick mom I need you I
need vlog mom to come back tomorrow
during my wisdom teeth removal that's
right mom once I get it out can I just
like hand you the camera and just go yo
yo maverick shut the scrub I'm vlogging
but yeah it can't be some booster ma
it's gotta be like you gotta be you
gotta be good like what that's good no
you I mean no you good I mean I just
like your son is gonna be on so many
drugs he can't even walk test situation
yo shut up I can't yell at him cuz it
hurts
next time I'm gonna yell shut up
oh this sucks this is rough yo what'd
you do this morning gee why being so
loud yo mom I think maverick is like
happier in Ohio I feel like I don't know
like he's just so much more vibrant here
maybe cuz this is where I grew up and
he's comfortable here and like maverick
I love you a birdie maverick Oh mom what
did you do I don't know you would think
at your age you would know how to do the
lawn what is this in my laundry Oh mom
what yo you rude ever what did you do
what is that integrated in the laundry
what the fuck fuck yeah what is this
what is this mom I don't know you have
no idea well is no look at my pig yo
you're done get your yo your pants John
what the hell is that I feel so bad
i-i've never even had a blender this bad
doing laundry wait but what is it then
again I don't do laundry so what got in
there barely one of these things
seriously is it paper
I think it's paper I was the sack
tickets a magazine I think someone some
of the People magazine that was sitting
here that's what it is it's a magazine
right Oh God
the magazine that your son made People
magazine said it here he said it there
and grab the clothes see I grabbed the
clothing and then stuck yo yo favorite
part about it is how Jake was in in
People magazine he had an article
written on him and he threw it in the
laundry hey Jake if you're watching
these vlogs mom put you in the launcher
you bitch oh you do oh okay well here
love mom logic no no no it was on the
counter and I scooped it up not knowing
what are you more upset about shredding
the article that your son mate or your
clothes honestly my clothes I have two
more and I can buy more I look at my
clothes look at David's clothes yeah
yeah he really everything oh well I have
I
have some other good news I could cheer
you up mom you folded I had to mom it
was the only way do this I feel like
you're gonna have to do that for like a
year for anything any progress to be
maybe I should put in the washer flatten
out you have some interesting
interesting theories when it comes to
washing stuff mom okay my boy I'm gonna
go shopping with my mom okay you got to
stay here hold down the fort you got it
what are you going oh no you can't come
buddy I'm sorry you can't master here
all right we'll see you in a bit buddy
bye yo this is a poor local this is
crazy ma last time I was here there was
no snow I need to make a snowball I just
wanna make a snowball got my name is
Logan I just want to make us novo come
on a lipstick it'll you huh it's been
cold
Jesus why do you live in this state
don't swear you think she's never gonna
hear us way routine like mom this place
is so festive this is amazing thank you
for taking me here mom when I was in
high school this was like the spot to
hang out with your friends man we would
eat pizza we were gift frozen yogurt
we'd get some girls numbers or not what
is it or not you don't think I smashed
huh know what son she's so right skipper
I'm afraid you what are we doing right
now we're Christmas shopping you think
dad is gonna wear that beanie no day got
my dad a gift but I didn't get my dad a
gift yet
my man's about to get shredded in the
laundry one more time you think Dad
would like like a record like for a
record player what about you MA
your DJ Khaled VIN Lyle they don't want
you to listen to DJ Kelly so you're
gonna listen the DJ no she has no idea
what any of them congratulations you
played yourself not typically like a
gift giver but yo these might be the
move
I mean yet daddy isn't he's an outdoors
guy right get him a pair of camo pants
call it a day oh oh oh wait wait he's
gonna watch his vlog right yeah edit
that hmm or maybe I just leave it in and
dead can you just act surprised that'd
be dope Thanks
this is my concern my I knew I'd come in
and to start Christmas shopping for
myself I want to pay I gotta stop being
such a greedy asshole
yeah like dude all these pants are dull
but Jesus I got a disease someone
stopped me they look big in the crotch
aka perfect for you boy my gotta stop
making inappropriate jokes around my mom
this selfie fan it's a selfie Padma ha
ha yeah exactly yeah just like that yeah
just yeah okay chill chill chill chill
yo yo yo it's just technology kids I'm
definitely getting this but but not for
you I'm gonna keep it myself I went into
the changing room son and I put on these
joggers yo these are sexy he's a dope
huh you're so comfy all right we're
definitely eating these but for me not
for anyone else Oh yo you're a hero gk1
says about you I made a mistake MA what
and getting this pretzel dog it's gonna
look super sexual but like it her stuff
Oh
bah I hurt so wrong I know but just
wisdom tooth is killing me Mom you want
us on the train
we're what what this tiny little train
right here goodbye Jane I should have
been on you that's what she said yeah
can we walk through the center of this
and be romantic and with your mom yeah I
mean it won't be like that I'll be just
like a cool like artsy thing I go put
some nice Christmas music and I
apparently have a starter now so that's
cool
Oh
you know standing into these lights
right now just makes me realize I think
I love you
you think I think I'm not sure you
better get the only reason it's like not
a hundred percent wait how can I say it
is
titties what what it will make the cut
fix nope won't make the cut
puberty that might make the cut all gone
oh oh no no no no this makes me nervous
mom oh no yo every man's worst nightmare
the store we are currently in oh my god
no there's so many expensive things here
my worst nightmare bro it's expensive
it's expensive
I can barely buy my own clothes how am I
gonna buy you a piece of jewelry I'm
gonna help you my worst nightmare he's
pointing out the most expensive stuff 60
grand that's all I mean I love you mom
but like 60 grand love that's a lot of
love dawg okay listen guys I'm gonna
need your help I need you to share this
video I need this video to get at least
what ten million views ten million views
so I can afford some jewelry for my mom
guys please please I just like I don't
know how what the standard is for
picking out jewelry you look and see
something that you think I would you
would like me well I like you don't look
at that
oh snap that doesn't good on you like
that Mar I do how much is this think
it's three six hundred but a bag put it
back nah not about that gold and silver
vagina cookies this is me yeah the
buckle yeah that is actually dope that's
though haha my man's getting that slang
down Oh gain good that's cocaine son go
that's a methamphetamine how much is
this doesn't really matter
yeah does it really matter what a night
hundred mm well here's a little even
more than ten thousand oh my now they
have thirteen thousand dollars on your
wrist like do you feel better as a
person yeah alright well feel much
better if you buy it fit yeah mm-hmm
you'll feel better bye bye for everyone
yeah totally win-win everyone wins wins
that's great mom got distracted they got
meatballs over here well my mom's
shopping I'm gonna get some meatballs
don't forget guys 10 million views and I
can afford my mom some jewelry I'm a
savage so I'm gonna get two meatballs
with one pic here we go oh my goodness
gracious
hey would it what is what so what are
you talking about right here a yellow
diamond big pear this one right here
that one right there is how much
sixty-three thousand one hundred and
seventy dollars I'll take three put him
in the bag I'll take three like it all
three ahh
one for me one for Jake one for dead
sorry ma I'm kind of getting uh as far
away from them as I can and actually
found something that might help out the
situation a little bit check it out they
got booze they got alcohol this is good
stuff I think about get hammered it'll
take my mind off of what's happening
here okay ma I'm gonna need you to do a
bounce for a second but not coz I'm
gonna get you anything and surprise you
no no don't get excited meandher gonna
rip some shots we'll talk to you later
she's going to trying to take shots yeah
I'll take the most expensive did you
like I don't think I can tell the people
cuz my mom's gonna watch this vlog okay
guys don't forget to share this vlog ten
million views and I can get my mom's
jewelry please i'ma put the camera down
it's got to be surprised shut up and
take my money
good bye thank you both the only cheeks
are so red I know my gosh
whoo here's the thing it's not that I
don't like like buying gifts for people
I've just never in my life spent more
than like a thousand dollars on a gift
for someone so like breaking out of that
comfort zone for the first time oh sorry
I'm having anyways we are back at home
in Ohio yo it's good to be back baby
that is it for the vlog today guys thank
you for watching us sure something what
look see the shower here look look
that's what a college graduate looks
like my best friend kindergarten wait a
second you graduated college college
graduate must be nice I have a question
for you yeah are you aware that your dad
is performing surgery on me tomorrow
morning
that is that is the bestest okay
operating on my wisdom teeth you didn't
know that bill asked you up no that's
gonna say if your dad if your dad
something up Mac I'm gonna be pissed bro
like our friendship is in jeopardy dad
dad what totally help you that is it
thank you guys for watching do not
forget to subscribe you're not a part of
your shut up and I'm logging map I will
see y'all tomorrow it's gonna be a good
video your wisdom teeth oh my god take
it easy bamboo
it's you big tub I'm Jake Paul my
daughter's gonna meet you but there's no
way to talk to you these guys yeah you
guys on the vlog what's up
I'm kidding by the way I am most of all
I got you so good someone stop this man
oh my gosh
