we have 30 minutes to shoot a music
video yeah I come on said this guy
didn't even finish the song yet we're
working on it
hey good morning low game wha I did it
again guys I did it again it is a 1 2
p.m. yo I was up late last night I was
getting it I was dancing and shit I'm a
bitch my face is swollen and not because
I'm sick it's because my wisdom tooth
barrel wishing to come okay yeah I got
ah it's coming in back there and I need
to get it removed so I'm doing that yo
yeah I'm gonna make a wisdom tooth
removal video not today it's happy which
it is if it is ones the weight if it's
if it today's Wednesday that means I get
my set tomorrow I have to get it removed
so I'm actually flying back to my home
state of Ohio a little Oh Ohio a little
of Ohio rather can I do that a little
earlier than usual
um I was flying back anyways for the
holidays but you are blogging bro give
me a break but could this be enjoy what
what what what's up bro are you naked
bro yes
anyway I'm pumped for that not not
necessarily like the surgery and getting
my wisdom teeth out but the video I
think I'm just gonna hand my mom the
camera and be like yo mom go be free
with the vlog life you guys remember
vlog mom yo she's in seventh dammit also
last night I tried to eat some noodles
and then I failed make some ramen oh
that's real good what I'm a winner son I
don't quit that eat so I went in there
and I made round two delicious so yo
yeah I think it's really funny
yesterday's vlog it's a movie it's like
it's my it was my hundredth log and we
put so much effort into it like I was
shooting for like 14 hours one of my
favorite vlogs that released on this
channel son I'm gonna be watching that
when I'm 80 so if you haven't seen it go
watch give it a big ol thumbs up but
it's funny how you go from that to this
I'm sorry welcome to the low gang yeah
and then as far as what's happening
today I'm recording a song in the studio
thread son of me you guys no man can
kind of hit those notes
it's a 2016 year in review comedy song
so that's gonna be dull and enough of me
talking in my living room with no one in
here except some love sex in the savage
tree let's go say what's up to my boy
member that's my boy hi how are you good
good where you going cuz I'm coming with
you I'm going back up okay I'm coming
with you Ohio tonight cuz well going
back down high I'm coming with you I
know he doesn't like his cage I don't
with Steve me I don't love this
situation maverick I don't love how
you're building a nest and then like I
don't know if yours
Oh easy son Jesus are you trying to
attack me come watch watch he's gonna
try exactly look at him scheming I'm
scheming son what you gonna do I don't
love this situation never I see you're
building nests under here you're making
me look like a freakin hoarder my bird
is still weird dude I am take a shower
get cleaned up okay so I'm showered I'm
ready to go except yo I feel like tired
like I don't know if it's like my face
cuz the puffy wisdom to thing but like I
gotta get my like vocals going cuz I
gotta sing later me May my mom okay I
slowly but surely we're getting there
anyways it's time to pack to go to aisle
so that's what I do now but as soon as I
threw the bag down I forgot I'm in the
middle of doing laundry so I have no
clothes to pack for Ohio ah shut up on
vlogging Cosley yeah I don't know what
to do I hate laundry I gotta wait for
the laundry to get done after much
consideration I've decided that the next
best option is to give food one of my
major theories in life is when in doubt
eat also I got this in this in this
morning in there I got this in the mail
this morning I got this in the mail this
morning you know what is it what could
this possibly be do vault I forgot my
mom also wanted me to bring her a little
closer of the thinning so mom I'm gonna
take this out for you oh no these are
actually these are kind of big they're
gonna get crumpled in my in my suitcase
I know they are oh god I'm sorry mom I
love you anyways let's see what's in
this thing
no idea what this is you guys are gonna
come here see it with me do okay what we
got what what is this dude oh my god I
need two hands for this this is big oh
my god no it's a popcorn maker look at
this thing it's a Roosevelt pop what the
visa oh yeah I was tough I don't know
who sent me this I have no idea or even
what I'm gonna do with it unfortunately
I'm hungry I don't have time to clean
all this stuff up oh I'll be back in a
week don't get it done he came over to
get food with me boy what is this oh why
apparently ice cream do you you don't
know Roosevelt popper Roosevelt popper
himself cuz they dropped it with a
delivered Oh Oh easy guys what the fuck
is that yes oh my popcorn machine is
dented that's a good discovery on your
part I don't know why is that people
dropping my spot whoever sent me this
popcorn machine first off why second off
thank you no what is happening around
what are you doing woody you're vlogging
I don't know you know this vlog life
though what's good long because I'm at
101 son what's the vlog about how long
you're gonna teach people how to vlog
although you've never vlog before not
you would have known this blog life I
don't know the law
hi that's what I'm saying to you yeah
well believe in me I mean I I do believe
in you yo I believe in this girl what's
your name Irina Irina your channels
gonna blow up
nothing warms my heart like seeing a
young blogger out here in Hollywood yeah
that'd be dope if she actually if she
blows up and then I like well I
technically had discovered her you know
what I'm saying like it's whatever
that's my boys my guy
rappers corrected boy arepas caracas
boys yeah that's my boy I but I'm going
to eat bye have a good day okay yo I
don't know what the deal is but it's
like eerily quiet and warm and not windy
here and Hollywood like I'm kind of
losing my mind cuz what's going on hey
are you snapchatting me it's not fine
are you snapchatting me vlogging or
snapchat yo you're a savage cuz what
what say it what your what your how can
you just leave me hanging like that
you're you're a lot more savvy there it
is there this record for ah ah nothing
I'm not gonna post it I'm definitely
looks closed no it's good vibes today
like I don't know what it is a baby it's
the sky or the weather some but just
means I'm gonna slay the studio session
oh my god I'm so ready
all singing savagery aside I am starving
like I need to get food in my stomach
before I pass out and die on the floor
here this is ours oh my god there's not
a single human being on planet earth who
loves chocolate chip cookies more than
me and on that note it's time for me to
go bro I got I gotta catch a studio
session you gotta start singing gotta
hit those notes because I miss you
Georgie you're my favorite Assyrian
you're pretty cool too Sam I don't I
don't know if you're Syrian though I
might just be being racist anyways I
love you guys Oh
saying goodbye sucks man like I'm not a
happy chopped right now then again I got
my chocolate chip cookie in my
hoverboard
I think I am pretty happy you know I
actually take that back might not be so
happy cuz uh my studio session starts in
ten minutes I'm nowhere near being ready
I gotta eat this chicken sandwich still
I got a pack I got to do my laundry
yo this sucks and by the way who sent
this popcorn machine
Roosevelt popper actually wait a second
I think I know who might have sent it
did you send me the popular machine no
it's a great idea yo yeah yeah Roosevelt
poppers Oh what are you fighting I love
you yo thanks for Senators but yo my dad
is amazing okay so I'm kind of unlike
speed mode right now because I'm late
like I said I got no time for some fufu
she's got to do a long
impact let's go do Disney this up me I
can show the world we can go why am i
sweating I'm doing laundry and packing
make me sweat little bit of an issue but
no worry son what's next um yo shut up
scar from a vlogging girl developing
pants cuz I'm sweating so much but also
need to change into this yes I'm aware
it is the same outfit as yesterday you
did not need to comment that the issue
is that we're also shooting yo yo I'm
about to kill you bro real talk we're
also shooting the music video for the
song today in this show I'm gonna cut
your skin little bird dick off for
shooting the music video for the song in
the studio and I figured this is a
little bit more like music video ask
clothing I don't know okay I need a good
I just walked upstairs notice a little
bit of a problem here
I'm so sorry you know I love you but
this I mean look at the size of this and
then look how packed my bag is already
mom mom I don't Lea can take the posters
hmm I'm gonna happen I'm gonna fold it I
guess mom I'm so sorry I gotta for I
have to fold it my look at the size oh
no I'm so sorry mom I'm so sorry mom Oh
God okay get up out of here
hi how are you you mind if I do some
vocal warm-ups great me may Maw mow Moo
may mom um I gotta get my voice warm you
know
goodbye thanks for letting me sing to
you it's go time baby for the next uh
three hours I'm a singer I think this is
it looks really Shady
Oh Oh in here I'm in the red spot
yo knuckle touch me with this hoverboard
ah that's my boy oh wow it looks shady
outside this is dope this is this is
vibey dude what did you call it it's
Cuddy what does that mean it's like you
know it's like cool and like with King
honey yeah okay I don't know so we're
definitely gonna tear it up in here yeah
yeah this will be torn up this is the
studio where's the light for this oh
yeah it's gonna be bomb son hell yes
fire will be recorded in here here at
melrose sound Los Angeles and Logan is
gonna record a rap song about 2016
am i rapping you're rapping singing
doing it okay dodo oh this is the beat
this to be Logan is going into the booth
right now someone stop this man I don't
I don't think I'm gonna need auto-tune
dare I say I don't need no auto-tune
sign that guy someone stop this man oh
yo I don't know how it look like but in
here I sound like a champ dude Logan you
sound great
oh yeah
can we tell you kid something I've been
in this booth recording these songs and
it's hot it's hot had in the booth but
also the beat is hot and I'm wrong yo
how we supposed to shoot the video for
this I'm sweating my ass up and there's
gonna be a disaster thing like a
10-minute break we get honest wit oh god
it's I don't sing often like this is
like exercising a muscle and I'm I'm
getting sore really quickly I think my
videographer is here good mom yeah well
gee what up what up what up what up guys
it's rice let me do the idea what run me
through the idea I don't have much time
yeah dog I don't know guy calls me like
two hours ahead ago we should be a music
with it I'd say like light the space and
then just we're gonna rock what we like
this face won't get a second virtual
yeah I'd like to do that or did I get a
hold of songs not done haha dragon is
light it light it we got the hit ready
to go can we also finish the second
firstly in the bridge yo like I'm just I
got I'm going to a higher than I needed
to get this done yo this is the most
bougie ass music video ever but it's
still gonna be here week ago Logan was
like Jay do you think we have time
before I have to make a brand new hit
single yeah there's gonna be a one-hour
music video shoot yo that's sexy bro my
man went in with this train track thing
yeah Joe is getting nervous my god how
Logan shoot yo we have me like two hours
you know before we have 30 minutes to
shoot a music come on said this guy
didn't even finish the song yet we're
gonna check this out we got the camera
crew in the house hey Logan on the
monitor looking amazing bro whoa
shredded okapi are you so common vocal
under the music video yeah it's still
working you look like exactly shut up
just raise it literally tracking the
song at the same time I'm here cuz I got
to make a flight I gotta go to Ohio keep
my wits to thousands go
yeah no no one shot quick ordering an
uber while we were shooting the last
shot oh boy here we go
a few moments later no goodbye guys
savage work today this isn't a dude I'm
gonna miss my flight
I'm on my way to my apartment just gonna
I'm gonna run and grab my stuff and my
mom okay arrivals were embarrassing me
in front of all these people I can see
the light oh what a crazy day I'm about
to board the flight we made it we did it
I guess that's it for the vlog guys I'm
signing off in the middle of an airport
maverick can you say goodbye for me bad
burn I love you guys I will see you
tomorrow in Ohio thank you for watching
as always everyone's staring at me whoa
can I get a picture with you wait wait
can you say describe to the low gang I
need to end my I need to end my vlog
sure subscribe to the okay down boy I
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
peace means
