yo what's up low gang it's Thanksgiving
yeah Happy Thanksgiving my family is
here we got one cousin hiding behind
this flower thing we got another cousin
right there
we got an uncle right there but I was
amazing to talk about my boy
maverick Tibet how you doing look man
lost a tooth last night oh no your
daughter lost it too because the
Caroline lost a tooth last night commit
I didn't know this still happens yeah
that's worth 20 price who is it two
three gonna come you think the tooth
fairy's didn't come give you money wow
this is really something but you have
satified hey easy maverick I just caught
you red-handed chewing on my cable easy
birdies okay so here's a little update I
don't know what what happened okay so
I'll flash back to last night hey guys
mom can you tell these people what time
it is like 425 425 em have I got to bed
yet
no no cuz I'm editing the vlog why am I
doing this though can you please your
wife is the one that Ohio Wi-Fi boom
boom okay I love you ma why are you up
cuz I'm going to Florida to visit David
Laos Buddhist Thanksgiving I know you
have to be thankful for those new life
but you're leaving my life right now
thanks giving Yeah right have you take
scary yo let me tell you something kids
this vlog like is no joke no joke and I
did not end up going to bed until 6:51
a.m. and I have not even gone to bed yet
it's Thanksgiving I'm gonna be freaking
falling asleep on the turkey bro this is
a disaster man let me tell you get
something dis vlog life
this ain't no joke bro they say no joke
anyways back to you future Logan thanks
Paz Logan I appreciate you but you know
what kids I made the sacrifice
hey I'm vlogging I'm vlogging please
give me what I'm vlogging you
I made this sacrifice when I started
vlogging I said to myself I look myself
in the mirror in my hat sideways I said
Logan you're gonna sacrifice your
well-being your health and everything
for your fans I did it bro
ideas right my boy that's right last
night was a prime example of that like
today's Thanksgiving it's 2 p.m. I just
woke up my family needs me I was about
to say I want to make that joke but you
ate a form thanks give me the one
without you can wait woman they don't
need me turkey balls you mr. turkeys
over it's over
currently at my mom's house cuz this is
where I was editing last night you you
boo-boo ass Wi-Fi in Ohio but I'm
spending our Thanksgiving in my dad's
house I'm gonna go get our cleaned up
blah blah okay cool transition here we
go all right so we're on our way to my
dad's house in the sleigh baby
he gives me rings like your lugs we're
all waiting on you oh boy I mean let's
be honest party don't start until the ex
vine star turns up right right
Thanksgiving has been lit so far it's 3
p.m. I took a shower this bunny are we
gonna show up we're gonna blow up and
we're gonna get we're here party has a
rock what are you laughing at you lost a
tooth get out of my face be on the block
I made the vlog Oh congratulate us my
Uncle Jesse Jesse my dad's brother yeah
uncle Gino the whole squad is here at
Raths brother dad's brother I got a
brother oh you gotta run guys a cha cha
good to see that you made it wrong yo
the party has arrived let's turn hum
yeah I got I got my wall dude in here
take care Ian he am to know you
oh snap no big yo wait are you helping
us with the internet yes dogs up dog I
was up till 7 a.m. editing and trying to
upload you're on the vlog bro what's up
heck yeah
dude I am a big video is nothing mama
what yeah yeah that's crazy when I sit
in my bin and a board I'm like I got you
yo that's my boy do this crazy so you're
gonna help me to make content for you to
enjoy and watch yeah this is not strong
do you love the Thanksgiving just to
come help
you know yeah why are you here hey I'm
volunteer tonight this is actually
really cool turnout
oh that's so dope Oh bro of course I'd
be disappointed if we did it I'm taking
Carrie that's what I do all right yeah
you know eggs even dope that's what I do
for you bro that's my dad Happy
Thanksgiving you big galoot okay cool
talk to you later we got the whole squad
Ian do they know that the heat has
arrived back yeah yeah you guys we're
not turning up no you went through
puberty we went through puberty hard and
up chill why all my cousin's going
through puberty yeah on puberty or Sara
Lee this is little Evelyn what is this
what is this wait a second this is this
is for Buzard work my brother's show on
Disney there's not me this is kind of
awkward okay oh you through it that's my
girl that's what I'm talking about yeah
yeah
screw Jake Paul yeah no chill no way on
that 20 megabytes per second that's
right feel a log dad taking care you
last Yeah right
yo by the way why did you I gave her up
Jake Falls poster she said she loves
Jake she didn't know who you were yeah
who said hey hey Evelyn is that true
who's better Jake or Logan no she she
didn't dump did you'd come in looking
for you but she also well that's all I
need here cuz I'm good what am i doing I
just draw whatever okay okay
okay cool I'll draw something
okay I do something I do something damn
y'all have fun with your game up you're
drawing me right now she's so focused
you're drawing a picture as the of me is
it of me or I for me or both I can't see
for me oh it looks like a clown that
doesn't look like me what do you drive
yeah that looks like a block man yo
what's up bro easy
yo easy with the hair oh I have hair but
that's a lot of yo I got a question for
you what do you want to be when you grow
up not an artist I hope right oh she's
like she's done with ya know just come
from my heart like thank you thank you
oh she is it's time to eat yeah it's go
time
oh my gosh wait a second look at this
food I'm gonna put some intense music
and show you guys what I'm looking at
cuz all amazing
Oh yo this smash is so real right now
are you smashing ah cool smash wait wait
a second what's a go for the girlie uh
is doing our Internet I just gave him
some pecan pie are you sure this is a
shake but anything else yo are you
hungry oh I ate before I came
Dawg if you're hungry give the word I
got you sweetie pecan pie and homemade
wine where the peaches grow since my
house is not much to talk I just I do
things are happening right now ah Evelyn
is drinking wine that's one thing who
did that check up why does she have as
much food on her plate as I do this is
it interesting girl hey that was so good
your ayats who must whoever have a food
I can have a food baby
oh yeah no cameras no Carol I'm just
kidding I was gay I hate the paparazzi
well she's out yo easy easy you can't
take the dog's bed he's gonna eat you
alive he's a beast he's a savage Evelyn
what did you have to show me now what is
this again what is this from my
brother's show on Disney see no you
gotta do it you gotta do a little better
than that yeah that's pretty good
that's pretty good oh whoa
Wow
you
Oh baby what do you have right now no it
looks it looks creepy I don't like it I
don't like a dog dog Vegas Vegas Vegas
got you a gift
yeah I got you gifting it's yours you
got a baby take what's yours I'll get it
take my chips because thank rich people
gets a dog go get the dog
take it Vegas again you know take my
baby and get to the dog okay sorry I
should growling I mean now that's weird
oh wow tell me you have not seen your
family in this exact same position after
everyone's just ko to food babies you're
a good job for you three for standing
I'm impressed
I don't think I could be standing right
now yo you're so beautiful but can you
got my shot cuz you're ruining things
I'm just kidding Evelyn I'm just kidding
whoa whoa he's easy he's easy with the
baby doll I'm just warming up me back my
nice warm house fire although I think my
back is on fire she's had it if it isn't
a staple of Thanksgiving meal the
pumpkin hi I am so full like I am
unhealthily full but I'm still gonna
shove one of these in my stomach can't
see because that's what you do a peg
skip it yo creamy bro someone creamy bro
I hate myself right now I am have a
 stop I get longer god I'm almost
done I'm almost done
what you saying I need to take you back
to California you're funny I could make
you faint I'm the next vine star yo what
up bro I'm just vlogging why you upside
down there we go I just want to say
what's up but I have this little girl
here who won't stop talking about what
stop talking about you bro
haha okay look she's got the poster bro
that's you take okay that's enough Jake
I think I'll talk to you later buddy
so we're here we're testing the internet
speed my man you hooked it up bro yes
that's my boy oh yeah bro 20 megabytes
per second already another word we're
buenas noches oh okay there it is okay
yeah now that we have you just said hi
again this dope that we have good
internet speed you want to go outside
and do some dares yes hi okay you hear
her let's let's give a mere little girl
we got a zoo dares what's taking you so
long I've been waiting oh you brought a
notepad we're gonna draw you need help
okay here go okay it's stuck in I got it
I got I got there we go
later on oh there you go there you go
how do you know what we're doing okay
we're gonna I can use my super cat jumps
to get up there but then again yeah but
then I'll be down here you can't leave
me behind like that cuz I don't have
super cat jumps all I have is white boy
chicken leg jumps so I was thinking we
can get a high enough ladder and I can
do my super jumps and you can just climb
ladders oh don't you think it'd just be
easier to just pick a different dere
maybe
are you going are you going wait what
are you doing yo this girl's on some
drugs wrong they start doing that heroin
at a young age nowadays what you got for
me
oh yeah Leif I don't want any drugs
I'm not sure another one is another one
another one another day another day
another one stop it and another one what
did you just say car you want to jump
off a moving car yo your daughter's
crazy she's crazier than I am
jump off a moving car wait don't put in
me I taking your house I don't do that
you guys a play some football something
semester finish close enough how many
touch me does it fixing room touch me
pics I'm going on but I'm a beast
someone stop me it was the father's
Baba's boss like you're still on about
the moving car jump it's gonna be open
okay when the cars going real fast I'll
be like
I am huh that's not a complete sentence
you're missing an article a I am a cat
okay girl I for totally forgot
gee I actually wish again I could take
advantage of this moment gee you are L
are you sure about that damn is she's
onto me run to me as fast as you can
this is cat lady whoa that's crazy yo
you peeing right now please don't be
peeing please tell me where you do just
pee and run from the scene okay cool
that was a fun game we play talk to you
later I have this idea maybe maybe you
should vlog for me you want to become a
vlogger you could do it all you have to
do is hold the camera and then see this
you pointed out your face and then you
just talk here hold the camera now you
got to hold the cam yep and stop quoting
my brother's show if you could that'd be
great here you go stop oh wait you have
to say other stuff to hear it up oh no I
say something else
hi talk about your dad talk about the
weather hi here you go why are you only
saying two things you're dope but if you
keep mentioning my brother's show I'm
gonna throw you out the window
no yeah yeah you know camera I'm gonna
keep on my string span and I'm gonna
keep on mentioning things about it is
brother cuz I'm I'm Loggins but I'm
brother so so he can throw me out the
window hey you're that log line do you
want to know this or does she know it is
haha this is so cool your professional
vlogger Wow yeah you might know this
Andrew turning the camera on me no she's
a natural
you see what's happening she's I'm
hands-free and she's turning the camera
around
what else do you okay here we go just do
you guys know Academy right now I'm
filling my Engel this little girl's
Jason your health
are you planning your own girl or your
curse I am the best dancer so vote
Evelyn or you'll be sure she's done I'm
coming pulling the plug you had way too
much wine then at dinner see to give me
look like too much wine impossible
tell them to LIKE and subscribe like and
subscribe sick I'm relaxed right now
with Evelyn Jill actually not with us
she's like kind of next to me I don't
have a choice don't let this food
digests and we're gonna measure my
biceps the top of your ears I think I
was 16 and you're just on it I was just
under right but yeah come on baby come
on baby give me that seventeen seventeen
seventeen you see right cuz I'm a black
Oh cousin McCloskey 2.0 oh that's my
poor good to see you guys next have my
waiver
ah can I have a hug goodbye one big hug
for dick ball oh there it is one final
hug for uncle Jake
goodbye sweetheart all right good hangs
you know how do I get a little girl
myself like I want it I want a little
girl like that I'm gonna in the
description box below there any females
out there trying to have a little girl
with me I'm just kicking up Thanksgiving
over is this no but it's just start it's
just hard again oh yeah what do we
do bro huge stakes give me the big
thanks yeah thanks but well you know
about that 17.5 hey do need a little tan
though I think you catching up to the
rock oh you're doing the rock Johnson my
guy watch yeah hey Dwayne he's coming
for your boy yo watch right Anna he's
come with us I'm saying seven eight
years for you sexiest man alive so when
I'm 28 since I'm 21 now I'm 28 I'll get
sexiest man alive is what you're saying
yeah I'm sane 20 okay okay i'ma go i'ma
go call ya all right all right on that
note thank you for watching the vlog
today guys Evelyn is such a cutie man
like literally literally I'm that note
thank you for watching the blog ha sorry
I'm so full and just content right oh
yeah one thing I think I should address
um I had three wisdom teeth and one of
them came in already this one right here
is coming in so it's really starting to
hurt uh yes sometimes like smiling like
this look at the end my vlogs like hey I
might have to get a remove the problem
is the surgery like takes a week I don't
know if I can find a week and blah blah
blah but if I do I you can bet your ass
that is gonna be one entertaining vlog
I'm gonna smile like this one on thank
you guys for watching again I will see
you tomorrow do not forget to subscribe
oh my god something put me in take it
easy little gangsters peace
no joke no joke and I did not end up
going to bed until is miss pre-recorded
content don't make sense in the edit
