I gotta ride this giant buttercup so
today is a very special day it is
currently 7:30 in the morning which is
way too early for me but I got the day
started right with the workout it's
pretty early I didn't want to wake
anyone up so I made sure to stay quiet
anyways here's what is happening today
ok so currently we are here in Atlanta
right so I have not been able to tell
you guys about this because well it's
secret today I am flying home to Ohio
got my Ohio shirt on to surprise my dad
I have never done this before I'm really
excited and he's gonna be pumped to see
me I I think hopefully I think my dad
loves me so yeah it's gonna be dope I
got to bring my bird back on the plane
last time we had a little bit of an
issue with that
no matter I think we got to figure it
out this - so without further ado let's
go to Ohio this is not one of my
favorite parts of traveling I have to
get my bird maverick in this little cage
and he doesn't really like it
I got cashews maverick got cashews won't
ya aha Oh God need to catch you and they
go in the cage sorry buddy I'm sorry
maverick you'll be free soon I promise
no eat the cashew don't drop it yet
another road trip for Logan and maverick
except this oh jesus that was laughing
easy boy easy it's cold outside maverick
ok yo thanks bro I also got this little
parrot here but I'll make I'll make sure
it doesn't bite you you comfy maverick
you good okay doke goodbye Atlanta I'll
be back
soon I think hopefully you ever have
someone hang out your window before yeah
this is the first time I'm actually
going home to surprise my dad perfect
for Thanksgiving he has no idea it's got
hope is going to be good take it easy
bro thank you okay so this time we were
a little smarter we chose an airline
that allows Birds on the plane ha ha I'm
learning easy boy
hello I'm going to Ohio see Ohio I can't
give it to you cuz he's mine he's
beautiful
say hi maverick bad burn average you got
an audience bro the other audience my G
I did it right this time baby when you
plan ahead you don't have to sneak your
bird under the plane it's great mom I'm
just blogging my life we're always
ducking out afraid me too
this is the room it does smell like
bacon an easy boy easy
maverick easy mere maverick oh my gosh
I'm jealous I love bacon like bacon I
love bacon he was big to see he says
already saying it oh yeah oh you can't
read this up Dennis I'm a vlogger blah
yeah I don't think you would know this
vlog life ducking out ahead I need to
meet you
oh we're good yeah good bye thanks for
not taking my bird
is cold and Cleveland I was warming here
but outside it was cold so we're driving
through the streets of my hometown it's
a little suburb outside of Cleveland
called Westlake and looked like I'm
losing my mind here I grew up in these
streets
oh not like industry I had a house and
stuff but like I haven't been here in a
year it's good to be back anyways the
first stop to know you're all thinking
like why are you going right now or if
you're not thinking that maybe I'm just
a pretentious asshole or stop is not my
dad's house I'm gonna make a little pit
stop Eddie and a very special someone's
house who I think you guys know is my
sweet sweet mother look I yet what's
your head shut up your hat says it's a
vlog thing you wouldn't understand yo yo
shut up yo man boy oh my god oh wow
such a happy family seeing them happy
makes me happy like the old days ma this
is crazy
oh my gosh baby no heart no hobby and by
the way let's talk about this for a sec
yeah this is not what I say like you got
both wrong so that I can do that's becak
you did I say that vlog life
oh yeah it's a plug thing I don't see
you wouldn't understand closin up hey I
say you wouldn't know this you wouldn't
know this vlog life you could change it
to this the best I could do that's all
you wouldn't understand
probably novel let's let maverick out he
needs to flap his wings like a good bird
hey go buddy be free oh you got
something on your stomach bro oh that's
embarrassing
he's a bath right now maverick flew all
the way upstairs right to his old cage
he knows yo this is crazy
wait a second this is my old room oh my
god
my posters are gone
why'd you take my poster cuz I'm gonna
paint I want you to paint you're not an
artist I can't pay anything no here it
is I only make videos to approve the
team power you draw a dick on the wall
no can I judge like on the wall I'm
rummaging through my old stuff I found
my high school yearbook yo I'm so
excited to look through this here's the
yearbook this is our whole entire senior
class and just so you guys know like
even what kind of kid I was in high
school I'm right here facing the
opposite direction that everyone else is
yeah yeah yeah I'm different oh I can't
do the football page there I am looking
the other way yeah oh my god you're
looking the other way
what'd I do ma I are gonna go out of
breakfast date and then discuss how
we're gonna surprise my dad didn't it
turn in it what are you doing
dinner yeah oh you ran into the car I'm
okay so we made it to breakfast the
smash is real I'm eating this but also
this and some of this too let's talk
about the task at hand trying to
surprise
No yeah I wanted to scare this you
wanted to scare like good I brought the
coleslaw there wasn't be planning my
question is like he's had heart attack
like you're a nurse you think he's gonna
have our kitchen no I don't think so
no I've seen it I've seen it people
scared their grandma's died on the spot
no no chance dude let's go get some
coleslaw I'm running the house and go
I'm rather close
why do you want to use all this for
Thanksgiving right pumpkin pack I
brought to buy a weenie pumpkin pies
yeah or coleslaw can we get a pecan pie
one pecan pie I got one pecan pie I have
a pecan pie kind of guy thank you ma'am
not all heroes wear capes I appreciate
you I got you it surprise son we have to
find your dad okay I think we just go to
his house we show up let's go let's just
do it what do you make what do you think
okie dokie okie go keep on
I think he's home I think he's home all
right
let's take a left into this neighborhood
eating the pie yeah okay I got the pie I
got myself that's pretty much all I need
okay so I'm going to the woods right now
we used to play in these woods when we
were younger and there's no windows on
the side of the house haha
breaking into my house window right
there he's not the cards
everything man everything's good for
sure I'm back home dude what is going on
Nepal boys are back home on this you
whole like hey we're gonna get divorced
and ruin Logan's childhood that thing
made this very hard for me like you've
loved it because you go y'all I'm gonna
beat your ass dead s the whole day just
hold this camera with your dog's ass hey
yo yo Oh mark you I wanted to scare you
but I was afraid you'd have a heart
attack no I appreciate that water guy
did you save Ogden oh we got ya
vlog it vlog dad walk dance log dog dog
mom
yeah pull this you're good dog roll oh
boy and then do you guys have another
son right yes yeah where's he Paul oh
wait he didn't did he he didn't come
home because maybe he doesn't love you
as much as me well it's true but your
mom always says she likes Jake better
than you yeah no I do not tell RC you
shouldn't both equally I love them both
equally
oh are you sure your fingers across she
doesn't see your fingers one say this is
it I love you both equally I'm bleeding
cross your toes there's a cop at the
door there's a cop at the door
I wanted to saw me creeping there's a
car going back and forth here ha ha ha
that's what you get for driving back and
forth not I told you we can't do this we
don't know that we look like stalkers
when we do that do you like the pie that
I got you I love this crying you don't
I got it for you now yeah I know that
you made yourself
I made that by myself no for you okay so
dad mom is making me leave right now
we're gonna go surprise grandma where's
yep month a rehab center yeah
listen you see we allowed to give her
digs no hmm go make a quick stop
somewhere tomorrow I'm spending
Thanksgiving at your house with all the
cousins I want to ride the four-wheeler
I want to measure some wanna break some
laws we're gonna shoot guns can we make
this happen
yeah we got chicks guns okay I got a
firefighter comes oh yeah it's gonna
Crisco
goodbye day I love you but you're out if
I go in here real quick uh just fucked
like I don't know the condoms or
something on them but I get some
cigarettes is the first time I life I've
ever bought cigarettes
Marty buying cigarettes for my grandma
she's in the hospital figured she need a
little reboot you know if they have fun
um they didn't have any condoms so I got
these cigarettes and said I guess yo I
feel so sleazy buying cigarettes weird
I've met I realized I've never bought
cigarettes kids I do first off don't
smoke cigarettes and if you do smoke
cigarettes stop smoking cigarettes okay
we're going to visit
hey honey you're on the vlog hi hi how
are you
not real well obviously well you look
great and yeah right in your hair you
flawless yeah you lie when Wallace again
no no I oughta come by I'm not an actor
I brought you some some so smokes I got
you some good he goes we're watching my
roommate marks vlog where he surprised
his parents and and this is how his dad
reacted Hey oh yeah our mark this is the
for you just never seen my father
Hey
a
oh man you seem really happy to see okay
I'm done
goodbye grandma might enjoy the cigs
ahead okay little gang that is it for
today's vlog I'm exhausted guys probably
something to do with that 4:30 a.m. work
but no matter my mom you give me energy
are you doing out what do we have for
dinner we're having fish tacos chicken
tacos tacos doc was that boy a local
someone stop this woman thank you guys
for watching it is good to be back in
Ohio with my family I love these people
my roots baby home sweet home I will see
you guys tomorrow
take it easy peace
Hey oh yeah
