scale of 1/2 we did did you guys have to
find a wallet in here okay ah good
morning low guy what yes I said good
morning it is what time is it 4:14 p.m.
ah you've done again looking uh actually
you know what no today is not my fault I
had some editing and some uploading
problems with the vlog and editing all
morning all day today's almost over man
the Sun is setting I still have a
showers looking like a hobo
ah I know it sucks so in yesterday's
vlog I complained about oh just hit my
dick I'm not gonna lie oh god suck it up
okay fine
yesterday's vlog whined about YouTube
not letting you guys know when I post
like they had a glitch in the system
where if I post you wouldn't be notified
in your subscription box well apparently
they fixed it like today so the video I
uploaded today about me like the whole
videos me whining about it they fix it
mm-hmm not the best timing in the world
oh also that means um for those of you
who can't and will not be notified when
I post videos like this it sucks is like
what am I supposed to do today the day's
almost over I think it comes back to the
mantra did the old adage that this vlog
life is no joke and when it comes to
most people I mean they wouldn't know
this vlog legs ah so now I uh
yep I'm just like I'm so bored and
trying to just buy time I can't I can't
stop I can't not a vlog for a day cuz
our hundredth vlog is coming up on
Tuesday which by the way I got something
good well it's cool for me but I'm
excited hahaha I didn't know what to do
right now guys I don't know what to do
I'm gonna go work out ah quit simply
selling the gym yo you guys shooting
something in the gym yeah that'd be a
shame if someone were to ruin it with
their loud grunts flexin but yeah
you're squatting and you're lifting a
whole bunch and you poke it out are you
poking it out George
yo yo G can you tor oh snap my boys
going in my boy can't work yo hago bro
that's amazing
can you twerk do it Oh with the Sun send
the background this look amazing yo you
can twerk
yeah yo dick it's work yo I was worried
about having a good vlog today but this
is lit dude oh I appreciate you Thank
You Ashley not so much you Jordan no
fucking activity in this Jen today we'll
go unblock cuz I need content if anyone
wants to strip get naked pull the tooth
out anything that would be phenomenal
man look at this machine that's amazing
I've never seen anything like Jesus
that's incredible gotta be a pervert on
your blog 101 I'm sorry guys I'm
fighting for content today I need it
it's your camera this is your camera bro
I'm about to up my vlog game and vlog
with your camera yo what's up okay what
what today are you vlogging right now
are you vlogging right now I am vlogging
it I'm gonna need you touch
kind of cut it show a little bit cuz oh
you're going yeah I'm kind of mine
you're dead lucky it's funny because I'm
looking at it and it will figure simmer
for this is how not to workout at the
gym kid some couples refuse to separate
no matter what even in the gym and I
respect that about their work out yeah
what happened here's the thing about
stretching and this is my secret I tell
everyone listen closely when you're
flexible your sex table but I'm not very
flexible I'm a man you know what this
means
you're not sex simple down down you're
never gonna get that is why you're a
virgin bro you got to start stretching
how you expect to get a girl like Ashley
Kay fit if you're not flexible in sex
about I guess I'm working on my sex
ability that's what it is man they call
it stretching but really it should be
called sexing who is this who's this I
don't share was it who is that who is it
come on just show me a little bit shows
me girls on Instagram he covers her
names are because I see what you do to
mark for child grow on me yo if there's
a girl that mark is not worthy of will
go ahead and take the rain I thought
that he's not worthy you just don't give
him a chance to fight it's go guys no
he's not worthy broke my poor man has
herpes right now oh I'm just kidding I
made this joke in yesterday's vlog I'm a
it's a joke it's a joke I made this joke
in yesterday's vlog and everyone's
tweeting everyone's tweeting mark Milley
you got herpes and now they're just
gonna keep tweeting yo I got a I can't
watch it
action ah first fuck ah
first I need content George I'm sorry
skier video I'm done procrastinate time
to work out
Oh
what are you doing yo you're nothing is
wet
why so wet that's what happens when you
work hard George also why you still here
why have you been shooting as long as
I've been working out you don't know
this content life I do Ashley can you
twerk again thanks B I appreciate that
Ashley you're a gold mine for content
log and peak background see ya easy oh
my gosh yo yo this is not a normal human
being
yo what is actually taking me she is
indeed Ashley k fit you could learn
something from her G I could carry you
right now I don't think you could come
on I got this oh oh yeah oh god okay I
got it
oh yeah I got the savage session is
complete and I don't think I've ever
looked at this good in my life
yo it's dope that you live in my
building and not only in my building but
your house is just it's so close to the
gym is it so convenient for me when your
boy is just craving some protein to put
in a system I'm just gonna come and
steal it from you you have a protein
place yeah I keep all ourselves oh yo
that's the game's cabinets under k10
cake baker Collins oh you okay bro loser
has to deep throat this lightsaber right
oh ha ha ha what he's actually doing it
oh my god that's amazing David Blaine
over here hide you yo I'll catch you for
pizza later
okay back at the crib oh I need a shower
and get cleaned off because for me the
day's just started aka stuff is going
down tonight
and you're coming with me surprise yeah
too bad you're coming so I'm trying to
get that content dawg I'm trying to get
that golden content in other news while
I was editing today I managed to down
all four of these 1.5 liter bottles of
water and then to over here while I was
working out 6 1.5 litres of water and it
is 7 p.m. that is 9 liters total which
is 2 point 3 gallons no I'm not a
mathematician I literally just googled
0.3 gallons of water son the day is not
even over son I drink three gallons of
water a day that is a fun fact about me
you may not know yo do you mark - mark I
was doing my laundry it was ready to go
and Mark took it out and just threw it
in my hamper mark with a sitting in your
free and visiting in the wash machine
for two days if you mark it smelled like
wet clothes mark I was gonna do it and
by the way I put that in this morning in
case I don't know what you're trying to
do this is my vlog I can edit that part
out if I wanted to try to impress people
you have herpes bro no I don't why is
everybody tweeting me I have herpes oh
no do you know you can say I'll put the
volcano doc I don't have herpes I don't
have any STDs man man
vlog camera off bro not even gonna make
a the vlog do you have our piece it's
not going in the vlog it's like I make
another log y'all my virgin you've never
had sex yeah but don't now I will put it
away give you your bitch mark we never
have it's Robin oh good puddin if I got
so good you yeah I know he's be an
asshole no dude that we're supposed to
be roommates you throwing my clothes in
the floor so I showered I got cleaned
off and I just want to say that was a
very aggressive past minute or so in the
vlog lots of cussing yelling you know
aggressive behavior I just want to take
this time to apologize and mend any
relationships that I may have damaged
mark I just I'm sorry bro
yelling at you and and make it funny for
being a virgin and also telling the
world that you have herpes which you
don't and I know you don't I'll just
make a lot I know that's you are yo I
know that's why I want to take this time
to apologize bro you want to go get some
food yeah I don't have yeah I don't
think so
Basha poo pants I am again thattaboy
they're dry oh how are they dry yo I'm
gonna avoid being aggressive but fuck
you mark I don't know what it is bro my
testosterone has been raging lately it
just i like ah you know i'm not some man
mark wait right now right one second
real quick bro look behind you cuz oh my
god yeah doggy Chevy no you know mark
I'm not talking about the car mark
goddamn it I'm on the yeah no yeah just
like that wrong it's so easy to get
aggressive I was about I was about to
but guys I was just playing I saw him
the whole time Marlon is so funny Marcus
you have there is four of you and your
herpes what well I thought your meal was
healthy until I looked at it y'all got
big that's a big salad brownie it's
healthy it's all greens
listen it's true it's true it's just all
it's just laughs that's huge bro that's
what she said yeah right from the gun
himself
I'm not eating so healthy I got a sweet
potato fries not bad thing Chris Beecher
not that with the chocolate chip cookie
yeah I just I love chocolate chip
cookies don't man everywhere we go all
three where you guys got chocolate chip
alway anyways we're gonna smash and I
have some nice roommate conversations
maybe about our beefs and how to heal
them I don't have it yeah I didn't even
say anything bro I know yo this joke has
gotten that hand
gotta chill everybody's gonna think I
have I know I'm so sorry cuz you're a
good kid mark I ever marks a good kid
here's a man Charlie Brown you know
every bar
yeah you're 23 and I'm 21 I think that
sounds a little out of my generation
Charlie Brown we'll see you guys in a
little bit after we dinner I'm laughing
cuz you know when life kind of just
bends you over yeah that's what I just
can find out kind of happen I lost my
wallet cuz my wallet is uh am i a right
now that stands for missing in action so
I'm using my brain right I'm retracing
my steps last time I had it was when I
went to go see Star Wars last night
which by the way sucks spoiler alert the
movie sucks not one Jedi bro now not one
blue lightsaber in the movie cuz I'm out
dogs all wars that's not no that's not
Star Wars your boy needs his Jedi
anyways George and I took these
lightsabers to the movie itself oh and
then we did this with them afterwards
this is footage for my snapchat glasses
oh now I'm no Jedi in real life oh just
kidding wait maybe I yeah no I'm not I
wish I was but I think I may have liked
it maybe it like fell out of my pocket
when I was like jumping around and stuff
which would suck cuz that means it's on
the street I might be in the movie
theater I don't know the point is I have
to find it so I'm gonna go and try and
do that right now so I'm retracing my
steps on my hoverboard I brought my
lightsaber in case I need to beat some
ass also this hoodie kind of makes me
look like a Jedi oh my gosh so it's been
like years since I've played with
lightsabers but I quickly reminded me
why Star Wars like a billion-dollar
franchise he seems they're fun dude like
they are addicting anyways where is my
wallet have you seen it oh damn it have
you guys seen it
good toss scale of 1 - we did did you
guys happen to find a wallet in here
okay okay it's okay
thank you for your time okay on to
location number two yo how do I find out
if you guys found a wallet here boy
smiling at me I think I lost my wallet
here yesterday unfortunate accident
hello gangs gonna come get you she knows
she is going to look for it right now
I'm hoping to losing your wallet sucks
he ded yo no way no way I was kind of
thinking though there was no chance you
saved my life cuz I was about to go full
lightsaber oh my gosh Alexa yeah you're
my hero
can I have a hug my hero once again Paul
yo yo it's a shameless promotion always
how many times when you lose your wallet
you actually end up finding it the
answer is zero like I've done it and
every every single time I retraced my
steps I never find it but today the
force was with me kids guys yo it's a
Christmas miracle
this yo I found it where at the ArcLight
what'd I tell you you do I don't know
brush my teeth why acting like you're my
mom what do you know I told you to go
back to our Clegg and check see being
hyper contract works
that's that somebody's afraid of like
germs and stuff and so know how hard it
makes the necessary George you're saying
weird things today bro you're making me
nervous about our friendship smell it
cuz smell it smells like a found wallet
smells like a Christmas miracle
now although today was somewhat
uneventful this dude this makes my day
damn son that's the dope thing okay one
last thing before I sign off for the day
mm-hmm
okay this is all the water I drank today
we have seven bottle that's ten point
five liters of water how many gallons is
ten point five liters that would be two
point seven seven gallons to boys
gallons of water today cut and it's not
even over dude it's 11:30 so the vlogs
ending but I still got a couple hours in
me I made that three yawns I may have it
yo thank you for watching the vlog today
guys I love you I will see you tomorrow
give this video a big old thumbs up even
though not much went down today we low
gang so that's what we do take it easy
guys see you Tom skis proof su bit
I had to do that I still can't believe I
found my wallet that's incredible
