I'm pretty sure with McGee right now oh
my gosh good morning little gang was but
uh yo if you can't tell my face is
rolling my eyes feel like the still
glued shut but it's okay I'm I'm waking
up slowly but surely cannot be the only
one that takes like three hours to wake
up this is good like I just feel like my
face you do which is slightly an issue
because I have a really really really
big meeting in like an hour but it's
okay it's okay I think there's nothing
the Gainesville can fix except herpes
simplex B it cannot fix that I would
know my roommate marketer had a bad case
back in college that's a joke please do
not go tweeting a mark you know you got
her anyway speaking of slight problems
there's another problem happening and
I'm not cool with though let's talk to
YouTube let's talk about YouTube - you -
yeah why when I post a video or you're
not posting it in my subscribers feed
yeah guys apparently this is a thing and
I notice because my views would be going
down down down to the ground yes I am
why cuz why I'm posting the best videos
I posted on this channel yeah that Star
Wars paintball video yo that's a
masterpiece son that's not a vlog son
that's a movie
I've got 1.4 million low gangsters that
are waiting to see some cuts and YouTube
you're not helping me deliver man and I
gotta deliver me I got it deliver man ha
ha ha
anyways as I'm just kind of talking to
this camera I'm slowly waking up which
is a good thing still trying to find a
winner for this stormtroopers helmet
used in the paintball video and yeah
that's it so I'm gonna say what's up to
my boy now there's my boy there is
maverick throw it away what I love you
ever we think of this oh he doesn't like
that I got to pick a winner for this
maverick can you help me what no you
can't win cuz you're just a parrot and
it won't fit your head I know it upset
me too if I were you so I walked outside
and I forgot that a train last night
which is sort of a big deal in LA so
much so that they put caution cuidado
signs down caution cuidado cuidado
cuidado cuidado yeah dude this is a
weird site for me like I never see
puddles in Los Angeles yo I forgot this
street like right outside where I live
is like super slippery when it's wet I
could do like some slip and slide
texture right now I don't know if this
is gonna work let's give it a shot
I'm gonna get oh I can't believe that
work you know what I forgot I forgot to
lint roll my t-shirt I need a lint
roller ASAP going back up yeah see look
at this dusty ash I can't be half of
this dusty I sure know Wayne wish I had
someone to do this for me like look how
my like Peck bounces with like I don't
like that it makes me uncomfortable oh
look at all this dust cuz what does it
even come from okay rolling ready to go
let's get out of here knowing I have a
tendency to be late I was smart today I
set aside like 20 minutes just for that
reason I'm talking about those emergency
lint rolling sessions sighs I'm here and
Nastasia informs me that they got extra
games what is it it's really called
build build it's the first part you
laugh oh my god
mutiny tribulation I could I could put
build in the games you go that's a lot
of change no my gumbo one on the list
the bill the creatine glutamine tribulus
BCA mucuna can't pronounce half that
stop except mucuna I like that mucuna
matata hakuna a little too much games
for Logan right now at this point in my
life there we go whoa what's up so on my
way to this meeting in the vlog life is
in full effect I got my breakfast I got
my iPad uploading yesterday's vlog and
I'm dabbing oh oh I'm logging I vlog
yeah that's okay I'm sorry I'm sorry
it's fine also before I get into this
let me just point it look how beautiful
this is this is a real life just can't
be really look at this man this is
amazing back to the brim Jesus Logan you
have an option get a wife and fall in
love for the rest of your life or gains
balls every day I choose gains Bulls
hands down I wish I was joking
damn okay wave arrived I'm getting outta
by hoo-ha okay I think I'm slowly waking
up I'm here in Beverly Hills guys I'm
gonna do my meetings and come back here
cool transition I think so yo yo yo
yeah we're soft check it out they got
caution signs here - cuidado cuidado
cuidado heavyweight slay the dude and
because they had such good energy you
did just brought me I woke me up vibe we
talked about movies and acting I showed
them the teaser for my movie airplane
moans ago I'm doing this I
need to see this room like yeah bro so
uh it's a good day good start to the day
so far hi what do we do now it's time to
go back home so let's do it
hey we're here back at the crib oh and
guess who else is here hey yo I'm giving
that away you could win all you got to
do is comment low game for life hashtag
hashtag do it do it do it do it do it
yo there's nothing on your screen cuz no
I'm coming yo what are you doing today
what's the move
what's the plan yeah some girls later yo
you want to hear what some girls yeah
Freddy oh yeah I don't know to be honest
with you I don't know what's happening
the rest I know I'm falling right now oh
god I'm fine Oh while you're over that
way can you get the trash yeah mark mark
you know you son of a bitch I mean I did
but that's not what I meant
coming from the man who hates messes
mark you're changing I don't know I'm
surprised you did that bro this vlog
life is changing you Mark the more and
more you come to know this vlog life
you're changing I like new mark anyways
was it oh yeah burrito
I bought a burrito earlier bro I'm
freaking high go so let's go so today's
a leg day at the gym and I'm gonna use
this as my LM the Gainesville as my food
to just feel to pump the blood into my
legs mmm mmhmm yeah confirmed the blood
is indeed pumping hopefully none of the
blood gets um rerouted to my penis and
not that note I got this new the new
macbook yo it's dope it's got a big
tracking pad it's got this touch bar
right here check this out look watch if
I'm on messages I can go here and do
emoji oh yes it's cool Apple nice job
you've done it again kind of because I
have one complaint yeah they they took
away the charging cables the USB ports
and the HDMI port meaning they switched
the old charging port so old laptop
cables like this one for my old laptop
no no way those don't work anymore you
have to get the new one USB ports gone
so these little things right here no you
cannot plug them into this computer that
sucks so also what I have to upload my
footage every day I do it with a memory
card okay so old computer easy check
this out boom done upload
okay Doug let's see what the new MacBook
has to offer okay let's go ahead and
just put it in wait a second my second
Apple you telling me what I'm trying to
calculate this out here you're telling
me doesn't you remove the huh what No
easy son damn it K uh no problem three
L's taken so far no big deal all right
we're gonna work this out we're gonna
talk through this Apple okay uh I want I
want to plug into USB I want to plug in
a memory card okay how do I do this
boom oh there must be some sort of
adapter right uh it probably comes with
the computer right probably not yet know
if doesn't haha way to go Apple change
everything and not include the thing to
fix it
don't ah yeah it's okay though I use my
brain and I bought two of them son let's
go ahead and plug in this boom there we
go Oh might as well plug in the second
okay that doesn't look dumb at all yeah
my computer looks dope totally worth it
for the extra slimness good thing I have
those extra five millimeters anyways now
if I want to plug in the USB watch the K
here we go and mind you like I'm to
handing this this is the most difficult
thing ever to plug in the USB and done
done okay awesome
now what about my memory card now all I
got to do is plug my memory card into
this USB here we go okay cool now I'm
off to the race so this kind of sucks
this is a little bit of a setup good
news though good news guys I did buy the
iPhone 7 check this out so dope and they
uh and took away the headphone jack yeah
so you have to use this cable the
charging cable to listen to music okay
you're being innovative I respect it
cool so when I go to listen to music
using these headphones on the new
macbook both the newest pieces of
technology this this plug will be in
this laptop right oh you know no they
they did not put one of these in here
don't listen in to music for you you
have to go back to the regular circular
auxilary chord for that awesome
know who's making decisions in app and
why am I always
me an apple last time they took away my
emoji I had to make a video about it me
Apple defend me alright yup me boom
yo this is convenient sad no one
up or look at it and I'm not gonna lie
guys this is like a typical day in the
life of the vlog like you need a memory
card you need a hard drive you have had
to phones to edit this assuming I was
uploading to get faster internet and
then obviously charging the computer
like Apple what the are you do is
pisses me off man I'm so sorry not guys
that's not the one who's giving away by
the way that one is over here and I'm
not going to touch this ones to a value
bunch just excuse me one second I'm
getting heated if you can't tell here
and also my shirts a little fluffy still
the lint roller cuz Oh unnecessary
that's unnecessary and also how are you
mark yeah good what are you doing how
are you doing there
Oh Slynt rolling my dick do you see this
setup right here dog transformers that's
what I'm saying what why does Apple
think this is a good idea is the fastest
most versatile IO we've ever built and
turn out the pro you're what is
going on
Obi I'm just editing the vlog today well
why do you have all these things around
your neck well you didn't hear about
Atmos noon bro oh no it's got four HDMI
USB three movies my kids it's super sick
super convenient shots to Apple for
coming up with something as genius is
this yeah oh yeah Apple you've done it
again okay I am done ranting thank you
guys for listening to me actually no no
no you know Seth why is YouTube not
letting you guys know when I post a
video that's a bull that's bull not
putting my my new videos in there
subscriber boxes come on cuz look at me
out here in these streets cuz where's
the liberal or subtle get this come on
cuz we do - what are you doing I'm about
to add you to the hit list bro I'm done
ranting now you know action of steps -
mark okay now I'm done ranting I think
this is the most times I've ever cussed
in a vlog I'm so sorry mom dad everyone
little cousins everybody I'm sorry so
that was all kind of a bit negative I'm
sorry I do have something in the form of
positive though right here yo easy mark
so a fan from Korea sent me this box of
goodies
stuff by the way before I start reading
this note look at this girl's handler
assuming it's a girl
the handwriting bro straight Comic Sans
like Times New Roman I applaud this girl
for her dedication she did this how to
prepare everything yeah doctor just
translate for us so there's something in
here for you oh oh look right here this
is for mark see it seems mark loves
coffee some of my foreign friends say
that Korea's instant coffee is great
hope you like it you like it mark didn't
give me directions you say yellow this
remark I'm gonna grab for me I got I got
the straight directions bro acne patches
dude bro they got acne patches mark this
is the one I want to send you most why
hey yo what dawg come on man my acne is
not like horrible right now I'm pretty
sure with me right now oh my gosh do you
see that pill what was that bro pimple
Dwight was into it mark I'm sorry okay
okay as long as you're sorry yeah you
know you know okay yeah you're never do
this again kay packing this bags India
Korea
I got you take off yo this is actually
Bob looking it says smash right oh my
god I've heard this is not only
available in Korea I hope you want to
smash it says I hope you want to smash
me feel real quick with this habit
reading one massive row oh come on Logan
what are you doing in here oh yeah Oh
Rick and OH anyways I'm gonna read the
note who is this from hi Logan
I'm uh young my English name is eliana
well alright look Eliana wrote a lot
here guys Eliana I'm going to read this
this is absolutely amazing and thank you
she says one day one of my goals is to
be your interpreter when you come to
Korea as a huge movie star it would be
amazing Eliana one day one day you will
because obviously you are incredible
thank you again now we have milk I am
going to smash these ah Oreo cereal here
we go hopefully it's delicious
um I'm moving to Korea oh my god it's
amazing
real talk I should not be eating this
right now leg day is later and I have so
much food in my stomach my role for rule
rule why do I say that weird my rule
rule I probably my arse when I was
younger rule my rule for eating is so
when I eat so much food I feel like I
could be paralyzed I have to stand up
for at least like at least 30 minutes
ideally an hour though so I'm just
roaming around on this hoverboard spread
these good vibes out here wait for these
vibes are about me really good good
vibes good vibes good vibes it is
nighttime some time is past y'all I
don't think I've left the house today oh
I know I did this morning I mark what
are you doing I'm cooking up some
chicken oh very oh yo nice little glass
of wine you're an adult signee females
who are looking for a nice blonde boy
mark mark is perfect i'ma put
application in the description box below
all you need to do to qualify is like
and subscribe ladies wanna see how good
I am with my hands wait for it wait for
it oh slow motion brother so dope
oh so good okay like you guys I know I
already ate like I'm so full my stomach
hurts and I hate myself but take a quick
little power nap I'm gonna time-lapse it
cuz and when my mouth drops I noticed
that's when I like kind of fall asleep
it's usually around like 12 minutes in
and then I'm gonna hit the gym son oh my
day you're the only person I know that
can just take a nap and then go straight
to the gym Albert Einstein would hold
the spoon and when he dropped the spoon
it would wake him up and it's like a 15
minute power nap in fact then you wake
up right when you're fine asleep yeah
but it just replenishes your body like
just quick little quick little power nap
bueno huh okay here we go
fell asleep
blogging bro you fell asleep bogging
your why were used to week there was a
very safe fall asleep love you too
I was doing time lap oh the timer just
went off coz my boy woke me up just in
time that's my boy we blow your finisher
you actually sweetie and replayed as
you're swinging oh yo yo I was straight
throwing bows Jesus what did we learn
dog don't get too close to when you're
scared
if you're for whatever reason in my
house and you try to scare me don't cuz
I'm gonna knock you the first time that
is it for today's vlog hey thank you
guys for watching I love you yo love
gaming for life yeah yeah bruh George
just noticed these yeah bro dog do you
know what those are no what you're
holding in your hand
house welcome to hide is in there bro
that's what I'm saying
dog it's in Korea you Donna move there
with me I'm already going I booked my
tickets I'm there
let's go well you enjoy that I'm gonna
say goodbye again well I already said it
hey thanks for watching guys I will see
you tomorrow hmm
that's your bitch at least we can agree
places you were swinging not really I
can't do it now she got it we got it
