why does it say that Dylan why does it
say that what kind of movie are you guys
make a Dylan why does it say that I
guess I just don't understand why it
says that
hey good morning love gang what ah yeah
it's one of those mornings
little time okay no matter I'll be fine
so what's happening today here's one
thing I look around and I see this who
got the late-night food last night man
who was that what do we got here was his
chicken and then most importantly what
is this who's getting cake I liked who I
am it was me I'm not gonna lie
actually it was sort of me I've been
food this this part was mine I don't
know who the first as that also guys do
not forget I'm giving away this
stormtrooper helmet from yesterday's
epic paintball videos yeah dude 150
bucks for the son of a bitch whoa you're
so worth it though this thing's dope all
you have to do is like yesterday's video
and comment the low gang for life that's
it bro that's it oh yeah give me the
detail how so skinny I don't know I
don't need that that's it
easy who's the booty Hey good morning hi
how are you buddy okay well good talk
luckily I was thinking the same thing
maverick was being a little bit of a
chach this morning but it's okay I still
love him like father like son right
bye guys thanks for the game all jokes
aside I think I genuinely have like a
Gainesville addiction problem do you
think they have like a class for that or
something oh wow this is actually dope
Wow does ever like a City lockdown I'm
going in there save your life and get a
bunch of cool shoes and Star Wars stuff
dope boom how's your life bro good talk
no no idiot effing info what you say no
videotaping inside no videotaping inside
how come no but I got a vlog bro no man
I don't think you know this blog life
it's a bit nobody took I'm sorry I'm a
little confused I'm not gonna lie bro so
this mornings off to that bit of an
interesting star so as I grow up and
mature as a human being I uh I
unfortunately have to start doing adult
things one of those things is lint
rolling you know when you have like
Fleur fer Fleur fluff and fur fluffer
did I just say fluffer you don't know
what a fluffer is please don't look at
our eggs
I had like stuff on my pants so I had to
literally this morning like an adult
the problem is literally is like kind of
awkward you know but that's what it
takes to be an adult kids and I'm ready
to do it I'm out thanks for letting me
record gee he actually uh never gave me
permission I just kind of did it uh I
don't think I'm here yo where the fuck
am i I have no idea where I am
get someone help me I know what I'm
doing and someone tell me if I'm in the
right spot
I'm all alone
I think this might be it I'm not a
hundred percent sure but I'm a walk-in
and find out I walk I mean ride my
hoverboard cuz I'm a young dumb
millennial yeah
real talk though I think I'm we're
inside the cockpit of an airplane today
or so I don't know how it's gonna fit in
one of these like little rooms you see
this they're like apartments like tiny
little apartments I don't know how the
cockpit of an air waves in the Fitness I
don't know and again well that's not my
job I'm just an actor ah not 100% true
since it is my movie I kind of do have
to make sure everything is running
smoothly
uh yeah Logan the cockpit wouldn't fit
inside the apartment know who's keen
idea was begin Department is this is
this it oh yes this is it yeah ahem uh
where's the cockpit shut up roll yo show
yo this is a cop are you kidding me
wrong what about like the outside of the
cockpit or we're just doing like we're
doing like your finger hitting this
button what uh okay twist this knob cool
I thought we were gonna have like a full
cockpit I'm not even mad I don't care it
is the first shot of the day I think
we're breaking glass is that true
are you breaking the glass do it up son
all right Frank
yo you broke glass like a bitch that
didn't work it Oh what was the problem
the first time their problem was that it
just put it popped it right off what do
you think is gonna work yeah it is hell
yeah bro yo how much is this camera set
up does anyone know I know Cole goes
floor
are you sure bro I got that vine money
there's some BC I actually spent all of
my leftover vine money on Gaines Bowls
it's hard to be a Logan Paul right now
can't play piano but I could do that
well this pianos way on to take two
let's do this
we have one man vlogging we have one man
Facebook lighting we have one man
shooting a feature film and now we're
self iing hit good luck this action
thattaboy
I knew my man doesn't break glass like a
bitch oh oh
golden straight golden so despite our
bougie-ass cockpit some of the equipment
here is actually really expensive these
are lenses for that big camera over
there yo does anyone know how much these
lenses cost these two cases like total a
Lamborghini this is a Lamborghini oh my
god the contents within these boxes
equals a Lamborghini I feel like I'm
thinking while they're shooting this
stuff which looks great by the way it
looks like a cockpit as you can see oh
yeah bro that's a cockpit I'm gonna go
ahead and steal those lenses like I get
that it's like my movie and everything
but I could buy a Lamborghini which i
think is much more important so I'm go
ahead and take these ok I gotta be
smooth about this what nothing oh okay
what you need me oh is it is it time for
my close-up haha but it's just my hands
right yeah this scar on the left is
actually from the movie ball so my hands
are just dry and I got calluses because
I work out do you like man hands yeah
the same there's a chance
damnit what are you doing what fight's
telling me your familiar face was I good
or what acting I'm not gonna lie I'm a
little salty right now you guys remember
that girl that was sitting in the the
pilot seat next to me I gave her my
phone to do like tweets for the phone
inserts that's my fault I shouldn't have
done that except my straight-up told her
I was like yo don't tweet anything like
you can pretend but don't do it she she
she tweeted the same picture like four
times in a row everyone's tweeting at me
like Logan your hack what's wrong I
literally said don't tweet anything
don't press the tweet button oh I'm so
sorry guys what she heard
press the tweet button I know she's
misheard the word don't don't don't
press the tweet button I feel like such
an idiot I'm sorry bro like straight up
that's the last time I give anyone my
phone ever ever roll what you doing cuz
you trying to come for me with this
chicken I hate chicken bro
why did guys that hey why does it say
that Dylan why does it say that what
kind of movie you guys make Dylan why
does it say that I guess I just don't
understand why it says that
oh just a music video dude they want me
to do more pilot stuff so I gotta grab
something real quick my baby's mom roken
baby peep how broken they are can you
wear are you mocking me are you mocking
me are you mocking my visual disability
wait a second what color is that button
I thought this blue it's blue yeah are
you sure let me tell you yeah no no it's
blue no no not to cry I'm not gonna cry
almost you wouldn't cry I will cry the
only the only way I cry right out is if
you look me in the eyes and told me you
love me yeah yeah I'm just here in my
bougie ass cockpit which now I can't
because I could see colors oh oh yo I
got him I got him if I just tilt my head
back in like a thirty degree angle the
whole time I'm good
frickin dope dude ow that I'm super
qualified to be a pilot
I'm gonna show you guys what it's like
using my GoPro and head strap it's gonna
be friggin awesome dude this is
definitely our yeah oh yeah look I look
dumb y'all I should do a video anywhere
I just wear this and try and pick up
chicks like first first first person
picking up chicks
she kissed me on the mouth watch yo tell
me I won't smash and just leave this on
and record everything what that would
make me a porn star sick cut me Jenna
cut me I want you to fuck me Jerry
here you ready letter O huh what I'll
just get my thumbnail that's all I'll do
your movie if you want give me more
shakes in it Oh
yo this is hard that's what she said
acting okay yeah
moviemaking Sunday hi 5d yo that was
hard man Jesus I thought I thought I
would be just coming in today doing some
hand shots my forearms are burning right
now I'm like that guy that's like yo do
you guys see my forms like look how
tight they are brother like you see that
bra that really hurts though I'm
definitely gonna eat one of these but
not for me just for my forearm k yo baby
hey yo hey des
oh that's right forearms don't eat silly
Logan oh that's a wrap wrap wrap wrap
wrap of all of you good bye everybody
someone please say it back someone
thanks bro bye guys really paint the
consequences of bringing a hoverboard I
died and I now have to carry it 25
pounds no why it's good they've got
these muscles though in my right no I
walk outside it's raining in Los Angeles
whoa this is my car what's up man when
it rains in Los Angeles everyone I got
never watch I cover my brothers Detroit
Red Jacket Muslim laughing yo I gotta
ask is it cool if I video or video
that's amazing cuz my uber driver this
morning didn't let me you didn't know
the vlog light it looks like you know
the vlog life pretty well bro what is
this thing
tripod stand here for vloggers bro a tip
box got hand sanitizer candy drawer this
is amazing bro then I got grass on the
floor why what why this is amazing wrote
yo D but do you have a hoverboard
charger I know
damn it brother be amazing okay here I
go on the rain thanks for the lit ride
home yeah okay I feel like I still have
not woken up yet from the morning but
it's okay airplane mode is gonna be
freakin poppin I cannot wait for you
guys to see you next year
today was just kind of uh I mean you saw
you were there just kind of like a small
day to get other necessary things to
fill in the final pieces of the puzzle
that is it for the vlog guys I know
they've been shorter lately it's kind of
cuz I'm
experimenting with like different styles
camera styles camera my styles Harry
Styles I don't come saying but that is
it for today's blog I love you guys
don't forget comment on yesterday's
video and you too could win this
stormtrooper helmet 150 bucks for this
yo let's go I love you guys hit me up on
the gram if you feel like you're at
Logan Paul comments uh low gang for life
maybe I like in some of your pictures I
will see y'all tomorrow take easy ah
peace
that's your big
