Conor McGregor ass Ireland ass Rapunzel
hanging down her hair ass disney/pixar
the rock new movie Moana ass oh good
morning Oh gang was Papa's I don't know
that how about you ma'am
how you doing yo you crawl on my neck
all of it yeah sometimes that happens
you know one of my pet peeves when my
parrot calls a man okay no man
anyways uh here's what's been going down
today so far not much I'm gonna be
honest with you I worked out though that
was dope and that's how I ended my
awesome thanks
the montage is over so if you could just
chill there'd be dope Thanks and now I
believe we're going to get breakfast we
have another free day in Atlanta so
we're just gonna go explore dushala
Oh so fasten your lease my camera into
oh it's gonna be nice there huh looks
like a Christmas tree alright let's go
eat breakfast this is cool it's a big
chicken in a bunch of little chicken you
get some smashed beer
no I wasn't work I would do anything to
wear this guy's shorts he knows he's in
the vlog camera at the Olympic that
video Olympic Dam is top notch bro top
now it was tough we rest in peace man I
had to remove it right yeah 60 million
views had to remove it in seven days bro
my breakfast
we got egg whites your bro and a salad
yeah I'm good you chillin bro you got my
are you giving me a food yeah you want
this stuff absolutely thank hell are
thanks mark that box then I like a lot
if you guys could give me about 10 to 15
minutes while I smash this food that'd
be dope okay be in effect okay so we
have kind of designated today like an
explorer Atlanta day destination number
one this cemetery
this was Mark's idea why did you want to
come here I looked up on the internet
like cool places in this head one of
them this Oakland Cemetery right here I
feel like we should be careful bro like
it's so easy to be disrespectfully
really with the dead man
keep to the start aside but dead people
bro
you try to smash the corpse I'm down
touch my knuckles let's go smash smash
this place is sick Oakland Cemetery
let's go as I'm walking through the
cemetery here all I wanna
I'm thinking about like me if a ghost
might follow me home or something like
one I'll name him I see a snowball
because he's white and a ghost and we
could be boys and sure we could like
play Call of Duty and stuff I don't know
yo mark wait the way you guys are
walking right now bro I feel like we
could make like a really sad like like
video if we put it in slow motion here
just fill me fill me we're gonna do it
you
what are we looking for you have a
destination billion which still does
indeed look though okay so we got to
find this building Yahoo wants to be my
snowball who's down let's go what oh
just the inside joke I have my ghost he
goes Oh as if you already understand
young u good homie your head is missing
do you guys have any idea how much like
these like house graves are does anyone
know 25 25 grand for a mausoleum and
you're taking a selfie bro chill more
chill I know for a family I know for a
fact that does not say logo cuz I'm
standing here bro my dad broke she gave
me my dad no come on bro I need it I
need to do something about this we are
editing effects I'm gonna fix this and
boom there we go now it's right low gang
baby let's go Paige keeps like evil
spirits away this is sage and they put
this here to keep evil spirits away yo
I thought you attacking me oh yeah so if
I put in my nose no chance of evil
spirits going out there
I'm bueno dude let's go oh yeah mark
this is definitely it this is dope I
said dope too much dough to your nose
what sage hey ROM burn away the evil
spirits she didn't tell you she's gone
well I swear to god she was there
think'st wouldnt do you swear she was
there snow but where she was there I
swear she was there just a second I
never said now she's gone on a percent
you know what though it doesn't matter
bro the other guy there's on my nose no
evil spirits mummy you know easy easy
it's open chill dude this is how we get
ghosts attached to us yo um um you hear
that right now yeah go Stephanie inside
go inside how do you feel yo yo I see it
ghost yeah I see it ghost she's over
there taking pictures it's the most
realistic ghost I've ever seen in my
life bro and she's got an iPhone dude yo
they make ghost really technologically
advanced nowadays dude a good pic you
satisfied
all right cool begone ghost yo she knew
I had stage in my nose so she bounced
that awkward moment when you have like a
dope grave for the trees like nah dawg
this must Bob
mr. Hugo don't let this tree get you
down I'm sure you were a good man yo so
this is like we're walking around here
this is one of the coolest cemeteries
I've ever been to it I don't go like
cemetary happening a lot actually I
never go like check this out dude talk
about that Atlanta fall weather I'm
talking about the leaves falling from
the trees I'm talking about the hashtag
log I'm super obsessed with this I want
to try get a dope IG pic here no sorry
bro oh my god I girls just getting its
mark I got you yeah now we're definitely
in the right spot there we go however oh
I don't know take a picture yeah I guess
right now twelve seconds later we did
not take a picture because we felt like
it like no matter how many times I say
it and mention it would just be kind of
like disrespectful so yeah we're gonna
go somewhere else now we made our way
across the city now we are what is this
Martin Luther King Z's birth on birth
home that means it was the home where
MLK was birth do you think he was like
literally birthed in this house or like
no I think he just grew up they grew up
in this hour I understand that oh yeah
the house is definitely up there I can
tell because of the orange cone so it's
one of these houses I'm gonna guess that
one yeah yep I was right the birth home
of dr. Martin Luther King jr. what is
dope though dude I feel vibes
this man's a legend for those of you
ignorant ass punk-ass uneducated ass
kids who do not know who Martin Luther
King jr. was are they the King jr. was
born in his house January 15 1929
that's a fact smokey Martin Luther King
jr. was the one who helped end racial
segregation in America not and would
help push towards the end of it Martin
had a dream he had a famous beach called
I have a dream accordingly and his dream
was that one day his children children
that's a funny word children would be
judged not by the color of their skin
but the content of their character good
man
Oh y'all this is historical this is
magic this is amazing that was a dope
experience it's really cool to see that
the Sun is setting here in Atlanta and
we are trying to go to the Botanical
Garden so I think this is my driver yo
hello hello how you doing like and
subscribe hello hi how are you hi I'm
gonna stay right next to you
Botanical Gardens let's go oh you guys
miss outdoors others your whip and heavy
huh wow we are from LA oh I know crazy
this is crazy
well she goes my god have you seen this
no what is that you you know what this
is no this is the birth home of Martin
Luther King jr. what your the word I
don't wanna be effectively other words
atlantean I've ever met in my life yo I
made a mistake does anyone know what my
mistake is yeah he took us back I took
it I actually put in the edges to go
back home
and now that we got good cuz it's kinda
nerdy and dark we're hungry but but
thank you thank you I like your suicide
I'm sure I'm sure the gardens would have
been great i damp this is amazing man
Atlanta I think I love you and you know
what guys if I was a good vlogger if I
was someone who cared about you I would
probably get I don't know like a
time-lapse or something yeah yeah I did
that but if I was a better vlogger let's
say hypothetically speaking
I would also probably have a time-lapse
of the cool clouds that passed this
morning not gonna lie
I forgot the plate this morning so
that's what you just saw now we're going
to a dinner at a place called Gio's
Gio's chicken and pizza apparently this
is the best and I quote chicken and
pizza I'll ever have in my life let me
tell you something I'm a man who knows
his chicken and pizza okay so if this
isn't the best chicken and peach so I've
ever had in my life you're gonna catch
these bowls up Wow I'd a little bit okay
so let's go whoa whoa check it out
that's crazy anyways we're here chicken
Gio's I'm all feet I know I'm not sure
let's go and but what what what
oh my goodness oh my goodness oh my
goodness so we ordered the chicken no
pizza I feel like I'm not even be able
to fit the pizza in my stomach but this
looks wrong okay first I'm gonna taste
the bread
Bres good can't do any more cards with
that no I'm just kidding bro I'm gonna
smash this bread oh that's the best two
questions one while you look like a
homeless man - how's the chicken he's
decent
okay that's disappointing step good
that's still pretty disappointing okay
kids the moment of truth here we go
is true yo its pop I really like this
chicken back at the crib oh um I would
be quiet for the neighbors instead of
screaming all the time but it's Saturday
night yo so let's burn up
yeah are you mocking me bro
you naughty Oh some shots
let's forget rage ro freakin rage yeah
yeah you Mark Toner I'm just kidding
that's my boy ro that's my boy
hanging off of buildings with me is like
a hand in hand
ballerina princess fairy boxer
Cinderella's story ass Rocky Balboa
Conor McGregor ass Ireland ass Rapunzel
hanging down her hair ass Disney Pixar
the rock new movie Moana ass Princess
Fiona and Shrek and how wali krama hallo
new Miranda and the Lorinda sings ass in
the morning we eating waffles ass thanks
for watching guys don't forget to Like
and subscribe
peace
freedom walkway Freedom Hall that's a
fact my boy oh yeah
