oh did I just say yo so today it's gonna
be a good day today it's gonna be a very
good day also uh there's a good chance
that this might be my last vlog ever
because I'm gonna stop logging because I
might die like actually die okay
realistically there's only like a five
to ten percent chance I'm gonna die but
still I think that's like way too high
but screw it dude live on the edge right
you got to live life on the edge
all right right started the day with a
bang got a nice workout in here's what
that look like actually that is exactly
what it looked like because that was the
workout also got a nice breakfast in me
you're what the fuck yo yo yo hello wait
mark yo mark mark yo yo what are you
thinking Atlanta Road I will shift out
here either good buzz you're staying
here
yeah bro what Mike what are you talking
about they put you in my room
urine yeah they told me was my room bro
they lie to you I've been staying here
yeah everything bro wait wait let me
film oh yo chill with the pimple all
right I'm sorry are you that's the only
reason that came here it's okay you're
my boy and I'll let you do it but you do
that again I'm cut your dick off ah I'm
just kidding we're just Jojo Jun what Oh
joking we're joking with you guys uh do
you guys remember when I left and I said
this yeah you guys should come out there
bro like this week maybe yeah we
couldn't wait more than like two days so
Mark's here now is pretty pretty sick my
boy arrived late last night 11:30 p.m.
first thing he does goes to the gym
Savage
ah take a look he motivated me so I
hopped out of bed and decided to
motivate him he was going hard but not
hard enough so I gave him a little extra
inspiration yeah it was a good time
anyways what's happened today this is
his idea uh we're gonna try to like hang
off buildings or something like this
like like Oh like he's gonna hold my
hand I'm literally gonna stand in the
edge of a building he's gonna take a
picture it's just gonna be the most
stablished thing in my life and not just
any buildings like I think we're gonna
try to go up on top of this building my
mom she's this vlog she's gonna hate me
for all my mom already hates me I bought
this duck gun shooting thing is lit dude
ah yo wait wait wait who is that
yeah this is staff she's a professional
what are you professional again
kindergarten teacher kindergarten
teacher yeah yo till 4:00 what dude he
come the Sharpshooter you were meant to
be mark that's my boy that's my boy
shooting ducks come on get it so wait
you wait the ball has to be at the end
oh look you miss the best investment
that I've made in years okay let's go
talk to maverick
gives me the worst headaches rose
maverick I how are you yeah I know it's
dark I'm sorry it's your fault that it's
dark by the way I put you outside and
you started squawking in the neighbor
complain
what what is yeah I know he's a choch
but using one squawking you got I
understand okay so the first item on the
agenda is breakfast we were going to a
local place apparently the bacon and
grits and eggs are like top-notch what
and UsWe hey she's making good eggs
cheese bacon good so we're scouting out
the buildings right now as we walk by
them so this is the one that we would
ideally like to go on top of the other
options are this one and this one
they're all really cool that one is the
tallest the problem is we don't know
what kind of building it is like I'm
sure they have some sort of like
security restrictions so we're gonna
send little innocent stuff here with a
little Harry Potter scarf and you're
going to go see what's popping in the
building ah one Atlantic Center
let's see what's poppin ahh Oh see see
this is gonna be an issue there's
already security gates right here how
are we gonna get by these artists or
this is this is an office building it's
beautiful what's your name
everything if we wanted to get an
apartment complex here is that possible
so basically how can we get up yeah I
don't know if they'll let you shit
what's the move bro bro I mean none of
this is like we're gonna be like there
yeah you're right so you have to let go
that's like though that is a move you
just have a rush of it you got a sneak
in what's the worst-case we get kicked
out so what right so what I mean most
likely kicked out but or or worse cases
tested for trespassing I said I was
thinking death like when we got there
and I fall okay we made it to the silver
skillet and apparently it's voted the
best breakfast in Atlanta voted the best
breakfast in Atlanta says right there
we're gonna eat pretty quickly here but
one quick thing before I go can I please
have the chicken omelette oh my god I
knew you
the prophecy is true quick delicious and
lamp now back to the issue of how we get
up here always gonna do it like you're
just gonna think we go in one more time
okay try to find stairs okay we cheat
our way to the second floor
yeah hop over onto an elevator now boy
has it mapped out okay yeah that's the
plan let's do it we snuck down so that's
nothing
dope the escalator downstairs ooh crazy
and I found an elevator problem is in
favor see you stairs gonna use out there
where the stairs are the stairs mark you
know what's happening there's a jr.
building emergency exit stairs great but
first there's something more important
the men's restroom let's go all right
that was dope back on the mission here
we go goodbye Oh Shh this is gonna take
us out of building I knew it wasn't that
easy no yeah it is inside back in the
building here we go I really hope this
works my gosh
litter like all the security guards are
looking at it's gone it's building every
time just making rounds going through
the kitchen okay Wow there we go
hold it open we sneak into the kitchen
hiya stairs oh this one yeah you just
got to get that D North stair concourse
exit lobby Brubeck's is 51st floor let's
go
oh shut up are we about to climb the
stairs to the 51st floor yeah good thing
there's a door here how you doing
51 4 so here we go like a savage this is
only the third floor we do this is Wow
Oh
one of the chilling here for a second is
you all right we're gonna go through
this door stuffs gonna hold it and
hopefully we can find a way via elevator
to get up to the 51st floor confidence
if you would go with the glasses let's
do it is it locked
what
fuck two hours later mark bro you said
it was gonna work my boy he said it was
gonna work
here's an update we did make it we tried
every single door all of them were
locked and climbed all the way up to the
51st floor
nothing man and so we've been sitting
here like cooling off because you always
sweating like crazy
what is this motion if you moments later
we're gonna try this building here thing
is I feel like it's gonna be the same
problem so sure this is a hotel maybe
this is gonna work oh my gosh we're in
the elevator in our pretend like we
forgot a keycard instantly then buzzes
OH
no roof access yeah no bueno
yeah yo so I'm saltiest so right now
none of the buildings work
none of them and I like I feel like I
could have seen this coming so the next
best option I guess is to just do it
where I am staying again still pretty
high except not as high as the others
but you know we'll get up there we'll do
some hanging I told you guys I was gonna
do it I'm gonna do it okay I'm not a
liar that's not what I'm about not now
not ever
20 minutes later I'm hoping this club
room is empty please be him one guy
behind this
Wow finally I could see the beautiful
city of Atlanta this look good yeah I
gotta figure out my food he sounds so
Televisa yeah this is a long way down
and we're gonna hold each other's hands
right here oh mighty bro
I trust you right here bro that's my boy
we're Blood Brothers mark you see that
that's blood that's blood let's go no
leaning no standing no sitting on
balcony railing but it doesn't say don't
hold you boy's hand and dangle over the
edge I'm gonna do it bro
my boy has my life in his hands how do
you feel you're scared you're scared
left-handed dude are you right-handed
yeah me too
but I gotta take my right hand to shake
the motor you thank you strong hand
takes time let's do it
they've left for the HPV Cisco
oh my god
whoa
let's go let's refocus and go how to
focus we gotta go again
Oh
go back
but are they good oh it's in focus it's
in focus is it yo this is insane that's
my boy listen yo the celebration level
is 10 right now but we're still we're
still in danger zone yeah so let's go to
our room but oh my gosh cool transition
yo I'm tweaking right now man I've been
sitting here thinking about like what I
just did and it's why did I do that oh
wait a second I remember because the
Instagram pic is flames let's go bro you
know how many DMS I'm gonna get on
Instagram
cuz I said yo maverick please I'm
vlogging one second please
it's a direct message you know like
sliding those dm's the kids are saying
it nowadays
my team's gonna be full Sun Instagram at
Logan Paul to see the full picture
shameless plug I don't care though that
was crazy
that was literally crazy oh my god mom
dad I am so sorry
it was Mark's idea that the hand the
hand thing was your idea bro admits
maverick shut up
I told her not to park my car out here
this is getting ridiculous gum on
someone do something about I am my lambo
guys really guys what right there
ya know all these are mine what they
involve little things my lambo huh bro
I'm an ex vine star yeah yeah Wow you
wouldn't know this vinyl device our
advice are shut down
hashtag vlog did he did it for me yo
rest in peace vine recipe yeah I when I
say uh ex vine sir I'm just joking guys
it's not well I'm not joking it's true
but like I don't mean ethica cocky it's
supposed to be like a play on the joke
of like Do You Know Who I am type joke I
don't know maybe it's only funny to me I
don't know I'm not gonna this suit I
have a better idea and it involves these
fuzzy bear slippers oh my gosh I think I
need these fryer bro right here you
jealous
this is the best purchase of my life I
check this out bro chuckles I see you
glasses bro oh my oh my call me mark
donut ro cuz I wear glasses but I don't
need them you were a contact or no you
girl oh I got lazy well I got LASIK you
don't need glasses
why are you wearing glass
anti-reflective anti-glare after a
fucked event that girl puts Bowie oh wow
don't you why don't you come on Wendy
heads up
yeah davin at the Olympics
do you remember doing that I don't
remember doing that I don't never do
that
after all that hubbub we ended up
shooting a video whoa just lighting
makes us look like vampires Wow
we are vampires I'm gonna go over here
and tell you guys about this after all
that hubbub basically a man that we're
shooting a video right now and a man is
gonna slap me in the face for real she's
gonna slap me in the face I don't want
to do it but I do it for the YouTube
video yeah take her away she's gone
take her away domestic violence Amanda
Cerny that used to be a vine star would
you say oh my god are you it's really
bad yo as if getting hit in the face by
a man was not enough look what happened
oh my god yo and the blood is spreading
I got one too and she hurt her knee this
was a disaster I got bit we may or may
not have had the most intense makeout
scene ever why don't we forget they've
done we ha Instagram whoa gonna have to
go follow me on instagram at a little
bit ball naked okay guys so that is it
for today's vlog Amanda and I went our
separate ways but we didn't make it - I
feel fortunate that I'm still alive like
that was crazy of me you guys noticed
I'm crazy I encourage people to live
life on the edge my situation was quite
literally do not do the stuff I do
though I feel like legally I should say
that have me say that one more time do
not try to do this stuff I do this was
inspired by a call from my mom one day
she's like Logan people are gonna try to
reenact what you do and they're gonna
die yeah well you know people die yes
there I'm on the lid I'm just cute you
do or don't travel we did what we did
what has been done by us my boy bro we
right here yo yo
although I will say mark and I bonded
heavy today dude look it even this right
now
like I'm in full squat marks in full
squat this is
ultimate brochure that's my boy also
just real quick we hit 50,000 mics on
yesterday's luck yeah new Google son
let's go low gank for life I love you
guys I will see you tomorrow
Doug adage a big WOW
you
you can do it marking or green you can
do it put that tongue back in your mouth
you lose your head
