oh Sh I went to cook a croissant and
it's on fire and Bosch Oh God
oh how you turn it up turn up turn up yo
oh this is bad hotter person tada person
yo
good morning low gang what's up so I'm a
little tired that's why my eyes are a
clue Chetna so I'm in New York City
currently and I woke up this morning
wondering a few things the first is why
I'm wearing a towel if I just have pants
on underneath I don't know the second
and now this is kind of like a life
question is how can one man make a bed
this messy in one night I'm looking at
this here and like logically this just
doesn't make any sense
3 why is Mark so goddamn sexy best
response I've heard in ages mark well
what was my next question uh for oh yeah
I broke my camera yesterday then the
last question as they put a shirt on
here is uh why my shirt matches my sweat
pants can you do grey on grey is that a
thing nope I am do it anyway let's talk
about this why my man uses string as a
belt and has been for ages why the most
effective way what a belt is the most
effective way that's what they're
invented for mark dodo you okay yeah
you're right actually he is kind of
right I'm wearing sweat so when we got
to this hotel two days ago they told us
that from 7:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m.
there's a complimentary breakfast on for
two that's all anything good cuz it
looks like a bagel that's good these are
good packages of butter look good nice
Raisin Bran crunch after being here for
about five minutes I now understand why
it's complimentary yeah
a lot of options oh Sh I went to cook a
croissant and it's on fire oh Sh
Oh God Oh how do you turn it up turn up
don't up yo oh this is bad hotter person
taller person yo excuse me hello hello
you have this machine is on fire put a
curse on it oh I don't know well Harley
I can't read which I just learned you
know not see the size it's not the don't
see it just yo I'm not looking for I'm
tired
I already addressed this I just want to
sit down to eat my breakfast why Jonas
hold my head what because you make an
ass of you and me you make an ass right
there I assumed and I definitely think
it's safe to say I made an ass of myself
oh let me go meet your hands beat but
who bro Dwayne the rock Johnson yo the
one person who could beat my ass is
doing the rock Johnson yo did you see
the collab yesterday guys I have one
question yes yes
what are those just kidding ha ha ha yo
DJ's a savage he called me a bad
motherfucker she's a big mother excuse
my bad a big big mother thank you
everyone
sorry for almost burning the building
down Oh yesterday I checked how long it
would take to get to the airport and the
answer was 40 minutes what I checked how
long it would take to get there is that
40 minute okay he's gonna interrupt my
vlog again okay I'm prank gonna try this
one more time and hopefully I can just
spit out the sentence it said it would
take us 40 minutes to get there
it said it was that day nothing yo I'm
about to come undergone I'm gonna time
it if it takes us longer than an hour
and 15 minutes I'm going to cut marks
tongue off with a toothbrush each way in
the meantime it's time to say goodbye to
the beautiful city of New York
bye New York I will be back soon I'm a
mother fricking bluebury
go it's cool this stroke get nervous bro
for what
when was that an hour 15 how far away no
don't we loose yeah so I thought gee ma
man you got lucky five minutes to spare
your tongue was coming off bro with the
truth rocky thinks that was joking about
the toothbrush thing I wasn't I've done
it before
come on mark I have a question mark wait
stop mark you know how they say they're
gonna put gifts under the Christmas tree
you know they say that like Oh gifts
under the Christmas tree how you put get
us under this Christmas tree there is no
under my boy mark your personality is so
funny Turks me yo easy the airport is on
fire
okay never mind we're good we're good I
thought someone burnt across our bow she
Oh God
yo these seats are kind of popping next
to that exit door I got the window seat
damn that's dough
Wow wow this is not a joke that's really
tiny - these seats are actually dope
because you ever get like bored during
the flight we can just kind of pop open
the door and hop out we don't have a
parachute
so that might suck I'm a people person
but I got no neighbor I'm chillin so I'm
looking at the best way to open up this
door seems pretty self-explanatory you
just kind of pull up on the latch and
then an arrow will come and tell you
exactly where to go then you do like a
little squat bring all your friends and
jump onto a raft my boy Marcus Kayode
over here oh my god who sleeps like that
though it's like he got frozen mid text
who was he texting that he needs two
hands but boys keeping secrets on
anyways gums up let's do this probably
should not say guns up on a plane my man
there's my boy my boy more my boy mark
good to see you mark you know we sat
next to each other full entire plane
ride oh yeah I think the first thing to
do is uh go to the camera store and get
a camera cuz don't forget I broke mine
ever ever is now you're not a vulgar
deer you're just burns it with the
camera Conda take it easy okay I'm gonna
be honest with you guys I won't say it's
a mark but I don't know if this man
knows this vlog life
wait what up G speaking speaking of G I
broke my g7x - I got a warranty I'm
wondering if that applies if you still
have any in stock you've got the orange
so I'll get you a free repair but I
won't continue camera off the shelf Oh
it'll just be repaired how long do you
think it'd take to uh to repair coz I
make daily vlogs I'm vlogging every day
man I'm so out here in this vlog line
okay well I'm just gonna come in see
what I can get done you know the amount
of times I shoot just like following you
around you make a great person to follow
around bro yeah your back is dull bro
this is a tight elevator this is tight
dude Wow
and this poor guy sorry guy here we go
i'ma go for free Calabar what yeah fun
you leavin me damn it
repairs okay okay okay get the parking
the sales guys upstairs actually oh
there goes there sending me upstairs
like I'm a little chess pieces stop they
could just move around hey Mark except
cam no no I sent me upstairs
I dropped it I was trying to do a camera
transition broke sorry to wash your
flippy oh here's one listening no way
yeah with what no expectations on it
just then passing that billboard every
day on the way off more like an old
woodwork Wow
you follow the claim online no I gotta
send it in myself bruh
good comeback here is the golden
question do you have one of these in
stock yeah they're not in yet so
probably tomorrow you win some you lose
some
well tomorrow maybe yo from this angle I
can't even see my boy but I know for a
fact my boys there yeah so we came
downstairs and I got a little bit
distracted and I guess disappointed that
they don't have the camera that I was
looking for so I did the next best thing
it's been $700 on GoPro stuff ah
we're almost home do the honors more the
me and bro oh this smells like winners
lights mark I'm gonna turn out I'm gonna
turn the lights blue okay like I guess
how would I know that
let's see okay see I guess this one cuz
it says blue I'm gonna go ahead and
click it oh there we go
I don't little lights oh wait you want
to do red mark there we go dope now say
here's strawberry I'm strong
my boys a strawberry is my boy where's
my boy there's my boy to de-seed hi
you missed me ha ha you didn't miss me
oh you did miss you huh yeah happy I'm
in the same pace my boy that's my boy oh
god I'm pulling up on Tommy Tommy judge
he did I don't you just die is that mrs.
Jacob your son just tried to kiss me
your son just tried to kiss my mouth
your son's kuzmic friend oh you oh my
gosh the whole the whole Django family I
well the other Jake was trying to kiss
me seven to my boy so this place is dope
I'm getting a projector to do this but
I'm not putting that paper thing like I
did in my own place I'll get out of this
so I'm just getting a thing where I cook
a button here so you're gonna have like
a theater that rolls down and you're
gonna have a projector up there yes it's
gonna be hard to get up there you're
kind of short oh I bet obviously I'm
gonna have the I'm getting it oh yeah
it's gonna look like like a spy kids
thing like it's gonna fold up into the
wall yeah my man you're innovating bro
that's my buzz yeah yeah no sick awesome
bro it's okay it happens
Georgiy not again this time I'm not
gonna do anything cuz I think it's
getting a little overplayed ha ha whoa
let me dou dou j by buddy I'm glad
you're my neighbor mrs. Janko I love you
oh my gosh I'm blushing you hear that
George smash yeah so remember a while
back I told you guys if you guys send me
videos that I think represent the low
gang well I might put them in the vlog
ha ha ha only the best of the best make
it to this left
I give videos all the time of kids hold
on let me set up the tripod doing this
my double dab the double Deb right here
all the time all the time every day I
get kids do ba ba ba ba ba but these
kids I'm looking at on my laptop here
send me a video yo this is the most
aggressive double dab of ever seen bro
they look so innocent and just walk here
watch these kids are going in but this
is great and then watch carefully
there's one part where the kid on the
Left kind of just gives up that more
defense I lift my arms up and just wail
in his head and since all we gotta do go
guys if you're watching this trick no
it's phenomenal damn also there's one
other video I want to address yo so my
cast over having your own mop is Arita
what I can't speak Spanish so I don't
know what you just said but hashtag
Barney this is my girl son doesn't my
girl's son yo I love y'all you know that
I will see y'all tomorrow you know I
love you take it easy my family lo gang
for life hmm and now you see that my
hair is not having the best day now I'm
gonna sign off ready here we go
bye
it's you bit rolling no mark I'm not
ready man
mark let me at least grab the camera for
the shot you said can you shoot this I
meant like a gun bro
