Oh Shh this is dope
oh yeah that's good way to start the day
good morning low gang how goes it broke
yeah here's what's going down so if you
watch yesterday's vlog you guys out
didn't a lot of my vlogs will know that
I am in Atlanta like literally I just
moved to Atlanta I will be here for the
next month shooting a film called
superstition this would be my house it's
a little apartment here it's pretty dope
I'm not gonna lie I'm very satisfied
especially with this view look at this
view are you kidding me right now this
is my balcony every morning I get to
come out and see the beautiful city of
Atlanta yes oh I got chairs dude this is
great also this is cool thing hey how
you doing Logan okay back to the intro
let me just say it is also a Christmas
miracle that I was able to bring my bird
maverick he's in the other room yep
there he is yeah higher average when I
got to the airport they told me it is
not their policy to allow birds on the
planes I said no not gonna listen to you
and I did it anyways cuz I'm a Sabbath
illegally smuggled my bird here and now
we're here we're live we're doing it
were here excuse me I'm looking for a
little parrot first name my last name
boy there he is there he is what's that
buddy that's what I'm talking about bro
yes so basically the dream team is here
I'm feeling a little sick I had these
like raccoon marks under my eyes but
I'll be okay I think not gonna lie hope
to be living here for the next month oh
it's gonna be freaking dope except when
I went to eat breakfast this morning I
did have a little issue so first I woke
up I shot out of bed like a rocket then
I took a second to listen to Rebecca
Black's hit song Friday
bang bang bang keep an eye walked out of
the room I grabbed a bowl I grabbed a
cereal and then I hate this cereal oh
but in the in real life I was
actually eat the cereal yet no for the
vlog I'm just eating like nothing I
guess I then put the empty cereal bowl
in the sink and then I looked around and
it hit me
 is right man there's no one
here to do with dull things like laundry
or dishes or help me put on my socks I
have to do all these things myself
no I could do this I could do this okay
okay that's enough of local ranting for
the day let's get the day started shall
we
so being that some of the cast members
on this film are like a list celebrities
I feel like this is where vlogging is
going to be kind of hard for me because
I don't know what I'm allowed to film
and what I'm not allowed to film but I'm
going to the table read right now go
check it out bro I'm on the ceiling how
you doing like it's good table read is
exactly what it sounds like basically
the whole cast sits are on the table and
you guessed it reads ha ha this is just
me good morning good morning good good
good Atlanta is beautiful yeah first
time here this place is amazing
Wow look at the city Wow
what is there to do around here I heard
there's an aquarium there's like an art
exhibit what else was popping
everything's popping here impossible
weird - can't use the year whoa I love
that house the aquarium I paid to this
man with the sharks you can pay to swim
with the sharks
I think I'm gonna do that oops bi-stable
read time this is the area that I was in
last night when was super dark not so
shading the daytime let's go Atlanta
whoo okay just got back I know I'm
avvakum sorry give me one second yeah
one second for the blog one sec thank
you something I really wanted to do
today but the table retook like five
hours was taken Instagram picture to let
everyone know that I I moved to Atlanta
I clearly did not have time to do that
in the Sun is setting now it's getting a
little dark but I still want to take a
picture so okay so this view is dope and
you guys know me I always like to
elevate my content quite literally in
this case because I'm gonna stand on the
edge of this balcony and if I fall Logan
Paul is dunzo don't forget to like it
subscribe okay no time for jokes I'm
literally about to risk my life for a
photo and I don't even have a camera man
dude it's lurch is that guy which is me
hey how you doing
this picture this cool I wish my arm was
extended i'ma go again I'm sorry but
this picture sucks I have to go a third
time third time's the charm right that's
what they say so this is the setup right
here I have no idea this is gonna work
but as you can see the photo is flames
so taking the past 10 minutes or so to
reflect upon the consequences of my
actions what I did out there was not
smart and the important thing to
remember is USA I'm just kidding uh this
is no time for jokes the important thing
to remember is to canvass
okay back to this one
wait is that get back to this okay
enough enough of the jokes Logan the
important thing to remember is this I
don't always do the smartest thing in
fact I might go as far to say that I
never do
the smartest thing and it's very
important to people it's very important
that you or you or you
whoever's watching this please do not
try to recreate the things I do I am I
don't I'm sitting here on me still it's
Logan hey how are you how you doing I
don't know why I did that
like when I really think about it like I
dunno I like to get a dope Instagram
picture which by the way the pic sucks
like I'm looking at I'm like what I can
I don't think I'm going to post it it
just is such a great risk your life for
no reason sick I don't know why like I
could have died like straight up fallen
and died and ruin this movie that I'm
here to do I don't
mmm but it was dope though right what up
cuz oh I just did some dumb be
doing ah I hang off the balcony I know I
don't know what I was thinking I know
you don't need to rub it in my face okay
how was it how was it what I didn't tell
you guys this yesterday but after I
ended the vlog I went to the pancake
house and consumed about 5,000 calories
in an hour so go to the gym right now at
this moment now I took a peek at this
gym on last night it's dope
you know 23rd floor top of the building
it overlooks Atlanta and it's perfect
for the swole machine that I'm about to
become but a bing bada boom check this
out oh my goodness bro damn this is
dough so this is where it's gonna get
got for the next month or so and no
doubt
it will get got let's go this is where
we fight
okay so uh today is definitely back day
if you could not tell by now look can't
reach even with that okay not happening
one of my favorite back exercises to do
la is this the part where we coming up
in this coach alright guys we're gonna
get down four sets of three I'm just
kidding I'm not gonna do that what it
was saying was one of my favorite back
exercises to do is here so over there in
this gym I was not able to do it in LA
cuz the machine is not there but I think
you guys gonna like it's pretty funny so
let's do it this bad boy right here do
not let its tiny size fool you it is
completely savage workout will destroy
you three of my friends have passed the
way of doing it so good luck every ten
seconds on the timer I'm going to call
out a different animal and then for the
next ten seconds I will do the motion of
that animal does this make sense no okay
great let's do it okay we go dark first
animal is groundhogs nice a regular
groundhogs they go up and down out of
the ground like this next you got
dolphins they arch a little bit snake
make the noise to helps some mistake I'm
a snake next we got Michael Phelps this
he's an animal swim swim swim swim extra
elephant Falcons are big right
of course me I'll just make the noises
effect
cute and lastly we got tornadoes it's
not mantle but they're really intense oh
one minute and bam how can
lighten it up hapless but we did it if
you do that exercise once every three
hours for the rest of your life you too
can look like this guy right here and
that's all for today's workout with
Logan okay let's go shower hey it's me
Logan nice and showered and stuff not
gonna lie to you it's pretty steamy oh
my god Logan no one cared oh just please
just shut your mouth please it's been a
good day so far but don't want kids the
vlog is not over yet I'm going to get
dinner right now and then I believe we
are going to sneak up on some buildings
and look at the skyline well below in
who's we ah my friend who I think maybe
might live in Atlanta is picking me up
and then we're gonna go do that together
as friends
yeah I've been sneak in a lot of places
recently hey never gonna stop recording
I'm a vlogger bro I'm a vlogger wrote a
living what up cuz oh we touch my
necklaces not a flea
oh my tea
yo so we're eating at the Buckhead diner
that's what this place is called the
Buckhead diner I can tell cuz it says in
this sign right here look at me ma I
graduated college
just kidding only did a year then
dropped out are you laughing cuz we're
at the Buckhead diner cuz the vlog I'm
laughing because you're in the vlog yes
okay you're in the vlog dude pull us up
no one can escape oh yo so what's the
plan that we comment on building and it
climbs the rooftops you got you always
sneaking in we aren't we're gonna sneak
don't be sneaking it's gonna be crazy oh
this might be actually a bad idea given
the fact that I fell off of a building
today this might be a spot to come back
to and hang off them tomorrow let's do
it anyways this is this is you bro this
was your idea
you're full here not my idea to any
police officers out there if you're a
cop and you watch my vlogs like and
subscribe goodbye Buckhead diner you've
treated me well this evening
awesome got that I was waving it okay
we're going up there we are is that a
fact
that's a fact my boy can I be loud like
that or should I cut it now I oh hell
yeah
I wonder how long til I get arrested I
almost died today so if I get arrested
honestly then I don't care I see this
walkway up here I do I see it we're
gonna get on the roof of that walk
across and then going into that brother
best some savagery my boy I'm in let's
do it get it son that's weird ooh oh my
god my boys James Bond some of that
upper body strength that's what's up do
not fall in illegal things
got it humming I'll get back to the
pepper going that's the move who's gonna
walk across this no no I gotta stay on
this because you because they're you're
falling through my mom was a gymnast she
did the balance beam so I think this is
a little bit genetic for me I feel good
Oh whoopsie
or working for
walk out slowly and
yeah oh this is dope
you know guys a lot of people have been
asking me Logan to the vlogs gonna be
less lit now that you're shooting a
movie well let me let me ask you a push
this less lit I snuck onto a rooftop
with two kids I just meant today let's
go damn this is sick and you can't do
this during the day right because people
would see you crossing the bridge hmm
maybe I don't care cuz oh my block oh
good hang tonight boys this time touch
my knuckles there we go there we go
yo you guys are my Atlanta hookups okay
yeah oh heck yeah alright good night
fellas go I don't want to wake my
neighbors I haven't met them yet I don't
know their temperament or what's it like
but that's it for today's vlog thank you
guys for watching tomorrow I think we're
gonna go to the aquarium apparently it's
like one of the coolest ones in the
world it's the only one with a whale I
heard but before us I know if you have
not heard already new episode of my show
Logan Paul versus this one is a Logan
Paul versus peewee football here's the
trailer my name is Logan Paul I will be
your coach today does your mom use you
as a mop these kids are funny who trust
these kids starting our practice will be
sufficient
I lost my cool
not lose alright I didn't take a
business class flight from le loup-garou
I coach these kids are little Punk's and
we played a football game and I'm a
beast coach let's go go check it out
it's eight-minute eight to ten minutes
of just hilariousness the link will be
in the description as per usual thank
you guys for watching man low game for
life dog I'll say it enough oh yeah
tomorrow I think we do this thing I'm
gonna try to get 50,000 likes on a video
yeah so plan on hitting the like button
for the aquarium video alright can that
guys take it easy
peace
super one zebra I missed the supermoon
unfortunately that doesn't look so
stupid
