I love gang was Gucci was good with mom
I just woke up as you can tell I got the
side D morning boy sounding like a
rapper I could be a rapper potentially a
yo I'm a rapper booty fat G your clapper
put a suit on I look dapper got a check
I'm a cashier I'm not a rapper oh my
goodness someone stop this madness yo
this is the secret to wrap oh my god
this is when they record lyrics it must
be when they're sick and in the morgue
amar you know kids welcome to Logan Paul
vlog anyways uh so what's poppin today
first off if you have not seen
yesterday's vlog is dope we built an
igloo in California I said it was
impossible but we did it I actually
rolled by it today to see if it was
still up check it out what yo what how
is it still up right now
damn son way to go Logan way to go or
should I say way to go Logan you ain't a
hole Logan
you ain't Hulk Hogan's someone stopped
his men I'm not a rapper ha ha ha
George you got the Frick with there
George my friend George my good buddy
George of the jungle or Chavez Oh George
my good buddy my good friend my amigo my
comrade is moving into this building
today not this house I would never allow
that though being good friends I am a
good friend
I'm gonna help him move but first let's
go see what my boy maverick the parrot
is doing logging now so maybe just chill
hey yo if it isn't my boy are you doing
them luck yeah you jealous to my voice
oh why are you waving at me son what is
here though well Oh doh good talk
so I'm about to get a Gaines bowl to our
fuel my muscles put some food in my
stomach I gotta say uh getting on this
hoverboard this morning is no easy task
okay I'm just gonna turn you on just
take it easy okay here we go
oh my god oh my god oh my god time to go
down yo easy easy it's gonna get off
this and step on the ground that's the
same color as my shoes just please don't
freak out great
no okay easy easy easy easy easy easy
easy son easy okay calm down calm down
stop stop stop not forget kids they shut
down two sides of Hollywood Boulevard
for the new Star Wars premiere la
traffic is bad enough as it is this is
only making it worse people have
depressed everywhere the suicide rate
has risen by 15 percent everyone is
lining the streets of Hollywood
Boulevard to check out this bad boy
right here I gotta admit Star Wars
you've done it again this is dull this
might make it into my garage later
ha ha ha jokes on me I don't have a
garage I live in an apartment so I'm at
the store about to get a Gainesville and
wait this is touching story yeah this is
a really touching story so yeah an
anonymous veteran came by and paid for
seven days worth of pain fools I shot up
because you're supported trial in Logan
Park this is magical yeah it was very
touching
yo yo whoever this is if you're watching
this thank you so much from the bottom
of my heart this is amazing my boy I
gots gonna show you
look it what is it Oh gains gains you
already know game
poor Logan Paul seven days of
Gainesville's in honor of helping the
Logan Paul go fund me for the child in
Oregon from anonymous fan a veteran ya
dog and and and cancer homie left his
patch one of his patches bro Ranger Army
Ranger Ranger and this is the first one
bro this is so cool like oh my gosh
thanks Logan no no so that was that's
mine
uh you know the video that this veteran
is referencing is a video where it's my
favorite on this channel by far just cuz
it's it's more than just uh an
entertaining vlog it's like it tells a
story and it had the potential to change
someone's life um ya know the video is
called saving Logan Paul if you want to
watch if you have not watched you
definitely should it's right here if you
want to watch it it's the day I hit 1
million subscribers I'll hit this little
car to go watch that well yeah man
whoever left me this Gainesville this
seriously mean so much so thank you now
in the meantime while Mark and I wait
for George to get here yard guess what
I'm gonna do your business what the
dishes you're gonna do these no no your
boys oh man - OH
ah that was weird
I'm not gonna put the effect at that
time this is our wall as you can see
here just like different stuff each
little thing here tells a story as you
can see whether we get a little closer
maybe the book what boys nice is to me
of my boy Alex who some of you know got
me and Mark up here
mark right here there's a lot of Mark
and Logan's here's good stuff that's
when we shot the music video was in New
York
there's my boy Alex again but I'm
getting old too nostalgic ah so I'm
gonna actually hang this up because this
definitely fits veteran if you're
watching right now you and Donna miss
person I think you will I told ya oh
thanks my man you're on the wall much
appreciate it so George is taking a
hundred years to get to my apartment
with his moving stuff and I had
something else to do sorry George are
not waiting bro right now I am going to
get fitted for a suit that's right son a
suit remember my rap this morning what a
suit on I look dapper that's right baby
assume my agents got me a gift card for
a super expensive like custom-made
tailored suit I know it's not a big deal
but I'm not very good at being a dollar
this is one of those things just gonna
help me someone get a suit and I'm gonna
look dapper by the way what the most is
dapper even mean marked by up-to-date
Ness and dress and manners a dapper
young man yeah come on be deaf so sorry
if I'm scaring you cuz I'm just a boy
with a dream Haven so good it's all good
that's all I needed to hear
okay I'm at the shop but this isn't good
here's the store and uh it's nothing
inside in fact there's a for lease sign
on the door huh uh definitely in the
wrong spot apparently they moved didn't
tell me that haha good joke I'm Logan
here we go here we go this looks like a
suit shop that's hard to say suit shop
let's do this and tell him to suit up
this is my man Aaron he's gonna help me
today um I kind of want the suit you're
wearing a possible done can I just take
it and leave you can't good cuz I'm
colorblind and makes this whole thing
very hard for me oh wait speaking home
hey cuz though was good so fun fact
about me
I hate shopping I hate it for this exact
freeze it's the change in the outfits no
I can't do it I guess I'm gonna do it
anyways cuz your boys gonna look dapper
what do you think oh I don't know I feel
dumb a little tight in the crotch area
there's a reason for that it's very
important for me that whatever issue I
end up going with and I'm able to hit
the double dab kind of flawlessly yeah
see this one won't work it's a little
tight in the south at the jacket is on
it switches the dynamic still good good
right now we're choosing the color of
the jacket itself we're gonna go with a
nice little navy blue and then I guess
we're gonna pick the inside lining right
now which one says I'm a douche more
cheetah print or diamond you're gonna
help me with button I'm not gonna lie
bro can someone take over I
these look all the same this is gonna be
the color that goes under here Oh
Pink's awesome orange is cool too cuz it
pops is that it 5g yeah bro a few
moments later yo so I was walking back
to my apartment and my boy comes up to
me I'm in the vlog yo you're having vlog
let's go Cody from the blue cheese you
found me yeah you found me dawg cuz oh
heck yeah yo he's pump your energy is
contagious bro I'm freaking out too
brother
jumper honest I don't care let's do it
friend he was so jealous - he was like
bro Logan Paul he's my favorite Viners
boy hey hey rest in peace vine and you
follow me cuz I'm so that's my schoolboy
first name my last name first boy has
anyone seen him he's right there let's
go - hey yo that was dope
bro good and they're definitely a little
gangster anyways I'm back at the crib oh
I'm gonna see what George is doing since
I was supposed to help him move today
actually no way he's probably already
like here moving in right now let's go
see what he's the George George George
of the jungle here is his new house Oh
easy
dammit you always were so good right now
bro I'm sorry I ruined it but not better
than me yo I'm a rapper
get him my suit looking dad
I'm not a rapper yeah where you at bro
I'm at your house sitting outside your
house I mean your new house
two more things to move I'll help you I
promised I would help and I'll help you
okay I'm gonna be one of those people
that sits in the hallway until his
friend comes to find him cool adventure
oh that's my boy from this angle
Oh from this thing it looks like I'm
giving birth to you oh boy yo look here
we go Oh
yo this is cool I like this oh this
whole day George I was like yo I was
telling them I'm like yo I'm gonna help
George move is gonna be dope whatever in
there made it worse she broke my box on
the way I'm a blogger Oh witty man I'm a
blogger I am a vlogger that's true so I
left George's house I kind of sort of
feel a little bad cuz I told him the
whole day and you guys that I would help
him but y'all I just remembered I am
headed to I'm flying to a New York
tomorrow I got this news yesterday and
this is like a big deal a really big
deal I'm doing a collab with someone I'm
not gonna say who it is yet it's a
surprise I'm not gonna tell you what ah
dare I say they are potentially one of
the greatest people on planet earth the
entire planet one of the greatest so
yeah dawg gonna be high so tomorrow's
vlog is gonna be the trip to New York
and then New York adventures did yeah
dude I'm freaking hyped tomorrow's vlog
is gonna be the trip to New York and
then New York adventures with Mark marks
coming as well it's gonna be big
yong-sun or mondays of walk yeah Mondays
log gonna be wet anyways oh yo yo yo my
brother is in New York oh my gosh
cuz oh yo listen to me Jake are you in
New York
yeah how long you gonna be in New York
are they smart line braum coming to New
York why
I can't tell you why it's a surprise I'm
doing a collab oh I'm pump bro I'm so
pumped
I don't know cuz I get there at like 6
p.m. I think we're gonna miss each other
bro but that would have been dope we
could be brothers and stuff yeah each
other
damn bro you used to be my brother
Knight is the piece of sh is me kid hey
thanks but I love you my brother I gotta
walk home cuz oh you should call him bro
bro is that what people say nowadays I
don't know what the kids are saying it
is time for your boy to work out people
the only problem being that I'm a little
tight Friday night you know feeling a
little lethargic but these are the days
where you have to push yourself outside
of your comfort zone and get in and work
baby so today we are gonna do that with
a little bit of shoulders ahh ok cool
let's workout
I did it baby go on a day where I was
about to take a nap I was this close to
taking a nap decided to get in the gym I
got it now I'm feeling swole and fresh
and good and ready Friday night
don't know how the word fresh made its
way in there I'm not very fresh for now
kind of sweaty actually oh by the way I
feel like I should have dressed this a
lot of people ask me what these are
right here these puppies right when I
was 7 years old I got into it with a
baby tiger cub and I beat his ass but he
scratched me up pretty good no no my
children these are stretch marks when
you go through puberty and you're
lifting at the same time your body
expands your your muscles and skin
stretch or when you're pregnant so
technically I guess I could have been
pregnant in my shoulder anyways I'm
gonna hit this this on a bar right now
and I'm gonna hit it and see if we can
like do a spin cool transition here we
go nope nothing okay so back at the crib
oh and I get here and a couple of
friends decided to bombard my house and
there she is I'm okay with this one okay
she's leaving her looks to go where is
it oh yeah I know see not so okay with
that one that's good but yo look at
these guys
Amanda's back first off it's been a
minute last time I seen her it was in
Atlanta I love your camera man and now
we're home that's a fact that's good I
really a minute your warmth is making me
even warmer than I am some maybe just
I'm getting kind of and hot so me peel
you off here peel you off thanks for
watching the vlog guys I'll make sure to
see you tomorrow don't forget to Like
and subscribe I love you take it easy no
gang
that's you bitch dude I just just came
through here like dude
Hogan that kept below me that's the
event no I'm Paulo today
