good ready 1 2 3 um good morning well
gang what's poppin it is Sunday that
means it is Sunday Funday why not start
it with a touch up shed yo so first off
ah I actually have no idea what I was
gonna say or if I even have anything to
say I don't know if I do
but let's go say hi to maverick good
morning uh yeah hi
what what do you think oh that's quite
the opinion okay yeah yeah I get it Jill
ah okay I'm slowly waking up I'm a bit
lethargic this morning uh but we are
going to get breakfast probably a
pancake house my magma that's a fact is
that what you're saying now yeah that's
what I say that's a fact
what about Ezra fuckathon whoa I say it
again slow its own factor that soon
facto or facto anyways pancakes eggs
breakfast Fresno's in my belly now geez
bag eggs eggs cheese bacon good um
thought we were doing something cool
okay this is what this is the video you
just try to reference hey hey the one
girl just straightened moans she don't
hit that one let's go get some waffles
go get some breakfast bomba away ever
since
Mexican kids in this hot little Mexican
kid I'm a Mexican kid what's your name
100 wampa I'm gonna say something that's
gonna blow your mind the driver's name
Juan you're not Mexican got it on she
may well have a baby look at all these
pancakes bro yeah how do you say pancake
miss Bennett yes that's that's this is
very particular no joke I'm losing my
mind bro this menu is insane
oh my goodness
we'll see is true everyone's have a
conversation here and I look over
Logan's like cars in boys wait what did
you just do what is this clump up did
you just put a peso down my G we're in
America my waffle come on back at the
crib oh it's Sunday it's a chill Sunday
Funday and we uh we came across this old
GameCube this thing fueled my childhood
Wampus like yo I'm gonna GameCube
Mario's like yo I'm gonna GameCube I'm
like yo I'm gonna GameCube but we're
gonna play a Super Smash Bros with a
little twist we're gonna bet and uh
harsher how do I even describe this so
the Doozers are gonna be in the floor in
for maybe need some help yeah with the
English yeah it's been a long day you
know it's like 1:00 p.m. bro my man's a
walking hoverboarding Mexican disaster
the two losers have to go on their hands
and knees all fours and the winner gets
to like sit on top of them like a king
and the two losers on the bottom have to
say and I'll just use this as an example
of like I'm Logan's bitch
what happens if which is the same with
Wigan we're fine we're fine I'm really
are you good
Mario doesn't speak English bueno well
stop wait you what that's my boy
Mario you suck person you will be on the
bottom handstand the word I'm saying
let's go mexicana overcoming Donald
Trump
oh yeah boy 1 yo I told you son I'm the
master get up this what are you checking
text me just because I want in trying to
distract your mind
both of you on your forests on your
force on your hands and eat under the
condition what after days you have to
play the ping-pong one I'll do it
pineapple man
pineapple bed you really did for me
wrong
yeah come on get a pimple again mark I'm
trying to get I'm sorry dude
Stu boy yup if you see ready 1 2 3 oh
yeah you good yeah you good one
it's challenges little we can do a
little ping pong challenge because
apparently mark is the champion in wampa
is also pretty good but your boys good
maybe low gang represent wait wait they
need some backstory so I beat wampa who
beat Logan so technically marks the best
but uh never give up kids have to give
up so let's go this is where it's going
down let's do it bro get ready to meet
your maker mark donor
what was that ok it's a thing that's
cool it's go time here's what we bet you
want to say do I say uh so he has to
give me a shout-out on his second
Instagram account more little balls
Galaga fill every single follow 372
thousand followers as well as a Twitter
shout out yeah yeah or but if I win he
has to give me a shout-out on his main
Instagram account which is just Y
example no no this doesn't have a shot
it's not is not the shot don't follow
him don't follow market lefty with he
needs a follower foot earlier Cottonwood
that's just come on market what you
doing in my la girl come on he wouldn't
know this log life I have control of the
camera and I like bringing close my face
I like veer off to the left so it
doesn't hit the pimple I like slower
voice and when I have the camera yo I'm
gonna fuck up if you keep doing that
dude come on yeah
oh let's turn this stuff
come on bro you see that yeah mark can
you fit oh they're gonna mission you
just gotta get skinny I see it as well I
see the ball wait no I don't this is
this what I'm talking about this man
this is the man who gets things done get
it mark you're doing great what's it
like over there mark oh I'm hoping like
a police dog just comes out and attacks
you can you fit back and you have to
climb over it oh you look fly okay that
was cool yes sick parkour all right
let's continue this game
ah man feel how does it feel each other
I did but we read it we just said too
afraid you think we should play for fun
we played two out of three and I won the
second two games cuz I'm a beast I saw
the fight last night Conor McGregor he's
a humble guy and he took the chance to
apologize and I want to also take this
chance to apologize to absolutely nobody
I'd like to take this chance to
apologize absolutely nobody as I
overlooked the beautiful city of Los
Angeles I cannot help but reflect on the
fact that I'm a priest I beat the
foreigners at game view I beat the
American kid at ping pong someone's
taught me
just kidding he can ha not sure what the
movies tonight I know it involves food
100% food but yeah dude sunday is just
we vibe and dude we vibe a heavy out
here bro some time has passed we were
about to go get dinner and uh George
walks in you want to tell me what's
happening right now I knew it was
happening what it look like this I don't
know bro from this angle your hair is
covering your whole face are you okay
good John you got attention all across
the alienation everything as a man to be
tomorrow I wrote who doesn't know this
is what friendship sounds like what I'm
not boy we're at the restaurant rare
you're gonna eat a burger bro I'm gonna
eat tubers but what about the games and
the cuts brought this yeah what about
that one needs an excuse to work out
again okay smart that's a good way to
look at it I'm just here for the burger
come with Mark I'm not gonna lie there's
nothing on my plate right now but if a
burger just like here here like a second
oh snap yo that was grow these camera
tricks are dope why didn't I just move
my camera moved it down there got a
burger now budget woke up saying it was
gonna be a good Sunday just it's a
Sunday Funday and now I have a burger in
my hand and I'm about to put it in my
mouth it's so good for someone stop me
stop them I mean you don't dummy my
friend scoffs oh my boy actually try to
stop it that's my boy listening to what
I say
yeah oh that looks so good where you
going bro but before ya Dums joke faces
and alright squad that is it for today's
blog it's about time yo shut them up
thank you guys for watching I will see
you tomorrow tomorrow we have a very
busy day planned for us finally we were
shooting videos again for the main
YouTube channel Facebook Instagram it's
gonna be Christ's there so though we're
getting up bright and early and we're
gonna be shooting all day so yeah I will
see you guys tomorrow thank you for
watching as always if you are not
subscribed yet yo what are you waiting
for bro join the low gang
take it easy squad I'll see you tomorrow
I already said it once why not go for
three see you tomorrow peace
