enjoy your last dance because you're
about to die yo what did you know that
good morning low gang what's up okay so
to give you an idea of the type of night
we had last night and look at mark mark
how you doing you even awake right now
that's my boy fun night though huh it's
fun it's very crazy
I like that graham cracker guy his name
is marshmallow Oh close so yeah we went
to a concert of an artist named
marshmallow he's a DJ you may know him
because I used his song alone in my dad
video with Kevin Hart it's a song and
putting all my blog
yeah so marshmallow invited me to his
concert and they're like yo do you want
to go on stage and Deb and I was like
yeah so I did that I went on stage and I
dad why take my word when I have these
professionally shot videos to prove it
take a look
haha taking over the world one damn time
also at his concert I noticed some guy
repping the low gang dude check this out
low gang taking over the world one
marshmallow concert at a time anyways
let's get the day started some people
are yelling on the street I don't know
what's happening check this out I think
they're protesting for the pipeline and
climate change but I am gonna go say
what's up - maverick mark how you doing
good morning maverick hey hi yeah you
saw bro Devin on stage y'all must have
it's probably this is not news to anyone
okay so I'm hungry
as a growing boy going through puberty
I'm hungry so now I'm gonna go eat some
breakfast with my Mexican friend his
name is one that I believe is their
Native Americans protest against I'd
like to play flying to the bank or
something I wish I knew more about what
was going on maybe I can help
know something interesting going on in
Hollywood the next item on the agenda is
what no no hey hey yo yo we're not at
home you have nowhere to run like a womp
aleko dude where are you even going to
go you still have yet to get your own
food come on lapa
just get serious right now like why I
just always feel the need to take my
breakfast come on bro come on bro
I hate you off up yo you dude honestly I
am anybody oh my god I hate you what
buzzer Rita I hate you I know you can
hear me you know what I'm done with this
attitude bro oh you're jaywalking now
you're jaywalking now bro that's that's
good for one deportation from the
country not a job we have one illegal we
have one illegal DJ walk get him out of
the country
sorry to keep you waiting complicated
business I don't know man is he coming
back at the crib Oh I successfully got
wampa deported so uh ha ha way to go
Logan that's what you get for taking my
foods oh I don't know why it was up
sitting on that love sack right there
this one and I was watching youtube
videos came across this girl dancing
this dance called the shuffle look at
this dance how is she doing this it
looks like she's like gliding across the
floor I need to learn this dance right
now so when you look up tutorials
everyone knows this which one has the
most views we got one here with five six
point five million so let's do this MIDI
right yeah laughs I know fast I need to
step forward and I step this in forward
again I thought it up so any time you
step forward you slide back I don't
really
let's Coon high because it makes it
quite before when you guys I listen up
high and what you got wrong is you have
the scope of what ok this work is hard
like this ah it's this twisting one that
I'm having trouble with this one's hard
to heard from you wanna it comes over he
tells me he can shuffle you can shuffle
yeah let me see yo how front back right
twist back twist twist that everything
is on this but is much as much for
beautifully uh two months now get out of
my house I deported you I thought you
know I charge for this charge we do know
I bro I got living steering hand
wringing doing dubbed yeah yeah yeah I
will come back in thanks for teaching we
had a shuffle piece over here something
is hard bro okay I'm sweating right now
this is crazy I got the basics down
today but hopefully in like a week or
two dude I'll be shuffle expert shuffle
pro shuffle level math savage shuffle
shuffle savvy right now I'm a little
hungry little hungry so I'm making my
famous peanut butter Nutella Georgie
again with a peanut butter
I'm a tree addicted forever talk with
you I am addicted yeah bro I'm making it
cuz it's freaking delicious peanut
butter Nutella wrap strawberries way no
bueno cup of strawberries put my Nutella
put my peanut butter and George is going
through a bit of a problem over here you
guys remember that video I was shot the
other day of me in the paramedic costume
and I got naked on the street
well that was uh my boys video here and
he accidentally deleted all the footage
I feel that felt better
yeah felt way better you said have you
said I'm like bomba honestly like is if
it's not meant to be Simon to be that's
a dumbest ever heard of my life I wasted
my time for your video now I was gone I
don't but the guy just had time laying
around what am i making snacks and
learning how to shuffle no like I might
I'm is obviously shadow fashion today
dude I can't do it King G to me bro tree
oh god he's so freakin good at it why
are all my friends so good at it please
please teach me George here
yeah well you're being dangerous I have
what happened Alexa play alone by
marshmallow I had to I had no choice
alone by marginal oh thanks technology
No
I'm learning him but to do the honors
and Mamma Mia boom how luscious as
always oh are you vlogging wrong
tell me why you're vlogging when you
wouldn't know this blog like I do know
this vlog I don't think you do look at
this that is the vlog you can go what
happened you sure you get attacked by
raccoon haha he called you a bitch wow
that was my hair pastor what other what
oh good yeah it is and the low gang to
know that cuz I made it yesterday's vlog
mom's not the best part about this whole
ordeal is right here nips yeah yeah I'm
looking I'm looking for Alex Alex to get
that placement Legolas is he in here
yeah yeah he's here Oh Drake flamingos
up in this bitch oh la la you never fail
to disappoint me oh my god this is not
real life looks like ice cream it looks
like sherbert put the big gun down bro
put the fake gun down chill take it easy
bro okay that's a real gun we just
painted the tip orange it's a real gun
dude shit dude this is it's a real gun
here's the proper vlog introduction get
me up
Alexandre everybody regressive every
time I come you just would try to
overpower me try it just because you
work out come on yeah you see every
decision every time you just wanna show
me how strong you are I'm a savage Gomi
how warm you are inside come here buddy
it's good to see you it's good this is
what I want
hey we're this is this is a weird thing
man that we're doing put up us yo
straight from Brooklyn up Brooklyn
inventor of you wouldn't know this
that's him that's him he got a shirt yo
the shirt that you got me have you worn
it once yeah where is it
this piece our dude vlogging wouldn't
know this he ever camera it's a my boy
you wouldn't know this vlog life I got
you so good you ready are you going Alex
yeah because right
that's nice no you guys cool with uh
like I know you guys a little camera shy
people with their love you cool in this
wait a second are you blogging you
logging you I thought it's lunch I'll
wait up wait one second is everyone
vlogging right Walker doing the big mugs
oh is this it Oh escape hotel I was
gonna say how so I don't know if you
guys have done an escape room before but
this is the most legit one that I've
been to right now like everything is so
professional and expensive and high
quality even these girls you guys are
great gonna fill out the waiver signed
my life away this might be a bit
negative of me bro but like if I like
died in the escape room I'm down I don't
think what I'm down but like I'm down I
put me as a decoration exactly like this
guy if I die I could contribute to the
escape room like this thing sit on the
bike mark I'm not sitting on this little
bike Oh God oh you want to play a little
game enjoy your last dance because
you're about to die yo what did you
either that yeah I got I got one
question you trying to smash right now
smash
yeah we killed that what am I too loud
in Holland again am I one of the crazy
people and that nice work team someone
stopped me on Hollywood Boulevard yo
know what quizzes were here right no I
walked home and the Mexicans are outside
of my house stealing my wife I was a
good wife I Elise of course yeah that's
what I thought bro we only got that cop
not a minute oh yeah
welcome to the 21st century ladies and
gentlemen where kids are glued to their
phone oh I'm trying to buy this fight
right now it's next to impossible
because I don't know what freakin
channels you know what channel it's on I
need help dude and beyond just finding a
channel like I'm talking about in life
like in general just I need help super
helmet how do you up and down and you
expect me to believe you're gonna find
the channel this remote needs to be
pointed at the cable box Thatta boy
technology welcome to the crib ah boy
you brought food that's my boy this
looks amazing bro oh no what happened I
don't know what happened but everyone
just showed up right now in front is
getting ridiculous bro sometimes in life
these things happen you know this is one
of those times I think the dopest thing
about this is that there's only two
girls here so Natalie I appreciate you
and Lizzie that's cool mark my boy yo
take it easy take it yeah
Marga way I'm zoomed in you look like a
savage dude thanks for bringing one of
the two girls bro yeah oh and oh oh I
don't know
savage McGregor let's go man discerning
over the dog whose dog is this
I need this dog in my life hey Amanda
you wrote me food no no Johnny thought
no no no don't eat the dog you had
either done oh this is this is the
cutest thing I've ever seen in my life
this fight is cool but this is happening
right now no no let's talk about the dog
good McGregor Alvarez yeah oh my god
this dog is so cute yeah I'm a little
bumpy a little you thought you found a
mate Alex this is amazing
oh oh stop this man
he's getting that Instagram pic right
now you know he's getting that Instagram
pic yo so that's it for today's vlog
Conor McGregor my man you are a savage
and I know you watch my vlogs let's see
your comments I'm quite flattered Peter
not comment on yeah he does bro he's not
he's amazing but what what is it he's in
he's in the logging he's not he's his he
was going to within your call your
pimple on your face yo
this is getting bad people it's like
wicked eat you the big I'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget to subscribe
take it easy peace did that work no
alright are there
number one one two three I met a big
bitch last night
