ah it's official Vogel Paul got
catfished
good morning low get myself in the face
good morning low game with so if you
watched yesterday's vlog will first off
if you haven't watch and go watch it
right now because that explains what's
happening here ladies and gentlemen I
give you the most savage Christmas tree
of 2016 we got condom wrappers on the
tree we got condoms on the tree we got
lights on the tree and most importantly
whoa wait whoa where's the star dog
George where to start
oh whoa easy mark I got the star oh you
got this stuff I got this every time I
got you for not dancing with us George
George of the jungle yo but real talk
why did you take it down I didn't so
what happened was what happened was I
came home last night about yo stars gone
no there's I see you in bed sleeping no
joke with this you didn't say go go did
you
oh listen I'm not gonna make the cut
okay y'all y'all definitely didn't hear
that story uh go ahead put the star back
on the top of the tree get the star up
there hobbling to my to lobby little
fuzzy Augustus you it fell down right
dad fell down it's all yeah oh that is a
girthy stars beautiful yeah not the
first time I've done that yeah I know
you did it
Oh yesterday in the log but what did you
say huh boy going survivors or something
I'm gonna cut the camera cleat you like
actually did that I thought I was joking
yeah what do you say we say I put it up
author she put it in pretty well I'm not
going wait what the real work of course
that was bad can we get that on what I'm
William I'm embarrassed I was gonna say
we are gonna go get some breakfast
my boy George is apparently out of
energy so I'm will go ahead and wake him
up yeah
yo look at this man's leg look at these
tree trunks Oh easy bro easy put those
legs down you can't put him higher than
me bro holy shit those are foreskin
redwoods dawg
you plant seeds here you get redwoods
from them seed damn bread oh my games
balls you see easy bill contains balls
that's what's up let's go I'm gonna wait
here till you touch my knuckles it's
gonna be dope I'm just gonna be chill
here gains clothes all day catch my
luckless just gonna be away here just
just to just touch my number so it's not
weird so brad has the legs of Jack the
giant slayer me not so much but I am
working on them I will say my thighs are
bigger than my cats for all the male
followers that watch these videos I'm so
sorry you had to see that
Mike chicken legs will be I'm sorry for
screaming I'm not gonna stop though
we'll be gone soon I promise like what
is this guy doing I'm blog and broke you
we didn't know this blog well I just
wanted to point out here's I'm walking
so slow and my boys are up ahead of me
these glasses like this is the kind of
stuff that it makes it look amazing like
I can see all these colors now and
everything's so bright and amazing imma
put my leg up there Wow can I do an egg
white omelet with my man is vlogging
what he's about to eat yo no one cares
that you about to eat cuz I'm a man can
I do the garden Benedict ballmart wow
this is a make I can compare this to the
Mona Lisa hello that excuse me while I
smash smash
the prophecy is true oh I can finally
breathe I am strong so I can stand on
mountains you raise me up as far as I
can see I love you guys
was about to walk in my house and notice
I got some packages on package Cooper
come here packages we got here
yipe whoa that was impressive he's
passing out okay yo don't my boy you
can't die because you can't die me shit
dad I was in here well judging by the
size and the people it's from I'm saying
Nike oh look at these oh god oh god oh
god there's a note Logan this was meant
to deliver a month ago setback sincerest
apologies hope you'd Happy Thanksgiving
ex Nicole Nicole ex back kisses I think
there's something going on between you
two
beautiful yeah Spray cute
yeah Cola watching this video like and
comment like a comment why would you do
that for what are you doing dad box
number two must be nice
yeah bro it is nice bro Nike I love you
and workout what did you just say mom
looking behind you bro this inning now
available on YouTube red nothing to do
this but I name is promotion I don't
care didn't remember a time and I'm
gonna put the picture right there
where you were absolutely shredding
extruded yeah yeah so what did happen to
that Logan Paul that I lost I'm not
gonna lie that was like a thing bro like
I got ripped for the movie bro let me
have you tell the viewers about that
time and and are you ready are you ready
who's the thing yo what the fuck dude
I'm sorry yeah dude listen you know
Jimmy's a bad acne day what are you
doing
I'm sorry locals why are you pushing
into my face well it won't happen again
I promise
I that's not boy yeah we're boys do
freaked out a little yeah yeah don't do
that again Marvin
vlogging so just chill for one second
face alright you two today good hi yeah
I you just thought you're talking about
like like now yeah if you could just
kind of stop what no stop okay today got
kind of a designated and Aaron's day I
got maverick some food even though he's
being a whiny little bitch
I'm gonna do some laundry if you guys
haven't seen this yet this is a thing do
not forget oh actually you know what I'm
gonna face I'm Evan and show it to him
come on
of it yeah Evan I need you to take a
look at something magical here we go
ready cuz oh yo look at this bro Oh yo
Evan do you see how beautiful you look
bro bro you're reaching your finger out
and I'm about look at there's me Evan yo
shut the fuck you looking all know about
that nickname know what dope it's cool
hey I'm a tall person though for once yo
dude you're a tall person now you might
be a girl but it's okay bro okay I love
you bro I hope to see you soon and don't
forget to brush your teeth before you
goodbye the night I thanks dad I love
you bye buddy no 1s mom my god so I
don't know why I've never showed you
guys this but maverick knows tricks like
he knows how to do some things I'm gonna
keep them special but I might as well do
one right now better turn around turn
around
good birdie ha ha ha yo you see that son
my bird is a stud I'm slowly turning
into one of those weird bird people
she's also I don't want to blue ball
anyone but I think one of my friends
named Daniel is coming with a goat which
we are going to walk down Hollywood
Boulevard
yes I go was weird what you walk down
Hollywood Boulevard you heard me say yo
I walk upstairs now I look outside what
times maybe 4:20 and it's already
getting John why man there's got to be
something we can do about this make a
petition or something that says that we
don't set the cock cock cock clocks back
you know anyway speaking of a clocks um
yesterday's video yesterday's vlog which
I said to go watch this video may be
inappropriate for some users sign in to
confirm your age you read that right uh
we got age restricted on yesterday's
video I gotta say uh that was my first
age restriction on a video I'm sorry for
those of you who aren't able to watch it
my bed
still new to this YouTube thing bro I
don't even consider myself a youtuber
you I'm an actor content creator
entertainer ex vine star youtubers I'm
still learning you guys are learning
with me and that was a learning
experience you cannot show up in your
vlogs and apparently my savage trees so
savage I have to blur the whole thing up
Wow
look how beautiful it is oh just kidding
you can't see any of it but screw it
Brown in the mean time was the goat dude
where's the go two hours later hey guys
so I decided to lay down for a little
bit and I've fallen asleep for like an
hour and a half aka the story of my life
and Daniel the guy Daniel the guy with
the ghost he hasn't hit me up you know
it's been three hours since he said I'm
leaving and he said he was only an hour
away but oh wait just one second Daniel
does this mean my young am I getting
catfished I mean cause on my block oh
I'm just I'm thinking I'm like yo this
guy he says he has a go I've never met
him before my leg this is this makes no
sense and I've been texting him for a
while at like cuz he he reach out to me
he's like yo let's do like awesome stuff
and stuff and now that is crunch time
I'm like yo this guy might not even
exist and I'm not gonna lie to you kids
your boys been catfished before I know
how I feel I know how the catfish is do
their thing and it feels a lot like that
so I don't know what to do I don't know
what to do man I'm always trying to
bring the heat for you guys the good
content by the way you do not know what
catfish is it's to lure someone into a
relationship by means of a fictional
online persona ah I guess I'm just
waiting for right now to see if the
Daniels exists I don't know all right
I'm not gonna lie to you guys I don't
know what Oh
he texted me oh wait thanks me I'm
walking on sunset and Seward I'm not
that far from you dude I'm gonna go get
this guy's I'm gonna go get this guy
yeah well okay yo now that it comes down
to it I kind of hate myself I don't know
wow I thought some guy was gonna bring a
goat to Holly
not tonight just some guy some guy I've
never met in my life dude I don't even
know where to start looking he said he
was like on these two crossroads but I
don't know okay okay
okay I'm gonna give homie a ring your
call has been forwarded to a non
forwarded to an automated
voice-messaging system
Daniel fucker gasps oh my god you
kidding me right now maybe his phone
died maybe he does exist I don't know
I'm just gonna kind of walk down the
street and see if I see some guy walking
or go to him no whoa what up G I'm
looking for a guy with a goat okay cool
it my son wait why are you forgot bro
some guy reached out to me he said he
had a go and I got tricked into I think
I'm gonna cap this bro you're just
meeting a guy Brahmaji come on des I
judge you I'm gonna go try to find this
go I'll talk to you later buddy
did you just say bye like ago yo look
who it is
look who it is yo first off my car is
sexy especially with you in a second off
bro I'm looking for a guy with a goat
why are you looking for a guy with a
goat I'm looking for this guy bro who's
like y'all got his goat let's walk him
down Hollywood I love fun stuff so I
said yes and now I think he's catfishing
me bro you supposed to meet me here at 4
dog 6:30 6:30 nothing we take a drive
down Sunset and and and see if we see
some guy walking ago you can why I have
things I have to do what new you don't
what you have to do I gotta eat and work
out yeah join the club bro but I'm gonna
sketch but you're not when's you work
out
an hour and a half yeah me too bro
you're fine just one drive down son slow
thanks bro
I hope you get all your stuff done you
busy man he's not busy okay my eyes are
peeled for a man with a goat I do not
see one at this moment it'd be too hard
to find right like a guy was the goat
probably gonna stand out a little bit I
am on Seward Street and sunset which is
where he said he was I don't know why he
would even be down here this is like a
mile away from my house and I see no man
with the goat I do not see a goat nor a
man huh you I don't know man I don't
know man
ah it's official Vogel Paul got
catfished being catfished sucks dude I'm
I'm pissed man my just dosterone levels
are really really high right now and
what a most upset about is this is the
second time this has happened to me I
was in college once and and this
happened to me with some girl and like
the whole thing was just a disaster and
I'm reliving all those feelings oh wow
there's only one way I could get all
this stress and emotions out of me you
can probably already guess with Daddy
I know so that is it for today's vlog I
got the pump in I'm feeling good feeling
swole not so pissed anymore XM make no
mistake December 6 is the day Logan Paul
got catfished I hope you never have to
go through something like that man I've
never wanted to play with the goat on
Hollywood Boulevard more in my life
but sometimes in life these things
happen oh so for the og low gang members
if you remember that show foursome that
I was always on set shooting remember
the set I always liked I kicked off over
here that's it well the show is now live
on YouTube right the first episode is
free uh I'm gonna put the link in the
description below if you want to watch
your boy being sad speaking of that
savage tree double speaking of that here
is a ah a little clip from the show
sports family dabbing all things I take
hella seriously cuz I'm a savage I boom
that is it for the vlog I love y'all
hashtag low gang for life I'll see y'all
tomorrow
take it easy peace without a bad one I'm
gonna just cover it with my hand now
just kidding hair
yes I'm about to walk it with those
easy easy dog I'm vlogging chill
