oh you have a big eye and a big
dictionary ah good morning low gang
what's up yo I got energy today
I got vibes let's go and I think it's
because y'all listen to this I have
nothing on my schedule today
nothing I've had like chill days like
days where I have like maybe like one
meeting or like one phone call today
nothing I want phone call but other than
that like nothing and I'm not gonna lie
to you I don't know what to do with my
life literally I have no idea
also let me point out I left these
candles on overnight like while I was
sleeping
yeah I was very dumb of me that was very
dumb especially sitting next to an
aerosol can come on Logan now you do to
yourself
Logan Marc was here he'd killed but on
the bright side the house smells great
ha ha so yeah ah today is a blank canvas
yeah let's go see what maverick the
parrot is doing you generally ha ha ha
ha did you slip on your hat did you slip
on earth I think it ha ha ha ha I
thought you were just always a dreamer
you actually dude you wanted to why is
this lift I was a combination of that
and the way that acoustics work here bro
I thought it came from downstairs I'm
like yo no one's in my outside now like
and I didn't give the door all I heard
was wrong road and I look and there was
no one and I thought I was being ghosted
dude my boy good morning my boy guess
what know what I put the deposit in the
place you're gonna be neighbors George
is moving
that's customs up the Babur
my boy yo what are you doing what are
you doing why are you down here why are
you down here maverick why are you
poking up yo what who do you think you
are bro what did you just say to me
wait yo you're a devil child lately how
nobody a few moments later oh oh I heard
something of this my boy is back my boy
my boy
I know he's back o is back yeah now you
know you are George George George bro
are clean a house dude thank you so I
got you bro
nose is clean off but I will say come
here checkers out these candles bro I
left them on overnight
yo let this huh for three days oh yeah
you are no more responsible than I am
bro oh yeah who would see that come on
wait you mark you left this on like that
for three days three days now I'm upset
you can't be doing that no you're not no
no check this out they were gonna leave
for one week right I left my keys in
here so Mike aw crap so I had to dangle
myself from this balcony from my
neighbor's like I could be like guys
this is I have to do to get my seeds
from all over that by the way if anybody
knows me I'm deadly afraid I so this is
me I'm up against the wall okay again
it's either how all the candles are lit
how you messing up like if it's one
candle I get it it was like six how do
you mess that up how do you forget to
turn off my candle you're a baby bro so
here's a question for you boys what are
we doing today we all have free agendas
let's do something something fun
something fun that's the first rule the
yo rule it involves penis
must have three schedules we're gonna do
the jumping traveling it's gonna burn a
lot of calories calories yeah I look
like I need to lose weight Georgie
do you want us to answer but mark I'm
glad you're back up talk to you later
that's me
we're outside we're going to get some
food I made the mistake what are you
doing are you vlogging me vlogging
Rosati
let's get one thing straight you
wouldn't know that log like you would
not know this vlog live hashtag vlog did
I mean mistake wearing this hat hash I
get an act how many hashtags Jesus and
it's hot as balls yo but I did bring
these sexy sexy shades do you think of
these shades one what Georgie what
Georgie wait wait a sec where did George
go what do you think these shades bro
pretty dope right hey Mark you likes my
shades and the hat get nack on a
supplement for mark as you can see would
wait for me yeah this is for you the
menopause advantage so whenever you hit
menopause go ahead you'll get
disadvantaged now you're dropping things
in this store that's not cool Martha so
awkwardly putting it back this guy's
like yours I can't menopause right now
what's better than one Gaines mode two
capable
okay I think we got the shot it's funny
how in Hollywood so many crazy people
and we still managed to get looked at
like we're the crazy one wait a second
we know we are the crazy people oh my
god all right let me stop you real quick
it was a Rubik you know we just walked
by that's the spot where I met Chloe
have you guys seen yesterday's vlog if
you have not go go watch it because I
actually had talked to Chloe where I met
her in that Starbucks Starbucks garvik
new brand want to make a brass talk
about yeah I talked to a Chloe from
Starbucks yesterday if you have not seen
that vlog go watch it cuz it's lit bro
whoa you would have known this so I
don't know if I have told you this yet
Logan but this movie that I'm shooting
I'm actually leaving Sunday to go to
Atlanta wait listen
what yeah well they're gonna go for a
while yeah for months this Sunday yeah
thank God oh yeah guys I'm leaving this
Sunday for Atlanta to live in Atlanta
for a month shooting this movie I'm an
actor bro they got bras
I got drugs in the lungs but I think
this might be the last time we like grow
out and eat a meal screen so knuckles in
and then maybe well you guys know like
kiss or something or what anyways let's
go cut finished our meal I still haven't
showered yet here smell me bro either
it's okay looks like a gay hospital
again
yo yo this girl is beautiful oh my god
this girl is beautiful hey hey can I get
your number
good take my number back at the crib Oh
rocking the Jimmy Neutron hair there's
Jimmy do I look like him can you tell
wasallam hop in the shower and go become
civil fat so if you'll excuse me
yo what's up nice and clean nice and
shaved how you doing ladies and this is
why I'm single yeah you know what boils
my blood look at this this is just
unbelievable man this is just crazy man
not this not the beautiful sunset fun
time it's this it's the fact that it's
dark and it's only 5:00 p.m. boo came up
with this schedule like why does it get
dark so early now man like it depresses
me dare I say it depresses me
I need lion eat Lions do the laugh look
at the inside of the apartment right now
with no lights on this is just no bueno
dude I'm forced to turn on the blue
lights which I don't have a problem with
this dope it just dog what about this
okay we just got a new president write a
message to Donald because I know you
watch my vlogs
I'll see you comments and you can't hide
you got to do something about this man
this is just getting ridiculous
uh-uh I've got a pimple coming in
there's gonna be a real son of a bitch
oh yeah anyways I have a TD if you can
tell Oh sort of butterfly head dude I've
never seen orange clouds in my life
before this is snow I'm speechless
I don't even know what I'm saying right
now this has got to be one of the best
guys that I've seen in Los Angeles oh my
god all right all right all right peeps
it is Jim ton Jim time Jim time feeling
a little tired so I got it oh ah look
myself up a bit
ah that is hurt oh boy yeah get a
concussion ruin my day and the rest of
my life ha ha is the gym
looking at me all Jim like and stuff I'm
gonna conquer you today Jim let's go
could join me in the gym oh boy
problem this is mine I was wearing it
today look how good I look in that right
nothing doesn't matter
bro what he called me and said can I
wear a tank I say sure my favorite tank
George just needs to come off now no I'm
sorry for some ladies no wait kick how
you doing I don't think so I don't steal
men don't steal my lady fans bro don't
steal my lady Pinto Jay you go put this
back row oh whoa oh oh my gosh hacky
sack my boy my boy skillful ah-ah yikes
oh you change tank why you wearing a
dress
I admit because it's mine and I'm like
twice as tall I'm sorry I'm sorry let's
work out okay here we go Loki wake up
this is where we fight Oh Sandman let me
wake up oh my
my mind is wandering into that dimension
again Wow okay that's it all I need was
a little warmer am I talking loud right
now I can't hear you okay I say all I
needed was a little warm-up and now I'm
in the zone baby so let's go
we must have some work
yeah thanks for the enthusiasm in my
vlog George I told you you wouldn't know
this vlog life here's the pot right now
so normally after my workouts you know
the vlog is done however low gang today
as you could probably tell I didn't
really do anything like at all we're
just getting started baby starting from
this point starting right now I will be
vlogging straight for the next 24 hours
hahaha that's a joke never actually you
know what maybe not never feel like I do
the whole thing like 24 hours straight
blog like a vlog you mentoree yeah
anyways uh Dorrit and I are actually
going to go to dinner I'm gonna go on a
little bro date with our other bro mark
because I'm leaving for this movie on
Sunday pretty much moving to Atlanta for
a month to shoot this film yeah I'm
gonna miss my boys you know I'm gonna
miss him so we're just trying to savor
this time we had together
isn't that right Georgie Georgie George
comical shower this is definitely gonna
become a problem this pimple here yeah
that's gonna be a real son of a bitch so
yeah see you guys have all cleaned up
ready to go here we go ready oh did that
transition work I don't know I don't
know boys I'm gonna do something crazy
Loco bro yeah come here come go I'm
crazy pop crazy
I made a ring ah yo this is our second
threesome bro day of the day is
threesome bro day how we're trying to
spend a lot of time with you before you
go you know I know B industry they call
for the movie industry one movie at a
time
Wow mark you're good at dancing but I
want to know wait move to your right
move to right I want a relationship like
this one right here
oh you want a picture with Jake Paul
yeah let's do it bro just make sure to
tag me on instagram at jake paul heck
yeah dude
Jake Paul Jake Paul in the house yo Jake
if you're watching this I hate you bro
ha ha ha peaking of Jake Paul we're
about to go on a bookstore and I think
his books
I think his books are in store can you
verify I cannot bear I heard they were
let's go look so many books but where is
Jake Paul's book whoa you have a big eye
and a big dictionary it's not that big
oh oh wait before I go I'm definitely
buying this dude yo Guinness Book of
World Records let's see if we can break
something King bachelors in here wait no
no no he's not I'm gonna break him off
Guinness Book of World Records bro we
gonna break up we gonna break all of it
all of them bad oh yes roll this gonna
make for some good vlog content and also
good for hitting Georgia with sorry I'm
sorry sorry sorry he's good blog contest
what's up you want to take a busy jig
ball let's do it
by guys of course Lee I'm sorry have a
nice day I'm not doing well so I'm
actually gonna put down the block camera
for a little bit I know a little gang
I'm sorry I just don't want to spend the
last couple moments with my boys man
this might be the last runner we have
till at the end of the year so mark do
you want to hear something everybody out
on one no so we're back home dinner was
delicious literally I stuffed my face
with food I mean I chewed the food with
that like I went to my dumb joke I'm
gonna stop that's it for today's vlog
guys oh yeah you saw that yeah I'm
actually like hype this but that's for
another day today I just want to thank
you guys watching low gang for life as
always if you have not yet subscribed
obviously but ring that Bell there's
that Bell thing it's you ring it and
you're in the notification squad do it
haha thank you guys for watching I'll
see you tomorrow
Logan I love you take it easy
Wow someone's doing this noise who's
doing this noise wow I'm like I'm like
who is doing this noise row
