ready set go
I'm fast good morning low gang wassup ha
ha first thing of the day I'm spit some
facts fact we gained two hundred and
thirty three thousand subscribers on
Saturday fact the low gang is the
fastest growing channel on planet Earth
at this moment in time and fact today is
gonna be damn a hit those notes bro yes
today I dressed up my complete choch boy
American outfit got a couple other
things here and looking like an idiot
dope and we're gonna be riding
motorcycles we're gonna be rollerblading
through the streets naked I don't know
if that last one's gonna happen but I'm
so down bro ha but yeah the reason I
said that is cuz like do you guys know
this we had a million one of the
greatest days of my life I will never
forget that on being able to inspire
people like that and do that type of
thing is freaking though map before we
get poppin one last thing ready great I
got it down here bringing it up I got
the snapchat glasses bro now these are
not fixed my colorblindness but look at
they do let me snapchat yeah
bro I could be new snapchat model no I'm
not probably not okay point is we're
gonna be using these today as well as my
cure colorblind glasses where are those
here we go yeah so gonna be seeing color
we're gonna be riding motorcycles
rollerblading snapchatting with the
glasses gonna be amazing okay I'm done
holding you up let's uh dab and go ready
there we go deaf and go hey yo maverick
you trying to get snapchat it god no oh
buddy why are you on the ground what are
you doing why did you did not know Mary
I'm not gonna take a dick pic with the
snapchat glasses come on if you have not
seen this my boy is building a nest back
there why what you're never gonna lay
eggs maverick your mail your mail per
mail personal do that America let's go
blind guy just saw you on YouTube yes
that's my boy not anymore though I got
the glasses on my G hey good to see you
brah take it easy dope anyways as I was
saying headed to Santa Monica beach but
first I need to fuel up get some food in
my stomach I'm gonna eat something you
probably already know what it is
okay whoa guys guys guys in the middle
of the road I'm leaving out about you
smash attack this games will look at how
beautiful this looks
yeah bro hahaha go America yeah you want
a picture again hey hey what's up this
is a video yes you got me
oh no I actually did not come here alone
I am looking for someone someone by the
name of Jake Paul who happens to be you
guessed it my brother AJ guy J Jackie I
see that's that guy what do you mean one
of my way whoa whoa
your shoes are dope I'm not gonna lie to
ya bro what are we doing today uh we're
riding motorcycles Oh the fully electric
motor bikes okay that we build don't
require our license and registration to
ride
what oh that's trouble on the sidewalk
whoa top speed of 40 miles per hour and
the funnest all the ride yo we racing
today I mean if you want to lose okay
I'm teaching you how to do this bro
please because I tried and there's no
now working but first please apologize
you have to say that the little brothers
always right
I'll take this back bro it's not worth
it yeah Jake I changed my mind can you
have please help me I got you right you
don't have to say that it's just implied
yeah but do I need to connect to
bluetooth or something no wait oh look
at that
wait what four seconds you just got it
the little brother is always better bro
I'm gonna give that to you I'm gonna
give that to you and you look good thank
you go yep yo this is okay so I pressed
this button and apparently I'm recording
now I'm recording now hey someone give
me a high five you have I Hey so we're
gonna put our helmets on and get ready
to go here but then we're gonna transfer
completely probably to these glasses so
you can see me smoking my bro hey yo I'm
gonna smoke you dawg
yeah yeah we're definitely gonna get ran
over back
yo these are so lit bro I think we're at
a Venice Beach right now which is
actually funny it's the snapchat
headquarters HQ should go tell them that
their glasses don't work unless you have
a little brother
ha ha ha yo you think we're allowed to
ride these on the boardwalk now work
we're definitely not allowed to ride
these on the boardwalk at all should we
do it 100% chance oh boy I don't know
how you're allowed to ride these without
a license or ID but my problem because
we don't have either of those the
license or any form of identification so
if we get caught and pulled over by the
police Tara or not the best the key is
that these bikes have pedals as you can
see so when the cops arrest us and
they're like yo you can't be riding into
it we're like no dawg I'm just riding my
bike yo I want you to film me going
off-road cuz you said my bike is really
good at going off-road yeah ready
yeah that's my boy
Oh almost died ah I knew that was gonna
happen the important lesson to learn
here is wear your helmet kids because
safety first just give you yeah we
started to head back I don't know where
my little brother is Jack Jack yo where
did this kid go have you guys seen a
little blond kid he's on the Disney show
Buzard vark he goes here we go damn it
yeah I found it where did you go Jack
dad what did you do my bike broke and I
don't know what happened I was stranded
I started crying bro that makes you a
bitch oh yeah I had hit a red light
literally right after I laughed in his
face video Jake's just please snapchat
spectacles fell off his head and they're
sitting in the street in a thousand
pieces
yo I feel so bad I feel so bad they're
just there's just pieces of snapchat
spectacles in the street you'll by the
way this this helmet and snapchat
glasses an American flag outfit makes me
look like a fucking idiot yo but I still
rock it though Josh yo that was
incredible
good kick it in baby Josh those things
are amazing yeah we'll see you soon
tan this is sexy sexy please tell me
goodbye Jake
sorry about your glasses yo so that was
awesome we are on our way to the next
location which is another Beach I
believe the beach were going to is a
Manhattan Beach maybe Hermosa Beach but
most of these out on pointers we're
going to beat so we're gonna be blading
around the beach rollerblading promised
you boy don't have no roller plane so I
gotta give me some air so I just got out
of a car and now he's easy he's on vlog
and said he could just chill with the
cars every dumb thing my boy is picking
me up
apparently he's like the ultimate blader
he's the one who told me to wear my
quote-unquote blade outfit so that like
explains to get up here his name is Jake
as well just like my brother Jake yeah
there is way red white blue red white
blue red white blue goo goo goo boy
buddy you're gonna blade down the whole
thing yo but Jake you're actually good
right I've been known to I've been known
to hit the puck but maybe don't leave me
in the dust
oh no skater I think we're gonna just
enjoy the view we got some dope views
here yeah that's good for you dope
Sunset damn thinking we keep it between
bow down out 30 40 mph whatever you're
so good oh man you're gonna smoke me
okay I would have to rely on my little
knowledge of skateboarding and
athleticism to carry me through the day
please athlete gods give me your
strength but okay the destination is
right there the bike and skate rentals
yeah yo are these the blades those are
the blades oh I smell the speed the
blaze fresh blades and my blades are the
freshest cuz a lot of people don't know
that the roller blades are just shoes
with wheels on the bottom of them uh
yeah uh my spectacles on and I got my
backpack now I'm gonna stand up try this
blade a little bit here we go
okay do my chicken leg with extra
chicken e on my okay
they look pretty chicken II but like it
suits you it's okay yeah okay let's play
a little bit please but I can do it here
we go good yo he's so good wow
so look there's my shadow this is how
you guys are gonna watch me blade
because I can't feel myself I'm not that
good
look at this trumpet coming out of the
building that looks amazing it's a 3d
trumpet I can't stop really but yo that
building is so horny haha you get it
honey it's a pun it's stupid
okay I'm gonna quit YouTube sorry yo see
Jake I can't stop bro I got it I'm just
gonna kind of lean on these cars like no
I got I got it yeah I got I got okay
sorry I'm inside a store let's get some
food I got my pita we are going to go
down to the beach so I can smash the
deck this thing hit the dad will avoid
see my pita pop that's gonna bear go
before you can no longer use pita
that's a shot
that's shots done that was bum like
next-level bomb my man Jake here is
doing something incredible yo shows a
low gang this long dab Shawn bro show
him what you got this is called the long
dab kids and he's me he's speeding up
takes his position off you got it okay
he's speeding up he's gaining speed
gaining balance he takes his position
looking and look at the focus look at
the pool and savage
and with that long day bro hit him with
that grab oh my god 2,000 years later on
the hill da fuck you Joey right I go to
hell along those issues slow down on me
Logan fuck that guy snuck into the
street got to do it for the vlog man hey
bro you were - no this vlog live on Matt
it's all about that long
you wouldn't know are you when you were
filming at the Burbank Airport a couple
weeks ago yeah I do ready I'm on record
say something do something dad welcome
Paul guys everybody check out his vlog
oh my gosh this man is the man no
bicycles dogs motorized bicycles
skateboards or alcohol on the pier well
yo I don't see rollerblades on there
let's get it if the dapper this man
doesn't know the way you know the vlog
light turns out these guys might know
the vlog light are you guys doing like a
couple blog it's just my blog what's
your name logan paul vlogs
whoa oh snap this beautiful hole yo this
is amazing
Hey
this girl comes up to me she goes you're
watching vlogs all the time you're a
little gangster totally my girl she
doesn't even know what it means oh yeah
what what's the name of our group I'm
looking I'm your subscriber
hey okay I see maybe she read it
high-five God so rollerblading was
maximum witness level jake has convinced
me that we need to do a four mile Sunset
Beach run on soft sand bro this is
impossible if I don't throw up that pita
that I ate earlier I'm gonna be
disappointed like jumping around right
now I already feel it Boston all right
yeah tell you good thing I'm putting my
pants on right now because I would shit
my pants from excitement is it wrong
here we go beetron baby there we go
beach on here carnie are we cheating cuz
we're using the tracks okay we made to
the is the four mile mark is out that is
more mile mark but I wanna make a little
interesting ruff what yeah what do you
think we have to bet but like let's do a
little friendly race okay I'll check
each I'll do my best
all right I'm a sprinter bro real ready
set go
I'm fast yo yo
where's the air where's the I ah ah we
drove back to Jake's place yo I'm
exhausted cuz Oh sometime looks like
litter I was asleep the whole the whole
trip home Thank You Bo
knuckle-touch for bonding you want to
see you soon brother I love you oh so
back at the crib oh oh my goodness that
was quite the day for motorcycling two
blade into death goddamn son I'm feeling
good right now thank you guys for
watching the vlog as per usual if you
were not a part of the low gang make
sure to subscribe I love you guys I will
see you tomorrow
take it easy peace
it's your big
