ah okay uh-oh now brown cow excuse me
for one second just waking up a little
bit and action was poppin love gag good
morning okay so here's what's happened
today and I'm a Rica that means America
where I live it is election day so by
the time you're watching this vlog a new
president will be chosen definitely
gonna be hell are you know it's gonna be
Donald Trump
shut up no you shut up Ron the point is
they're both probably right it's gonna
be probably Hillary or Donald Trump
either one of those presidents are going
to win a fast Logan its future Logan uh
yeah I already saw the election I'm
actually watching another TV by me right
now Donald Trump won so yeah either way
I gotta get a bit more festive so this
is coming off and this is going on this
is a baby don't in keeping with the
festivities I'm gonna tell you guys what
else is popping while whistling the tune
of America fact we hit half a million
subscribers in less than two months in
59 vlogs we hit half a million
subscribers you guys this must be some
sort of record like that's amazing
that's amazing you guys low gang is lit
right now look at this watch this come
on seriously
though you guys that is can dope so uh
let's keep growing the family and be
awesome I should be plenty and then the
last thing before we get the day started
off you saw the end of yesterday's vlog
oh my god this poor giraffe I don't even
know how this happened
who you voting for this election Logan
broad did you just talk to me drive
anyways yeah homeboy had a rough rough
day yesterday
let's just see what's up with never ever
oh god he's under here he's scheming
again maverick who you vote for Oh God
Oh chill bro chill okay I get it I feel
your pain my G I do yeah I agree but you
gotta go vote you have to go vote
maverick you're an American you know no
you can't have that attitude you cannot
have that attitude man
you got a respect you're an American you
got to respect your country okay so go
vote today okay peeps I don't know why I
stepped outside for that okay peeps the
first item on the agenda we are shooting
a video for my friend King back true
right yeah
King badge I get to dress up as a cop
arrest some people a batch is probably
gonna make me say some racist things
he's gonna be great basic awesome buenos
noches let's go to batches
oh snap okay we're here and the first
thing I see like there's a lot of people
here right nope nope nope he's a donut
over there gourmet doughnut bro man
where'd you get these you oh you are
anything like me or me or ME two wall
that was quick Wow look at this donut I
wonder what this is even comes with the
receipt maybe it's a receipt donut I
don't know do I eat the donut doing that
Greg you're gonna eat the donut are you
gonna vote more importantly my boys
gonna vote on the donut dude it's
election day no one has mentioned
anything about this no loaded voted
voted voted don't you vote it Canadian
Campbell that's not true yeah it is you
know you're not Google me right now okay
this is my office oh I am a cop I'm a
cop all right go let's get changed
whoa green screen what can we do a dead
now you're gonna change in here with me
or should I do - look here good nice
okay yeah yeah you ready I don't know
what I was thinking I met that girl five
minutes ago way to make it out we're
moving this is just like the old days
when I was instead of force on you and
there'd be a smudge on the screen and I
change outfits kind of like this Oh does
it feel uh being me oh my god no my boy
you put your own name tag on the cop
outfit yep
you son of a bitch I mean you suck
you're gonna sneak into the video
somehow yo what how does it feel being
me huh honestly I feel a little weird
yeah in my crotch you're a little snug
did you I'm not changing with you I'm
not I'm not changing with you in the
same room as me what's the difference
between these black pants and those
black pants those are the ones you're
wearing that's but do the same oh come
on you're literally holding okay entire
shoes these are the same thing
they're not the same this is not this is
a dress pants that's odd
I'm not changing yeah if I put these on
so we ended up changing the other uh I
like this outfit this obvious dokey oh
I'm like a real car is the gun in it
real no not a real gun and probably
smart on your part problems I would
never ever get your real hard back back
back
officer Paul reporting for duty
yeah I know I made a mistake uh officer
Schmitt yeah great yo um buenos noches
right now okay look I'm on this green
screen cuz I have to do something it's
not even my choice it's not up to me oh
so many just that possibilities on this
green screen or endless what's better
than a cop does anyone know
a cup of the moon whoa I'm on the moon
now is better than a cop on the moon I
got my top of the plate this is I was
instructed that I can add my hand on my
gun or my baton or anything right cuz
they'll think I'm a cop and you can't
say you're not a cop but what if I am
secretly and you don't know okay you're
right
oh great I cannot say I'm a cop this is
gonna be hard look at this outfit and
get like free ship school kind of cool
and I'm gonna start liking it power trip
I'm a cop Logan goes to jail Oh what are
the consequences of impersonating it off
like it's gonna be jail time because I
cannot do that I have to make vlogs the
boys ready to get arrested he was ready
to get groped okay easy to style yeah
guys you guys ready Roper oh yeah sure
sir well I'm getting yelled at everybody
okay acting this man is making me do
weird things dude are we finished
yo chill we are out here we are so out
here in these streets yo you want to be
cars you'll become your car with me the
car is it oh I'd always win son always
just a car then to see here car no I'm a
car too I'm like you is he falling for
it is he falling do you see can you see
me as he look at me I'm a car don't
worry about me I had to take a hard left
now red okay my friend George is here
you guys know George right do it wait a
second George wait George where did you
go buddy oh I was like where did he go
that's crazy bro
oh there is yo real quick remember when
we burnt that giraffe yesterday Oh God
check it bro what is this oh my god is
that a vertebrae oh oh that's mean bro
oh yeah I did not break this spinal cord
out on purpose anyways it was happening
now I'm going over to Amanda Cerny house
you guys know her we're gonna take like
some sexy like America like go vote pic
I don't know and then we're gonna shoot
another video for my channel using these
12 fans that's right son 12 doors and I
went to the store yesterday and we
bought these fans uh here's what that
looked like
hey back back back back back
haha but the issue is now getting these
twelve fans over to Amanda's house and
she lives on the other side of the
building it but I think we have a pretty
streamlined way of doing
I knew you were good for something
Georgie I don't care what people say
about you what was that what nothing
knows anything you guys all right right
right right right right
hi bro if you want to go fast you can go
fast a little speed get a little pedal
to the metal yeah oh yeah looking good
Georgie look at this the music video bro
this is amazing so I forgot to mention
while George is doing this I also
changed outfits into the dumbest
American flag outfit ever even look at
my shoes yeah baby red white and blue
nohe ZZ ZZ lovely' sorry I'm so sorry
there's a wall there you got it you got
it
make a nice pin oh oh no no Easy's I
don't know what happened yo thank you
dude thanks man straight straight
straight I feel one coming down is on
the top
oh thanks Domino's guy oh it looks like
pizza and there's a pizza ever behind
you Pizza time thanks rad piece log it's
a time ah we have a rock we're here come
on Georgie break right oh my god yeah
you made it you made it you in it you
know that's Logan what are you doing so
grove in a big influence Oh God you
bought whipped cream in this outfit and
went into Trader Joe's like this Amanda
this is No
let's get sexy ah this is how we're
gonna get sexy you want me to roll up
and expose my white vampire thighs sound
pizza okay wait oh so pale I'm gonna
determined this is not sexy no I decided
that Logan needs to wear a speedo so I'm
gonna go get that damn in a minute damn
it Oh Oh God I'm here okay now I gotta
find a speedo I told her ahead one more
really sure if I do hey maverick how you
doing buddy okay good talk see you later
you don't see those speedo Americans
like bathing suit we're not a speedo you
know beat up oh my god oh no I
I'll look at this guy's oh I don't know
if I can do this I don't know I could do
this
Oh God God i'ma have to do this yeah
okay back to Amanda but okay we're back
at Amanda's I don't like this sound like
this oh my god you have an American one
we were a breakaway she's a singer
we have to do picture when it's your bus
to the camera oh no this is bad I don't
think I can do this this is crazy Amanda
your butt looks good in it does it
yeah actually feel good I have a habit I
have it I've been squatting all my my
dudes in the low gang yo oh sorry about
this whole thing focus on a man to just
take your eyes off of me back to the
button Oh bro
I'm at working it bro let's go
oh yeah these look great bro put it on
the gram bro tag me
wait you take me all time dude boy yo
check this out have you ever seen this
many fans look at all these fans now the
idea is to put them in a circle and
stack them up put you in the middle turn
them on and then make it look like
you're inside a tornado if this works
it's gonna be safe okay so we got the
fans working sort of wanted to stack
them like one on top of another and then
go in a giant circle but this might be
the best that we can get is it look like
she's in a tornado sort of I feel like
maybe we owe them all up a little bit
yeah and then if we drop some like paper
in there any like a baby yeah okay oh oh
that tornado this was really well one
burner twenty minutes later oh man you
did the wind tunnel it was just like in
ten tornado it was dope look at still
look at the aftermath tornadoes chaos
since the window and she bashed her head
against the ceiling I was crazy should
have been their passion yeah anyways
goodbye sweetheart
we killed it today okay so here's the
downside of yeah today oh god what do I
do with all this we gotta get rid of the
boxes boxes are trash so I'm gonna go
ahead and push those down the hall this
is the whoa
no trash chute here we go
we made it good bye fans I'm not your
biggest fan such a dumb pun now what to
do with these no problem with the fans
is that their heart to carry but and you
guys know this I was an engineer in
college so I think I have an idea on how
to just carry like bundles of that 12
seconds later
goodbye fans you served me well we'll
see it probably never again huh
a few moments later we made it back to
the apartment within five minutes of me
being here Spence walks in with fans I
thought I did a good thing
oh yeah we just threw the fans out still
work are you talking about like dinner
my biggest fan through the fans out why
are you bringing a backup of course I
feel bad about throwing a
fully-functional bear away they don't
have feelings toss it back to Johnson
bad Oh yo I feel like today was just a
whirlwind of just craziness I did stuff
here I just up there I did stuff
everywhere it's not so man but at the
end of the day ever forget this giraffe
used to have a spine ha ha ha
thank you guys for watching it is crazy
to think that by the time you're seeing
this vlog we will have a new president
again ah Donald Trump he won and also
again half a million subscribers in 59
vlogs yo world record low gang we are
the best we're aw I love you guys I will
see you tomorrow
take it easy peace
this is many
