which aisle which aisle should I get
naked in hmm uh yeah this is definitely
a good naked aisle hey yo good morning
low gang uh so I woke up this morning
and I got this deep voice combination of
the fact that I'm a man maybe like a
little like sick of my throat a little
bit and also it's the morning so you
just naturally sound like an ogre like
Shrek isn't ogre if you didn't know what
an ogre was you don't know what Shrek
was get off now the point is this your
boys got this deep voice and the rule of
thumb is when you got a deep voice you
automatically become a country singer
baby laughing baby lock them doors and
baby lock them doors and turn them
lights don't really be locked in door
and turn the lights down low yeah that's
dope uh hopefully it goes away in a
little bit though another dope thing god
that got the more pimples on my face is
a-brewing sick yeah you're getting acne
so cool freaking awesome dude I'm also a
little hot why am i hot what's the
temperature oh wait a second I didn't
even need to ask that Oh more quick
thing before we get the day started I
think I should tell you guys much
testosterone is brewed I don't know what
it is but I think it's a combination of
all the the weights that I'm just
pumping bro remember you that guy who
threw something at me the other day
yeah well I went and read the comments
in the video and everyone's like Logan
would beat your ass Logan's gonna kill
you Logan's the savages are all facts
but seeing the Logan you guys have my
back like that I'm like right there
right like you better watch your ass
next time I'm not saying I'm gonna go
out looking for a fight but if some
conflict arises today with another man
am I roll with it and I'm not saying I'm
gonna get in a fight I might look a
little something like this go yeah yeah
are you gonna do something reduce all
night making fun of a hackney oh I don't
know
you walk so yeah and then as far as
what's happening today we're gonna shoot
some videos they're gonna be heat that's
all you need to know let's go get the
day started by putting some makeup on my
face oh can you just talked about how
much of a man you were now you're
putting on makeup yeah I am no I don't
know much about makeup but one thing I
do know is that my skin color is a pale
a mirror mirror on the wall who's the
fairest of them all you are my boy we're
gonna be stuff first
you just gotta apply it and then dab it
dab it in there damn it in there daddy
got my makeup on feelin like a little
girl and the man this year the man
himself track a bang bang he's a bad man
hitting that dab it says on his shirt
numero uno he sees from French right
friends what is one in the French on
numero uh-oh he's shooting the video
he's directing editing yo by the way we
had the worst fist bump the other day do
you remember it on the street Chuck a
bang bang he shot what Oh yo how bad it
is
before we get rocking here I'm gonna
take some pills hopefully these will
heal me get rid of my baby locking doors
and turn them lights on level voice hi
baby down the hatch my god okay now -
baby lock the door in turn
ah like a new man today's video is gonna
be a V effects video it's called jumper
in real life so if you guys remember
that movie jumper with a dude like jumps
through like space and time we're gonna
be reenacting that so right now we're
going to talk about what I need to do
after I like come out of the portal to
make it look like I like jump through
space do you have any advice on this
different something jump out jump out
did this jumping if the jump off is in
motion but like you jump it yeah yeah
when you jump in you hit you okay okay
I'm done that was easy done so let's go
mama mia here we go again my my how can
I forget you better what do you do your
war are you making a net you are a weird
creature maverick yo my bird is straight
making your nest in my carpet this is
what it's like to have a bird kids
maverick what the fuck are you doing
what do you say I never even put that
back what are you doing ever Oh No Oh
what is he what is he done under here
no no you did not oh my god and he took
the lighter with him like he's gonna
light my house on fire yo you're a bad
part
what is your problem advocate what is
your deal right now I'm about to lay
down oh no stop it
no let's no no don't do that no do it
barek no stop that came down to get some
changes of clothes I see my bird nesting
on the floor he's gotten that he's a
male bird he's not gonna lay eggs what
are you gonna do with the nest what are
you gonna do with the net what are you
gonna do with this nest that you make
maverick what whoa
look at this bro easy bro getting
evicted what he's literally stuck or no
he's not stuck he's nesting average well
he's not listening I'm gonna shave my
Birds left here's the issue look now
you're stuck okay now we're gonna learn
from our mistakes
Wow yo he's a pretty capable bird look
at Wow I'd even do anything back to the
crib to go morphix more shit huh you
look so dumb right now with that little
fluff on your forehead maverick oh yeah
yeah I know you look like an idiot dude
you're oh you are a weird
Birdman out there you go so this is how
we're getting around today and tracker
you didn't tell me you couldn't write
overboard gee oh this one is twisting
into yours
what'd you say this one is twist this
one is twist yes what does that mean in
the myth it this he goes this one is all
about the top three oh he speaks in his
native language so the French people
watching the video will understand okay
I guess we can say we are shooting in a
bunch of public stores and restaurants
which makes me nervous because that
means I have to ask for permission to do
that been doing this for a while guys
90% of the time you get shut down and
they do not let you shoot there problem
is you guys know this I told you I'm in
savage mode so I might not take no for
an answer
haha easy check up bang bang you got it
you got it
come on you got to be a bad one you got
to be a bad one we're at the first store
I'm gonna ask these guys hopefully they
let us shoot inside
what's up yo are we another shoot up
quick scene in here how we love to shoot
quick scene in here with this camera are
you the one to add a flirt it's right
here and if anyone comes in will stop
awesome thank you okay so we got off to
a good start today so basically we want
to shoot against this soda dispenser
machine yeah yeah that's going to be an
issue this man's just chowing down over
there this is
to go to data
presently Oh
tell me my man hoverboards over there we
put her in my backpack
ah she called security my man is getting
escorted out oh boy
okay there to status and
we have done it okay okay let's shoot an
Internet video we asked him to get
behind the counter they let us do it
track are you work here now I'll take
one stub please one sandwich number 9
thank you actually you know what I'll
take one number one thank you guys thank
you guys for real and thank you for the
cookie on to the next location I'm
riding backwards cuz I'm a savage
trackers riding forward because he's not
so sad while we were hoverboarding down
the street here I saw something in case
you were wondering if I ever steal your
girl this is how I smashed don't want
another note it's never windy in
Hollywood and it is so windy right now
why that W stands for walk be easy
mother nature be easy please hey do we
take a picture the other day was it sexy
yeah let's take another one wait I
blogged it right you're the vlog the
other day you're becoming fake thank you
awesome by the store we do not have
permission to shoot in Seoul this is the
setup right now hopefully no one sees
the giant 5,000 6,000 7,000 dollar
camera oh boy which aisle which aisle
should I get naked in hmmm oh yeah this
is definitely a good naked aisle okay I
think we're going for it here we go I
hate this I hate shooting in public but
you know what to Stas your own manpower
we're gonna get kicked out I don't care
let's do this
oh sorry I'm getting dressed and is
happening we're getting kicked on it's
all good I do know that cuz I'm a sad Oh
times in life you gotta be a savage
that's what happened today kids the next
thing we have to shoot is at the house
but I just heard someone ring my
doorbell and I've been waiting for this
for a while if it's what I think it is
oh my gosh what's up man Logan Paul but
you can call me whatever you want about
just make sure to LIKE and subscribe
alright thanks I'm gonna go show the
boys I'm gonna show the boys this is
incredible this is not just any poster
more declaration of independence this is
the Declaration of Independence all of
the presidents signed what I'm holding
in my hand by Nicolas Cage he gave it to
you
I'm making the national treasure joke
Neil Stamboul yo yo yo
this is gonna blow your mind no joke
declaration this is a declaration of yo
yo this is amazing bro oh my god yo its
way too big they look so awkward keep
this golden this is one of my best
friends dwarf mama we made a video
called best friends accordingly and then
this is me as you can see the UH the
penis is packing I remember when you had
this made you're like no you got to make
my dick bigger because gosh no joke they
said it'd be the first time and it was
like this big oh that's what the art is
what do you think of this tracker this
is crazy
yeah right he's weird oh my god this is
amazing my boy check this out look it
what what you don't like it well why not
what yo yo what you got some balls look
quick question and no buster I've seen
this artwork before and that dudes junk
he's not that big
not specifically asked to make your
jumping yo then sent me the first one
they're like this is it is like tiny I'm
like what is it yeah bro you can't do
this you know I'm into Logan no boy oh
you send them a picture your penis cuz
that looks I had to
it was the second dick pic I've ever
said in my life the first one was to my
mom
it won't go shoot this video Java for
sound here we go hey hey on the way to
the next location don't take breaks no
vacation
George ankle in the backseat oh my gosh
I love this beat check a bang bang man
he driving the car
we go work hard baby we gonna go fuck
got cut cutting myself off to wait for
that
however we are on our way to the next
location so basically I'm gonna throw a
football
and I'ma catch a football i'ma play with
myself yeah oh shit
play with myself right and then I'm
gonna masturbate you have a booster seat
for George I don't need a booster seat I
don't know you're pretty sure but
because Jake is long oh snap that is
actually a fact why do I smile when I
said that it's not like that I'm guilt
I'm gonna bet with myself how many
tickets did you get my man there's five
tickets up there oh my gosh is more one
two three four five six seven tickets
Jesus tracker
yeah the parks were here okay we're at
the the park emphasis on poor quite
possibly the most wretched Park I've
ever seen in my life but it's all good
cuz I'm a wretched ass oh my man the
gate is locked I gotta go apparently ask
some ladies for the key to get it no it
is so windy look at this dust okay
probably doesn't look that intense on
here but in real life everyone's tweakin
know what up with this wind okay I'm
gonna go in the office
I noticed it says here our notice of
filming now that's not us but I might
use that to be like yo can you let us it
ha ha ha hello how are you
able to get into the baseball time
invite you pay to get in the hand oh my
gosh okay oh why you so hard like my
wiener so we're leaving this park
because screw you are and we found
another part kind of close by right
there I hope it's good yes Park number
two track I could get this off of me now
I could get this off of me this piece of
machinery $7,000 a kiss yes you know
this is a dope park except we got to get
inside here are you fucking kidding me
right now daddy doesn't like Blanco how
did this guy get inside because oh how
do we get inside what does he know free
snapchat do you got snapchat yeah how do
we how do we get inside here still can't
even get it into what oh I'm glad I'm
not a little kid I wouldn't be
heartbroken like all I want to do is get
in the park to roll frisbee but I can't
mom I wanna know how does this cowboy
looking dude get in well you got it yeah
that's my boy that's my boy on this
DeLongpre part okay I don't think so I
don't think so I don't think so nope yo
I'm about to touch this dog in the note
and the screens gonna explode and it's
gonna be dope hey dog let me touch you
no so what's his dog doing I know for a
fact this dog is a scheming I let him go
after we blew up the screen and now he's
scheming I mean watching stuff
yeah he's scheming it before you try to
bury dog what's the verdict tracker can
we shoot here apparently the issue is
since it's a VFX video we can't have
movie cars in the background we can't
have trees blowing so this is a disaster
is worried that this ball is gonna be
hard to track when it's in weight check
up check check check up cat track
bitch oh yeah trucker can track yeah
missing is that the guy that sings that
song that goes baby locks and doors and
turn the lights down low
baby lock the door in turn hey my man
said it's a bang bang bang that one
we're gonna shoot this let's go I need
to catch it catch it easy bro I'm an
athlete I'll stay linebacker house I'm
not gonna lie that was a disaster
I'm not in a good mood I'm a savage oh
so I'm okay and I got my guy here my guy
ah all right buzz Caracas will hit the
dead break yeah one more time
hi everybody come get some food soon
alright roller heck yeah five honey whoo
we have a few more scenes to go we are
kind of racing against the daylight go
upstairs and I think you have a guest
waiting for me inside hello yeah she's
sort of disgusting it is great yokai
show you something nice Oh what do you
think what do you think it's dope right
show me anything you want to say about
the you like it as it is I see so yeah
uh just the tip hey question could you
be my thumbnail I need it now coming I
get wait Jake he always is like yo Jake
uses you for clickbait and all that Jake
is my brother and he uses her for
clipping
I'm gonna use you for clickbait no no no
and I got idea I'm gonna steal you from
G cuz like he makes it think like you
guys are like dating and you guys are
like best friends or whatever and I'm
just gonna title this like stole my
brother's girl and you're gonna be my
thumbnail and is gonna get a million
views lit up Elissa or violet or
whatever work your baby I just told you
this orange a pawnography called break
here make your hair frizzy with the leaf
blower feel easy you're making my hair
making my hair frizzy what what is you
got a dunk got it don't let's say dog is
it dumped oh there's dog oh no Blanca
Blanca oh no wait that's Blanca oh my
gosh yo this is the best thing ever
yo these dogs are so cute I could just
eat them up it what are you hold it I
think I could just kind of stick it
right your chest and literally something
wrong with you Mike estas drone is
hiring on my man juice today's only turn
worse than me just keep doing that I
think oh yeah just like that just has
girl grades blurry say it's so dope when
your camera goes blurry and then you
just don't get the shot so frickin dope
dude we got keys Oh easy easy easy did
you like those those are your keys to
move into this welcome to the car I'll
come to the club welcome to the club
Georgie that's my boy that's my boy
let's see hurting me look okay I really
messed that up
my sorry buddy Oh get you later babe I
almost ready there's a go soon
hey you getting ready acting why does
the Sun set at 4:30 p.m. we do not have
the answer to this question I need you
to go back up to about there low that
you need me in my underwear on the bed I
think I can make this happen what you
think let's do it
so right now we are taping these condoms
together so they're forming like a line
thing but the funny thing about this is
that this like we're not using the
condoms in you see you can Fred I'm
taping condoms right now yo that's what
fucking girl feel like they they're
supposed to already come in the line
right but it just yeah yeah but uh you
know listen didn't you want to make a
baby what ah yo chill hey whoa calm down
and I'm gonna cut the Cameron will see
that that looks amazing
Oh dope God Wow we should come up with
the name for it the safe sex scarf this
no the smart now this sex our boy the
condom scarf
oh just classic original to the point
what fuck about like in regular life or
like with the condoms around zzzzz ah
hey kids I got my sex on or the sex
condom and we have one seem to go home
but first I got one question who's
trying to smile I don't know what Alyce
is wearing shorts oh I had to borrow
your choice do you tell me those are
mine you found those in my George yeah
mmm embarrassing also I want to address
what the fuck is going this whole this
whole thing is just so messed up man so
that is a wrap that's a wrap say hey
it's a rag a condom good stuff today bad
one Savage
okay fine don't say anything forever oh
not getting off okay that's great you're
so oily Alyssa
you're so oily love you guys
I will see you tomorrow I'm kind of in a
rush right now on a trip to Oregon
Oregon I gotta go I gotta go dude don't
forget to subscribe tour the low gang if
you have not we gained uh we gained what
seventy thousand low gang members today
yes right maybe seventy thousand subs in
a day someone stop but you can't fax you
can't tomorrow's vlog is going to be
quite possibly the biggest one we've
ever done on this channel so get really
really excited I will see y'all tomorrow
take it easy peace
that's your bitch can you show painting
dicks on YouTube I think so I think it's
mine
