hey 8088 y'all walking up audiences you
want to know this blog like what are you
doing
good morning globe gang what's pop I'll
hit myself in the face look guys here's
what's happening today ah got pimple on
my forehead oh that's cool acne is the
best I've won a couple priorities today
but the one is one big one audition at
4:00 p.m. it is a 12:00 p.m. and I
didn't study for it like it all zero but
I'll do that God do that pressure and
the second thing I have to do is get
swole this guy doesn't mess was pumping
ha ha that's my boy up to mark morning
market chicken noodle soup ah so I got a
question notice you're cooking this in a
weird way what the fuck you doing mark
why are you cooking it in a pan bro
comes in a can you microwave it done and
done put in a bowl you put in a
microwave mark you're weird roommate bro
still home though I still love I love
you buddy that's my boy now I'm spinning
in my house what Oh what what I forgot
we got a think poster on a door they
turned up tomorrow wait wait why turn
the water off
it's like 3 p.m. G no Yo Yo no Yo Ma
where is this notice I did not see this
notice door I don't see any notice on
the door I'm running right now I didn't
see him don't assign mark there's no
notice on the door what are you talking
about bro
mark was oh where is it now
threw away more I didn't know about
these things mark no snaps shut up water
they shut up our water didn't pay our
bills
clickbait clickbait clickbait yeah these
DZ boy
Rui be okay oh what's wrong you need
help I can help you yeah my mom is the
neck whatever's in there get it right
out
ah I didn't get it but I tried thanks
for trying to being wash your hands good
no no I did not officially I'm tweaking
bro I got marks mouth germs on my
fingers
Timmy my boy George just showed up and
he says a thing what did you say what
did you say bro to my new place that's
my boy bro bro
go go go yeah some I don't wait oh hello
hello George doing it George
there's my boy go do we need to become a
boy I love the George good luck I was
wondering when the waters gonna be back
on today god dammit dammit how are you -
its water 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. dog that's
but I still have mark mouth on my
fingers yeah I still yes no perfect
yeah while we wait for George to finish
signing his lease or whatever I'm gonna
tell him we have to shower at his house
I'm will go ahead and make me some eggs
just to uh iterate how savage the little
gang can be younger I'm gonna eat a lot
of them oh here we go
I was only gonna do seven but there was
one extra so now I guess I'm eating a
bad egg let's turn this
yeah now I'm looking at this and I'm
like yo this is a lot of eggs right here
but I'm hungry so I'm going to eat all
of them oh I'm a master chef bro guys
that's how it is when I close them as a
season oh okay George George I will you
ever I need a shower try George a job
with you a bra I judge Oh Jack thank my
boy that's my boy are you my neighbor
yeah I don't neighbor can I use your
shower yeah yeah yeah you know out of
all the times I've used your shower I
think is just as kuroh yeah what the why
do I even ask what are you ask let's mop
yo crazy smell my fingers that's mark
mouth right there hey yo yo yo George
George I'll be there
Moxley you don't care let it go you wait
you fuck
mark come back real quick you want to go
to Oregon tomorrow night okay cool we'll
talk about it more boy might be going to
Oregon but that's gonna be a whole
nother conversation but just let's let's
start getting excited
okay kids my audition is in a 1.5 hours
after you first print the the size my
lines that I have to read don't go ahead
and do that right now and then i'ma go
wash shower at George's house 100 gonna
pee in George's y'all why because of
skew George Jenkins being through the
hallways being through the hallways I'll
print this stuff trekking running
through these hallways like they learn
hard tune your where's the elevator
there it is printed the sides I'm
getting in the car to go to George's
house running late as per usual way to
go a lot of things because ohmic block
Oh what's good she doing good today bro
can't talk sir so I gotta study my
additional my manager yells at me uh
when I when I put on my social media
like oh I did study it's not that I did
study it's all it is that it just I
didn't find the time to do that
haha but now I'm studying and I also
sort of feel like this helps me read it
a little bit more like in the moment
like it's a little it's almost less like
I'm reading lines right
I'm just saying words I just found out
about that's good way to look at it
right also when I'm in this sort of like
high-energy I'm in a rush you need to
get things done phase I it fuels me you
know you you don't know that Thank You G
take it easy my man at Georgie's house
time to break in I don't know this is
right key yeah oh yeah Wow
open open open open that's me okay so
George actually lives in the penthouse
on the third floor you were about to see
why he's moving to my building hello
anyone here any girls that George may
have left here no one anyone to see my
wiener
this is George's place it's cool our
place is cooler though yeah that's your
place Bravo but to pee on everything
bros tell me don't know oh damn it okay
I'm I I won't be anything I'll see a
little bit I'm gonna do a cool
transition though cuz I'm literally
gonna look like a different person hi
three two one
what here we go hi oh yeah there it is a
shot were cleaned off ready to go I have
a little bit of a headache so this
auditions gonna be like right but you're
gonna do it anyways Logan you're gonna
do it by the way he's watching my vlogs
that's that's ridiculous support Georgie
yeah why I just she hasn't told me what
it is yet why did you turn it off I was
gonna thank you for letting me use your
shower but instead you w I'm gonna go to
my audition no I'm not doing transition
hahahaha I did transition whoopsies
alive that's the audition I'm about to
go and I have a big headache look steel
yourself Logan you got this I'll see you
guys in a little bit oh here we go hey
guys I did it I'm done oh how nice a
this.y already know I'm a savage room
for how ill-prepared I was for that yeah
put me in coach I'm ready on a scale of
one to ten knowing that I did not
practice for this the right way I am not
even kidding I did an 11 now on the
normal audition scale that's maybe like
like a seven out of ten but this
situation wasn't normal so I will say uh
I didn't make a big mistake right off
the bat we started doing the first scene
and we got to this part right here
continual it says Conte but that means
continued meaning like the scene
continues like continues out of the next
page we got there and I just stopped I
stopped and this is like waited for me
and I just said that was like oh we
start over guys they let me start over I
think that's all the potential and
they're like yo we're not gonna kick
this gringo out I got lucky
yeah okay good stuff still got a
headache don't want to go back to the
Queen no we're here we're live we're
doing okay so I change it's a dark
outside I'm about to work out for you
check this out son check this already
far away forever hey buddy wanna turn on
yeah water water okay water what water
hey 8880 I'm walking along it you want
to know this fog like what are you doing
okay maybe it's not ready to be turned
on yet I need to do my dishes I'm up
about to go work out like I said so yeah
that's this time to do that okay we are
in the gym we are here we are live and
all I gotta say is Wow so many friends
in the gym Wow
hey George eh that's my boy working hard
yo wait wait with you
do you hear that yeah do you guys hear
that Wow something like building up
Wow I hear it's getting louder and
louder Wow
now it's deliver wait a second
ah
haha grandpa hi okay okay okay those
dumb we're not to assist me so they're
fun fun
let's go a little bit dad how are you
doing this let's go back upstairs
that concludes the gym I was cramping at
the end there but I know my boy got my
back let's go a little midnight snack
banana ooh high in potassium and you
don't cramp after eating Wow Wow
Congrats and signing the lease bro gonna
have a new neighbor jiggy Jake oh by the
way I came up with the fan base name
today uh-oh if it is the family name
yeah ready yeah
gangsta's some dude offered jinx later
us - hold on a second that kind of
sounds like low gangstas here's his logo
that is low game I mean who's in the low
gang other Gators but Jax is I love Jax
what no gang for life you already know
before I kick Georgie out of my house
for real I do yeah in one second I want
to show you something remember I said
you guys send me some dope low gang
videos I might talk about him on my post
yeah someone made this for me and it's
amazing okay anthem check this out
I don't know that girl with I'm idea
I'm Abby and I'm vlogging
Oh Doolittle Malaysian you admit that's
dope it's done all right just just one
thing wrong with it
yeah with us am i huh huh you put a
Middle Eastern beat there you need but
me my guys I love you no easy in my
house I know he's coming back know for a
fact he's going back you good
what that yeah look with that savage
lung gang anthem I guess that concludes
the vlog guys huh
don't forget the Oregon trip I mentioned
earlier this is happening and it's gonna
be a dope dope thing might be the dopest
on this channel get excited that would
be uh Sunday's vlog anyways thank you
guys for watching as usual love game for
life I will see y'all savages tomorrow
take it easy
peace
