yo this is bad please this is bad this
is bad bad bad what does this say you
have violated one or more of the
following provisions good good morning
guys have show here's the thing about
daily vlog it's every day it's every day
dude it's daily I'm out here in these
streets every day the log I'm 80 blogs
deep bro and I take pride in that and
every youtuber that I know I'll daily
walking it's hard blah blah B yeah it is
hard but I'm a savage and I'm hard
wait what I meant to say like I like ah
like I'm equally as around the point is
this kids I can handle the daily
vlogging
here's where it gets hard for me which
is the situation right now a little
tired
how date but it don't matter when you
tired it don't matter when you got a
headache
vlog it don't matter when your
girlfriend breaks up with you long when
you're sick and can't even get out of
bed blog when your mom calls you and
says low-key jokes your dad just had a
heart attack drove himself to the
hospital he's still kicking like a
savage boot doctor said this man
shouldn't be alive but he's still a
little vlog that is a true story
actually my dad is a savage point is I'm
out here doing it and I and I sort of
use the vlog thing to like wake me up
and get rid of my headache embrace it
baby embrace the chaos on that note oh
we got a couple things happening today
except I'm gonna go get something first
to fuel me for the day you probably
already know what it is
okay so hopefully this guy guys guys
guys whoa-ha-ha help me wake up a little
bit so screaming in the camera hopefully
uh helps me wake up a bit too
he just saw something he's got just
threw something at me some guy just
threw something at me did you just throw
something at me did you you got halfway
come on this top link Houston vital like
my youtube channel are you guys
subscribed is that the yah that woke me
up a little bit nice little adrenaline
pop here we go how can I be that dog I
want to be that I need to be that dog I
will give you this bowl if I can be that
dog boy a little dog be grateful what's
up young lady how are you anything has
been takin some pics holding fall
Samantha Jenkins no from high school of
course two pictures I don't care let's
do it oh my god oh he's amazing
have a great day
so while I smashed a cactus Gaines Bowl
let's talk about what's happening today
out Phil okay go goodbye
mmm the first item on the agenda is I've
clap today
hey YouTube clap yeah it is with a girl
named she was on YouTube she goes by a
laurdiy Alex wasabi
who is my neighbor it's his girlfriend
they're both really big youtuber dope I
was shot a girlfriend who like you too
haha but no dad I just got the game's
mole which honestly actually might be
better than the girlfriend oh the only
difference is that you can't have sex
with a Gaines bull where do you say Oh
brick and OH anyway after that I wanted
to shoot a video myself for my channel I
don't know but that's 100% gonna happen
but it's on the agenda and then yeah the
rest of the day it's just pretty much a
mixed message hodgepodge jumbo jumbo
stuff let's get kicking I'm waking
flexible and this is kind of
Alex came to my house and he picked me
up we're just gonna walk in huh yeah yo
this place is dope okay so this let's
talk about this I told them it was
laurdiy what's your last name that no
one knows no that's a lie that's a lie
that's a DIY lie I legally change the
DIY no yeah yo that's it you know yeah
shut up I'm wanting stupid oh my god I
am stupid I was like what this is a dope
view of Los Angeles easy easy
yo this is awesome this is so cool I
think I could see my house too I think
yeah can you get some arts and crafts
lookit I'm not gonna like this science
experiment the other day and I yeah yeah
do you need help
one thing about me not on paper I'm a
savage so I can help you
easy work I'm looking around your cute
house which is a hundred times cuter
than mine and like I like to climb stuff
I don't know if you know and like oh my
god yeah like this is like let me just
hang like one little one quick hang oh
my god that part I just want to hang
maybe do like one pull-up easy work type
thing you know what also I'm jealous
about I see from over here got a youtube
plan I could touch your YouTube laughter
oh my gosh so you get this plaque for
passing 1 million subscribers on YouTube
as a whole I could see myself yo know oh
my god this is heaven Paul did you
squash the stuff is definitely gonna be
done ourselves today the point of DIY I
just she hasn't told me what it is yet
like we're rolling Oh actually yeah make
me nervous you look both you guys both
your videos you just kind of like do
things and then like a half the time I'm
not okay with it but you know we're here
we're doing it we're like let's do well
do it a lot yeah we're gonna come back
after we do this video and then I'm
gonna try to hang up there so we'll see
you guys in a bit cool transition yeah
so we finished the video you guys know
this about me I'm a savage you're gonna
have to see a her Channel can you look
what every time I said savage she's like
she ruins my arts and crafts so so I say
it a lot maybe we just end this thing
now what is your channel can you say it
here and I'll put it right you don't you
need to chill your savage freshman with
these savage stamps stop stop
anyways let's get up there
yo changer I lose gonna hold I'm leaving
fun video that it's in my house yeah
okay we're gonna go back to my house
cool transition here we go
I felt bad I'm back I'm back because I
felt bad I broke your house I'm sorry I
feeling in your hair oh god it's in my
eye I don't even know what I'm holding
that is injury it's Victor nothing
evasion to me if she gets evicted I'm
gonna feel bad so that's a very typical
of me to destroy houses and I guess who
I'm coming by ah
uh-oh I got a video to shoot but good to
shoot pretty steel yeah I freaking love
that guy you're delivering this correct
I guess I get a giant Fox Christmas box
for the holidays and a poster from my
movie the thinning it's still big and
beautiful yo except we could just get
this guy like out of the picture I think
cuz painless is the real star right
right yo today's full of surprises okay
so this is Colin and uh how do you spell
your name's not CAW right no that's way
far out bro that's what George
pronounces is so he's Georgia yo bro he
goes calling call is hanging out
he's from Arizona George's like high
school best friend and George apparently
does not know that he's here are you but
to surprise him yes I'm about to dude
he's on his way here right now to shoot
this video yes
love it oh I'm totally stealing this
content this blog content
yo first off look at these oh wait have
you seen the movie the sinning out now
on YouTube red but but did I receive
something else in the mayor's I'm
getting taxed and I'm things are being
delivered good day right now let's see
what's poppin what what you said you
opened my gift in the mail and that is a
federal offense mark that is a federal
offense
hey Beck hey max the bitch in it to mean
what why did you say I opened up marks
hockey stick their hockey sticks bro who
care
oh he's just kidding he's just getting
askin why we got package for Jay Paul
yeah yeah you can open this one open
this up that's for Jacob let's see what
the suits inside okay oh wow
lots of good stuff in the mail there
let's see what came for Jake Paul Jake
doesn't live here and it would just be a
hassle if I had to like deliver it to
him weekend that weekend
Oh hats hats and shirts great we'll
probably do nothing with those George
where you at hey there's the fact we're
waiting on George Django to show up
right now George where you at
you already said that George where are
you talking to Calicut camera's not
gonna respond yo you know about this you
guys know George friend George run
George run who enjoys rent one more
choice friend oh that's our friend no
that's our friend easy friend - no I
didn't like you made a fuss well a
little bit though a little bit what's up
cuz you short what did Google sends you
grow if this is their new phone I'm
gonna flip think it has any chance of it
being their new phone yo shut
shut oh you mean you got the new pixel
Google tell me they're sitting this just
sent it what it's the first phone ever
don't fully by Google
oh yo easy how you just about to get a
Google phone a little only I have it for
you it is it was it was a savage on the
line I got I got all this stuff in the
mail I wonder if I got any cool stuff so
today is full of surprises I guess I'm
gonna open up my packages and see if
they can pick a package package that's a
funny words well that was weird
I'm hoping I got some cool stuff too
because I won't be a little jealous if
Alex got a phone from Google oh this is
the thickness of the same package
same company all right to the company
that sent us these clothes Thank You
Georgie stop so so much disrespect thank
you we're gonna wear the clothes it's
just we're really destructive it's a
thing I broke some girl's ceiling today
leave me something good please do
something
Oh silver things that is looking legit
bro yeah it's a laptop case bro but not
just any laptop case this is like one of
those adult laptop cases you get one of
these when you get a job and a wife and
kids basically I will be mature yeah
launches singing a job a kite flyer job
I overcome wait is that that yeah this
that one
your walk if I gotta help onesie another
elf one's a merry fucking Christmas
once I frickin love that one yeah oh
yeah and only one rain the office is
just hoodie well that's awesome
there's no more than anyone ever with
any was rub better girl imagine having
sex so we done with this Bob what should
we do with it not what you're doing
there now do what with the box this box
yeah can you give me a sec go my friend
did try to yeah so that's interesting
there we go okay I love to surprise yo
you need to calm down and start being a
respectful Assyrian like your friends
okay don't don't don't don't don't don't
don't no there's still stuff in there
hey George George there's still stuffing
oh my god
George don't Georgie this still yo my
boy home down bro
easy easy joke my man Marky's gonna kill
he yo mark clean the house
no I thought you're gonna be pissed or
did you kick that cuz you are pissed yo
he's so upset
way to go Georgie yo easy you have to
bro bar your first row here meaning we
would have to tell you you're gonna
clean it up let's go shoot this video yo
this is bad
please this is bad this is bad bad bad
so wampa lives here and this note was
stuck in the door what does it say you
have violated one or more of the
following provisions as follows November
6 a photograph of the lease holder was
post on social media with the resident
standing on the edge of the alert for
sky Terra's video is post on social
media or guests hanging off the side of
the residence apartment balcony
oh here the photos on that looks like
lily ponds hanging off a balcony because
they have a look at use why we've never
taken a picture like that so that's uh
jarring knowing that we post very
similar pictures and videos but
regardless the focus right now with this
video we are squad deep in here you
honnest playing the robber the bad guy
oh you look good thanks bro
you look scary oh say something in
German song secure mats against the fog
your easy easy we have to believe half
the things you just said I'm a location
scouting this spot looks good that was
easy yeah let's shoot the scene but I'm
going to give this video my full focus
and attention so I will see you guys in
a little bit cool transition time here
we go I know I forgot earlier I'm sorry
but I'm not gonna forget this time here
we go what okay I did it yeah I tried to
shoot that finish shooting I think it's
gonna be heat hopefully and yo these
sunsets with these glasses now are
unbelievable looks like fire like
straight fire and and the blue sky this
is just incredible yeah I can't I don't
care in the meantime yeah was it worth
it
yo George oh my oh my gosh yo George
come on yo ma yo oh my god I realized I
just I have to just let him clean up and
I can't vlog it because if I fought it
he'll just destroy more things so no no
I'm not recording anymore I'm not
thanks man was it worth it he saw the
camera he's helping him I'm not gonna
lie to guys never I ended the vlog and
then I changed and forgot I wanted to do
something so when I sign off a real I'll
be wearing a different outfit anyways
before I do that I want to do it to do
one thing I wanted to make a phone call
to wampa and tell him that he is about
to get kicked out one bit okay so broke
we were walking uh to go film a video
and get food or something past your door
bro you know you got like a notice at
your door oh yeah bro what do you make
of that like super-close you're really
close to getting kicked out bro I
already made my call to people that I
have to you know the Mexican way killed
a bunch of people do and now I'm good
okay I know what you just said but I
just want to do uh see what your was on
your mind you know okay uh any hung up
on me uh boy he's a weird one that one
but that's rough though man haha damn I
don't think I've even addressed this yet
for the vlog but wampa is now my
neighbor like litter is two doors down
homeboys been living here for two and a
half weeks and he's about to get kicked
out oh my gosh anyways yeah that
concludes today's vlog the vlogs over
it's done is funny so a few things I
want to say first though so uh this kid
sent me a video and remember I told you
guys you guys send me like funny videos
like low gang videos like I might put
them in the vlog this kid sent me a
video called how to vlog like Logan Paul
yo yo what is going on guys out of here
and today I'm gonna show you how to vlog
like Logan Paul it is very important
that you start every single one of your
vlogs without a show if you want to vlog
like Logan Paul he also goes on to
describe some things you need to blog
like me check this to be able to Ron
Lyle Owen Paul need three very important
items number one a camera number two
another camera yeah yeah that's true by
two cameras because Logan has two
cameras yeah yeah I mean that's true dog
but it is very clear to me that haha you
do not have two cameras okay you
wouldn't know this to camera life only I
would has tag blog but I will be
respectful in qiblas the last thing you
need as a parent you also got a name
your parent you know
I need my parametric um pretty original
right let's go talk to maverick
alright says my parametric he's a savage
just like me yeah yep that is also true
man this kid knows me pretty well
anyways thank you guys for watching as
per usual keep giving these vids and
thumbs up and the low gangs popping man
we strongest so if you are not a part of
it yet make sure to subscribe and join
the Logan I will see you tomorrow
assuming I don't go blind
take it easy guys I love you laugh
that's your bit how easy I'm vlogging
I'm vlogging you wouldn't know this blog
like you wouldn't know this blog like
Lex Lex all right sorry
