girl sends me a DM send me a picture
necked and I send a picture for me
necked I think I could do that I think
exactly this
good morning low gang I'm dying right
now
something's wrong this morning I just
feel slow and lethargic but don't worry
I still got two cameras yeah yeah I oh
yeah how you doing also something
happened last night I don't love to talk
about but I feel like I need to address
it with you guys and although I love the
two camera action but I unfortunately
have to set one down for this so this
camera goodbye just kidding you're back
in action just kidding goodbye okay this
story really pisses me off like
next-level pisses me off so so be ready
okay where do I start one of my first
vlogs entitled there's something in my
bed I don't know whether is bedbugs
weather is like spiders but something
was biting me every night for like two
months
two months straight I could not sleep in
my bed bites in the rash whatever it was
it started out slow with this picture
right here and then I get like another
one on my other arm then it would get
even worse these two were on my back and
then finally I made the vlog about it
where it where I got a rash on my arm
that looked like this do you see this
look after my schedule calm down I had
some free time I did this is what I
should have done a long time ago I got
rid of my mattress which you saw no it's
getting like hot fire now that's fire
anyways back to being angry and then I
got a new mattress oh my god you would
think that's it you would think that
would be the end of my bug bite rash
problems no s'more nning I wake up I
wake up and I go to scratch my arm I'm
like yo this is a bit itchy er than
usual and I go to look of my arm and
look what I see are you kidding me what
is that oh cool I don't know what to do
I got a new mattress I threw away all my
sheets uh-huh this could only lead me to
believe one thing
and it's the fault of someone who I
don't want to point fingers at but you
am i like allergic to you or something
what you think that's a possibility I
feel like that's just scared look at it
dude
oh yeah just walking away from all the
problems in life typical maverick bro
what do you think of this bite first one
it's the worst one yet half the bad told
you your birds got mites you're the only
person that touches the bird but dude
it's only when I sleep in my room you
say you got him upstairs and um I have
no I did not get him upstairs got in my
van yeah I don't wake up with anything
do I I need to take him to the vet huh
think so damn it Cara I'm gonna try to
take my mind off what's happening under
here I'm gonna go get some food but am I
getting image of I've never had choice
but I'm gonna get there in a cool way
ready Oh nope now to go transition today
literally like a cool means of
transportation
yeah what's gonna be really interesting
on the streets
let's do it I have to come back at the
camera
the bowl
yeah yo dis ting whip-smart
yeah all the girls bro I got a four
numbers no that's getting some work done
I enjoy my delicious Gainesville I swear
these just get better every single time
what is that where's that bro yo what is
happening right now bro I'm gonna grab
this thing I don't know what it is it
Robert what is that spider-man coming up
mark mark we need a selfie stick bro I
want to touch it
jump oh hey maverick no time for that I
got to do a selfie stay here Martin it
is possible
20 minutes later come on I see my
opening bro I see my opening boogie oh
there's a change wrong so you're saying
there's a change
oh oh yeah I'm gonna touch it I'm gonna
touch the bun oh I've waited 1,100 years
for this I got you bro ha ha I got you
don't let me tell me I got you bro yo
don't worry
I'll never let go Jack that was the most
exciting thing in my life goodbye thing
high five what a few moments later I
just looked at it again yo this is this
is horrible okay huh once again going to
try to distract myself with some good
news that do have good news I got a
package in the mail I'm pretty excited
about right here baby
got this in the mail today not to you
guys this might just look like a white
box to me it looks like a white box Oh
jackpot
paper and plastic yeah oh my gosh look
at this you guys aren't gonna understand
this but all you just you gotta trust me
okay defrost check this out hahaha yeah
baby yeah
potassium permanganate solution it's
messy so I'm gonna put it back in there
but look how many bottles I got oh my
goodness and yesterday's vlog I made
fake snow it was like a little science
experiment and if you remember correctly
I lost my show literally like a
schoolboy like a little schoolboy Oh
what dim alert ooh this stuff I saw a
science experiment on Facebook and it's
the coolest thing ever like literally
this is gonna blow your mind when I do
it Oh bro but I'm doing it Sunday yeah I
have some stuff to do today but Sunday I
am dedicating the whole vlog to this
crazy science experiment I'm probably
gonna end up destroying my house like I
usually do but it's gonna be amazing so
it'll be a Monday's vlog so be ready for
Monday's vlogs to be a great way to
start the week Wow and then in other
news I also think someone is about to
arrive with a special gift
from a special friend oh there it is
well the gift the gift could be was it
oh hey what's up oh oh okay I'll take it
oh my goodness oh my goodness bro look
at this okay so let me explain okay so
y'all know my buddy Roman Atwood well he
came out he developed an app called
smile Inc I downloaded it on my phone
the first day came out check it out hey
there it is okay so smile egg well when
I met up with him look there's Romans
character when I met up with him in
Maryland to shoot a love sax actually at
travis pastrana we talked about him
putting me in the game like as a
character in the game well I believe
that character is coming out cum cometh
cometh out today on his apps MyLink like
he made me my own Logan Paul Carrack we
talked about the special abilities we
talked about everything cool that the
care gets to have check this out so he
just made me this poster as a bonus this
is awesome but look it we put maverick
in the game as my like special bonus bet
I'm wearing an American flag tank top
shorts shorts high socks and I'm doing
the splits bro this is so me yeah I'm in
love you guys need to go download the
game it's free it plays my character bro
plays my character the logo Paul
character do the splits with
Africa let's go Wow okay a lot of
information there look forward to
Monday's vlog with the potassium
permanganate science experiment Roman
Atwoods game with me in it oh my
goodness
about to shoot a heat video right now
involving us doing a bunch of dope she
promised some of it's actually like
really hard to do so uh oh we might be
doing this for a while
sorry boys hope you don't have any plans
I'm the one that's gonna get caught I
get you're fine I'm the one they're
gonna miss we live right there no one
currently lives here no yeah you're fine
brother they're good inside you and nice
and some are kids look no what no one's
living here right now and hello hello
okay great from here Ben's gonna throw
hats these hats off and I'm gonna try to
catch them on my head from down there
good luck good luck don't get caught I'm
smart I would never take the risk myself
yeah let somebody else do it that's why
you wouldn't idiot bro what an idiot
how you doing up there bro you get in
trouble yet who lives there why we're
fine trying to do his hat thing which I
do quick problem is next to impossible
because we're through throwing its hat
two stories and try to get on top is
just lucky okay let's do this this is
where we sit down oh yeah okay we can
you fill it there the door's unlocked we
just wanted to throw a hat okay we'll
make it quick
oh my god he's my guy he's letting us do
it let's do it this is where we fight
sit down again the second time this is
the guy that complained on us yeah right
there huh never less no more
whoa customers now that was at the world
we have security get taken care of it
profanity big sigh hey Skippy he's not
he's getting us so unnecessarily infants
you're done bro and he was cussing at us
no need to use profanity we thought a
Hatcher could be so so intense okay so
we still the rest of this video to shoot
and I went back and watched his video
this guy cussing at us and he's like yo
like I just got hit by a hat bro
literally nix his knee I don't even know
are you just smiling with me I don't
even know if it hit him like here watch
yes Steven oh what a baby he's like you
need almost relaxed with those hats
hi we're gonna continue shooting this
video and hopefully we don't get kicked
out of our own apartment the next thing
we're gonna try to do is a water bottle
flip but not with the water bottle with
the five gallon jug what do you are you
riding on it I just put this matter this
that's my boy that's my boys my boys
smiles do something we're gonna fill
this up get some water and it worked for
the optimum baby not gonna even if you
knows how to land
this is we're gonna try to flip the
water bottle oh man the lighting here
the W Spencer you spent you pian bet you
pian bro Oh what does he do he just
holding a lot about foot - quit I will
talk to you later
hopefully we don't get kicked out of
this spot I got I got faith here we go
yo no joke how many takes you think we
did 133 503 - takes yeah we got that -
takes no joke probably probably a
hundred plus that was that was hard 74
seven cents brother
coconut is that what you need I'm gonna
shame are you gonna Shetty I don't but I
have the next best thing bro I have the
next best thing
wow that do you're doing it I don't want
to make a mess of your place though dude
dude dude you need to do when asked what
you doing in your book god oh my god yo
hey you have a good noise just like are
you 100's area yeah you think like yeah
yeah oh he wasn't kidding about the myth
oh wow the first dibs just thanks bro
Wow
I told you about method 1 you guys so
good bro Wow rolled right from the
Amazonian dam occasionally I check my
dams not often but when I do I always
come across some interesting ones
including this one which was very
interesting girl sends me a DM send me a
picture necked and I send a picture for
me next he said nacked and so we're
gonna find out what necked means neck
wearing a wooly hat in weird places I
think I could do that I think I'm
exactly that okay wearing a wooly hat in
weird places at the gamma Hat gonna
wooly hat right here let's go get next
well where's the spot that I can go
ahead and get nat in the shower right
shower okay let's do diet oh my god you
got an act in the shower
no get Paul back in the shower doing a
split and you probably think I'm joking
I'm actually sending this girl a picture
of me getting neck high some sexy I say
I got you now I'm gonna send these pics
this oh that's a great one
I'll go ahead and send it here we go
haha yo-yo I want you guys to get nacked
I want them to get max yup go knack
yourself and uh send me a DM of you
getting act I'm an Instagram at Logan
Paul where Willie had in a weird spot
knack me in the mouth that's like
getting act if you posted everyone get
an act look okay an actor yeah yeah yeah
yeah damn what is this LA sky or a
volcano
look at this yeah yeah give me every
time man gets me right in the field i
door gee i'm gonna show you something
can you get on this side there's more
space there's that yeah that's the side
you're looking in the screen eat hit me
no wrong it's your own pirate who fault
doesn't wash don't freak up that's not
I'm walking grow little it's your bird
dude I don't know cuz I know it's not
the bed now to be honest bro uh you're
like one of the smartest kids ever met
in my life but I think your dumbest
because you didn't throw at the rest of
the bed they could have any item in that
what do you mean every box from the box
the box springs under the bed yeah
that's really just good everywhere you
get the big foot bombs they're not
bedbugs dude what about the bottom you
got a few hit this place you don't tell
just say it's down here for 48 throw do
not order some problems on amazon.com
right now and you just bomb this whole
place whatever it is it's possible some
not bombing my baby Jim Tom Jim Tom Jim
Joe yeah today's our bison tries dead
look at these buzzing Oh got you it
would never mind boom so the savage says
success recession session is over do not
forget one quick thing two cameras hey
how you doing over there
but anyways speaking of savage a low
gangster tweeted me this picture today
and said thanks for the inspiration with
the the text low gang on the picture
dude this makes my day makes my life if
I can inspire people to get in shape
like this and go from before to after it
looked like that amazing man that guy is
grinding he's working hard and that's
what at the end of the day like I'm
trying to secretly secretly convey that
message so to that guy dude yo good work
and keep it up man seriously you're
doing awesome also do not forget we got
next
today yeah picture right there got an
act in the shower that was a cool thing
I'm really hoping this girl responds
like sometime soon so don't worry I'll
let you know what she says you know what
I don't even know if it was a girl I
guess I just assumed
the point is I'm gonna let you know when
she responds also a cool thing that
happened today my boy Roman Atwood put
me in his game smiling could go download
it play as my character do the splits
and fly with maverick and lastly my
friend texted me today and said my show
which you guys may or may not know about
Logan Paul vs. is the best thing on the
Internet do I agree with them absolutely
is that a little cocky of me absolutely
but do I care oh we just released our
Logan Paul vs. ballet here is the
trailer what's up I'm Logan I'm here to
become a ballerina my mic pack drop it
feels like I just pooped myself
go check it out the episodes are
incredible the link will be in the
description thank you guys for watching
as per usual I love you mo gang I will
see you tomorrow keep working hard keep
around and stay savage these guys
are you taking a picture of me Billy I'm
filming you ha ha
