five six seven yo no no way no way go ah
yeah ah both my legs are heavy oh
they're so bad both my legs on the
inside dude hell man casting like they
do oh you're so maverick is he's
scheming right now I don't know what
he's doing yeah what are you doing hey
why are you on the ground what are you
eating
who is that hey Dai don't you ignore
what would you just say I'm not gonna
mind my own business I don't know what
you're doing I shouldn't be on the
ground you're a bird what wouldn't
you're in you're a lizard you think
you're a lizard you're a wizard Harry
you're a wizard Harry
good morning low gangster yes I'm still
sure this I took a vote and people don't
mock spitting everywhere sorry people
don't seem to mind me without a shirt on
so free to nibble
regardless we came up here and we're
doing the intro hello let's go good did
he start
and I'm just going back this way I'm
just ready to go also one thing to keep
in mind I got you cameras again hey
what's up baby over here over here I'm a
little jealous of what's happening right
now in my household my friends I've got
a little thing that I like to call the
game ball game below it looks so good
and Mark got one to mark that I will
mark why you doing this I asked you
going to come you said no you had this
option it is true you know why great cuz
I spent all my vine money got a personal
chef and she makes meals for me which I
ate this morning so uh anyways while my
boys are chowing down we decided to go
to the toy store we're gonna buy some
like little kid toys to shoot some viral
videos with so a better way to get this
and a little transportation man
Instrumentation what anyways oh yo that
was crazy
okay sorry guys sorry just vlogging my
life away you know how it is with two
cameras that is syrupy imma be beautiful
you're a beast and you're beautiful and
I got two cameras number one and I
hammer two cam camera all right
three cameras that's crazy where are my
friends
mark honey I got it marked on it whoa
Star Wars right here science Oh watch
how it looks so weird girl I look weird
my boy I'm changing the vlog changing
the vlog how do you wanna do it cuz I'm
a harsh dad vlog this double camera
action dude admit it's dope
it's dope it might look stupid but I
feel cool and it looks cool it doesn't
it look cool does it look cool haha what
is this dude giant oh sorry I'll get it
later
giant Yeti machete thing look at this
Johannes I'm gonna grow up your giant
pecs with my Yeti oh my god they're so
nice
this is no joke this was caused by Legos
yesterday during a scare prank on a man
discerning man it's all saying if you're
playing with Legos or any like toy in
the stores be careful man life is not a
joke I'm about like bro I've never seen
you get this excited in like eight years
of and what is a tech deck with the
little skateboard we use with your
fingers
you had a pretty calm reaction bro like
you were you're pretty chilled when I
was a kid this was my reaction johannes
bro how'd you get this deal where they
put you on the on the box get this man a
hat you got it bro y'all are identical
brothers amazing oh these Turtles these
Turtles ring a bell I made a video with
my friend i dwarf mama where yeah I beat
his ass
check it out you don't mess with the
squad bro this head start just makes me
happy so we went to another store got to
get some more stuff always getting stuff
stuff I met this nice young lady what
did you say when you came up to me are
you taking Jake Logan yeah yeah I'm Jake
Logan they ask you are you say thank you
fight good bye good bye guys Jake Paul I
understand my brother okay I can see how
you can confuse us but Jake Logan that's
not a human being
okay who is Jake Logan 20 minutes later
that's gonna be cool show the Des Barres
gonna be there yeah I'm sorry I gotta
interrupt you
Jake Logan why am I the only one who
thinks this is fucked up will you get
over yourself Logan Jake is oh my god
boom we are back home I am enjoying a
sandwich cuz today's actually if you do
not know this uh national sandwich day
that is a fat mark is cleaning up back
there because he is a mom yeah you
should do something sometimes yeah yeah
probably huh the rest of the day we
should be up Jude videos eating
sandwiches making snow but of snowmaking
get good weird right I got this fake
Snopes here I'm gonna try to make some
fictional the age is a eight plus as you
can see I'm 21 what does that make me
two point four times as intelligent as
an eight-year-old so let's do it okay so
don't normally do this but I am going to
read the directions yo are you serious
more I'm blogging mark please okay
nobody knows it long live you wanna know
this clean life he's right I never clean
you I'm looking at the materials here
not sure if heroin slash methamphetamine
or eight-year-old snowmaking kid supply
I don't know anymore or look what is
this is this cocaine I don't know
no yes that cocaine ah I don't know here
we go what no look at me yo sides don't
it's literally powder I have no idea how
that happened oh my goodness
go ahead and throw this in the bucket
and do that a bunch more times come on
yeah yeah oh yeah yeah yeah oh this
dough added to the collection yeah does
that work now I'm curious how big we can
go
this is the the rest of the snow and I'm
not gonna lie to you guys if this works
I'm gonna lose my sight baby sorry oh my
goodness oh my goodness is working kind
of shorter come on come on don't give up
on me don't give up on me
don't give up on me come on don't give
up on me - no scalpel don't give up on
me no sky look yeah yeah look at all
this snow baby look at the snow call me
Santa Claus boy the Santa Claus does he
make snow has a dumb reference I don't
know I got my sexy shirtless man with me
and whoa alley-oop makes me sure to
surprise to me ally you gotta get
serviced sorry Ally rain without even
hesitated
Alice did you see we made the snow did
you have you seen this yet check it out
feast your eyes upon the snow yeah then
feast your eyes upon rosette take over
my block I have my mom to it she's
hashtag vlog mom you can be hashtag do
something good your mouth you got to put
it to your mouth and say yes that's a
bad idea all right though this is my
first vlog guys oh it's open okay only
four feet so if I jump in I really don't
know what I'm doing um I'm just gonna
creep on everyone over here we have
Hannah and ananna let's go say hi okay
we're gonna find more people this is as
fast as I can run gurgling anyone sleep
in here being someone that might have
been the worst idea ever
I'm so sorry if she just ruined the
entire vlog guys did you show your
nipple damn it it's like a hundred
degrees so we're gonna try to do this
fast can you you mind recording me
though don't point out yourself this
time
Thanks I'm thinking uh I was the best
great - and other news I don't know how
we're gonna clean this up this is always
my problem I do it without thinking
about the cleaner no this is it smelt -
easiest cleanup ever I don't have to do
anything just melting into the ground
hey so uh George knows how to do the
shock of me he does he does this choke
and we did it to Ray Ray lasted one
point seven seconds seven seconds think
I can get for it was more than five
before I tap out nobody my record and go
oh good yeah Chad doesn't lie
whoa I got four oh seven I got four I
bet you I bet you get seven my tapped
out early I bet I could get seven you
can get seven but like borderline pass
out that's like don't do you're gonna
pass out girl especially I never best
out and I also I was gonna stand in for
tap out but I just did
I'll get seven August 7 and go three
four five six seven
yo no no way no way go get a water stop
with that but you told me don't stop
Logan
yo yo you get on your pacifier honey you
good doesn't have to do this for you go
to turn a hammer don't stand don't stand
up good good for water good sure oh I
think you're joking though look at seven
yeah
okay no that's great I think yeah I'm
fine yo like instant instant you pass
the threshold like yeah yeah dude you by
the way listen about the seven seconds
for me who's called me a friend that's
my boy choking me out jug that's my boy
choking me yo what's up late am doing
the odd fire part of the video and we're
shooting more tomorrow that's gonna be a
good time but yeah we're gonna light the
the kitchen countertop on fire bark are
you ready bro
why I don't want to do this bro you
gotta trust me gonna trust me you know
I'm at that's not that I don't trust you
it's just I don't trust the fire bro you
gotta trust a fire bro you guys just
last time we did this you put a towel on
it oh great idea to put it out and then
it lights our fire work growth at the
sink the fire alarm goes off it worked
off I don't make mistake is it smart
no do I recommend doing this at home no
do I recommend having two cameras
absolutely baby all the time baby
you know water puts out fire which is
what we have here I'm just I'm sorry I'm
looking at the screen and like
everyone's gonna just focus on books you
know it's all good for just reading my
blogs no problem I'll even care girl
hashtag blog eighty are taking safety
precautions we're wetting this towel
right now what I found is that fire
seems to be put out the best when it's
smother rather than water so we'll put
this wet towel on it smother it and it's
wet dude market what am I on fire man
roar blog no no part of that yeah okay
right ready honey good all right go
babe I can't talk right now my house is
on fire no I'm fine no yeah
worried about me who got me made my
houses on fire when I'm gone oh yeah I'm
fine I'm fine don't worry we'll talk to
you later man Belle's epic Wow
I say we go round two no Jim no that's
great no no let's just do it again he
said absolutely not I'm a little hot but
yet another successful round with fire
Mark Toner how do you feel you trust me
yet dick by the way this was a
microphone not know how do you guys
doing it again you still don't trust me
no bro
we're fine right you felt good about
that no I felt great about that well
seconds later y'all know me savage level
maximum about to hit the gym but I'm not
gonna lie to you guys I have a
confession to make
last night after I hit legs I went home
and I ate too much the following to be
exact protein shake one of my precooked
meals it was a delicious dinner at this
point I should have called it a night
that's already like I'm full I don't
need any more food in my stomach haha
nope didn't do that when got Froyo like
a lot of Froyo like $12 with the Froyo
yeah I'm an idiot and then I went to the
store I bought an entire box of Captain
Crunch and finished all of it by myself
litter this was all in one night like
like 5,000 calories in two hour Wow okay
so yeah didn't hear we're gonna work
extra hard today gotta burn all this all
this fat off my body so let's go this is
where we die
some savage workout as per usual so
let's see what happened today actually
you know what before we do that let us
not forget two cameras hmm yeah
always always so I learned a few things
today one when I'm in a toy store I turn
into a little boy again
- I last exactly seven seconds in a
sleeper hold
and three I'm basically a firebender I
know I know impressive what can I say
anyways going back down to one camera
one camera sorry this camera you gotta
go thank you guys for watching the vlog
seriously Logan you guys mean the world
to me I will see you guys tomorrow do
not forget to hit that subscribe button
it's somewhere around here just go ahead
and hit it take these guys low gang for
life peace
but I feel cool and it looks cool
doesn't have a cool cuz we look cool
hahaha
