what is this Legos
good morning low gang how is this good
what's up how are you why is Logan using
two cameras wait Logan's using two
cameras yeah
I'm using two cameras son let's go after
I ended yesterday's vlog I went to the
store and I spent a lot of money on
technology 6000 dollars to be exact and
yeah I'm a little bit embarrassed but
sometimes in life you got to do these
things using all that I'll have vine
money rest in peace fine anyways one of
the items that I bought was this camera
oh okay I'm vlogging please give me a
second you wouldn't know this model ah
one of the items I bought was this
camera wait a second no the camera I'm
looking at right now yeah bought some
other stuff too which I will show you
later and it's a pretty dope I'm not
gonna lie now I'm just starting my
morning with question questions question
question why is there a shopping cart in
here does anyone know who's shopping
cart is this what the heck is that well
actually we're gonna get to that later
yeah bye for now let's go say what's up
to my bird a maverick the parrot I got
two cameras maverick do you think
maverick what you don't like it oh you
oh you're camera shy all of a sudden
with two cameras get out of here to the
bird don't say that ever again
okay so first item on the agenda I have
an audition today I'm supposed to look
like an army dude hence this army outfit
ah that's a war face now let me see your
war face ah yeah bro yeah bro hashtag
blondie ah I'm gonna eat some breakfast
prepackaged cuz as you know using all my
money again rest in peace money I hired
a personal chef to cook me meals
oh let's see what we got here and I know
what you're thinking looks like you only
using one camera now nope still using
two haha gotcha bitch gotcha bitch and
it comes straight in X square that's
cool boom how are you looking nice and
Steve oh wow
so I know this isn't breakfast food it's
actually lunch food but it's all I got
so I'm taking it and also I know what
you're thinking like Logan out on a
chair that's right I'm not sure and I'm
still using two cameras ya know I'm on
my knees eat my breakfast for the vlog
you know how this oh I got two cameras
bro you pain two cameras right my boy if
you know me on this channel you know
that like typically I'm not too good at
studying for auditions and this one
though I studied for I studied for hard
I'm about to go inside I will make sure
to let you guys know how it go yo this
is awesome I'll make sure to let you
guys know how it goes so I will see you
in a second oh now baby what am I an
actor bro the audition went fabulous
I'll say it again in this camera
fabulous so I think I got the part no no
probably not
but I did my best I did my personal best
and at the end of the day that's all you
can ask for am i right am i right am i
right or am i right it's time to go back
home and I thought of a cool way to get
there so I'm gonna do this but the
cameras right here right here I'm gonna
spin around oh good that was crazy what
do you think over here how about over
here not so ha ha ha ha back home
they're wondering what this car is here
doing I don't know what do it you know
what actually hey Mark mark did you
bring this card up here George you
brought this card up here he wants to
bring carts into my house you can take
care of it
you want to bring carts in my house so
bad you can take care take care of it
he's gonna put it mark sure I was doing
this run so remember today I told you I
spent like like six to seven thousand
dollars on technology yeah I do that
yesterday I'm gonna show you what I
bought I know it's kind of like a little
Christmas gift for me I never buy stuff
for myself like ever so I was getting to
it here's what I got one i bought this
ipad pro why I have no idea why would I
ever need an iPad this big I don't know
that is a good question also yeah I am
still using two cameras if you were
wondering anyways I also got a new
camera which explains the two cameras I
did it so I can make better better
concept for you guys this one that I'm
on right now is much clearer and
awesomer and badder I also got some new
headphones everyone needs some
headphones and some heavy hitters that
are not here yet because they have yet
to be delivered about the new MacBook
Pro yeah I also bought the new iPhone 7
plus but those have yet to be delivered
so clocked in a total about six to seven
thousand dollars that's the last of my
fine money it was a good run peace by
the restaurant and then this box I
wonder what's in this box what's in the
box what's in the bar Trump sir yes sir
I'm not sir yes I am sort of I'm sure
you guys have seen yesterday's vlog
where I lit my mattress on fire and I
know what you're thinking loves you
can't sleep without a mattress
luckily the problem has been taken care
of immediately check that out it's um
back this company called Casper sent me
a mattress they sent me sheets and
pillows and what whoa nice catch bro is
it nice is it soft this is actually like
a cloud bro it actually feels dope
cotton candy no we got a nice pillow
we got sheets here and another pillow oh
man this is amazing
these guys came clutch because without
them I'd be sleeping here for the rest
of my life which isn't a problem the
love stacks are dope it's just something
it's nice to sleep in a bed so without
further ado let's open it
as your days to help me grow ya helping
yo where's my money
George where's our money you'll have to
have some weird friends totally funded
well the back of it looks like a
butthole
what hey yeah I'm gonna be sleeping down
here you're gonna get a roommate back
well you can hear the air coming out
whoa hurry
that oh my god it's gonna be so nice to
sleep in my bed well okay yeah now for
something completely different
yeah I have another meeting well it's
not I mean it's actually another
audition right now the difference is
that this one is a voiceover audition
yet still got to Kara's it's poppin' man
how are you okay let how are you doing
I'm good I'm just out here with my two
cameras I caught that I thought you were
selling oh I'm like oh you want to buy
my cameras bro Canon let's go
the voiceover audition normally I go in
and I act like where you can see me this
one is for voiceover meaning it's like
an animation or something where my face
isn't necessarily in it pretty dumb
pretty dumb pretty awesome but let's do
it okay I have arrived but you guys have
probably hear me reference my agent a
lot in my agency that agency is this
Creative Artists Agency otherwise known
as CAA
yeah genius right why we're here this is
the voiceover booth that we were walking
into right now check this out oh my gosh
crazy right so sick Wow basically how
this is gonna work is I'm gonna stand
right here and then I talk into this
microphone and change my voice and do
voices like this and like hashtag long
dude do you guys know me you know it's
gonna get a lid so what was that would
they say oh yeah let's get it poppin
let's do it
I was working at a gas station heard her
mom rolled through she paid for this gas
bought a box of jujubes with the change
right before she walked out of my life
forever her mom shouted her name she
said hurry up so far Dhabi I don't I
gotta do better I'm just gonna inject
some energy into it he paid for the cast
bought a box of jujubes with the change
and right before she walked out of my
life forever her mom shot at her name
she said hurry up silver
that's it we're done we finished that
was good time fun time fortune cookie
I'm headed back home right now and I
have that box that empty mattress box
I'm like yeah what can I do with that yo
my neighbor Alex from sabe dropped off
like like a hundreds of thousands of
Legos yesterday came over my house and
Logan I got some Legos you want some
like us naturally I said back yeah I
look for sabe no I got like a hundred
thousand Legos gonna shove them in the
Box get in the box and then maybe invite
someone over like Amanda Cerny or a girl
and scared the living out of them don't
you
you're almost home do you want to come
over when you get here I have a giant
box of Lego's I want to do a video with
Legos it shouldn't take very long okay
text me when you're on your way over
here me she has no idea oh yeah bro yeah
bro
I figured out what I'm do with the Legos
yeah alex is the one who brought the
Legos / graced me with the blessing of
Legos is this what happened Rihanna a
hand hug that's amazing that's cool
it sucked
what lose another box yeah yeah use it
I'm not close to public I'm fine I'm
fine
a few moments later what's up Amanda
what are you here for I don't know oh
wow the lighting in here Oh No yeah
Logan got this like big-ass thing of
Legos what is this that's it I told you
to be quick thanks for being a good size
and not punching me in the face
Alex imagine you gotta be trauma but
that don't inhale don't what's up yo
thanks for the Legos some savagery took
place today that was amazing
that's a fact we all are so now the only
issue is what to do with the giant box
of Legos
I have no idea now I could see why Alex
wasabi gave them to me on another note
guys I don't say this enough
I am from Cleveland and currently right
now I am watching the World Series with
Cleveland and the Chicago Cubs come on
guys you could do it yeah dude
Cleveland's lit I don't have you guys
notice the Cleveland Cavaliers like
LeBron James our basketball team won the
championship this year and if the
Indians do it dude our cities on the
rise let's go Cleveland
anyway I'm gonna go put some workout
clothes on to go you guessed it workout
let's do it bro
emphasis on quick okay so I am ending
the vlog there by the way if you are
from Chicago
I believe the Cubs have not won a World
Series for a hundred and eight years so
congratulations if you're from Chicago
thank you guys for watching before I
sign off don't forget to subscribe and
if me saying that isn't enough proof
that you should do it just listen to
this kid hello gangsters file and this
subscriber Logan Park
Oh kids got skills I'm not gonna lie
also a couple little cool things that I
have not mentioned but I feel like I
should one I just hit a 7 million
followers on Instagram which is dope so
if you follow me there thank you and if
you don't make sure to do that at Logan
Paul and second off I should tomorrow
today by the time you're watching this
vlog hit 1 million followers on my main
channel youtube.com slash the official
okay 1 million followers on YouTube and
I'm not like a youtuber I wouldn't
consider myself a youtuber yet so that's
kind of cool that's a big deal for me
that said dude this journey is
forgetting El Pollo Loco thank you guys
for following and tagging along with my
life I will see you guys tomorrow do not
forget to give the video a big thumbs up
and for those of you who watch to the
end don't forget to camera's yeah you
guessed it 2 cameras you guys are the
real low gangsters real low gangsters
real low gangsters low gang for life I
will see you guys tomorrow take it easy
I did not think about the cleanup
literally didn't didn't cross my mind
that I would have to clean up Legos from
my stairs
