come on
good morning low gang I am currently on
Hollywood Boulevard and I know what
you're thinking lobes Logie dubs why
aren't you in your house shirtless like
you normally I have an explanation I do
this morning this happened morning
maverick
hi how are you what wait two books you
don't think people like my nipples maybe
I'll put a shirt on so then my little
parrot got me thinking I was like yo
like he's right like do guys want to see
me shirtless do girls want to see me
shirtless I don't know like would you
rather see an intro like this hey guys
it's me Logan what's up yeah I'm sure
this again here are my nipples so sick
writer or would you rather see an intro
like this today we are gonna do X Y & Z
and it's gonna be dope I don't know man
I don't know listen I need your help I
need you guys to help me decide whether
it bothers you whether it doesn't I
might do a poll on my Twitter about it
at Logan ball however I will say there
is a reason that I'm always upstairs
first notice how I'm never in my room
first and then I go say hi to map
there's a reason for it guys and that is
actually what today's vlog is about some
of you guys the early low gang members
might remember one of the first vlogs
already related this talk might remember
a vlog one of the first vlogs I made
entitled there's something in my bed
because there was and there is like to
this day for the past three months
literally have not been able to sleep in
my bed it's not bed books I don't know
what it is but every time I sleep there
I get rashes all over my body
previously okay so I need a new mattress
and I need to get rid of my current
mattress which is what today's vlog is
about hashtag you're getting rid of a
mattress what can we do why not light it
on fire with my brother
yeah I'm gonna light it on fire who are
you talking to
oh let's do this guy there's a director
over there so what
okay you're a weird kid I make mine so
not anymore though cuz spies we're gonna
dump acetone bro Matt throw we should
use a lighter more oh we get though now
right bro it's gonna go
yeah the lightest yes gonna throw Matt
you if I get lit on fire dog that
thumbnail though but your vlogs are
already fire so is it's gonna be lit bro
literally cuz it's a fire
click early oh my god bro the puns are
so real right now we're gonna pick up a
mattress without yo the pork I am second
I am the one who made the pie that's it
that's the one hat bro that's what I
told you you fat it's a Cali King my G
you're ready cuz I'm ready I was gonna
be fun I know let me get this straight
huh
you actually think you're talking to
your bird or you just put subtitles and
when you edit it no yeah we're about
China tell him we're talking look uh you
don't just put subtitles like you
there's no way you can actually talk to
a bird I am doing snow it wasn't me I
know he's an idiot right now we have to
get this giant Cali King up on top of
Jake's pickup truck I need some help mom
Clark we need your help Marco and I get
bite-sized though I have no idea to be
honest with you guys
oh yeah we got this your boys oh yeah
this is what we did in high school to
make money do you remember yeah squeeze
wait
hey oh no I was diagnosed I'm gonna push
bro but no but no this is our peace
harbor oh oh oh
folder like a taco it's a god Bush bush
ah yeah yes
no except to take this mattress from
here to the top of Jake's car there's go
baby be here be here
oh you get all bras moving service get
your tickets Mike and $40 of Abu Taha
hey Greg hey you back there but hey I'm
coming up not gonna cook oh yeah go in
the corner oh no aah oh yeah I want that
yeah let's go this montage
please what maybe go are we ready like
actually alright I'm just I'm trusting
my little brother strap-down job to get
on top of this car let's do this Boop yo
I'm here ah are you ready let's go oh
this is not so heaven is irritable
disease this is so dumb look how close I
am to the top wait you're closer now
this isn't even the intense part of the
day nothing to see here folks
hey hey hey look at us mom if you're
watching this I love you
ha ha ha oh boy here we go here we go
here we go
a new Fantastic point of view hey hey
guy don't try this at home please for
this
this is uh this is pretty crazy this is
el coyol local right now
no this is dumb this is dumb why am I
doing this don't make dumb decisions the
fire department's right there you I'm
off I'm off Bobo I'm coming down I'm
coming down yeah dude I'm out here let
me yeah bro pay direct eye contact with
the fire they're probably children we
are the reason they have a job yeah what
if this fire department stuff is
foreshadowing us lighting the matches on
fire today without be okay whenever
you're going to light matches on fire
you know there's certain things that you
need and and this store is great for
that chocolate I am cracker some of
these as well trade up ma lows a few
moments late they'll keep coming coming
good watch out for the pool keep coming
that's great that's great thanks guys I
don't know about this bro yeah I should
strategically place it so if it goes too
much and it's like black smoke going up
we can just push into the pool yeah it
should be over here that's safe does
that pass your fire inspection oh great
is that before or after high school and
then when you didn't go to college we
have a nice little array of food here we
got the graham crackers we got the
chocolate we got them bowl of MA lows
and our skewer sticks to pierce the
Milo's window Milo died kickback chairs
where we're gonna sit and kick back like
this yeah kick it back and then finally
we have the acetone we have the lighter
and just in case safety fire
extinguisher I'm really relying on this
thing to help us in case this gets out
of hand twelve seconds later do you
think mom would approve absolutely not
mom if you're watching this I'm sorry I
want to know how you feel about this
mark I hate fire yeah no control you
can't control fire and more hates it he
hates fire you shot like three or four
other videos with fire here check them
out bro you know I'm good at it touch my
nose something is gonna go wrong
I'm just starting to like I wasn't
nervous thinking in and now no I'm
nervous
this is huge rope it's gonna actually
catch on fire
ya know bro this is not safe so much
y'all got so much yeah yeah you throwing
it ok ok ok what's it got my mala I got
my Milos yeah no he's got it yeah yeah
you got it
oh you got it Logan come on
oh yeah yeah this is working it's
working yo yo it's going through the
mattress that the mattress is actually
on fire oh it's hot it's hot
yeah why did we do that I don't know
who's terrified pull we just tossed in
the pool did you eat your marshmallows
yeah it was good it's fine I gotta mind
I've got chocolate am NOT time to put
the talk I'm shaking right now okay wow
that actually worked pretty well this is
my Malo I don't know it roasted a little
bit I'm gonna go finish my s'more nice
work today brother judge no yeah oh
there go hmm s'mores you're better with
it roasted over fuck blaming
tempur-pedic mattress yo yo yo you know
I love how to smoke coming up oh no
smoke coming up okay okay
oh this is my exit routes my exit no you
got it you got it
yo you're thinking it's sinking bro yes
yo that's crazy
it'd be a shame if no we're lucky that
this is the worst thing that happened
today that is heavy and kind of an issue
and disgusting mark you ready to go
let's go ready yeah yeah we are no joke
we'll see you later
go go go drug dogs alright Jake if
you're watching this don't forget to
Like and subscribe
that was crazy crazy leveled savage
level maximum it's time to go back home
mark what do you what do you think
should we just she bent the camera until
we get fast
oh hey whoa look at that we're home
crazy so that's it for the vlog today
I'm ending it a little early cuz I don't
think my day is gonna get any more epic
than that thank you guys for watching as
usual if you're not part of the low gang
make sure you join a hit that subscribe
button smash the thumbs up button smash
I will see you guys tomorrow and whoa
whoa hope them just I'm a chump I'm not
gonna even hold the camera Jonna battles
oh my what the happening for Donald
Trump would we I know who is
yeah
