I'm not gonna lie I uh I set the camera
up I ran there and I ran back super big
waste-to-energy but good for the vlog
I'm trying to wake up easy dog easy go
game day idolo gang and get your he
barked because he doesn't support child
abuse and when you hit me he knew you
know a child anymore I can do that
you're old enough damn it
oh man what's happened yo I woke up in
Ohio and Ohio is different than a lie
instead of seeing Hollywood Boulevard I
just see would so many woods look at all
these woods so many trees Wow
oh don't stop chewing on my dad's arm
he's my dad and I love him so you gotta
stop okay i'ma start by putting on my us
a hat this may got you to stone it got
me Donna
Wow oh you put it back in the bag real
quick and then I'm gonna pull it out
here oh you should turn off the film
because there's about to be some more
abuse okay I'll put it down for let's
show the people on their how gentle baby
is gentle Oh
oh wow Wow you should be eating donuts
though bad for your carbs in your system
oh you want a little bit more you don't
well this is crazy
that's one gentle dog despite his
obnoxious barking that's my ferocious
rescue pitbull easy yeah one more thing
I want to show you guys was the the room
that I grew up in so let's go
okay we're here this is the room that I
grew up in for 18 years of my life I
want you to notice the the cars in
traffic and plain blanket dad why did
you not change my blanket when I was a
senior in high school - like a not kid
blanket I tried you I actually threw
down and pulled out garbage you're
crying like a little baby I did I think
you're making that up that's totally
true I hang on phone I can find it
please no please don't find me also a
football you should be a big part of my
life I got this this fat head of myself
my cocky huh yeah whatever I got this
cuff I had a Donovan McNabb II used to
be my favorite what did you do to the
helmet dad I think you did it I did not
just quit blaming me stuff on me dad
when you were crying right - try to
throw a blanket oh dammit this story is
all making sense now this was a little
Logan sixth grade Wow oh my gosh dude I
was such a charge oh my God look at me
with that part my hair and this this is
the trophy wall man is that with look at
all these trophies academic all Ohio
football I was a little bit of a nerd
475 GPA a dead stop you got the smarts
from me dead stop stop bragging for me
that's a good trophies here for football
wrestling blah blah blah oh and my dad
made me first up both of these trophy
cases but this one if you notice is
shaped like the state of Ohio which is
the state Warren you're quite the
handyman huh that's right baby haha
looks good though here was the closet
that I grew up in my room obviously so
for the longest time I thought someone
was living up there someone not in the
family though like I thought a kidnapper
lived up there man I was scared for my
life every night yeah good times good
times in this room okay so across the
hall here we have my brother Jake's room
so cool you see how he has less trophies
than I do
ah that's pretty much all you need to
see one more thing uh sure you guys this
is my dad's then you do your work here
right yes that's right that's correct my
animals animals we gotta have my boy got
pickaxes let's take it I got from a guy
on mom
you rescue the guy in the mountain yeah
you're a hero yeah more animals animals
we got fishing line fishing line and
then this this fish right here not this
one
so this fish right here is that it's a
walleye I caught it in Ohio
Ohio state of Ohio fish with official
high office which means uh it's so big
they give you an award
yeah it's whatever now I'm the snake
what is the story with this you had a
like 11 foot long pet snake or something
called foot Python
oh my god and he died of pneumonia whoa
you're gonna make a pair of boots out of
your pet snake yeah oh that's cool yo I
got a weird dad I'm gonna grow up to be
just like you except I'm gonna have hair
instead of having to wear a hat that
fakes your hair but it still look good
as fact that our Appalachian Trail um
sign cool oh really that's what is it oh
god be ready you know oh yeah what is
that shotgun baby
yo everyone that watches this vlog is
gonna get know exactly where you keep
your shotgun well they want to come and
get it good more than what such an Ohio
mentality I love it as you can see this
is uh this is a man's man household man
my dad raised me with the the roots of a
man shave my chest let's just ignore
that wisdom tooth ah I still coming in I
know the tongue in the way did not help
you seeing it but uh so that hurts like
average and today I'm gonna start the
day right with a little workout man get
the 1 1 2 so let's go that didn't work
try this ok here we are in my front yard
as I told you in yesterday's vlog we
have like a super long driveway like our
our yard is just crazy like I told you
like a man's man yard was a bike that my
dad mounted on this tree I'm not really
sure what he was trying to do here but
it's done also over here you'll notice
he set up security cameras on the tree
now knowing my dad I'm gonna call the
Bulls on that but I bet I bet those are
fake homeboy doesn't know how to use an
iPhone there's no way know what he knows
how to use security cameras okay let's
talk
okay so the great thing about Ohio is
that there's no one here if I can jog in
the middle of the road if I want you in
LA you cannot do this oh man this feels
good
yeah this is no hard cut I get hit by a
car and my career here we go ex vine
star dies running in the streets of Ohio
sick sorry the jog is picking up run out
of breath this is the park we used to
play when we were younger well not here
at the jog one mile in to get there it's
nice because we always knew that if we
ran here all the way to the end and back
to the house it was two miles hey K the
park resisted for a warm-up
yes this was the spot where Jake and I
would come when we were younger cause
shovel so I actually have a cool story
about this pond right here doing my
early days in vine I would always jump
into ice we had that in Ohio it's
freezing here one of my vines I jumped
off of this into this pond as it was
like covered with ice was not one of the
smartest things I could have done
probably pretty dumb actually check it
out here's the vine haha oh boy that was
stupid of me all right let's go back oh
okay
we made a home one quick thing by the
way from talking loud I've music playing
so I can't hear what I'd say I can't
tell if it's loud or not ah my dad
invited a family friend over cuz his
daughters wanting to meet me
girls got some cojones interrupting my
work out but I'm just kidding I'll say
hi to you had in the vlog you guys like
yeah like I'm kind of Lily
Riley amazing I met her before when she
was like way down so what's up I want a
hug I mean I'm sweaty but like yeah
she's like I kind of want a hug let's
not let's take some pics and get Greg
Paul out here hey Greg well that's weird
crash blog that kill you and track he's
like making me work out what we take
pictures you guys ever see a machine
work out I'm not about to get guy
remember anyone inviting you dog your
Christmas Christmas up to the door I was
in the scene all right this is beast
mode Logan Paul going hard oh my gosh
how many times did it take for you to
flip the huge jug 774 said one you
thought you were coming to see Jake you
can tell the truth yeah you really yeah
so I told these girls I'm working out if
you're gonna want to talk during the
workout you got to become part of the
workout it's just
that's what has to have Thomas away Oh
goodbye girls it was good to see you
thank you for helping me work out okay
yeah good sesh pops touch the nuts there
we go yesterday I submitted an
application for a wife and the mother of
my children today's application is if
you want to be my curl bar so down in
the description below I'm going back to
Los Angeles today
I'm going back to LA surely I have to
get showered off I am going to miss the
beautiful state of Iowa but first I got
to get clean so let's do that
I drop the camera I'll do another
finished noodle
yeah showered cleaned off we are pulling
out of the driveway I have a question
for you these cameras on the trees admit
they're not real admit they're not real
cameras there's no way those transmit
actual security footage no way totally
in the lights are motion sensors wait
wait wait so they're real yeah no way
you do not ease this camera I literally
have you on camera saying how do you
start it there's a red button that says
record it doesn't get easier than this
there's no way those are real cameras
I'm Way more techno than you think I
just do this video just did you heard it
ha ha oh wait we're going through out my
mother's house which is not this way
yeah oh god what's the garage code mmm
okay I'm gonna take some Lucky guesses
here ah what okay hmm I came just this a
shot in the dark
whoa ha ha maverick maverick oh hey I'm
average you ready go back to Los Angeles
become a Hollywood bird again ha ha what
what you can't buddy you gotta go back
to LA I know I know but I'm sorry I know
but but look I know what you have to go
I know you don't like it but you haven't
I'm sorry but you have to go mad let's
go oh right here
he does not like this at all come on
Mary he's right in the in the middle of
my back and I'm literate I'm too big to
reach back come on okay it's gonna be a
struggle but this step up okay here we
go here we go get engage get engaged
oh I'm sorry about that we'll get that
later okay that actually was not that
bad you don't good buddy here good
birdie Hey
we are on our way to the airport I've
told you guys this before but I'm quick
it dies Oh chill my boy - I do not like
working out in the morning it just tires
me out like now I'm like I'm falling
asleep
I'm so out here at this Airport
great surprise appreciated I got to bomb
the bomb baby bomb
that's right walking logs let's do it
check the back checking a bird checking
myself out Birds already paid for nice
that's right maverick now we don't have
to sneak you on the planes anymore how
great is that yo my dad was on me the
whole days like y'all you gotta get to
the airport it's the busiest travel day
of the year no one is here they like it
here why am I here so early
choose me I have this bird I got this
bird oh good that was the easiest thing
ever
you're here oh my boy that's my boy it's
pretty cool huh I know I don't be
careful he might he might bite you if
you get too close
oh he's gonna pick on a tunnel before
the plane my favorite part
the Sun right now is lighting up this
guy's hair and it looks like a golden
chicken nuggets match yeah that bro
looks like it's on fire okay me and
Mavericks a parrot have landed back in
LA that flight was oh you know my boy
we're home we're home average fee free
like a pretty birdie were destined to be
but then fly away
OOP double body sick sick thanks T
sometimes you not did it being a bird
what Oh so that is it for today's vlog
thank you guys for watching we have a
fun week ahead of us kids we got a fun
week ahead of us so be ready be hiked
get excited cuz it's going down I gotta
say though today was a pretty good day
sooner I worked out with a fan in Ohio
like literally with a fan use her as a
barbell for some curls blue to LA and
look at what's happening now I mean come
on we're here we're live we're doing it
thank you for watching
well thank you guys for watching I'm
going to say okay thank you guys for
watching today's vlog I will see you
tomorrow do not forget you like this
vlog and if you are not subscribed
through the channel join the low gang
cuz it's lit take it easy squad I'll see
you tomorrow
faith
yeah we're gonna drink right up
