yo yo are you kidding me right now are
you kidding me right now are you kidding
me right now
good morning low gang it is 6 a.m. and
I'm whispering because I have a Mexican
sleeping right there and I do not want
to wake oh I woke him up once by
accident and this is what happened we
need to play with the kangaroo on a
beach what you just jealous I get to
play with a kid you're just jealous a
play with a kangaroo be jealous a good
so I thought I'm shower and cleaned off
and ready to go the problem is I don't
know if won't put the Mexican upstairs
is so unfortunately ah I have to wake
him up so that was rough well I don't
like doing that this guy on the other
hand he is in one of the scenes later
today so that means I am going to have
to put him in his cage his portable cage
and bring him to set a few moments later
say what's up maverick what I can't
understand you that bird is the devil
because another hablo they've had some
some rough experiences in the past oh
now there's one more piece to the puzzle
hey yo who's this guy this guy with two
people I can get me out of bed for 8:00
a.m. that's the Sun and they'll get ball
ladies in your gucci son face times me
at 3:30 a.m. yeah that doesn't tell you
force cute because he goes I have to be
up to three hours ago bro like go to
sleep I didn't go to sleep till 5:30
a.m. in fact you slept it for an hour
yeah welcome to Hollywood voices no let
me tell you what's happening okay I'm
ready I'm about to blow your mind
one word gay couple syllables kangaroo
we got a kangaroo coming today bro
right a king no one's writing the king
why do you just assume this first
question goes to Whoville right Donna
let maverick try to ride the kangaroo
maverick you'd you down or what you down
my boy okay good talk so slight issue
when we shot airplane mode my hair was
much shorter like like much much shorter
this happens in move making and
productions all the time so literally
right now before we shoot this scene I
have to get my hair cut like a couple
inches oh boy I'm just gonna get my hair
cut right here this is gonna be great
dude I feel so bad for bad bro yeah yo
he's not look at him back there bro
that's the life he chose just the life
you chose Andrew bachelor hello darkness
smiles look at him they just say a boy
who just lost the Pinewood Derby yo yo
chill they're gonna kill them I'm a mama
why did you just say no they're gonna
kill the mama mama doesn't like Spanish
term um goodbye my sweet locks I'm gonna
miss you too you're worse
- Nikki's out right now he is out of
Darkness miles that's how you feeling
bro tired bro you don't look you don't
look like it bro
oh yeah look it looks good this
happening we're doing it looks good this
I feel like this looks a lot like it did
in the movie who are you
professional or something there's a
first for everything and and I'm glad
this is the first time I've gotten my
hair cut at an airport the first time I
cut hair an airport awake and up movie
you would know this bro that guy is my
manager Jeff yo manager Jeff yes why you
look like you just broke out of prison
cuz I just did oh snap oh it's not he's
a rebel why do you look exactly like
your spongebob bag right now and blame
them so back that's my fault as men
phone I love you for being your batch
mate I love you too if we make we don't
wanna go or a batch if it wasn't you yes
I wouldn't know what this type of date
haha let's go how you doing man how you
feeling buddy I feeling that first shot
of the day about to start we're at the
airport I got my Mexican I got my parrot
where is my badge
where's bad oh this is gonna be a rough
day for King badge hello darkness no got
to get five star not you you run act
okay Jose you rap first see America I
need you to calm down and the second
scene actually takes place in the car so
while we are driving to the spot with
the kangaroo we're just gonna shoot the
scene in the car see that convenient how
about that you did good kid you're gonna
be a star you're gonna be a star wow you
go he said I know I'm blogging bro you
wouldn't know this blog about yo are you
awake yet you feeling good yeah yeah
Alex sleep I think any minutes of scales
I guess what Logan doesn't he's supposed
to rehearsal
Oh yo this here's a thing I care about
my audience okay I care about the logo
do anything I would cut off my give me a
doll butter knife and I'll do it
nothing to lose I'm having a bad day
don't make me take it out on you hey you
are what with me and I'm having a bad
day imma take you to KFC whoa whoa whoa
whoa no I know no bird chicken jokes
none of that just he hates it
you didn't mean you did not mean it go
yeah bro yeah bro do you have any idea
what's in that right there like are you
crazy
first though this is an ocean to Lake
it's like the alligators first hurt oh
I'm sorry
did I spit on Logan yo if you spit on
Logan we're about to ask you out this
Carver good things are happening one I'm
very interested to see how you're gonna
handle the ocean yo I black people ain't
sure it's okay it's the universe swim
back he's just sure everyone in charge
this that was a little racist
I'm what no like it white sharks yeah
but do everybody a charge or the most
most people a shark I know I think
wipe you'll be scuba diving with them up
best you know what's in there bro what
is it called a kangaroo a kangaroo I've
been waiting for this moment what's up
man
I was the kangaroo the beautiful mark
your wife ride this - he brought - king
I kangaroo oh my god oh my gosh I can
use that little book - nobody is trying
to nibble on me
hi buddy this is amazing are these your
kangaroos how long have you had these
kangaroos - 10 ones 15 oh my gosh
I want a kangaroo how much it'll make a
bet I don't want a kangaroo I change my
mind
Papa come here I need you to do me a
favour wampa look in their room just
flew no they hate Mexicans bro Judy and
that one is voting for Donald Trump no
no please don't tell me I have to kill
him sorry guy but my boy has to kill
your kangaroos they said love doesn't
exist but I found love and it's right
here
I feel chance are you pondering your
life looking at the ocean looking at you
looking at the last bits of it what do
you think I'm thinking give me okay look
yeah I think so you can swim here
no definitely can't swim but it's not
that deep right means the ocean so I
mean but it's the ocean it's not the
ocean yeah yeah yeah you right yeah you
I don't know what I was teaching
Oh slight change of plans when you're
shooting up movies and TV shows you
gotta be willing to do things on the fly
giving some time constraints and some of
the actors needs mainly the Kangaroos
actually gonna shoot wampa running down
the beach with the Kangaroos first yo yo
are you kidding me right now are you
kidding me right now are you kidding me
right now is this a joke dude this is
not real life no way this is real life I
refuse to believe it oh my gosh look at
this kangaroo wampa gets to run down the
beach with the kangaroo I'm so jealous
look at him preparing oh my god so here
you'll observe the director worrying
about getting a selfie rather than
directing a movie look how happy he is
look how happy he is
look at the little Joey have you ever
seen a kangaroo a in real life as me I
have and then be on a beach for your
movie that you took two years to write
y'all after ah come to me Joey
come to me Joey come to me Joey I am
your father I gave birth to you most you
don't know but I did give birth to a
kangaroo it's that one right there look
I'm looking I'm ready for the big scene
you're gonna kill it I got faith in you
little kangaroo I got faith imagine you
come to the beach and then you see a
kangaroo this is what that looks like
these guys right here they just want to
surf in the sea a kangaroo that's a
crazy thing so when we shoot wampa he
actually has to be naked like actually
make a note no like underwear and
there's look there's skin underwear over
there we're not doing that he's going
straight naked and we're gonna rely on
these leaves to cover his wiener so I
can't show you what's happening right
now unfortunately but I am watching
Wafaa
do what might be the most validating
thing in my life man this is oh my god
this movie is insane what do you think
of what's happening right now
um I know what's happening cuz I can see
it all yeah that's all you get to know
the man the myth the legend it's
complete
bro it's complete oh you're a killer
amazing how'd you feel good I don't what
I'm not interrupted June I'm sorry
you you what yeah shake vlogging I just
filled in the nature kind of just I
didn't tell them what was happening I
did not tell them always happening so
it's cool prize no they don't know but
you know it involves a kangaroo it
imposed action that's all you gotta know
that's all you gotta know let's go it's
that time my boys excited again wanna
know the selfie stick is over this week
I'll get it go get it this guy he's a
hero I got mad respect for Andrew
bachelor bro yo look at these guys right
now
oh my god this is amazing oh my god I
made a promise to batch that if he went
in the water I would go in the water and
also you got to see the movie baby no
spoilers so I'm gonna go in the water
with my boy I'll check back in a little
bit let's go 12 seconds later oh this is
crazy I'm telling the story I thought it
was dead I wings the wings are so high
no 20 feet like not a joke
Amy crashing down Wow yo okay now I try
to swim a pair like what air you know
when you want it but that you can feel
it pushing yeah yeah yeah yeah you can't
be like it was like God was like this
like no one's gotta go pray right now
and then I look up I pick my head of
Logan palm standing strong like what
wait 20 feet foot waves not to mention
30 minutes of sleep dude 30 minutes is
Li whoo
bro what almost died what that woke me
to my survival away cutest stuff I've
never seen someone's eyes so big he rode
this wave on top of it 20 feet and I'm
just like y'all this is it for vetch it
was they I'll go down airplane mode this
movie it cinematic
at location 2 that's a do wait those
just are doing fresh yes that's what I
was saying yeah yeah I know
we took a savage pic with the kangaroo
here's the pic yeah you're gonna send it
off yeah okay I did it already you want
to do it yeah don't do it again
nah I control your vlog I know pretty
cool huh
again man this shoot is just outrageous
so how are you are you doing okay are
you freaking out cuz the chickens is
what I was originally gonna show you
guys hey chickens are you doing chickens
Chicka Chicka Chicka are you guys
maverick I'm not talking to you bro calm
down are you doing chicken you chillin
well okay good talk whomp a I have
something to tell you bro oh um is it a
bad news good news it's a little bit bad
news
oh this scene that you're doing next
move is so racist bro
I'm I know I wrote it oh yeah okay so
then it's fine I'm gonna go show them
what what we're working with here oh boy
this is the immigration room so when you
come to the airport and you have to go
check through immigration this is what
you come to oh my god it's just chickens
and Mexicans and it's a container and
this is so racist oh god this is
horrible but and the movies gonna be so
funny hi guys feel I feel good good good
good good even got a pinata I want to be
happy about this scene but it's just so
wrong does this make us bad people no
you know what maybe cuz it's for comedy
come outside I'll tell you okay yeah
yeah I mean so Wow
I'll ever mess with mixing and pinata
camera action
action tell me what's happening I know
so we gotta catch chicken releasing the
chickens they're no longer gonna be in
their little chicken hands if I remember
correctly you can catch a lizard I'm
fast I can catch a lizard no no you
didn't check you look what you did to my
facebook no you literally told me to do
it I did do it for the blog I love you
guys slogan hashtag lobby I'm gonna
catch this chicken watch out chicken I'm
fast though ladies and gentlemen wrap
that's a wrap that's a wrap wrap wrap we
got a good visa just expired no no yeah
I know literally like just today we got
to get this man on the boy no no yes
wait wait hold up the visa expiring
doesn't mean you're dying you're fine
papi you're fine right you're ready your
plane leaves in two hours bro I'm gonna
go get you yeah we're back at home what
a savage day that's all I can say savage
I was a savage Dave okay no serve a key
he doesn't even know you suck at
speaking your own language ro maverick
you killed it what a great day on your
part unfortunately I do have to say
goodbye to me hermano your mono I'm
gonna miss you go now you're an all-star
team
they say hasta luego hasta luego put
down some towels you know by the moment
you wash your dog okay okay
that's the little hey one last kiss on
the mouth I'm on top are you saying I
didn't say anything just give me give me
a hug okay bye buddy he's just doing
this weird Oh white I'm sorry bro hi I'm
gonna end it so me hermano is gone it's
a sad sad day but an epic sad day
nonetheless what airplane mode shoot was
Savage we got a kangaroo on the beach
Savage I got a haircut started kind of
savage my point is this I love you guys
thank you for watching don't forget to
subscribe this upcoming week is for the
first time in like forever light-years
away ah is free every week so I'm gonna
be dedicating some time specifically to
just making these vlogs epic I have some
awesome things planned uh so be ready
bro no gang I will see you Tom skis
peace
