Holmes tell me that you are not shooting
tonight that production has put on a
whole school morning low gang what's up
I'm gonna pick up my bird here here we
go uh it just start off by saying
today's vlog is gonna be a little bit
different than usual and that is because
uh how do I say this uh so I'm just
going down right now
it's going down to the ground yeah I
know I know I know but these things
happen so I know I said good morning
about 20 seconds ago but it's actually
not morning it's 4:30 p.m. and there's a
reason for that if you remember from
yesterday's vlog I told you today is the
first day of shooting my film
superstition here in Atlanta the reason
why I'm in Atlanta however it's a night
shoot 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. so I slept the
whole day I woke up I worked out and now
we're here however I got a phone call
not a good phone call in fact a horrible
phone call from my manager Jeffrey now
I'm just gonna call him cuz there's no
point in me even trying to explain
what's happening right now I got a call
from the producer I thought it was going
to be about your role and the direction
they've been trying to take the
character key that was not why you
called he called to tell me that you are
not shooting tonight that production has
put on hold because of you're free to do
whatever you want until December 2nd
which is next next ride in I don't know
I literally have no idea what to do with
if I like go it's more than just like
I'm not shooting tonight to me it's like
I'm off till December 2nd so like I'm
not going to chill in Atlanta all my
friends are in LA and go to Japan for a
couple days if you want to do it oh my
god oh my god yo yo should I go to Tokyo
oh my god
maverick back sellin ah we'll cross that
bridge when it comes to it
Jesus I think of the vlog appreciates
the info you've given us today yeah uh
uh uh I'll talk to you later buddy call
me back all right bye
wait damn it he hung up on me
how's my fault mark
i'ma call mark I don't know what else to
do or know I miss I miss you bro to
spread them up Oh Oh how'd it go oh
that's amazing did she cry not viral she
didn't cry fast but listen beehives let
me tell you bro they cancelled my
filming till December 2nd bro bro uh I
don't I mean you tell me Dawg like who I
don't know to LA right I figured I want
to get your opinion
Brooke cuz this is like dude I um I'm
tweaking but I have no idea what to do
what if we go to Tokyo bro dude we gotta
go over or somewhere I'm going
I haven't Rico what do no no not saying
you know Elliot and Lena's dope but I'm
just alone with maverick so like it's
either come back to LA or take a trip
somewhere I have no it maybe we let the
fans decide whoo where should we go guys
we should bring George - huh hi buddy
I'll talk to you later see you soon
I don't know what yeah I'm sorry I lost
my cool pal Logan
you have to be cool to lose your cool oh
shut up you guys I'm gonna get some food
I think that would help me right now
food always seems to make me happy when
I'm uh not so happy not that I'm unhappy
right now I'm just I don't know what to
do in my life but in the meantime I'm
I'm sitting here all not sitting I'm
standing here thinking what am i what am
I gonna do with my life I used to be
that was the old me I don't want to talk
about it anymore
hey you put it for my business there you
know help me out oh you want me to put
this in the vlog yeah no chance bro my
name is Francisco fix phones
I'm in Atlanta my number three to three
all right what's your Instagram my
Instagram way yeah he's gonna be pissed
when I put this over it so look that's
awesome
heck yeah bro okay all right maybe I'll
put you it maybe I better I appreciate
that peace oh man let me show you
something cool is it your dick okay good
created this as a can opener what and a
lighter wait a second wait a second why
there's a list is a lighter uh-huh well
it's amazing what happens if I touch it
yeah Oh bro dude there's noise a lot on
airplanes huh what it is actually I fly
all the time and I taken it so your
Osler bro hi
I tried to be he's a hostage Wow life is
crazy that was a weird thing maybe I
need to just ask strangers what they're
doing tonight and try to find like a
friend or someone hang out with I don't
know oh here's a couple cues me sir what
are you doing tonight
going that way I'll come with you we're
walking we're out here how you doing bro
are you I don't know I mean I guess I'm
chillin okay this is my stop goodbye it
really is my stop this is the bagel
place so many options so many delicious
things that he was gonna happen right
I'm a hoarder something I'm always
something for sure I look familiar
you look familiar don't know what it is
I used to do pornography but that was
the old me I want to talk about yeah
that's me I'm the guy that does the
splits and nothing else I used to be an
actor but my production got canceled
some could go down here I'll be happy
I'm here
so freakin with my mom I'm good I do it
the first time I love you because you're
my mom
second I forgot some I got I got a thing
to tell you I am NOT shooting until
December 2nd they cancelled a vaulted
shooting until December 2nd why what I
now what um I don't know I literally
have no idea do you have any ideas
that's a good idea
you're right about you always have the
best advice I love you MA I will talk to
you later ok uh out of sheer panic I
called the lead of the film her name is
Lauren McClain wanted to see if she was
freaking out as much as me I called
Lauren mcclain of course and I'm like
yeah what's what's poppin girl is a go
crazy production blah blah blah December
2nd blah blah blah do you want to hang
out we should do something I say yes so
I think she's with one of her sisters
maybe two of her sisters I don't know
she with some sisters we're gonna go do
something that I don't know we'll go
over their place and she was poppet a
lot back in the crib oh I have about 20
minutes before I'm gonna take a car to
Lauren's house so I'm gonna get a quick
power nap in I'm also gonna time-lapse
the whole thing so here we go
Oh
do this a few moments later okay I'm
here I have arrived but where is Lauren
did the McClain sisters where are you
guys oh the doors are locked
flora and I need you please someone
anyone please let me in my need lotion
okay feel like I look like a homeless
person just like waiting outside you
actually know what here we go this
completes the the outfit hey does anyone
have five dollars no what about a
YouTube account I can borrow please yeah
change gift
she didn't believe you for one second
Lauren you raise me up so I can stand
you raise me
up so I can stand on Martin is that her
love you
ah
this is Lauren introduce yourself
normally okay she's the star of
superstition which by the way by the way
what happened to that I am NOT talking
back
no really yeah me either I guess right
yeah I'm not lost anything about it are
two of your sisters here just once two
of them are you're trying to literally
landed like an hour and they look
identical to you right yes oh this is
mr. Buchan like it is she's not pushing
moving oh my god it's gonna be great
let's do this
you
Wow
we found the sisters no you guys are
talented is you guys all look so much
alike is one of you Jake Paul I I want
to make my way to the sister singing
group yeah wait wait wait wait wait does
that star-spangled banner yet wave
my playing sisters are logan paul wisdom
this will be a problem say Oh cuz I'm up
here because y'all I'll just do the role
yeah this is are you trying to turn with
us hey hey you guys back there the
varsity yo I have to introduce you this
is Henry is also a star super status
yo how about that production no the
production that production get pushed
can I say this last no yeah yeah yeah no
I mean oh no they know it's bush they
know it's push like I can't not put it
in no I can't not put it in here you not
not with it because like I told them I
was shooting like guys like I said wait
talking about putting it in really loud
I'm gonna put it in are you guys
oh you guys heard me say that selfies
selfies I got you on the vlog take
itself no it's a video signified by this
gong yeah it's probably one heart attack
Stuart X 4 or 5 or 5 yeah yeah okay
about 10 oh great
pies yeah no we'll be good to go they
should be dying they're happy right yeah
fuck I don't know what it is but these
burgers are believable I know but how is
it it's like a regular one right it's
okay we are on sewing what happened guys
it's definitely not in and out kill girl
they paid for my meal I'm not
complaining I want to smash smash Oh
back at the crib oh so that is it for
today's vlog I'm sorry it was so hectic
and chaotic it wasn't even supposed to
be a vlog I know crazy right um as far
as what is happening now I don't know
I'll figure it out I'll figure it out I
think anyways thank you guys for
watching as per usual I will see you
tomorrow do not forget to subscribe and
if you are not part of the notification
squad become a part of the notification
swarm all you got to do is hit this
little belt do it see the belt right
there
yeah it's dope the notification squad is
what's that word oh yeah skin lit bro go
gang hi one second thank you I will see
you tomorrow
back Adashi peace
Jesus yeah
