what's up internet my name is Logan Paul
and I am reporting live from Vine Street
today we are going around asking some of
vines biggest creators how they feel
about their platform being killed off
like a chicken and McDonald's
let's go up repop good morning low
gangways currently huh check out my vlog
about yo come on bro I'm vlogging mark
please stop blogging you wouldn't know
this vlog life hashtag Wagner is
currently 6:30 a.m. here in Maryland and
after making one of the most epic blogs
ever today I got a topic I gotta top ah
mark and I headed back to Los Angeles
with step numero uno is getting to the
airport
boom okay that was easy so essentially
today is a free day because I'm an
American
be-because I did not make any plans for
when we get back to Los Angeles so I can
do whatever I want bro
snip the others view is beautiful I
thought that uh view would be much
cooler but yeah no bueno anyways I'm
gonna go see the pilots will let me fly
the plane
oh ho snap uh-huh you guys are gonna let
me fly yeah absolutely not oh okay I
don't know what I was thinking I'm
colorblind
okay I don't think I'm a lot to be a
pilot anyways right there are
restrictions on they told me I was not
allowed to create some color blindness
and you see the colors on you you told
me until it's green yeah I'm only a mild
color but I be okay I'll be operative
you pilot so so you're saying I can't
fly in the future Oh
yeah I'm a little salty they didn't let
me drive the plane but anyways time to
go back to Los Angeles so what better
way to do that than a cool transition oh
yeah gotta be my favorite way to travel
fer sure so while I was on the plane
some stuff went down
okay so sort of sort of kind of a big
deal yo they're shutting down vine two
shutting it down bro wait they can't
shut down yes they can and they are
Logan what are you gonna do I said it
before I'll say it again I'm a vlogger
now brah come on I'm a vlogger bro you
know this unless you don't know this
then you wouldn't know I'm an actor
I make videos on Facebook and sorry I
make videos everywhere but the point is
this my home buying the place that gave
me everything I have today is getting
shut down
and regardless that's sad and I'm not
the only one who was able to prosper so
much off of this platform all of my
friends who live in this exact building
also had the same path as me so I'm
gonna go around today asking all my
friends who started on vine if they have
any final goodbyes any final thank yous
reactions basically to the news of vine
shutting down yeah my kid said my shed a
tear or two
get ready but first I am back home I am
in Hollywood so let's go say what's up
to my birth
zecko I just ran from my bed to like
that
hey hello to you too I'm back buddy what
oh you heard I know it said it's very
sad I know you can't win them all buddy
I know I agree but today I become a
reporter and every good reporter needs
food in their stomach this is a fact of
life I just got back to Los Angeles I
have an empty stomach
what better food to put in my stomach
than it do I even need the same
James Gang Gang any agent oh I'm stuck
inside scared this lady but point is I
got my gains both devour that everyone
knows that a good reporter needs a sexy
outfit outfit that will make people say
whoa you know that's a sexy outfit and I
think I have the perfect one okay I'm
gonna go put this outfit on you stay
there okay hey don't hang stay back
right come come back camera I told you
to stay there okay
what's up Internet my name is Logan Paul
and I am reporting live from Vine Street
today we are going around asking some of
in√©s biggest creators how they feel
about their platform being killed off
like a chicken and McDonald's let's go
I'm here with Curtis Lepore I'm with
Amanda Cerny
I'm with anwar jibawi I'm with the king
of vine himself Andrew bachelor Brittany
Furlan tennis stocking how many flowers
yeah million actually that's it yeah no
you just do this no no Chrissy how do
you feel about vine being shut down
it's a sad story right I feel empty and
lost to be honest as to do as do i I
think as do most of us I'm no more I am
no more
I wouldn't know our gonna be out for
like a year now what can you possibly do
now that the application is done with
your life based upon my life completely
over I'm on the streets this week now
that the vine doors closing many doors
have opened watch this
mine was on its deathbed Carvalho Noah's
family does okay it's been kind of
almost times like that were just like
pulling the plug it's been like watching
an old grandmother die for like the last
year and a half I guess I have no choice
of at either kill myself or fall back on
my two degrees college industry two
degrees degrees and embryonic stem cell
research what is it you mean so I
understand you live on Vine Street
you're gonna have to move now right oh
yeah without a doubt
um Vine Street is dead just as dead as
behind his dead I'm going to move um
probably into home soon since I'm doing
so well in all my other social media
platforms I wanted to show my nipples
can I for one last time so yeah for sure
are you gonna blow him out you're gonna
help will blur out to a blur out the
nipples fashionable just that one just
that one whoa this is not it's like it's
been gone for a while so if we're having
a funeral I was I can say he's been dead
for a very long time I'm saying we all
knew was coming you know we all knew
that vial is gonna die that won't make
the cut
well listen Britt I want to thank you
from your time here is so short don't
have anything else you want to ask me
like oh yeah like what's your life size
34 D are you glad and natural a bit of a
more serious note amanda was the first
person I stayed with when I came to LA
just tell a story yeah story time I was
a young miner and I want I just wanted
to come to LA and see the big Hollywood
lights it's like listen cared if you
want to come to LA I got an extra room I
was like yo man is Ernie and I got lemon
boys honey
oh we are looking very funny yeah I had
some acne at remember I gave you an
apron and a broom and like first patient
like yeah this is what you get my rent
my cleaner house so sick so sick he
stayed in my guest room and then stayed
for two weeks or one week one week and
then we shot videos I had a lot of sex
now oh no don't worry that week I'm just
call in the comments before they say I
know right you guys definitely hooked up
Amanda and I are strictly big word
platonic hey we've been together the
whole time you've been in that's I'm
saying it's been like a solid three
years thanks to this app called vine hey
it's like a bittersweet thing because
vine was like all of us collaborated all
the time when we did like cool videos
together we all helped each other out so
it's like a cool app to where everybody
worked together to help each other grow
and then it made us all friends thank
you for taking the time in my house
today of course hi mom does your mom
watch my vlogs yeah oh let's dough yeah
hey mrs. sarni well that's mrs. for a
cheery married Oh
I would say that it's important to stay
humble and remember where you came from
and I can't pretend that vine didn't
literally kickstart my life like
literally my entire life
this the reason I'm holding this camera
the reason I all you guys know who I am
is because of vine for that reason I am
so thankful I'm grateful I'm fortunate
and I make sure to take the time and
realize that because it's important to
remember where you came from it really
is because no one likes the frickin
chalk can't say I didn't see it coming
but it's it's a bittersweet thing so
yeah man vine I love you seriously like
you changed my life for the better and
in the most amazing way and for that I'm
thankful I am grateful I'm appreciative
I've had a number of interviews today
with some big publications and the big
question is like so what are you gonna
do now that vine is dead like okay guys
I haven't made a vine in like eight
months and before that it was like
another four months I'm chilling I'm on
a good path right now I'm vlogging dude
hashtag walk but I'm acting I'm
producing I'm directing writing of all
these big projects under my belt the
thinning logan paul vs. my movie
airplane mode coming next year and my
plugging my project i don't know if
maybe yeah the point is this I'll be
fine I'm excited for the road ahead now
I'm gonna go get swole let's say uh
young people's term for workout ending
the vlog a little short today cuz a lot
of effort was put into yesterday's vlog
which if you have not seen it was
probably the most epic thing that I've
made on this channel
go watch that because reckoned of low
gangsters I love you I will see you guys
tomorrow today was a very interesting
day for all of us here at Vine Street
