kiss me look at the mistletoe don't
start a smash good morning low gang
what's up guys so I'm not gonna lie to
you right now it's 1 p.m.
woke up a little late hit website yeah
it's Sunday
Sunday Funday I don't care no things
happening right now that are kind of
dough first uh we're about to hit
600,000 subscribers on YouTube one more
come on show me the money five nine nine
nine nine one more there it is pretty go
better caught that yeah times like these
things happen mark like I literally just
woke up in the happen so job number two
ah do you guys remember this vlog maybe
like a week and a half ago where I was
like throwing water bottles and like
throwing hats and keys and stuff yeah
well I posted uh that video and it's
killing yo like some viral Sh we got 16
million views in 6 hours is that viral
enough for you mark every time we shoot
a video goes yo mark let's shoot a viral
video today how do you tell they're all
fire remember what you didn't do
anything
yeah but in the Edit I did and I
remember you say how do you know they're
all fire are you bro how do you know
that while I'm up oh yeah bro so hot
mark
maverick yo I'm gonna custom SEO come on
come on your buddy
okay I'll come get you think I'll let me
pick him up pick him up off your hand
char bro oh snap y'all never I don't
like your attitude
but you know what I'm gonna try one more
time just because you know we had our
time we had our move I'm not gonna lie
DeMarco when he was biting you I was
just straight folks on on your pimple
bro ah what what don't do that yeah
again I'm fucking move back to Ohio or
I'll never see you again
I'm sorry I'm just kidding right I don't
answer my hedge people but you're my boy
yeah I'd never do that again what's on
the agenda today maverick what you think
what what you second here you can you
speak up a little bit oh my gosh that's
a great idea
fabric suggestion gimme here we go again
oh oh you know me this good do you like
that stuff yeah was it good yeah
maverick suggestion district much I
again suggested we get our breakfast so
we're gonna get breakfast right now and
I have a little fun fact for you guys
about some of the streets here I know
fun facts about straight super cool
right sir so while navigating through
the streets of Atlanta we're like yo
there's a lot of streets here called
Peachtree Street like a lot like we've
ended up on the other side of the city
when we're supposed to be on this side
of the city because there's like 40
peach trees I don't know there's
actually 13 like that's what I was going
to say but you just ruined it for the
vlog Facebook okay so this street is
called Peachtree Street there are 13 of
them I'm here to ask who did that and
why yeah Peachtree Street
listen Atlanta I know I'm the new comer
but y'all gotta get you together what is
going on well then get your together get
it all together and put it in a backpack
all year so its together not all heroes
wear capes so good Wow
that's what she said smashing right now
hey calm down I'm smashing whoa stay
yeah my boy smashing food the prophecy
is true I've cleaned up
mark you did a pretty good job Stephanie
how you doing with that I mean is anyone
going to eat that that you know like me
you're giving it to me out I have to eat
it I don't want to do this but I guess I
am okay ah so I smashed all of
Stephanie's pancakes is that right now
we're going to the Botanical Gardens
which I think we're would they're just
it's a garden right what's so botanical
about it what is the Tanner Pinochle
means plant but like wouldn't the garden
just automatically mean plant now it's
plants grow their botanic garden lights
yeah plants a botanical garden yeah
botanical means plant what makes it so
botanically wow this place ever was
there is a long time farting clothes in
the floor which is in 20 minutes yeah
and if we open to five see me tonight my
time ticket to come in tonight oh the
garden reopens at 5:00
yeah five to ten welcome to the light
show oh great yeah better you guys want
to do that nice that's right Stephanie
loves chameleon light in there
two million lights I counted everyone
Wow any time after five o'clock yay
thank you talking box oh we're gonna
skip Park now we go skaters you leave
those in their deck when you mess up
yeah leave me there it's like that scene
from Bruce Almighty when I know better
we use that seem like every time I do
that we
yeah Michael a little yes sorry for the
confusion guys yeah listen you guys do
the song if I lay here but it's like
classical if I just lay here would you
lie with me yeah shit who I don't know
the words
haha mark mark wait the way you guys are
walking right now bro we could do like a
really cool like romantic type video
yo we came to the right spot row look at
that son dude that's amazing it looks
like what is it doesn't look like it
looks like it's the biggest star on the
planet well well not all the things the
Sun is a star second off it's not on the
planet it's in outer space
we'll work on this all right you're a
good kid wait wait wait wait wait oh now
that is actually the biggest star in
outer space that's crazy
I did another fault nope still fall yo
this thing is sick
I'll spider-man this now okay so to set
up this camera rolling across here I'm
about to get down but let me just point
out this is what it does your hands like
deep ooh
calluses the grip is like not a grip
it's like we'll be gripping onto it's
the top of this this yeah oh you're
gonna do that I probably would have been
smarter
oh he's about the chin dude yeah dude
hey productions not gonna like that it
oh damn and recast good no like yeah
sending you back to Ohio side not even
back to LA back to I'll go back to
college get do this Atlanta's son right
now oh by the way the pic was dope gonna
be on my Instagram at Logan Paul
shameless plug you'll have to follow me
I guess I don't hey Mark
I found your skate park bro I probably
shouldn't be vlogging and the kids
playground huh that makes me a little
bit of creep
I'll get charges and stuff no all right
cool hey kid get in my boss
I'm climbing everything broke it's not
as cool as the first pick but this was a
cool vlogging experience no yeah it was
dope for the vlog and yo I like that
Batman comparison dude like I like that
what you're saying this agreed Oh
roll the clip like when Batman didn't
have a safety he had to give it his all
I feel like that's what happened here's
something that might be good for the
vlog check this out
hey Oh fancy huh Oh fancy fancy yeah
work it work it weave those cones daddy
weave those gold my gosh heel-toe
heel-toe heel-toe man this guy's got
skills yo trying to be like this guy
hey the only difference is you don't
have rollerskates on yoke we get a pair
rollerskates to this girl he's got
better style than Logan haha thanks no
really the wisest dog just better than
me
what chicken dogs why is that chicken
walking upside down oh it's just a
reflection bro I will film this bird for
eight hours if I need to as long as I
see him catch a fish we're cuff still he
is shut up shut up yo shut up it doesn't
matter swallowed her own nature's
craziest animals right now stalking his
prey he spotted his prey and
okay thank you miss we're gonna cut the
commercial break but when we come back
you're gonna see this guy eat up a
minnow thanks for joining us again we're
back you'll notice he stopped quietly
slowly oh shut up shut up yo shut up and
he's done it
thanks for joining back in you see him
wobbling around there down the throat
down the hatch
yeah why what a savage we're currently
waiting for it to get dark in the
meantime let's do a cool transition to
darkness put boom is oh okay you're here
hi hi mom how are ya in fact there are
two million lights in this Botanical
Garden that's 1 million times 2 or the
amount of subscribers our channel has
times 3.33 cuz we just hit 600 k let's
go
it's really starting to look a lot like
Christmas you're in the vlog yo wise is
just a hole why is it a hole oh you want
its stagnant water elephants me that's
I'm saying this is incredible just
reaching in the infinite space I feel
like this is like Spacey I'm tweaking
for like I'm tweaking that's crazy I
know for a fact Santa Claus lives in
there
I saved his reindeer go poop poop like I
saved in part because his guy that's how
he runs a sled
kiss me look at the mistletoe don't
start a smash
don't try to smile
alright I'll do it though apparently
these are the most toxic frog in the
world mark you hold the camera real
quick if someone let the frogs out you
think like you would die right I mean
maybe I mean there's kids here probably
the kids but we might be able to like
let's hand it you know
yo yo yo chill what the no no there's
kids not gonna like being coloured wine
these frogs it's really hard to see bro
like it's kind of pissed me off a bit
check us out they're actually a pretty
camel flage my boy got some big eyeballs
bro but here we on oh right now ha ha ha
Briona on the radio let's go alright I'm
gonna do my outro real quick so if you
could just chill it'll be dope thanks
alrighty kids we were back at the key oh
it's ok alrighty kids we're back at the
crib oh uh yo I'm sorry I got you gotta
go you gotta go I'm sorry the Botanical
Gardens were lit literally yo please I'm
out rowing I'm not gonna lie I'm
exhausted right now guys we did so many
things today we hit 600,000 yo I'm gonna
murder you in cold blood man we've
walked around the entire city we hung
from stuff well saw some plants and
liked it was sick also a little update
that video that I mentioned this morning
25 point two million views 12 hours
Lesko I'm gonna go work out yeah I don't
think I forgot I'm a savage baby we
don't do that as usual thank you guys
for watching if you were not subscribed
go ahead and do that oh and if you are
subscribed there's like a little bell
there's a bell next to the subscribe
button it means you're in the
notification squad so I post you guessed
it you get notified do it so thank you
for watching I will see you guys
tomorrow
dad good hey sea bass oncoming slow for
this one here we go
what did you say I'm part of a little
game thank you
wait no no you made it in the friend see
hey there you go
