my head is more like a lemon good
morning low gangsters it is 5:50 a.m.
and I think I'm dying
telling them dying man I think I'm
having heart palpitations now you know
what that means roommates leave in
sorrow the point is this it is way too
early right now guys I'm not a morning
person but I'm going to set today to
shoot my show for some let's go say
what's up to my bird Marik ah good
morning well good morning to you too
okay you guys talk okay I agree I don't
go take a shower
Oh God okay ah you need to chill you
need to chill man cuz I can't handle
this right now
my mom left me yesterday my sweet sweet
mother so mom if you're watching this
hey mom
my jokes are not funny in the morning
I'm gonna work on that and do not forget
that tonight I am flying to Maryland to
do a collab video and epic an epic
collab video with incredible youtuber
and a legend in the action sports arena
so be ready for that
Oh until then let's live the day I'm
getting my car a few moments later all
right jeez oh jeez I could a see boss
slowly waking up the first order of
business is breakfast in my mouth area
and then we'll go to my stomach make me
happy yeah oh gee this is amazing I
don't even know what that is looks so
good oh my gosh you're a doll thank you
oh good news and don't have to wear a
polo today instead I get to wear that
that's right oh snap
I'm gonna be so say how could I not get
all the girls wearing this man I'm gonna
slay I'm gonna slay more time slay
convenient how I'm wearing a shirt that
says slay who planned that out I don't
know I'm about to eat my breakfast I've
been waiting for this moment for hello
hello oh we're all going for blocking
what about my breakfast say goodbye I'm
bringing her with me I nobody gonna
strip me away from my breakfast how
about it did a fact that we're in the
same room like the whole day no okay
you're only that's for the wall see
y'all this is Zack today hey what is
this Jurassic Park welcome to Jurassic
your hair is fabulous
this it's definitely in style for
today's generations
focus guys rehearsals okay right here's
my rule you can make all the shows and
movies that you want but if you don't
have food in your stomach man I'm out
I'm done I'm out baby I got food
I got blonde hair and now I'm gonna get
makeup on my face my favorite thing to
do is a guy do you know what you got on
my face or not just suck out your brains
no take it often it's for like
antibacterial like information actually
good acne I don't have any acne are you
sure about that I'm a makeup nice and
caked in fake in Hollywood but uh check
this out
low clearance what I have to do this
every day
okay okay I back in the pot really tired
I'm like trying to like be high-energy
you know till I kick myself into
thinking I'm awake nope
hello you have what I need him
you don't you no no no that's not
exactly optional oh and if I show up
without my pants on pantsless and that's
your choice sick okay let's do this but
before I do it there's a little smudge
on the screen and get it got it oh damn
son the compliance
hey let's go act a little bit twelve
seconds late oh no go I'm just gonna
come back in and grab the can I can't
leave without the camera let's go
Oh dance Steven wakes me up a little bit
someone stop this man please someone
sabe seriously
somebody's hot man yo look at everyone
looking so amazing what was homecoming
or is this a separate oh damn a couple
of the year this guy's a king let me get
up you want mates I'll beat your small
ass up bring it bro a lot of cool
outfits here this is not good life hands
down - especially with this little
flower on me man girls love little
flowers are you subscribed to the
channel bro every morning look what my
subscribe to Logan Paul of e-logs and
watch that every morning okay so we did
that scene in right before they handed
me this crown uh notice this is a
perfectly round crown whose head can fit
in this whose head is a perfect circle
like that that that doesn't exist I'm
struggling myself to keep it on and
maybe that's just because my head is
more like a lemon does this fit your
head a little bit right ah
mm bro does this fit your head yes too
late yo does it fit your head no okay
does this crown fit your tiny little
head no I don't think so
it's my bun no that doesn't fit does it
for you oh it does no I know it doesn't
I'm know about it just out of this why
does it - better too small for you it's
just like look it it's perfectly it's
perfectly spherical it doesn't fit I
have a lemonhead look yo I have a
question bro does this crown fit your
head
does it fit yourself oh no it doesn't
fit but yours it's yours perfectly
awesome Congrats you're the king dude
you're the kid I'm back in my paw I know
it doesn't look it but I'm pretty tired
and I have a bit of a break here so yeah
you know what I'm about to do oh wait
never tech cut in the trap I love it
buddy
what I bought to just I'm not gonna lie
I'm not actually asleep yet I was just
doing it for the vlog but I am actually
gonna take a nap now
slept for an hour and a half huh oh
great huh you know when you go to the
beach and you get your feet wet and then
you hop in the sand is like always like
dry sand in between your toes yeah and
then you get the sand out it's like Oh
freaking weird
all those weird you didn't like my noise
roll it again yeah I often feel the need
to apologize for being so weird but then
I get out like everything looks so
delicious
it's like Christmas but with food all
right
I'm the smash master master well with my
food no where's my food where is my food
hmm
okay okay think Logan think what could
happen to your food I got it I put it on
my plate and then I walked here I walked
from there to a bomb here wait a second
wait a second
I remember now I ate it on the walk here
yeah that'd make me um
Faton yeah looking it does screw you all
right here's what ok yes are you okay
sorry about that well you guys are great
so you all looks so great especially you
okay bye guys I just got kicked out bro
we're gonna use your jacket what you've
been taking my jacket yo they kicked me
out and then they took my jacket this is
a hard day my Loganholme
ah is there anything else you guys need
for me gray besides me getting kicked
out there is one
savage thing I did that you'll watch
don't people what that's from no nothing
I fell down the stairs loaded balls hit
him in the face this is a guy this is
joke man actually what what are you sure
you need me now how I need oh okay here
Logan there
Logan ever this is the room I told you
guys begin you're all gonna be trashed
in from you got a first like me oh I got
the first line yeah okay guys I've never
stopped loving I'll never stop vlogging
yeah I feel like I keep like trying to
tell you guys stuff and then someone
kicks me out of a room or takes my
jacket or funnels my balls what stop it
someone's stabbing yo so I took camera
aside cuz remember this is not a joke
well this this is a joke but yo tell the
story about the the gel it looks nasty
bro but rug Cameron got his jaw like
smashed bro in a food court at the mall
two days before Christmas and was my
best friend his little brother who's 12
my breath friend goes off to buy
presents for his family doesn't want his
brother see so I'm babysit sitting in a
food court we sit next to this homeless
guy it's it's too close to him for what
how he feels and they're these high
chairs so we're pretty high of course
the guy starts to kick the kids check
both your old jumps up yeah here you
don't let this happen
well I jump in the middle of it yeah I'm
like I'm like you got accomplished guys
I'm not talking to you abducted that guy
you're talking to adult responsible for
the kid that you screaming yeah he's
going crazy a big guys like two twenties
like your size and he's like skew skew
nose if you're a weirdo because I'm not
you he's like you're weird over you're
an idiot that really set him off and he
was like yo let's go talk outside he
looks at me he goes don't say another
word to me and then I look to the kid
and I'm like hey everything is gonna be
and then BOOM I get up to come back at
him and I just feel my dog over I'm
gonna get you here's what that look like
pushed him on the table people pulled me
off he ran away screaming I'm not a
child I'm not a child
insane bro you're sad what oh you need
us but just shoot the TV show okay we'll
do that you you freakin weirdo huh why
are you drinking water out of a bottle
out of a straw I don't know they gave it
to me like oh you did it yourself and
you poke the hole with a little
hey I went got a knife I cut a hole in
the top of it got a straw I caught you
red-handed Jen is there any logic to it
go like I'm genuinely curious genuinely
cause it's when you're wearing lipstick
good you know but I'm not weird weird
set where you're on I'm just out here
action bro action
put this on come on
acting we rapped that's it let's say
we're at focus focus focus focus were
wrapped in the dab okay so I thought I
was gonna be able to get to go home uh
turns out that is not the case literally
have to go straight to the airport put
yeah we ran a little late today so while
I changed my clothes enjoy this video of
a dog eating rain eating rain are going
through cocaine withdrawals probably the
ladder all these dogs doing cocaine
nowadays crazy crazy mutt also before I
bust out of my pod you guys remember
that video the dabbing video I made with
Kevin Hart
so I told you guys in yesterday's vlog
of you twit me some like local gangster
videos from like savage stuff I might
put in the vlog these kids remade my
dabbing video check this out
oh go so I'm actually so pressed for
time I had him so sorry I have to end
the vlog here I can't even go home and
sign up
I gotta do it in the middle of wherever
I am right now but I promise tomorrow's
vlog will be the most epic vlog I have
made on my channel yet you do not want
to miss it you guys are gonna love what
I have in store for you as usual I love
you guys thank you for watching
dedicating your time to me it seriously
means the world don't forget to
subscribe give the video a big ol thumbs
up I will see you tomorrow what no I'm
not gonna use any of the thumbnail no I
would not no you wouldn't use my body I
respect you respect me has a caramel
prison it's so beautiful
