oh you called yes I did you're ready yes
all right good morning love gang it's a
good day my mom is still in town I'm on
60 minutes tonight at 7 p.m. on CBS plug
plug plug so we're gonna have a little
watch party for that with my boys right
now there's your harness there's mark
and speaking of Mark I'm sure you guys
know who Cara Delevingne is big model
big actors talented girl mark posted an
Instagram this morning
here it is pretty dope but then I keep
scrolling down my feet Cara Delevigne
posted an Instagram this morning there
it is again pretty dope
there is not the same picture bro amid
you confi Cara Delevingne
the only difference is that she's not in
water right you know I flew back to
Hawaii took the little bit bit I know I
caught you yeah I got your blog so
anyways I'm gonna go actually work out
for the first time in a while in the
morning oh yeah yeah we woke up what if
one of the ft also here's how I'm
sitting right now if you're a dude named
close your eyes okay I'm done with that
horse
yo that camera is not even on that
camera is not even on hey good morning
hi well good morning to you too
what's poppin bro did you know that I am
on the most successful tangent what 60
60 minutes what yes it is it is cool Wow
okay oh yeah look at these people
working hard look at this guy walking
heck it definitely all get God today
this is where we fight
a lot of people ask why I workout with a
hoodie on keeps you hop keeps you nice
and warm nice and sweaty sweat out all
the waterway and to provide for an
optimum workout shook with one thing
before I get back and I workout let's do
it
huh boom shocka Waka Flocka Flame what a
great way to get the day started and I
think it today started but it is 2 p.m.
maverick on blocking please do you want
to know I'm gonna go shower get cleaned
off
I will be naked too much information I
feel like sometimes I'm a bit too open
with you guys if I ever need to close
the hatch just let me know
close the hatch in like this so I'm
showered I'm clean off clean cleaned off
I'm no longer naked that would be weird
yes that would be really weird neckl my
mom sitting on my lap yeah we're
watching my bird maverick look out the
window and ponder his future check this
out yesterday I let my mom vlog for a
little bit and I thought it was great
what is it she's a hashtag vlog mom
hashtag thought mom nacho what does copy
what you do it's easy no no I stashed a
body you should take over my vlog like I
have some errands to do and I'm gonna
use my roommate marks camera I'm gonna
give it to you just take over my vlog
and we'll see what happens
alright so here is a hashtag you know
I'm gonna kill it
no one mom yeah but mother it head a la
Babu Logan thinks his blogs are on fleek
but they ain't Shh compared to mine no
oh there I'm curious to see what my mom
is gonna talk about I'm guessing it's
gonna be like mom stuff like uh Logan
clean your house Logan where's your food
so first order of business I want to
address is food food is essential to
life good healthy eating and when my
kids were at home I fed them day or
night all kinds fruits vegetables
protein well they had some sweet side
like pop-tarts but I want to know what's
going on over here both why is there no
damn food a lemon marinara heck do you
put on that there isn't anything else
and here's some whipped cream I actually
don't mind this mm-hmm
whoa whoa what do we find out that my
mom is just like a pure whoa whoa why is
man yelling at what I do wrote what I do
I'm wondering like what my mom is doing
what if she is bringing out her pure
savagery like we know my mom is a sabot
she's destroying my house making a mess
oh look Logan your stilts whipped cream
on the floor guess what I don't live
here so I don't have to clean it up
you do what if my mom is boring like
vlogging is not easy you have to be
entertaining us I get people to like
poop on and watch you so what is she's a
boring block good come in oh you called
yes I did you're ready yeah all right oh
I promise oh no if I trust my mom hello
y'all know what happened the other day
especially with that shirtless hunk
yo.hannes running around the building
like dude oh no mom no bye honey
see this yeah yeah this is getting heavy
last end of the day I got my water stay
hydrated kids oh did you guys know that
Logan was a little spoiled yeah Bryan oh
he was
I still for me this is it dad
yay I went back to my blog what are you
saying right now mom nothing what am i
walking in you're going death as a duh
this thing I guarantee this was the
worst vlog ever I don't know why Doug
did you have fun vlogging I didn't do
you think you could live the vlog life
you think you don't know this I know
this you don't know that whoa okay just
chill out with that you don't know this
talk it's kind of my thing
taking it over got some balls ma I'm
excited to see what kind of log content
you got no boy ah
mark is what do you got going on here
bro at a time of the sunset Oh been
going on eight minutes now yo can I get
this I get this footage Oh dope then no
one's gonna watch my vlog roll the clip
ah don't play the come on mark closer
watch my vlog now not play that time Oh
Oh fine fine
I'm gonna be at 60 minutes and T -
what's up bro what they did a row
ah I'm pumped rate workout yeah okay
yeah what'd you get get the buys no
cardio session Lou where you never do
cardio look at this guy Sunday love it I
guess I'm auntie - she is here I love I
love my friends bond with my mom anyways
we're all really excited 60 minutes 60
minutes we're who is was making those
noises a second ago oh oh I'm excited
and I'm not the only one who's excited
you asked fans are tweeting me pictures
tweeting me videos here is one of my
personal favorites roll the clip watch
Logan Paul in 60 minutes
yo Logan looking were you whoa-ohh
accidentally wrote the wrong clip there
that's a bit aggressive but that man is
hyped for me thanks dear I know my dad
is excited he made an Instagram post I
saw it with my eyes you're gonna look
like promo for me thanks dad
roll the clip yo Greg Paul coming at you
down my basement working out I just got
done watching 60 minutes with Logan on
it if you're on the west coast you need
to watch it you don't want to miss it
it's good stuff yes yes it is good stuff
he's fun you looks ripped don't the fat
chicks are digging him and he's my son
and I'm proud two more bags let's do it
yo so this is actually no jokes this
time we're kind of waiting for my part
of the episode to come on and this is
not a joke right now my boys have all
crashed thanks for the support mom
though I appreciate you how much longer
until your eyes
I gotta go how long is 60 minutes in
years this yo-yo real talk
no budget low quality what Oh
no budget low quality punk watch you
shoot 4k bill with a curse lasting with
a sense of wit fun high energy so that's
your schtick my shit stick yo that's my
boy that's my boy
is my agent what is thud I'm glad you're
my mom
which place I chose the right mom kids
when I was fighting all the other sperms
to get out of uh guys I'm glad I was the
first one okay
I thought you did fabulous and I mean
that in all sincerity even though my
blogs are better hashtag mom oh hey know
everything go gang son I didn't mention
this because I figured like it was too
much but my brother and I were also on
the Disney Channel tonight check it out
in snapchatting this whole night
oh my god you stabbed him I have mr.
chetu once more recognized your business
whoa my boys my boys my mom in the back
how you doing mom savage savage I was a
big step in my career that was a really
exciting thing right there I'm excited
roll I'm excited the biggest the biggest
eat newswatch magazine on TV facts facts
facts if you are not already subscribed
make sure to hit that subscribe button
because that we got a shake vlog I'm
here doing hashtag no oh my god okay
we'll see you guys tomorrow
okay so I'm showered I'm cleaned off uh
with that I don't know Oh No
what are you doing off ice take Logan
