I'm below Z good
good morning low gang today here's was
pop my mom is still in town I believe
she's picking me up a little surprised
this morning a surprise for breakfast
near mono my Mexican brother wampas
Arita l1 buzzer Rita has left me I never
let go your mother but she did you're
gone oh I'm oh yeah sorry I have made
myself giggle it's a issue of seeing
people for that and we're going to set
today for my show
foursome that you guys know about well
that's annoys and I'm actually bringing
my mom the first time she'll be on the
set of foursome so she's gonna good to
see me accent it is you a Mavericks dude
Boop that coupe is strengthen there -
good morning to you - I just say it
twice what I heard you the first time
988 no no no I'm not hey - what the boys
can just discover this cool thing I
think I just come on Marik step up step
up step up map step up oh my god that's
amazing this is amazing maverick is on
the tripod of the camera this is
incredible I've never felt like this I'm
exhilarated this is amazing oh my gosh
maverick this is amazing oh how you
doing Jake did the same thing this
morning but did he vlog it damn Oh
we are running totally my fault
damn it here all cars here cars here boy
wait up in my gut gentlemen open the
door for your lady
it's what we do we're gentlemen what's
up bro oh boy I'm looking in the screen
here just gonna be a issue mama
the main issue my hair's on El Pollo
Loco up in him and cut it good joke
never my life I read the comments you
guys know I responded like you know fuck
her vlogging sometimes like a haircut
good kid never um why don't you pretend
you're a vlogger hmm tell me look out my
sheets I don't know I like these are
what do you guys think if you have a
comment on these comment below your
natural ma hmm this is me they tryna
give you a high five I have to hold the
camera yeah I don't know what I'm
thinking
I sure I should know come along should
know apparently I don't know this
apparently he doesn't know this I guess
it'll just take over his lunch and let
it be in vlog dude it'll people on mom
okay mom oh my god I gotta take this I
gotta take this for me because this is
like a very real possibility and you
could run me out of business we just got
the set I'm gonna show my mom my pod
check it ever has her own pod put my
positive best let's go my team ah that's
me I'm allocate taking pictures around I
wasn't laughing here you go in first
um it's pretty dope huh pretty crazy
party on that's my shirt today would it
be it for the bathroom oh there's a spot
right there I don't know how but my hair
magically pulled itself together with uh
ladies what's he doing what's poppin
homie hey fancy is it because your other
sons on a Disney show and I can imagine
that his rooms a little nicer than this
yes man I gotta do better but you don't
have a movie out that's good oh this is
why I'm not always worried about being
late cuz what were you just doing
nothing you were definitely taking
selfies yo mom you're so hip it's
unbelievable how do you feel so
okay this is why I don't mind being late
because like I get here and they're not
even ready for me and and we're not even
going to set first we're gonna try on
clothes just do a fitting
oh nothing make for a good montage try
on some clothes this is one try not
interesting yo don't think for one
second I know what's under here you
can't hide from me
you creepy Baltimore doll thing he's
here look at him yeah this is no joke
he's just gonna watch me change sexy
yeah it does
it does right what do you know I'm sexy
I always see you on Logan's logs
oh my god really Pam I'm Maggie Maggie
Maggie ow okay um you got a little apple
are you upper lip oh hello baby
hello my honey hello Mariah
I'm introducing my mom to everyone my
mom met Cameron um what do you think of
the school but this set compared to
Jake's out his Disney shows hey better
heck yeah heck yeah bro thanks forgive
my mom that advise you hello hello hello
yeah watching meet a very special lady
of my wife yeah your wife my wife ah
she's actually my mom yeah she's so
social social media star Pam I need you
to meet the writers of this show two
tiny little girls who say the most
absurd blow ever that's the reason the
show is so funny
yeah and I'm gonna go get something to
eat oh oh that's my mom oh oh I thought
she was my mom why did why did it happen
it will Steger and you know for you
thanks I'm your mom can I love you hey
guys this is my mom weirdo that's me
she's a savage like 100% I just had to
realization she just said you point out
one of the extras I was like kill that
guy's you look like I'm walking on set
today and there were like six guys who
look identical to me look at you you do
that after bro did you notice that lease
right no joke six guys I was like yo
she's like oh my god you guys are weird
you guys are weird
yeah you think it's weird you watched
your husband make out with one of the
kids on the show oh my god
this is what I'm saying there's seven so
can you tell me what this is this is a
diva hat
what does that mean goes straight in
your begun yet oh my god what no no no
no I was guys my mom is here can we keep
the conversation I know nothing about
that
oh my god you mom
you don't wanna know no overflows oh
nothing about the combos over I'm
cutting sorry want to go find the kids
that look like me yeah
no gym walking and I was these kids like
look to me and I know they were like
looking at me cuz it's like they're
playing me so we're gonna go find all
the blonde kids it look like me I heard
I heard they're six yo are you my
look-alike okay okay there's a little
different oh yeah these are definitely
my look-alike look at these kids yeah oh
my god he's looking directly at me he
knows he knows yo he's looking right at
me I'm looking at him - those weird this
is dope how many of us are there there's
or Olivos I need to find everyone yo we
got to get in a group then take a savage
pick on selfie you will let's do it bro
on another nose what are you get for
lunch mom I'm gonna shove the camera in
your face so food litters just said the
same thing
get that stake mom protein that's what's
up that's not like the scene we got our
food with challenge but Bad News Bears
we found out that I'm not actually
shooting for like a really long time
again why this is why I don't have a
problem with being late so my mom
unfortunately is not gonna be able to
see me act i watch your show about that
okay yeah for some on YouTube red coming
I don't know and it's not always plug
always my mom is leaving me to go hang
out with my brother no I have to make a
video with who okay
who is my brother but I also have to go
to a charity event with my brother we're
sick kid with my brother for my mom
leaves I want to find all my look-alikes
yo right here this one there's one
Andy Danny Danny heck yeah we're gonna
find all my look-alikes before my mom
leaves hunt them down it will find you
and I will kill you what happened you're
all knocked up trying to call Jake yeah
I don't have a phone sorry I just lost
it I'm not giving her my boat she can
call my brother my mom's phone is being
hacked by a ghost
it's funny because I can see your
reflection like totally ah what I think
I unlocked it I'll take a pic while
we're here check it which one is Logan
Paul
hey mama you know what I'm not even mad
that you're gonna hang with Jake go go
hang with Jake we don't need her guys
she ain't low game goodbye mother
I love you pal Jake I said uh fuss to
you they gonna tell him thanks mom my
mom left when you hang out with my
brother I'm gonna make up on and I'm
gonna get ready for my team it's time to
shine baby it's time to shine
yeah do you have someone told me you
have a picture of all the blonde guys
together
is that I do I have quite a few yo can I
see it yes you can oh my god how many
are there a lot I need to find him
wow the only thing that is missing from
this picture is me and then we will be
the blond boy group right there what do
the boys are gay just chillin hanging
out there okay well we got deep with the
photo shoot they're out
Wow bro good way to put fun with these
kids all right it's time to get change
into my wardrobe but there is a little
smudge on the screen let me get there it
is
got it all right all right all right
let's go act a little bit shall we
Wow sorry I just blurted just ran into
the door that was a dumb way to leave
all right let's go ahead oh we got the
group we grabbed the group of
look-alikes dude this is like yo you
guys down to form a gang yeah you got it
from again what do we call it what do we
call it they like ours yeah they look
the low gang hello gang bro hashtag
border I'm just out here acting bird I'm
design your acne mom I'm just out here
acting bro no don't want any bruised
actin all right hmm oh yeah I looked in
the mirror and I'm like yo what is my
shirt say does it say party or does it
say panty on in which case I would still
fit me because I am wearing women's
underwear panties on a month 60 minutes
tonight really well by the time this
vlog comes out it'll be tonight
wait really yeah 7:00 p.m. at CBS make
sure you guys watch it what for to be
honest I don't know but I'm but I'm on
it they brought a boy band and Cosette
he said like a little baby there was
that ready and background action
snap I'm in the scene hey Brougham
wicked just a guy I was looking for yo
check out this girl manager proud smash
acting ok gets me goodies hmm Thanks
acting look at that chocolate bro
Oh Chuck whoa whoa horse what did you
just say chocolate so this scene I am
actually eating that chocolate bar and
when you do scenes where you eat food
they bring a thing called the spit
bucket because you're not able to eat
that much food over and over again so
I'm gonna show you what it looks like
when I Spit the food up enjoy I don't
eat chocolate so this is this is tough
do I done Cameron and Logan rap correct
oh oh
confirm of course it dis Logan whoa
his name is Logan - oh such a dope pop
in heck yeah wrap that's a wrap that's a
wrap that's a wrap that's a wrap
oh I'm tired I don't happen I'm tired
fuck up I'm home with my boys I'm still
exhausted problem is I cannot be
exhausted because I have to go lift and
I know this because they put on my short
shorts that's right baby it's Lego this
is just an awkward position it's like
day though we'll see you guys tomorrow
do not forget if you've watched a vlog
by this time 60 minutes 7 p.m. on CBS
I'm on it so go watch it record it get
naked what I'll see you guys tomorrow
peace must are doing pieces like this
better a little closer than usual like
instead of like this like nice and like
peace guys take it easy I'm gonna come
back bro what come back bumper come on
yo papa
God dip papi you son of yeah I'm not
even sad that you leaving today wobba
come on bro
Oh dunking on them haters bro yeah
