I've grown of him before we have had no
problem on us yeah yeah I don't know how
they were allowing you to travel policy
what
good morning love can you pop it on me
oh my gosh is at the moon and it's
daylight that's dope y'all that's crazy
bro why's the moon out right now
it's the daytime that's not so bro
you're drunk mr. moon go home my
apologies I got distracted
here's what's happening today ah days
here it's finally here I'm moving to
Atlanta today right now
like what like for one month I'm moving
to Atlanta starting now SEC but all my
friends last night I said goodbye to my
friend Ray's ABS say goodbye to my
brother wampa
the good swig of tequila on accident and
then immediately regretted it and it
just said happy that I'm going to
Atlanta to shoot a movie called
superstition shameless plug but also sad
y'all wait a second or my glasses
crooked bro what's going on oops I'm
sorry I got distracted again Logan you
have a TD yo shut Dolph uh okay uh let's
go pack for for one month of living in
Atlanta and also we're gonna take
maverick with us so I got to shove him
in a cage this morning there he is wolf
this that's a picture of him okay here
we go crazy right what would you say
would yo so last time I pack for this
shot the fun I packed to go somewhere
for this long was college so like
lightweight you have no idea what I'm
doing but couple walking please but I do
know one thing grab some giant suitcases
and fill it to the brim but don't forget
the ground
Wow oh my goodness yo this is the
fattest bag I've ever seen in my life
I'm actually gonna weigh it cuz I'm
really curious to see how much his bag
weighs by myself I weigh Joe 11.4 damn I
need to lose some weight bro holdin the
bag away 287 wait oh my goodness
288 minus 211 means my bag weighs about
77 pounds oh yeah this bag is so heavy
good was it workout your house don't
okay everything I owe one month of my
life is here packed ready to go but
before I leave there's a one more person
that I gotta say goodbye - goodbye mark
that's my boy Josie before the months up
bro you're gonna have no roommates for
the next month
oh you think I'm a ver - yeah bro
goodbye mark see ya you guys should come
out there bro like this week maybe this
is quite the setup right here I must say
when maverick gets loud by the way I'm
planning on covering him with my jacket
cuz I know everyone's asking like what's
gonna happen when maverick squawks in
the plane and I'm not gonna lie people
freaked out cuz he's loud he goes when
you cover him with a blanket or
something dark he seems to shut up so
hopefully that works thank you bro you
got muscles my G muscles hey yo maverick
was gonna be your seat so I'm running a
little later than I would like to right
now about twenty minutes late yeah but I
don't always use my brain so I'm gonna
make one more quick up pit stop you
could probably guess what
geez whoa guys guys guys okay bye guys
for the next month
are you doing maverick you chillin
that's a good bird I also just got a
text from one of the producers hey Logan
are you trying to smash smash haha just
kidding she did not say that
how Logan would you be cool with coming
straight to the office from the airport
for a quick fitting I mean I guess I'll
be not do it
I got a 77 pound bag another bag a
borrowed a backpack and a woolly sweater
what I mean hey I'll do it mmm anyways
off to the airport oh my gosh goodbye
Los Angeles I'm gonna say goodbye to Los
Angeles the right way by Roger - streets
of Hollywood I'm gonna miss you
you
I won't sigh if my dreams are only
dreams and it may not be the drawing
that I drew oh I wish I had a better
plan but so it seems that I don't know
why the world wants me to do all this
road is long as long as my
with all this road as
long it's long and
all righty we made it to the airport
thank you sir I appreciate it brother
take it easy here we go maverick you're
gonna go up here for a little ride okay
let's go - remember I told you guys this
is a pretty big movie he's got a big
budget so that means that they can
afford to fly the actors first-class
fortunately I'm a net and does I get
first class you hear that man first
class also helps cuz I'm in the priority
lining meaning I can check my bags
faster so against all odds it looks like
I might make my flight oh yeah 78 pounds
this is my parent I've flown before and
and you show up and he's like it's like
having a laptop
oh really okay okay thank you they're
saying I'm supposed to call about
maverick and I didn't do that
what yo they don't let me take maverick
on the flight
there's gonna be a problem don't worry
maverick you're gonna be okay
I think how are you hey good good yeah
unfortunately
you guys don't transport what a wallet
when I froze him before I've had no
problem on us yeah yeah I don't know how
they were allowing you to travel and
talk to you thank you okay then um
they're not letting me take maverick on
the on the plane here my options one I
have either you or Katie come pick him
up from the airport problems they said
they don't even have a spot to hold him
which I'm sure I could find one but I
might just have to like leave him around
option number two I put my coat over him
and bring him on the plane anyways if he
squawks they're going to know I have a
bird but what happens if they are they
gonna like kick me off the flight or
they just like I don't know what's gonna
happen hmm I suppose it what do I do
damnit okay yeah I guess then if you
could come get maverick that'd be great
alright cool I'm gonna find a spot to
put him Pat and then yeah
yo this sucks
this really sucks
my flight boards in 10 minutes
and I don't know what to do with little
maverick the parrot this is a problem I
was told this at the front desk I still
have and I'm wondering about this to try
to go through security and honor be they
even say anything I put a blank over and
it's not going to be hopefully he's
quiet and no one's going to know that
you have a burden on the plane yeah I
want to just try to go through security
with it I think up a fine oh my goodness
I'm going to try to smuggle maverick
onto the plane literally smuggling my
fur by bird onto a plane alright
maverick it's time to be quiet
I'm about to go through security I'm
gonna call him a lap parrot deep that
look like a lap dog but a lap pad I have
no idea this is the worst plan of my
whole life
excuse me I have my lap bird you know
what my lap it's a bird
my parrot we called supervisor went oh
my god
zippers all right okay so let me ask you
a question if you take them off - you
hold on yeah then I can just put this
whole thing to do the x-ray totally that
works it's open so make sure you doesn't
fly out okay which does not fly out
please
come here man good birdie do not fly
away be good this is crazy
no no chill all right put the back my
good yep we made it I cool thank you
brother ever this cat out there so
there's a cat oh yeah my plane is
boarding now let's do this we made it
past security which is incredible as
long as maverick does not squawk and he
stays like this I bet I can smuggle him
and sneak him onto the plane oh my god
nothing to see here folks just holding
my sweater okay ladies and gentlemen
what is it the moment of truth I'm about
to enter the ploy you push me luck oh
Emily you're gonna do the morning thank
you
where is India I'm speaking too soon
come on I sit down
this month I got this big fact that guy
a miraculous chain of events today folks
again I might be speaking too soon but
so far so good
now this road is long as long as my long
put on this road is
longer longer
Oh
I hope one day these clouds will clear
and the brightest of the light shines
right through
I don't know what I might want me to do
but this road
that's what I'm saying man you're
supposed to be in Los Angeles right now
I know I know
yo this bird did not squawk like that
once the whole flight it's like he
already knew he knew he was an illegal
alien being smuggled into a different
state that's why you savage my boy I
mean that's why you're part of the low
game no that's my boy flapping his wings
but not flying anywhere come here oh I'm
a beast this is my life for the next
month two bags my bird and a backpack
let's go oh oh boy oh boy so we just
pulled up at what I believe are the
production offices let me tell you first
impression of Atlanta
this place is shady bro it's extremely
shady I'm not used to stop being this
dark in LA we've got the Hollywood the
lights the action but here in Atlanta
bro just trees and sky is where the
vlogging is gonna get interesting cuz I
don't know what I'm allowed to vlog and
not a lot of logins whatever broke chill
Jesus mother gosh okay good my boys
crazy let you out soon cuz oh okay I
promise this is another problem though I
don't have a cage like I got to the pet
store and buy a cage all I have is this
little crappy thing imma do you right my
boy what do you write haha man dude I'm
gonna get kicked off this set so fast so
to my understanding I am here to do a
fitting basically uh well I probably
don't need to explain this but they're
gonna fit me with clothes I think yo
these guys have the best energy ever
she does this I'm I'm like I'm like it's
you out Energy's me I met her no joke
what eighty seconds ago maybe ninety
ninety seconds ago they have their
mirrors bedazzled this is incredible
okay let's get fitted wait you dab
that's amazing yeah I don't even know
your name it's pro-v I'm your costume
designers oh my god thank you every day
yeah every single day I don't know if I
can handle this I'm gonna handle this
Oh crazy you guys all had dope energy
yeah Wow let's get pretty let's do this
yeah let's do it let's do first outfit I
got these this morning I got these
skinny jeans no no okay yeah you're
right I don't know stickers you like
hopefully me our chicken wings a big
thing here yes house and his black
people lots of ducks and all we need is
each a black people everybody except you
we got a white girl don't shirt I thumbs
up you thumbs up you hard nomophobia
here are being away from a mobile phone
I might have just be die dead them
dollars and dreams so you guys got the
dope is close I haven't worn like floppy
stuff like this since I was way back in
Ohio and I got cold yeah take around my
motorcycle wants to do some homework
yeah
to the gun show here's a fun one uh days
I smash I let me ever go everyone hey
they're always like hell let me see a
Berliner right and then just attack
still he matches this outfit is it cool
if I bring him to set and just wearing
the scenes together yes
yeah the rewrites start now Matt how do
you feel getting your wings
stretching out you good whoa ah okay
good talk good to meet you guys
their lives are real in here I'll see
you on set yeah yo that was dope bro
this set is awesome I hope everyone is
that cool man we was now we were headed
to my apartment they did give me an
apartment
RMI big condo I don't know what's the
difference so gonna check in there drop
off my bags and then rush to go get
maverick a cage if I don't make it
before the pet stores closed imma have
to do it tomorrow in which case buddy I
am so sorry bro you can't win them all
maverick he's not a big cuddler so like
we can't like sleep in the same bed I
know I'm not gonna sleep with my bird
what okay here we go
please be a good room please be a good
room please be a good friend
y'all got it dark yo gusto
yo this is no oh my god
yo this is sick oh man Atlanta I think I
love you so for the next month this is
gonna be my home wham bam thank you
ma'am
bedroom over here we got a nice little
kitchen oh my god I'm such an adult we
got a couch we got a TV but most
importantly look at this view
oh my goodness gracious
this is dog what do you think buddy
not bad huh yeah I have to go get you a
cage so I will be right back lengthy
minutes late at the pet store
my love and Savior this evening you're
the bird cages bird cages awesome thank
you bird cages bird she's a whole yo
real talk
all these cages suck man maverick is
gonna hate me damn it
wait a second maverick maverick is that
you what do you do hard to get on this
poster ha ha just kidding
this birds the cha oh yeah
confirmed we are out here we are
definitely out here okay gonna rock this
bird cage right here maybe get this
little toy playpen thing and then I pick
out some toys for my boy but first look
at these little hamster guy us subscribe
to my youtube channel youtube.com slash
looking for vlogs let's go baby I'm
straight spoiling my bird right now on
average if you're ever watching this
vlog which probably never happened but
if you are thank me later bro thank me
later okay okay okay I'm not gonna lie
to you I set the camera up and then walk
there and then walk back for the vlog
big waste of time and energy you know
but it looks dope for the vlog you know
boom so we're back after you I'm
vlogging maverick give me a second
please I'm vlogging but the last couple
hours getting some food from the store
check this out a deck down my pantry bro
that's right baby
livin large look at all this food yo
shut the fuck up for two seconds please
I got food for the fridge I got hummus
almond milk some fruit by the way look
at these bananas these Atlanta bananas
are really long and awkward that's what
she said yeah finally I've been setting
up Mavericks cage look at this his new
heaven his new abode maverick do you
like it
that's awesome bro yeah boy straight
balling out right now yeah he's a sabot
you're gonna be the king of the castle
my boy look at you straight Savage yo
what a day man we illegally smoke with
my bird under a plane I got my clothes
for the movie and now I am in the
beautiful city of Atlanta bro come on
this isn't real life guys this next
month is gonna be an amazing awesome
crazy fun journey and it's gonna get lit
Loghain it's gonna get real lame I could
compare the litmus to the buildings I am
surrounded by a joke okay as always
thank you guys for watching I am signing
off for the day I'm living in Atlanta
now baby do not forget to subscribe if
you're not a part of the low gang I will
see you guys tomorrow take it easy
this road is long
but I'm on this road
Wow what a dope cast on with this guy is
good-looking guy though a damn tiger
Luda Bow Wow yo who's this guy yo real
talk
that guy skew Logan Paul
