I'm front of the modeling sup y'all
gonna love it okay okay good morning low
guide let's pop it pop so it's a bit
early today it's a 7 a.m. today we're
shooting a video for my main youtube
channel my facebook my Instagram my
Twitter the thing is it's gonna take
like all day that's why I'm up so early
I got Amanda Cerny coming over in an
hour we're just go bang bang bang it out
oh oh like not me and Amanda uh good
thing I'm talking about the video first
uh this this is still an issue dude
these pit bulls are giving me a hard
time in my life go go buy some makeup
and then I'll put that makeup on my face
yeah I'm a guy wearing makeup so oh my
god I wear makeup I don't care they're
also gonna get some awesome food to put
my stomach do you have any idea what it
that was quick okay not really sure why
I got this thing but I got it now so
that's cool time to apply this makeup on
my face and hopefully do a little
something about that
oh gosh love it okay I don't really know
what I'm doing here I bought two colors
one is fair and one is pale I'm gonna go
with pale cuz that scribes me pretty
well oh okay don't go there we go
oh yeah it's getting heated up in your
head and dab it in there get that damn
it in there it is daddy yo I might've
gotten it dude oh yeah bro what am i a
makeup artist or an Internet star
actually I'm going to shoot a movie in
Atlanta tomorrow so I guess I'm an actor
now acting camera okay I'm done
Jesus mother oh boy you're you're coming
with me to Atlanta buddies
yeah dude we're gonna party we're gonna
rage dude yes I'm saying yeah I have to
take maverick with me while I shoot this
movie in Atlanta cuz I'm not gonna let
mark watch him for a month I most
definitely not gonna let George watch
him for a month but yeah oh yeah we're
gonna fly on an airplane by night I know
you can fly I know but airplanes are
gonna get there a little quicker but
there he is there he is
let me get this light and then give me a
high five for the vlog ready boom misses
traca traca traca nice to meet y'all
check out bang bang he's the guy who's
gonna be editing and shooting it's
special effects is gonna be crazy Loco
how intense is it gonna get today it's
gonna be like a mix between the matrix
and and jumpers and hello and calm yo
and I'm what stop oh my god told you
guys it's gonna be lit bro by the way
he's from France right Paris yeah that's
where the accent comes from but check
this out check this out I might have to
put some subtitles here a bonjour role
is your putter fancy yeah rise and shine
- yeah how are you good morning good
morning I told the people you're coming
they're very excited as you can see I'm
so excited we're gonna do magic - it's
like actually though like just a bunch
of VFX track is gonna kill a track Oh
bang bang Mark Toner over there still
not wearing a shirt great what's
happening here bro just woke up this
morning
oh you see that Amanda you see that look
at this guy Wow
first video we're gonna be basically
shooting this bottle at my head so we
have to put a string here and then what
we're actually gonna throw it on my head
though yeah
sick yeah so sick that they're gonna
throw it on my head as though these are
called marks if they're basically where
I have to put my feet so I appear
perfectly in the frame over there it's
all cuz you know I don't actually have
paused so you have to just fake it and
believe it I guess that's what I mean no
you wait like you are in the mood she's
in the movie that I'm going to Atlanta
for don't do it Lana we going to Atlanta
do you know who else is in this movie
yeah Ludacris really legit movie it's a
love story a notebook or two um in any
that's the next one no no keep it on the
rap Mark's gonna come in as the secret
lover still without his shirt on that's
what I'm talking about boy whoa whoa
easy easy
huh shot of the day let's get his son
action oh that's gonna look cool er with
this gun so whenever we shoot our house
we do like fake cleanups like where we
move stuff but don't really clean it
like look how clean our house looks
right now see wow look these kids keep
things nice that's the mate oh wait wait
a second did we just move all of this
stuff to over here and put the love
second against the wall yeah I think we
did what he thinks is mark what no admit
this game of uno is yours mine who knows
nope but I do respect you for doing the
actual cleanup that's my boy right there
actually know what that's my boy okay
then Oh mark come on bro you hit my
camera and I'm vlogging I you know what
I shouldn't be young at you you're
making your bed in your room for my
video as I respect you mark thank you
bro thank you the next scene takes
maverick I'm vlogging please give me
Seki the next scene takes place in
Markstrom it's gonna get nice and sexy
but not not knowing out with me and mark
no to chose guys without with them this
one amanda cerny sir nation over here so
I called that this would happen Lucas oh
my god when you backup you scratch me
sound my back so many scratches I can't
what have you been doing I don't know I
don't know what I've been doing
oh boy why you why are you attacking
Amanda okay that's not a reason that's
not an excuse she's my friend you got
issues no don't you say that to me you
got issues son i'ma fix you one day we
have been like half naked together way
too many times
yeah like what is happening right now
but no is leaking okay don't make that
one like the condom
I'm vlogging now oh she wouldn't know
this block everyone's vlogging bro
hashtag love me why are you in my room
whoa why are you in my room my name is
Amira bro why you just got a noob dope
bed dirty you're right action
Oh what an idiot that was a big bang
a man never going to the next location I
would love for you to come I could make
you come to the next location
okay minds out of the gutter guys come
on that is inappropriate yes it is
I always scare Amanda I'm gonna try to
scare this a few moments later location
numero dos say that's two in Spanish how
you feeling oh yo let me just say bro
the lighting is impeccable here like
even though I'm a pale white boy you're
a little Tanner than me but my pale
white complexion works here dude here we
got some good contrast good good
contrast nice feel sir nice trees bro
it's sick dude what do you make of it is
it gonna work my sexy purple car license
plate wait for it wait for have you seen
the license plate hey hey hey oh and you
get it off then the car blows up yeah
and then are we doing that practically
yeah we don't make glow the car for real
are you ready to get yolk mark with the
pimple can you chill the fuck out i'ma
kill you bro all right dude it won't
happen again we're still boys though
right now I'm playing with you bro I
guess you're not a dude I will never
hurt you
but if you do that again I'm gonna cut
your fucking dick off all right I'm
sorry dude
Yeah right he's crazy I'm just kidding
he's a boy come on bro come on Katie
Markum how does it go so maybe just get
boom boom boom okay yeah boom boom boom
boom boom boom and his hair
well rolling in action boom
boom boom before we leave I want to show
you something
follow me I saw this Amanda look at this
look how beautiful this is
there's a bee in there I know but the
flower mainly I was talking about no I
just thought was cool cuz look there's
nothing like that it's the only one I
feel like oh oh okay so oh they're okay
yeah no yeah yeah we're good no yeah
we're good okay neck neck see cash are
they go on a road trip right now
thanks for the pity laugh bro oh my gosh
oh man you crazy
oh wow oh damn in my blog just chill
mother chode he's dead now what's the
best part about that we put squeaks over
all of them so you seem like a nice
person right now stop the mailbox it's
Amell are you cussing in France friend
in America in French sorry I'm
colorblind our next location is inside
of a store I'm hoping we don't get
kicked out I have the worst luck at this
so fingers crossed here we go I'm gonna
drive in it's dumb go don't try this at
home kids how would they try this at
home when you have to drive on the
street
mark you just blew my mind
oh gotta go quick bro I'm pointing the
camera at you pointing the camera at me
Manda's down there Mark's with a shirt
on now way to go buddy hey Mark you
won't get naked right now
look at me you will get naked in the
store look look and look at her you'll
put a shirt on this is not happening bro
I was joking
please don't tense
let's bounce we finish we're done let's
go
continue on dad for me Deb for me yeah
Elle's later yo those cops are we
getting in trouble to support this poor
cops bro they're gonna go for you bro
you look the most porn yo what's up guys
school thing we're soul we're students
you see I see yeah oh yeah hey also not
a student at USC I lied a lot right
there that was bad don't like it go bye
Amanda
you killed it today take good care of
her sir lekha all right you guys guys
ready for this video y'all ready you
ready Logan yeah what the fuck are you
doing mark sorry I just had to do a
little bit on my pimple is super serious
now I'm you know just Johnny Rocco man
yo it's you so sorry
I'll kill you just again you know my boy
come on boy yo mark there you do that
again this is you quest might like that
yeah I bought this green screen it's
whatever but now I have to set it up all
right then go ahead and put it down the
hole and shove it shove it all the way
through you know what are you doing mark
mark oh god is so unnecessary so
unnecessary it's guys come on
hey could we be professional about this
please see the great thing about having
a green screen is I can be anywhere I
want on planet Earth actually wait a
second why would I be on planet Earth
when I could be on the moon
Zera or one by the bathroom being your
local whoa what about our my front of
the modeling stuff yeah love it okay
okay
Josh wait a man thank you ma'am so uh it
is getting dark out really early in LA
told you guys it's like I hate I don't
know why it gets dark at like 4:30 yeah
it sucks that's right so we have halted
our shooting schedule we are gonna come
back and shoot some more later but I'm
gonna get a little trim yeah yeah slight
little haircut because in the back here
it's a little long and I'm going away to
Atlanta for a movie this month I can't
trust any of the Haircutters out there
Haircutters is that a word so got my guy
Nico he's gonna give me a little trim
hopefully not cut it all off and then
work out what's up baby and then we are
going to continue shooting late my
manager instructed me to tell you
yeah it's nothing but a dusting he said
exactly you're just gonna do teeny teeny
tiny little bit because it chisels your
chisels that y'all exactly that's what I
want let's do it
that'll be $5 sorry lost my wallet but I
already cut your hair yeah well guess
there's nothing you can do about it now
that son of a bitch ah Nico you've done
it again let's check this haircut of a
get the crib about to workout I'm tired
so I gotta let go somehow then how I got
this package in the mail so let's see
what's inside
yeah I'll shoes for me not notes
whopper whopper come on cuz oh please
well at least I have two pairs of shoes
left in my Colombian friends hey Mario
hey boo yeah
ah great G status baby on that no let's
uh go get a quick workout it boom
emphasis on a quick we have a couple
more scenes to shoot for this video and
then I'm going to smash my face with
pizza because it is my last night in LA
and then being my last night in LA after
that I have to someone's calling me can
you uh excuse me one sec because I'm
logged in bro oh yeah cuz oh you're in
the vlog you're shirtless I don't even
know if you're wearing pants what's
happening bro talk to me okay look we're
done okay yeah bye Georgie I was saying
I have to pack for my flight to Atlanta
tomorrow morning Oh
moving to Atlanta for a month to shoot a
movie oh my god I forgot to tell you
guys I actually I might not have forgot
my my say it again I'm bringing maverick
to Atlanta with me that's gonna be
interesting uh taking him on the flight
and trying to attack passengers anyways
we are gonna shoot the rest of this
video uh very quickly so let's do it
ah I'm an animal
boom another emphasis on quick you guys
I am exhausted what a day shoot all day
haircut lift and shoot again and then
George's in my shot and now he's not too
crazy
you guys gotta have energy that's a fact
y'all moving to Atlanta for month oh
yeah I called engineering dork sorry
hey yo thank you guys for watching the
vlog if you are not part of the low gang
do not forget to subscribe I would say
I'm gonna clean up this mess but I'm
leaving for a month
so mark donor good luck with that my job
thank you guys for watching I will say
tomorrow with what what do you know that
now you know that tomorrow morning
subscribe subscribe you heard it from
the Mexicano himself go crush it I'm
proud I'm a movie so yeah thank you guys
for watching I will see you tomorrow
during the flight to Atlanta peace
when are you going to put on a shirt
that's my call time you know
