you know what I'll be
hey you good morning love guy what is up
everybody
hahaha it's really early I'm like in
charge oh no not my hat give me one
second I'll put my hat on give my head a
cup man picking in one sitting
no had left behind here we go good
something you may know uh Donald Trump
its president down Trump yeah he's
president United States I'm gonna hit
more on that later but I just I if you
didn't know I thought maybe I would be
the one to tell you and then as far as
what else is happening today some people
have been asking me a few things one low
slow g-dub's what happened to out your
two cameras well I have no fear I still
have my two cameras yeah check that out
hi how are you how you doing
oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
secondly uh Logan this I get asked this
all the time Logan what happened to that
girl at Starbucks Chloe Chloe the
french-canadian girl hahaha
because you guys are right I have not
mentioned her since then and there's a
good reason for that but why would I
explain it to you when I could just have
her do it
yeah wait movie wait what wait what haha
that's right kids I'm gonna get Chloe
sorry my hat and cameras so I'm gonna
get Chloe on FaceTime and we're gonna
talk to her today directly it's gonna be
lit anyways let's go get the day started
uh my hat fell off
let me get the real quick good morning
juju hello I know Donald Trump Gracie
right look at that
dude on the same page bro what you good
uh yeah I'm just talking I'm a ver ik
hey wait a second why the sku in my
house what
why are you fully judgment what do you
do to my house I don't believe you
why are you majority are you fully
dressed I had to be up early so I woke
up at 6:00
you got some workout in then took a
shower the grind no I don't believe this
story at all I believe this is 0% hey
fun fact Donald Trump is president
what a bro it was a good kid that George
kid come Wednesday morning I am out here
on these streets most definitely out
here on these streets numero uno on the
agenda that's Spanish for number one
have some meetings but you guys know me
I need something to feel me for those
meetings hmm what can I get to eat I
don't know let's see what are my options
gains are strong in this one nothing
like eating breakfast on the ratchet a
streets of Hollywood Boulevard this is
my favorite oh yeah bro soccer top-notch
top na okay I am uh gonna go to these
meetings but I want you guys to come
obviously however I'm just gonna I'm
gonna fly through man it's gonna be pop
about my boom we're here chairs meet
riding in a couple virals ah who can
pull off let's go I'm just I'm quick
yeah we're back at the crib not I know
uh a lot of the country has mixed
emotions about this it's tough
nah it's a tough situation because you
know a lot I feel like you are there
hate Donald Trump or you love Donald
Trump well I'm gonna make some phone
calls today one of which is uh Chloe the
Starbucks girl just ask people how they
feel about Donald AJ bad bet that fuck
Trump being president but one quick
thing that I want to address first uh
two cameras haha hi are you doing okay
back here wait wait
whoa I know what you're thinking Logan
what are you wearing check it out son
look at this outfit okay back here wait
you notice the fanny pack yeah son your
boys got a fanny pack bang bang bang but
Logan what do you even put in your fanny
pack dumb question obviously you put
celery in the little pocket and carrots
in the big pocket yeah son be jealous I
chop these up with scissors about five
minutes ago ping and lastly for good
luck I hold finally the bottom half soon
to be heavy of a mannequin in my fanny
pack he's got a nice butt see so anyways
let's make these phone calls first up
I'm gonna call my friend wampa you guys
know wampa he's the Mexican kid that
steals uh my food whenever I invite him
over previously got my Mexican I got my
breakfast I got my Mexican with my
breakfast know what Wamba yo chill you
want but stop papa
stop what the reason that I want to talk
to wampa is because wampa is Mexican my
boy is Mexican and I know the people
from Mexico has some strong opinions
about Donald Trump so I'm gonna give
womp a a ring and see what he's thinking
oh yeah he's ready he's really ha ha ha
hey what I'm a boy
oh good oh good um I'm uh back in Mexico
my house Mexico City right yeah yeah
Mexico City that's the one that's my boy
has a family um amazing amazing thank
you for asking good how's the dog
I mean she's good he's here he's good
she's good our house house maverick good
ah maverick is good he's good I hope he
die yo I have a question for you
you bring from Mexico did you hear about
Donald Trump I did bro how come to find
out tonight about to drop Rogaine
he's the president has taken a slutty
the bride oh you know everything from
how it was missing there our soup I ever
go down papa calm down deep breath and
out good bro what if I told you he's the
president guard won't we funk I don't
think he's serious about building an
actual wall between Mexico and America I
think he's like you you still to visit
me and I feel like he he should know
that I just hope it he hasn't seen all
the videos we've done about you
especially you made so many down a
chocolate yo-yo you screwed your L
screwed oh that's screwed and Spanish
yes thank you thank you from how was
Mexico in general like feeling as as a
country so it was the face of fun for
all of us like we didn't ask you to come
and just yes I attend a dance and then
suddenly boom this guy president no
could believe it both for the fuse and
people talking houses enough thick your
repercussion the path he I'm worse at
antenna
okay well hey buddy don't be sad because
wampa no matter what's important between
us alike I know shit a wall a bridge
just a beached whale you're my hermano
bro
that is a fact that's a fact well
hopefully I see you again bro yeah
hopefully hopefully man well
look listen dude I'll let you get back
to your busy day in Mexico thank you for
talking to me for the vlog this is what
a lot oh yeah sorry I forgot to tell you
oh I love yo team√∂ me hermano
yo demo too but I miss you and I just
want to say I else
I also people money getting robbed what
did you just say what the fuck that was
weird
so that was interesting uh yeah yeah
wampa I don't know what happened there
buddy I was good it was very informative
you heard it straight from the Mexicano
himself also made the mistake of trying
to be to technological like a dumb
millenia why you do with DN stuff
looking what you're doing on my head no
I am recording myself putting another
camera recording the FaceTime no this
next one I'm just going to do iPad
screen and me and split screen will be
much easier anyways next on the agenda I
am calling my friend Jorge Janko so
George is a Syrian in case you did not
know good eye
what am i blinker I'm vlogging vlogging
right now hey okay so I have a question
I man answered okay cool so with you
being like a Syrian at all what the are
you doing in my house this morning
good question I like to answer I'm not
buying it George
goodbye
next let's see what Chloe has to say so
like I said in yesterday's vlog we hit
uh half a million subscribers in 59
vlogs guys the low gang is lit Sun my
pocket Sun but that also means that a
lot of new people have hopped on the
train since I made the video with Chloe
the girl I'm about to call so basically
if you do not know here's the story I
was on my way to China one day in the
car on my way to the airport some stuff
went down I got a call from my China
contact they're like yo we messed up
like don't come we wouldn't mean don't
come the girl I'm literally on my way to
the airport called my manager he's like
dude like we shouldn't go so I I'm like
ok Jesus now I have four days in LA and
I was supposed to be in China for drove
home didn't know what to do with my life
litter cuz like I really like have free
time all the time so I was had four days
technically free so the first thing I
did obviously was go to other store go
grab some food on the way there I saw
this beautiful girl sitting in Starbucks
just sitting in the window all alone god
oh my god oh so pretty the rest is
history man I just acted on my instincts
and walked up to the window and then
this happened
you're so pretty you're so pretty
take my number I texted her that day and
went on a date with her that night
fucking Diggy Suzy ah life is crazy and
I know everyone's like yo I talked about
the date in the vlog the very next day
but other than that like I haven't
mentioned Chloe at all and like I said
everyone's asking me literally hundreds
of comments every long where's Chloe
where is this outburst girl but I'm with
you and Chloe
hashtag cloggin which by the way cloak
it kind of dope anyways there's a reason
I have not addressed it haha you know
what to call this girl and you guys can
see it for yourselves firsthand so let's
give Chloe your ear you know what I'll
be hey if it's been eleven hundred years
not exactly how long has it been like
what since August oh my god all my fans
are asking where's Chloe
where's Starbucks girl and I don't even
think I completely understand what's
happening where are you right now I'm
right now well I am based in Mexico City
but I'm in Oaxaca Mexico City I I just
talked to my friend WAPA he lives there
how are the tensions and feelings with
the Donald Trump it's such an actually
like I almost cried on the bus oh boy
I'm not even American I'm just so upset
you you like yours cry yeah it was just
I can't stop thinking about it
haha in case you guys do not know you
are french-canadian you speak fluent
French see see that was belly 76 binge
that was definitely but okay we will
work on that on when I went and I was
looking at your phone and like watching
you put my number and I saw it was in a
different
language and I was like y'all yeah we
got a foreign girl on our hands oh my
goodness it's okay you're based in
Mexico City and but like why why Mexico
like why did you wear it why not here
Amit did say what you can I'm here
because the work that I need to be able
to come back to the States
take it done really quickly here sounds
like some scheana no idea what I'm
talking about
sounds like some shady dealings to me if
I'm understanding correctly what you're
saying is that you're an illegal alien
what you're doing drugs I do not want to
fuck American right are you kidding me
and then you're doing good and you want
to be American you are they well the
Donald Trump thing is is hitting United
States pretty heavy yeah I was watching
I could see the video so people like
stampeding through the streets
I wish stuff is very try you would
literally you enjoyed fighting the power
right now it's gala would no word
because it's wondering you so much I
think it's something I would actually
like to take action on if you came back
to America would I ever catch you
sitting in the Starbucks again would you
always just be stampeding against Donald
Trump I mean a coffee breaks saving it's
hard work some guy was calling me what
it's Josh saying he's still not sure
what that means
Josh yeah to be honest I don't know
either it's just like a thing they are
the fans I have come up with a slogan
would be our relationship name oh my god
but I'm so conscious ten minutes can see
this was the hey oh my god grazie
but you had a you had to up and move to
Mexico I'm gonna come back in the new
year what two months way to show it I
think
a handle nut that amount of time yeah
but based on what hitting half a million
subs I hit happen in something like two
months I will be at a million by then
like my vlog life is gonna be lit like
what if I don't know harm what if I
don't have time for closure is all I'm
saying
you already don't have time for Chloe oh
I'll make time I gotta make time oh
you're right
you're so right okay well listen I think
my audience is gonna love this the low
gang that that's the name of the low
gang it's catching just everything just
as a G baby let's go huh no but they're
gonna love this nigger love this so yo
thanks for taking the time to talk to me
Chloe
hopefully when you get back to the
states we've got another date but you
have to come back first I'll be back
where you get sushi with me again you
know she play your cards right perhaps
you make time for a minute yeah maybe I
think I could make that happen
I think I can make time I have fun in
Mexico you got it Mike Logan bye-bye yo
always don't guys I try to tell you plus
cloaking is sick wait what I don't know
why I just said I tried to tell you I
just got done saying how I haven't told
you anything about it that's my bad I'm
glad we finally got to have that
conversation cuz I know I know you guys
have been dying to see that and like I
said guys I read your comments like how
would I know you'd wanted to see that if
I didn't read your comments I read them
son I read them son breathe in bro
anyways uh let's see what else is poppin
tonight I'm gonna work out I got this
package in the mail you guys wanna see
what's in this no cake show you anyways
oh oh my god yo what war oh my gosh what
are these straight from the gods
themselves what is this shoe
oh this is no joke yo look at these
puppies me I don't even honestly I know
I'm a savage but these they're I say it
might even beat you savage for me me I
don't know I don't even know if I can
wear these you're just too cool oh I
couldn't wait I put my old
yeah yeah these are dope now this is
obviously not the right outfit to wear
them with but you know we rock it
anyways loca two hours later yeah so I
am in a different outfit yeah a couple
hours have passed it is 9:00 p.m. and
I'm about to hit the gym yes whoa oh oh
lift weights pick up heavy things then
put them back down and then do it again
in sets of three by eight all right oh
okay over here
easy work baby let's go this is where we
fight
oh my god crazy uh working out cig okay
low gang I'm not gonna lie Savage level
was a medium today but I wanted to get
in here it's late I'm a little tired but
at least I did it I got in here got my
working alright let's go back upstairs
shall we how are you expecting a cool
transition no not today wait wait a
second
boom gotcha ha I'm so tricky crazy right
today was a good day today was a really
good day I'm not gonna lie you talked to
some people about how they felt about
Donald Trump being president we talked
to Chloe
the infamous Chloe who I know you guys
have been dying to hear from little
disappointed that she's uh an illegal
alien but you know you win some you lose
some
ha ha ha Chloe I know you're watching
this video it's a joke just a joke not
in the league lately and I think I don't
know talk to a girl come back to the
u.s. let's go get some sushi no saying
oh god I'm such a judge all solo
gangsters remember I said you guys send
me some low gang videos if you're cool
if I like them I might post mangas
channel well feast your eyes upon what
might be the coolest thing I've ever
seen in my lifetime
that's some next-level rewrite there son
yeah next level REE
it's like savagery but with levels and
one quick thing I want to say is two
cameras Hey hi how you do it okay back
here
hi oh but that's not it I was going to
say in my meeting today I was informed
that there is a little Bell next to the
subscribe button now apparently if you
click this bell you will be notified
when I post a video now that's awesome
Wow
I believe the YouTube community calls
that the notification squad I don't want
to call you guys the notification squad
we're logan but if you are low gang and
you have the notifications on just hit
that Bell hit the ring the bell do it is
you're ringing it am i ringing I don't
know I'm just I'm just Logan as usual I
love you guys I'm signing off for the
day take it easy I'll see you tomorrow
Logan peace
just login my meeting that's all that's
cool that's cool
