blogging No good morning guys one quick
thing I know I probably wears up
yesterday's vlog I saw myself on my own
billboard for the first time in my life
such an amazing humbling experience that
was cool my movie the thinning is doing
amazing today I'm going back to shoot
that show for some what you guys have
seen a lot of yeah I know it's been a
while so we know this show and I know I
kind of teased you guys with this but
here is I want to give ourselves a name
like a family like squad name I'm gonna
shoot you guys some options today and I
actually want you to help me choose I
have some good ideas some of you guys
suggested him I came up with one that I
kind of like but let's go get that dirt
started real quick I want to get the day
started like this yo let me see this
shirt well she got here booting that's
red okay ah no that's cool anyway good
morning to you too my G what should we
call my people huh yo did you he just
pooped in front of Maron man dude man
running late to set as usual but I got
my hoverboard so I'm speedy and if I go
my hands like this I make it myself even
faster let's go I'm bad let's go bro my
boy brought me a games Bowl my boy oh I
love you more
what's this guy doing what's he doing
it's not Halloween yet I dude what this
is so weird what's going on with this
come on now I will say he looks fabulous
though one of the many weird things that
I see in Hollywood along with all the
naked people running around sometimes
including myself whoa boy is hot outside
where's my car I gotta go to set and I'm
loose my God my god I bro popping homie
I'm a little late it's my fault I know
but if you can put a little pedal to the
metal as I sit here and devour my
Gainesville I'm actually studying my
characters lines for today yeah again
something I probably should've done in
advance but you know there's a little
thing called the brain which I don't
always use we still gonna kill it though
I piece my G I could I say let's do this
twenty minutes late learn for me kids
don't be late
but look where is everybody where is
everybody
Oh promise I don't know what we're
shooting today Stace you okay sick thank
you stage two here I come good oh yeah
what's up probably want me good thank
the Lord for my hoverboard lady yeah
oh Jesus but where are the makeup girl
is no makeup artist in here I'm uh I'm
gonna go ahead and scared haha
I do it in my life filming this again
today no no I'm not recording there we
get enough footage yeah yeah no I can't
handle two guys at 1/5 all right that's
what she said that's what she said today
it's going awesome that's good
I know you're gonna say awful mouthing
off of me scary wall I think it is crap
Pam are you wearing a diaper
no that's a problem gonna have to borrow
underwear off of water yeah
go borrow my underwear I think might be
too big maybe hey what are you wearing
pajamas why it's the middle of the day
oh wait you're shooting a show got you
that I'm on for some baby
mmm all right what's poppin in here yes
yes yes hey guys the writers of the show
you guys look so cute are there any
sides in your exercise the lines that I
have to know that I don't know yeah you
were you were totally right
lavender makes my schedule wish I told
your boss treat yourself after you beat
yourself acting I'm in my pot anyways
when I was in school they showed me
these nature documentaries called planet
Earth now I'm scrolling through my
facebook feed about what six minutes ago
and I see this planet Earth - oh my god
I am so excited I am so excited so I'm
gonna watch the the trailer for it right
now for the first time
oh my god this is amazing
oh my god I love life so much yeah
monkey jumping oh jump even to
be trees that's my grandma's holy Joe
more monkeys are they gonna jump let's
see it up Fox is jumping now switching
it up a little bit
whoa cats jumping everything's jumping
jumping bird step a lot of things jump
here planet Earth add rev up jumping
Timez I great the driver are up dr.
Dubrow
Wow
I'm so excited to watch that yes my
favorite part about the locker room
scene hahaha another naked vent and the
Debbie make no mistake I will get naked
I will definitely get naked but right
now I'm on stage just rehearsal you know
only girls no boys allowed
ah sounds like a clerk for active duty
or naked students that's my boy boys
we're naked we're officially naked we're
ready to go let's act a little bit bro
well you do that dolphin noise you just
did okay
that's coke all right we are done in the
locker room the next scene is taking
place in an escape room that looks like
an insane asylum a mental hospital dried
apples for the roam we're a whole st.
Lucifer from the gods themselves but
what is this what is this what is this
oh my god oh my god bro what are you
doing cars caught red-handed bro yo this
is amazing they got everything they got
floats and comb you know how I know that
because it says right here yo I'm gonna
give you guys the inside look sneak peek
what is really going down in the ice
cream truck
coming they caught me did you come for
the ice cream ice cream I'm screaming
aah as I change into my next outfit let
me just give a little lecture about ice
cream ice cream is uh it's not the best
for you sort of unhealthy bad for your
skin so I'm not going to get it god damn
it
I broke it's just it's so good when does
free ice cream and Oh mmm kind of regret
it at all I've said it since I've came
out the womb what's better than food
free food and and look it's a waffle
bowl not a typical Bowman this bowl is
edible
oh my waffle just broke it's okay have
no fear I'm fine this could be a
disaster oh boy oh boy oh boy here we go
oh um this is oh man oh no oh no oh God
I don't know what to do any help hey bro
I need help yeah I need to play or
something is bad Ross is really big I'll
never stop eating No I've never done a
know I've never done a waffle bowl
before he gave me a napkin when I got
ice cream you give me a napkin threw it
out huh good job for Logan brood drop
tomorrow from Brophy he'll just eat it
up
don't man check out this set for this
scene oh my gosh yo this is like a
mental hospital and sane asylum thing
what does it mean what does it mean this
guy's got bugs on his face is brain in
this too what is happening right DPI's
cherry on another brain there's gonna be
such a fun scene and I get to flip I
literally get to flip this entire tray
full of tools and stuff my only fear is
that they think I'm an insane person and
like actually locking down and shut me
down because I'm actually crazy
let's move this will not break anything
good walk and no doctor eat my brains
out
acting looks like it you alright people
they are shooting my co-stars right now
so I have a bit of time to talk let's
talk about the family name the squad
name have some ideas you guys gave me
some ideas but I want you to help choose
me you know what we call ourselves if
you gave me a suggestion first off thank
you thank you this is kind of big guys
like I'm gonna I'm gonna stick with this
name and we will call our Sauer family
of hash tag blog dude call ourselves
this for the rest of my vlog life so is
big there ain't no going back I've slept
on him I slept a time I think that like
I said is one that I like but I want to
get your guys opinions here are some
that I got ready stud the Logan odds the
Brogan's savages Logan's Legion of lads
and legendary ladies yeah parlors kind
of like ballers but Pollard's Paul
nation
okay the Mavs after my bird maverick of
course who you are all familiar with the
log links and Logan Knights I'm looking
at this I'd like aa loge army I like
Brogan I like Logan Ott's all of these
are great if you like any of those go
ahead and comment down below but there's
one that I created and I think it's the
lot bro I'm sorry I'm just uh I'm
vlogging my life with it so are you guys
ready for this name okay I'm gonna stand
up my fingers it stand up you let me
know okay are you ready mistake here we
go three two one low gang I don't know
rubble okay like so every morning I
better we go yo what's up low gang I
just have five with him and I kind of
feel it what my opinion is only my
opinion I want to know what you guys
like so of all the names I said if
there's someone that sticks out for me
it's low gang let me know comment down
below and that's that's gonna be our
name and then we'll have to work
together to come up with the hand signal
thing but one thing at a time all right
this is big up this is I'm telling you
this is big anyway I'm gonna go continue
acting continue acting so let's do that
is that cool I just ran from there to
there so I go to do the scene and we
wrapped early like we wrapped way early
like in two hours early so I got some
free time now I think I might uh go home
and lift baby get a little pumpkin a
little swollen why do we wrap early
because we love you it's Friday night oh
it is Friday night so maybe you have a
hot day I do have a hot date with the
gym I'm home and I'm vlogging and what
the excuse me hook up what is happening
right now I have a weird life come on
around fam I was like I know who this is
Curtis row why you cannot be holding
machete wearing that costume yes why not
no yo yo come on come on that's
terrifying
you know I didn't get the whole like
date like why everyone is sort of scared
of clowns until I saw that I didn't make
it here premiere how was it Oh
sitting on oh and use you read all right
I don't know how much of a swole I'm
gonna get to hang out a little bit of a
headache little tight but I'm definitely
going to get in there and I'm going to
get got I will be getting got my people
no people just machines but that's what
I like to see baby let's go
got my first 15 minutes out of the way
here's black but sometimes in life you
got to do things you don't wanna do I
had headache I was sleepy but now I got
it all the way got over that first hump
no I think you know sleepy and I'm gonna
get an hour lifting baby I'm about to
get better cuz I pushed myself
let's do
Oh mom mom is a mommy watching this just
now the thing is now I have used to
blogging no oh oh oh my god I wish I had
a camera outside yo I just sniped it it
was falling I caught it by like the last
rung on this little Gorillapod thing o
log e you wouldn't know this is it for
today's vlog guys that was a solid day
as usual thank you for watching before I
sign off
don't forget babes what water that I
didn't I apologize I don't know why I
caused you pain hi Ellie we're let's try
this again don't forget we're picking
our our family name guys the Logan
Knights the Logan knots like the the
savages here thing about the savages
like don't forget we there's girls in
this family you know and I know the bros
are gonna be the guilt let's be the
savage is like the chicks
probably don't want to be known as the
savages my personal favorite is the low
gang comment below what you think we
should call our family and its permanent
guys is permanent so it's a big deal
thank you for watching Bay I will see
you tomorrow don't forget to give the
video a big ol thumbs up I will see you
tomorrow I already said that once I take
it easy peace did I cover the screen the
hole I'll try again peace so how we
gonna take this picture there's traffic
a lot and this posts in the way there's
gonna be rough
