Oh mother God ah ah ah one of those
morning's no times and morning low gang
let's go cheese I'm just feeling a
little rot know I'm insane it's a
problem uh yeah Logan you are insane
screw you bro
he even is talking to yourself hey
that's not it what oh my god you're
right ah okay I don't know what's
happening but look at my eyes right now
this is where I got these sunglasses on
sucks is a weird thing anyways I'm gonna
go work out I got this tank on the other
guns yeah try to inject some energy into
my body so let's go oh yeah hi how are
ya we're in the gym cool transition huh
I'm feeling a little more awake now than
usual who do what the first thing we're
gonna do is hit the elliptical so let's
do that
okay cool now we can do the rest of the
workout got you I'm just kidding we're
back on the elliptical here we go for
real this is where we fight our digital
I'm slowly surely waking up so y'all
know me you guys know me I'm not in
mourning like like at all
oh no I'm blogging you wouldn't know
this luckily what did you say good blog
you German so it comes out a little
patchy the work on that or work on it
but sometimes in life you got to go up
you got to wake up and you got to push
yourself you're sup huh oh man yeah fake
vomit cuz it went so hard anyways uh
let's go back to the apartment
haha I got my Mexican I got my breakfast
I got my Mexican with my breakfast yo
what is what Wamba yo chill Wamba stop
stop wah-wah-wah-wah that's my breakfast
go
wah-wah-wah-wah come on man every time
and every time I invite that kid over he
steals my food this is a recurring
problem
oh you saw this yeah this is an egg this
is the breakfast table that I have to
eat now I don't have time to cook you
guys know that that meal that he took
was prepared by a personal chef that I
hired using on my vine money rest in
peace of mind I guess I'll just like
delicious
it's so good I don't take lightly to
people taking my food okay even if you
are one of my best friends I don't care
don't touch my boobs time for a little
payback no one messes with my breakfast
here we go Logan
it was delicious man what what did you
do what'd you do I can have to go he
broke the bowl I know I agree I don't
know why I let him stay here ohh my
goshh oh I know you're always right
if you moments later shower spitting
everywhere dope ready to go I have a
couple things I need to do today but my
buddy George is here today is about to
come I think so I'm gonna shoot a
flaming arrow at him as well hey what up
bro oh yeah I meant to shoot it at you
but you walk too fast bro I meant to
shoot at George hey you think you think
if I shoot a flaming arrow at you you
can catch it let's do it
no no no you're backing out yeah it
sounds like you're backing up come on ha
ha not to go fool katniss up in this
bitch boy what you got here we go ah
no way no what is wrong oh my god bro
one time yo he caught it
he caught it Wow nice Thanks oh right
there I catch it this time
okay what are you doing this is more
important go what are you doing
well marks I hear so the districts are
later oh do we not have any nope we have
a bowl look inside of it
dammit dammit bro I hate being an adult
my roommate mark left for New York I
gotta clean the house myself I don't
know about I'm gonna do that ever have a
friend his name is King batch he's about
to be here I was shooting with flaming
arrow okay was Pappy son what up wrong
just careful with that lighter generally
that later
yeah bro G thank you Oh Oh easy easy dog
is easy easier mama teach you guys how
to get rid of a guy with a gun watch
this two easy steps cheers circa Tiger
football
daddy brother Oh
I'm against it there's your scooter
there's your scooter that's still been
in my house that you left here I'll take
it
roll the batteries you charged it I
didn't I didn't got you wrong I just
both Oh easy easy easy
well easy okay you don't have the skills
required to do this also see this is
what I'm saying the error hasn't even
left the boat you have problem stop stop
aah all right you're not good just yeah
all right she called me by here's what's
happening right now about to shoot a
video for George's channel can we just
put this down please please please just
say just give it up say please please
already set it twice
give it up the videos for George's
channel who really cares what I what I
really want to know is why you look like
Bradley Cooper from war dogs look at me
look at me it's great stop I need a
still I'm gonna pop I paused it on that
frame and you guys were identical
identical bananas not a good influence
on my life she said do you want to play
dares I did you go first dare me to do
something I hear you I need a girl no oh
wait whoa whoa we made up that guy like
you
you have to hold eye contact for five
seconds okay okay okay yo yo chill he's
a private security literally it says it
on his face yeah so he likes a
compliment everyone likes a compliment
yeah I'll do it
you're so good-looking
five seconds I'm out that was the most
awkward thing in my life what have you
made me do what have you made me do
yo straight up houses you know any games
he gave me one of these he goes out of
the corner of his eye I just kept
looking that was horrible man I dare you
to give that girl your entire college
savings I know I know
got a good yes there's a pile full of
kettle chips over there go tell the
kettle chips at the top of your lungs
how much you you hate them
Go Go you said quail like analyse a
quail shit cuz I was thinking fast
enough so you thought of a quail you
know quail is a bird you know it's like
a pigeon right that guy was so worried
for me some guy came up to her it was
like yo was that you use that thank you
you go you got yeah dude I hate your
chips I hate your quail chips yeah I
dare you to just go in front of his car
this car and just sit on it and like
look look left and right like you're
waiting I'll do it there's two girls in
the car there definitely don't know what
the hell's going on look at her face
shit I can't
she she was my son okay through ten nine
no you did sorry about that I was in
that bad I should have got harder yeah I
should have like hot dog yeah damn no
first she was like she gave you a dirty
look at first let me styler that she
wanted to smash yeah yeah definitely
okay smash yo yo ass this guy he's
trying to smash basketball do it do it
no go hey um are you trying to smash hmm
yeah alright yeah like you're right okay
great
oh wait I'm not supposed to say no now
it's just weird sorry sorry sorry is it
yes yo that's their shooting right now
I'm gonna change into this medical
outfit problem is I'm in public I like
it semi naked probably can do right
there
you just tell me know when it's my time
to shine bro go right now
what was the camera I can't login when
the fire I'm done under they wouldn't
know this log like okay we finished
shooting that video right now I'm in the
road pretending to be a car also I'm the
best medic on the planet I know I may
not look it but uh yeah I stabilized I'm
the doctor
I'm a time level oh look there's a car
behind me hey I'm not a car I'm just a
guy in a hoverboard anyways let's go
back up to the apartment okay so we
finished shooting that video oh okay uh
here's the thing the video is going to
be good good to be good to be yo word
gun to be Webster's dictionary submitted
right now gun to be GU n ta be e and
first gigs another e nice yeah it's
going to be good but let's be honest if
it ain't a load and fall video do me I'm
just kidding I don't have to shoot some
delete sometimes all the time logging
your videos suck yo Merc you broke hey
try me yo
something's beeping we got a beat
brewing getting faster getting faster
spins freestyle with the hoverboard not
giving a damn hot damn with the
hoverboard I think it's dying not sure
hey and to be so hot bi maja and a
hoverboard hospitai oh snap son that was
dope bro let's get changed you know what
that was I just I'm not gonna do a cool
transition boom changed okay so I went
downstairs to change my clothes
obviously and I'm like yo where's
maverick and this dude is scheming so
hard right now I walked in and I'm like
where's maverick he's nowhere to be
found I know where and I even looked
under his cage where he's tearing up the
carpet by the way that's what it's like
to have a bird and I'm like yo where is
he he's gone did he fly away the door
was open when I came in nope look at
this guy I'm scanning along the bottom
of this and I come across and look look
at this bird right now look at this bird
right now maverick what are you doing
under here how do you even fit under
here never get out are you why you I got
a pencil you're doing homework Erik
woody are you laying eggs you can't lay
eggs Europe are big big Morello I've
never seen this in my life ever ever
he's like a fairly typical bird look how
big this is you guys know how big
maverick is like how does he fit under
this this dude is straight from holes
the movie hole look he's been digging
away he's been digging away for the past
eight months and he just oh my god what
is he doing row why I don't know why I'm
so many questions
where's he going oh yo he hate you he
hates you that means you're gonna attack
you maverick come kill George come kill
George mavar know what dude I bet he's
stuck I bet he doesn't know how to get
back out come killjoy oh my God look it
look it oh this is crazy
look at what stop yo keep keep your head
down there keep her head down there look
I bet you he's stopped you gotta save a
pet I'm gonna lift up ready yep Oh God
doesn't get up you're not Marik can I
ever come up on that what is this Punk
doing look look look come on come on
yeah shine get all I could he just
doesn't want to Merritt get all bomb a
bomb buddy go honey come on come on come
on man
no I don't think he could right now one
two three get up get up
young Knapp go no no no Graham yeah
there you go
good birdie oh that's all you hate you
know what - boom whoa he goes I was
scared of what you are you're I'm not
listening to anything you're saying
right now my opinion of you has changed
I don't know who you think you are okay
you're not from the movie holes you're
not you're not digging digging with
shovels okay maverick you've been saying
that for the past year and I'm just not
believing it okay I'm not having it
no for the fifth time no and I don't
want to see this again ever Graham it's
night time let's check it out
nighttime so a couple hours have passed
and went to a meeting gave birth to a
baby sloth these are all things that
happen and I believe the next thing on
the agenda is something I've really
don't want to do boy I don't want to do
it at all man
Alex Mesabi invited me over he's my
neighbor to shoot a video for his
YouTube channel with King back she uh ah
is gonna start even just saying it sucks
he wants us to eat this gummy pepper
apparently the gummy pepper is made with
like actual pepper starting with
jalapeno then habanero and then the
hottest pepper in the world the ghost
pepper my kids are eating really cool
cool it's sick I'm not good with hot
stuff I'm not except myself can you just
like can you chill with the puns please
let there so punny literally like alone
in my house talking to myself god damn
so while I cannot record the video
itself because it's Alex's video
obviously you're gonna see the aftermath
and I felt like I had to explain this
because my face is gonna be red and I'm
just gonna be in so much pain well I'm
gonna get Alex back pray bro
fire flaming arrow yeah you okay really
why yeah come to my place they're coming
tomorrow ready that's why what you gonna
do you look at a fire no oh did you get
my boy my boy George with the can you
grab my bag it is bad it just needs you
to walk over here shit that's what you
get for making me do this video grow my
refund are you excited
I am I said I talked oh my god I'm gonna
say mouth on fire that's what we're
eating yeah looks like death jalapeno
habanero because though it's like we do
a bet and then whoever lose no I'll eat
it like everyone who's this bro it's
only 20 minutes of pain and that's it
we're done
oh is this that the death arena right
here and those are the three peppers
great okay so this is where I died don't
know
I scream because that's why I don't any
dairy you don't know I'm down to die
though dogs after the blog I hate your
wiesen fun that was horrible no no no I
had two of the the right you guys know
you guys I'll take it to the next level
it's sure I'll give it to one of my
friends for Christmas no I like to you
know take things up a notch so I ate two
of the red part the hottest part knee
and it just silly we go in your shirt
you asked me why bro it's because you
filmed the video ah I make sense now
everyone here is the enemy cuz are you
betcha
yeah I look bad what about whatever
stairs go back
alrighty low gang that is it for today's
vlog yo thank you guys for watching a
couple quick things before I sign huh
bro here mara oh no keep watching cuz
I'm do something really dumping about I
don't know anywhere from 30 to 40
seconds - by the time you were watching
this vlog Logan Paul vs. my new show new
episode came out Logan Paul vs. Navy
SEALs the link is in the description
here is the trailer for that what's up
guys - here's military dreams in the
world feel crazy it has nice
yeah so go watch that it's crazy local
man and third and finally you guys know
I like to end with a bang so uh I'm
gonna do that quite literally got this
draft you had to rap so cool when I
Santa maja longneck takes about 30 to 40
seconds for all the food looked it up
this effect they look better when
they're on fire I think so yeah let's do
that
flaming arrow three damn boom put it up
yeah that way up in flames pretty quick
okay back to the outro I love you guys
also dude we are getting hella thumbs up
have a thumbs up so keep uh hit that
button I don't know why I like I like
when you guys hit the button it's a
weird thing about I don't know maybe
work on I'm seeing it they're pissed
okay see ya just kidding that's an
improper sign-off here's a proper one I
love you guys I will see you tomorrow if
you aren't subscribed join the low gang
take it easy guys peace
