ah this is a lazy girl but let's go
oh good morning low gang it is a good
Sunday the vibes are good my boy
opposites ah good morning what do you
think what you got I bought in the
market okay that's a little weird
it's got a button everything I'm gonna
set this down for them for the vlog why
mom for the vlog one place
set it down Oh papa come on bro you know
where you going
Papa wampa got it no wah wah wah wah is
a joke it's a joke it's a joke let's
come on intro intro here's what's
happenin - yeah I mean - okay that's my
wampie okay good talk so here's what's
happening today I've been hoping this
day out for a long time I got the goods
bro I got the good today oh my goodness
potassium permanganate using this
potassium using this purple solution we
are gonna do one of the most epic
science experiments that I've ever seen
in my life
well first I gotta wake up a little bit
so I'm Oh spin in a circle with a bunch
of different things
good morning hello doing a science
experiment today you jealous yeah so I
thought Oh with Josh yeah that's what I
thought
ha yeah knows I'm a vlogger brah he does
you okay
I was choking on my meal what meal
meatloaf you're honest like me though
yeah I got me low bro you like that you
must leave man you like that yeah that's
what you get when you got vine money
rest in peace vine can hire a personal
chef to cook meals for you you wouldn't
know this personal chef life don't you
high brass I wish I had better what else
do you wish you had that I wasn't say hi
yo I got some good news boys science
experiment today yes science science
science bro yes science has a much on
this Kurt and I overlook the beautiful
city of Hollywood I can't help but
wonder do my parents really love me but
also is this science experiment gonna
work like I'm in stasis I ain't no Bill
Nye the Science Guy
I'm just woke and if that's not good
enough I don't know what is shut up baby
Oh anyway we got um run through psychic
evocative cuz of my mouth there's a few
more items I need before we can start
and also we're gonna shoot some videos
some viral internet videos bang bang
bang beautiful ratchet-ass streets of
Hollywood Boulevard nothing makes me
happier except when I was younger and my
mom would give me back scratches dude
those are lit okay let's get some stuff
for this experiment in the store here's
what I'm looking for a chemical called
hydrogen peroxide commonly known to
clean cuts like when you were younger
and you'd accidentally cut yourself your
mom would put hydrogen peroxide on your
cut and
hey guys high five high five
hey okay cool talk to you later why
people so awkward around me here we go
baby here we go thank hydrogen peroxide
Brian hydrogen peroxide don't mind if I
do haha are they looking at me I can't
tell oh yeah they are great I got the
good let's go back home and see what pop
it up yeah we have all the materials to
do our science experiment which I'm
frigging hype for but first like I said
we gotta shoot some viral videos every
time we shoot a video he goes yo mark
let's shoot a viral video today how do
you know they're all fire he's like I
don't shoot videos that is only shoot
barrel it is all I make as heat is cool
I not what do you know about that he
probably know about the heat brother saw
like shoot though if I could just
blowing it out damn it I guess I could
just save videos thought about easier
right why do I say right
we're shooting videos that are gonna go
viral are you sure about that this is
the setup right now we got one man on a
counter we got one man throwing keys we
got one man shooting that's a werewolf
right there I'm trying to Stevens
throwing me these keys and I'm trying to
catch them behind my back without
looking yet another one of these videos
it takes forever
oh let's speed things up
look watch day I ran into the judge can
bow though we're walking around the
building shooting let me tell you this
is what the vlog levy gives life this is
the vlog life alright I think you know
the thing about all this noise and
vlogging blah blah blah
they wouldn't know this vlog life they
wouldn't undo you would know that you
wouldn't know this vlog like more yo how
do I get this hat this next shot we are
dropping my phone yeah like actually
dropping we don't have like a well I
guess I could use one of these pillows
but I'm not that smart I hope it doesn't
break if it does break I'm really hoping
it doesn't break like I just imagine if
it does break that noise is gonna be
nine times more annoying I think we're
good yeah yeah okay peace it is time yep
it is that time let's go there's also
something really exciting about this
whole experiment and that is two cameras
hmm how are you
back back back that was weird anyways
it's time for the experiment who's in
the door who did come back hey Ward boy
oh boy I got through cameras you can't
escape your scene from every angle
there's my boy where's he going way too
soon
here you go so Hager is the origin of
this experiment I was browsing through
my Facebook and I saw this it was a DIY
do-it-yourself experiment so I thought
hey I could do this myself it says a
record way worse hey there you are
thanks buddy George where did George go
with it's called elephant toothpaste
this experiment because it looks like
toothpaste but a lot of it like so forth
like for an elephant okay I didn't
create this experiment however I am
going to do the best version of it today
ah let me once again reiterate I have no
idea if this is gonna work I have no
idea and I know what you're thinking
freehand right Logan no two cameras nope
second one's right there hey are you
doing okay bye
but without further ado let's do this I
do what okay sighs Iowa that yeah so uh
here are the materials come on stop
kicking stuff on login' bro we have
liquid dish soap and of like regular
soap but for dishes we have our hydrogen
peroxide finally we got the key
ingredient potassium permanganate Oh fun
we guys kind of a big deal I was out
majoring in ready for this industrial
and systems engineering before I decided
to pursue entertainment so yeah like I'm
a little bit of a geek also uh loitering
holding the camera and I know you guys
like I wanna when I do this joke who is
holding the camera well ah gotcha it's
me ha I'm always holding the camera wait
what hey he's right hot thanks for that
Logan your good guy so here's how this
is going to work first we're gonna take
some water otherwise known as the h2o
yep science then we're gonna take up a
bit of potassium permanganate and pour
it into the water finally we're gonna
put some dish soap into that solution
and mix it up a little bit why I put it
in a wine glass probably not the best
idea hopefully someone doesn't drink it
you mean wine don't you yeah I do not
drink that how what are you talking to
us what I guess I don't know this is it
baby and also uh I got a little surprise
for you two cameras hey how are you oh
wait a second three cameras bang bang
bang bang bang bang okay so now we're
gonna put the hydrogen peroxide in this
glass no character mark problem is I was
not like given proportions literally I
saw a video and like just assume like
this is the perfect amount I don't know
a little more
okay now perfect okay so yeah dude this
isn't work I wanna be ya all right boys
let's put on our safety sunglasses shall
we just kidding yeah thank you take the
backseat to entertainment oh okay now
I'm going to pour the solution into this
cup thing that I just carved the top off
of oh here I'm a straight out come wait
is this too bad for you
probably I just watch this could
actually use this glass okay anymore
sorry Marsh so this is it guys this is
it like oh my god I hope this works
it's gonna be so cool here we go three
yo okay some happen not not what I
wanted to it looks like a soda it looks
like a soda but some happens under the
raw if the proportion wrong its
proportion okay we're gonna go around -
damn it damn it oh you don't know Logan
I did I take three take three Oh take
four I'm starting to get upset because
it's not working well I would not give
up until I get this to work here we go
damnit hey whoa watch a science
experiment not working it although it's
not working at all it's supposed to
happen uh it's a book to shoot up bro I
don't know yeah let's try I hear it okay
- what what am I doing wrong it just
makes no fuckin sense it's just bullshit
crazy science experiment gone wrong
literally gone wrong cuz I could bust ya
so I'm sitting here coffee bro this
isn't working and I told you guys I
there's many reasons why it could not
work but I think what it is that my
hydrogen peroxide is not concentrated
enough meaning it's only 3% hydrogen
peroxide where I believe it should be
anywhere between thirty and a hundred
percent not much gel concentrate 3%
hydrogen peroxide Sanders does anybody
like the grocery store great great
30% great I'm gonna be evaporating the
water out of the hydrogen peroxide
oh you gotta evaporate the water out of
okay all right so but after about four
hours Oh what Wow my boy I don't have
word the vlog is going live tomorrow
yes oh I was so high for this experiment
bro like Larry wampa for one week I was
like what we good sorry hi guys so
here's the deal all my friends have left
me George's on the couch talking on the
phone like I this they don't care as
much as I do I don't know why I care so
much I just want this to work so let's
try again
here goes nothing
boom boom Shakalaka thumbs happenin bro
thumbs happening okay besides me making
a giant mess okay so what we're getting
close
wine glass root beer float no no okay
now I'm no genius I'm not but I am the
next best thing a church from Ohio yeah
a Josh from Ohio what I didn't notice
that when I went to the bigger glass the
reaction worked a little better so I'm
gonna even go bigger boom Shakalaka
check this out baby that's a trashcan
baby that's a trash can fill up that
trash can all the way through the brim
with the solution hopefully it explodes
and then I don't look like an idiot for
this whole vlog I feel like it's okay
because this whole day just like a
fingers crossed every day oh that's my
boy crossed his fingers man oh oh God
sorry can you work on my water yeah I
got you George what's up okay
oh this is bad this is such a bad idea
okay this is leaking from the bottom
like a lot so we kinda have to go fast
and you're probably wondering why did
you get so much potassium permanganate
this is the reason I wanted to do this
the whole time so I'm about to throw it
all let's go float is leaking yeah I
know let me really trick this yeah we
get a lot of here buddy
potassium permanganate going in Oh Oh No
getting every oh this is bad yo yo
coming here I'm good no no they did not
work at all Oh God Oh God I learned a
couple things today one that did not
work at all
- I second science let's clean this up
okay
so operate yeah not only cuz I failed
but because I was misled man anyways you
know you can't win them all guys and if
there's anything that I wanted to do and
establish with these blogs that I want
you guys to be with me for my successes
but also equally my failures alone you
have to understand that in life the
important thing is trying not having a
success that's a fact my boy I have for
you these glasses shall let me put them
on it's done for 10 seconds your right
is your server I don't know what I was
thinking about it's okay we all get down
sometimes now let's get back
you stop
okay but one pay thanks for that buddy
wampas like my little Mexican angel that
stands on my shoulder and it helps me in
times of need and plus he gives me tacos
huh thank you guys for watching I'm
gonna end the vlog there be a
disappointment mainly but I love you
guys looking for life
y'all are savages I will see you
tomorrow don't forget to subscribe
normally the stuff we do works literally
that was the first failed like actual
fail that we've had on the channel but
get one of all guys but like one page
said you just gotta try I love you guys
thank your desi hit that like button for
me if you want to please
we're the three best friends that anyone
could have we're really really really
really really good he wanted pizza
that's a fact
