yeah I'm just checking you guys out you
all are looking good down there I'm
gonna take my shirt off if that's cool
with you
good morning low getting so hot today I
have some bad news
whoa whoa yo what is happening right now
while I'm doing in here let me remind
you guys it's 8:30 a.m. right now Wow
homeboys going and shooting music videos
on a parking garage this is this is just
beautiful yeah Hollywood never ceases to
amaze me
hi bad news bad news some more bad news
and some good news one I stayed up a
little later than I should have last
night got three hours of sleep my Tweety
so Flo didn't why you do - you see -
today is the last day of foursome man my
show for some it's the very last day for
me so it's gonna be kind of sad on set
three yesterday I tried flipping this
five gallon jug doing the the water
bottle flip challenge I had to do it 74
times and my forearm is killing me and
then finally some good news uh - camera
I'm just joshing yeah what I was gonna
say was tomorrow's vlog is gonna be lit
because don't forget yeah baby look at
this doing a little science experiment
tomorrow with this potassium
permanganate where I might destroy my
house okay enough chitchat and it's time
to get the day started so let's go say
what's up - maverick good morning
maverick are you doing buddy what's up
well Bob what what'd you say yeah it is
my last day yeah I'm a little bit sad
I'm gonna go shower
yo so I walked outside I'm like why is
it dead why is there no one on the
street and it looks like they actually
blocked it off for what I do not know
but let's see if we can find out ain't
nothing like walking to get my
Gainesville in the middle of the street
dude I love this I love walking in the
middle of the street it's kind of my
thing maybe a run of some sort look
there's Cohen's ever oh snap I'm not
gonna
my car to get the set I'm gonna always
go over there oh oh it's here it's ready
to go let's go
Gaines on Gainsborough games on games
looks still walking in the middle of the
street this is Hollywood Boulevard right
now what is happening go and look it
goes like really far down the road to
deal question my man what is this for oh
it is a marathon it's a run you throw
dough okay I join look like you're ready
man I'm ready to go bro got my sweats
look at me sweat I'm in shape I got my
game whoa let's go okay I'm going I'm
going wrong yeah
oh boy this is getting tired oh man I've
been jogging for why hearing over here
holy what what oh my god no you're
kidding me right on man why the first
thing in the morning you know what now
gross the joke's on you your fly is down
ha ha
losing back to the good old pod let's do
this hey he wasn't kidding me another
pool oh ma I left a note - where's the
second morning Logan yep another polo
not our choice FYI oh it's my last day
I've been here for five minutes and I
got scared by that creepy doll thing and
I got a polo oh boy I guess it's time to
get changed but there's a little smudge
on the screen so miss pregnant are you
kidding me ah I hate these polos man how
much flavor could I give it don't answer
that
let's go get some makeup yeah your comb
go on and get makeup game what did you
say
please do not touch hmm I won't do it
you in becoming food no one thought I
heard the cops thought I heard sirens I
don't know okay Oh gather yourself Logan
you can do this makeup mmm makeup on the
face that's cool physical thing right
guys guys were makeup right favorite
part of the day y'all have bad news guys
say is my last day
literally no reaction by everybody
so if I said it's everyone's last day
everyone's last day on set everyone's
we're all done ah thought is just mine
no that's everyone in the makeup room
and have no reaction bro like it got
really I said it's my last day
yeah no it's everyone's last day what
you guys didn't say anything that's why
you didn't say anything again I thought
you just being bitchy Oh Logan didn't do
his research oh that's research in
Spanish okay peeps we got a long day
ahead of us that's why call was a little
later than usual we are shooting into
the night tonight so when I walk on set
I won't even know his lid
no ma'am I like Logan
um her yacht am I in the way okay sorry
guys
is this your alien I know I kicked it
earlier but I feel like me and the alien
could have really hit it off
what's up girl how you livin over here
what's she doing later
man we go hang out your place or mine
but I don't get a space suit last day
yeah you're responsible
oh my god yo why yeah but it's so small
today to look at myself back she knows
they're telling her to give me more
polos like it's not your fault I'm just
saying like I'm straight busting out of
my soul they think polos make me look
douche damn it yeah no let go up let it
fly up like that feel like so they're
putting this headband on because that I
cut my hair and apparently this makes it
look like shorter or this makes it look
like kind of high the fact that it's
you're a little baby oh what it looks
like right well there's that we're
running through the scenes today and
it's a bit like slow I feel like
everyone's have a little bit lazy
lethargic maybe because it's the last
day but you guys know me like come on I
like to spice things up a bit that said
I'm gonna go ahead and scare some people
let's go
pause the scare is really quick Megan
made cupcakes why is she running away
why she doesn't want you to father I'm
gonna blog around I just stick my
careful oh wait wait oh wait it's up pal
you're so tight I could have a man hand
I just please vlog about the cupcakes
please let the cupcakes please no why
can't I just let me flip them what the
mm you guys are weirdos man oh my god
Megan make cupcakes look at these
cupcakes you said there was a cupcake
that says boo smash smash you're trying
to smash
we got him so good so I saw Jen dancing
earlier and I said yo this girl dance is
so white and just not cool we should
make a video a stoplight people 2016
video so that's what we're about to do
we're gonna do it we're gonna do it so
enjoy oh you thought I say you're good
dancer no no you're pretty bad yes see
that this is exactly what I'm talking
about okay all right
not slide stop it get some help
yeah we do up your audience clap clap
clap thanks guys
yeah so we should probably never do that
again probably not even gonna post it
pessimist doesn't end up on the Internet
I have to decide is uh definitely go
definitely one time to smash with these
cupcakes which one should I chew this
one says savage and that's cool or I
could smash Oh mm-hmm
confirm rehearsals are delicious
all right back in the pod we have a
couple different outfits that we are
wearing today this is the next one that
I'm putting on this see this is my kind
of outfit man straight muscles bro
straight months so I'm gonna go ahead
and get rid of this polo
yeah yeah bro yeah bro you see this is
so much better the only problem is it's
a freaking dress damn it yo he's got a
smaller version of this it's not a dress
to be dope if you do is this XL I'm a
straight L for a low gang and loser for
mainly low getting worse I got it yo
you're my hero I'm carrying this is but
you I think you dope I feel the same way
about you thank you yeah bro ah
lunchtime a second favorite part of the
day the first being breakfast and the
third being dinner I'm waiting in line
here and I just started experimenting
with this headband and it makes a nice
little turtleneck here so I think I'm
just gonna rock it dude am i pulling it
off
heck yeah well we got today oh my good
at Caen what is his lobster lobster does
gourmet and some steak oh my goodness
look at this bro look at this
deliciousness bro what about to do to
this food might be illegal but you
already know I'm about to smash mash are
you guys laughing at me you guys
laughing in my vlog thanks guys came
across a little paint station here so
you guys already know what I'm gonna do
here we go here we go here we go we're
gonna have to blur it when I when I
finish it but because you guys know it
is but but right now we're fine okay and
blur it sorry guys but you know what it
is we are now moving to the second
location of the day where I'm gonna get
to wear this sexy blue suit once again
yeah what's up lady and we're gonna
finish out the day and the word on the
street is we're gonna be on set to like
1:00 a.m. so hahaha doh now you guys
know me yeah I'm not gonna bore you with
all the the changing and the travel so I
just say shake the camera we'll get
there in a cool way
Oh what we good okay Gucci Gucci we are
here at the second location it is a
motel like we're actually at a motel
people are staying here I'm so sorry if
you're staying here I'm sorry we have to
shoot this today check this out this is
the most ratchet much I'll ever see my
life Twitter like it just smells like
sex and ding oh my god this is so
ratchet
just focus
I'm not vlogging I was running the
rehearsal right now and this place tears
there's a lot of the halls here next in
the way how the bed is sitting on piles
of Lola Cratchit laughter maximum and
holes in the wall blood on the wall oh
my god that frame is just pieces of wood
that's and then I just uh from this
shampoo no I'm gonna take an acid bath I
get home later this is home okay here's
what's happening right it's so
unnecessary
okay I'm gonna go around okay so let me
tell you let me tell you the dirty I
know I read the yelp review something
someone died someone died or got killed
or something right no no no one's
running the room how do you know cuz
dead people died in there oh the
infamous 239 someone died in this very
room was killed in cold blood
what do you see it can we used bloody
sheets honestly I believe you that's
horrible
what if a hand just comes up
Oh oh god that's terrifying what's the
Yelp review a completely utterly
disgusting in shady Motel my brother was
killed in room 213
what this place needs to be shut down
this terrifying front desk clerk said he
was drugged Oh
so how does the autopsy come on so it's
not an ass kind of look like a body
still there Oh time out fish Oh 20
minutes lay down all right are you no
he's not he's never graduated
backgrounds on my blog yoky No
get out of here bro I'm the vlogger here
bro you wouldn't know this vlog one you
wouldn't know hashtag log if someone
pointed this out someone is like litters
watching us through the window
I feel so just like invaded right now
we're shooting in this room right now
and this is a resident at the motel tell
me this isn't the creepiest thing you've
ever seen in your life yeah I'm just
checking you guys out you all are
looking good down there I'm gonna take
my shirt off if that's cool with you
just looking at my shoes got the new
Nikes looking good looking real good I
think I might be falling asleep no I'm
good I'm awake still don't worry about
me I'm fine just a cowboy watch this
shoot a show okay this is Jen's reaction
to the cowboy top top top right here
right here
nice is man shirtless I have no idea why
is this cowboy just shirtless watching
dude this Motel is no joke previous
Motel ever oh my god is still there oh
my god yo he's good
what is this guy doing bro yo this is
the creepiest thing of my life I shop
whenever I think this motel is like kind
of normal actually I never mind it's
just it's just stuff okay
is the last scene it's 12:30 in the
morning right now that means we've been
on a set for like
fifteen hours we were about to finish
finish strong baby here we go we got
this yeah this is the martini shot
dilash ready
hey Jack walking can you give me a
second I'm vlogging you wouldn't know
this vlog live Thanks
are you boring hey Jen well I got her on
the scene no spoilers my last shot a few
moments later that's a picture wrap on
her heart guy on camera guy hey it's a
wrap on the one and only Logan Paula
wanted for watching I love you on behalf
of the entire ad team I want to say
thanks for completing this super art
injustice oh thank you yeah you're all
really proud of what you see yeah we
love you Bennett Oh
it's been a real long life and gotta be
introduced have long back yeah that blog
life is real bro okay so that's it
goodbye creepy ass pervert STD Layton
motel I'm gonna miss you those weird
noise I'm back home guys and the time is
1:30 a.m. right now that's what's up boy
that's that grind boys what's next for
Logan Paul's this foursome ended so I
actually booked another movie I will
tell you guys more details soon but it's
big it's my biggest project yet to
tomorrow's vlog well the vlog that will
be released Monday the day after this is
going to be lit I'm doing a dope science
experiment y'all are gonna love it and
three dude one of the one of the best
surprises in the world and once again
come home I'm back again
mama brothers move here why you keep
leaving and come on back you giving my
audience a weird idea but legs like
elections of memory thank you guys for
watching do not forget to subscribe you
also by the way I noticed this guy's yo
these vlogs are getting like 20,000
likes per vlog that's dope if you guys
are hitting the like button hearts love
that's awesome I'll see you guys
tomorrow I might have already said that
I'm little delirious right now take it
easy
dear
