the prophecy is true good morning guys
are back in Hollywood it's good to be
back and all I got it saying Wow what is
that in my head it's a crazy thing I got
going on with this hair anyways let's go
see what Hollywood is up to what's up
Hollywood yeah it's good to be back you
guys uh you guys know I've been
traveling I was in New York and then I
went to Connecticut
but I'm here I'm here finally here
better news I'm locked down here in LA
for a while I finally I'm not gonna be
traveling I get to stay in my home
I get to do cool and fun things like
this every single day yeah but yeah you
get the point who oh my god I feel great
I got sleep last night guys for the
first time in next infinity years I
finally got sleepy yeah hi oh oh I meant
to ask you guys um do we have a name you
know how like Roman has Roman soldiers
should we have a name is it cheating
cool I haven't have a pretty good name
idea but I wanna I want to know what you
guys think like if we should have like a
family squad name you know let's go see
what Mavericks do it matter
nice good morning hi buddy
oh hello did you miss me what not even a
little bit
what not at all Oh behind it he's stuck
on my thing go maverick you three good
Birds that's extending the kids off to
college every time going to get
breakfast going to get breakfast going
to get breakfast and I don't have a
shirt hey there's a little nipple on
that nipple on the flips nobody bill you
guys know me you already know you
already know what I got for breakfast
jeongae gains of life bro everyone does
gates alive
all right here we go
yeah hey how are you I'm not gonna lie I
just I put the camera here and then I
went over there and just came back for
the vlog I keep trying to get swole bro
are you a little full there you go all
right go
no matter your race your size your color
everyone loves games both me in the face
with your tail there huh Carlo Cassie
for you party where you going you
enjoying that cashew maverick look at
this little parrot making a mess all
right now you're a mess bro you got your
life together meant and again I'm
talking to a parrot ah you made such a
mess you switched my phone vlog real
quick cuz this is really funny
shot maverick he can his game because
I'm have is really funny
he's watching himself on my Instagram
yeah Matt we think your movie star what
I'm telling you he's a star look I
wouldn't have pictures of him if he
wasn't a star I wouldn't have paintings
of him if he wasn't a star look at this
guy dude
so given my job I get to do some pretty
weird things so today we are building a
wait to go wait out of razors I'm weird
God what do you want from me
whoo okay
here we go here we go here we go let's
do this oh oh yeah oh my gosh dude what
am i an arts and crafts teacher this is
just phenomenal yeah yeah I'm doing it
bro
everyone knows you put a glue gun in my
hands you're only gonna have perfection
everyone knows that fact of life gravity
pulls down the wind blows Logan is an
expert of glue guns facts weights that
all of God I got a reason here's some
crazy so I left my apartment not knowing
where I was gonna get food my life is so
excited it's a mystery it's a mystery
decisions decisions once again a
decision collisions I'm gonna eat that
dog thanks bro so after I'm done
devouring this delicious sub I'm going
to actually a I'm a cast screening of my
movie the sinning with the you know if
you probably good I guess it's the cast
yeah the movie comes out by the time
this vlog is other be tomorrow the
thinning oh if you don't have you to
read get now cuz this movie's gonna blow
your mind I've really done anything
today
besides you this oven build whatever the
hell I made here like I haven't really
done much and guess what it feels great
damn just the first day in a while where
I can just relax and look at this
beautiful la sunset eat a sub admire my
painting of my bird I'm happy bro I'm
happy oh my god I love you Los Angeles
Jesus mother
take use your Hut one hut two Hut bring
that ass Oh screaming in progress listen
hey hey
oh snap there's all different types of
popcorn I don't even know like oh my
butter malt in your mouth truffle
shuffle Caprice dark sell what does that
even mean whose idea was it yeah Kim
yeah it's amazing shuffle shuffle that's
incredible didn't that one kid from the
Goonies do the truffle shuffle
that was from right play the clip oh I'm
gonna steal all the popcorn this is my
friend shaving him all the way from
China where tell her Shanghai China I
met him when I went to China and he
brought me a gift was this Chen this is
the maid wow this is the biggest one
I've ever seen that's what she said yeah
shed is bringing me the best gift what
do you what do you call this sugar you
got sugar uh oh he goes yo open it so
what does this look like to you looks
like a box of condoms right there candy
condom gummy candy condom Shan you
Savage oh god what is it what do you
have what is this what is it's like I
just do this is a popsicle but straight
sugar
chenna why you give me this look at this
you guys don't you see what this is we
might even have to blur this I don't
know just candy Dix and can't be condoms
will make a funny video with this candy
dick yeah thanks Jen I want you to malt
in my mouth see here malt in my mouth
here we go oh my god this is amazing it
malted in my mouth was amazing bro what
what hey come here get in my vlog my
boys here what were you to do today bro
honestly the popcorn I would argue
roving just over hey unless my guy
I am back at it again with that boy I'm
so happy don't even don't even get my
vlog bro I called George Mark when I
walked no joke I knew I knew you did
that I knew you did that but I didn't
say that I didn't wanna hurt George just
really I'm gonna stay smart and he's
gonna gain know me ya know they do look
alike George Jenkins no they do not
here's a picture of both of them they
look identical
wait way to go way to go painless this
is cool this is really cool I could do I
could do a dog check it out hey what's
up bro what's poppin homie the Buster
that what is that ah chill chill oh my
gosh yo that's amazing
Oh mother hi because we're brothers Jake
Paul everybody look at you funny did you
just bring your book
I got no is screening of my movie book
for you long did you start yeah
what did you write I said to my brother
Logan I could come up with here we go
oh what a stellar cast you sexy young
kids just so you know you're all gonna
grow old one day and all you're all
gonna be super old and ugly wrinkly so
enjoy it you young uns
Kailas 42 you don't look a day over 12
that was great dude like seriously the
movie is so awesome I'm excited for that
my first film is actually good and it's
not funny Logan it's like I said it's
serious badass Logan what do you think
of that bro I think what he goes why did
you make a spaceship it's never supposed
to be a wait this is what this is what
how it is always paperweight I got a
thing that Oh like I've done though oh
hey turn off real quick so I could ask
you a cookie it's off um are you stupid
yeah I guess I am
efficiently sweating right now the local
time is 11:30 p.m. and if you know me
you know that what is that oh yes the
grind don't stop
ever here's the thing about working out
like yo it's hard I don't push yourself
gotta get in the gym as hard as my
seventh-grade football coach used to say
nothing to it but to do it okay ladies
and gentlemen csavage session is over
you know how I know cuz I'm sufficiently
ugly right now is good stuff anyways
before I sign off for the day there's
one quick thing I want to show you guys
1234 a.m. that's right baby 1 2 3 4
first day off in a while and boy did
that feel good huh reminder guys the
thinning comes out tomorrow so be ready
for it also on the squad name the family
name think of stuff that you guys would
think would be a good name for our
family on that note thank you for
watching I will see you tomorrow and if
you're not subscribed don't forget to do
that Logan Paul signing off baby baby
baby ok so here it goes I took uh I took
uh I stepped away from my family so I
could come and just talk um about what
I'm feeling right now
