sup guys good morning today is gonna be
a good day I know that for a fact and
what better way to get the day started
than a fabulous leg kick wait for it oh
gosh I'm freaking weird I'm currently in
Connecticut yesterday I was in New York
if you watch yesterday's vlog you would
know that I went to comic-con I met
Stanley it got really awkward we
premiered a little sneak peek of our
movie the thinning point is it was a
good day a really good day so if you
have not seen yesterday's vlog go watch
it so why am I in Connecticut yeah okay
so let me just start by saying this
first with these vlogs guys I I don't
think it's my job to always make you
laugh or smile like yes I love that but
I want to entertain you guys I want to
live life with you guys I want you guys
to be able to live life through me and
vice versa so I'm gonna be real with you
100% of the time and that means
sometimes it might be sad sometimes you
might feel things which I think are okay
as an actor like I'm feeling emotions
it's a good thing recently my great aunt
Sheila passed away and we were all
pretty close with her she was a great
she was like the lady and the family
everyone loved her she brought everyone
together just a wonderful wonderful
human being and I personally did not get
to spend as much time with her as I
would have liked cuz she was on my mom's
side of the family I'm in Hollywood
doing my thing
but when I did visit her over the summer
and over vacations we went to New
Hampshire at her lake house
it was amazing man like this this woman
has touched and changed and made so many
people happy and so we are actually here
to celebrate her life and have a
memorial in honor of her rest in peace
and Sheila I love you
I'm happy and I'm fortunate that I was
able to drive here to Connecticut visit
my family something that I never ever
ever get to do that's why I know it's
gonna be a good day even though
technically it's it's a memorial for
aunt Sheila the
family is here everyone is together and
it makes me really happy happy that I
finally get to spend time with my family
which like I said never happens because
you guys know this I'm always a
traveling I'm rarely sleeping but we're
here everyone's here
we're live we're here we're doing my
favorite lady in the whole world is here
ma ma ma ma she can't hear me obviously
so we're gonna go to her awesome let me
just warn you there's a reason that I am
the way that I am and I think you're
about to find out when you meet my
family
what's up guys my sweet sweet mother God
my sweet sweet tiny mother
family United look at this shirt alright
I've never actually seen the color yet
it's amazing rule number one for the
gentleman always pop your collar
look at this song of the day with this
kind of pop yo you can mix the bottoms
in the family don't fly yo what up you
have a little bit of juvenille wear and
like Grammy was a Buxbaum and her dad
was what else am I
and Irish German comment down below if
you're gonna smash my gosh in this one
spent two years on a boat that's what is
here's like that yeah he doesn't know
how to comb it he was removed from
society when you used to make me laugh
all the time I know what happened can I
ship you out to Hollywood do you make me
walk again
yeah him I miss you oh can you burn me
like you did when I was a babe that's a
mom I'm gonna take a shower but not with
my mom
correct yeah no uh yeah no no she should
probably tell her I'm oh great thanks
mom Thanks Oh conditioner still taking
care of me you know look at this my
whole family is looking amazing but bro
this straight stud right now everyone's
looking sexy books um they don't have
something I must I must
bro Doug McGee stun McGee bro is what
you're wearing
you got actually both of us yeah we
actually do all I got is this shirt and
my ABS that's it oh yes you are you just
say that you're fine and you're not
really fun
I'm reading related to you how do I get
one of these outfits all I brought was a
super cool are you wearing that shirt
yeah sure dirty shirt
I can't wear this shirt I was joking at
first I might do it you're not digging
my sweats
can you explain to the people what's
happening here so I don't look like a
total asshole so my aunt Sheila passed
away my great aunt Sheila
Logan's great aunt and she was an icon
of the family so I said I said this I
said she was the glue she was yeah and
so together celebrating happily because
I feel you should be taking like it'll
be sad for some prank tears will be shed
I'm gonna cry yeah I'm not vlogging to
the funeral but we're celebrating her
life and yes this dog has no idea I'm
recording what are you doing dog she
doing what is this dog doing right now
bro
will you barking what are you barking
out you want to go scratch up against
brush to go scratch against all the
bro you come to fight
why are you ducking away you camera shot
you love the camera bro
why are you smiling at it oh damn dude
look how good
everyone in my family looks in the
newsfeed yeah with the pop collar son
what's good she can you like that ready
bro yeah yes Carla oh hello someone's
about Jesus Christ that's Jason Bourne I
am Jeff I can't wear my sweats the man
is trying to oppress me I will not be a
part of the system I will not be a part
of the system I was impressed by the man
they made me change you know what you
can't win them all by the time I take
life seriously for once you know
I love you mom
I love you too sweetheart I'm glad I got
to see you work too hard
yeah ain't no such things to do too much
work I know I think we taught you that
but you did hard work and dedication
baby and then you flew the coop and I
regretted every flew the coop
you flew the nest and then you turned
into a shot look at these guys with
their umbrellas there you're soaking it
up look at putting them down not even
respecting the rain everyone hears god
umbrellas bum me no joke I am NOT above
stealing every single person's umbrella
here this Justin local vlogger Logan
Paul arrested for stealing nine hundred
under a line brother umbrella
I'm brother
okay so here it goes I took uh I took uh
I stepped away from my family so I could
come and just talk about what I'm
feeling right now and now I feel about
death and life well I'm still like
feeling stuff
death death is imminent
you're gonna die I'm gonna die everyone
has good and I I'm sorry like I hate to
be the one to break it to you but death
is it's going to happen it's inescapable
and there's no point in in fearing death
or worrying about that there's no point
in thinking about it there's nothing you
can do you guys saw it my family is so
light-hearted and and although we did
get serious and we did mourn
what we today was was a celebration of
the amazing life that my aunt Sheila had
the the lives that she had touched and
like I said
dad is like it's a thing and it's
inescapable so maybe uh death could be
considered like a necessity if there was
no death we wouldn't wake up and
appreciate and live every day to the
fullest and that's what and Sheila did
that's what I do that's what all of you
should do then again Who am I to tell
you how to live your lives but living
life to the fullest is a good thing I
help my mom's hand and I realized that
there's there's no point in fearing that
the all you can do is live in the moment
the past is unchangeable the future you
have no idea what's going to happen but
today is now and now is the moment and
the moment is the moment is the moment
is the moment is the moment so just live
focus on you and focus on what you can
do and are doing right now
we mourn we celebrated now let's go have
fun with the family
mom all the way down there we think of
that what you think of it at all it was
beautiful right Wow bro your eyebrows
suck would you get those bro
caterpillars Jesus oh you just tripped
into me are you okay you just say yeah
exactly like that that kid who goes yeah
would you just say you you like polos
bro you know you watch my vlogs right
Jesus mother Jesus she's all cloudy just
hit me in the face boy you gotta catch
your body son the father catching ah yo
whose kid is that she doesn't even go
here new George Django is yeah you got
your Jake
but the woof your hat I don't care if we
just had a computer about to whoop your
ass boy in front of your dad I don't
care
Oh Oh
you think you can hear it better than me
I like the effort the end-product not so
bueno but you tried cookies with
strawberries side of this kid and
brownies how's the brownie bro good talk
bro bro downside of vlogging here is all
my cousins think it's cool to make fun
of me you know that's bigger on the big
cuz let's pick on that guy who makes
videos on the Internet
he doesn't have to be a thing
yo when you were younger I earned that I
did okay Wow you don't know me you know
what I got kid are we driving yah did my
uncle Ryan just give me the keys to an
audio eight whose idea was that in the
car well if you get in the car get in
the car now we're with y'all my boy are
you ready to whip so we're gonna whip so
hard I don't know whose car this is
I don't know how I got the keys why are
we here bro busted oh is this your car
no this is Dave's car he's very serious
about his car oh damn it we got so close
we're gonna whip so him ah bro this is
why this is why they punched me we found
another set of keys your mom said you
could come yet
oh okay your mom said you could come
yeah do you promise yeah I know what you
guys are up to okay your little tricks
aren't gonna work on me
we'll get in the car let's go give me a
I have to Hannah Montana tickets I got a
puppy can you help me watch the car Adam
can your kids come with me they're in
the car did they lie to me did they lie
to me bro dude
don't lie I'm on you bro where is your
mother
boys Mila you're lying he's gonna kill
me there is he doesn't look too happy
what's the word they were lying whoa you
guys were like all right let's whip whoa
hang on boy hang on boys whoa let me
drive which way which way when your mom
sees the video of me vlogging and
driving tell her to click off
look at us whipping these Connecticut
streets
about an hour till I go to LA and these
guys have a bunch of nerf guns so we're
gonna do like a epic slow-mo nerf gun
montage
that did not work at all trying to
control these kids is like trying to
herd cats
it's very day they're still shooting
their guns I cool good talk what's right
we try guys I try to be cool for one
second oh my god this is crazy
Logan Paul out hey Ken no what a crazy
day traveling from here to here to their
desert is their point is I'm here in
Hollywood the good news is I get to
sleep in tomorrow the better news is I'm
finally stationed here in LA I'm
stationary here for more than four days
at a time
needless to say I'm pretty freakin
stoked
start ded yo by the way I was thinking
should we have like a name for ourselves
like Roman Atwood does like the Roman
soldiers never had like these these cool
name suits up it should we do waters it
is cheese because I have an idea for an
and I'd be like a Nicole might be gotta
go anyways just like calm comments
coming down below you think was just
like develop like a cool like family
name I will see you guys tomorrow gives
a video as big old thumbs up video a big
thumbs up and don't forget to subscribe
who is that who is that who is that tell
them to subscribe that's right see you
guys tomorrow boots now video means it
move video means the moves right moving
frame so you want me to move yeah check
it out you turn a dancer an outstanding
I'm with the man the myth the legend
Stan Lee
