no video means it move a video means the
moves right moving frames so you want me
to move yeah check it out you trying to
dance when I'll stand there morning guys
the local time is 5:30 a.m. I just
touched down in New York good news I
managed to sleep the entire flight bad
news is that it's 5:30 a.m. and I am
still exhausted here for comic-con with
Peyton lists promote our movie the
sinning should be uh how do I say oh
yeah lit morning New York I missed you I
was here like last week yeah put my boy
but I'm a boy yeah bro walkabout let my
G I love all of you someone left their
stuff back here from last night bro
whose stuff is this I have a Darth of
black socks so I I'll just go ahead and
that's cool gotta prepare a sauce dude
this is a good VapoRub Darth means an
inadequate supply and you see that you
watch Logan pile vlogs you're learning
tell your parents that makes me smart
thank you for the socks Oh
so I'll here in these streets and you go
back to sleep man go to good chucking in
checked in but uh real quick we're gonna
get a quick bumpy oh yeah parole I'd
like to get so over it now I am about to
get swole absolutely not no I will catch
you guys in t-minus man on what five
hours please Oh a few moments later it's
Teddy I was woken up by a call from the
people from legendary now legendary made
our movie the sinning the movie that I'm
here to promote with Peyton lists at
comic-con they're like yo we got the
interview the interview at 10:00 a 10:15
in the lobby where are you I'm like yo
its chill bro I'm I like my manager and
his assistant told me to me in the lobby
at 2:00 p.m. to go to Comic Con it's
fine it's 10:00 a.m. we're not an
interview where you talk about no local
we do have an interview okay so someone
messed up I'm went down the line not
letting me know we had to interview at
10:00 a.m. with Peyton
okay people make mistakes I'll go down
there right now do the interview even
though I was woken up early from my
slumber but the other thing that's going
Dom my nose is bleeding wrong I was
pulled out of bed I am bringing my
blanket so tired hey hi hey oh you wanna
cry and someone gave you yeah and some
vlogging I'm sorry every slog in my life
away
I'm always bothering ya we're savages
right now I'm uh I'm on floor 1 wait you
are yeah that's so late I know I'm lame
yeah hi guys uh looks like I already got
the Daystar they don't think I'm gonna
go back to sleep might as well just
start kicking brow just start kicking
brow now mind you we are going to
comic-con and I don't have a costume
just supported my outfit is kind of
bland but regardless we still gonna rock
Kippur yeah look at this nice black
shirt oh and you know what check it out
socks from the uber ha guess who's
running all the way to the bank me else
got a chocolate chip cookie for the road
yeah it's my first meal of the day judge
me I don't care all right ladies I'm
just logging my life away
good talk oh Jesus mother you scared me
young lady thank you bye Comic Con is
already starting looking good little
spider-man looking good
nearly everyone were walking by as a
crazy outfit that and this guy's yeah I
was just sitting here just have the
Peyton's publicist is so tiny look how
tiny she is oh and she's wearing you
know no no no you're fine we wanted to
talk about you I feel bad I should stop
stop perfect this you take it personally
I don't know whoa small dogs bite can I
see your publicist from this angle so
tiny and non-existent Lizzy what are you
guy what if I wrote the subway what if
he's not even going to comic-con
ah this city hates me let's do this huh
I Mariah
what's up hey hot damn son oh okay yeah
we're gonna the gates I gotta get to the
elevator to go okay I'm not gonna stick
it together
everyone's dressed up as such cool
things well I was wondering why I felt
so out of place and it's because I'm
literally the only dude in this tiny
little Oh God
Comic Con looking Savage
I didn't know this about me but I'm a
geek I love love videogames are really
busy now in no time but this place might
be my home I feel like I could get
addicted to coming here so easily I
gotta be careful with the city
how's your signature your signature is
great what's yours
it sucks it's finally mine does it's
talking about what was that bad I'm like
a liar I got lucky with that one I got
lucky please oh you'd regret October 12
maybe this is Michael Gallagher he
directed the director great director
great hair this guy killed alia Slade
he's savvy I am he explained Oh using
all my lingo I'm honored I love you I
love you Pikachu costume some amateur
named Nick kumkum is late bro
is your hand coming yet okay no I feel
good yo
Alexander sleep bro how you about to cut
to the front of the line
you guys know Alexander first lock
burning man shut up shut up my boy made
a shirt that says vlog you would have
know this is a second do my boy dropped
off a shirt my boy Alexander I think
you're pregnant huh okay now you get
pregnant though boycotting pregnancies
bugging you wouldn't know you wouldn't
know that I always say that but alex is
the one who invented that saying in the
very first vlog I'm vlogging bro
wouldn't know this my boy why you
wearing this year we got another
shortcut you're right here hold the
camera you work out I think it works out
do you work out
you wouldn't know did log lie for know
the best part about this but your skin
handle I'm kissing everybody everybody
Oh such a blue room
what's up guys I'm just blogging my life
way I'm Blu bata T Dada da how the dita
oh no I'm a savage I dodged it happen
you get any on you of it I mean like
nothing I can't handle
and I'm kinda nervous no I hate a
freaking table hello
let me alone there I was Casey that
she's a professional she's better than I
am not only do they have nerf guns they
got nerf guns keep them away from Peyton
please can we not let this happen
so we played a trivia game and Peyton
won so they gave her nerf guns yes
that's just great guys that's just
phenomenal revenge is a dish best of
cord sure to get shoot it oh you're a
team man please ah shoot it tiny little
publicist Go Go I dare you I dare you
you're a tiny publicist go shoot it I
dare you have one bullet no I don't
think so tiny little puppets oh why is
this a thing this is no longer nerve
this turns into Friday the 13th okay bro
bro you okay
okay
well it's fun semen bye bro shoot him in
the head
oh that's my boy looking at me funny huh
what's wrong are you embarrassed you
ashamed of me huh
sick bro sick bro thanks for the support
bro to everybody that thinks this man's
vlog is worth watching
I have some disturbing heartbreaking
news for you that man over there that
you know is Logan Paul if that is your
real name though he was just a normal
kid right that vlogs I thought he was
just a nice civil I
moral ethical human being the shirt that
I just got him I just put my gum there
why not spit on the shirt we discussing
is an indian dude dude those are the
Pokemon ball contacts who are you gonna
put these on Alex is unable to wear
contacts I wore contacts for five years
so I'm gonna do the Pokemon contacts
it's the move bro you're creeping the
people however my vlog climb oh my god
with the dude that's so powered I'm a
bogey master bro my name is Logan ball
and a Pokemon Charizard my favorite
what is this what is this for Power
Rangers that you can hardly see cuz they
blend in with the floor while I can't
Daisy
look at this girl giant hammer happy
birthday
looking for outfits we often go with
this what is this a chameleon shut up
shut up bro what do you have this right
now he's a cosplayer dude you put a cape
on this chameleon by your G Thank You
Man
we made one lap we have to go back to
our panel now but I'm glad I was able to
experience the comic-con looking good
boys yeah
funny character obviously is pretty
intense passionate guy it's cool side of
me that I wanted to appropriate but when
you work in Marvel listen up this
character called quasar i am i dint
achill to this guy see you at work at
Marvel prick ready boilbee red homicide
no step away from my going to bar music
so we're trying to make a - targets for
me oh yeah
I got the director in the sky opponent
so hard video means it move the video
means it moves right moving frame so you
want me to move yeah check it out you
turn a dancer an outstanding I'm with
the man the myth the legend Stan Lee
yeah I'm pretty good
no I see you in all all the movies
making cameos everybody know the reason
people go to the movies you see the
cameo see you the movie is extra to see
you Brooke Wow okay did it work taller
Mu Shu back iron where's your white a
you shells yeah crazies Fang touch your
knuckles for bonding but knuckles for
bonding are co-star nothing not never
see for Bonnie I put it'll be tough not
bonding final break in here what'd he
say don't break his hand up before you
want to do this most awkward moment was
Stanley ever I feel being a movie big
haha oh who was it lit it was what
they're playing it was lit it was flamed
it was savage it was all the above young
millennial words I can't I touched my
knuckles singing my bonding oh hi guys I
love you boo thank you uh alright so I
met the Marvel god Stanley and it's
funny cuz I actually I you saw I
literally just mentioned I was like yo
where's someone from Marvel here cuz I
want to play this character named quasar
if that comes together and I play quasar
in a Marvel movie oh that was a fun day
at Comic Con I got my bags and you guys
know this I'm a pretty busy guy right
now I'm actually headed to Connecticut
my family's having a little reunion in
Connecticut and I'm only an hour away
and I was like yo let's go I'm gonna see
my mom tonight which like doesn't happen
a lot cuz she lives in Ohio and I live
in Los Angeles what is happening tonight
so let's go get some food in the head
true Connecticut what a fun day at Comic
Con man every time I come to New York I
love it and I'm always so sad when after
these
huh what's this guy doing bro you follow
me on Facebook my G touch my knuckle bro
if that is not the best send-off to
Connecticut I don't know what is
two hours later I made it I'm in
Connecticut with my mother my sweet
sweet mother my family say what's up
everybody
needless to say tomorrow's vlog is gonna
be right thank you guys for watching was
a fun day at Comic Con give the video a
big thumbs up and subscribe I will see
you tomorrow booth say goodbye mama
ah say like I said wait stop bro you got
beef bro huh we can settle this right
now uh that pollo looks dumb on you bro
that's Han freaking pretty boy yeah
