good morning guys it is 6:21 a.m. and
don't you think Logan you're normally
upstairs when you start the vlog that is
correct however my roommate Marc is not
here shut like any good roommate does I
slept March bed tonight
yeah sorry Marc let's get the day
started Ruth oh yeah something well
goodbye okay
talk about to be on my way to set as
usual looking over the beautiful
Hollywood Boulevard how you livin sing
do you hear for once in my life I am on
time bright and early I'll bet Adam get
a get it I'm not a morning person at all
like under any circumstances you know
I'm not doing the morning I gotta wake
up today I'm doing a shirtless scenes
nothing huge just a scene in the locker
room with the bro now this affects meal
but because I like to people why don't
you share this out I do it cuz when I be
sure the scenes you know want to look
good one look sexy for them girls that
like so I'm gonna find out if that's the
first scene of the day of the last scene
of the day cuz if it's the first thing
of the day I won't eat breakfast man
keep the stomach nice and slim you guys
know when it's so early like I things
I'm saying I don't even know if they
make sense so I do know one thing
ah peace man boy
ah that seems first and they would like
to invite you right into the bedroom
start I was in the bedroom dubs I could
eat a little bit yeah I don't like not
eating breakfast I need it like cuz this
right here needs to be doing oh my gosh
look at the heat mark burger so bored
good morning good morning good morning
this is a fake wall oh yeah I guess
you're right your spray Cologne on I
already did that this morning
oh good morning bro and I do a breakfast
burrito don't make anything Jesus like
eating cheese yeah well I already know
that you don't got tummy time for my
favorite part of the day hair makeup
boom do you see this cosine think about
it yeah the woman I'll never been to a
Turkish prison no have you once I was
indicted for third-degree savagery my
jugs I'm sorry I'm so tired they ask you
how you are you say that you're fine
you're not really quiet we just can't
get it uh I swear to God if I have
another poll Oh son of a Nazi Janet why
why the polos man I got 100 they ask you
how you read the writers of the show you
know I love you guys right I love you
too joke oh now brown cow out now brown
cow week you're you know you need unique
New York
the helping a nice look like an 88 shot
of the day it's about to get lit here
you got beef bro you got beef bro huh we
can settle this right now doc that pollo
looks dumb on you bro that's him
freaking pretty boy yeah the ice cream
cone
yeah I'm sorry you're acting browser
active radical thinking acting before I
get herded like cattle into the next
locker room scene I am uploading
yesterday's vlog that's how we do a Sun
that blog like rude by the way I'm going
to New York tomorrow yeah New York Comic
Con have you heard if you're going come
see what's on that come say there's
nothing on lucky dad did painless and I
are doing a little meet-and-greet and
panel for our movie the thinning we're
also showing the first 20 minutes of it
whoa Cassie you love it yeah
come say what's up all right finally the
locker room scene meaning I can change
new enough but I'm a bit more
comfortable with
oh it's steamy in here boys I ain't
afraid of some naked men goddamn action
acting right now wardrobe has been
another cool off him and outfit is tight
little powder I'm wearing the tightest
shirt in the world right now but I'm
feeling it I'm feeling myself right
machine wow this is rough you guys
weren't joking around and he said oh my
you know what I'm starting to think I
like the polo better no just kidding
stat yeah so we finished a seat it was
great I look like the frickin Joker
right now I can't wait to show you my
toys wanna know how I got these scars
I'm like one of those creepy ass clowns
there's by Laura I'm scaring people and
it doesn't help that I'm in a little
girl's bedroom right now not like
actually I'm on set but okay I'm gonna
stop talking I want to be in my vlog yet
bro oh okay bye Benny they asked you how
you are you how on God's green earth
you're gonna get this off me that's it
yeah easy yeah it's a miracle I did it
I'm super thirsty I'm surprised man good
John be cocky or anything but dance
oh god you poser set and you can get
into your remote
oh I'm changing it oh yeah this is it
bro the last scene I gotta go after this
dude oh yeah go out New York New York
Comic
what are you doing Ali nothing really
did look like nothing
acting Hogan's rap I'm wrapped wrapped
like a quesarito from Chipotle with the
extra cheese in the mayonnaise I'm not a
rapper my boy are you trying to get
swole you can get swole with me or you
can lay in your bed be in a Syrian all
day ha ha ha good at my house soon start
to get ready get mentally prepared
because we going in alright right so
here's the sitch I'm a little tired give
me a sec I'm a little tired
um I have a little bit of a headache and
I don't really feel like working out but
today is what I like to call a man maker
so on days where you don't really feel
like working out you force yourself to
do it anyways and it makes you a man it
makes you better when you push yourself
to do things you don't want them getting
inspirational in today's vlogs
Hut tell him friends to workout let's go
get swore we are here bro well here Bri
out here right here toss yeah well like
that's kind of my thing in my blog this
is your thing so just take it easy all
right
uh-huh buddy let's go give it to you
okay for you to get it on your own and
still deliver to you today is the day
where we get rid of our chicken legs
there oh no George get rid of the
chicken legs
Barbie's chicken how many cats are there
with me Wow damn George it's my fault
bro
oh I got these the UH the nut crunches
I'll show you why go huh
you really gotta feel it in your core ah
I actually gotta get the tip of the ha
ha just the tip work work work work
Samia me work work work work work when
you see me do me they're there they're
dead they're there is something better
why where where where were we
in the cafe murders as our Dardis join
me a dessert
and work work work work work work is to
me a V work work work work work work see
me to me there let me tell you folks
something one great finishes another
great starts Amanda Cerny everybody how
are you getting there so sweaty hug hey
we're twinning so hard right now pay
double vodka man this camera in my
camera boom look what just happened guys
you witnessed that you saw it I wasn't
feeling like working out I was tired
feeling lethargic and then I went and I
pushed myself and after the first 15
minutes and now that I'm done I feel
phenomenal just get over that first hump
get over the first hump and you end
feeling like a frickin boss man Shia
LaBeouf would say John that's a good
amount of motivation for today do it
open time to time when maverick sees me
taking a shower he decides to take a
shower - not a shower he just he wants
to take a bath and I know he wants to do
right now so let's go give him some
water check us out
not a boy alright maverick I'm leaving
buddy what leave it yeah I know it's
only two days I'll be back Monday okay
you big good work I love you buddy
bye this is one of my favorite things
about living in Hollywood man this I'm
looking at the most beautiful sunset
right now look at this look at this sky
this is beautiful
all right guys so as you know I am going
to New York which means unfortunately
this vlog is going to end a little early
but that means tomorrow's vlog is going
to be full of epicness it's gonna be
friggin awesome bro again sorry for
screaming just in general I'm I'm a loud
person Mars vlogs gonna be sick I'm not
gonna like comic-con Oh painless Oh
Danny Hogan that the loudness I'm sorry
anyways I'm going to enjoy this
Gainesville if you liked the video give
it a big old thumbs up and don't forget
to subscribe if you are not subscribed
already I will see you guys tomorrow let
me set this down so I can do the cool
thing okay anyways I love you take the
new suit
