look at naked guy we're snapping good
morning everybody the local time is 10
a.m. that is right I got sleep last
night
I got like seven hours I am stoked right
now also a funny little thing happy here
Mavericks walking downstairs I give me a
sec buddy I'm coming funny little thing
happened last night I made a taco check
it out was that cool I just left my bean
bag and I never made a taco or a giant
butt crack I'm not sure which one
coolest thing I've done today so far
let's go get the day started
oh ah hi morning - yeah mashed up here -
keep interrupting me okay cool
oh excuse April you got some guts barks
Wow hi after I shower do I look like
that guy from him alone after he gets
electrocuted like any normal 21 year old
boy done I went to the fridge this
morning she was popping what do I see
yeah what is this mark what are you
doing problem dude what what is this
brown banana syrup half blueberry bag
mix thing mark what is what could this
possibly be what are you doing with this
concoction what kind of bananas you eat
bro okay you know everyone has different
opinions and stuff everyone is entitled
to their own opinion and their own rusty
ass rotten bananas my opinion for
breakfast is gain yeah you're full of
energy man I do it my energy is hot
right now I can feel it I'm vibing body
language energy that's what you get
really that's what I got it that's
amazing bro it's all about good eh eat
my games ball and drive to this podcast
that I'm doing i'm uploading yesterday's
vlog let me tell you about the grind
don't fall damn it yeah hey you okay
camera no you'd be taking those heart
Falls you're a tough one good boy
you show up and stop yeah yeah rolling
in here I have to I have to guys is
painless everybody
painless looking beautiful as always
it's my second time in your vlog I know
you paid no I don't know how to tell you
this but you're gonna be famous
wait this vlog will make you look at big
times everyone hate on the hoverboard
man 2016 it is the future I've been one
in a while yeah
gossamer and I was wasted that is great
okay yeah it was like I tried the next
plane sober hopefully work yeah fun so
fast my camera nearly snapped in two
ah let's kill the freckle every time I
go into makeup they remove my nodes
freckle I actually have a line of
freckles like this one down the center
of my body is one under my bellybutton
is one uh on the underside of my penis
belly
ha ha ha H day no 8 awgh ok going inside
the studio Payton you know how I know
that says it right there wow this amazed
hold on hold up yo I'm a big boy what
that red one right there you go that
little red one over there am I gonna fit
in these this is so small these are all
so small I don't know how I'm gonna bend
it you both fit in those great by the
way Alexis what's up you're on the vlog
I'm struggling girls are already bonding
I'm already like out of the loop in my
little chair this is gonna be a rough
well he's a dopes that though is so max
I guess we'll see in a bit
we just podcast it so hard come here get
really hard we win podcasting so hard
toll I'm are small my router tiny not
all five to six but to baby what's up
you ready hit me hard read the fish but
boy it's rocky bro no thank you thank
you scope knuckle I your nips are a
little hard I felt that back my hand
goodbye painting list by Logan why first
podcast ever you killed it thank you it
was so cool you're gonna be my my
Hollywood little sister I think I just
decided you totally do it
so that's call you bro or do I say like
you got be like yo what's up brah Hayden
and I are gonna be in New York this
weekend doing promo for for the thinning
Comic Con baby I've never been a video
I've never been I've been oh we have to
is Comic Con if you guys are in New York
come to Comic Con this Saturday yeah we
are and I'm gonna post it everywhere I
want to pack the stage paper whoa and
you I'm from New York so oh my gosh
so you guys this see you come out baby
unfortunately hoverboards don't go
downstairs so that's what's happening
now but thank God it's only five stairs
once again I have a quick scene today
where I believe I'm getting inked in the
face again like splattered ink in the
face scooters is it's a quick scene so
I'm gonna get in I'm gonna get out go
home
whoo no I finally have like a night free
I feel like maybe I'm gonna lift maybe
I'll watch a movie there's so many
options ran a freaking out my guy my god
it's up my god what do you think of my
energy yeah
my piece on me I was pop was everyone to
it I'm roaming this rooting ah Wow
touch my knuckles to signify bonding you
too man
come on but I'll still also make an
explosion when we touch we'll be sick
they hate me on my hoverboard they hate
me in general but more when I'm on a
verbal tone back in my pot check out the
good old pod and uh it's one of the
first things I see another
polo why I hate polos why this is
character dressed like a frickin cha
look at all these flags
you know up here on the set of course
and we accept everyone from any race any
culture we will accept you right here
right in our hearts and our white polos
nobody likes you so I would argue but
you're so right yeah bro I'm off my
hoverboard and I got my schedule on you
happy I love it hey myself this is
terrifying this is so what the heck no
bueno
why would someone put this in here bro
why would some Buddhist in here let me
replay what I just happened I walk I
open the door I go I'm good bathroom I
still got a piece so this would be
interesting
oh snap where the makeup artist that's
not you not makeup artists problem no
I've been waiting I invented this new
thing today would you say that it's a
sound you go haha
well you're the most annoying sound in
the world huh you guys like it oh yeah
nice this is also the second time we've
got makeup today the second yeah what
else are you saving Michelle yeah you
ever came from a podcast oh wow
guess whatever I'm promoting my movie
that's winning coming out to YouTube Red
October 12 yeah but I'm not I'm not
advertising a promo and I'm just letting
you know cool cool good if you want to
watch it yeah YouTube red October 12 oh
yeah in this show we shoot on a stage
you know sometimes like yesterday we
went to an ice cream parlor we went to a
house normally we shoot on what is a
stage they built the school here and
guess what they built my room my
character's room the polos may suck up
the room is Savage well let's see what
we got here you guys are going on this
tour with me Oh socks hell yeah America
yes please I don't know where the red is
in red white and blue but you know it's
look it's cool
got a hashtag you already know this
hashtag vlog dude we had a little duck
that's cool trophies
cuz all I do is win oh come on yeah okay
I'm done with that football and the back
is there but I am done with that dude
look at this gun video games you know it
one way and that way is up in my
personal favorite savage Sun yeah I vibe
with this room live heavy voices for
twice what what are you high man it's
like I know like as a human being what
are you this is one of the writers of
the show is she's just a leprechaun can
I ask why oh I'm sorry lost man and I'm
Highland in real life right in the show
sure oh so you wrote yourselves in so
you get screen time yeah idiot oh dude
this is the weirdest set of my life well
be real with you guys I love it you want
to
I really do oh snap he always a naked
guy on screen get out my way I want to
see naked guy or snap I respect a man
with good physique hell what who is
moving this guy does creepy guy why who
put him here in one nope can't do it
sorry Dan
so what is this a TV set come on that's
amazing acting bro are you in my sister
acting what's up my name's Logan Paul I
do boss
never mind I'm a bridge sorry so you
guys remember a couple of vlogs ago and
I when I touch some props that said to
us specifically do not touch these props
props no judge I swear to God if you
touch this bra what do you say to me
earlier oh I was gonna pay you back for
touching my props nice you should have
listened to the song
how do you feel I feel like I just got
inked in the face bro Wow
am i I'm a hot inky mess let go get
change and then get swole with my boy
George chinko we out here we out here
I'm vlogging we out here they are warm
up we just 15 minutes on the elliptical
not too hard on the joints which is why
I like it yeah yeah I'm an old man got
these pretty enjoin games get a boy
hold this thing oh that oh that's oh wow
that's nothing bro I call this the
rotator cuff
wow that's impressive that's my boy
right here doesn't my boy he is swole
all right ladies and gentlemen that's a
wrap on today it is a Christmas miracle
that they did not get kicked out of the
Jimmy it's a Christmas miracle
not even October it's a Halloween
miracle what do you want what do you
want from me bro and you don't even have
your months right will you get my flower
how could you get your life together all
right you want to know this vlog life
hashtag vlog do that is it for today's
vlog thank you guys for watching as per
usual give the video a big thumbs up and
don't forget to subscribe I will see you
tomorrow yeah
