good morning low gang so here is the
gist about what is happening in the life
of Loeb 1 it is 6 a.m. 4 hours of sleep
and I got a 16-hour day ahead of me
- Halloween is coming up I have no idea
what I'm gonna be sorry I looked at my
calendar and next week is sort of kind
of free meaning I can do epic stuff
specifically for the vlog it's gonna get
crazy I don't know what that noise
anyways let's go see what my bird
maverick is doing probably nothing since
it's 6:00 in the morning he's gonna rap
me like that how are you not really I
don't feel like talking about politics I
don't know just it's too early for that
all right I'm on the show ok I am shower
clean sort of and I'm hungry and I gotta
get to set when we just do that in one
fell swoop oh whoa
crazy transition look at all this food
now that's a sunrise y'all I've seen
plenty of sunrises but this one got me
like well it's crazy montage
I love you got my sustenance and they're
sending me right off to the makeup chair
oh whoa
this is a cool little thing oh look at
that it's interesting because it looks
like the Silver Surfer is talking to
mother Mary about risk change in crow
yeah art good morning everybody
yay circles are great that's my face so
shiny oh cool it's like I just been
thrown like a cake of oil at my face
which I'm cool with the mail I gotta say
there's something so exhilarating about
getting makeup on my face hello darkness
my old friend I've come to talk with you
again because a vision softly I'm just
joshing yeah I don't like it at all the
worst part is I just might just have to
watch my breakfast just sit there my
delicious breakfast hello darkness my
friend
done with that hubbub now it's time to
change back into my sexy suit I know you
know it's what I'm talking about oh yeah
baby yeah they told me though they're
gonna give me the jacket for the suit on
set because I was a too messy of a human
being that's just an opinion right and
the only opinion that matters is my own
we don't give love me right Logan yes
I'm so freakin weird too sometimes I
worry about my future fiance sees these
videos like day before the wedding she
goes like
back at it again with this set
look at this gym stuff all Prommy and
high school dance EOI come one hand and
clap have you know have seen it have you
seen this yo shut the front door
that's my boy bro that's my boy bro why
do you have this cause it's the best
shirt average yo that's my boy that's my
boy we're in the same shirt that made my
morning man but we took a sexy snapchat
here's what that looks like
yo loyal subjects is just eyes about
that time to pass the ground actin so
that was rehearsal we practiced the
scene that we are about to film but we
got some time now so I'm gonna dance a
little bit
sorry we can't do that for too long
they'll flag me for copyright if I go
over like 8 secconds I'm just acting yo
just look back at that scene who is
who's shaking my camera during my
monologue some respect for the actor bro
please real tough but this crown though
oh yeah those two brand over here put
this crown on those two darks put that
crown though smash his name is Logan
Hall and my name is Logan Paul my name
is Amaya in reporting live from channel
12 Z what my sister okay
okay cool I'm overheating or something
and I don't know if it's because or if
it's a thousand degrees in here and this
suit is not helping it's much cooler out
here I'm chillin I'm 5 and how are you
doing I'm just vlogging my life away
look at you you're so basic right here
so even standing basically with you got
this what are this is an umbrella and
what come on what is that face you're
making basic bitch ah didn't eat what we
don't say that now we say charge you
basic Oh God someone's dubbing
somebody's don't stop I don't know
height oh my god yo that sizzle is like
just there's a Beethoven's 5th Symphony
just sizzling in my ear
okay so I'm go up down yes they made me
change they think I'm some sort of the
animal mammoth beaver thing that can't
eat with his mouth closed I find
offensive I do uh I don't care though
I'm still gonna go eat hey yo that was
convenient the things I'm about to do to
this plate of food might be illegal in
some countries so I'm just gonna not
show you this part replenished refueled
re-energized
let's go act a little bit so I walked
the set I'm ready to go as usual I'm a
professional you know but they weren't
ready for me so then I remembered I have
three surprises for you guys one there's
a very special someone at my house who
you guys have met before but the point
is he's back so we go see him then we
don't get who we're shooting on a beach
with a kangaroo a kangaroo wait look
wait like the kind would like the pouch
yeah
and the kind with the pouch like what
are you gonna do I'm gonna get in the
pouch what do you think I'm gonna do
yeah bro kangaroo on a beat what project
of mine could be wacky enough to have a
kangaroo on the beach you guess the
airplane mode it's airplane mode so sir
- tomorrow's vlog is gonna be late and
then third I did some digging about my
high school prom experience yesterday's
vlog was about like how prom was a
nightmare for me so I did some digging I
asked my mom's like yo what do you have
of me and prom we got the good boy boy
I'm just vlogging just vlogging my life
away hashtag oh god I'm going crazy I
found the video of me getting asked to
prom yeah and I know what you're
thinking Logan why would you get asked
to prom isn't that kind of like like a
masculine like don't the guys usually
ask the girls this particular video I
was a junior I was 17 I was asked to the
senior prom which does not make me a
mask you instead it makes me a buff
so yeah yeah I found the video uh so
i'ma play it for you guys so enjoy free
puberty
Logan getting asked to prom by a senior
a little forewarning it's pretty cringe
and then if the pain of that awkward
moment was not enough like the internet
star that I was bound to become I asked
her to do it again
hi Logan
why are you such a chach bro Jesus Logan
that might have been worse than the
first time no it wasn't good and you
know what I think a part of me knew that
because then I said Jesus Logan stop the
pain while you can how is that any
different from the second time
yeah thanks Captain Obvious I'd John I'm
sorry she was a nice girl I don't know
what I'm saying a porn is this one I was
a boss bro got asked to prom by a senior
that's whatever so that was just so
awkward and Proms awkward in high school
dances are rock so if my little anecdote
has taught you anything today kids the
lesson is this don't have children what
I don't know I'm going to set the camera
down and go back to set okay bye
okay so here's what's happening we're
shooting a little bit later than I would
like to today I got an early call time
with the kangaroo tomorrow but I'm
looking around here and they're handing
out Shirley temple's the drink early
temple dog bright grenadine in my
favorite part a cheerio you boys gotta
go get a Shirley Temple right now let's
go he's got a Shirley Temple he's got a
Shirley Temple he's got a Shirley Temple
early temple Shirley temple's that one's
taking pictures of her Shirley Temple
Andrews got a Shirley Temple bro why is
that that's that's a Shirley Temple face
right there I need one I need one no
it's okay I want I wanna fool like a
really temple where you at I don't see
it see any oh I see a coconut rose and
carrots and they're not even orange
carrots but I know they were here I can
see the little umbrellas as a bunch of
them Pizza Pizza time oh it's a time big
old pizza new biggest boxes I ever done
see it's a time this is amazing day
especially real yo I appreciate you
thank you little little umbrella and
everything Wow
and a cherry he just made my day maybe I
won't suck in the last scene am i right
haha
it's a p.m. I've been on set for 13
hours now I'm eating pizza and sipping a
Shirley Temple Saturday night here in
Los Angeles how Halloween weekend all my
friends are either in Vegas or party and
I'm here in this weight room in this
suit with a pizza and Shirley Temple in
my head haha guys this is what I love
like I love the stuff and plus like at
the end of the day dude grind like
that's all that matters crying cry gah
gah okay it is the last scene of the day
it's like 9 p.m. everyone instead is
exhausted right now but we got this we
got
and we got giant hot air balloons look
at this oh that's amazing
look at this thing bro look at this
giant zooming bro that looks like a
floating hotdog with lights in it
looking good back there bro okay last
scene see you guys in a bit google it
out ah that's a wrap that's a wrap
oh that's a wrap it is 9:39 that means I
left my house 15 hours ago meaning it
was a 14-hour day on set Wow these long
days on set sometimes they got me like
whoa but you can't complain I can't
complain this the life I chose and not
that no it is time to go home so let's
go
okay oh Jesus I dropped my camera Wow
okay it's good though you guys remember
how I said idea a friend here who's
waiting for me I think he's here No
yeah what what are you doing button eyes
to anyone here are you alone right now
bro wanna champion you guys know what
this guy is hey hey my boy my boy is
this is this yeah
Oh
Oh what is back that's right ladies and
gentlemen I'm leaving tomorrow
do things want you're leaving tomorrow
oh okay that sucks sucks David but
you're here right now yes on second off
what was that dude what like are you
alone I took a pill Adam tomorrow we're
or kangaroo on a beach yeah that's right
son
thank you wanna be they say that it's
for everyone I can
yeah I said that yes okay so yeah you've
said it why tomorrow
oh no yeah I know you know you're new
you are you can do my blog you go you
think it'd just kidding he would know
this vlog Lyle waffa waffa waffa don't
want the dumb
Robert goddamnit Daubert well the reason
I'm here only 24 hours because when we
film airplane mode you realize movie
Alaba
I guess it's my legal problems we could
not film certain things a visa is is a
problem it's a pain in the ass yes but
now you know it's a free country and now
that I'm a penguin here fact that's when
he disguises as a penguin you can bring
you everything you want money here I
can't really cook in an apartment that's
dope they even trust me like with big
stuff everyone trusts penguins they're
just trustworthy and worthy yeah yeah
just learn that kid oh yeah so
tomorrow's gonna be freaking dope dude
thank you guys for watching as usual fun
day as usual I will see you tomorrow
I love you lo gang
