this is so hot you're so hot what is the
world coming to the morning low gang it
is 5:45 a.m. is very early moving a bit
slow just need a little bit to wake up
one two come on that afterlife I got it
I got a 6:42 a.m. call time I got an
hour drive to get where I need to be I
wanted bro and boy do I want it today
uh-oh what's happening today I believe
we're dressing up and just like reliving
my senior prom
great great awesome dope
that's just it was it to my brother Matt
Oh God next yeah good morning to you too
buddy hey hey guess what the early bird
gets the worm what well some people some
people think I'm funny showered ready to
go off the set you guys know how it is
but I got to find a cool way to get
there let's see what I can do
oh that was easy okay let's get some
black fish I have this weird thing in my
life where if I don't eat breakfast in
the morning I actually die it's happened
twice now
now I tease time for the pointless
overdramatic montage of Logan getting
food
yeah yeah said today's in a school gym I
think we're reenacting what I believe is
proud my gosh is that a gym are you
trying to swallow right now oh yeah bro
let's get swole 7 a.m. I don't care I'll
be back here later
oh snap snap this looks prom I feel I
take it this is for the king and queen
are you better I have some company
sitting there this is actually a pretty
dope set look they got gears onstage
that's a cool American flags everywhere
don't get to relive my high school
nightmare today
hey Bennett want some breakfast what is
the director of this episode Bennett's
are you nervous bro good man I like the
company I believe we are about to do a
cast rehearsal in which case I am going
to swallow my breakfast hold it again
what kept it for locking put oh yeah
I'll do it
I'm getting real tired of your V logging
bit Logan so I gotta go get hair makeup
right now and it's raining it's raining
in California this doesn't happen
Luther uh I ran track in high school
ultra fast this is crazy brah I was
raining in California impossible that's
impossible
I made it no don't worry about me I'm
fine just like Ibanez with my pants with
raindrops kind of stylish I'll take it I
would like you to cover my acne
blemishes and make me fake and Hollywood
that possible hey his room is awkward I
should awkward in this room maybe it's
just flour on the wall feel like that
might be part of the problem here in
Sawle ways make me so uncomfortable
Marissa Marissa touch my finger with
your finger yeah I'm taking this chair
sorry okay so your boy is the first
scene of the day here studying my lines
but I also have to get dressed in my
wardrobe so let's do that oh snap
someone stop me from looking so sexy
baby this is good feeling like up up him
from 1985 and I just remembered duh it
is my dad's birthday like today right
now and guess who didn't get him a gift
me Timmy I'm the worst son ever dude I
like I suck at being a son please answer
dad I'll just I'll feel like an a-hole
if you don't please answer
I'm unavailable dammit I wish they like
gave you a course growing up like I like
a how to not be a son course I would've
taken it anyways I'm gonna go dance my
anus off on the dance floor last no okay
I'm actually uh yeah look I didn't leave
because my dad is it Debbi birthday dad
dad birthday dad it's me your son I like
you I'm gonna be honest with you dad I
didn't get you a gift
yeah but I never sarcasm actually
calling is just ah I mean hate that kid
I appreciate the update I got your dad
you're my dad I love you
have a good birthday bye bye see that I
am a good son I don't care what all
these people are saying I'm a good damn
son this looks so good so as if high
school dance is worth awkward enough as
it is imagine this all of these extras
here on set today do not know each other
so the whole day the whole entire
12-hour day they have to dance with
someone who they've never met in their
life in slow dance the whole day imagine
dancing with a stranger for 12 hours
someone who you never talk to a new life
before it and can't talk to because
we're shooting they're not able to
converse it'll it'll mess up the audio
awkward I'm not shooting later I'm gonna
do like a nice little like awkward
camera I'm just gonna
you mean really close to like really
awkward couples dancing and needless to
say it's gonna be awkward if you moments
later
okay they're setting up for the next
scene and remember earlier today I
looked this way vroom in the eyes and I
said I'm gonna be back here I'm gonna be
right back and guess what and now I'm
back so there's no wrong time to lift
man look at what I'm wearing you know I
don't care I hit the nen√© right now I
don't care man if you'll excuse me I'm
gonna get a quick pump okay I'm done
emphasis on quick pump good work Logan
nice nice so for those of you who do not
know this when you see people dancing in
movies most of the time they're not
actually dancing to music everyone today
here is literally like slow dancing with
no music with strangers they've never
met before in their life let's start the
awkward cam yeah
oh boy yeah yeah that was awkward
that was I probably more awkward for me
than it was for you watching it I'm
saying they're filming these kids dance
with no music and sometimes like we'd
make eye contact something come at it
and said Logan why you hanging out with
old bitches I'm so sorry you but I you
know I'm gonna say you're a bitch but
you know what it steal my job I've been
waiting for this scene all day man this
is my scene my time to shine
I'm getting up on stage and I'm giving
the people the business baby the
business yo real talk if you look close
enough do I but I like kind of blend in
with the sky like my head is a cloud
type thing and his name is Josh baby I
don't know we'll check it later in the
Edit the point is this man I'm bout to
kill this E with my bare hand I can't
believe this bro the Australian kid is
working out like he's actually working
out like I did as a joke earlier he said
he has a bit of time before he gets back
in the in the scene don't worry about
sweating bro huh dude these are Chileans
wrong guys get it get it Rasta 40 you're
not you're not listening as well ha for
real for real oh no that's not a real
list ha ha I'm gonna be able to lift but
I will say it's about to get lit as
everywhere there's all yet sighs always
getting kicked off my own set look at
how dope this prom dance floor is I
don't know about this crown though still
doesn't fit my head when oh come on now
guys what's up bitch me love me I don't
like it subscribe
yo loyal subjects ish is that time I'm
about to pass the crown
no it's okay it's okay I'm fine you guys
go at the cheer glasses here it's fine
stop make the jump make the jump anyways
I told you guys if you sent me videos
tweeting me videos at Logan Paul or
maybe YouTube video whatever and I found
out about it I throw them in the vlog lo
gang videos savage videos videos that I
like that reflect my personality and the
culture on this chant that said enjoy
this video of two kids recreating my dad
video in India she's sitting on trees
they're running through the streets
kissing their own buttholes
check it out
oh yeah classic classic it's funny with
those videos you can either look really
stupid or like cool and then I'm gonna
be honest those kids are like right on
the border Logan yeah how do you know
they're Indian bro you're just judging
mothers in Co nope did my research
so ha check yourself before you wreck
yourself
that is your low gang video of the day
fun so fast nearly snap my camera into
let's go act a little bit up did it
again I have no idea about to scare that
second time today what are you what are
you gonna do
whoa oh god oh god I needed
we got yelled at you guys got yelled at
for ruining your own show
rookie mistake tiny little girls walking
on my set like they created the show
tiny white like a green so be I have no
wonder gun back on set and die what I'm
looking at right now is just another
reason why high school dances should be
what is the world coming to
I don't know but I do know this huh
so we just wrapped set meeting is time
for load Doug's to go home see was
popping with the homies this was my boy
yeah is that him on the on the balcony
there's mother
George that we're we're done man hey
Georgia hey George a bunny boy okay well
the squad's all here almost it was a fun
day today my dad's birthday whoa happy
birthday great yeah yeah happy birthday
Greg almost Halloween by the way which I
don't know guys like ah I am so lazy but
what are you for Halloween
look at it that's what thank you like we
this nothing an American Gator
I suck at Halloween threw on the ones
you like you always do you dude you're
so alright you'll thank God for ones
yeah everyone makes such a big deal out
of it brothers like ah you guys are
gonna help me choose what I'm gonna be
for Halloween you might not like it but
- bad comment what I should be following
seriously I need some good opinions ah
keep this in mind I look like mr.
incredible Hercules and Owen Wilson
sometimes get woody harrelson the well
what would you say don't be so modest I
don't even know what that means but
thank you guys for watching don't forget
to subscribe to the vlog Channel join
the load gang was a Lana I will see you
guys tomorrow I love you
East
Oh
