oh yes good morning people it is 453
a.m. here in Hawaii and today we are
going on a sunrise hike so that is why
I'm up right now say good morning to the
people all men everyone's gonna hate me
if I do this all these people here in
Hawaii trying to enjoy their vacations
I'm not gonna do it good morning how I
don't wake myself up some help lark muck
it's so good to see you I'm tired bro
this morning I heard you scream off the
balcony no you did yeah so right now
we're waiting on our friends to come
pick us up and don't forget today we are
shooting with Kevin Hart that is the way
yo yeah yeah good old Kevin don't mean
the name job or anything with Kevin he
just comedies good morning boys
solidarity touch my knuckles to signify
bonding good morning they Noah right
nerdily we just got here and the word on
the street what was that
a rooster the first time in my life I've
heard a rooster actually like a cow
yo there's a rooster there's a rooster
roosting over here I can't believe this
is actually a thing I thought this is
only like cartoon yeah
the rooster roosts in the morning
all right I might drive anyways we're
here and the word on the street is that
it's a little windy I can tell because
my hair is blowing everywhere it's kind
of my determinate unfortunately if it's
windy down here when we get up there or
wherever we're going probably gonna be
insane but what what's the worth like a
happy right right little winds not gonna
kill it a victory but I put a headband
down oh I'm okay I'm okay I think
oh no broke my leg just kidding I'm not
gonna lie to you the wind level is max
how you feel wrong be careful sketch
level max as well are you gonna shoes on
you're a savage wrong we're almost there
regardless it's still so amazing
let's go
that was absolutely breathtaking what if
I told you it was 8:30 that's right
breakfast is down all right all right
there we go that means yes bestest
breakfast masters breakfast breakfast
breakfast the bevel bestest from the
gods themselves
I hold the breakfast burrito oh why
can't every morning we're getting like
this
it's 9:30 a.m. right now cheers to
burritos and beautiful views Hawaii just
in general give me a 1 to 10 rating of
that burrito eight point nine oh my gosh
standards are set let's see yeah good
comfort eight point nine we still have a
whole day that was goddamn delicious now
we are headed back to the hotel to take
a nap that's right kids it's nap time
gonna try to get some energy back for a
shoot with Kevin later today so I'll see
you guys in a little bit uh I'm not
gonna lie to you guys I slept for about
20 minutes cuz I was busy
uploading yesterday's vlog by the way we
have not seen you is by far the best
vlog I've ever put up seriously it is so
amazing Hawaii is amazing however this
one is going to be better so let's go
continue living the day yeah that cool
no currently being shuttled to location
with the hey are you doing back there
no yeah nice mark so excited to search
so the thing about mark is he's always
happy
finish my dinner fly Philly Philly like
a white guy let's go see one we're
shooting I'm a vlogger bro what do you
know about vlogging I want to know this
it's hard you would have known this vlog
life
hashtag log do I'm trying to figure out
what to wear like right now I'm kind of
wearing this like fancy ish outfit or do
I look like a super dumb white American
kid this is decision such a decision
collision I made the executive decision
to change into my dumb one boy American
outfit I'm just gonna come back from
child God it's getting pretty weird I'm
sorry from vlogging I'm vlogging you
wouldn't know this hashtag log dude haha
that's right looking dumb and white and
American as ever your America baby
USA ooh Sosa so why is hot I'm not gonna
lie I'm sweating so much my cheeks are
wet I got this my us a hat on it's
alright though as long as they Oh
Kevin Kevin all right
yeah yeah it's dead what's up ed this is
if I'm vlogging vlog Channel oh yeah I'm
out of mind I'll do it you wanna yeah
you know about us yes what do you call
you yet people are youtube.com slash
looking for vlogs nice hashtag log dude
nice step back a little bit for me cool
yeah but like go all the way over there
yeah yeah yeah what's going on man
Kevin Hart is the perfect time for me to
tell y'all about my movie what now if
these I totally get it all right um you
have a movie right cool it's chill we
get it yeah no I wasn't done
yeah when I'm done let me just kind of
said what now please just chill because
you're my vlog isn't a billboard for a
book okay
come on moving boys nice I'm sure it's
good quality you just call the Bulls nah
man that made us both blonde it's a
laser vlog with a V as the video feature
Martin
that's a stupid I know what I'm going
all all drunk man I'll link to hashtag
love you don't get weird this part of
the song drops yet quick don't forget
this is getting really weird really fast
dolphins bro yes please ready tell me
Kevin Hart Alton thanks Kevin fun hey
get the same shit I'm gonna do the same
split it's gonna be great cameras gonna
set up for his neck there you go
so he can't move it yeah so he can't
yeah he's set up and he said he's
unfortunately on a pillow
again again this guy doing photo shoots
you know it's my video Kevin we're gonna
have some problems bro Jesus
alright bro we slayed that if Los
Angeles didn't need me and I felt like I
didn't really care about entertainment
which is obviously my number one goal in
the entire universe
this would be my own little fun fact I
actually when I was looking at colleges
I went to college for one year dropped
out with a 4.0 so like dropped out but
still enjoyed school smart enough about
me the point is I didn't end up coming
obviously but something about Hawaii man
I got a connection look at that guy
that's me what's up bro how you doing
I'm a goofball oh alright my people as I
begin my walk through the beautiful
streets of Honolulu I want to say wow
that was such an amazing amazing day
when I started the vlog today I was like
dude it's gonna be so hard to be
yesterday's vlog yesterday's vlog was by
far the coolest thing I've ever made but
today's vlog today's vlog we did it we
did it
breathtaking sunrise hike made videos
with Kevin Hart who by the way guys
that's like it's all the fake it's
acting we don't have any beef together
we're cool and he is so humble down to
earth and in wise and intelligent so
good-looking and just off and then Kevin
Hart will you marry me I'm just kidding
it's a joke sorry I'm scaring people in
Hawaii I'm like a foot taller than
everybody it doesn't help what I'm
trying to say is we did it we did better
than yesterday better today than
yesterday my life motto so I'm gonna
walk around Honolulu Hannah all right so
I'm gonna walk around Honolulu explore a
little bit by myself thank you guys for
watching this vlog as usual you guys
make my day you make me so happy all
your comments make me so happy I read
them all and I comment to like three to
five of them every day keep being
awesome I will see you guys tomorrow
give the video a thumbs up subscribe
share with your friends if you liked it
I will see you tomorrow we visit to the
table
ah
yeah
