do this for the low gang I love you guys
high five good morning low guy just
landed in Boston and by Boston I mean
Maryland haha sorry I'm a little tired
it's at six am
okay I'm going on oh okay how okay don't
worry about me right yeah I'm functions
on vlog don't worry about me here ah ah
mark that you mark mark that you mark
mark mark mark where are you
mark it's more York I like that okay
let's go so we get on the plane and I
get this text from mark before we take
off now keep in mind mark is 6 foot 3
mark how was that flight first fun while
I'm sweating the entire time for those
so come back oh you probably lost some
water weight though really early I wake
myself up somehow hey guys me love you
make sure to LIKE and subscribe how do
we have to get a taxi to the hotel but
it's kind of boring don't really want to
film it so I'm gonna get there a little
quicker Hey look at that
okay so I made it to the hotel and don't
forget guys and yesterday's vlog I said
today is gonna be one of the coolest
things that I've done on this channel
yet and I don't mean to brag but I've
done some pretty cool things oh yeah so
I'm amped right now it's probably why I
have so much energy and is only like 7
a.m. it's still dark outside and we were
told we have a little bit of time till
we need to show up to set so I guess I'm
just gonna wait till it's light outside
boom ok that was easy
ok we are not we are rested and what
better way to get the day started than a
good old-fashioned wall backflip oh ok
guys it is that time we're we're going
to the location except I don't know how
to get there it takes a little bit I
gotta find like a cool transitions ocean
whoa that was easy cool transitions you
know how to start so we're on location
right now I am freaking apps right now
where's my guy oh my god what are you
doing
whoa I'm coming
parkour parkour parkour coming bro I'm
coming come my guy my guy craziness this
is the top of crazy this is insane this
is a whole new level there's nothing
small here it's all gigantic this is
gonna even if you're good at something
you have to be insane yeah yeah this guy
takes it to a whole nother level
Oh little out of breath tie up here it's
a whole nother altitude you know where
you're at right now
at legends house this is one of the most
legendary backyards of all time the
legend cosmos to say what's up to the
legend himself let's go so you're gonna
go so fast I'm gonna look through the
windows here I know he's I know he's
here somewhere but up Romans already in
there hey how do I get in this window
hello
he's over there the legend Roman already
he beat me - yo hey man can I climb
through this window I'm sure most people
walk in the front door not on me plug
now Mia boot yeah see ya hey if you need
me I'll be on the run to the store okay
okay Paul would no way oh my gosh yo you
live in a dreamland
yeah John so fast camera nearly broken -
you could do it are you down for six
months for this trip come on let's go oh
yeah your job what are you do
oh you can jump off go you got it bro oh
you're a motocross stunt legend hi so
I'm uh - Travis's China 11-time X Games
gold medalist I really don't know what I
do for living but I Drive stuff I
crashed up and we film stuff for its
ending it's insane dude when I was just
a wee lad oh I watched you do i whoa i
believe was the first double backflip on
a dirt bike in competition right Amin
knuckle-touch Roman can you jump rum
where'd you go already
lip necklace and say oh do we miss you
miss but it's cool I think it was more
you got scared yeah Logan Photoshop we
do it the only thing you have to do for
me now yeah let's get my phone that's at
the bottom of this
I'll do it brother this place is a
playground I want to jump on let's go I
don't think you're doing it right Logan
it's like a bull
maybe just forget about the hand on top
of that
Oh what so fast there is time I Cameron
Jim what is this bro I just dropped my
phone it's okay I'll never let go Jack
yo this is insane right now look at all
these love sack man this can't be real
life am i dreamin about to sign a waiver
why am i signing a waiver bro dot okay
it's okay my life is yours this is me
signing my life away I hope I don't die
don't try this at home kids careful man
oh my gosh I'm Way too high to sign a
piece of paper I'm shutting my energy
level is here cuz I know this day is
about to get L point-o call T pastrana
about to hit a double on a mini dirt
bike what what whoa whoa was just a
travis pastrana Poseidon I don't know
Travis Poseidon emerging from a sea of
love said Marc just informed me that he
was just informed that they thinks Roman
when he tries to go and backflip on the
little dirt bike is gonna fly off the
foam pit how do you feel about this I'm
really nervous how you feel about your
boy Ben Allen order Roman don't hurt
yourself your subscribers will be salty
oh my god my dreams are coming true one
large vehicle at a time growing up in
Ohio this is like I lived on this and
Roma's from Ohio to learn so uh the Ohio
savagery is up real gonna go right
around the woods like man they're gonna
say noises the machine
oh my god I'm coming back to you
apparently we're going to a hundred and
forty foot ramp right now that I'm
assuming will be jumped by someone - not
me what this is a ramp right up here
this is ridiculous bro yo , and he jumps
all the way from here over to that side
oh my god no way bro Oh what what did I
just watch
oh dude I thought I was crazy this is
like a whole nother love matter dude it
doing it better alright oh oh my god
that is amazing
u7 oh so I'm hopping back of this
steaming vehicle nice jumps guys oh boy
I do dumb things I do dumb things
Oh
yo you should've made me fall off we're
gonna dump some nails
we both have helmets five-point I like
your style man you shop in the back go
home and just do it bro
I bought this slingshot though you guys
have been crafting this slingshot
tell me about this slingshot right here
on G chord is amazing I know the color
the I do like the color of his bungee
cord blends in with this nice green
forest it's so you can remove it and
post it's actually Green Street a green
screen yeah you can have that in the
fire whatever you want yeah it's
lightning bolts honestly
lightning bolts say what did you guys do
to these posts you just like slam them
in the ground slammed nice this is a
test right now I don't see how it won't
work like in my mind this makes sense I
would have to come back like way much
further
there's no pull on that but that bungees
made to be pulled smoke yeah this needs
to work otherwise I don't have a video
are you down to pool an amazing race and
get hit in the face with the watermelon
with this bungee yeah
roll the clip what do you think bro
they're almost there it's almost out
enough is going to work it's going to
the problem is they're not pulling it
back far enough they're trying to get it
low to get elevation yeah there they
launch it yeah we got a couple more
things to do before I get to do the
slingshot but art right now Travis is
gonna launch himself off of this giant
raft there's someone filming all the way
up there into the loveSac hope it fits
yeah I do dumb things I do dangerous
things but this is like a whole nother
level you have any final last words for
you though it's not last words yeah it's
another walk in the park just worried
about claustrophobia I mean you should
in the bottom of theft you should drive
the speed limit that's like something
you should do I would be so hypocritical
just that beer I don't think registers
in his brain
oh oh we're good how about Chavez you
okay bro you did it wrong yeah my man
this is too close that was wait he's a
foot away
kill it I took off the bike just left I
was like up not that's not good I'm
supposed to look nonchalant but a second
I took off I was like I'm gonna die he
thought he had in the bag we have my
video going yeah I'm a high jumper right
now
haha alright it's time it's time are you
ready for the I don't have a name for
you but something with slingshot Charlie
here's what's happening bro I've been
waiting all day for this a versus guys
made a giant slingshot basically what
we're gonna do up buddy
this diet loveSac idea this is gonna
kill me is going on kill white bro
that's the point we're gonna be shooting
them at Travis as he goes off the jump
but I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it okay
what if you miss every time you miss
we're gonna take that man lift higher
and higher higher and every time I miss
you I gotta go jump off the man lift ten
feet higher yeah into the foam pit of
love sacs yes deal bro yeah deal bro man
let's do it you're not looking for this
hey you owe
are you ready mark
oh I made it
I'm up
I was this close that is all
I am bleeding yeah you bring bad another
deal I'm like yo but what your I'm not
doing a travis pastrana video I have to
bleed a little bit like I'm gonna do the
50-foot drop anyways doing it how I see
right now really doing a man I use about
30 you got this we're gonna go 20 feet
above the top let's do it all the way
bro oh you want to go all the way the
way so the Sun is setting I am being
lifted 50 feet high in the air by a man
left I'm not gonna look down until we
get there be me up Scotty
homeboy I'm doing a landscape took the
action comes the shot is okay done some
dumb things my life just wanna pop is
impressive alright if you fall backwards
there's no foam do this for the low game
I love you guys
my Jean thank you thank you for not
killing me how did you become the only
one today miracle this is the only thing
that happened yeah I was I was wielding
a giant machete that was an epic day
wrong you killed it Thanks make sure to
check out the video on his channel
it's just romanette with vlogs I'm a
genius bro
Travis did legend it was an honor and
wow wow that is all I have to say about
this day dude like I I looked up to
travis pastrana when I was a kid he like
saying legend man and same with the
Roman just like great people great vibes
thank you guys for watching seriously
being able to share like stuff like that
with you is absolutely incredible thank
you for being part of the low gang if
you are not make sure to subscribe and
join the low gang as usual I will see
you tomorrow I love you guys take it
easy
whoa there's my team bro peace guys
what's it gonna be is giving birth it's
a it's a it's a it's a travis pastrana
oh happy
