hey he's like co for babies trying to
make some babies what's poppin Logan I'm
gonna tell you what I'm doing today but
like a horse one I got an audition - I'm
going to the dentist to get my teeth
clean three I'm doing a YouTube collab
with a fellow youtuber for my mom leaves
and five that's it let's go get the day
started
yes I'm about to go downstairs and then
I hear this guy screaming who's
screaming up top his lungs so I run out
on my balcony like this no I'm just
watching this this crazy guy screaming
no one no two things come to my mind one
welcome to Hollywood and two maybe I'm
the crazy person cuz I'm watching a
crazy person yell at nothing in my
underwear on my balcony that's what I'm
saying that's what I've been saying what
no no no I'm not I am NOT crazy
I I'm not crazy I guess that's a good
point I know you're always right as I
hover board down Hollywood Boulevard
Boulevard yeah like a young dumb
millennial I am studying my script for
my audition however there is one thing I
need to fuel me to energize me into
that's right son grade okay guys guys
guys guys good Ronis don't scare me what
I'm driving what why why do you think I
would get I don't know why ever feeling
I'm glad you told me don't scare me wait
a minute did you make a video with
somebody in the car with a clown that
was me was that your mom roll the clip
outfit whoa he's badass I wouldn't get
out do that and then shitting me oh yeah
I know she's a savage my mom is a savage
hashtag vlog mom next level as soon as I
sign I was like where have I heard this
big mouth before you ever heard this
kick butt good luck thank you so much
imma kill it loose bye alright I'm at my
audition I'm gonna go kill it and I
forgot to tell you guys whenever I go
out for a role that's younger than I am
wear clothes that make me look like a
little kid like this shirt haha genius I
know right okay I'm gonna go kill this
be right back
I'm not gonna lie to you guys I didn't
kill it it was okay but I know you
already know that because the title card
said so they ask you I don't know man I
don't know
I wasn't vibing in there but you know
you win some you lose some
we're going back to the apartment so
that go Oh best transition ever I don't
know I don't know why I even like said I
was coming back home I'm here for like
three minutes I'm still wearing my
little boy shirt of little boy hood we
should do a little boy dance oh yeah
what is happening just war helicopters
World War three y'all what is this alien
invasion
that's crazy Brody look like little
bumblebees or something bro if World War
three is indeed happening I just
remember me as hashtag Baba
anyways here's what I was going to say
so in two days well tomorrow by the time
deserve log is up I am actually flying
to Maryland to do a very special amazing
epic collab with a youtuber and a legend
big youtuber big legend me epic oh lo
gang you guys are the little gangsters I
figured I should tell you get the hype
brew and get everyone ready and excited
but now I have a dentist appointment
he'll be a dad so what better way to get
there than a cool transition okay I am
here I'm gonna be quiet cuz when a
dentist's office you have a palace fuck
all the same there's people running amok
amok that's a good word that's the thing
on my level ox you watch my vlogs you
did smarter today you learned what a
muck it was I'm never home on Sunday
night you saw and I never watched 60
minutes never
but you saw wife and I said oh my god
yes yes the time is perfect then I am I
know that I said oh my god he's coming
in tomorrow
oh yeah I'm so out here right now do
your worst okay
oh oh
hello darkness my old friend I've come
to talk with you now my good you're
doing great okay sigh don't look under
water is it dumb joke forget about it
unsubscribe guys oh okay I think so it's
been a while
it has been a while hmm but them pearly
whites though you hope the most amazing
thing I've ever done
Wow that was Bob I gonna go back home
but how do we get there I don't think of
a cool trans oh whoa convenient we're at
home so you guys remember how I told you
how to YouTube collab today well it is
teal oh you tell the low-low gang what
we're doing so no gang is that what you
call them actually they love their lo
gangsters lo gangsters and well she
would have noticed vlog line no I
I'm not subscribed anyways I will be
don't worry I'm not subscribed to her
I'm not subscribed to her
ISIL just just calm down with me with we
are going to be doing a game with two
truths one law ever gets it wrong has to
take an ice bath ro you know he almost
killed me doctor tossing wrong this is
gonna be an issue like no it's nice
whole day I'm gonna just need to pick
your hand acquit you please if I was
like 12 wait wait you're not how do you
owe money as I should say almost 13 how
was your birthday
ready sorry I'll get you something we'll
get you this just over here we have a
George Jenko over here we have one
radius' and over here we have one
patrick Star
mom what are you doing on the porch all
alone
sandy here you told me to for the law
huh yeah that's good to see it's
supposed to be like I like I found you
on the force I could joke
nothing I gotta say I think the people
liked your vlog mountain segments
yesterday but as far as what I think
what the first mom what you hooked up
with one of my friends who yo.hannes
the shirtless guy carrying you around
yesterday oh nice boy he's a nice boy
he's a nice boy is that what they said
back then back when you were young and
having sex so we're waiting on ice right
now ice is coming right we ordered a
load of ice warp tilt the dinosaurs died
aged 10 pounds in 10 bags Jim
nonetheless wait a sec Whitsett we only
got 10 pounds of ice
10 10 pounds but they're 10 back oh
that's a lot right all each other 10
pound bags 10 pound bags
yeah they're 10 each one is turned out
so you know you one guy is delivering a
hundred pounds of ice how a name is
Irene so he need wait maybe not home
Bonita I think you're driving they're
not all ten pounds Thank You Madeline
all your brains went to be late later
you see the same vision that's amazing
no he is a lot of your wine hey guys I'm
really scared
this is freaky girl you gotta trust me
okay the trust wait I need this on my
blog this is good watch ha ha ha no this
blog libelous
oh she's good you see her up stance
d-does not me bucks yes I do what no yes
I do I do I do i box Floyd money too you
have done how long do you hold on your
blog Oh ginger the two minutes logs my
blogs have lid dude okay well how long
run it because you know you wanted a
hollowing my logs are 15 to 20 minutes
why would anyone want to watch it for
more than three that's so rude they do I
love it
I'm just kidding tea you're super
entertaining am I really
yeah but don't look cuz I got big lips
oh that's a fact look at my legs don't
look at your lips oh god like my lips
are huge compared oh my god mom what the
hell my lips early why do I have big
lips mom why don't you yeah why don't
you give me big lip genes I didn't give
you big lips big lips are good look at
my lips oh yes I'm saying and Meinhard
gone compared to Telos get on my level
yeah I'm jelly half hey mom can't make
me sweet potato I am make me sweet
potato cookie thank you mom
this pretty convenient my microwave got
a potato setting that's pretty dope so
apparently the ice is here all right
everyone
Jim Pizza time beets are still dobro oh
my you bullshit you're gonna eat all of
these big juicy slices I got it for us
Oh Pizza time oh my it's a tiny I would
have it but my mom made me
no thanks mama his hoverboard make some
dope tracking shots
how come I can use ik with you I joined
this music video that we're making Oh
what
of course I'm putting cinnamon oh no I
guess it's lit yogurt looks just like a
potato
yeah it's lit it's sweet and it's lit
thanks for making this for me mom
well you're my mom my pleasure alright
the ice is here apparently whoa cool
party yo look at this sunset right now I
love the city so much this is a real
life I have never this is the tiniest
girl you fit everywhere every night I
get to look at the sunset so beautiful -
I love Los Angeles in fact I love you
Hollywood is the burnout Logan what just
come say hi come say hi to maverick
munchies you hate birds
hi I'm gonna leave him in here yeah I
put him back I don't trust you she is so
scared right now
make maverick attacker we're in the very
go he's in his cage in the back corner
of my room I'm in this room scared what
of what is that put him away I'm Donna
we were about to start this video uh the
loser again has to sit in the ice bath
who's gonna be her jacobi me here I'm
gonna pick you up again just good times
sake there you go
no here's what's poppin I got this
light-skinned girl in the back
we just took a nice bath oh she wouldn't
know
we literally took a swirl bath mmm yeah
we're making ice cream we are make ice
cream we're also making candy we're all
making all sorts of little white boy and
caramel skin girl candies it'll be
amazing yeah he's like tofu babies gonna
make some babies my juice addicts
breathable I'm not gonna break oh my god
it's so scary
this looks like something it's what well
it is something we just took I'd be
hopping the lifespan I'm not showing
your ass and just showing the eyes that
there it is oh my god what no like I'm
not gonna use that as a thumbnail no
we're not no you wouldn't use my body
for me is why I respect yeah we respect
me as a caramel prison judge Oh what do
you Hamid do cuz I'm a savage mom I
don't oh wait I need this for body look
oh she wouldn't I dunno the vlog life
we're gonna do it again cuz everyone's
logging here and I'm vlogging mmm no so
my mom is leaving yeah yes Yuma I want
you to take over the vlog oh I'm gonna
go lift vlog mom the people dig it so
maybe glass a couple minutes of vlog mom
and I'll come back and sign off the vlog
for the day sound like a plan
yes alright okay okay you're up hashtag
Oh mom yeah gotta go back to Cleveland
gonna miss the kids too much but they're
gonna miss me you know why cuz I'm the
shit still got no food in here bull just
lovin I'm really sorry about this
I'm sorry I don't know what came over me
and I'm not cleaning it up either peace
out looking stirs love you and I damn it
feels good to be a gangster a real
gangster I'm a savage a few moments
later
yo my mommy mom my mom left me here
that's cool yo I also might start this
thing where if you guys send in like
don't funny savage videos I'll put them
in this part of the vlog because they're
freaking awesome
here's an example this is the little
gang
blow you wouldn't know this you wouldn't
know this this is the low gang bro and
you would have known you wouldn't know
this anyway back to the vlog are what
kind of I'm signing off the day but me
again hey thank you guys for watching as
per usual tomorrow I'm going to Marilyn
don't forget tomorrow night I'm gonna
take a flight to Maryland to do a collab
with a very special influencer youtuber
friend of mine hint maybe one of the
biggest so stay tuned for that it's
gonna be amazing I will see you guys
tomorrow
- EP yup
so I go - I literally I take my card out
I put the batter in the computer go go
to upload the footage and whoa I come on
what is this mom
mom what are you kidding me right now
mom what the fuck come here you called
yes I did you're ready yes all right oh
I promise yeah
