not sure my friend died or not shut
shuts off good morning people I am back
from New York in my home sweet home of
Hollywood let's go say hi to the people
good morning walkers back in the back in
the Walker maverick maverick EULA hey
buddy
I know I missed you too what were you
doing in New York maverick huh yes I saw
him ma'am I saw you I you were there and
I saw you
yeah the whole thing between me and
maverick a little inside joke only those
of you watched at yesterday's vlog would
understand but it's whatever mwah all
right all right all right all joking
aside maverick and I are Ashley friends
isn't that right you too then today
let's talk about today I have an
audition which I guessed it didn't study
for I'll go put the size for that right
size is like the part of the script with
their characters lines in it so gonna go
for it those and then head to the
audition how I wish me luck I'm so
freakin screwed
guys Johanna's anybody yo I have an
audition I got to go to know but here's
the thing bro didn't study bro
no 0/0 I didn't print the side I didn't
print them bro you don't you doesn't
have anything whose number fault broken
oh my God my shirt matches the exit sign
look at that alright elevator let's do
this yeah I'm not really sure how I'm
gonna do this cuz like act like I do it
I don't ain't no line we don't have the
lungs you understand how this is a
problem you know what the difference
about today's mishaps are though today
today is not my fault and I mean it like
I don't like today don't point it Logan
I promise you it's not my fault so if
you watched yesterday's vlog again a
little inside thing don't worry about it
you know that I flew in from New York
last night late last my agents pop this
audition on me when I was in New York
and I already have my plate is full like
I have no room for for any size any
dressings nuts I said guys I don't know
guys like I this is gonna be hard for me
to do and they're like oh no you got
this you got well you know hahaha point
is this all right I am NOT in the wrong
on this one auditions come today before
the auditions all the time but not when
you're in a a different state I
different stay across the country and
then be when you already have like so
many things to do regardless i'ma go in
there and I'm gonna rock it boy got a
10-minute Drive to learn 9 pages of
dialogue from my phone gives me a little
over 1 minute per page of taking I'm on
my way to the audition just so you know
I didn't have time to even print the
sides like I'm going in empty-handed
okay
oh okay that's all you have to say it's
all good I forgive you all right let's
do this
he's on me oops all right guys wish me
luck
12 seconds later so I just got a call
from my manager that said he would he
say he said he said oh yeah you don't
have to go in brah to like a human being
I say I say Jeff what do you mean bro
they actually already offered the role
to someone why am I going in in the
first place who's who's making these
dumb decisions to send me in with no
preparation and when they already
offered the role to someone what am i
doing bruh I'm back home now what oh oh
oh that's right we're going to the Drake
concert tonight son I know we lie I'm a
little too hyped right there but come on
dude Drake Legend bro Legend bro great
concert I also got a Gaines bowl looks
like this day might not be so bad after
all
hey yeah laughing MSDE two L's later
well I'm maverick be free good Burt
anyways I begin some work done in mark I
actually left I'm in his room right now
also have my shoes on ha ha ha skew mark
the point is I'm home alone man there's
no one here I got the whole house to
myself hmm what should I do
I'm just kidding all right get your mind
out of the gutter bro but Logan we
literally show you about the masturbate
shut up so if you've been watching my
vlogs you know I did their iPhone
giveaway so one thing I yet to do is
actually give the iPhones away yeah I
still have them joke's on you guys I'm
not giving them away I'm just kidding of
course I am
I just I've been traveling so I've not
had a chance to send them yet all the
people that won asked me to actually go
in and sign the iPhone itself because
yeah if you didn't know this yet I
signed the like plastic like the saran
wrap on the outside so they just peel it
off and it's thrown away cool way to go
Logan problem is I don't have a white
sharpie so I gotta go get off that broke
I'm so sorry to whoever won that one all
right let's uh sign some iPhones
I don't do this everyday fact I never do
that I've never done this through the
winners my signature sucks man it's like
a drunk seven-year-old try to do it so
apologies in advance I uh this aw Jesus
I'm ruining everything so what I'm doing
is peeling back this right here
peel it back there it is I'm a sign it
and then put it right back here we go
oh my gosh this is definitely gonna come
off oh no it's like the mat is is not
good for marker who's here we go okay I
don't know no Steve my man if it comes
off again so sorry bro I'm trying my
best out here bro put it back in the box
there we go there we go but a big auto
bing bada boom window bang now for the
hard part I want to say I respond every
vlog to three comments right away like
first hour I thought so and I read all
of them so if you guys want to maybe
have a conversation or whatever try to
make the first couple comments so if you
guys want to chat stay what's up make
sure you count it in because I'll be
responding alright iPhone signed and
ready to go let's go send these off the
ship some iPhones baby won't you ship it
congratulations again to the winners now
I gotta find some food cuz I'm hungry
man as for breaking always I decided to
get a sandwich because I like fame with
cheese turns out I got a SUP and not a
sandwich but I mean come on what's the
difference brown sabrine simon children
it is a soft wedge curvy road ridin
baguette or one too many ritual damn
variations the type of sandwich that
consists of long for instance width into
two pieces and filled variety of these
cheese's vegetables and seasonings cuz i
which was a reasonable fulfill item or
finger food which we have a popular the
rest of world made which is emitted
versions are found worldwide in
conclusion assam is variation off from
the sandwich oh such a mess mmm nice I
just got a call from one of my directors
of my movie airplane mode he's like yo
we're watching the movie in 15 minutes
it's not done yet they're watching cuts
of it and we give notes to the editor
then we sent to visual effects and sound
effects and we color the movie so it
looks good he's like yo we got my
washing 50 minutes 15 minutes David you
gotta give me more warning man but I
love this movie and I need to make sure
it's gonna be the best it can be all
lettuce everywhere
so we're gonna go they were watching
movie right so my movie airplane mode so
this this thing if you guys do not know
this yet
two years to write with the directors
David and Dylan we finally made it and
it's turning out incredible it features
a thirty of the biggest social media
stars on the planet and we shoved them
all in an airplane you can guess what
kind of craziness happens after that
also a little forewarning it is rated R
like hard R so if you are not 17 yet
worked on that but you're gonna want to
see this movie airplane oh no wait
rewind it bro I just got here I'm
vlogging bro rewind he's a whole spot to
watch the movie with the helping come on
guys let's do this
lemma are you scared of flying yeah you
are you that's not how you do this about
it it's more about that G even though a
few moments later
is it raining he's right no impossible
impossible it's raining in Los Angeles
guys it does not rain in Hollywood like
ever thank you mother nature for
blessing us with rain on this beautiful
day
aka skewing they're a whole lot of
cussing in this vlog I apologize anyways
back to the heat I'm back you me no
spoilers all you need to know about most
everything motors data its heat John two
tickets to drink baby how are the seats
bro four C's Rho 1 Rho 1 Rho come on
will you see this with ariana grande
yeah
no her that well she's there doli me
started I see Rihanna I'll be pissed
like a lot of you bro I'm hyped I'm high
for the Drake concert bruh
do you know any Drake songs I don't know
man oh man oh man ever loved it out I
need a one K's on an embassy bag now -
oh yeah - like I'm doing man not sure if
my friend died or not
shut shut off yo our uber driver just
practice road high but the slam on the
brakes and yell squad I'm on Facebook
lock Oh
what's your name dude Fernando Oh God oh
man you crazy bro you the ball rolling
inside of this dome built by the Roman
soldiers themselves lies a legend you
got the tickets bro good the tickets I
just handed them to you I'd literally
just handed them to you oh yeah you have
them yeah Jesus mother of Jesus please
work
oh my god he were they work they work
all right guys before we go inside I
want to give a quick shout out through
seats geek we're hooking it up with the
dull backseat it's an app that puts all
your tickets in one spot check it out
and I got to hook up for you guys use a
code Logan to get $20 off here is how to
use it
l Oh gah super simple if you want to
check it out the link will be in the
description box for now let's go dab the
Drake Bank right right oh goody bro
we're out here bro not only are we out
here for blue it's you my girl I love
you eh I'm stealing all your fans Drake
watch out damn son the stage is right
there and we got these seats I'll take
your bro bro when they first gave us the
row once each I was like ah oh man we're
privileged soil mother pretty high brain
huh
No
started
nigga started from the bottom
my cell phone late night when you need
my love and I know when that hotline
bling I can only mean one thing
we got waiting together how many shiny
one more time
all right hyojong now pretty fun George
what I said that was pretty fun George I
thought it's pretty fun one those lit
lit level uh high on that one kyndra
hardly hear anything my eardrums hi guys
I'm exhausted I'm signing off for the
night that was a fun day I'm vlogging
bro you wouldn't know this your boss
your boss your boss your blog I'm
signing out for the night that was a
very fun day exhausting day I will see
you guys tomorrow tomorrow I'm dressing
up as like 900 different characters in a
very short amount of time it's gonna be
very entertaining I'm running out of
breath I will see you guys tomorrow
peace don't forget I love you know my
God look at this vein in my neck okay
bye guys one more thing don't forget
this obscure B can do it you can do it 1
2 3 ha ha ha it's okay it's okay
