good morning people my name is Logan
well you know that uh anyways I'm in New
York City right now I flew in early this
morning 5 a.m. I've been sleeping it's 3
p.m. before we get this vlog started
though there's something I want to show
you watch how this toilet flushes oh my
god the perfect world well I was weird
in trouble anyways I'm gonna go get
cleaned off and then let's go see what
type of trouble we can get into club I'm
here let the savagery begin for those of
you know me you know I'm my food either
I like food fortunately I can't do that
right now I gotta go to a meeting first
thing I do is go to a meeting great I
just want to get some food in my belly
but let's just take a second marvel at
the beautiful city that is New York man
I freaking loved it like that ok good
hey what's up my G well what about that
focus focus on my face camera what you
doing I an action meetings here meetings
there I got one question can I live can
I live I need food I need food food food
no need food boys in my belly I didn't
put now guys I don't want to do this
meeting alright yeah
drinks over there I step food Geoffrey
ah hi let's talk was not food no money
kicked out of this office and be the
city bro if you wait 30 seconds
huge platter actually no yeah a few
moments later listen just so you guys
know this is what the grind looks like
I'm literally uploading a vlog to
YouTube right now as I'm walking through
the streets of New York with my laptop
still with no food in my stomach let's
get food now do I look done more is it
okay cuz there's 2016 I'm gonna go ahead
and say I look dumb got some bad news my
battery's dying and I don't have a
battery charger can I get in we go to
our the nearest Best Buy okay so yeah
I'd literally just realized my camera is
dying and I forgot my battery charger on
the plane
way to go Logan gonna go to Best Buy I'm
gonna get an extra battery charger gonna
get a battery and then hopefully please
for the love of Logan's life
can I eat tell you about a little
concept called multitasking my manager
was smart enough to send me a picture of
the menu and learning get my stuff and
then I'm gonna go to the restaurant and
hopefully my food will be there waiting
for me and then I can just chow we made
it to the store let's get a battery
charger if they don't have a battery
battery charger not a lot salt level
gonna be high Cameras Cameras Cameras
came so many cameras but no camera
chargers where I hope no way you're
gonna save my life today I need a
battery charger and a battery for this
camera this one right hand g7x you said
the next I hope follow me go save my ass
bro do we have one yeah someone borrow a
check right now some other fingers cause
please tear for the love of wife
No how was he better yeah this is gonna
die bro our EP bro
hey don't say that man once they are
follow me over here let me check in the
computer good news bad news bro yeah we
don't have it here so good news
Union Square has I'm not having to see
PR right you're killing me bro
you're killing but the good news is you
eating square has three how far is that
it's like dirty blocks from here so if
you can run really fast
teleport fly I'll do it I'll do it I'm
going right now
alright be ready bro
you might have to cancel it I didn't
have a battery at the first source so I
might have to go to a second store I am
Annie I just can t with you guys bro
cancel the steak nice but I'm sad oh god
I'm losing it bro
I follow you on Instagram I don't even
have one in Instagram
you have I don't have an Instagram you
have your screaming New York everything
background yeah oh my god your
excitement is making me so hungry
you haven't go back oh my god what's up
guys where you guys from Lana
oh nice wait come on wait you guys are
from where Lana I got like a bronze in
the lunch I'm not gonna lie you guys
this vlog life is so it's so difficult
but I'm doing it I'm doing it still have
yet to up the load yesterday's vlog
still have yet to eat though you have to
go get a battery for the camera that I'm
vlogging with so much stuff but the
important thing is to stay grounded I
don't get stressed I just get
overwhelmed is it different being
overwhelmed is regular just it's gonna
take a deep breath get some food in my
belly my billion when I get through my
stomach I'll be fine I'll be fine man in
conclusion the vlog life is difficult
but I do for you guys I fucking love you
moon and woman I'm in the middle of
Union Square check out where I am right
now just like post it up right here
trying to get yesterday's vlog live
trying to make sure my camera doesn't
die trying to get food in my stomach
uh-huh the vlog life is hard bro ha I
can do this second stores right there
fingers crossed these guys have a better
I'm looking for a battery battery
charger for this camera right here this
one right here you see you got me bro oh
you guys I had so many fun things
planned for today's vlog like going
around New York and doing like fun
things in Times Square but doing this
instead so haha do you're worth it
please sometimes in life when you got a
lot of things going on
you just got to take a deep breath and
I'm trying to give myself advice I don't
even know what I'm talking about this
man might save my life what's it looking
like
wait what that is the battery yeah make
sure we have
may have gotten prematurely hyped
because I realized without a battery
charger I can't charge either battery
I'm screwed bro I'm screwed okay
yesterday's vlog is doing public done
one thing off the place slightly less
overwhelmed feeling good feeling good
still waiting to see we have a battery
charger cuz not this logsam and early
which is not good by the grace of Steve
Irwin my man has found it bro your hero
I'm so happy right now I want to scream
I have an idea
I'm gonna voice-over myself screaming
later on - right now yeah yeah oh so
sick super sick cool yeah
did that work was that believable I
don't know I gotta find food I'm gonna
eat it's been 84 years it's been 84
years finally I have food
Trump versus Hillary debate is tonight
so I'm gonna find a spot to watch that
whether it's a hotel whether it's with
my boys in Brooklyn either way it will
be watched by Logan Hall
and I'm guessing it's gonna get
absolutely insane Trump versus Hillary
Oh in the same room this is a Mayweather
versus Pacquiao all over again
the point is I'm smashing right now so
I'm gonna see you guys in a second with
the pool belly yeah that was delicious
all right I found a spot to watch the
debate it's with my boys in Brooklyn so
that's where we're going now they're the
crazy people that were with me at at a
Burning Man
so hook probably gonna get rowdy tonight
I'm actually really salty today I had
such a fun thing planned I was gonna go
buy marshmallows and walk around Times
Square and any fans that recognize me if
they wanted to take a picture they would
have to catch a marshmallow in their
mouth that would have been so fun but no
I got caught up with the camera vlog
stuff the vlog love is hard man but I am
gonna do that tomorrow so make sure you
watch tomorrow's vlog cuz that's gonna
be awesome
I call it like the UH the marshmallow
fan challenge or something crazy like
that but it's gonna be fun I'm actually
fucking legitimately salad and get to do
that today
yeah beat the Brooklyn boy yo that
grumpy cat grumpy cat unified do the
five boroughs if I see you stay nation
why is the cat so grumpy what makes us
angry little bit never know kid I'll get
it dog hey get it dog good dog I just
realized the debate is a political thing
whoo I'm gonna go ahead and stay out of
I'll show what like everyone else is
thinking mama huh I'm up and out that
shot here we go before you guys see
anything in this vlog that uh it makes
you want to hate me
just know that I'm just - I'm a
good-hearted boy from Ohio man I've got
blonde hair I take showers every day so
please don't judge me and my friends
please bill Hofstra for hosting Oh
Hilary taking blows already what kind
tree we want to be in what kind of
future all together freedom
I call it trumped-up trickle-down oh oh
this man aquatic stores middle I do love
part ratchet we light our lamps because
then I can go in and buy some and make
some money
not Gilardi immerse in stock this debate
was going to be like lit like a like the
Superbowl game or something and it just
like that oh yeah I'm sleeping I'm just
a dumb boy from Ohio this is cool I
think this is cooler I think we're done
you're just starting to think of
solutions well I will bring a shit right
right
then nothing will then after that that
is just not accurate you call it the
gold standard for Tata Steel if you've
ever seen yellow then you heard what I
said about it and all of a sudden you're
against well Donald I know you live in
your own reality oh all right brilliant
Obama's fault near heart because he's
pushing there are you telling the enemy
everything you got to do whether you've
been fighting no wonder you've been
fighting Isis your entire adult life oh
good night oh that was turn bro Dan that
was sweet
anyways bro it was cool hanging with you
guys
hashtag like that let this spread look I
do it do it do it oh my god oh my gosh
bro you're an innovator
well hit him the sound of like that bro
with the cassette
he means you to slip out what the fuck
is that I told you my knees hurt so use
the other debris of two knees oh yeah
one man think you have to bro oh yeah
one I'm for sure like I've never been
more positive something killing me bro
one like uh-oh so far away so far away
but oh yeah oh oh oh it's like flies off
yo can you tell the people your your
stair theory tell them tell them the
stair theory cuz I wanna I want to hear
it I want them to know alright here we
have an elevator yeah here we have
stairs you're young right now but
whoever's watching this unless you ieave
your holding this you're young all right
one day you physically may or will not
be able to take the stairs cause you're
sir always take the stairs this is true
always they always take the stairs
that's the theory bro one day you won't
be able to is that some enjoy it enjoy
because this could be your very last
moment you guys and you could be taking
this last one with not taking the stairs
you about it you think he's joking
I've never took an elevator with this
kid he always makes me take the stairs
everything you think like this easy
thing you just take elevators everywhere
this is this is real just this is mrs.
will what what what what is your CD of
vlog I was walking around chasing
batteries all day and and and more
battery I'm unsubscribing two mice like
and unsubscribe by my Brooklyn boys I'll
miss you
Alex I'll miss you outside haha that guy
am i right back at my hotel
grinding still I wish I could say that
was a fun day I do but I feel like this
whole block thing I want to be really
open with you guys want to be honest
have an open dialog like yes I like to
be funny and I want to be funny and make
you guys laugh but sometimes I don't get
real with you
that day was not the most fun so thank
you for living it and bearing it with me
this little camera in my hand made it a
lot easier because I know people are
watching it however tomorrow is gonna be
a fun day it's a new day keep that chin
up that jawline flexed a nice thank you
guys for watching this video a big
thumbs up actually you know what the
size of the thumbs up doesn't really
matter regardless it's a thumbs up and
then don't forget to
subscribe you guys too I'll see you guys
tomorrow booth no chance no chance you
ain't an athlete oh no chance you got
this
