Oh TP dude where were you man man what's
up with you you be what are you doing
brother
what is my dad we're in San Francisco
it's right what's up you know just get
over I'm Drake Drake where's Jake my
brother Jake Jake gt3 yeah mmm and I'm
dragged around 33 hours sleep ID yeah
yeah well listen listen ball boy that's
how you roll as hard roll
I listen dad something you give me an
hour and it should be good dad let me
tell you you love me I do love mother
you know and then we're good no it's not
a good thing
oh I love my bags and play oh you
lost you left I left you you yeah you
got you got an uber the hugger bags then
you can you got here did you just go I
don't know I'm not thinking we got to
get my bags in the morning or summers no
no no there's no we in this hey what's
up I left my bag in the overhead
compartment of my flight last night and
I was wondering how do I get it back
come over here man what do you think
yeah a little so just go to the airport
and even though they're not answering
for the baggage office of American
Airlines which is in terminal 2 right
next to the carousel they have an office
and just ask them up on body side go
show up and hope that they have it yeah
that would be the only one who okay but
washes great ah sometimes in life you
make mistakes and sometimes in life you
make pancakes and I'd much rather make
pancakes let's go get my bag there's
only one way I can wake myself up
how are you mom I'm good what was in the
bag that you left on the plane my
clothes and my toothbrush and everything
I own nothing no not yet I'm going to
there for right now hopefully they have
it did you have your name on it no
please no no tag on his own no anything
I was there that day your name no now
the reason I'm so adamant why I need my
bags I'm actually flying to New York
tonight
yes flew to San Francisco last night
flying to New York tonight very busy guy
I don't get it now just gonna be trapped
well who knows where may be in a plane
in the sky somewhere maybe here in San
Francisco point is I need it fingers
crossed
hey do you know where the baggage I left
my bag on my plane last night and lo
lost and found
what kind of bag uh it's a duffle bag
yeah yeah oh my gosh you stop please oh
you have my bag
Wow you're amazing thank you so much
yeah yeah yeah I'm just doing start to
the day
a few moments later yes I'm gonna go say
what's up and greet my brother for the
first time I'm gonna go yelling my dad
for not helping me last night they're
here in San Francisco it's gonna be a
Paul reunion it's gonna be great we're
gonna love each other yeah my family the
poor boy that's right big Paul Greg Paul
yeah yeah he's my dad I fought all the
other sperms and then made it to the
exit and then Jake did the same yeah I
did that try it was cool it's right bro
it's good to see you Mickey Mouse cuz
you're on Disney I just wait wait right
no what are you trying to do I'm just
trying to take the camera all right guys
they don't want to see you they want to
see me oh yeah it's all about me right
now
whoa you want to know how you guys came
out no um anyways guys you can just
follow me on all my social Zaid Jay Paul
I got something to say all right three
charges from a higher dude in San Fran
and look at this life we're living this
is crazy man I love you I love it oh my
gosh wait can we rewind a second out of
it that symbolizes your life like look
at this life work that's your life and
this thing look at that thing that's my
life - that's cool
it's a life of bags being left in the
airplane it's a life of sleepless nights
it's a life of snapchatting it's a life
of vlogging dude I'm a vlogger now you
want to know this I'm having too much
fun with my family it's my dad he lives
in Ohio I never see him we're at a
conference right now really poor guys -
DTS wait and go don't tell anybody with
the tongue
here in the book but you guys Tyreese
0:02 me get ready brother
oh yeah Nihao Logan Logan stalking no
there's no exact Jake yeah sorry I don't
know we better-looking yes true and use
more followers better look he's a silver
hair and everything
ha ha ha Wow sorry that's bad question
for you for me yeah what do you think of
your son
flat flat platinum hair it's pretty fun
oh no they put me next to you yeah no it
sucks bro you need a de pointes Ivana
cometh easy and all the dope right yeah
oh wait a sec take a deep breath because
the next session you're gonna need it
because you're gonna laugh so hard that
you might need to catch a break I have a
really bad boys right now because I
screamed too much for Logan Jake just
now ha ha thank you Oh Apple Yeltsin
solo thank you so what I should pass EJ
does she turn yes mommy do this bitch
right now it's the number one makeup
blogger online with over 16 million
followers I
what did you see that guy I'm a little
shy yo Jake I'm getting restless bro I'm
getting restless
catch this one too you ain't an athlete
time nothing we don't want the black
impossible ready impossible no chance no
chance you ain't an athlete oh no chance
you got this impossible
bro you suck at this I like your face I
want to cut it off and wear it I want to
explore San Francisco man I don't come
here off do you come here often I make
this face too much bad habits I'm
working to fix oh you take a picture
right now
can I see are the flames let me see the
flames bro Oh bro flames and the coolest
part about this is that I'm just
vlogging my whole life hashtag vlog good
I'm hi bro i'm way too hyper impossible
no chance you don't even know this man
oh no you don't even know this man oh I
like being in San Francisco and spending
time with you dad yeah YouTube I haven't
been this happy since you and Mom got
divorced and I learned I was having two
Christmases
got I got yo can we get a round of
applause for the biggest fire hydrant
I've ever seen in my life
this thing is bigger than my future Wow
when life gives you a big fire hydrant
you don't just walk by it you take me
not what I was gonna say yeah bro see
see when I saw it I knew I just knew it
had potential I'm not a talent agent I'm
not a talent manager but like when I see
fire hydrants that I think could have a
future in this business I pounce and
that's what I did back there you know I
was going to New York
dude out no waiting I found out you're
going the Olympics from friggin snapchat
oh god no my parents know my life
because of my social media I'm the worst
son ever
they got trophies on plates they got
trophies on plates I want to choke out a
plate Jake got a trophy on a plate
before I did throw away what is he say
it says the best con I'm in the yard no
there may well comedy yeah you just come
to do so my bro bro this might be an
awkward time y'all but I go to your
ground right now yeah absolutely
oh oh yeah I miss my flight man I'm
leaving go to your ego buddy yeah I got
upset me too
oh god I'm gonna be late Oh Oh see
what's up bro hashtag hashtag yeah
yay oh thank you man Wow I'm definitely
gonna miss my play
audiences Choice Award sweet when I miss
my flight for this a good thing it's
shiny
am i right haha hey can everyone give me
a big whoop Wow
I just want to thank my dad helped me
give birth out of my mom thanks dad I
love you I'll never stop logging will
never stop logging ever tell me about me
I'm literally ordering an uber I'm on
stage Stiller I got a do this yo I was
happy that we're all taking a picture oh
my god hi bro I'm leaving now it's
probably not the best time but I gotta
go bye guys I gotta catch a flight III
I'm leaving hey hey okay okay I'm
leaving goodbye then I love you bye
goodbye I'm running I'm right why are
you doing T stop Logan why do you put
yourself in these situations oh are
you here for Logan yes oh do you think
you could drive pretty fast I try mad
thanks man that's all you can do you
know the airport where's gate 42 hi
thank you Frank I got a run together
that's right squad your boy made it
first order of business get changed
cousin get really hot ball that I run
against all odds
I set the camera and then walk there and
then just walk back just so I get to get
it
walk I don't know what to do
I'm a blogger check out what really just
happened huh what's up of course really
take a selfie
you're on the you're on the instant
story say what's up and then his phone
died had his picture up phone died
sorry dude you guys ever throw I are
playing bathroom rager they're the best
oh that's right gaining their plea
bathroom
oh yeah I can't say for sure but I'm
pretty sure this guy from YouTube
himself
confirm boop see that 5:33 hey alright
yeah crazy guy talking to his camera in
the airport today was fun day I will see
you guys tomorrow make sure to watch
because New York is gonna get insane oh
and I'm alone which is never a good
thing
don't forget to subcribe he's got dude
whose idea when it to let me in this
room
