hey hey morning well gang so here's a
brief here's the breed we wouldn't know
if we went we fought we fiesta we day
with kiss just a little too hard it's
1:30 p.m. my god six hours so now we're
leaving at the same time that's my boy
because my boys Mexico so now we're
stuck or not stuck we are privileged to
still be in Boston
the voice is so now we have the whole
day go explore angles they eyes a bit of
a girl how do you tefillin
get out probably you think I'm stuck
Walker pump up I'm sleeping while you
love wait wait a second Brenda let me
alright here's another little oh here's
another little breed wampas oh look at
that one was flight cousin lay the
problem is he had a connecting flight so
if his first flight gets delayed the
second flight like woo knows where it's
gone so who don't have to stay clear
down so my boy here is like y'all I'm
just gonna stay in Boston another day yo
why not you know I got the contest now I
know the people we don't know anyone I
don't I'm looking for my schedule I go
what am i doing tomorrow
yo what are you doing nothing yeah bro
yeah Pro just like way just take it easy
right now I'm just gonna make a call and
don't check okay yo yo yo you know fun
time fun time
give it interview so what's on like do I
need to be back in LA
Bolden to LA but to be happenin so took
a morning flight you could
to be back here yo-yo okay so it waits
because here's the thing we can they
take he is they want pot is probably
have to stay another night in Boston
high def what did you call the airline
no there was a big line to to you should
say something you should call the
airline and see there is no straight
flights to Mexico wampa says there's no
straight flights to Mexico until
tomorrow at 7 p.m.
oh they never are you racist piece of 20
minutes lay down we have an idea we have
these I got some stuff obviously I got
some stuff going on tomorrow I wanted to
go back to LA cuz I can finally create
like a viral video I have made peace
content so long so I'm like yo I just
bring the mexicana to LA and pay for
expenses no I was gonna pay for the
Mosel on you know something new that
kind of take the reins on that one pay
for the front yourself but the absence
of the world is pretty good it is vlog
it's 1 million views paper oh my god I
was we're gonna try to bring wampa back
to Los Angeles illegally legally as they
make videos make a viral viral video oh
there's two seats left on my plate dos
means two in Spanish my seat is tear a
piece available no no you're joking yo
shut up dude then be oh no it's nothing
what I'm joking me go ah this is amazing
bro hey now you're a rock dog just came
on
Oh play hey now you're not gonna start
shooting stars hey now you're an all
star get your game on go play ah ah ah
yo why did you do that he wants the
achievement you Boston is such an
amazing city man I'm sorry link to the
Titanic son right now cuz your sack is
we're leaving yeah that's my Romano
right there actually I got you that that
that way you don't have to edit the
music oh oh but what about copyright are
we good no we got to stop you're gonna
play for like eight seconds
WAPA and I like to consider ourselves
artists when we see something cool we
just don't when we do it you're gonna
get bagels we are going to give our but
look at this like this is too cool to
pass up exactly so we're gonna take some
pics patient signs I see BICS power one
quick thing before we go to take pics
hashtag llama can eat a bagel for the
first time ever all the people out there
watching this vlog you got out his dad
there are bagels in mixing like I don't
believe I'm cutting at that I don't
believe you put anything like see you've
never had a bagel what yes you put stuff
inside bagel then why did you give it
there in here brothers - you're not
helping your case bro everyone's gonna
believe it Elizabeth
yeah is this a way to do it you are not
helping your case yo this thing is wound
you for me this isn't you you got to
take a knife where's nice a plastic
knife the bad the bad oh dude you are so
Mexican making fun of how I spread this
thing no no that's actually not bad yeah
you know what you're doing I really want
to make fun of you pop to the airport
how do you say airport in Mexico
aeropuerto there's something special
about this arrow Park oh there's
something special and I'm not gonna tell
you right now but it's special we're at
the airport I really I got a surprise
for you guys and wampa I got something
to show you thank you no yeah I haven't
given it to you I'm going to give it you
come on come on where's where is it
where's that bro it's gonna be so worth
it that we're all in Boston Logan Road
that's the airport named the Eric mondo
this is your Boston login bro and Logan
recycles bro cycle Logan recycle I'm
really happy now that I know I feel is
good this guy is good I liked it for
mono ten yeah it's it's a solid - I
looks good on the plane huh yeah
got my own airport named after me Amy
obviously it is not the airport is named
after Liz and hashtag low game browsers
fact that you were able to get on this
flight and get the seat next to me oh
yeah
miracle-gro coming up we let hashtag low
gang we're all in with you honey goes uh
king batch
hey sir
this marriage smash so me absolutely
either get the cheese plate the roast
beef kena were a pharaoh
why is this happening good job look at
this are you guys seeing this right now
no idea how this is happening Oh
especially
really hard and want to actually go
hours of sleep
you know it's like
it was the late 70s
that's why he's
as many chickpeas mambas man
I don't know how this got there bro is
it into jerky
Barbara somehow I ended up in the plain
bathroom and as you guys know that is
never uh that's never a good thing
mano a mano a mano a mano it's been too
long
that's my boy that's my boy
how's your mother she's busy - she's
good how's your son she's good
hi Jean my uncle's good oh thank you hey
where's right sure beat rideshare beat
or it should be
oh there we are back in Los Angeles and
bro that you asked me how my mother was
made reminded me duck she's coming to
Los Angeles tomorrow every single time I
come your mom come bro you guys the same
person you might be mom mommy sent you
let's go I'm on one pick there it is
that a boy yo so you would think we're
going home right nah we won't get beat
Pizza time Google Pizza time
what's up you little lion dog oh this is
so great it is the Coulee de Leon he
can't understand you bro you can't be in
Mexican bacon bacon yeah Pizza time Oh
Pizza time Pizza time Oh
Pizza time this might be the best
looking pizza I've ever seen Pizza time
yeah I brought some Mexican oh wow Oh
everyone's kind of calmed down I'm like
yo mark what are you doing watching God
watching you step out of the vehicle
shirtless man you got a sexy mother it
should definitely smash yet another
amazing day thank you guys for watching
I'm glad me hermano is here he shouldn't
he shouldn't be here should be Mexico
right now boss you are incredible
seriously such a beautiful amazing city
I like my crop of bed at truffle bread
and then go to bed I will see you guys
tomorrow don't forget to a sub subscribe
that's no foot subscribe all right take
it easy wait for a minute please we're
going after Michael here you know what
you're gonna say ah not really
just join the club so sick bro
