don't throw em at me don't something no
oh come on stop stop out later yo yo we
just landed in Boston
her name is Logan it is high-five all
right ready I'm jumping up look better
way to get off a plane than that
7:00 a.m. just landed in Boston I just
claimed baggage I was able to sleep the
whole flight which is amazing are
there's one problem I don't have time to
do any I don't have time to go to the
hotel and sleep I just I go to the hotel
drop the bags off and I'm going to the
Forbes 30 under 30 some to speak on
stage after um what's his name Michael
fell a little bit record Michael Phelps
sick yeah
Michael Phelps say yeah looking like a
hot mess
the good news is is that I'm doing it
with one of my best friends in the
entire world who you guys looking to
meet today I've been - mouth I've been
having my because it's a big deal out of
a big deal and the two directors of my
other my other movie airplane mode which
is a mate we are presenting a 60-second
teaser of airplane mode Isis move your
scooter cool cool begin on stage four
star down to 30 with one of my really
good friends presenting a teaser of
April mode after Michael Phelps cool I'm
the best part about it I got no time to
do anything looks good can i maybe get a
hug can I get outside can I get a hug
this hug next time next time I'm never
going to see you again it's okay
wanna hug Logan okay
hey I'm into the land of the free and
the home of the brave
what do you want low is an op on this
hotel for sweet yes what I'm just
vlogging my life away see you wouldn't
know this your energy sick reviving this
guy's awesome my G
take it easy Emmett I love yo Boston is
don't look at this place this is amazing
hi this is my first time here IMAX I'm a
little surprised my secret fan oh you
guys gonna find out who he is kind of a
big deal a vlog of water I'm a low gang
low gangster what we do ball yo I just
got to my room and I am stoked man lost
it is sick because hey they got beds too
fancy fancy and B look outside this is
not view right now look at this this
city is incredible and I made such good
time that I actually Shane I'm not gonna
lie I'm naked I'm naked cuz it was gonna
say is I'm about to hop in the shower
because I made such good time and I look
across the way this chick is just
staring at me Oh No
why don't you use your right Logan what
are you doing Oh God
shower to clean as a whistle and I'm
going to find my friend would you
surprise him Sarge
kind of a big deal huh oh I'm gonna do
housekeeping
whatever boy whoa you look flies where's
my Mexican hermano don't have no Irma I
do have a Navarro is he here hermano
hermano
hey bro it's been too long it's been
long it's a bit late come on what are
you hiding your accent you talk like
that it's fun in the mood you have this
when I'm filming - ma boy ma boy a few
moments later
Oh we're departing into what could be
art either extreme rise or fall my
backpack wait where will the pockets
where bro all right we're going to the
venue none of us know what we're gonna
actually say yeah and we're going after
Michael Phelps you can make me like
perform and sing or something slow you
drop's the splash at all after a
creative meeting of the century we
concocted what could be actually like
decently okay like not making us look
what you're I'm a vlogger you're in my
memory my Q&A I wouldn't know the
chances of us getting kicked out of this
place
hi
this just in we are speaking on the
Harvard Business School page did not the
red-eye folder that's a fat I'm going on
Harvard's - a freaking out three stops
the one second actually thing on what
we're gonna say we're gonna like well I
know we say College about lodge about
Mexican and Dave where is the Mexican
bumper blah blah where's my Mexican
lumpley
I'm not going down here without my
Mexican
so Michael Phelps is over there I'm
gonna go ask him he's talking about
maybe he can give me a little advice
so going after uh Michael here you know
what you're gonna say ah not really he's
doing the club go I guess oh hi bro
we're just lucky dad do it needs to be
done bro and tickle are getting Mike
Delph hey this is no longer a joke like
it's slowly but surely becoming very
real I still have not found my Mexican
so who we just got word wampas like kind
of running a little late so late that
he's hopping out of the car and going
right on today he has no idea what he's
gonna say
he has no idea he hasn't been in this in
this meeting barely speak English oh boy
yeah there's a cot wrong yeah yeah we're
on it
come on my boy this can be crazy no what
what is he doing what is he doing
there's gonna puke
no people get nervous outlets beeping no
he's not gonna puke oh my god yo oh god
this man god bless america
what was that bro are you fine yeah
we're literally about to cook real
estate at Harvard Business School
they're playing our our trailer right
now
hands in
20 minutes later you have dreams no
matter how dumb those dreams are thank
you guys
we're about to take some exercise some
sexy picture no there was a big H or
something what are you saying you know
Harvard it was an age do you think
there's a big H just laying around here
yeah yo I want you guys to meet my
friend Steven what up guys tell them I
found hell CEO of loci there's no loci
do you know that it's this bracelet tell
me what it means it means that what is
though when you're on top you up on top
still humble when you feel those two
hopeful inside the black bead is a
little bit of mud from the Dead Sea the
lowest point on earth so it's a reminder
when you hit rock bottom
stay hopeful this is stuff inside the
white bead is a little bit of water this
is a Mount Everest brought down by real
Sherpa a reminder when you're at the top
sharpest stay humble dude balancing this
is incredible
it's incredible I appreciate this world
thank you right there and that's not my
whopper yet one I do I have to there
thank you hey why thanking me like me
more than you
Oh Steven bro this is my yo I don't know
how to say this but there's only room
for one vlog here and it's me bro it's
me the bro I'm a little gay I'm looking
you know come on lop it
how was it like oh there is a huge age
it's right in the middle did you see
let go 3 2 1 oh we're gonna try and
climb up here
it's nice huh we can do it bro get it
that's why nothing's abundant I got ya
bro thanks my Mexican everyone oh my
gosh this is just like those commercials
this is amazing this is crazy
what is this animal a pet it his name is
watching McCauley this is one of the
softest animals this is softer than a
chinchilla they live on in
hop-hop a Dipity boo by what you're
McCall they're gonna go banging I want
to bog so hard oh I have no because I'm
not every off whoa like this is
definitely different than walking in one
two three rope jump what are you doing
no is cranberry fighting you just stop
stop top don't throw at me throw
something no oh come on stop stop
there's so many cranberries in my bag yo
leave please get get on a frame broke
I'm vlogging bro you wouldn't know this
vlog hashtag log do Wambach one pay one
to it I want three food Oh
oh snap oh snap oh yeah here we can see
how Logan beats his fans amazingly he
loves and he makes peace and love so uh
I'm gonna take this five seconds to
promote my insurmountably my lord on the
street and boston seafood like lobster
the bueno gonna go get some hot seafood
right now hey over here let's go ladies
and Jesse grill all from all your
lobster lobsters oh it's a Christmas
miracle
whoa I wanna see food diet I see food I
eat it
there's this is so good yo this is your
big lobster problem yeah I just dabbed
with a lobster dab stirrer oh you stole
this damn stirrer bro I came up with
this city is gorgeous right now I'm
falling in love and little yellow leaf
at a time how you done I swear
what's up guys
boom nighttime we're about to go get
some dinner as some where the cook they
could get a lot of food when did this
happen
they say we are going to eat a delicious
delicious dinner cooked by some of the
best chefs in the world under the age of
30 after all that's why we're here the
Forbes 30 under 30 summit I'm gone man
smash general hooker entrance my man
Hogan that's your way no that shirt I
was gonna make that joke dammit wampa
damn it what is this whoa nothing wrong
the prophecy is true what did I do you
oh I love Boston I'm moving to Boston
thank you guys for watching give the
video a big old thumbs up so scream at
them subscribe if that means I subscribe
it's finito we'll see you guys tomorrow
Decker ACP how do how I hit my head I
would do again this loco gang and their
low gangsters it's the one which would
be a little gangster yeah so the person
who's watching is hello gangster yeah
but we are the low gang we are the low
gang bangers why kid I get it out of it
I love Mexico it takes a little bit of
time
