Oh what is that blow gang I'm uh I'm
free I'm I took um 6:30 a.m. right now
and uh I'm tired bro yesterday took
enough melatonin to kill a baby horse
that was seven hours ago so I'm dying
still oh I hit myself in the face
isn't it rough boy all your stretching
your stretching little parrot yeah
very important when you're flexible your
sex symbol a long muscle is a strong
muscle oh I need you I need you just
calm down
I it's a little too early for this boom
I'm driving to set today I know what
you're thinking Logan but you never
drive brown now this is true what a mama
chicken does not always butter her own
biscuits think about it
the reason I'm driving is because I want
to order a car this morning and it was
$85 what ha no just got the set running
about 15 minutes late let me tell you
guys I'm struggling right now man I'm
tight I'm vlogging ah what oh my god
there's a guy from NSYNC here that like
that pop band back when I was like he's
acting in the show he's acting in me
this episode uh-huh it's which one is it
Joey Fatone Joey Fatone oh this guy I've
seen this guy know this guy yeah yeah I
wonder if I can stick my vlog camera in
his face or his crotch either way so
it's gonna be stuck somewhere that's the
instant guy right there look at him look
at all and sinky on that ladder he's
looking right at me a lot of empty may
have gained lines from his own song you
just said it's gonna be me
they may take care of it Willie it's
gonna be me it's gonna be me what are
you doing bro are you filming me a
member now I know what it's like when I
stick my vlog camera in people's faces
he's leaking Christina's on here baby
the real star showed up what we want
internationally famous pop star or
internet celebrity shoes why you guys
fangirling so hard oh me have you seen
my Instagram page no back to this room
and we go oh let's go look at this thing
I think I'm actually gonna be wearing
this later today it'll be cool
first scene of the day just be careless
but you can't get ahead which is a lot
of wool yo this is insane oh so it is a
real bro oh okay
all right okay oh you like my acting
this is uh this is definitely a thing
okay it hurts me to say that I've seen
my body more bloody than this like this
has happened before in real life yeah
that's what happens when you're El Pollo
Loco
ah I guess you know what to do oh my
gosh oh my gosh you're big guys this is
gonna be made oh my this is our first
time meeting what we do
yeah it really isn't but that's okay and
that's a job oh I'm sorry I'm done with
this I'm sorry acting Brett I'm just out
here acting bro sorry you're stuck I'm
stuck okay
I'm free acting oh okay okay yeah I
didn't mean to do that
Cameron please telling you okay he's
okay guys
sometimes when I'm acting I try to like
surprise myself and do stuff this like
really instinctual it helps to keep the
scene like fresh
I knew it that's what's like fun to me
like discovering new things and so uh
that's at what point am I gonna be able
to clean the blood off oh yeah I'm fine
yo who keeps putting this thing in here
bro come on what is this thing bro why
why who keeps putting this here I'm on
the goopy she's gonna be watching me
I'm leaving now
I'm just gonna go for the door
lunchtime like I said though I'm like I
could slowly just feel myself crashing
I'm just kidding
but I am exhausted oh nothing makes you
lunch tastes better than just a fresh
hand of blood and I just lesson I'm not
gonna do that uh sometimes in life you
just gotta push past it you know uh I
just need anyone seen that will just hit
me across the face and wake up wake up
blog and wake up ah yeah hair off fleek
son of a but how I'm falling asleep
again do you ever feel like a plastic
bag drifting through the wind yeah
that's a can okay so the word on the
street is that the two riders those two
girls have fallen asleep on set let me
tell you something bad idea I'm sleepy
and I can't sleep
neither can you Hey look dump the
dummies go on no no oh god that means
you somewhere else you gotta find it
don't problem yo where's the dummy it
moves around damn it it wait what by
itself that's a whole nother issue
yup this works this is gonna be one of
the best pranks all season I guarantee
it and we're definitely getting fired
dude no joke this thing this creepy doll
thing like it chases me bro it watches
me pee on me in the bathroom yeah bro
damn it damn it
it's not here well I saw in the bathroom
this bathroom are there so I bet it's on
stage too I'm so freakin AMRO sleeping
all day the costume girls now finally
I'm gonna use this creepy doll to my
advantage here bro I don't like knowing
that this thing is just out there
someone we're gonna scare Selina and
Marissa it's gonna be the best prank
ever
he's on it
where the where are we she's a singer
path oh my god this is so creepy I want
to hold the dummy over her face straight
up to their face to face okay and then
I'll set the camera and we go three two
one and then we both scream yeah so
that'll wake her up
then when she wakes up she'll see this
guy head she'll freeze yeah I am snow
you aren't you just open your eyes and
sauce you woke yourself up what woke you
up
seems let me stare at me how did you
know you weren't sleeping I wanted as I
was dreaming I'm so sad but I was so
close yeah we got to get Redemption we
got to scare someone else
we'll just go ahead and leave this in
yeah I feel like a little boy just lost
the Pinewood Derby why husband like not
being able to scare like everyone loves
a good good girl I'm just out here
acting world
you're not gonna panic you're gonna get
ants lit let's do this
what think he's doing things hey did you
get the thing out of thing hey hey let
me put the camera right in front of the
safe I had to open when I get this mob
karma ha ha nose we just found it
just cut that out don't include that yes
super embarrassing we've been shooting
I've been shirtless the whole time and
they're longer I stand sad - cold air
gets in the colder it gets the harder my
nipple see that this is not a drill this
one's not as bad so we chose hey by the
way if you're a dude and you're watching
this vlog so sorry man don't know what
to tell you a rap that is a rapper but
I'm not a rapper I'm not a rapper I've
missed you
hi baby how you doing you get out of
here cone how you doing baby
how was your day baby mm-hmm good good -
mom's good - was will tired that's all
let's go home girl why you say this is
dirt dirt dirt dirt dirt to put it the
dirt hello is anyone home okay ain't no
better feeling than coming home to an
empty house am i right am i right am i
right
guys I'm exhausted I'm not gonna lie but
I got something to say here we go I am
flying to Boston to go to the Forbes 30
under 30 summit where I will see one of
my best friends in the entire universe
we are presenting on the Harvard
Business stage that's right Harvard
Harvard the college and we are
presenting after this guy whose name is
Michael Zell yeah Michael Wow he is uh
an Olympian why may you you guys know
who Michael Phelps is and lastly I
dropped a trailer for my new show Logan
Paul versus on my main channel my name
is Logan Paul and I am here to be the
best
to lead your door in the world I will be
your coach today I want to uh survive
the wilderness thank you guys for
watching I'm going to sign up a little
bit early for the night gotta sleep on
the plane I'm exhausted don't forget to
subscribe give that like button a big ol
thumbs up thank you guys for watching
today mention until the end of the video
I love you and I will see you tomorrow
peace oh my god I'm a disaster I'm a
walking disaster oh this is your first
time seeing yourself wow I'm still a
joke though
