good morning everyone the local time is
543 a.m. and I can't help but wonder why
am I the only one up wake up Bollywood
good morning maverick mmm ah yeah not so
loud today huh you can't handle the
early morn
what'd you say so besides that little
parrot up there is one other person I
know there's up right now bro haha who
are you up right now bro
the grind it don't stop boy the greatest
thing about being up this early in
Hollywood is nothing it sucks
what are you eating ah Dunkin Donuts
good call I like that a lot
get in my belly hey bye first order of
business
horny fruit morning how are you full Hey
is this breakfast yes what's up good
morning man I am the king at breakfast
can I do a breakfast burrito bacon ago
cheese bacon egg and cheese sounds good
man oh I'm gonna bring you guys tray to
reversal I can't get breakfast gonna
have breakfast after but I won't fuck
with now wait you haven't pulled the
girls yet Singaporean you think forever
nah I'm going to eat I'm back at the
food okay are you sure Real Talk listen
I'm coming I'm come here's the thing
about rehearsal honestly it's just food
food it just fufu I'm trying to eat my
breakfast
I'm Geneva brings Logan we gotta
rehearse the scene rehearse my breakfast
that's how I am he's getting cold and I
was getting cold I know for a fact my
breakfast burritos getting cold where's
my burrito have you seen my burrito grab
some breakfast with me
hang out again with my burrito no is
that my burrito oh thanks man
there's a gun oh yeah yeah okay okay I
got my food you guys have not seen the
other vlog I got my own pod bro look at
this I'm living large son okay now I
know what you're thinking Logan is the
burrito cold and I'm here to tell you oh
absolutely not it is so good mm-hmm this
burrito single-handedly could warm an
impoverished village in Africa oh oh
thank you burrito gods I appreciate you
those are your clothes if I show up
naked is this a problem a little bit but
that's on you
I I wanna do it all right I don't think
hmm as I walked to go get makeup I can't
help but wonder why is this character
where the cheesiest outfits brother he's
a badass you should be wearing a bandana
and a bulletproof vest no I got this
thing I don't even know what this is I
need you to do me a favor can you make
me beautiful it's a lot of work that's
it yeah great how do I look
whoo-hoo-hoo I don't mind this bro yeah
you can handcuff me all you like Brown
thanks for the pity laughter oh I
appreciate it I wish my jokes are funny
I'm just a blogger
this is Andrew guys see awesome is
flowing on fook Rho makes me jealous
every time I believe up I believe I can
touch the sky think about it every night
and day spread my wings and fly away
my wings and fly to it hey hey
so I'm leaving what do we have here
okay okay props no judge I swear to God
if you touch this crowd coming from you
come walk in here scared with my life
right now I thought it was a joke at
first you know what since I know this is
not a real school I'm a kala I'm called
BS on these stairs where do these go
I knew it dude I knew it this is BST I
know it man these stairs are rolls all
right no more games
I'm gonna go say what's up to the extras
what's up guys oh okay you see two
thought out of go to Hawaii I knocked
over a second so I want to get that
beach bad wanna get nice and sexy so you
bet your ass I'll be hitting the gym
tonight tonight why do I keep doing
oh I'm in a message there to go nobody
does
anyways I'll be going to the gym oh my
god this vlog is a disaster if I were
you I'd unsubscribe at this point I
don't think you have a choice I'm like
I'm like next-level bored right now so
we're gonna do a little skit this is a
girl arguing with another girl there's
me sweetie yeah you this whole operation
you got going on here it's bullshit okay
that's not how girls argue that's that's
what you're trying to tell me right now
listen I've seen girls all you wouldn't
exactly want anything wrong god I'm
going crazy in this little pot oh god no
it's Nair well peach never hurt nobody
unless it has parasites that would suck
oh that you're doing what they call here
a table read where we get around the
table and do what you guessed it read I
don't know probably no big young why are
you downplaying this you've been itching
to build something since Josh and now
you have it in it's no big deal
when L saw me in Canada in a
compromising position you turn to a wax
figure let Andi on and air six and a
half hours later day-to-day flee they
for one eternity later three hours later
junu horrible time cards see you later
cat yeah later
picture this two dudes some rocky road
football talk and ragging on Andy for
being the third wheel
what can't say that asked me for
proactively crap I let a broth gotta go
walk my tank yeah look I see
late as usual
oh my god
you look like a disaster you're the
hottest mess I've ever seen hi Wow damn
- smash smash yeah yeah yeah one
question okay oh my gosh oh my God look
how they over drew my lips it looks like
I you're the hottest mess I've ever sad
Kylie Jenner no no the best Kylie Jenner
would just my Brittany say goodbye
her friend today you did so well
did I I just wanted to make out you
whole time alright squad I'm gonna kick
this chair for emphasis time to go back
home
on my way home I was so tired right now
and I don't really want to live
but sometimes in life you got to do
things you don't want it to baby that is
how you get better so I'm gonna go to
the gym even though I'm tired but first
I got a little something mail it's
actually right here I would set the
camera on top of it let's check it out
my agency sends me gifts surprise gifts
all the time
let's see what it is oh paper so much
paper yeah oh my bet is a sweatshirt and
pants no real talk though these are dope
dude I'll become a zebra with these and
Frasure matching top yes please put me
in logan paul AKA zebra man yes I'll
take it you guys today we got thinking I
pull it off let me call zebra man up
well maybe there's armored body no help
they also sent me this duffel bag with
zebra backpack yeah oh my gosh this is
actually sick dude I'm all right this is
it guys it's over I'm giving up my life
as a human and I'm becoming a zebra it
was a good life I want to thank my mom
my dad my brother Jake hey guys it's me
Logan coming at you live from my phone
because my camera just broke yep fell
right there I don't know how the footage
looks hopefully it's usable the point is
my camera's broken so I gotta go get a
new one tomorrow here's what that taught
me um in life you can't always win you
can try of course but you just cannot
always win huh
all right guys so that sucks but good
news I have a roommate his name is 'more
he's let me use his camera no there is
right there
I was this close about an inch close to
just chucking my camera at the wall and
ending the vlog there cuz all my gym
footage is gone but then I stopped
myself and I said Logan wait a second
there could still be hope I go in my
house I'm running around and I spy with
my little eye the box to the camera that
I bought and I look inside yeah yeah you
see this yes who was smart enough to buy
the 365 day warranty not me just kidding
I did that
I did that never in my life have I ever
bought a warranty for anything no who
does that Oh seventy dollars for a year
warranty ha I'm not gonna break my
camera only idiots break their camera
right oh I do today what does that make
me an idiot never lose hope always give
warranties I'm going to the store
tomorrow gonna buy a new camera thank
you guys for watching as per usual I
will see you tomorrow mark thanks for
let me borrow your camera my god good
night guys peace
fuck is downstairs and he just sent us a
photo of this guy that looks like me
oh we're identical
