good morning
fill in the kanji puberty fill in the
blank guys because as you know we're
choosing our family name our squad name
so comment what you think we should call
ourselves the big deal guys gonna stink
it's gonna stick crap some of the
options are you or we got the studs the
savages the Mavs Logan nuts Logan night
the Logue army
Logan's Legion my personal favorite low
gasp so keep commenting what do you
think we should call ourselves because
after all it is up to you today we got a
fun day let's get you Hollywood the
first thing I know that it's happening
is I'm going to a photo shoot for the
YouTube red show that I'm currently
shooting called a foursome basically I
just go pose and do my bang and they
take pictures it's called a key art
shoot key r2 it's it's uh the photos
that you use for like posters and
billboards that's about me
let's go see what Mavericks doing
maverick the parrot for those you who
don't know let's go good morning - two
bucks
Wow what I'm not calling yourselves that
that's just not cool and dumb we're not
calling ourselves the mad because as I
devour this delicious Gainesville
let me tell you guys about some updates
that are happening in the life of me
lucky dogs on Tuesday of next week - is
dog Tuesday's vlog next week will
feature a special guest he is one of my
favorite human beings on planet Earth so
I'm excited for that
Wednesday's vlog with this human being
I'm actually travelling to Boston
Massachusetts and travelling is always
so much fun for me because I get to do
crazy wild Shh the point it's gonna be a
good time let's go see what's happening
on set hey guys hey good morning good
morning good morning everybody
oh these are great so we're gonna be
doing here you're gonna start off with a
high school portrait yeah great are we
taking pics in here yeah Wow oh yeah
this room will be blessed with sexy
today no doubt about it
wait oh we really aren't thinking we
really are taking us oh say yo you look
great in these photos bro oh right
ladies gentlemen I'm about to get
changed into my clothes I'm looking like
a vampire in this life oh boy a pale guy
simply mm screens a little dirty look at
this okay looks good god dammit another
polo
who's putting me in this polos dude I'm
not a polo guy that's not my thing
I look like a little schoolboy chachi
boom you're shooting on my co-star right
now I'm on next oh my gosh I hope I
don't get naked accidentally
the world is gonna roll me I ain't the
sharpest tool in the shed she was wow
wow I wonder how these look compared to
my actual senior photos right here with
me in general for my model browser holy
Sh what wow this thing dude why bro what
do you name this thing what's the
weirdest thing ever man no I hate this I
hate this I hate that so much dude I
hate him he's balding more hey this
thing creeps me out so much and you guys
place him you just put him around set so
I would be walking all the sudden this
thing is looking at me man
I had a pee next to him once
he saw my wiener bro you got beef huh
bro we can settle this right now kiss me
on the mouth whoa great quotes in
history no man is good enough to govern
any woman without her consent unless of
course you just grabbed by the bus makes
me sigh shots fired
son it's a job don't do that gentlemen
Jesus we're doing group picks right now
and up let's go let's go hashtag the
hashtag hey now
get the show on get me Oh way to go
Logan screwing up the whole picture oh
snap
these look good bro these look good look
at the friendship the kinship I said it
before and I'll say it again
what am i a model row or a mile a garden
can heal ourselves you can people a
little Mexican girl convinced me hey
what's up let's kidnap Logan's camera so
the blog's getting real you guys want to
know what a real blocks like that's
after you've got a high outset I want to
see you supposed to be doing this motion
right now but I'm like nah I don't need
to now covert operation sneak up on
Logan really he's looking for us no
kidding I ate this clip oh let's go
don't know cause you can't see it look
how big I look at you maybe next year
I'm uploading yesterday's vlog which by
the way family name guys don't forget
comment below what you think we should
call our family name what's gonna be low
gang Logan off-road army Logan's legions
of lads and legendary lady oh that's a
tongue twister
Logan Knight slow knots Andy I already
said that I think I don't know that
point is it's a big deal cuz it's gonna
last us for my entire vlog life which
I've said it before I'll say it again
which Hill you're good that though I'm
reading through the comments on
yesterday's vlog and I'm just seeing
what you guys want to call ourselves a
lot of low ganks I'm not gonna lie lot
of low gangs there's also a lot of
Brogan's but the thing with the guys the
Brogan's is like can we call like the
girls in our family too broke like bros
like imma get a weird Brogan's the low
gang the Logan odds uh uh a lot of
people also want a vlog dude but like
how would I say it like what's up vlog
dudes like and again the girls guys the
girl can't forget about the girls they
take a 50% this war can a girl be a
Brogan I don't know can a girl be a vlog
dude okay oh okay this is why I love
reading
guys comics you guys are the best ideas
ever and by the way I do read your
comments and I replied like 5 to 10 of
them every every vlog mr. Big B says
don't use your hand to end the vlog use
your hair like before that is such a
good idea bro what did I think of that
like I usually end the vlog like this
but I got a nice awesome head of hair so
now I'm gonna do this oh my god I love
it
yes mr. Big B Thank You Man
I'm definitely a Walker Bravo what can I
say bro I've been walking for a while
now gotta be 121 years now by dr. block
you want gamers week bro my mark game is
shown bro no that's weak bro I'm the
best Walker ever we just proved it yeah
we just proved it my walking is lit dude
I'm the best Walker here hands down I'm
the best walking on and uh unrelated
walking no I just got a text from an
unknown number that said are you and
Gary at the game let's take advantage of
the situation and I wrote you out here
and this person said well go Gators
there are any storms this time except
the wet kind and then I didn't know what
to say choice I went for for you oh they
just respond it thank you for taking one
for me what oh god I feel bad for this
person they think I'm someone I'm not
anyways uh let's continue walking yeah
oh these are so cute
my co-stars thinking Jen is a better
warrior than me come on appreciate and
I'm the best Walker on the booth Walker
what is so special about this like that
no one walks better than me no help you
walk yourself to death - hey I'm
quitting hey Jake I talk to you for
saying what no it's like off record okay
everyone was like uh it was like like
cheering and like commenting about how
good you are
yeah and like I just feel like you're
trying to stay on my toes
laughing I feel like I feel like you're
stepping on my toes a little bit because
like I'm probably the best Walker here
and like everyone's like saying things
about my if everyone's saying that I'm a
good Walker then I guess I'm better than
you like him it's not good
Repton limited supplies but worse I
think what else right use anything like
some of your wallets fine it's fine
okay it's fine in school hey cool thanks
for talking thank you take your time
yeah okay I'll see you soon all right
I'm gonna kill someone rose okay I'm
gonna add someone's like hey Logan kill
someone now is my time to shine and show
everyone that I'm the best Walker here I
don't play no games
ain't no monopoly here boy I know sorry
yeah I don't know what happened back
there uh I guess I just felt threatened
you know they say can you walk the walk
and talk the talk I can be both I can
especially walk the walk and today I was
just a threat I was threatened so I
bounced haha it's a joke it was all joke
guys I we were done shooting for the day
so I was able to go and also Jen and I
planned we planned everything at me
could you tell - yeah Frank fini haha
never gets old
it really doesn't you know I say never
but I actually have no idea I've only
been here two years
how about actually been in this place
but when you I don't know what I'm
talking about actually you already know
what time it is cuz mark yeah it is 648
no yes but Jim job Saturday night baby
and this is how I chose to spend it what
my friends have Jordan me we are all
here to make each other better today and
push each other I'm gonna start with the
good old-fashioned Ellen ethical so
let's do it
first fifty minutes away
let's grind
get a chance get a chair that's my booth
that's my boy putting your work get it
get stronger I will Jam to Bieber any
day of the week
oh yes war this is how you're killing me
take your bread for to my ass yeah yeah
at the camera on me when the cameras on
you automatically children
yeah it's fine urge is a thing and
having at home
not gonna lie on the got a I got my
number but I need to go harder what is
he doing what is this man doing this is
not legal in the United States huh yeah
I like to work out my friends who are
stronger than me
cuz it's uh it's me be stronger you know
this is the four minute bicep
terrorizing death session that is tri
just gave it that name uh you'll see why
it's practically impossible let's do it
whoo whoo yeah boys in the Bison take me
back to high school by Saturday wow I
missed a high school vocab de vascular
whoo that's a big word bro all right
peace that is it for today's vlog thank
you for watching it was a good day bad
some fun on set
had some fun walking uh you know I did
it better than anyone else there got a
sexy workout in feeling good feeling
sweaty so good thing we're gonna name
ourselves guys what do we what do we do
we are we are we lo gang yo so I'll give
you guys examples ready yo what's up
good morning lo Gangji blah blah blah
blah what up Brogan's we are here in the
club and the pop hizzy what are my
legion like Logan's legion of legendary
lads and ladies
Logan Knights was poppin so many options
so many options guys I might do a
Twitter poll actually ah see so we can
actually like see voting wise what is
the best and it was comment below what
you think we should call ourselves I
will see you guys tomorrow take it easy
don't forget how I'm gonna end the vlog
I remembered it here we go
bye guys first let me just give a little
lecture about ice cream ice cream is uh
it's not the best for you sort of
unhealthy bad for your skin so I'm not
going to get it god damn it
