hola peeps that Spanish fellow it's 7:00
a.m. I got 5 hours of sleep which is 6
more hours that I needed let's go see
what's back I just want to say it I'm
actually lost man I feel like I'm about
to die in fact Oh a nice book Spanish
say we're out here
most definitely out here on Hollywood
Boulevard about to get some breakfast
they say it's the most important meal of
the day I say false every meal is the
most important meal of the day let's get
some food there she is in the log she's
excited while she has spectacular
breasts what selfie with me oh ho sure I
try not to look at her boobs
sure sure crazy thank you awesome
awesome bye I tried so hard
hey they're just they're so nice you
guys probably think I'm a creep got me
some breakfast
yeah what did you get Oh a parfait uh
well actually it's a Gainesville smells
delightful do you want some uh no that's
okay you sure I'm sure
it smells delightful okay yeah I know
it's delicious mmm
confirmed delightful okay bye bye you're
gonna regret having the Gainesville poor
life decision on her and uh right now we
are in a vo voiceover animation editing
house because I'm doing some voiceover
for my show Logan Paul vs. basically I
just face off against a bunch of
reckless the show's crazy I wrestled a
bear that gives you a little taste of it
what's the deal we got to go in this
little voiceover booth we're both gonna
try and fit in this book Betty come on
Bennett bro there's no room in here
we're gonna be here for like literally
six hours Bennett how we gonna do this
bro before I get into the hotbox with
another man specifically that man right
there that's the hotbox
we're gonna watch we're gonna watch them
on the episodes I'm gonna give you guys
a little sneak peek this particular
episode is local Paul versus stunt men
that's right do my own stunts
oh my gosh what a savage look at this
guy
Oh Logan oh you target again god I gotta
stop being such a cocky chach I think
we're ready to do some video let's do it
shut the door and I'm officially locked
in a box with another man for the next
two hours sweet she's gonna be down
there the whole day bro that makes this
whole the whole thing literally three
times as weird as it needs to be but I
had no other choice than to leave the
life I love behind and survive in the
wilderness for the next 48 hours alone
by myself are you i I'm doing a
voiceover all right who could this be
hello important enough to ruin my
voice-over session I don't even have a
credit card oh my god damn bro I'm a hot
blur my fish no way bro in fact let's
punch in
a lot of times life comes out of nowhere
but even nowhere has to be somewhere
before it comes out that's just science
hahahaha I make myself giggle a lot it's
a problem I'm seeing a therapist no get
it get come back all because of my
addiction to cellphones I had no other
choice than to leave the life I love
behind survive the wilderness for the
next 48 hours alone it's always weird
hearing yourself but I'm happy with it
it's a nice fun time good time that was
Logan Paul versus wilderness I survived
in the wilderness for 48 hours
key word survived cuz I'm still here
Bret I'm a survivor
I won't go getta I'm all fella I don't
know that where I thought a few moments
later back at the crib oh it's always
nice being locked in a hot box with
another man for four hours now I'm gonna
go meet up with a few friends so let's
go I'm vlogging don't read my blog go
say goodbye
$10,000 cash your vlog is in the water
bro right now I got care right here bro
what is that what are you doing that
ain't no way those legs are sexy look
like a sexy yo do you have any extra
baklava for you bro we'll make me some
tonight yeah but yeah but right now bets
right now it's not a thing
hey you go roll you got a little left
it's mine I see you badge I need it bro
did you
use right six more days so I get your
iPhone 7 how many days left
oh we got four days I think I think you
guys all three right here gonna win what
I'm always going with a convenient a
they literally have no chance it's
unbelievable ah what heard that bro
impossible turn the camera way doesn't
mean I can't hear but talking good bro
you threw a grape in this girl's head oh
no probably cause you hit her in the eye
dude here it was great to screw notes
all the ladies batch will throw grapes
are you making fra grape juice that was
a pretty bad throw you reach for it and
you try have seconds later oh they're
here going to the gym not really 100%
feeling like it but sometimes in life
you got to do things you don't want to
do you want to be successful you got to
do things you don't have to do like make
out with your bird I don't want to do
that but I'm going to mark mark
gotcha pam pam is my mother's name just
so you know one two oh I didn't come to
three yeah mark I got your tongs really
no you did it
no no you did not no I missed it cuz I
was too busy vlogging my light no more
I'm sad I missed the shooting star one -
oh sorry
I threw it Oh mark bro never gonna make
it in FL like that you want a back
massage - I'll be down a sec my G no
chance no chance you actually saw so why
would I lie about that why would I be
looking up bro I don't at you and just
yo my guys are happen bro it just
doesn't happen a much longer bro look at
the reflection in my eyes and then maybe
you'll catch on camera
I'm like bring his face up fullscreen
there's a reflection I'm gonna make this
gym call me daddy today let's do this
sometimes I'm really tired I'll go ahead
and Meowth gives me the strength of the
line I mean the tiger lies on a cat okay
I'm leaving
mmm hmm mmm mmm a solid poop at the gym
today indeed I want to give a shout out
to my buddy Travis from back home he
shot me a text today he's like yo I
watched yesterday's vlog I noticed he
didn't hit the gym I'm like oh
javis you notice he's like ill you got
to get in the gym you got to work it bro
I'm like ah so I want to challenge you
guys to go out and inspire someone in
some way shape or form whether it's
literally just shooting them attacks
whether it's like convincing them to go
finish that homework assignment or go to
the gym whatever it is something that is
gonna make them better inspired by you
hashtag inspiration am i right all right
guys love and Paul signing off thank you
for watching and don't forget to
subscribe I will see you guys tomorrow
peace but I demand in it should be DJ
boom that is right guys I have four four
four iphones here iPhone 6 16 gigabyte
silver iPhone 7 32 gigabytes in matte
black iPhone 7 128 gigabytes in rose
gold and the big dog that had nacho the
top dog I put seven matte black 256
gigabytes mwah
