good morning guys time is 4:20 6 a.m.
however this vlog is a little different
because although I am saying good
morning I actually have yet to go to bed
so I'm gonna go to sleep now and then
we'll start the vlog when I wake up in
the morning ok now for sure hey guys
it's the morning time and it is a 10:03
a.m. the more you get to know me the
more you will get to know that I don't
really sleep we got a fun day ahead of
us mark started the day off with a lot
of water bottled water there take that
water mark look at its beautiful day
let's go get the day started
whoops thanks you like them uh no no
absolutely not the slippers are mine you
cannot have them your birdie cake
flippers don't be down I'm on FaceTime
with my father I'm gonna cook some lunch
for the for the people imma show how to
cook problem is I don't know how to cook
what do you recommend yeah you're right
you're right good good idea I don't know
what I was thinking okay you're right
you're right then thanks for the help
and support in my life love you thank
you just hung up on me you you're kind
of an adult I see you such as all things
he went to the - the little coffee store
on the street and sipped coffee myself
this morning
listen dude you're the only adult we
have in the house alright you got to
help us cook some food o j1 Logan tries
to cook lunch mark is my only hope teach
me what I gotta do
counting the chicken up into smaller
pieces like this like cuts your cooking
time way in half where do you learn this
kind of thing bro um College they teach
you that what college
what is College oh I know what college
is ah yeah not my fault I dropped out
after a year I almost forgot but that
was ah what is this what is this it's so
the chicken doesn't stick interesting
yeah I'm learning oh I've been in charge
of making the eggs mark I won't let you
down I don't
I'm very picky about my eggs I know
someone do this right what Oh No they're
an you broke the oh I really messed that
one I'll do damn it
you had one job admit that was a pro
move dude as a solid crack here MODOK
power moves only I do have a question
yeah can you hit him with the one-handed
crack I don't know this that sounds
difficult try ah nope no chance bro
amateur hour I know I don't want to ruin
the whole meal I kind of did it let's
see what you're talking with here we go
so the reason you put them in small
piece oh you hear that sizzle whoa four
minutes the cook versus like eight
minutes to cook and we're all about time
optimization here in the social media
world ain't nobody got that ain't nobody
got time today glad we're back to
cooking instead of eating pizza yeah but
the pizza was good I gotta say bro
actually dude the fact that you said
that actually just makes me sad bro
chicken and I got my beef all the UH
chicken is on there
a clue oh no I may not know much but I
do know how to do this okay watch watch
oh you didn't you didn't do it right
way too much pressure lighten the
pressure that was my first time slow and
turn turn turn start there he goes oh
you go to the side and you press it
against ah oh ah oh my gosh mark I'm
thankful for you in my life no I got you
bro as a as the adult in this house it's
my duty to show you the ropes on living
if we could get you to clean sometimes
that'd be great
what does this click what is it clean
them or do you say yeah yeah so it's
this thing you never the thought never
heard of it I don't know what that is
all jokes aside guys come on I know how
to cook chicken I'm an adult I know the
big eggs
you just failed making the eggs and you
didn't cook the chicken I just need help
I wish the foreman you share with dirty
I keep it on and I wet it paper towel
and to clean it you're screwing this a
wet paper towel mark and that cleans it
then you drag oh my
ah shoot these these cooking life hacks
are amazing mark honestly dude as long
as you have a mark you don't need to go
to college yeah I'm proud of you Logan
yeah thanks this is my Redemption time
ready I told you guys I'm not joshing I
know they know how to cook eggs I know
how to put them on plate okay
the Hollis degree don't eat it I'm a
days ha what do you do next what are you
getting excellent you clean the pan
right now that's part of adulthood is it
I don't like this bro bro we did good
today
yeah and we we I mean like we made a
good meal like check this out oh and I
also want to remind you guys iPhone 7
giveaway there it is you can win what a
moment of truth let's see how I did
um why am i mixing I shouldn't do that
bro my leg oh fuck I like chickens
horrible bro bro it's cold it's so bad
it's cold
you suck Mark you Mark Toner I hate you
ah is so bad it's just dry and sad it's
been sitting right a few moments later
right now we're going to my brother's
house he's doing this thing called
Sunday Funday if it's not fun it was not
fun Jake I'm coming for you boy coming
for you breathe what is this move this
is my car yo move your car I'm just
kidding I know that girl actually a
funny story funny story about this girl
how do we know each other
Highschool my first-ever girlfriend ever
we're both from Ohio and now we're in
Cali and she's still parking in front of
me just like the good old days I don't
have you guys have seen my car but this
is the love of my life look at this the
purple passion Beauty purple Paisley
amazing amazing oh and the best part
look at the license plate bro it's semi
makes me a choch having that license
plate but semis like that's kind of a
cool thing though so I'm walking bro oh
my gosh look at that beauty look at that
beauty right there that is a sexy car
are you good go at my brother's house
Jake Paul Jake doesn't know Beth is
coming and they know each other Jake
Jake was around when I was dating Beth
for a bit of time so it's gonna be a
nice little surprise what if he's not
surprised at all what if he does is no
reaction because Jake is like I don't
know like it's not easy to impress
I bet he won't care at all we're going
to show you what I was going to show you
No all the way from Ohio bro you know
look it triggered their bonding
honestly the partner was a bit too much
for her Logan so I came in the bathroom
to hang out I decided I couldn't do the
party so I came into a Jake's room
surprise J come in your room and I see a
ladder leading up to potentially the
roof so let's do this oh oh yes I'm
doing it uh-huh okay okay if I fall
it'll make a great love oh yo what are
you doing oh this is dope this is sick
and my brother has a sick house this is
awesome
are you okay don't fall please but if
you do at least let me get on camera
wow wow this is awesome they probably
get some savage tans up here I could
really use that especially on my pale
shaven leg oh it's disgusting
I only shave one leg it's bad yo yo yo
yo catch me can you see me bro I'm gonna
jump catch me will you catch me if I
fall I good talk buddy I'll see you
later I hate everybody turn around so I
can get a dope thumbnail you're helping
me get a good thumbnail thank you people
gonna click the video cuz you feel my
legs
I don't know anyone else what's up man I
know this guy I do it best is allergic
to pineapple
all right
the camera colors people right now
that's a camera lens
I see them their computer oh there they
are
alright guys twelve seconds later back
in the dark
Logan Georgie I'm here I'm here
what blood just in your face holy
guacamole you ever have like those
moments where like for no reason you
just get so tired
that's what happen to me man okay
snoozing right now Jesus oh I gotta wake
up huh Sunday's are perfect for like Ian
we've all done this with you gets just
sucked into YouTube just watching the
dumbest things on planet Earth here I'm
watching animals bite each other so this
is kind of interesting check this out
Jaguar reverse crocodile full nervous
system cuz that all might look at look
at that Jaguar beat up this little
alligator that's a meal that he's taking
away to have yeah got his convenience
guy you said it alright I'm done I'm
done watching animals fight each other
okay I actually have stuff to do yeah
that's right done me sup in the deep
hole that is the Internet and oh snap
octopus versus shark Oh Ron shark run
shark you gotta do something get out of
there bro he's sucking you with a
tentacle I'm in too deep man I'm I've
been watching way too many animals fight
each other tonight I'm done I'm done
with this so we're going to get food
also this jacket doubles as a parachute
which is cool we always have like daily
dilemma where to get food what do we
decide I'm still deciding but we're
walking in the directions up still
decide to eat pizza got pizza or melt
melt like grilled cheeses no cheese
cheeseburger so many options mine came
to this place with uh come on
damnit who meant we did good dude lunch
you walked on it I hate you doesn't eat
my sweet potato fries those are super
healthy right the other day it's all
about personalities yeah and how many
chocolate chip cookies you can eat which
I'm gonna flag online I can set a world
record for that you think you love
chocolate chip cookies you go okay are
you listening you don't I love them get
his son get his son get his son dance
like no one's watching there it is good
moves will work with you later after a
night of watching animals fight each
other and eating a delicious burger and
a cookie I'm signing off for today I
will see you guys tomorrow
thank you for watching don't forget to
subscribe bye guys food minute I should
be DJ boom that is right guys I have
four four four iphones here iPhone 6 16
gigabyte silver iPhone 7 32 gigabytes in
matte black iPhone 7 128 gigabytes in
rose gold and the big dog the head
honcho
the top dog I put seven matte-black 256
gigabytes mwah
