okay whoa hmm there you go Logan hmm
take me a little bit to wake up take me
a little bit make up I'm doing it here
we go ha ha good morning guys how you
doing today is a fun day today's no no
no today is an awesome day one my first
movie ever the thinning came out today
well by the time you're watching this
vlog will be yesterday so I'm spending
the whole day promoting that to my
friends from China are coming over right
now we're gonna go to breakfast and I
hear they have some gifts me some
Chinese snacks okay I'll take it three I
got into like some some beef with like
Lady Gaga fans like it's it's pretty
gnarly and bad so I'm gonna explain the
disaster that happened there and for
finally I am going to a place called
prehistoric pets tonight reptiles and
lizards and alligators and all sorts of
animals that will kill you in any which
way possible yeah I'm trying to stick my
head inside the alligator's mouth you
guys down because that's like that's my
personal girl haha just kidding he kill
me with his mouth needless to say you
can feel the energy you can see it
hopefully I transfer some of this to you
welcome to my life let's get the day
started
I just ran from there today good morning
maverick hi
well ah great how'd you sleep what
wonderful yeah oh really
ah there's a pinion but ladies and
gentlemen if you're thinking about
getting a parrot I need you to know
something that you things like you
everything's look at look at you destroy
the door maverick you did this you did
this
this door will never be fixed it will
never be the way it was cuz of this
orange little bird you can't hide
maverick Jen Jen Jen Jen where are you
children gone there it is look at him
looking all Chinese and stuff janessa
what's up buddy good morning
oh oh oh yeah here we go here we go Jen
and Logan out on the streets man going
to eat breakfast fit in these beats man
so hot so far so fresh yeah baby all I
do is mess with
winners I'm a winner winner chicken
dinner oh my gosh
ro liar Shen came all the way from
Shanghai right Shanghai and Beijing we
got practically the whole country of
China right here guys and me look at me
I'm for China too I'm gonna give them a
little taste of American food back back
farmer's belly let's go when I went to
China we went he took me to the Great
Wall and we took a pic check it out Chen
and I uh pretty pretty tight me huh
what I need chugging robot I'm basically
Chinese yeah yeah I'm very spirited yeah
yeah avocado toast yeah I'm gonna eat
this avocado toast like it's my job
Chen why are you eating a hamburger with
a fork bro you don't know how to eat a
hip
though I gotta teach you you want to
learn ro pick up the hamburger both
sides like this like look at me Sam fail
there goes that's gripping on both sides
wow you are so American right now well
the final item on my breakfast list oh
my gosh
Oh God is this even legal bro
bro what'd you think of the American
breakfast perfect addition the listed
this is maverick petrol say what's up
Nihal come on Merrick oh there it is he
said it see this is interesting I wonder
if he's understanding he understands bro
he understand oh Jesus mother oh yo you
guys are bonding well that is amazing
watch ah that's my boy that's my boy
what ah Chen brought me snacks with
Stroh no I you can pop bottles all night
baby you can whatever you like hey you
guys I'm done okay you see the death
okay just okay jump it down in the down
okay I do this I love all over you yeah
ro that's cuz I hit the dab like oh oh
hi guys my China friends are leaving
i'ma miss you bro I miss you I'm
addicted China my mom said I could my
mom said I could do it when I was a kid
and I still believe I cared how I'm
gonna do it
well hiney why
I don't know what happened apparently my
house became like a meeting ground for
everyone Rob well you probably not what
are you doing here but only not why we
were about here
there is no Meetup no home was he go
home is he he's fixing everyone y'all
having a costume party now get out of my
house all of a sudden my day jumped
ahead in time a couple hours and I'm
having it would what does this guy do it
I hear his Lance Stewart throwing up on
my balcony he thrown up I hear boom okay
I just making sure I wish I could tell
him about that blog life and say you
wouldn't know this but Lance you do know
this vlog like it's my saying bro I go
to a go
I'm vlog you're grown I'm vlogging you
wouldn't know this I mean you do know it
you know what every year the rugged what
do you holder to ten yeah she change it
yeah yeah I don't know what were yelling
about that vlog let bro everyone knows
that you lose sympathy when you vlog
everyone knows where you going nothing
Wow
damn it feels good to be against by
Andrew that's right his real name's
Andrew
what did you just say Lance I'm so for
the get out it's on my blog you want to
know this blog life he does an autumn
press record you're gonna know this to
read it again
we'll make it simple I will fake it for
the for the block let's go say it again
bro movie was great like it wasn't even
him so then Oh bro I love it I really
appreciate it man yeah talk to me Tommy
provide different you and me as I press
record in my vlogs skin difference
between you and me is that you have like
1.7 million subscribers I have 300,000
anyway you're growing on your own good
family's growing after a bombardment of
friends and faster Wi-Fi by the way this
dish after a bombardment of friends who
did not tell me they were coming over a
Logan you want a privacy you wanted that
it too bad and the Cable guy's hooking
me up with faster Wi-Fi Oh which by the
wedge ejected blazing fast I'm gonna do
it Internet I'm gonna eat a quick bite
and then I have a lady Gaga story that
is really quits me three things I love
in life strawberries yogurt and O's
that's right son's jumper yo oh and baby
we throw in some banana I'm so freaking
weird stop moving stop something
inappropriate so wanna talk about a
little thing that happened yesterday
involving a pop star by the name of Lady
gaga
well uh actually not so much Lady Gaga
and my blogging bro please I vlog in
maverick give me a second not so much
Lady gaga
her as her devoted fans who did I learn
yesterday just how devoted they were
homeboy let me just what let me shift
start odd this this ran by saying I love
Lady Gaga she is in my opinion like the
definition of an artist I've been a fan
of Lady gaga ever since she wanted to
ride my disco stick back in 2008 well
good morning talking about dude she
doesn't want to ride with disco Stan no
no she does she told me I want to take a
ride on your disco stick there it is
okay I'm not making this up as a content
creator I'm always trying to come up
with new ideas for content stuff that
will make you laugh right whatever it is
that will take you away from your busy
day and just enjoy the stuff that I am
putting up so uh I made it my tweet
yesterday about Lady Gaga that said Lady
Gaga is obviously only famous because
haha auto quick autocorrect her
autocorrects to Gaga and she gets free
promotion it's a joke
it's a JIT it's a joke it's a joke but
it's a joke okay I was typing haha one
day not one day happens on time I'm
typing ha and it changes to Gaga and I
just want to tell her so I made the
tweet got a lot of favorites you got a
lot of readers getting tried so funny
it's it's sort of funny it's like it's a
joke you know ha ha ha laughs the joke
to the moon within the first 30 seconds
man the Gaga army came after me bro they
came after me they came after me so hard
I'm getting tweets from gaga come here
gaga come there I'm like yo who are you
oh man why are you torturing me with
this means we did the joke the TUI I put
out with a joke ha ha yeah yeah put the
tweet up and boy did I suffer the
consequence so it started out like I'm
not gonna I start out pretty easy first
girl said oh my god no crying face Lady
Gaga is the queen she did get the joke
she get a joke but at least that was a
nice response but let me tell you these
Gaga fans died cuz here to 100 real
quick something's wrong with your face
ok I mean she is right my nose is a
little crooked if you look closely it
goes off a little bit to the right
who is he and why is it he cleaning the
Gaga's bathroom I would be honored to
clean Lady Gaga's bathroom I would drop
my whole entire life to clean this
woman's bath he's so weak do you get
your tickets bro did you get your
tickets bro huh no not to the Gaga
concert to the gods have you sold 27
million albums 300 million dollars from
tours six Grammys and won a Golden Globe
it's funny you say that I have actually
but that's the old me you don't like to
talk about it this one says nobody even
knows who you are
Oh got one to set up a pre-order hashtag
Joanne deluxe by Lady Gaga is not an
insult she was trying to sell me Lady
Gaga's album like am i I bought it and
then finally someone who was on the same
wavelength as myself made a logical
comment I don't think he hates her he
just made a dumb joke and everyone blew
it out of proportion
thank you that's all I love it don't you
blown out of proportion proportion
that's it that's what happened if but
it's like I guess I don't need to be
talking about this way do something like
this has never happened to me before so
I didn't know how to handle I know how
to handle all these fans coming at me
but you know it was cool it's cool think
unless you life experience man anyways
ah now I'm gonna go play with crocodiles
and snakes and stuff yeah it's a weird
transition uh but yeah let's go do that
whoa and I got a friend coming with me
her name's Alyssa hey babe how you done
do I know you
come on we got to get in the car we got
to get in the car get in the car so my
guy Greg who invited me as been sending
me pics all day of the of the reptiles
check it out
oh yes tub of snakes yes please and in
this picture if you look closely you'll
see the crooked ro on the pack we have
arrived we have arrived whoa whoa look
at all these Turtles so many turtles I
like turtles look at this guy look at
this guy what are you doing guys gonna
make you famous on YouTube what's your
channel name look at look at these this
tortoise is two tortoises tortoises
Turtles gorillas
I mean dinosaur
this is the coolest place I've ever been
to what kind of creature is that you
look guys it's Jake Paul yeah cuz he's a
snake cuz he's the snake good joking
listen good joke so sick oh he just
jumped he's jumping at you ELISA
he wants to mate he wants to mate ELISA
mate with him mate with the lizard oh
he's put it on the screen for you what's
up guy how you livin cuz you having a
good day buddy
what is this pain tell you what a goo
this is a dice yeah guys no joke this is
not erupt this is a full-fledged
dinosaur straight-up dinosaur what am I
looking at right now kisum okay some of
the mouth oh he just trying to bite your
face off are you cheating on me I mean
why I'm laughing like a giddy little boy
right now I'm gonna put your off physics
students to attest this is this is a
smaller what my physical fitness kettle
you're you are ripped from I'm a beast
come on man check out what am i flip do
some squats right here Joe chill chill
it's not real live snake huh that's a
rubber one cool all right nobody'll know
what are you doing what are you doing
make sure yo chill oh oh my god oh how
much is this way it's only money
listen I was going to go to the gym
today not anymore this is physical
fitness this is about 175 we're gonna
show you a 300-pound room later how's
that hum what bit twice the size man no
no chance we're getting you're doing it
bro whoa i doing down there buddy
Oh No get more reps I'm going to go into
night anymore hey Paul
no this is crazy oh it's awesome oh my
gosh come here come here let me show you
I mean interview hi this is Brian so
tell us what you do grow and tighten
what's happening right now all right so
I'm an animal freak and I kind of travel
all over the world just doing crazy
animal stuff I love it to death if you
want to check it out you can check out
snake bites TV I pitched megabytes TV
snake bites BY tes like nut bites but
place but I get bit a lot how about some
alligators stop man but yeah I like
alligators grumble hey Jay
I yeah you got anything for the Gators I
know our Legg perhaps for the Gators how
about anacondas we got a couple bite
yeah I counted down here you got
anacondas bouriette right here man blady
one these will kill you yes God not
another shuffle kill you but it hurt you
really bad yeah you know you get hurt
all the time yes I'll be okay well
you'll be fine don't worry we'll pull
them off Alyssa how you feeling right
now how you doing later on youtube the
biggest snake draped over you guys so
down how to do it man we're gonna do
that so down this is kind of cool yeah
this is an alligator right here right
it's dark Gator
this is Darth Vader in the back mouths
Gator yeah he's the one up top over here
and this is obi-wan Cook crocodile oh
you're gonna feed these guys later oh
I'm gonna do it you're gonna feed these
guys later not us we do this with time
okay you get on this stuff this is all
about you tonight man all right oh great
it's just it's been open that's cool now
listen your neck is these guys died no
bro he went in alright these guys
sometimes they'll come out and give you
a little bit of a love tap oh Jesus what
oh it's not why whoa
what does that mean electic liking well
no no no just self they'll sniff me I'll
know they like to bite a little bit
sometimes oh cool
you want to just climb in here and get
them you know what are you doing yo get
up you're a boy loco what about this yo
hold on the showdown of the century
right here whoa whoa whoa
oh you gotta be athletic bro what are
you doing yo no way you're gonna get
them out of things e I'm not gonna turn
door here she is what is happening we
gotta get her office oh there we go
this one actually seems pretty chill
yeah Chuck this is crazy but this one
right here you gotta be careful if you
get too close to its head like right
here it might tap you really and what do
you mean my tap you what does that mean
I'll bite you okay
and they love skin you know so sue see
what he's doing right there he's amazing
close the kitten it uses she's like as
soon as I get my hand close to his face
he's like thinking uh-oh mr. right huh
look Alice go these are dope
whoa you don't love to have me right in
the bowl pretty cool right pretty dope
dude I feel like he's gonna scratch me
yeah the claws are pretty sharp so yeah
but his claws aren't too bad believe it
or not all pair do what they usually
didn't wanna caught on the phone oh
you're scrappy just a thorn on a roll
what else you want we're a whole Gator
absolutely do I want to hold the kid
yeah I want to hold the game again whoa
whoa hey whoa easy boy come here easy
that's the first time I've ever been
really no ever even buy a little one
maybe it's Alyssa maybe it's cuz she's
here if you get this side where he
doesn't like yeah you can hold him like
this oh my god you can hold like this
under Connick yeah just keep this kind
of whoa
bro he's fine he's fine fine I'll do it
you convinced me this yeah if he starts
waddling up we'll grab him
what can I mean drives dude don't ya for
constrain them okay you kind of gently
bring him back into it
we're laps in between my two fingers or
some sort of hole what is that that
would be a which finger you got these
ones right here that weather is uh
that's everything an anus and then
there's a Chloe
damn it first alligator you know if you
remember times like that you know those
are really important times my first
alligator Wow whoa wait is this the big
one you were talking about this is
crystal oh my god and how does one piss
off a snake of this caliber I wouldn't
call it pissing it off on calling it
just maybe making it feel like it's
validity yeah give us some sense of fear
sense of fear
I'm in charge that's the problem yeah
exactly oh my what is this
just keep it up keep it up for back up
the other one twister yeah you know you
get underneath Oh
and I'm gonna put this over you you were
all are you joking this isn't really oh
my Wow
that thing's heavy huh it's a big snake
oh okay look at the dream Bale imagery
this is great huh this is crazy
I know rats are hashtag killer one
Instagram event really yes one of them
I'll race dark patch of course ah this
is crazy bro well people don't
understand how heavy this thing no way I
would have never guessed bigger where's
Leon where's the head
it's all Jay's got in the heads don't
worry about that sighs it's like that
after all baby Franny will work out 300
good we call this applause we work out
this ain't easy any young guy oh it's
kind of good yeah her name is Julia yeah
like Romeo Juliet yeah cuz you're both
beautiful after your daughter or that
dude ah crazy bro this your first big
snake I think biggest I
I think first hmm
you'll snake giving myself you know come
over here it was poppin new oral you got
a small head but the rest of your body
is huge
oh man I'm sweaty whoo it is the workout
man how to take advantage along and put
the time go up what am I looking at
these are eggs Snickers yeah snake eggs
and these are just hatching check this
out feeder no way like little tiny baby
knows we're known for giant snakes and
breeding I'm here at priests or cuts
that's our deal is amazing snakes wait
so the end little eggs these little eggs
will get how big they'll they'll
actually get this is it but that snake
that you out there out there with that
started up started out just like that
what dude there's a that's a snake this
is a snake oh there you go there's this
nose oh my god everybody out there put
my finger in there don't worry go check
out my youtube channel you'll get used
to it yeah pretty stork that he sounds
like he knows what he's doing so they're
kind of soft ya know hey this is sick
sick this is cool anyway amazing I'm
holding a goopy snake now if I wanted to
handle it on a scrambled it
I'm a hungry man and you folks here it's
a little bit late okay and I don't think
you'd want to pay for that because
that's about a two thousand dollar
scrambled egg this is new that's a cheap
one this egg is 2,000 we got 20,000
dollar ones young time they've ever been
seen in Captain Robert because they're
they're genetically different motivation
ways man-made morphs just like me and
look guys there's there's a little snake
in here he's leaking as you can see let
me see that tag I might have to up the
price because it might be a fourth time
I'll take all these home right now
pushing about fifty thousand dollar box
right here yeah we'll split it one of
these babies would look sick in just an
armless scramble oh I'm just kidding I
never called I never donut we kill
people for less than I had brought oh
boy
oh come on girl rush is looking right at
me bro
there it is ready feelin could you not
realize you were there man oh gosh
amazing camouflage video yeah if I die I
make sure to like it subscribe okay guys
so Logan can't go on with this vlogs
anymore I'm taking over his channel and
I'll see you guys later
it's true just like this and God please
you dog yeah oh my god ah
he's hardworking outside your door get
your subscribers I like you can have
them and my life's day kill me kill me
alright that loads our run it's a dream
that's a wrap
I got your kind girl I still think up
guys okay no that was cool that was good
with you they do not get your hand
anywhere near that yeah is it because
it's an alligator snapping turtle take
your hand off dude this is but we're
taking it out what what are we the water
what you're holding this is your
holiness actually yes actually you're
holding this the alligator snapping
rattle holding that alligator snapping
turtle okay yo this 150 pound animal 190
shut up
you'll be lower you'll be much oh my
gosh Oh what is this creature this is
amazing monster mass destruction oh my
gosh okay lift them up I get him back up
there nice and high all right everybody
okay watch out
shut up come on girlfriend ah yes that's
the most usee thing I've ever done at my
trip there you got me go you good yeah I
don't want to get snuff get smoked
that's what they call it when you get
your hand chopped oh yeah
nice solid bottom no shell rock back in
WeHo see that strike Wow oh that's one
of the coolest things ever done I don't
know why hey go hey go
oh hey go oh Jesus oh I got you back low
thanks man
with a crocodile okay go turtle go on a
little bite he'll probably probably be
back tomorrow but ya know he might be
upset
oh he have to oh you just messed me up
you know what about this guy huh hey go
crocodile oh oh wait what what'd I do
wrong
that's what you're gonna do tell me I'm
going to show you and then you got to do
it right okay play with them a little
bit okay whoa whoa whoa there go does
Gator huh you got to work for it bro
Jesus moving that way keep my land here
stay up here step here step here up here
hey go there you go ha I'm okay I'm okay
there you go this is it this is it this
is the one you got it this time you got
it this time yep yep yep there it is
champ there it is Oh Angela this is your
thing elissa almost you got it done you
got it maybe I know you got it these
guys rarely jump over two feet so job
well only two or three feet dude it's
gonna bum that's good it's good just
there you go good you got it
Oh make a nice road like this that is
badass right yeah he likes blonds of the
seven I made a new friend huh you guys
are boys he's saying what's up he's
saying was Gucci little girl that's a
spider shaker huh
where did I get put on my face yeah yeah
I'm down you ready alright you gotta lay
on the ground though okay I'm an idiot
okay mm-hmm whoa there you go Logan
steak this isn't my dream by the way you
can have this one step stay calm stay
calm I'm fine now you did 50 sit-ups
with the tarantula I want him to crawl
across my eyeballs and gouge them out
and my life tarantula oh the snake
didn't do it you got to do it okay okay
this is amazing what's up guys my name
is Logan Paul idea movie come out a
couple days ago is called the thinning
make sure to check it out YouTube read
my first ever feature film playing a
role that is kind of serious you know
well badasses and fun
what's up guys my name is Logan Paul and
I've replaced my eye with a tarantula
how's your day been woof oh okay sorry
he's good yeah that was awesome oh my
goodness you that this hits such a such
a like a hard string in my life that's
cool dude I love chameleons this is so
cool I don't know why I love chameleons
so much do this for the summer boy whoa
whoa whoa whoa easy easy easy
what's he doing he's dancing to danger
no chance no chance he's this chameleon
is dancing on me right over my it's
gonna bite you if he gets a chance yo
this is the coolest thing in the whole
entire universe this chameleon is
standing on his hind legs why is he
doing this like what is he doing bro
my buddy whoa sitting just change colors
right now he did hi guys so they change
color like over time so I'm gonna show
him what he looks like now and then
what'd he look like when we first picked
him out I'm out here with my boy we
posted up in these streets as you can
see this is how we do it up here so guys
I'm still alive next to this man right
here this is Brian bar check he makes
videos all over his YouTube channels
that we
got his vlogs at youtube.com slash Brian
bar check and you got and snakebites TV
is his main YouTube channel the links
are in the description if you want to
check it out
bro I'm still alive with you I
appreciate you
thanks man we're right way but oh
there's there is a big boy I can't help
it I can't oh I literally told everyone
I go everyone shut up why blog Alyssa
shut up of signing off
alright guys I do is go man what a day
holy crow almost got killed by uh well a
Lady Gaga fans and be a snake and then
an alligator snapping turtle oh no joke
that what I think was one of the coolest
things I've done in my life like it's
definitely up there holding holding the
alligator snapping turtle I got like a
frickin Gatling gun amazing as usual
thank you guys for watching don't forget
to watch my movie the thinning if you
haven't already I will see you tomorrow
and if you are not subscribed go ahead
and do if you like my vlogs that did
cool thing okay I will see you tomorrow
guys take ownership undo shock you can
run but you can't hide ha ha ha so many
sucks why are they all like Christmas
colorful so I just want some plain black
