good morning I'm holding the camera very
far away from my face because as you can
see I'm having some acne problems I'm
trying okay my best to get to get rid of
this thing I will be sexy again I
promise but then that begs the question
what I have her sex tape
morning maverick why is the camera so
far away you say um good morning mark
why is the camera so far what do you say
maverick likes to take showers with me
look at that booty show me the booty
gimme the booty ah and cameras going on
this side like many adolescent American
children I I to suffer with acne but the
lucky thing about me is I have this
thing where you just touch your face and
all the acting disappears just kidding
up doesn't exist no no the lucky thing
about me is that I am an actor and today
I happen to be going to set meaning I
get to get my face caked with makeup
whoo but before I do that games
obviously I also picked up the shot for
my sickness it's gnarly man it's pretty
disgusting and it burns your throat like
crazy ginger lemon cayenne echinacea
down the hatch
man yeah that's a good shot as if you
won the shot she knows duh duh oh
they're horrible that's what it takes to
get better I'm headed to this youtube
series that I that I shoot the show that
I'm doing today is called foursome
it's a youtube series where I play a
mean older brother and I do a pretty
damn well if I do say so myself here is
a clip from foursome freshman bad time
yep if that's me so we're shooting
season 2 today's the first day of season
2 Logan why is it called foursome well
I'm here to tell you it's exactly what
it sounds like like a human centipede
sort of foursome thing I'm just getting
not that at all you should probably also
be doing my vocal warm-ups
ow now brown cow how now brown cow
unique New York unique New York unique
New York unique New York you know you
need unique New York
well if Ally sells seashells by the
seashore kayak kayak kayak the arsonist
has oddly-shaped feet a few moments
later just got to set yo big news big
news we got pods this year I get to stay
in a pod look at this oh look at my pod
look at my pod man I'm living large yo
squat squat homey squat hashtag I said
hashtag way too much but I don't give a
damn hashtag yo y'all want some jello
the wall episode 1 upon and over here we
got a seat over here we got my closet
over here we got my kitchen that's about
it now get the hell out this is my
character his name is Alec his favorite
things include ham and cheese sandwiches
and playing call of duty oh and bTW ass
started coming to set with his mouth
number
I need just some work to cover that up
not a problem
good good to by mountain whose guys
knowing you not yo it did she did a good
job man like I'll take that I'll take it
you know there's my fault anyways yeah
it's always your fault when you get
pimples up I'm seeing all the sets
literally being recreated in a studio
whereas last year we actually went to a
location a school and shot there this is
a cafeteria and they built all of this
room full of lockers classroom dang they
just should have made a school dude
build a school in third-world country
get some kids who don't normally receive
an education to education make a youtube
shoot someone put me in charge
you know so on this whole acne pimple
situation for a second I joke and I make
fun and I know some people have given me
crap oh like oh you only have one pimple
it's really not that bad yes generally
my skin is pretty clear but there was a
time in my life where acne literally
ruled my face I would put a picture up
here but like it's that bad that I don't
want to if you really want to see you
can probably find it on Google somewhere
but point is it was bad I understand
what you're going through and at the end
of the day it all comes down to uh your
personality it sounds cheesy but it's
true alright back to the fun stuff just
kidding this whole vlog sucks ah time to
stretch and run some lines I'm blocked
up like yogi cuz he's the bear most yeah
I gotta stop putting hot sauce on my
chair I'm Brad I don't know if she's
going to menopause or what but her
emotions are to the brain truth truth
like my sister man ha yeah ha ha not
important point is I got so much done
some senior year bro I'd be crushing it
call time was 9:30 it's 2 p.m. and I
still haven't shot yet
I'm going crazy
one eternity later oh cool love yo yo
this is my co-star Cameron they don't
add add word what is it at Cameron at
cameron Blood Brothers camera just the
camera not real it makes you look so
good King bro
this beanie makes you look so good look
if I try it on do you think Oliver - bro
you're so great oh man hello game ball
about to roll the first tape or some
season - Lauren what you guys watch all
his blocks they suck is he Frank gonna
get much higher so he's the best I am
the best
come here little sister ha ha ha yo
these lights underneath me like I feel
like I could tell a scary story I write
my sex life I'm just kidding no I'm not
Cameron what happened bro oh oh just a
second ago you're a cool guy oh you know
some days I feel cool some days I don't
draw you're still so good-looking oh
thanks man cool I feel uncomfortable
doing this with all the college people
here but you know we just we don't rock
it hey guys everyone's looking at me huh
Cameron how you doing bro I'm blocked a
yogi good bye guys oh I hate all of them
I'm just kidding I hate everybody
ok gotta find plans for the night what
to do - do I have come to know and love
this street so much little
I'm my fun make out with it no just
kidding y'all that's gross you want to
try to say is a back home well see
what's happening
Hey
Oh yo this is like so typical like
coming home to stuff like this fake
razor you're making videos bro
yeah different types of I'm sorry bro
just now with BS sloppy drunk next time
I walk in my house I want a real rager
alright oh good unless you that know
this fake video pool hey buddy how are
you yet yep maverick come up come up
can you see maverick ever why are you
hiding why are you hiding from the
camera well you know I think there is
bro you ruin all my never have I ever
cards I love those it's my favorite game
in here on the mark down I will destroy
you did you hear me I heard you some
days you just want to be taken back to
your childhood so right now I'm getting
some super cheese for dinner a few
inches late oh yeah pretty much yeah my
questions why do I not eat grilled
cheeses more officers food just because
I'm an adult doesn't mean I am above
grilled cheeses if anything I should eat
them as much as I want you to eat them
daily because now I'm an adult and I can
eat them every day
grilled cheese we've all been waiting
for yeah I don't know why I put it on
the plate I'm take it off in a meeting
you know and uh blood work by the way
it's delicious can you guys stop making
out I'm I love sex please I'm a vlogger
I want to testify all memories the
memories oh my god it's so sad
rusted piece of living damn video
recipes oh I thought these girls were
here to like hang out on my party have
fun turns out they're here to just shoot
that damn video still you guys see how a
DJ blows his nose
did you blow no fan yeah what are you
doing bro I just wanna have so many
girls on the beanbag why does your arm
there's so many girls on a beanbag give
me one of those girls why I'll take the
two that don't look like my sisters as
per usual I love you guys and I will see
you soon purrs oh yeah movie is
unbelievable you guys are going to die
laughing literally you might you might
die
