good morning people now I know you're
thinking Logan why are you sleeping
upstairs on these giant beanbags uh well
I have a good reason so unfortunately
for the past literally two months
something is in my bed something is
inside of my bed look how do you how do
you know that for sure
well let me show you do you see this do
you see this not the muscle not most of
those song to look at I'm talking about
the bite that's a bite it's the worst
one I've gotten yet that's right
something has been biting me a like
consistently like every time I sleep in
my bed something is biting me okay
bedbugs right hey ma'am good morning hey
buddy I got bit again see isn't that
great
haha bedbugs I wish I really do no no my
friends this is much worse we've checked
the bedbugs we've checked for bedbugs
multiple times the exterminator came we
lifted up the mattress removed we washed
these a thousand times we lifted it up
we sprayed it with the bedbug spread
nothing at this point it can only lead
me to believe one thing I might have an
allergic reaction to this guy I don't
know not pointing fingers but if I did I
would be pointing it at this guy am i
scaring you because I holidays yeah must
be higher I'll calculator anyways I
don't get to discard it but keep this on
The Bachelor sucks
hashtag vlog dude
so I told George to look dirty for my
video and this is this is what look
dirty he looks just like a beet dad what
do you make of this bro not the bicep
the the the bite although if you do want
to comment on the bicep go ahead then
ever at the law school but let me tell
you I think you have been bugs
impossible I sprayed I check if laxity
you cover my face but I'm huge I'm here
shooting a video today and I have to
make mark look like a slob so I'm going
to put a beard on him it tickles bro oh
yeah bro you pick a million bucks a mini
Bob Oh get your eyebrows and hair
colored she gets liposuction why though
you might let me leave my post up the
Wi-Fi slurp but she gets liposuction who
said to say that I think you said the
same exact it's liposuction oh it's lipo
sorry Oh
liposuction made George look like Abe
Lincoln Jenko Abe Lincoln can you tell
I'm not gonna sit here lie to you I did
put makeup on oh god I'm so freakin
Hollywood and I hate it I hate mom
Hollywood change me man I used to be a
nice boy from Ohio now I'm just a Chuck
you know how can I do one Gaines Bowl hi
it's Logan my god yes you made you again
for mr. Logan thank you nothing makes me
happier than filming equipment
I'm getting Cola guys guys right now we
are on our way to my brother's house to
film some videos that's right Jake Paul
Disney stars cool he's cool guy he has
fun for me I like I like Jake I'm
vlogging bro you wouldn't know this no
you wouldn't know this up I'm a vlogger
now girls that hashtag vlog dude I
actually yeah
Jacobs support my vlog career too but
Allison I don't support this is
beautiful you are beautiful
I do support that that's capacity
screwed in is fine you breaking drawers
over here Jake listen what would mom say
oh oh yes mommy proud mom who don't do
this what is this is my book is your
book it's not what I want it what
happens if you don't want it you will
fail your eyes okay you have to want it
if you don't want it you heard from the
Disney star himself you will fail yeah I
was doing good I was doing good the
whole day but then I started to itch it
and now it's all red and disgusting even
more disgusting the audience ah
something is in my bed I didn't invite I
got to do something around it's my Jake
bye you're pretty good brother bro
thanks man you too like I like you
pretty good good I see you see about oh
the Sun is gnarly right now man in my
face oh thanks buddy
this is my friend Johannes hey what's up
it is uh weirdly cold in Los Angeles I
can tell because my nipples are a little
harder than usual boys hungry boys got
eat boys gonna get some pizza big oh oh
I'll start off with the so percent of
the hand backhand
yeah um confirm best decision of my life
I'll never turn down a pizza just a good
old-fashioned mobis pizza I'll take it
stinky pizza I'll take it booby pizza
I'll take it who's alright my people it
is nighttime I'm going to sleep soon oh
sorry buddy and before I do that there's
a little something I gotta take care of
you good bra you're good or what doh
yeah all right cool you can bet you're
astronaut I'm not sleeping in my bed
tonight just to play it safe I'm gonna
do a little whatever is in my bed need
to get out nah that deffend didn't work
I'll see you guys morrow
you
