what is up people of the internet my
name is Logan Paul and welcome to my
vlog channel that's right I'm vlogging
now you get to see more of me hahaha
sick right on this channel I'm going to
post things that I think are dope that's
my rule it's cool if I'm traveling
something cool like that I post it blog
blog blog hashtag vlog dude so for this
first vlog I am going to show you guys
the unedited never-before-seen extra
note is edited uh
uncut unedited raw for I am going to
show you guys the footage from my
experience at Burning Man probably not
the smartest thing for my career but uh
enjoy oh boy okay good morning guys uh
today I'm going to a little festival
called Burning Man
please maverick I'm making it well
anything for Burning Man II I'm not
gonna be here for we I love you maverick
mwah Bobby woo 6:00 in the morning off
to the airport
Burning Man here I go thank you bye
buddy no turning back now landed in Reno
Nevada I'm going to take a to our RV
trip to the campground at a Black Rock
Desert it's called as a Black Rock
Desert looks like looks fun my friends
are all at this resort slash casino
they're in the poker room
where's the poker room
so here's what's happening right now we
are recharging the SUV the RV not an SUV
way to go though I didn't graduate
college it's not my fault then I think
we're gonna be on our way I think gonna
be on our way to the Bernie what an
interesting group of young lad it's in
the fridge do we have good stuff hmm we
figure out sleeping arrangements is a
bed up there come on Eddy's here welcome
to this mop oh you know I were
officially on the road squad deep in
this thing
is he give these were on roaming the
brightest of men make the stupidest the
mistakes I don't get out my daughter
Oh Joseph four guys take it how does it
happen bro oh yeah no like didn't even
cross my mind where are you going
oh it's freestyle homie low-key but last
name bball hey oh he knows bottle Roman
like Chris bottle rattles and smells
afforded oopss smells don't get me
started I go yeah I be there going with
the I will have to pay him off of cash
good thing he didn't get by my little
paper that's the mustache ha ha stop
that man I shall make a tropical
metaphysical analytical critical
measurement miracle miracle whipping the
whip of Philadelphia Cream Cheese with
we out here roughing it these people
came prepared Jesus mother these are as
thick as my future stop to get some
goggles before we do that let me just
show you what our bikes are yeah
TIFF sweet dude cruisers not pink
cruisers not just any cruisers
we just don't compete with those ones
it's a cute little town Illinois where
water water
it's not even burning man it's already
getting weird God this is the way to go
look at all these goggles trust me bro
everybody just kind of watch this thing
we can get better goggles on I'm happy
with like the blues and yellows man you
should go
I refused to settle for some a poor
local ad Hoopoe and goggles oh yeah oh
yes Oh like the oh whoa cash money money
game pledge money squat squat eight
singles nine six a single humming stops
take nothing or y'all this camera makes
me look dope bro one or never me I
remember you oh I'm taking the camera
she with about Logan will talk this dude
to this camera and I'm out don't trust
the mother from Brooklyn I'm such a
blogger oh my god water for real oh
you're vlogging
I'm vlogging bro you wouldn't know this
would understand you have to hold the
camera when you speak like this and
you're playing it like that but really
I'm just talking but my hand is like
this I'm a vlogger bro never good enough
nobody respects me I just want to be
loved look at me enjoy 30 minutes of
bullsh I like to purchase these goggles
all right cool good talk diet big bug
eyes ah
Oh bro good bird so hard hey can I see
it are we going airplane mode I'm not
going everybody mode I'm going
Oh Oh adios doing it here we go phones
off this can turn off its all your
pictures you get a bigger suckable we'll
go to the desert website phone number
two turning off goodbye where are we so
much dust
you can do it Joe I don't care if you
don't have a ticket we're gonna believe
my spirit roll if you got to talk to it
I see the spirit bumper hide to the wild
with no ticket
good luck shut the doors it doesn't
coming in those clothes Joey Joey watch
me I have a lot of insight or no boy
Joey but it's really gonna hide my
belief in TV that's coming online
spenders
worried about Joey and my GG know he's
joking he's joking back to Reno baby do
your line know will explain everything
else investing what a turn-off by Joey
and they never saw Joey again
back I thank Joe Guzman look there easy
right there he says a guy is gonna sell
him a ticket for $200 do we need to be
done Joey yo the blood he's doing it in
my work
get out y'all Joe problem Joe there's a
problem oh my people are flying into
Burning Man on their flying little bike
things the key is to be smarter than the
door hi somebody advice we could do it
oh oh this is the first step on the
playa okay okay almost I'm good I'm a
born I am on the playa baby
Burning Man baby yeah it's so dusty guys
this cameras gonna get dust yourself we
have spent the last hour hour and a half
just setting up our RV we have not gone
anywhere if we made the bed we put the
luggage in the right spot look at this
guy look at this guy dude this place is
already just gorgeous we're gonna go
around the playa tonight welcome to
bikes episode 1 here we got the water
jug a black box and a makeshift little
basket here oh the best part about it
wait for it wait for it BAM why you get
the good lights why you get the good
lights this is bull everyone's got a
floppy dildo this is incredible it's fun
I promise this needed to be done a long
time ago Oh Oh God
Burning Man day one we already gonna get
kicked a minute of vlog from Burning Man
about the first one cuz I'm done yeah
wanted to pants but then I thought
that's what I normally would do so I
went you're right my pants are off my
pants are off it's official let's rock
out with that yeah turn the lights on Oh
oh that's awesome I like that and the
squad is officially off doing the races
Burning Man baby we burning back of the
week bro Bose what a great book don't
first impression a Burning Man
uh honestly I cannot believe this is
real life turn my phone up gonna be off
of the next week I'm gonna default man I
want to shed my cocoon and the vol
become a new man
first that's just gonna be us exploring
the playa yeah get our bearings down
find out where we are slaps people with
our giant butt we'll see you guys
tomorrow when we are exploring the playa
can I squat
Wow that night was pretty wild
you
