yeah oh this morning everyone it is 5:30
a.m. and gotta give me a second to wake
up because I'm feeling a little sluggish
you know job cuts happening oh oh I just
do Logan bro just bird sees you naked um
that's disgusting yeah so did my mom
okay so me oh god okay
getting up early obviously not the most
fun thing in the world but little
Lifehacker always seems to help me as
you put on like the comfiest clothes you
can find what I did with this oh oh yeah
so it's 6:00 a.m. we have about a 30
minute drive to send while we're doing
that I'm actually studying my lines for
today see always get these these sides
which make lines the night before I go
to shoot so during these car rides my
lifesavers is where I memorize so let's
do it
oh yeah piece of me oh really early my
joint
oh my joint step one as usual find
breakfast breakfast good morning
it was dope I lost though I'm a loser
where's breakfast Nexus was the
breakfast breakfast we're grabbing
orders right now so we'll take yours too
Oh big ol fat breakfast burrito my
trailer of the day fancy floors Oh yep
they hold up oh look it comes with moth
little moth I can help you hear that I'm
off no I can help you gotta go outside
no ma don't you know lights are actually
not good for the moth
I can't open it's so beautiful
moth isn't leaving looks like I got a
roommate cool it's it's so early right
now getting makeup on my face but Alissa
has bow in my hair we take the bow out
Thanks
my luscious locks all right 30 40
minutes and I still have no breakfast
where's the breakfast yo I'm a kind of
guy that needs it Oh cold hungry but at
least I have friends
all friendship goes together guys
and jumper Oh what John what the heck is
a jumper but you guys don't have jump
isn't what your Australian bro what's a
jumper is this a jumper oh my god I got
myself a jumper man I believe I can fly
I believe I can touch the sky think
about it every night and day with my
wings and fly away hey hey oh no put me
on I don't roll when the boys I've ever
heard in my life yeah
hey Andrew your hair looks great as
usual thank you Oh
oh wow yo is the food yes is it pretty
good oh it's cold no bro no eating while
rehearsing that's the way to go
Oh can't blame her love my acting I just
feel like a new man when I have food to
me what did you just say the ice cream
is instant potatoes the ice cream is
potatoes um these are potatoes that's
crazy
what these are all just mashed potatoes
yeah and how does it work you scoop them
out and then put sprinkles on and then
people think it's ice cream yep that is
cruel and awesome I'm still want you to
do I think orange mashed potatoes yes
please so as I get changed into my
crappy wardrobe once again I was looking
at my backpack and I noticed I lost uh
ha ha ha I lost my keys so I don't have
them they're not in my backpack still a
chance ok this is the there miss plan
right now they're misplaced
they're not long yet but if I lost my
keys I'm a big
hey guys did I leave my keys in here did
they fall out of me no okay this is our
shuttle do you think I may have left my
keys in here
are they on set met by chance what my
keys maybe did you take them off
yeah I don't see anything down here and
now what do they look like I'm calling
my driver right now maybe as my keys
please have my keys hey what's up man
it's Logan you I drove me to set this
morning yeah did I leave a pair of keys
in your car by chance okay
all right Thank You Man you tried I
really appreciate it good luck battle
yeah me too thanks man have a nice day
bye wait my keys
richard has your key so they found my
keys was Richard my keys keys my keys
bro yeah
I did leave them in the back yeah I'm
not as dumb as I look sorta
sort of mmm don't quote me yeah I hate
these polo shirts it's not funny
every day they give me these dumb polos
and I hate it bro what you think is
pulled are firstly I hated it see I'm
not the only one this socks you just
like a stud you get to dress like a stud
you're whistling just like five minutes
I'm actually love that polo
I never said them here given Ken their
best rose
come on kid no consider acting oh damn I
could you know get out of my fuck
subscribe to me
who is that girl you minute I've never
met her
we're at the ice cream location now
we're going back to a how all I upload
yesterday's vlog they're moving a giant
thing I'm going under it they're gonna
hate me haha okay okay so it's not me
Jesus Christ that's Jason Bourne instead
of the shuttle I got stuck with the
writers these tulo crazy girls hey how
are you back do you space cousin I love
hot dogs okay that's a code word fruit
put you stapled on like it or take
everything my gosh I am already gonna
hate this right I can tell Margot
must've a cop oh oh oh my god I'm gonna
put it in my butt
what get me out of this car
gimme I can't do this shop Sean so great
models be like oh wow you can see my
butt from here I didn't even notice
oh like just what do you think I'm
curious just go ahead I'm Logan Paul
blog blog blog smash cabbages chomp
smash your past
smash all right that's right that's
right we're back on that Google go to
the ride I can see my house from here
what's it like walking you peasants pack
yeah bring the set walking for noobs for
news you can do it you write shows and
ride hoverboards they go hand in hand
you got it you got you can do it you
just gotta commit commit there you go no
you're good yeah oh you gotta leave one
you know are you okay are you okay I'm
not okay my feelings hurt I'm not gonna
lie you're gonna be the thumbnail in the
title of this video I'm not gonna lie -
thanks for giving me them views like and
subscribe I'm just over here acting role
liar acting bro you need to take a hint
little sister your third wheel s actin
Alfie no get out selfie so myself you
say it can you say she says it's okay
that's a wrap that's wrong
goodbye to the hard-working production
that is foursome
let's work today team hey hoverboard
calm down
that's no that bad of a board no yeah
but to go right now
with George gonna get swole yeah that's
right bye maverick see you later buddy
I'm under workout why are you testing me
with ice cream but yeah I'll take one
right now no I mean right now I'm just
kidding guys the self-discipline
self-discipline son yeah I think anyone
yeah we're all right there's the
difference between people who work hard
you know and people who talk on the
phone at the gym then again I'm logging
does that make me any better three I
like Siena like the trees
so much we believe and I get harassed
and Joycey 3 2 1 1 2 3
I bet a big bitch last night ah be small
dab your dreams a little pom not much
but I want to get in the gym because
it's better than nothing maybe you do
something like that if you don't feel
like doing something go push yourself to
do it even if it's just a little bit or
you know left lift it up don't know
different charm be a good person Tran
teach life lessons responsibility hey I
got it I know what you're talking about
life lessons if you haven't watched the
whole seasons of chases mother of God as
you probably have guessed that is it for
today's vlog
thank you for watching give the video a
big all through hands up and don't
forget to subscribe and tell your
friends about this channel I want to
continue going the family man I will see
you players tomorrow tank addition Bruce
the quality of your show can be boiled
down to one thing and that is craft
service the five actors in this category
working hard
