and the stream he goes to good morning
everybody the local time is 6:45 a.m. I
got in late last night from Hawaii and
after making some of the most epic blogs
of my life it is safe to say that Hawaii
is one of my favorite places on planet
Earth however your boy is back in
Hollywood my home I belong here and
we're gonna keep slaying the vlog game
so let's go get today started hi ma'am
good morning to you I did I should be
Kevin Hart yeah he's a good guy I know
it's funny I agree I agree bro we
finally agree on something
hey whoa did you hear that I appreciate
you thinking I'm pretty good to be back
in Hollywood like I love this place it's
so beautiful the only thing is these
past three days have been the most epic
vlogs I've ever made ever and I've set
the bar really really high but no
problem better today than yesterday and
what better way to start the day then
James multi-digit yeah yeah what's new
loading out of Gainesville they have a
problem yeah I think I'm addicted to
these so then you're here for Logan
that's me I also got a multivitamin shiz
good because whenever I travel I feel
like the plane in the air is there's no
way no so this helps me feel not sick
oh the problem is they taste like ass
good thing I'm a fan of ass
just got the set 20 minutes late so I'm
sure I'm gonna be herded like cattle
right now
good morning my super late what's the
doing damage
hello I'm sorry I'm late look at me
sorry I'm getting late thank you I
appreciate it
we just spin so fast my camera nearly
broken - I'm going to get a makeup which
as a guy is definitely my favorite thing
to do the heck there's no one here was
the makeup the makeup lady's right you
guys come on guys go get the world
Oh fun so fast my camera nearly broken -
I've been waiting so as I sit here
enjoying getting makeup on my face I'm
actually uploading yesterday's vlog I
just tell you the grind so back ride
that Grande boy ha ha ha I'm so weird
thank good session oh thank you back in
my little pot yeah so yeah this is my
pot this is my home this is where I stay
here on the set of foursome but is that
one guy says home is where you make it
all my way bike home is where you make
it
oh my way you make home is where you
make it homey way you make it and if my
home is it apart so be it bro goddamn
bum change outfits and I just I hate
this wardrobe I hate it what is this
character just like a chalk board on my
boy what I put up with a lot of people
here today
what is this is a movie set of picking
rager different zone of riffing surreal
hey good morning
presenting with you I'm presenting with
you be excited I'm presenting the
Genesis streaming later while you were
tiny there's my Judaism issue and we're
presenting cameras gonna be like here
and again the stream he goes arms up by
Benna
you having a good day you chillin oh my
god thanks man Wow so comforting and
warm and nice and friendly this is gonna
be my best friend on set it's not even a
joke though
Oh acting we did a lot of times Freddie
how you feel bro it's hot yeah you look
a little winded you're a champ bro
you're a champ yeah so but slap there
you know I hate my out like wile I'm
come we're in polos I'm jealous of what
you guys are wearing what are you you're
spaghetti and meatballs I mean you know
what I guess I could have got my dummy
what are you know Gibson wait wait
Oh Braveheart yeah I see it I see it
coolest part about this is honestly the
napkins around your neck the writers of
the show these two girls that you can't
see until I point the camera down why
was I not dressed as Mel Gibson you're
in charge
pull your tongue it's pronounced watch
no end Oh bro even you got a dope outfit
and a twin to match it what yo you guys
you guys look so much alike from I want
to stunt dummy double oh it's so weird
and creepy in awesome this is amazing
what are you North Korea Kim jong-il
that's Kim Jeong Runa I'm not culturally
insensitive what in makeup no get blue
what do you mean I'm getting blue I'm so
nervous right now why are they allowed
to do this to me oh this is what getting
inked mean oh god it is bad for my part
how did this happen Logan and I are
traveling from makeup to say it's true
JP I'm inked and I'm ready
I got ink on my shirt it's actually not
as bad as it seems ma'am I'm gonna get
inked any day any day I'm down girl
she's my sister we have she can't help
with her hair boss this acting I'm done
I'm done I'm done I can go home I'm
going to the streamys gonna Streamy son
ha ha go Bennett directed Logan Paul
versus wait till you guys see Logan fell
versus the craziest most fun show I've
done yet
I wrestled the bear broke one day I said
let's do this before I leave you bet
your ass I scooped a little lunch
I'm actually also hijacking the Wi-Fi to
make yesterday's vlog live we tell you
guys this blog life is no joke huh but a
lot of work mad respect to all the
bloggers out there myself included
hashtag blog did about the streaming
site I'm gonna stop talking with my
mouth open mannered most most most well
ha I streamys is a internet award show
my friend King batch is hosting it and
I'm presenting an award and I'm up for
one on one of the awards comedy would
again bro not me Logan you're not funny
well skewing your asked always poppin
man Oh funny that I brought up Bennett
and Logan Paul vs. because I just
actually got a call that I need to go in
and record it's a new voiceover for the
show so we're gonna do that before we
get ready for the streamys yeah it's
like I got scabies on the oh my god
that's rough what are you okay
I'm fine I'm just kidding what's
happening I said woman ro yeah well no
you you saying woman right I respect the
men and women of you sort of you're
barely you say you say women strangely
like I say woman or do I say women when
women I said I'm supposed to say women
should say women you made it sound like
there's a single female in the armed
service mmm no that you didn't mean that
what a dummy locum co-pi let's do this
bro women see I'm doing it you're part
of me mom and I and um and i and i'm and
dom and dom
and I'm leaving with nothing but respect
for the men and women of the US Armed
Forces this whole speaking worst thing
is clearly a challenge for me that
sounds correct that sounds like the wife
let's do the problem what was that it's
ink bra guy inked in the face it's
always a good time getting inked in the
face you made me a you guys no no I
think scabies stop you're making that
joke all day all right
shower dress got my trusty parrot by my
side not looking like a total chachi
let's do this
about to be on the way uh here's the
thing about me a I don't love like award
shows like this and be I suck at fashion
anything like clothing anything like
Hollywood I hate I hate it bro I'm from
Ohio
so there it didn't really matter and I'm
also color blind so that colors and
matching and stuff picking up my co-star
for this movie I did called the thinning
Payton list everybody pain and I are
actually debuting the movie the trailer
for the thinning tonight shameless plug
it comes out on YouTube red October 12
be ready it's actually my first film
must stop stop it all that tickles this
is my upper thigh so just stop stop it
stop it bed what's up I'm vlogging I'm a
vlogger now I miss you shoot you mind if
I blog our friendship yes log it I chose
my hair made you look fabulous as always
out styling always other styling
well there's Logan oh I wonder if he
sees me
Wow oh there's his co-star paint me she
saw me shouts to a mark for givin the
sexy commentary I don't know you said
row with everybody hi cool huh it's
almost over
oh we're doing it we're trucking through
it yeah I never like I said used to them
you know have you seen this dog cause
he's famous oh she's a beast I call her
karma look at this dog I mean you're not
a real dog admit it okay good talk we'll
see you later everyone you've ever seen
on the internet ever is here you you
probably don't know anyone here
she's a traditional TV star TV movie
star Disney kid look get ready now yeah
no you look good with it with the eye
twitching it's great yeah great for the
block
your nominees for comedy are and the
Streamy goes to good mythical morning
whoa I serve backstage you guys remember
Jen from from earlier area to point the
camera down we're presenting and the
problems the lines they gave us they
suck so we're gonna try to like do some
like improv be like not say the lines on
stage yeah I'm nervous for whatever like
I'm like yeah I'm gonna say some uh
savage just watch out Logan and I are
here to present the Streamy for Best
Actor yeah yeah and as an actor myself
there's one bit of wisdom I picked up
over the years the quality of your show
can be boiled down to one thing and that
is craft service the fine actors in this
category are working hard I gave it to
the Scriptures hot money right now you
know you win some you lose some
yeah so again I found my way in the back
Payton was supposed to come with pain
we're supposed to announce the debut of
our trailer or the thinny where are you
pink I found her I thought it's okay
she's here yeah
I was
our society then you are the do you know
what we do with parasites we wash them
out what we live really good really good
very good no joke where baby October 12
you got what I need
yeah that's right not not feeling very
social tonight instead it came home
making some popcorn yet another fun day
that was cool that it sucks that I
didn't win the award but you know what
in life sometimes in life you cannot win
everything but as long as you give it
your best try you get a who's going am I
saying I'm tired of baking of tired I
have to get up in six hours so I'm gonna
go to bed thank you guys for watching I
love you as per usual don't forget to
give the video a big ol thumbs up and
subscribe if you are not already
subscribed I will see tomorrow these
guys decoration
