oh I got morning face when you wake
everything's just swollen and red that's
what's happening in here huh it's
currently 607 a.m. it's bright Northey
eyes I'm prayin it's still dark see
today we are going to swim hopeful
hopefully fingers crossed with dolphins
and other sea animals basically anything
that lives in there so I'm gonna do a
little dolphin call me maybe get
acquainted with them person that's
really fun Oh before we go swim with
dolphins and all that other cool stuff I
have to upload yesterday's vlog which if
you have not seen it yet go watch stop
watching this video go watch we climbed
the most beautiful mountain ever we made
videos with Kevin Hart I fought with
Kevin Hart so go watch regardless though
this vlog is gonna be amazing our friend
is picking us up so let's go say what's
up Decco I just ran from there to there
oh hey bro dig in the bandana want some
banana Wow friendship friendship goals
cute stickers around yesterday his ears
are bleeding so he's like yo my friends
gonna take I've never met this kid I get
a text from that says bring a jacket or
blanket or something cuz you want to use
in the bed of the pickup truck
oh we're stealing a blanket from the
hotel steal dear hope he's a good guy
you'd never want to go swimming with
dolphins with bad people good vibes only
my home my home yeah my G shade bro what
are we doing today we're gonna go
swimming with some dolphins on the one
day impossible we're gonna see some
dolphins dolphins dolphins bro they go
like this uh-uh yeah this is not a bad
way to start the morning I'm cool with
this good morning Hawaii I love you so
for those of you who have been following
the Hawaii vlogs you'll know they just
keep getting better and better and
better gonna be hard to beat yesterday's
vlog it was strong good boom but we're
gonna attempt to do that and to do that
we got to spice things up bro
how you guys doing Bron I'm getting back
I'm getting back I'll never be good at
surfing in the water however I surf on
pickup trucks like a boy
you
oh yeah she's climbing on the big piece
mode baby ah whoa
slamming on the brakes but I did it
Brobee girl in this truck right here
he's a cutie
I'm gonna see if I can swoop oh I wear
my love my love gone forever
No
by here's how the dolphin thing works
keeping our eyes on the water looking
out for little fins to pop up okay not
sharks but if they are sharks we also
want to swim with them yeah we do right
now we're just looking for Finn's
dolphin fins fins where the fins that
brightens things no dolphin so going on
to the next beach to see if we can find
office they're on to the next beach on
to the next beach opens where are you
just got a tweet from the girl who I
high-fived while she was riding by on
her moped ah
Aloha plenty high five in my moped this
morning welcome to Hawaii
awesome hahaha the world is a crazy
place ah location number two dolphins
I think I saw dolphins out in the water
really yeah let's go dolphins bro yeah
we were switched to Shane's cameras cuz
he's got he's got the underwater stuff
what is this bro professional DSLR
cameras hey dolphins you could just give
me a moment of your time
that because this is the first time I've
been actually on the beach in Hawaii and
it is a Magpul the Hawaiian sand makes
me go yeah but uh looking good boys
nothing warms my heart like a cup of
pale white boys huh
what dolphins dolphins Jay has spotted
some dolphins let's go we're gonna swim
with the doll yeah nothing like a little
beach run up this is so sick hahaha I
see a dolphin dolphin
alright guys so we didn't see any
dolphins or we saw dolphins that's not
in the water but it's okay it's okay I
got a good workout and got a good pump
with mark I'll never pass up a good
workout ocean or no ocean I'm squatting
boy easy
oh oh
think I ran into a piece of coral
something it's all good we all good if
you don't leave with the battle scar you
know you ain't a few moments later what
is this called that we're eating okay
okay how you spell that like Pokemon be
okay yeah gotta catch him oh look it's a
Pokemon bro so here it is here's the
bouquet Wow so many options you can I
try this spicy
I knew of Isis is bomb this bomb my pale
complexion might not look it but I'm
basically Hawaiian dude and I also got
these yoga covered raisins
hashtag vlog dude scaring everyone we
got our pokemons we got yogurt covered
raisins and a traditional Hawaiian drink
oh look at this
lil accomplished aw you'll wanted whoa
what is this is what it Pokemon a reel
of this is just chopped up Pokemon holy
Jim's kid Pokemon are real oh Jesus
don't be an idiot
this is uh
why plane oh I love this place I love it
how's the UH Lily Oh Lu Kalani passion
Hawaii drink bro no I don't know what's
compared to but it's good you're
supposed to lie tell me when you enjoy
and you love Hawaii instead of good
how's the Queen Liliuokalani passing for
Hawaii drink the Queen Liliuokalani
passionfruit Hawai drink is so great so
great bra a little bit late as usual car
fixes up in 15 minutes took a shower and
clear out the hotel Shan boo
peace bro hey guys uh rushing rushing
rushing rushing but uh I'm back there we
go go time boy in a win-win running
behind
as usual I return the blanket oh don't
judge me bro
sharp make some progress let's do this
oh look I have them closed and the same
shirt I wore two days ago cuz I ran out
Oh goodbye Hawaii I'll miss you
mark mark we're good you ready guns up
let's do pool yes we're gonna make it
but mark marking at you hey mark by
Hawaii I love you I don't want to go
alright enough of this sappy shit marked
we were of course um what's uh hahaha
okay we're being in Hawaii for like two
and a half days bro we slayed Ilze kill
touch my knuckles Marco bonding bonding
there we go friendship yeah hey I do
like that uh or you just see you smiling
you're made for the camera girl let's
talk about how your piece oh sorry
mirror now I'm vlogging so if you just
give me a sec okay let's talk about how
there is uh no one on this flight
I guess everyone hates Los Angeles bunch
of hippies going to Coachella
Marcus always said
a few moments later I spend behind me he
gave me this
placement but the very few inches later
into this in this I mean it's that's
innovation 12 seconds later one thing
you guys got to know about me Logan Paul
is left in the plane back
that's never good
two L's later I bought some caramel
popcorn guilty pleasure we're twins pop
court winning with our Papa late
currently editing yesterday's scheduled
Kevin are you still sleepy
alright that's all you see this twenty
minutes later
okay we got a plain meal looks nice and
process but it's not really anything I
won't eat show up go
actually not bad taste like a pair of
feet but that's better than I expected
six hours later again this lady is she's
just innovative one hour later I did not
take his reindeer two hours later
that wasn't very comfortable and we
arranged myself now I'm more comfortable
2,000 years later
six and a half hours later we just
landed what's the first thing every
millennial does when they land on the
plane did you take it off airplane mode
oh wait speaking of airplane mode I have
a movie called every month we landed the
plane uh the wheel yeah he wheels on the
plane to the ground now we didn't do it
what we didn't do the pilot did it I
don't know what I'm a dumb vlogger Oh
Hollywood oh yeah back in Hollywood baby
my home not oh we made it home oh my god
Hawaii has a special place in my heart
right now this this isn't he's my heart
of this I don't know I was never good at
that stuff the point it is safe to say
that I am in love with Hawaii definitely
going back half the bank have to that
was an amazing day thank you guys for
watching I'm like slowly running out of
energy I know you can feel her I know
but thank you for watching give this
video a big ol thumbs up comment I read
the comments and respond to like three
to five of them and don't forget to
subscribe I'll see you guys tomorrow
we're going back to set and going to a
big awards show I love you take it easy
peace my blog is in the Billboard people
okay come on moving boys
not nice I'm sure it's good quality he
just called it bull nah man
