oh hey yo yo so morning everybody not
opening my eyes here cuz I'm just I'm
trying to grasp every single moment of
sleep that I can because I'm exhausted
right now good morning
oh yeah you too cuz I'm tired and I'm
like trying to sleep as much as possible
what is it Dutch Logan Logan why you
wearing eye makeup I know I know okay I
can't even begin to explain to you what
went down in yesterday's vlog but it's
because of yesterday's vlog don't judge
me or you know what do judge me I don't
care
judge me Hollywood who neva took a
shower didn't really work as you can
sell still got this eyeliner on I have
an audition today which I'm studying for
as I hover board to go get my you
guessed it gangs Bowl but before that I
am going to edit my movie again airplane
mode you guys know about airplane mode
maybe I give you a little little sneak
peek today it's no big deal spoiler
spoiler gains buh-bye I love you I am
going to Hawaii tomorrow I'm excited
because I've never been to Hawaii but I
hear it's beautiful be e.a you got a
Gainesville bro it's cool huh yeah Jane
died eating in the car bought a chomp on
the Gainesville
let me whisper you get to my side why
there's nothing like hoverboard through
the Hollywood Hills at 9:00 a.m. in the
morning I'm jealous of these guys house
the directors of airplane mode Dylan and
David it's like a bachelor pad I'll tell
you what it is hard to make me jealous
man I got a house full of beanbags does
it get much better than that no I'm here
to make the best movie of all time
now let me in her seconds later
did he not just say he was coming like
I've been standing in for minutes Dave
David David what the heck man cool good
joke guys saying you're coming and not
coming that's really funny how about you
leave the jokes to me all right I'm a
vlogger bro you wouldn't know this I'm
gonna talking to a door thank you oh hey
this is awkward you guys got a dope
house bro look at this sick come on this
is just so awesome right now this is so
cool look at all look at this I got a
pool you can jump from here to here
that's a mace and your house can be as
cool as you want but if you cannot do
the following then you ain't oh yeah oh
yeah
I never gets old I may have eyeliner on
by the way but I just noticed David what
you got going what you got going bro cuz
that looks like you have not only one
foot painted two foot painted two foot
that's right
real talk why do you have your toenails
painted my mom
oh that's awesome my dad was like what
is that hahahahahaha
well you can't show you that much
spoilers bro can't do it can't show you
got to watch the movie it's lit bro lit
bro tell you what trail mix right here
is the only thing get me through this
session I hate to a trail mix my stomach
hard
ah what a weird angle who do we all just
live our lives upside down that'd be
pretty weird hey what's up
OPSEC no sir I succeeded how're you
doing that say bro one of my
professional editor bro look at me look
at me making cuts and stuff on the move
look at that Wow I'm gonna stop before I
delete this whole project that's work
today bro oh oh you're okay
hi smooth I just want to say one quick
thing about this whole like sun shining
on my face thing stop every time I'm in
the sunlight I look more more like a
vampire say it
vampire is it my fault no no pigment in
my skin is just pale white boy version
and I need to get a tan you know Bo I'm
going to Hawaii mark
I'm I set the camera up here and then
just hoverboard it that way and just
hoverboard and back to act like I just
enter my ears for the block out I'm
headed to my audition wish me luck bro
good luck bro thanks man oh wow yo I'm
gonna read my size for my audition okay
just I'm letting your foot suit oh so
you think I'm talking myself you know
are you acting
I'm an actor bros yes but he was like a
model oh come on haha every would break
that weird Thank You badge not to start
the day in a downer but there's a very
serious problem we have to address in
terms the plane of our existence
personally I'm asking for another
extension good take it easy bro I gots
about to walk in
wish me luck hopefully they don't
comment on my eyeliner but then again
who cares man
a few moments later excuse the somber
mood the scene the last thing I did was
actually pretty intense and serious so
I'm just kind of like taking a second to
get out of that and get back to regular
regular world for those of you who don't
know us here in Hollywood for actors
kind of a big thing like it's the it's
the reason it's literally the reason
you're here are you going to get the job
or not
fingers crossed and I wanted to say your
boy might be doing another movie killed
it bro I have one quick meeting with a
very important person over at a little
company called one quick meeting and
then headed back home to go ahead and
kill the rest of the day
oh look security this must be an
important one sir
yep I don't know I don't know the future
don't fall in
okay it's supposed to drop off about
everything out of the gate at the
sidewalk
off the property got it wow that might
be the coolest thing I've ever seen in
my life
giant rainbow Brook that's amazing yeah
I'm whispering because as you can tell
earlier it's very easy to get kicked off
this line Oh where's me bought a lucky
girl am i right that was the worst
Irish accent so sorry if you're from
Ireland I apologize
oh my gosh ice cream
what No nice I'm having boy eating ice
cream with a giant rainbow behind me
it's a good day
nice ah taste the rainbow
oh yeah the meeting my great 40 minute
conversation don't know what's on the
agenda for the rest of the day but the
important thing is I'm going to Hawaii
tomorrow
two hours later as I look out to the
sunset of my beautiful city of Los
Angeles I cannot help but wonder what is
the meaning of life sometimes need a
brainstorm think of ideas I'll come out
here and sit here and I'll think with my
mind and my brainpower knowledge access
right now I'm thinking of ideas to shoot
with a guy named what is his name oh
yeah Kevin Hart he will be there in
Hawaii yeah make a video is Kevin Hart
that's cool think oh that is exciting
that is happening on Sunday AKA
o Monday's vlog you see how I did the
math there yeah what boys learning
sunbae yeah I got a brainstorm and idea
for him cuz I haven't thought it one yet
way to go log in you ready give me the
head of things man I just saw a ghost
whatever man
I'm happy dude I don't know why actually
I do know why I'm going to Hawaii
tomorrow that makes me happy and it's
movie night with the boys ah
hi first off numero uno gotta get some
food and I stomach area beat so mainly
you got a pizza you got a pizza I'm not
getting a pizza I not cuz I don't want
to people that ice cream if I ate
earlier really fill my stomach I'm not
that hungry however make no mistake when
the movie is playing smash smash mother
are you enjoying your pizza bro let's do
this what about you bro yeah by the way
there's a blinking red light all over it
dude
it's radiation acha like I'm a little
jealous of these peaches oh rating by
gravity Oh yo I just got a blast or
something and I don't approve my bad
that was those gorgeous drink Awards
what the ha ha ha
Lonnie oh whoa whoa whoa chill bro chill
bro take it easy put the fist down I'm
fair dinkum I'm fair dinkum bro what's
happening guys hey yo yo get up bro
you're ruining my bro my vlogs are not
violent bro yo real talk
I don't care I'm just trying to watch a
movie bro what you're trying to watch
where I can hear you where you trying to
go where you guys watching are you
inviting black people or black lives
don't matter make a decision here right
now and by me or don't invite me yeah I
guess you can Wow yeah he's definitely
not coming in movies i watch every vlog
you watch my rocks you subscribed
bro look above vlog no disappointed that
we're having a boys night and I find
this this thing here so this is a girl
that's not a boy mainly yeah we got we
got one girl we got one girl boys now I
can handle one girl cuz we still
outnumber you and it's still a boys
night
Alyssa might be a man we are by the way
this is my car this is my baby yeah
start this boy oh my god
that couple that we just saw that I was
zooming into creepily walking down the
street they are the couple in the closer
that song the music video for that song
yeah I can't play too much of it getting
that copyright strike
I want that mark are you inviting
incurable bro another girl just walked
towards wall green like a purple car
boys night has not become boys anymore
its gender equality night which I'm all
for but I thought today was boys I'll
watch language how you feel crashing
boys night you feel good about you feel
good about yourself
great how about you how do you feel
y'all funny
I know that's why people subscribe to me
make it might only gets a little bit we
got snacks own dick patron no ice you
can pop bottles all night you can have
whatever you like it is there you can
have it ever you like see this is why
hey boys night cuz the girls have no
soul boys night with one girl two girls
begins nah yo I gotta give you a high
five because this is amazing bro boys
night is beginning I love you guys thank
you for watching this vlog vlog vlog
hashtag blogging as usual I will see you
tomorrow
don't forget to I'll give this video a
thumbs up and go ahead and not subscribe
if you have not already alright guys I'm
leaving ridden slow slow slowly but
surely coming in our piece I'm so weird
I don't know about this video thing that
we're doing you make jokes all you girls
laughing it Logan don't forget I still
got it I'll call you right now
