I hate myself I hate it morning people
I'm gonna say hello via a one-handed
clap because I can do that
good morning huh hi oh well good morning
you slept well and you rock morning mark
can I borrow some socks what a mess
today
oh yeah so I'm gonna go ahead and today
I'm gonna be shooting a video in a car
wearing like 11 different crazy wacky
outfits I think it's gonna be very fun
hopefully it's going to be a very long
day but before we do that there's
something I need to get first
okay today uh from what I know I think
we're gonna be lip singing the best
duets of all time but the problem is uh
as per usual Logan doesn't know the
songs yet and I told Shay I'm like Shay
I don't know these songs say I don't
know what I'm doing so but she's like
now can I got you I'm gonna send you the
lyrics right now right so she sent me a
three-minute song with just all songs
lined up back to back to back and I
don't know it at all zero you got me and
I got you got you just anywhere sender
Ximena Kazumi why you always put
yourself in these situations well good
with the one Logan Island your coffee oh
oh I'm good well had a Gainesville I
appreciate you making me look beautiful
all right trying your best anyways hey
hey hey get it off my face I look like a
vampire to you feel like I look like a
vampire look in the mirror and I said I
said to myself okay who is that guy you
know what you are say it
vampire oh man like about to turn into a
bat and just fly away
yeah Shaylee Shailene whoa
you got all this this is amazing oh wow
look at this this is where we're
shooting today we're gonna be singing
songs in the car for the whole day ha ha
not a bad day I sing songs in the car
like on the Reg so this is gonna be a
good believe it time you know I'm a big
boy kind of straddling his steering
wheel here oh technology this is amazing
so is it any wonder people are afraid of
technology technology that's the widest
one that they gave me I asked for a
wider one but unfortunately that's
that's all I provided it's hard to you
know without saying something like that
better or worse probably slightly worse
only cuz I'm at the head
so Shelly is from Australia by the end
of the day I'm hoping to have a whole
new dictionary of just Australian vocab
she says reckon a lot which I'm picking
up she reckons a lot of things ha ha ha
there's she says heaps there's heaps of
stuff everywhere
so she reckons there's heaps are you
reckon we're ready let's do it bro hot
in here
it's super hot I'll do it you can reach
me luxury Facebook Facebook outrace
Picacho if you liked the video make sure
to tag your friends share it on your
page Maya I choked that change I'm gonna
be wearing this box and then what we got
the Statue of Liberty over here from
Australia
what are you reckon about this costume
so much recognition what is this
no no that's bullshit had happened today
at some point where I try an Australian
accent so give me good judge me OK I'm
gonna be critiquing you alright boy I
might got a little shrimp on the barbie
I already told you shrimpie is that
prawns
wrong I'm American absolutely now I'm
gonna do my American accent whoa hey
Mike what do you reckon let's go down
the shops and get a chicken style
chicken sanger yeah hey man what do you
say we out get out of the shops and get
a chicken saya ha ha ha
bukka is the skin oh you be a South
African to hit like I'm about to do some
tricks in the hoverboard
Oh God my horn
stop being so watery like oh I can't
you're here how do I stop
you can do it you can do it I actually
take my hair so the box would stay on
Shay no evidence like the amount of
responsibility in your hands right now
like when you get gum in your hair oh oh
oh I don't want to go vote try not to
let the luscious looks like another
single game cannot not a single hair
leaves my head today
what kind of taper better to cut it so
that we don't know don't you say that
it's gonna get individual I don't know
II like little bits at a time little
bits at a time
yep it's getting that it's getting that
yes I've only got a little bit to go I
have a good yank I reckon you give it a
good yank you reckon right I came in
like a wrecking ball yes okay oh it's
not great fun oh man I missed you hair
I'm glad I'm still with you today
20 minutes lay down look what you see
yeah that's life it's Sam yeah what's up
its me Patrick Swayze oh you know
Darla's Logan fall to you I'm Patrick no
this is Patrick
new ELLs later what's the next outfit
and you go don't pop dolly podracing is
a girl boom
sorry dad if you're about to watch this
I'd suggest leaving I hate myself I hate
myself you look at you I hate it what
you gonna put your bra on what are you
saying to me the brawler but your double
D bra the bra bra this is so weird
I don't know about this video thing that
we're doing you make jokes all you girls
laughing at Logan don't forget I still
got it
ups call you right now I got one
question who shot I respect you and your
operation but I'm getting out of this
outfit as soon as possible
Sabra not bad try Chum smash smash no
I'm not that makes it look nice dog I
gotta say that don't be a homophobe know
that you with the Chihuahua you trying
to smash what what's the funny bro
what's so funny bro what's the funny bro
what's so funny dog you
you guys trying to smash oh no no not
just just just laughs oh my panda panda
panda panda but I got broads in lemon
the black is it look at that I don't
know the rest of the worst a few moments
later yo all right yeah good day yeah
did that I even did I'm going home my
Timon thank you guys of course you guys
are gonna love this video we'll let you
know when to I'll let you know what time
I got to a walk around in public like
this oh boy hey oh good man yo I'm gonna
work out like this are you doing what
though swear you'll swear oh but that
looks sweet I'll believe it fuck
as my acting career blossoms I have to
be ready for anything auditions anytime
I'm ready my agent sent me audition
about an hour ago so I'm going to print
the sides right now before I hit the gym
is 10 p.m.
aka gym time
alright I'm not gonna lie to you guys I
don't have time for a full workout
tonight but I wanted to do some cardio
because better that you get in there and
do something then don't get in there and
do nothing at all today I want to
challenge you guys force yourself to do
something that makes you uncomfortable
is something you don't want to do it
will make you a better person I'm gonna
get deep here for a second all kind of
deep I want to first Alyssa just that I
want to be able to talk to you guys a
lot like this type of thing like I'm
always down to be the entertainment the
fun you guys know that but you know
sometimes we guys we gotta get not
serious but you know it's good to talk
about things that aren't always so
light-hearted so with these vlogs beyond
just making you laugh hopefully beyond
just entertaining you it it warms my
heart if I find out that you guys become
better people because of me and who
knows who will become a better person
because of you and the chain reaction
continues and continues and continues so
if I can share any piece of advice I
think that you know makes people work
harder get better whatever they want to
do achieve their goals it's an honor on
that note I love you guys I will see you
tomorrow that was a very interesting day
the weirdest day I've had in a while
and don't forget to give this video a
big thumbs up comment if you want I read
all the comments and most importantly
subscribe I will see you tomorrow guys
you too trooper do you know any Drake
songs right I don't
joma joma joma never nothing solid
