one two three good morning everybody is
my last day in New York which means we
have to make it special and I think I
know how to do that but first let's go
get cleaned up before we get the day
started for those of you watching us
today's vlog you know what I'm talking
about so basically your boy forgot his
battery charger for the camera on the
plane finding this is a recurring
problem leaving things on planes I'm
working on it anyways yesterday's vlog
the entire day was spent looking for a
battery and battery charger for this
camera so it doesn't die I thought I
found it man I found it walked into the
store two different stores and they're
like yo here it is I'm like oh it
doesn't work so I wake up this morning I
go to put my freshly charged batteries
in the camera is dead bro so yea this
vlog could die out it literally any time
I'm on my second battery now there's two
bars left so yeah fingers crossed back
in a lie to you guys I'm getting real
sick and Jenna today she's back in the
store same store I was at yesterday and
they did not have what I wanted then
they probably don't have it now but hey
I'm trying I'm out here I'm trying man
so it's charging oh my gosh it's a
Christmas miracle
yeah yes there's a chance that what she
gave me could still not charge the
battery exactly what happened last night
I am hoping that is not the case I'm
gonna get some breakfast and then let's
go get the day started for reals this
time Logan why are you walking backwards
why are you walking by sorry lady why
you walking backwards Logan it's because
I when I walk forward the wind the New
York wind makes my hair all boggling
this is the prevention to that we also
fun fact Isaac Newton walked backwards
for 15 minutes every day the more you
know Ferguson breakfast let me just tell
you guys a few things I love about New
York the architecture that's a man I'm
I'm Jon vlogging bro I'm vlogging bro
I'm a vlogger you want to know this the
people hello okay the opportunity excuse
me ma'am will you marry me
okay haha this in New York just great
you want to take a picture of me no no
no I want to take a picture with you I
want take a picture with you young lady
what's your name that's my name too
crazy
thank you guys bye Elizabeth crazy we
had the same name that's weird
I know more food food games I'm gonna
get some breakfast so I say breakfast
it's actually 152 p.m. right now I can't
be the only one that does that right you
wake up it's like I breakfast really
it's like 3 p.m. to evening yeah that's
like my daily life when I actually get
Slee the point is I'm gonna eat this
delicious bagel and we're gonna do a fun
little thing I've been waiting like two
days to do so let's do it
also one more thing a blockage that was
delicious I love food it's kind of my
thing
and it was yesterday I had this awesome
well I think it's all I want to do this
fun thing in Times Square with my fans
but I need marshmallows so let's go get
some marshmallows way to promised myself
that I would do this thing where I go to
Times Square and meet some fans and if
fans wanted to take a picture with me I
would go ahead and throw marshmallows at
them and if they catch it in their mouth
we would take a picture so oh gosh all
right that's a disaster let's get these
marshmallows you go check some pretty
good wood I have my marshmallows we are
walking to the heart of Times Square I'm
never going to have so much fun throwing
marshmallows into people's mouths as I
am right now who's trying to get Marlo
Cherokee Marlo why am I so creepy why
did I get the creepy gene ah mom and dad
why they don't catch the marshmallow in
their mouth and I - tell them they can't
get a picture I feel better oh boy
New York a few moments later what's up
my G take a picture we broke if you want
to take pic I'm playing a game you wanna
play you're on the vlog it's a fun game
a problem it involves marshmallows bro
you do hate marshmallows what why you
hate marshmallow why you backing away
from me I'm not going to bite you
we're good talk man I'm stealing it is
my pleasure I guess the two L's later so
we've been walking Times Square there's
not one person under the age of 40
needless to say that's not my tarp
target demographic I've had maybe five
people ask for a picture when I asked
him like hey we want to play Martian of
the game they're all like no no we don't
want to point which used me to believe
there are three possibilities one people
just everyone hates marshmallow to my
target demographic is just not here
three which i think is that probably the
reason uh IHS I thought it can be so
cool walk around here throw some
marshmallows to people my confidence
just got lower that's all that happened
I want one person twenty minutes later
shut up no way Kathak no way yeah all
right wait wait we got to play a game
with marshmallows bro yeah I'm doing it
you got to catch the marshmallow in your
mouth I'm on and then we take a picture
yeah hi bro
I got they got marshmallow catchers in
Norfolk do the ladies gonna love this no
it's time Norway my name is Logan Paul
will quickly but I'm right thank you
beginning man you got catching your
mouth alright one two three put hot wait
oh you did it he did nothing
yeah I get awesome bro
you can do it you can do it one two
three
it's okay it's okay if you eat that I'll
do it eat it
that's the donea power let's do it one
two three foot right in the nose I'm
sorry but I can't take a picture of you
elephant one two three foot wait I got
another one two three one two three one
two damn it wait one two three yes yes
one two three you savage used to have it
you know what
my fault Jordan fro not much J's my J is
1 2 3 yeah bro yeah I guess one of these
in your mouth
a little unfair that I'm always the ones
running them and no one's testing me
we're gonna see if I can do it yeah
we're walking back to the hotel to go to
our panel and I hear maverick my parrot
maverick maverick maverick maverick
maverick you oh my gosh maverick is that
you these are your animals did you steal
my parent maverick Matt required you at
home how did you get I'm talking please
how did you to New York
oh you flew I guess that makes sense
listen maverick I love you bro but you
gotta go back home and you shouldn't be
in New York to the dangerous city
dangerous people I'm Eric it's good
talking to you I'll see you back in LA
okay
good birdie snaggle-eye that dove is in
full blast mode and I don't know if you
can get much higher give me the time
now I am going to speak on a panel in
front of a bunch of people about adult
things I'm not talking about safe sex
I Love New York
yeah no way bro I got my own billboard
no way that's so sick in real sick Wow
such an honor I'll be speaking on the
stage in about an hour whoo going
backstage why is this look like a club
people are staring at me okay the guy
who was down what would you say I can't
out with the little things that I was in
consecutive professional today on stage
time go socialize for about 20-25
minutes and then off to the airport
because I'm flying because a plane back
to Los Angeles tonight
so that was a good time headed to the
airport
I'm gonna miss you New York oh my gosh
this place is don't be right out
Hollywood called
that was famous as a place
as always though
what a crazy like three days of travel
from LA to San Francisco to New York
thank you guys for bearing it with me
and experiencing this adventure with me
seriously it's so much fun I love
throwing marshmallows at your faces and
meeting you guys and scaring New Yorkers
all of that was incredible man all of it
was amazing just one quick thing I want
to say though so a lot of you guys been
asking about Chloe Chloe the girl I went
on the date with who I met through the
window of Starbucks whoo-hoo here's a
little update with Chloe the girl is
amazing we've been texting uh again Flo
if you're watching this a how you
different baby was that yeah I said yeah
it's going great with Chloe we're gonna
hang out again for sure just I haven't
been in LA so I have not had a chance
all right guys I have to say goodbye
from the bathroom is it one of the
ladies sleeping
thank you for watching this video if you
like
ha don't forget to subscribe I love you
keep your marshmallows in your face
I'm just kidding I'm just kidding let's
take a picture I couldn't do it I
couldn't stick with my word awesome by
diamo for my Italy family freedom
I call it trumped-up trickle-down oh oh
oh
mis Manos laughing strong smells but I
do love pie
