no no I love my bags on the plane good
morning everybody it's 6:05 a.m. and I'm
feeling a bit sleepy so if you could
just give me one quick second before you
start the vlog ah good morning to you
too buddy
oh yeah I don't know it's gonna be a
tough election this year I agree can
never could you please get down I don't
know if I love the idea of you seeing me
naked please okay I'm gonna ask you to
chill I'm gonna calm down because it's
way too early for this right now
all right let me show you guys a little
something listen that's my alarm and I'm
on the street I'm waiting for my car
from once in my life I am finally on
time check this out guys look how dead
it is Saturday morning in Hollywood haha
I'm on that grind son
oh good morning yes I am Logan I am
Louis I am the one the gonna gotta move
home to get some sleep sleep well I
don't know what this word means anymore
huh no I'm leaving home to go to work
whoo yeah there's the thing I hate
saying I work
and try to avoid using that term I get
to I get to do these things that I do
and I am very lucky boy oh also here's
the thing I'm going to a flying to San
Francisco tonight
that was me uh being a plane I don't
know if I'm never gonna do that again
whoa good morning good morning bow hey
good morning wow this place is lit lit a
aftert who needs to be done alright
hilarious I know yeah so many good
things so many good things to do this
this is just cruel Oh God
 congratulations to you iPhone 7
giveaway winners announced yesterday if
you have not seen that video go watch it
right now cuz you might have won dude I
don't know if you don't watch the vid do
you guys wanna know about a little
guilty pleasure of mine
normally I'm in a pod today I'm in this
little thing cuz we're on a different
location what is this thing
oh who are you dude I don't like it I
miss my pod where are you my name is you
all right kids listen up I'm gonna
stretch it out because you're flexible
you're sexy
a long muscle is a strong muscle
oh yeah that's it oh yeah yeah that's
right like that but again with the polos
why are you trying to make me look like
a church warden apartment why not only
am i wearing this way too small not cool
polo but I look like a freakin lifeguard
dog like Carlo Liam here saying the name
I'm awesome mouth-to-mouth you come to
join the party that's right
I would love some water bro the water
fine thanks dad Oh water parties are lit
from these are the writers of the show
these little these two tiny little dwarf
girls here um I got a question do you
guys right into the lifeguard outfit -
or what's up with that I like it no no
it's gross guys oh look at all these
nice people oh my gosh we should play
Where's Waldo because that's basically
what I look like
up here hold the camera we're gonna play
Where's Waldo got it I think this is
yeah can't my guy are you bloody acting
what do we have a locker room okay I
wonder how I would look up there life is
so much different up here
oh look jump the gap hopefully I don't
fall good Oh like look if I get caught
up here wel that I'm getting hey guys oh
just middle fingers all only middle
fingers I cool guys man you guys are
great oh my feelings I heard it all god
that's nice kid really just warms my
heart he thinks we're on a phone call
right now where I face that hey you know
we're you know we're on FaceTime that's
my dad that's my dad Greg ball I get my
smarts from somewhere I'm gonna see you
tonight in San Francisco Yeah right yeah
but that just means we can rage did
I don't know if I'm gonna go to any
drink concert with Jake or not 0:01 sexy
man coming through
jeez we're blocking right no no no no
I'm vlogging you're in the world boss no
no make no mistake I'm the one vlogging
in your endo I'm vlogging what's up guys
uh uh you're making me leave this set
does hey what's up guys you got my blog
my vlog you need a chill all right get
it off your body breath get it off hey
whoa whoa a challenge Logan Paul to
liftoff any day of the week you got
balls bro do you know how much a little
bro that's impressive
that's impressive right but I'm not
gonna lie bro cool savage blow the ball
close at me I'll do it I played football
high school I'll stay linebacker
I'm entering the football field is the
football team I would literally destroy
all those kids man linebacker running
back that's a top bring me back to my
high school days you can do it seven
feet no joke is gonna go seven feet oh
wow oh snap new squad they called lunch
which means you're both about to smash
smash oh the mini corns classic the
chicopee's classic the Flies classic Oh
Mexican food today no mana honey oh my
gosh thanks my G you're a good man bro
that guy with the meat circle knew what
he was doing right here that's a cool
thing also doing emails cuz I said it
before I'll say it again the grind don't
stop it don't stop bleep this character
is uh he's very spastic for a lack of a
better word is very very he's always
loud he's obnoxious and so I'm slowly
but surely losing my voice sucks cuz I
need my voice ah and that probably isn't
helping one more time yo don't mess with
me but I wanna come in your house and
pick yo dough yeah
what I'm thinking like take that out of
my paycheck I hope not I'll believe I'm
bad luck but snot I don't care
oh my god whose idea was it to let me in
this room I'm not gonna lie to you guys
I took an energy drink in arm way Bloods
a fellow one and then I'm a crash later
I know I'm gonna crash we're so good
it's all good I'll be in a plane to San
Francisco acting hey guys me Logan ice
I'm just vlogging from my camera I hope
no one's doing anything crazy behind me
that'd be a shame I couldn't tell I'm
looking into the camera lens and not the
reflection hey anyways we'll see you
guys tomorrow
like and subscribe I'm rap rap like a
condom bye buddy bye guys bye everyone I
love you all see you next fall
good bye have a nice day here we got in
a bit of a rush like a real fast pal
rock power power rock this guy chewed
apart the truth face maverick bro booth
place is not supposed to come out this
ed maverick come up now that was my
fault I admit bro and Richard the door
being such a bad berry okay I have no
time for this apply maverick I'm going
to San Francisco mmm well I will see you
later
I'm leaving Brown goodbye max seems
Marta put the skates ball games games
games yeah yeah and one games bull hi
good talk my buddy Claude I'm here ready
to the airport San Francisco yeah
lullaby
and goodnight
go to sleep my little darling how we
don't crash a few moments later welcome
to San Francisco yeah
San Francisco looks sick I just got to
my hotel room and do you notice how it
like pay attention when people make
videos like this you notice how I
started walking here like the door
should be shutting but it's not it's not
I try to trick you but i'ma do it anyway
so I just got to my hotel room and my
dad and brother not here where are
where's my family
I don't know but hopefully I will see
them tomorrow I guess you're gonna have
to watch tomorrow's vlog I've already
got you hooked basic make clickbait bang
bang bang I will see you guys tomorrow I
love you make sure to subscribe if you
aren't subscribed make sure to give via
FaceTime time I ask you guys more peas
no no I love my bags on the plane
I've walked in my room I downloaded the
footage for the vlog I look around I
come gonna go get changed maybe go cuz
sleep brush my teeth where's my bag
where's my bag you couldn't be broke
worse I forgot is it in the car that
took me here no did I leave in the lobby
no did I leave it on the plane call them
up y'all forgot my bag gives me sir the
hangars already closed you're gonna call
back tomorrow me so yeah that's a
problem I'm now dealing with we'll see
you guys tomorrow
and the 256 gigabyte iPhone 7 in matte
black with this
