good morning everybody to look at time
it's 5:20 a.m. which means I got four
hours of sleep under my belt which is
like six more than I needed let's go see
how I won't sue Rajesh I get on that guy
now I know what you're thinking one
Logan how did the date go and to Logan
what about these iPhones bro what about
look at the title of the video the
iPhones bro the iPhone time look at the
eye both things I'll get into shortly I
have to go get I'm vlogging but I gotta
go shower I got a very very very busy
day ahead of us so let's go get cleaned
up stay with something Africa
good morning maverick how are you what
what did you just say you got some guts
boy Charlie running late as usual
oh you don't comb your hair like that
put okay open the door turn stuff oh man
it's way too early for this sup man how
you doing sorry I'm talking to a camera
it's gonna be a weird ride for you I'm a
vlogger bro let's enjoy it
enjoy you got enjoy it for a wagon
hashtag blog dude you know how we do it
haha
blogger with a V so vlog it with the
loggin that's what I'm saying
Logan the vlogger vlogging Logan the
vlog and hashtag hashtag vlog dude I'm
sorry bro sorry I'm losing my mind
why are you up right now I work for
three man between the moan you're a
savage bro Savage I damage savage that
does damage I'm learning fast override
ever another good day - mudgie doing
that g-unit thanks for me in such a
gangsta below take it easy man
oh man what a fun ride what are you
gonna tell us about the date Logan and
the iPhones yeah I'm getting there okay
I'm getting there give me a second man
I'm barely awake I'm so tired I'm like
my face hurts my face heart is hurting
me maybe I just like a normal thing with
oh god breakfast
yes I'm cold but I have faith that this
breakfast will warm me up good morning
bro I do an egg white omelet Oh
vegetables dia vegetables an avocado no
cheese no cheese healthy could you make
it with love oh my gosh dude thank you
crafted by the gods excels oh we already
already going to set all right
okay I'm gonna fork real quick mark
every time I come here it's sorry come
late I give them breakfast go to set
okay great you guys do the meeting we'll
go ahead and eat my breakfast good call
good call guys but what would you say
what would you say what was your mouth I
just want to eat my food what put my
breakfast ah ah those no one here to eat
me one one one cut off for the run off
taking the banana about under steam on
banana walk akanda it hasn't really 100
percent off yeah never ate a banana
before just like damn that's a good one
that's where I'm at right now Jam it's a
Google yo-yo what do you think you're
doing bro yo hey I'm the vlogger here
bro I'm the blogger bro hashtag vlog do
you know what in a date last night
yeah so when I went really well
yeah this girl named Chloe no big deal
what to eat sushis us you dinner eater
just like me I'm getting there guys once
I just need to wake up and then I'll
bring the energy and tell you about oh
oh oh thank you what sick how do either
last digit sexy
I'm luck I'm vlogging bro brahma vlogger
now you you're walking around naked put
some clothes on
get back in your quad I'm a vlogger bro
it's what I do hashtag boy what you are
hashtag blog dude guys I am exhausted
right now my brain is just mush I got
four hours of sleep with a third night
in a row
why do you do with yourself Logan what
what are you doing why looking like
uh-oh
slightly sorry for that one yeah oh oh
all right the date well if you don't
know what I'm talking about make sure to
watch yesterday's video first and put it
right here yesterday's video basically I
met this girl through the window of
Starbucks there's no other way to
describe it than freakin magical you're
so pretty
you're so pretty
take my number I'm giving this girl my
number through the window I was supposed
to go to China instead of going to China
I randomly in the weirdest way met this
girl through the window of a Starbucks
we exchanged numbers well I give her my
number
I fanboy like a little girl for the next
three hours waiting for her text got it
won so now I'm gonna tell you guys how
to win Chloe Chloe you probably watch
this video what's up god I don't I live
this girl is so cool we clicked like two
chicks and no way uh
is out I was referencing a biggie song I
don't think I did it right oh yeah no no
no definitely not the right reference
just a little disclaimer for those of
you specifically you Chloe when you see
this video cuz that's gonna be weird
you're great obviously and uh we will
hang out gotta get man and pick me
nervous girl we had such a good time it
was awesome we reviving like like two
naked hippies on a beach everything
about it was right we went to a fancy
sushi place and she showed me all the
different types of sushi to get it was a
cute little thing oh my god I'm rubbing
my shaved legs this is this is
terrifying if you don't know what I'm
talking about here Amanda Cerny shaved
my leg
yeah fresh Canadian girl speaks fluent
French no accent though hello hey what's
up you do have to wear it today what I
can't go naked to set today today but if
I do they'll just shoot with you make it
really fun shoot you should too yeah
they'll just CGI clothes on cam will
they blur my eye not great yeah
so yeah heck yeah the date the whole
thing was just so the weird is like
destined universe thing so I went with
it and I asked her to marry me
at the sushi restaurant she said no but
I'm just kidding why would I do that god
I hate the way this character dresses
man I feel like a 28 year old Cub Scout
who just lost the Pinewood Derby yeah
what's that money's elegan oh
just like a boy scout yeah top of the
first scene of the day and the time is
I'll tell you right now 724 let's do
this
I got like three pages of dialogue
didn't study didn't study the way to go
Logan ever gotta start reconsidering my
life choices about to learn eight pages
of dialogue literally wish me luck about
to rack up for my sack up and honey's
not the poo so take a big whiff acting
easy work baby
let's get it done real talk this makeup
got me looking like Hercules the coolest
part about shooting on a school set is
that it takes you back to all those fun
school memories that you had oh I'm
seeing you now Josh it's literally no
competition
all right let's reset right away Josh
you sing we do de acting I went upstairs
I'm gonna get a shirt and he flew into
my room oh my gosh and so I went
upstairs to close the door and this dude
follow behind me bro I just shut the
door on time
maverick almost escaped bro yeah
maverick tell him to get back in his
cage maverick get back this is a
disaster maverick you gotta go back
you don't belong on that counter bro he
hasn't flown upstairs in like three
months
all right bro I don't know I don't want
to tell you okay Wow Wow ever Wow
go back maverick okay don't say that to
me go back
hello sup man
ready for you sir alright yeah come I'm
exhausted right now I was trying to take
a little nap in between takes
oh the most part about this is that like
you think at lunch maybe I could relax
he'd sleep anything no no ha ha got an
audition to go to 30 minutes away
audition 30 minutes back and then back
here finish the day cool I'm running out
of breath oh my gosh it's adorable oh
and uh here's a little not so fun fact I
haven't even looked at the lines yet
literally zero studying get real with
you guys for a second hardwork key to
life absolutely key to life bang yeah
but only cuz my pee is lit dude
I'm the ladies man I'll bang anyone
right here right now I cannot ladies man
that guy is freaking run cycle God so
good acting oh okay time to steal some
food and then head to my audition unit
we're here we're out here we're doing it
hashtag that debit okay here we go in a
bit of a rush because I cannot be late
there and I cannot be late back so let's
do this take it to go boys gotta eat
let's do this tell you what this is the
life I have 40 minutes to drive there
while I eat lunch and learn all my lines
let's get er done please Oh me my master
your car makes a good cafeteria alright
alright I'm here guys wish me luck
oh no that was uh not the most boy known
fact might have been dare I say the
least we know you win some you lose some
anyways let's go back to set
good so I just got back to set and they
told me I have about an hour till I
shoot he Arden what I'm about to do oh
that felt amazing huh and I feel like a
new man you can tell that I just snapped
am I gonna be okay yeah I'll wake it up
uh-uh-uh-uh-uh out now brown cow unique
New York
red leather yellow leather Kyah Kyah
deadly sells seashells down by the
seashore I'm vlogging you wouldn't know
this we know you wouldn't know this vlog
life you know you have no idea what it's
like you hold the camera like this and
you point it like this and you do
hashtag vlog dude wow this sure really
brings out my eyes
anyone know where the bases go this is
Andrew his hairs on fleek I've yeah I
were wrapping up here like a like a
condom during safe sex times whoo I'm
awkward person oh this is good this is
good cuz I'm exhausted I'm on the verge
of death but no matter I will prevail
that's what I do son but stop it acting
cool alright I rap let's get out of here
who wants to see who won some iPhones ha
ha what's up man I need you to take me
to my bed busy day busy day is an
understatement
ha ha I'm going crazy back here bro oh
my gosh just look at that Sun fire
alright I'm back in Hollywood meaning
you know what time it is
Jonathan winners of the iPhone 7
giveaway ha here we go massive massive
thank you to everyone who participated
in the giveaway the whole thing blew up
much much larger than I had expected and
I started to get sad there's sadness
crying because I wasn't crying but I was
close to cry because I'll realize not
everyone can win or can they
no definite God that makes me sad the
tweet that I had you guys retweet had
123 thousand retweets at the time of
reading this who knows how many poor
souls are still retweeting and thinking
they have a chance to win so you're
telling me there's a chance no no no I'm
saying there's no chance give it up it's
over
I am absolutely amazed by the amount of
positivity on this channel you guys are
amazing you guys are so supportive I
want to continue growing the family make
each other happy and take you I'm just
kidding kind of but seriously you guys
are awesome now I didn't want to make
this like any other you know giveaway an
ostomy video I wanted to make it special
so what better way to do that and
bringing my skimpy dress model friend
Brittany crew let's help me announce the
winners to be and help Logan on the win
I don't support using women as objects
to trees and a changing time that's back
and seventies and chefs
however I am gonna use her as the
thumbnail does that make me a hypocrite
maybe does that make me hippo most
definitely first you got hard on that
one telling me okay so I don't get to
give my success a gigabyte is at Troy
1990 congratulations Troy boy in 1990
you won a 16 year by iPhone 6's gradual
ations drug by 1990 the second winner of
the iPhone 7 32 gigabyte is acting back
the only one wanted to go the back
fifteen Hakuna Matata
hey Steve hakuna his - bro Congrats you
rock wonder number three of the iPhone 7
giveaway this is e 132 rose gold iPhone
7 inner key crayon barks congratulations
Keith ray on Burke's here is your iPhone
7 rose gold one hundred and thirty two
gigabytes and the 256 gigabyte iPhone 7
in matte black with this this three
agents 3s no truth stands the second
three days primacy a sans bro
um ki ng be a snake King match so that
says yeah cable process 256 gigabyte -
17 matte black
you guys are awesome thank you all for
participating I'm out just kidding I'm
going to say a couple more things so
congratulations to the winners of the
iPhone sevens in the one i phone six so
just one fact I wasn't thinking and I
signed the the saran wrap on the outside
of the iPhone so when you peel it off
the signature is gonna disappear I don't
know how isn't using my brain alright
guys that is it for today's vlog again
thank you so much for watching this this
voting thing is a blast for me I'm so
tired three obviously pretty thank you
for your help I hope you pushing her
into that so now you know the joke see
ya bats I'm siding with you guys are
great anyways don't forget to subscribe
and if you want go ahead and uh
subscribe and like this video give it a
big ol thumbs up I will see you guys
tomorrow Bruce
you're so pretty you're so pretty
take my number I'm giving this girl my
number through the window
