today I go to a nice little country
called chyme I was like not packing
right now cuz I saved it to do the last
minute
way to go Logan but here is the thing
about packing hey I'm sorry about that I
don't know what came over me
bye maverick you'd be a good bird okay
otherwise I'll cut your little bird
testicles off goodbye Hollywood I'm
gonna miss you I'm gonna miss my games
bowl games games give you moments later
I just got a message from our China
contacts
okay on this is seven just for
information and for this event it is
because the organizers really
disappointed us and we thought it will
be like event over at least 2,000 people
attending but now it turn out to be it's
only like 200 people so we are wondering
if you still want to come kind of notice
that the fly is about you about you
kinda notice that the fun is about to
take off yeah I'm on my way to the
airport girl gonna be honest I don't
know what to do I am call my manager
who's going with me he's not answering
figures hmm
this is a problem this is a problem i
mega China blue balls right now we
thought was gonna be a big event Yuki's
not doing her speech anymore like do you
still want to come
pack my bags unpacking the bags are you
kidding me come on are they on my way -
they like what is it what is she
whatever I had not gotten her message I
don't like to China but no reason
sweetness is right around the corner
dude
China's my neighbour you could date
there right I think I did it when I was
a kid no that's impossible
yeah why aren't you in China well to be
honest I have no idea that explains a
lot
hey I got four days where you're just
freaking what should we do
March about to do some medieval what is
this Probst a good egg yolks out of egg
whites impossible no chance
oh my gosh Oh amazing make four egg
whites and one yolk oh my gosh bro this
is the most innovative thing I've seen
since sliced bread bro you're such an
adult it scares me this is incredible
look at what you're doing here when's
the last time you sat down and just
munch on the carrier
call me Bugs Bunny watch watch watch my
21 you hungry bro yeah let's go get some
food my D go this way I go this way I go
this way now put your hands out there
you go there as witness to here folks
this is how they make first-person
shooters and video games
whoa dude it actually works
that's it on to something I don't know
man I don't know oh my gosh this girl
beautiful oh my gosh is grow so pretty
you're so pretty you're so pretty
take my number take my number wow that's
amazing
four I'm giving this girl my number
through the window for three awesome my
girl texts me buy a home 500 if I go on
a date with that girl if I marry that
girl insane what a dope story huh how do
I know she's not just doing that for
every guy who comes up to her and puts
their hand on windows I don't know that
I knew that's the story like if we
hypothetically speaking if we get
married like bro you never even spoke I
ever gave her your name I didn't say my
name I didn't say my name
I'm waiting I'm still waiting for the
text bro it's a good day man yo yo yeah
oh okay it's all making sense now life
is playing a little game with me alright
uh what I wasn't supposed to go to China
in the first place I never was meant to
go my destiny was never to go to China
it was to meet that girl through the
window of Starbucks give her my phone
number we get married have kids and
they're all Olympians who donate money
to a lot of charities yeah
that's amazing yes texted you she hasn't
texted me two hours later what's the
problem bro okay so what you did it you
did it there's so many rules when you
give a girl your number you have to jump
around make sure she texted you write
that I couldn't use the window in my way
you gonna walked in and to here's the
bigger problem what if she wrote it down
the wrong way cuz she was caught up and
your guys's joke first off it's not a
joke wait when did this happen a lot we
have two hours oh god I'm so screwed
aren't I dude cheap probably Tex check
on accident did you give him Jake's
alert take my brother yeah you give his
daughter yo I did know
no mr. McGarrett Janice oh I didn't why
would I do that
you know I've given people my mom's
number for some reason I wouldn't I
swear to Jesus Christ that's not a lot
like I I memorized your number so well
that I accidentally give girls their
number sounds like a personal problem
when seconds later I got a text for an
unknown number and then my phone turned
off
no I I'm not making this up my phone
turned off I'm gonna turn it on now I'm
gonna see see who this mysterious
texture is finding out what should be
your mom Betty Betty Betty man such as
little schoolboy yeah see hey coffee
emoji if that's not true long I don't
know what it is we're talking about this
room up on us in 15 minutes you slap it
texted her back I'm playing hard-to-get
bro I should be in China right now dude
you know your Thai Baht you would have
never met her what if she was actual
meant to be girl so all this is planned
to me her and epiphany I already had
George drop the mess man you're my best
man yeah yeah you mark oh sorry I can't
talk now waiting for a really pretty
girl that I met at Starbucks the texture
whoo are you free tonight
right no it's too pricey now do trust me
listen guys let me feel the vibes bro I
would do right now since it was so
iconic away you guys like saw each other
I would do something like yo the know
this sounds crazy but I think we should
hang out tonight get dinner boom I might
do it this is Los Angeles girls I kind
of like your first line hey sorry I
can't talk her now waiting for the
pretty girl this pretty girl I met at
Starbucks it text me let's go and then
I'm over with that
Todd right now waiting feels really a
pretty girl in met at Starbucks to text
me put the eyes oh yeah brothers do a
chance what did you want me to put I
love just the eyes cuz you're her eyes
are like kind of that time no emotion
put the eye emoji why are you so
flexible eventually yeah yeah yeah I
guess who's got a date tonight with
Chloe I'm going on a date with Chloe
the French Canadian girls met a girl
today names Chloe
it was just a spontaneous thing how it
happened and we're going on a date
tonight I don't know what to what to do
I don't know where to take her yet I
have made that decision we're gonna go
to dinner
she's a dinner eater just like me do I
take her somewhere fancy romantic what
whoo whoo that's a good idea quite the
lady killer huh yeah night is falling in
Los Angeles with me
let's try that again night is falling in
Los Angeles with night is falling in Los
Angeles with Whitman
night is falling in Los Angeles which
means it is approaching date time with
my girl Chloe my girl Chloe oh my god if
this works out this is gonna be a
Christmas miracle lucky for me it's
right there I'm literally looking at it
it's a it's a pretty fancy sushi place
the sushi think there's orcas on you
thanks man fucking to get sushi walking
to get sushi ah life is crazy I cannot
wait to see the reaction on her face
when I tell her I'm supposed to be in
China you guys are gonna hate me for
this you guys are gonna hate me for this
you guys gave me this if you want to see
what happens you're gonna have to watch
tomorrow's vlog I know I know I
understand okay but tomorrow's vlog I'm
gonna say what happened maybe even if
she lets me like reports of it I will
not as we I'm gonna go ahead and live my
life without without the camera but I
wanna let you guys know what happened so
make sure to watch tomorrow's vlog don't
forget to subscribe and share this video
with your friends if you liked it
hi guys face you will hands warm and
impoverished village in Africa
I appreciate you if I show up naked is
this a problem a little bit but that's
on you I I want to do it alright
I don't think
