good morning people you ever wake up in
one of those days hairs all jumbled to
the mess and you're like yeah what has
happened I don't know what's going on
but before we get the day started I want
to show you guys a little something yeah
guess what these are three auditions
today three different characters 21
pages two hours of practice
way to go Logan it's gonna be so easy
right have a good morning good morning
maverick oh oh that's not married a
smart I know I should I should have
studied I know what oh I'm not that bad
I'm so gonna do good but thank you
okay screw you man three mark the number
of auditions that I have today that I
did not study for it is three different
characters bro 21 pages what you think
21 pages yeah bro dad
I say no joke I've never seen you read
any of these lines huh I would have
practice with you but you were gone I
was bowling bowling over my career sit
bowling who goes bowling ya hear that
that is my along to leave that I've left
yet I'm late as usual uh elevator come
on I'm running late open up ink from me
baby ding for me ding from me for there
it is ding for me baby - nice something
Aria we're racing today I'm out I'm
always late to everything before I have
my three auditions I have a meeting with
I managed to gerrymander so we're gonna
go to that first I think I just had a
stroke
y'all want to make this a thing where
every morning I give you a high five all
right okay I'm here what's up man pop by
to get some gains makes me so happy
thank you so much have a nice day bye
the love of my life I would marry this
bowl if I could what's up man how am i
doing I just got a Gainesville man I'm
not gonna lie I don't know if I could be
any better I love Mexican music it's
more Mexican but my lion oh well that's
branch me
I'm so culturally insensitive push your
Parlophone say I made it to the meeting
I'm only 15 minutes late it's not that
bad
all right just 15 minutes what is that
five times to be I'll take it
I gotta say though I'm the acoustics in
here are fabulous fabulous sorry brah
I'm making this awkward to talk we're
elevator right okay hey daddy Jeff yeah
you know okay go I was going I'm going
ah the kitchen the kitchen I will be
back kitchen I will be back
Shana was Jeff I'm sitting with him
right now where is he he's not here
who's in his office nobody gotta go I'm
going right now
Jeff bro where are you Jeff I'm taking
over now son this is what you get when
you're not here I'm gonna be Jeff for a
day then left Jeff let's see what I
gotta do I'm gonna be my own manager for
the day huh okay let's get some work
done what no Tony I don't care I don't
care okay if it's not over two million
we're not taking hello hi I have Jeff
Levin for you oh wait wait wait you have
Jeff yeah okay I'll take it hey Jeff
profession yeah I'm gonna be you for the
day and I'll go be you yeah you got
three auditions today that you didn't
study for so go ahead and don't shut up
oh this is amazing Jeff gets a look at
this every day
check it out back when I was in the
cover of ed week you see it top banana I
think that's what that says I didn't
graduate college or no I took just all
these bananas all right
Thunder all jokes aside this is a
pressing issue at hand
considering the audition starts in five
minutes and I literally don't know the
lines were just gonna be reading off the
paper Oh Logan why do you do this deal
South Logan
wish me luck uh I'll let you know how it
goes a few moments later uh okay Wow
that audition was a lot the reason I was
so nervous and thought I was unprepared
because it's an emotional scene man I
like I'm still sniffling because I
started crying a little bit and my
cheeks got all red and everything but yo
for not studying at all in two
characters i slayed that I think I'm
gonna get the part probably not but I
went in I did it even though I wasn't
100% sure of myself I will keep you guys
posted on how it goes for sure dude whoa
all right we got one more audition to go
today this one I'm not gonna lie I'm a
little more prepared for scooter Stewart
all right ladies and gentlemen last
audition of the day character wish me
luck I would let you know how it goes 12
seconds later Jesus Mother of God once
again I'm proud of myself can people be
proud of
I'm proud of myself for going in there
and and for lack of better words in
killing their brow gel I give me the
savage award or something because I kill
- the thing with me with acting is
sometimes I'm on sometimes III I'm
feelin I'm hitting all the beats
correctly and today I was on dude I was
on I was on get another the dabbing and
hair plug I'm going to therapy it's it
it's gonna be fixed soon I wanna eat
right now with Mark and George I told
them to order me a and Eggs Benedict
so when I show up the foucha RTB they're
thinking ahead see that mom I'm learning
what my boys there know I think I'm like
ten minutes away
oh god it looks so good bro foods
already there and I'm not
Oh food cold backpack something doesn't
matter it was cold
bro my food
she comes up to this all you didn't
little more no show you updated hit are
you joking you're not in future oh my
friends are playing a joke on me can you
do me a favor sick sick sick joke guys
sick joke sorry I can't put the camera
down and have to log everything guys on
the water now is what we do you log dude
look at this look at this young you
understand why I was said right like I
can't can't miss out on this I'm gonna
smash Hulk smash yup confirm I'd smash
Park is downstairs and you just sent us
a photo of this guy who looks like me
Oh what is on your head roll right right
saving your laughter with them focus I'm
saving my leftover the focus so the vlog
makes you real life I don't know funny
it can even tell the difference here
pose real quick take off the Hat oh my
hair's not ready right now
people say Iligan reeking glazes really
that's interesting
Ashley Robert Downey jr. whoa bro it's
8:30
it's 8:30 p.m. what do you do I'm Joan
and Bush those photos were amazing for
would you find him I was going through
old photos and George's Nest popped out
yes I swear to God how did you guys let
me come out of the house like that I
don't know bro I thought you were pretty
cool are you vlogging this hug no no no
no that's Ben was magnificent was he
good you guys like it commenting Bucek
comics blog you like comic or more
morbid for plumbing is tiring bro Jesus
you don't take a nap yeah cocky choch
moment our comedic timing is impeccable
what
you love me
I love you done job da job these girls
are crazy bro don't drop Oh
don't jump people love you stop you're
making me nervous
don't do that alright guys that was a
fun day I have to go to bed cuz I have
an early morning tomorrow but do not
forget about the iPhone 7 giveaway the
winners will be announced this Saturday
I love you guys thank you for watching
and don't forget to subscribe I will see
you tomorrow
hmm shut the door
and I'm officially locked in a box with
another man for the next two hours sweet
cuz you're me down there the whole day
bro that makes this whole whole thing
literally three times as weird as it
needs to be but
