I got these pancakes girl to actually
wake up in the morning and I eat my cake
morning
I'm gonna try this I'm gonna give this a
go yeah take them out the boys the champ
box
yeah swing keys and drive staircases oh
my god oh oh my god this is amazing
this is amazing I can't oh look at this
well right now we're at the wheel of
destiny we're gonna choose our destinies
via a board with a spinning needle she's
my destiny bro
so do you spin it or do I spin it
husband I spin wheel of destiny we love
definitely give me that good good
9 is tattoo okay maybe not so much
terracotta I'll do it do you understand
it is the first to blink steering
contact okay ready no 1 2 3
oh the precip thanks man who rescued me
from the death I need you guys to take a
gander at how dirty our RV is right now
if you come to burning me dude we're
screwed bro learn from our mistakes my
boy my boy with offices books no when I
talking dr. Seuss we're good in pain
sick
now what does happen I'm fine
dawn fine David my hips are already
really tight Anthony uncomfortably close
I don't know how it's absolutely insane
if I'm driving to the future what am i
doing rarely is for you and in the
future be careful with that tangling
thing be careful be careful I don't know
where it's been
oh my gosh truck dancer alright look mom
I'm burning right now I'm eating cheese
it's it is 7:00 in the morning oh my
gosh I thought we just caught the
sunrise so that was quite the night I
must say who gonna go catch the eye the
sunrise yeah let's go this is got to be
one of the coolest things on planet
earth right now this is absolutely
amazing stunned by the beauty that is
life Burning Man dare 2016 that morning
jog hashtag no days off oh oh oh
this Suns coming out ladies and
gentlemen boys and girls there is summer
boy come on me look at this it's not
real life come on just a baby sheep
present
oh that is I see it that stupid little
Narwhal come here you tongue
to me what's your name bro you know me
you normal the whole guys update there's
got to be ten in the morning I'm son
Burt
I mean Jesus still I don't know where my
friends off we have completely abolished
all hopes of living like civil human
beings if you look over here and over
here you can see we have been reduced to
cavemen sandy escape play as long as I
got my water my Clif Bar and the soil
beneath my two feet I'm gonna be okay
I'm gonna be okay we're out of non
drinkable water that's just phenomenal
welcome to Burning Man yo y'all what's
up welcome to the wall episode 1 upon
and over here we got a seat over here we
got my closet over here we got my
kitchen
