well that night was pretty wild I don't
know what's happening here but it's okay
uh we're just getting started baby
today's the real fun today is the day
where we go get to explore see all art
exhibits maybe it's some pumpkin I also
realized I forgot a toothbrush but guess
who saved me
this man got a toothbrush for me dude
can we go wash our hair we have to wash
it I should I should turn the vlog off
turn it back on when you washed
I got a toothbrush we're living large ha
ha I do not consent to be recorded film
or videotape uh epi oh yeah
fresh Yankees for breakfast Thank You
Shane good ol a geez my grandma's name
was Aggie with Grandma Aggie Agnes you
little March all right here's the
lowdown on what's happening I don't
really know there's like Stan stores all
over here they happen all the time you
put on these masks and these goggles it
protects you from the sand hey how you
doing I'm gonna go up there and show you
guys the entire playa I'm doing it
what's up guys hey guys sexy man hey I
appreciate that
that's all my camera it's so duck about
to do some exploring guns up so we are
literally venturing out into oh you okay
can you breathe
are you breathing anyways we're
venturing out into the unknown let's say
that because there's like nothing out
here I shoulda stayed home bro okay I
just keep a like day I don't know if you
guys can see this sandstorm which is
absolutely insane absolutely insane this
the dick garden all of these dicks are
planted and watered and vibrating
mattock plus the late night fee someone
built this literally just for Burning
Man they're gonna burn it at the end of
the festival are you gonna burn this
whole entire thing I tend to go on this
freaky ass bridge Oh Mike
does to real shit
peddling back against the wind bear
difficult we were doing it man
fast forward a couple hours we took a
nap and now we climbed up this thing on
the side of the flyer so from here you
can see everything oh that is amazing
yeah
so much to explore rocking the wrecker
able to see everything unattached are
you okay are you breathing do you need
CPR whoa I need that what can I do to
get that I'll kiss you on the mouth
right now I was actually gonna kiss on
the mouth bitch I was just kind of
saying that like for a joke you know I
mean I've worked for the jacket but
didn't sit down because it's pretty dumb
everyone here in the circle is twirling
fire do not try this at home kids
amazing we're gonna do some cool cue the
epic fire music montage - be go hard Oh
videos that's my boy whatever I can show
you is legendary around these parts
it is called a football mechanical oh oh
snap oh snap
this is a real life so this is the man
this is the Burning Man the thing the
festival is named at at the end of the
last day they're going to light it on
fire it's pretty big so uh you the
firefighters did hey you know what
Burning Man is where is Burning Man it
can't be safe there's no way that say
people will die in the bag I'm gonna
tell me that this was Burning Man makes
us stronger mistakes of nature
three blue cross the desert we spotted
the directors of airplane mode Dave
Jeanette and Dylan chocolate don't know
we see this we're gonna for surprise
them right again these are my directors
and co-writer of my movie airplane mode
that's their logo Cobra creative hey hey
guys guys how are you
my boys are dressed at me right now
apparently my outfit wasn't bueno what
you got bro Oh guys
oh hello enjoy the scar yeah in his
scarf these guys left the car alone and
we got the keys we're gonna see if we
can freak them out a little bro you look
at the captain of a pirate ship
alright let's rock and roll what I mean
there's no feet I never took the key out
there go hey did you guys take the key
out no there's no jr. alright now how do
you lose a why did you just leave them
in there obviously have no good reason
you're right I'm just with you lights up
the keys out whoa whoa got my new outfit
on feeling sad is so beyond me how they
built some of this stuff here's a
burning in practice it takes to learn
the skills to make
Shane what stuff this is a an
interesting spot which you guys see
where we are like look at this exit and
it's just a desert just desert just
desert just desert and then this little
weird shop of weirdness picking the
sunrise is tiring and makes me hungry
but I got this bar oh oh oh Suns coming
up you know what that means
can you guys point me in the direction
of Burning Man oh I see it yeah this is
amazing
everyone's cheering for the Sun no you
have not because what the hell is that
thing
okay we stopped at our camp for a second
we replenished
feet and now we're playing piano and
maybe 7:00 in the morning
so our excuse I'm really tired if you
can't tell do you guys like my friends
music really
he's pretty good huh did you make out
with him right now she said yeah she
said yeah Alex just got a really awkward
I have the most respect for you my G
that's just amazing
impossible are you guys about to take
off
homeboys I put the flying go get a champ
go get a chip take off take off no no no
I guess human flight is still impossible
so there's this cool thing everyone
comes in here and they write down
something they want to do before they
die what can I write before I die I want
to be the biggest entertainer in the
universe and I will what is the world
coming to
she should not be here probably 8 in the
morning and I'm finally going to bed bye
guys see you in the next one
you
