today Logan why is it dark in the
morning well Sun hasn't come up yet
that's a fact guys it's 6 a.m. we are on
the way to my music video shoot for my
song no handle bar gee I've been hyping
it up this whole week but I don't think
you're actually prepared for the events
about to take place
we got like 9 or 10 like hot hot models
honestly though it doesn't really matter
beauty's on the inside I'm just saying
we have camera trucks to follow us
around when we're riding on the bikes
and then we have this like giant
dinosaur crane camera arm to capture the
coolest shots ever the point is it's
going down if you're not a part of the
low gang are you freaking good bro hit
the subscribe button literally hit the
subscribe button in the face joined the
low gang the strongest family on the
internet and go out today and be a
maverick cuz that's what we stand for
baby shot Logan Paul doc how's that shop
now let's shoot a music video god damn
it quit pause ah we're the scar we
literally just the dura bro it doesn't
make any sense I produced this video as
well I was told that it's gonna be like
in an urban City doesn't look like the
city no yeah and I'm scared for my life
right now just doesn't help that it's
don't like in the date alright I could
do but right now step well the good news
is at least the maps know where we are
oh yeah bro there's the city they just
built the city in the middle of nowhere
this is actually sick
I'm alive good good I'm yummy - what's
the matter
Livia too early for you do you have
Kong's eyedrops
oh you don't oh honey honey it's Gucci
Oh Shh so y'all know we bought this
Gucci jacket way too much money but I
said skin except we made some necessary
modifications to it made it a little
better
maverick patch on the shoulder that's an
official rap yo it looks so good Ambro
both shoulders that's a wrap that's a
wrap
hate this Hollywood I feel like Little
Bo Peep look at me I got a bow in my
head but you're beautiful really you
know what it's really my fault if I just
didn't have acne I wouldn't have to have
makeup I've been telling him to get rid
of it yo after today it's gone
only for this video when I'm a dad the
stache just coming back just FYI I'm
gonna be the weirdest dad ever me yeah
hey kids
you're smashing in there yeah
the city is lighting up you got Wi-Fi
Lidia Wi-Fi so no handlebars it's about
bikes right and there's a lot of hot
females I had this idea where I would
ride them but like but like a bicycle
not in the sexual way so we're gonna
make this thing as Formation out of
people it's called the human but we're
gonna put the girls and me on this
platform and then roll down this issue
is it looks kind of ridiculous like this
so yeah except it's gonna be four girls
than me the issue is that we haven't
told them we're doing this yet so that
should be fun hey guys who's ready to
get rode scene I walk into a bike shop
they're setting it up right over there
and uh we have a bike owner actually one
of the pilots in my movie airplane mode
he's sitting behind me so he's all alone
his name is Chris what like what's he
doing freezes every five to ten minutes
first scene is almost up we were about
to do the bike shop except one thing I
want to point out outside you can see
the Sun is creeping in oh it's getting
bright I kind of like what it was dark
cuz I know for a fact it's gonna get
like a burning hot today and I'm wearing
a Gucci jacket and jeans it's got fur on
it
ah first job was good but now I'm
putting that on
oh good jacket gonna get a little toasty
it's gonna get hot easy you guys know
that was my idea
very attractive females just I have a
problem with telling them I'm gonna have
to ride them like a bicycle cuz that
that's the shot we know they seem like
nice girls they do seem like nice girls
they might understand probably not
probably not hey guys okay so let's do
this um Adelina can I have you lay down
flag
thing I've ever done on but it's gonna
be so funny why you're gonna stand over
here like this
Wow
hilarious
oh my girls are bosses I uh I'm in
mistake as usual look at the Gucci
shipoopi on top of my shoe my boot how
is it on top of my shoe
physics I don't know when this happened
but my boys just like a fireman what are
you making a cameo everyone knows
lollipops make you sexier I'm just
hanging there where am I looking ball
that cop slash how's everyone feeling
hot sexy safety meeting cuz cuz the arm
could hit me in the face and knock me
I'll kill me this robotic arm can move
much faster than a person it can move
faster you kill me I'll be very upset so
how does this happen right so this
robotic arm is programmed by a computer
look at all those calculations and they
said geometry wouldn't be useful ha ha
did you say geometry yeah bro cuz it's
like moving around in shapes and
triangles and prisms ten-speed my fault
she texts
suade see my rims deep my swing beat
that down the street with the squaw I'm
going into battle bout one take the low
guy to take hot mountain we're we're all
Gucci make sure you're wearing Gucci
when you go to battle boys I'm like
everything so nice but I'm just wearing
literally a 50 cent beater that's how
you do it checking yourself I mean guys
dough but at the same time
as a bar
yo yo that sucks
does anyone have like a knife are good
like just like cut like my cap or
something because I think I'm r2 right
now
poor Brendan motherfucking Brendan no I
think I think the girls are at Brendan
Kenny is it possible for you to Zoomers
like licking blood okay okay great yo
congratulations thank you guys I don't
know man okay low gang that is the blog
mom's doing well the ulcer in his eyes
seems to be healing fun music video
today I cannot wait for you guys to see
it makes shit like I want you to prepare
now mentally when it comes out like turn
your notifications on first time but
when it goes out like just like it
immediately just you go like that couple
quick plugs the next episode of Logan
Paul vs. came out last year I wrestled a
bear for the show this year I I wrestled
an alligator
yeah I mean 88 they told me not to grab
the tail and I did I'm a Facebook page
or the link for that is also in my
description so yeah go watch it like it
share it the movie I did with King batch
so where's the money it's now on iTunes
and I'm not just saying this the movie
is actually really good it's really
funny so go down let it watch it on
iTunes give it a five star rating enjoy
if you don't the link for that is also
in the description lots of plugs today
y'all frickin I will see you tomorrow
I just paid my Panama
