Padma he's doing a thumbnail for his
vlog it's that YouTube life you gotta
look like an idiot
hey yo good morning the gang with Bobby
Joe summaries it for thumbnails I just
like don't you don't breathe you hold
your position like anyways guys so as
you know yesterday yo we got a new very
exciting time in my life it's a very
exciting time in all of our lives but yo
bad news on this guy and this guy you
kind of start war problems problems my
man is leaving he's not gonna be here
when we move into the new house on
Saturday you could problem what do you
have to do where are you going at places
to be no you don't have anything to look
at here here this looks cute hey you
loud and clear
I'm just really salty bro you're my best
friend we've gotta move it into a new
house gonna be here
I guess now's a good time to say if
you're watching this and you're not a
part of the low game make sure to
subscribe we are Mavericks we are
changing the world every single day we
have the strongest family on the
internet so hit the button for me baby
subscribe and also you know copy
remember mush Logan Paul that comes last
shopper link in description the hottest
softest merch in the game watch he's so
relaxed he's so relaxed it's actually
really good to removing we get
complaints here almost every single day
because we do stuff like that you know
what it is when we put it on the balcony
just doesn't stop barking but okay okay
front desk we hear you and we're gonna
be out of your hair soon if you haven't
seen the music video yet go watch it
here's a little preview great hope you
enjoyed that but yeah yeah we're leaving
soon front desk so just calm down chill
yours I'll take care of my daughter if I
have to I'm telling you about this is
the perfect animal and by the way I know
I know you guys see me wearing uh I
haven't actually said this in the vlog
yeah the Maverick joggers Lydia finally
you're putting on some pan don't want to
but the dope is I'm going through these
are the nicest coolest stars I've ever
worn I'm not just saying that mattress
is awesome like the quality of these is
unbelievable guys and look jog or sorts
gray carbon fiber freaking everything
you're dropping these on November first
we're gonna change the merge game
forever cuz this is no longer merge like
it's it's in a parallel tree where
babies sex but yeah I figured I'd show
you because we got our delivery right
here and we have a lot of them but yeah
it's going down I'm gonna miss you
heaven you're gonna miss me bro yep
okay that's not bad well see this
freaking dwarf man look at this stuff he
packed his stuff granted it's not a lot
but he packed his stuff and then left
like I have to move this I'm the moving
guy now Lydia when are we moving
officially tomorrow yeah
do we have moving guys we have to like
oh no this is a big deal we have to like
put stuff in boxes and everything
say no more Lydia that's good I'm good
it's my big day and that's a fact okay
yo I've been making some phone calls in
the car I got some stuff brewing okay
right now here's that this is actually
awesome we are going to pick up
officially for the first time the keys
to the new house yes oh my god this is
gonna like I signed the papers Esther
all kong-kong back there sign the papers
yesterday but this is gonna make it
official for me I'm gonna show you guys
a little bit more of the house cuz I
know yesterday I wasn't able to cuz the
gates were shut and it was dark but
y'all are gonna see a little bit more of
it today and Instagram came out with a
new feature today where you can go live
and like bring someone into the live and
they gave me early access Instagram
loves me it's whatever quick shout to a
Jackson from Instagram thank you I love
you bro anyways I'm thinking um while at
the house I go live and I bring Evan in
my Instagram line and just show him and
kind of just like rub it in his face
exactly what he's missing cuz I'm an
asshole and then um I also found out
today yeah Brendon you do you want to
say this like it's this is the out there
for sure my friends has a baby tiger a
baby tiger
yep in Los Angeles that um anyways that
doesn't have so uh we had an idea it's
not a great idea but it's definitely
entertainment Hong has never he's never
met a tiger we wanna call to meet the
tiger it's a baby tiger how big can it
be in Kong its Kong to savage you can
clearly handle a tiger look at him I'm
home to seven and I can't wait
there you go anyways alright let's go to
the house first yeah normally I'd be mad
that I can't pull the Yeti in the
driveway but today I actually don't care
there's a rolls-royce
I'm assuming this is the guy who I'm
buying the house from I think he's the
one giving me the keys and he's yeah
he's wealthy a lot of money there oh
don't bro yo so you you guys saw a
little bit of a yesterday like I said
but in the day time just given that sexy
right-to-left pan for me Brendan the day
we move in we'll do like the whole
montage thing and you guys will see the
backyard which honestly like that's
where the magic of this house is one day
calling all of this could be yours okay
we got some keys to get that's Busboys
I mean hey no cool bus but I think we
are actually we're keeping we're running
the furniture that's in here what you
don't like that but yeah dude we're
literally gonna walk in it's gonna be
fully furnished and then we can just
customize and tweak it the way we want
cuz yeah keep in mind guys this
furniture that you're gonna see is not
stained okay let's go get some keys go
so where I like the back patio right now
this is max this is this is currently
your house or officially yours this is
my house life moment bro keys to my
first house him okay
neighbors are gonna love you man yeah
they're in they're in for a treat in the
form of me visual guy yeah but I gotta
do this problem
okay come to instagram live with evan
evan yo what's good can I show you what
you're missing dog like you got stubble
you were supposed to be my new neighbors
me Logan Paul the world's biggest Josh
told me two days ago That's not me
that's my bad
no Evan your room bro is right there
it's back there you have your own
personal balcony jeez Paul let's go you
got your own personal balcony cot we
should do this as giveaway like prizes
right joining you on joining me on a
live do it is whatever Oh Oh call back
Jerome EP 15 said when are you cutting
your hair honest for me tomorrow and I'm
coloring it too how short he gonna go
Yogi's pictures awesome sorry for
swearing guys it's weird hearing me
swear live and not not with squeaks but
I'm just don't bring in new house I hope
I pissed you off today and made you a
little jealous I'm kicking you off I bye
we love you everyone's about everybody
that was a thing well that was fun dude
brick you Brandon passes dog
everything's dog life is lame except now
it's it's it's times like these were I
asked myself how could it get litter I
think it's a word litter is now aware
Lydia your litter half your name is the
word I'm saying litter Lydia
anyways the answer to the question is uh
baby tiger meets Kong I don't think
that's the tiger the tiger yeah no this
is not you guys oh this tiger don't like
vloggers are you in the low game I put a
subtitle even though I didn't make noise
he said yeah he says yes okay look
closely I'm going in I'm going to try to
touch the tiger
making noises like Kong Hey Oh I'm Logan
I'm a vlogger in a charge
Oh Gibran he does not like vloggers I
got something for you how about instead
of chewing on bamboo you chew on my hand
dude it's like a dog but a tiger just
got a house super cool think I'm gonna
return the house invest in baby tigers
big business support that to say he
loves the Maverick joggers they come out
on November 1st now you can't have him
yet
he loves like oh he's like he's like nah
I've been doing this thing look at the
camera and I go do you think you could
give it a shot oh he did it to me
brother
oh he's in camera attack mode he thinks
the microphone let's go check out our
boy and see what he's thinking
you mean Kong that's yeah - the real you
nervous
Oh yo just for all the animal advocate
people watching I'm gonna be here to
supervise this is a very friendly tiger
as you just saw we're just gonna check
the vibes but as you can see I think
Kong is ready bro my man wants to meet
his new friend Kong when I got you I
promise you you would live the most
absurd life ever and meeting a tiger
falls on that list do you think he's
gonna bark bro probably barks it like he
might growl bucks other dogs he might
growl it's how much of a savage cone
really is till it is nervous ruff like I
know Kong bro he makes friends with
people and dogs and tigers
callings not barking yet this is he's
just curious it's crazy he's like what
is it why does the tiger sound like a
dinosaur that's the thing do you think
come in say hi : yo this is crazy
you're the cat is guru he's like yo sir
oh that's a friendly sound
cause like I don't know I don't like
that Oh yo yo just quick Kong quick
sidebar how do you know listen no listen
no Kong that's a tiger so if you yeah
just gonna keep it calm Keep Calm okay
dude this is muggins Kong to savage like
is he crazy right now this is a big I
don't think I've seen Kong as on alert
as I have read yeah seriously he knows
something's up but he still wants to
play yo you are crazy
Tiger bro you gotta chill that's what
I've been saying let me translate he's
saying subscribe to Logan Paul vlogs yo
so Kong's still alive I think I think
that's good I think we keep it that way
you survived I'm so happy you're like oh
wow you interacted and played with an
actual tiger cause this is why he's at
home the savage what dog does that be
free okay
I'll okay that is the vlog today was a
fun one a lot of good stuff Morrow is
moving day I think I hope assuming Lydia
didn't mess up which is very likely but
if you have not hit the subscribe button
do me a favor smack it in the face for
me
hit it upside the head join the low
getting the strongest family on the
internet and hop your maverick merge the
hot is marching the game red logan paul
comm zoom in on my stache slash shop or
lincoln description house tour vlog
tomorrow you guys are not gonna want to
miss it low gang I love y'all I was the
you tomorrow my
yeah
