it doesn't excite me that my whole life
now revolves around trying to catch a
guy pooping outside of my box this is a
real life Rob this is an issue my vlog
yesterday my entire vlog was about
trying to catch this person by the way I
say guy gender equality right it's 2017
it could be a female yeah exactly but
you know what does excite me you your
boy got alert alert oh your camera
thinks you heard someone talking at 6:57
a.m. they go the gate is open and
they're climbing over the fence I don't
know what you're talking about
but yeah okay it gets better notice some
activity 6:20 a.m. hahaha there's a kind
of backpack in a reflective vest yo yo
this mother no yo he's peeing on my bus
100% oh my gosh and then he just dips yo
oh my god I was like no one is just
walking up at 6:33 a.m. we have her
first call pretty grand and he wasn't
pooping but who's to say that if you
went PMI but you didn't go poop on my
bus again
sad sad that my life now revolves around
this but my buddy how you do what's on
your nose do you do it why you got a wet
nose dude are you good where have you
been putting your face it's an
interesting morning yellow yeah oh by
the way if you don't know who I am or
you don't recognize because of my
moustache hi how are you my name is
Logan Paul and this is my vlog Channel
welcome if you're not a part of the low
game make sure you subscribe join the
strongest family on the internet we are
growing more and more every single day
and soon we'll have an army and we'll
check do you think I'm joking never
enterprise baby and speaking of that I
have my first meeting of the day I'm
going to right now I'm in an uber on the
way there and while I'm there I'm just
like checking over some of this footage
yo just real quick though that maverick
logo on the hood pretty damn good luck
on you boy did it right anyways I'm
watching through some of this um it's
crazy we capture everyone that walks by
the bus look we saw a homeless guy like
walking around on a bus just kind of
doing his thing we captured a business
guy going to his car doing doing
business stuff and stuff and then I this
one was funny we saw a mom walk up and
it looked like she was with her kid at
first I was like what's happening and
then he stood next to the bus and they
took a picture in front of it so I'm
like oh okay okay for life and he goes
he knows he watches the vlog obviously
cuz he knew where the camera was and my
boy flashes the Maverick symbol and then
dibs I couldn't tell if he was wearing
merged oh I I don't know but let's just
let's assume he was and if you have not
gotten your maverick marchetti on the
way to get Logan Paul knockout slash boo
shot or
script leak hello Birds link in
description okay let's go do some
business business cotton dork I'm fine
are we allowed to say what's going on
there just like some top secret just I
wouldn't see what we're doing but we're
doing business so first he starts peeing
in the corner let's go maverick
interpreter say brother maverick
Enterprise y'all I do have bad news
though stomping it's time to get serious
we are outside my cool bus right now
it's right there you can see thank you
Jeff for the window and if you look to
your left you'll see the cord is
unplugged ah what is the cordon do it
connected it allowed me to use the
cameras to catch the pooper yeah I got a
notification a bit ago that said the
cameras were offline but it's okay I
feel like I feel like the guy's not
gonna do it during the daytime that's
just absurd anyways I gotta go good
stuff guys bangers back in the crib yo
guess who else is back
okay I have something to tell you real
high or something to tell you I'm not
gonna tell you ya can't do that to me
before okay before I get into it guys I
always talk about being a map right look
at look at the knee outside I always
talk about being different like doing
what you have to do to accomplish your
goal that's what I did you know I say
this all the time but growing up in Ohio
and not listening to what everyone
thought whatever I did what I needed to
do to accomplish what I wanted to a cop
here is a really good example of that in
real life
come outside whether it involves not
sleeping whether it involves studying a
little bit harder or a creativity kind
of think outside the box bro okay here's
a good example
get over there look at this sign in the
window of the hotel next door they
rented a room put a sign in the window
that says Logan Paul I challenge you to
a rap battle on October 17th on w roof
oh that's creative that's marketing yes
I'm aware I'm a white guy but that
doesn't mean I can't rap in fact I'm
making a song do rap you can fly but you
can't hide what ya looked at Mustang boy
you can't avoid it
I'm always coming for you I got weird
you telling him to lick your mustache or
look at it maybe yeah my next song no
handlebars little rapping it's gonna be
interesting than just a white kid right
no guys it's Lydia - Wow
what if I told you the camera caught
somebody no no be on the bus on the bus
wheel
nice so he just me and rose up and
you're like oh we're like what you gonna
do what the fuck
like bro he's not broke he could have
just peed on the wall and then he's also
why are they wearing a frickin like
safety jacket yeah that's weird like I
think this is like thought out you think
I don't you think I'm at 6:30 a.m.
that's why we meditated but yeah look it
you think this is premeditated yo okay I
don't know what's going on but I do know
one thing needs to happen
I can't people just be good people
why oh my god it smells like pee right
now really because you just washed it
off yo this disappoints me bro I can
just tell by the way it smells that man
was not hydrated so you guys saw the
extension cord like I said earlier has
been unplugged again gate is open to get
into the to get to the outlets there
must be some sort of like hoedown
cookout thing going cuz look right there
that's where the homeless people who I'm
assuming assuming hope of a blast
normally camp outs I don't know this
gonna happen tonight blud it's time to
get plugged back in what do you see bro
I'm not even kidding look at the gate
Brendan bro the gates closed how does
that happen
lady look at her you know Haiti this
makes me wonder bro I wonder if the
hoedown cookout has to be with them
still being here today because yesterday
I saw no lady I could just hop the fence
and plug in my course this puts me in a
predicament because tomorrow I'm going
to the movie premiere for my friend King
matches movie which I'm in I'm an actor
bro and we're taking the cool bus there
we hired a driver there's gonna be like
eight to ten of us in the bus and I
can't poop outside it maverick is that
you can you put her on my arm maverick
doesn't have his wings clipped I made
out with your bird you mad when you say
you can get your maverick merch at Logan
Paul calm slash shop no chance she says
that no I like your bird I have a bird
myself Sun Conure we go oh if you
birthed a female which is bitches smash
yeah right haha anyways uh one fun thing
that happened today so you guys remember
that show I shot called Logan Paul
versus how do you make that I mean like
I put it in the microwave in absolutely
episode came out yeah they come out
every tuesday on my facebook page this
one is logan paul vs. small town mayor
literally was the mayor of a town for a
mayor of a town for a day it was a
Ruston Louisiana wait a second post this
is the episode where I found kong-chi
love me come love me hi no no this is
where I met calm oh my gosh
Oh quick flashback you look at this I
need that I need that in my life
Oh guys I'm literally in love with this
animal
so cute he was cute
anyways yeah that was then here is the
trailer for that episode you see Ronnie
the thing about change is it all starts
I'm your new mayor I'm your new mayor
Logan Paul nice to meet you seven years
ago I became the mayor legal play my
child named Brendan look again oh don't
think about touching that plate what
does he always go for the plate if we
wait long enough like that's like father
like son do we have a vlog Brendan I
think we do all right guys it was weird
like I said it this morning a lot of
business a maverick Enterprise is
growing and then and then I'm planning
on a stop tool in my mouth full and then
I wrote the treatment for the next music
video that we're shooting though
handlebars shooting that the 24th so
just like a lot of business like
corporate stuff today
you know this every day I want to
deliver the best content possible for
you guys so I'm not here vlogging my
life away literally I've stopped
remembering my life and
like that's what I do for you guys low
gang I freakin love you okay so yeah
wrap up Logan Paul versus link for that
is in the description or my facebook
page Logan Paul you should watch episode
leaving a like it's really funny
subscribe if you were not a part of the
low gang during the strongest family on
the internet and copy room at have
emerged Logan Pollack I'm / shopper
Lincoln description the hottest softest
merchand the game
not to mention Mavericks the different
ones that once who changed the world low
gang I love y'all and I will see you
tomorrow take it easy fan
