go we got a giant poem at the bottom an
automat what are you doing whoa no no I
know you were on the counter Mavericks I
saw you with my eyeball let's play a
little game little gang shall we it's
called uh what has maverick destroyed
today come check it out I leave a
keyboard next to his cage homie
absolutely rips it to shreds matter
what's your deal bro no do you like
these did you want to type something you
didn't oh oh now you don't want to type
any now you don't want to type any they
can destroy could you send an email
the longer I stay in this house the less
funny idea Yolo game we gotta get out
dude you're losing your mind I know I am
I'm look at Brown ridin wearing pants
bro I feel like I'm just caught in a
prison cell they don't wear pants and
prison cells uh Evan you're Abdul then
we're pants and prison cells yeah they
know right all right I guess they don't
brother cuz haven't been to jail have
you been in jail hey good morning
Hey bubbies meet each other and love
each other never get sick of the tapping
sound that already makes which it's the
ground let's start here you out of my
hair music video he's gonna be out it's
out today oh I dropped what a hundred
and I think at the final party there one
hundred forty thousand dollars on this
video I just as an artist I was like I
have to do this I know why ski jump
that's the fact not gonna be broke it is
solo gang do me a favor if you're
watching this right now you can leave
this you can leave this vlog right now I
don't even care I want you to go like
the music video right now and if it's
not out yet it's coming out in two hours
if you guys have your notifications on
and you're like one of the first group
of people that watches the vlog coming
out don't worry but this movement March
March
I check it out Backman out of my hair
with the Maverick logo not in the front
I don't know if you could tell that is
that's my hair you see okay this teacher
is only gonna be available for 48 hours
so if you feel like taking a little
piece of time in the Lumpkin pull of
life turning it into a piece of mango
trying precious you just wanna touch it
and top charts a spot actually I don't
know I'm gonna get impeached by law like
legal action do I need pants you need
pants my laws okay talk to you later
today I feel like the sickness is
finally going away what better way to
celebrate the take on the brain song
good news low gang as you know we had an
issue with the cool bus we had a bad
case of humans pooping outside of it
well no friend don't show the bum good
news is there are no new poops today so
maybe they saw the vlog from yesterday
and learn their lesson come on
really uncomfortable for me what it's
right there yeah for sure
yeah I understand fuck you bags oh my
god it's my big bag yo we're gonna be so
freaking cute
whippin on this pumpkin patch crazy like
this kids here I'm not wearing pants big
deal or no like they're like short short
shorts
yeah exactly Berkeley like the school if
you buy these pumpkins the money goes
towards books
yo this is amazing I'm not a pumpkin guy
but y'all got some dope um buy some
pumpkins like do a good deed pumpkin
this time not perfect that's a perfect
pump right this pumpkin looks like it
had plastic surgery bro guaranteed like
Brennan I'm just gonna have you do this
randomly pointing to a pumpkin I bet
it's perfect go go go quick damn yo
Berkley you're the man
I like fall we should take some basic
tumblr picks and the door is included in
that
yo my man Berkeley's got some inside
information well we got put them in a
brown paper bag yeah yeah well that
thing turn into a stick of popcorn we
got 54 pounds I'm Evan door problems
the window you know what Halloween is I
know you from Spain are you stupid of
course I know I think you're the stupid
one for asking me if I'm stupid
obviously I'm stupid
which makes you someone on my level if
pumpkins in Spain yes what is wrong with
you guys
I could give you a list I'm cocky
egotistical maniac got a really dumb
brother I'm not wearing pants
why not that's why just practice man I
was like we could go home and do the
microwave thing with the corn that
Berkeley told us about but then I was
like bro we got a microwave the cool bus
I said we're just doing here bro
hopefully yo if it explodes that's a
wrap dog yes yes all the hook I feel
like we should give it like although
maybe like Lima breathe maybe we maybe
we should put like butter on it or
something
Lydia do we have butter yo this is the
first thing we've cooked in here might
be the last let's go talk about you can
eat the popcorn once we make it if it
works soot is it me or does it actually
smell like popcorn right now it does
really bro no Judy we're making you do
it even pop you see that's what that
noise is no no not me no no why you
called popcorn yo what would nice I feel
like as mother god it's like well sorry
I didn't know you're the expert a pop
sound so
oh so what it's great my god it tastes
like unsalted on butter's yeah dude like
ass yo Berkeley is a vlogger he knew ate
this corn it's been pop yeah we gotta go
give this to Berkeley Berkeley what
screen right no they closed
Berkeley your cord thing work Berkeley
this is for you tomorrow my friend
damnit oh I'm good-looking I have a plan
here it involves you actually so be
honest I have no interest in carving the
actual pumpkin I just want to put it in
here you know are you going out tonight
bro girls love pumpkin spice lattes oh
my god all you gotta do is hop in this
pumpkin
scare like it bro guarantee oh snap you
can definitely fit in there I'll get
some lunch tighter than I thought
I think we'd still try bro yeah yeah for
sure here's here's something you're
doing a lot of go we got a giant the
comedy so he doesn't fit all the way
maybe just like trying to close it
trying to like just shove them in there
yeah yeah I'm just like suckin really
suckin suckin
you're not Indian I'm just like trying
to find it's good for you hugging me
like a tree I think it's trying to rub
it on you oh we should put it on your
head bro okay pumpkin
put my door away at him Wow actually
happy bro yo how's it feel is happy
right yeah this is amazing Evan yeah hey
joking you hold up let me get a
thumbnail for you stop no no no fingers
just grab it like no grab it garlic put
the middle fingers yeah
okay great now let's actually go back to
real life yo I think you're actually
stuck dogs guys were you not reporting
and who you got recording I gotta roll
on this
I didn't I hit it twice do we put it
back in your head real quick very
serious no I fell you okay the whole
time for your eyes perfect so perfect
Wow oh and you might have a problem I
think I do I have a lot of problems in
my life in general but this is hilarious
you're my favorite person on planet
Earth
a couple quick things before I leave out
of my hair music video is now I'll go
check it out the link to that is in the
description it's also on this channel so
I'm sure you've seen it if you're
waiting to see it and you haven't see
the yet turn your notifications not for
my channel why don't you already have
already done that I just need to say
anything in let's go to the channel - in
the locating the story's family on the
internet and copy your exclusive 48-hour
out of my hair shirt me and my hair the
only way to get a look of all that cop /
a twirling in description and download
the song and iTunes streaming on Spotify
let's break some records baby help me
help you
part 2 lo que I love y'all now see you
tomorrow take it easy
I just
Oh
