oh that's so funny it's got her milk in
it who did you see your milk can you
want to make off with it just had a food
delivery I don't know if you guys want
to see what we've got a fuck-off showed
it to four four ah maybe maybe I'll get
all out and we'll see what you guys
doing I got your milk
so I just give you a little bit of a
run-through I've put some things already
away already but we've got strawberries
cuz Indy likes them and automate more
smoothies Tomatoes I got this vegan
sun-dried tomato pesto give it a try
give it a try stir fry stuff kale
butternut squash sweet potato and some
feta as well to make Indy some meals
with and then I want these as well as a
snack with with some hummus and then I
always get ginger I always get the
basics as well like obviously onions
ginger Chili's got some jalapenos this
time yeah that's that so for dinner I've
just made this quinoa Mexican bowl and
again I'm obsessed with this cookbook at
the moment so late to the party but it's
the Mexican cue able in deliciously Ella
the only thing I didn't have was well I
didn't really get too soaked cashews in
a bowl didn't really know she had to do
that for four hours it's Wednesday annum
on Oxford Street I'm up in unto my Jason
today actually we're shooting for a
video but
first I'm gonna go get my lashes done
because now I'm prepping for next week
because we're going away I'm running a
little bit late because we missed the
bloody train we had to drive over there
jumped out the car got into the
underground because we're going to
different places he's getting his hair
done in Covent Garden anyways so I'm
getting them done in Phoenix I always
want to say Fenwick because that's how
it looked it's pronounced but anyway I
haven't got my lashes done in here
before so I hope I like them
so just have my lashes done I didn't
look it's obviously the whole time I'm
kind of like no I'm just gonna go meet
JC baby I think we're gonna get coffee
and then start shooting actually he
should be in here he just got his hair
oh is that him nope that's not him
no it's it like a stalker by the way
guys if you're ever in Covent Garden and
this is so good I really want to go back
in here sticks and sushi I think I've
looked it before but yeah it's like a
mix of scandi and Japanese I think
no this one could I
how's your half so we've just discovered
this shop
oh my god no you're not I would totally
get back so I love her a little bit is
that sighs yeah look it's a harry potter
shop he wants a bloody broomstick
he wants a broomstick they're 250 pounds
he's losing his mind this is amazing the
monster book of monsters and Buckbeak
okay well then it's not it very soon
that got any food cause worth I'll get
already hungry no I'm gonna get one of
the year's and some bread this is so
good I was still in Covent Garden I just
got some sunglasses and some earrings
from mango we started him around for
some trainers Jason what's in the
trainers anyway the same pair of
trainers every day for about a year or
two no Frank destroyed my trade so now I
have to get new ones
yep and he cheats them a light like
these actually they're the only ones I
really wear cuz I don't I don't not
usually a trainers girl but he just
nibbled the edges at the back so no one
should notice it's fine
he'll only just started doing various
for attention since India
yes bloody freezing today so we've got
maybe about half an hour left then we're
gonna head home
oh don't puke on me
hey guys it's Thursday and today I'm
back up in such talks about two meetings
like they burn away next week so I'm
just picking up some bit like traveling
bags from Muji because they just have
the best things ever
they're so cute I want everything so I
got some little makeup cases I got like
make you know like a headband for when
you do your makeup it's so soft
I'll show you guys when I get home I'll
probably see you after we're having a
coffee and stuff I never know whether to
say you need to meet things with or not
but yeah it's the reason the meeting was
lovely and it turns out that we actually
has really really mutual friend but all
supposed to be at a wedding this week
and we can go but we would have been at
the same wedding this weekend which is
so crazy like we met and we were just
like hi nice to meet you and then like
half an hour we were like oh we almost
know each other so I got home to the
most amazing package from Charlotte
Charlotte Charlotte Sylvie and look at
it look look you can see one already in
deal of sperm I've got basically the
biggest books I've ever seen in my life
full of balloons I haven't actually seen
what is at the bottom yet we've just
been really excited opening she bumped
her chica a nursery by the way yeah she
loves is she looking for it not sure
hey guys I'm just Netflix well I'm
trying to Netflix and chill let me turn
this down
I just toned my hair but I think it went
tragically wrong my hair has gone white
bear least it's not really orange
that's worse I guess but yeah I've been
trying to sort it out by like cleansing
out the purple shampoo I just used a
purple shampoo the bleach one and it was
so powerful all I do at the moment is
listen to my favorite murder the podcast
I love it so much and they mentioned one
of the girls mentioned worm word twitch
it's on Netflix so I might watch it I
haven't heard anything about it hmm
so I thought I would just show you guys
why I picked up today and like always
I'm being quiet cuz indie sleeping but I
got some really good bitch from Muji
I've got they
back look how cute is this as if the
price is wrong naturally oh yeah this
was like 15 pounds I caught this because
I'm plan to use this for my makeup so
basically we're going to buy next week
oh my god I'm so excited this could be a
really handy little you know travel bag
for makeup so I can put a little bit in
there and then there's a little zip
section in the middle as well for
smaller bits then I got this one so this
is just you know quite simple yeah just
simple you guys gonna see what it looks
like I thought this is good for other
toiletries and bits this could actually
also be good for underwear this was
about 13 pounds then I got this this is
just a little makeup brush holder like a
travel brush case I thought I'd give it
a whirl why not six pounds I got to look
at this this is just like a headband for
when you're doing your makeup and it's
like a toweling material but a really
soft one just saw these and I really
hope I picked up the right things I
think I've seen other people mention
ease but it's just like a plastic case
basic if I'm going to take it in our
suitcase planning to them put our dirty
clothes in it for you know when we're
coming home so they're not mixed you
know all the dirty and clean clothes
aren't mixed together so that was a
tenner and a double one because I
thought some you know he do Jason's and
mine separately yeah so that's the bits
I got from Muji I got a body brush from
boots just the boots botanics one
because I really want to try dry
brushing you know you're like dry brush
before you shower and apparently is
really good for like cellulite and
circulation and in these bags there's
bits that I got from my meetings today
but I think I'll go into those tomorrow
because I'm so tired right now yeah oh
my god over here so sometimes I can't
store story things and then I forget -
you know vlog them as well maybe I'll
say this tomorrow as well because it's
bad lighting but under this and other
story sent me a little package which I'm
so over the moon about they're literally
my favorite high street shop thank you
and in case you guys wondered these bits
were in the huge books with the balloons
from Charlotte Tilbury so I've got the
your lip service this like has a
collection of three lipsticks they're
called
legendary Queen the queen and Duchess to
show you one at the moment
this is the Queen amazing and then this
one is cool
opium noir there's a gorgeous dark shade
look at that and then this lip liner I
feel like I'm gonna be obsessed with
this it's such a nice shade it's like a
movie brown reddish color it's called
love trap I can't wait to try out I want
to put it on tomorrow Thank You
Charlotte Tilbury that was the best
package and India loved it as well
she's like no I wasn't having fun do you
like mommy's new travel cases hmm it's
very big oh I am pop into the gym what
day is it Friday and yeah me and ends up
at a nice little morning together and
I'm coming back my mom's coming over as
well and I'm gonna be filming a video
I've got a hold to do I'm really excited
about it it's a Topshop one later I'm
doing a meet-up in House of Fraser with
jumuchi beauty and I'm so excited
because I haven't done a meet-up for so
long so it'd be so nice to meet you guys
and I always love meeting you so I hope
people come that'll be really
embarrassing if they don't feeling
pretty good today
and don't ask about my hair it's just up
in a in a plat because you know when
you're you know you're going to the gym
and you're just like there's no point
making any effort like you know in the
morning because I'm just gonna get all
sweaty
hae-in's what sure I wrote Edie her
trousers are so cute they're from done
okay they're from John Lewis and I can't
before her talked so much me it's just a
little vest but she she always loves
playing with my makeup oh and any don't
eat that while I'm just waiting to go to
the gym I thought I'd share with you
some bits from yesterday
sorry Cindy's gonna sabotage this a bit
but
and I've got some bits from laura
mercier yesterday and after my meeting
and I'm so excited about you guys know
that I love a good base especially
concede so the this is the flawless
fusion or ultra longwear concealer it's
like alongside their foundation of the
same range it should be high coverage
gorgeous images as well look at the Hat
are you interested you ain't need this
ever and then sorry this is featuring
indie but I'm sure you guys don't mind
do you like that one
it's from glam glow from yesterday and a
toy Burch perfume a glitter mask I'm so
excited and the Galactic cleanse and the
super cleanse so this is like the
cleanser version of their white mask
which is their most popular one are you
just having fun there hey guys now it is
 hey guys it's about half three
now I've just finished filming I filmed
a whole which should be up on Wednesday
I think but yeah it went really well but
there's I'm so gutted because there's a
package but I wanted to show in this
haul and it hasn't arrived yet it's
supposed to come today oh so I'm just
gonna have to show like cutaways of the
stuff and yeah so yeah my mum's here
she's downstairs indie sleep in Jason's
working downstairs and look at this mess
sneaky peek at time for cutaways it
now I just made it up to ops Street I've
been here so many times this week and
yeah I'm headed to my Meetup I'm getting
there like half an hour early I guess to
kind of get you know prepared
so--but the XS like rush hour it's crazy
I'm really excited to me everyone I hope
people come
here we go these are the first two w
girls that come say hi you have a
youtube channel right now so nice to
meet everyone that came thank you so
much if you came and sorry that this
camera is always blurry but yeah it's
such a nice time but thank you so much E
for having me as well and I'm just
popping to Pratt to get like some dinner
I might look for a cheeky Valentine's
present for Jason and then I'm just
gonna head home and check out yeah
really happy I just I love meeting you
guys I'm gonna stop now I can't talk
anymore
please excuse my sighs I haven't got any
makeup on or anything but I really
wanted to like jump in and just say hi
and cuz so I've like I've had such a
good week and such a crazy like like
running around wheat and it kind of like
jumped in at the very beginning like
headfirst it's been a bit go go go so I
just feel like I haven't had an actual
you know like I really like every week
just sitting down like whether it's like
do my makeup will take my makeup off or
something and like catching up with you
guys so I haven't really been able to do
that this week and yesterday I went over
to my cousin's house because she had a
little family get-together so I you know
that I'd spent my afternoon and with my
family which was so nice it was so nice
to catch up with everyone the Maldives
I'm I still hotly I actually got to go
I'm like that it's just like one of my
number one dream locations like I
seriously never thought I'd ever be able
to go there in my life so I'm so so
thankful so grateful to benefit thank
you so much for taking me and I had such
an amazing time etosha and with everyone
and I think some people thought that I
wasn't spending time with other people
on the trip I was it's just when you're
all having like a heart-to-heart and a
chat you don't really think to get the
vlog camera out and start like like oh
hold up say that again so um no like I
had such a good time with everyone
yeah as always saying III went to get
indie because she had woken up but the
moldy strip was absolutely unreal and
thank you guys so much for all of your
lovely feedback on the video as well
honestly like doing any travel vlogs or
traveling any way it makes me feel so
alive I feel like I'm at my happiest
when I'm travelling like it doesn't
matter who it's with or anything I just
feel like I really I don't know it just
like makes me feel brighter if that
makes any sense it's so nice to just
have these opportunities and just like
make the most out of every minute of it
anyway I'm gonna stop being a cheesy but
if you haven't seen my blog then I'll
link the vlog down below or just head
over to my main channel and it's you'll
see it you'll see it on there today I've
uploaded a video which is like a full
face of glossier makeup as well so it's
like
a lot of it's my first impressions on
things or kind of reviews if they're
things that I've been using for a while
and I've really enjoyed doing it I want
to do more full face looks so I hope you
guys like it and it would it would
really really help me out if you like if
you watch a subscribe like anything you
guys do like sharing wise really really
helps us these days because it's bloody
hard at the moment thank you guys so
much for watching if I forgotten
anything or forgotten to mention
anything I'll put it down in the
description box I'm going to edit this
as soon as I can and get it up I hope
you're already well don't forget to like
the video if you liked err check me out
on Instagram as well I'll see you guys
next week hopefully it might be on my
main channel next week's blog but yeah
bye yeah
