kind of struggling with the sunlight
today but hey guys it's December the
14th today and this is really weird
lighting I mean back up maybe that's
better today Jason and I are heading to
central London and we're gonna do
coffeee
but also we're gonna trial it for some
Christmas presents and some things for
each other because we haven't actually
planned what we're getting each other
cuz yeah but I wanted to show you guys
this dress that I'm wearing but I feel
like in this mirror it's just not
working - the weird sunlight but this
dress is from All Saints and oh my god I
love it look like nothing does this for
me how is it doing this it's like making
me look like I've got a bum it's so nice
oh my god it's so soft it's this knitted
dress it's got a really nice tie detail
on the sleeve and then it's got this
little slit here but it's not too high
so for autumn/winter
you know it's not too exposing and you
could obviously wear it with tights and
I think I'm just gonna work with boots
today I love it I'll link it down below
it's the first time I've tried it on
today I feel a little bit like Morticia
Addams but I really like chic Morticia
Addams I'm wearing my massima s necklace
and then these earrings I got they
arrived yesterday and I believe that
designers called Jane Kyong I'm probably
saying that wrong
I'll link her website down below she's
got gorgeous jewelry on there I believe
she's Danish as well and but yeah look
at these earrings they're so nice this
room is turning into plan room there's
plants everywhere but they kind of don't
match cuz this that's like a bit of a
knot palm but you know that kind of
shape and then this then over there
we've got PICUs is it called
and then there is faux eucalyptus and
then over here is Penelope so it doesn't
really make sense but I'm all ready to
go so good drag Jason out now
so we've made it and we're just kind of
starting our Christmas shopping now I've
already got up with one down so that's
good we're headed up to Selfridges
because I thought laughter well we'll
probably get most of our bits it's just
nice when everything's at one place
we've gone I don't wanna get shot so I
won't get sued or something when I'm
Harris
oh he's got food come into the disney
shop to see if we can find any good bits
I found look how cool this mug is so
we're in Selfridges yeah just a lovely
subscribe doing it explain what you're
looking for speak up I thought we found
the one with the best colouring wrong
cure but I said it doesn't matter
because this it's like perfectly
imperfect this is actually really cute
as well isn't it it doesn't feel as soft
there
I went for steam I usually get grilled
but Jason's always like you should get
steamed you should get steamed trying it
and their ships so that so now we're on
Regent Street we're going to pop into
Jake through
yes pistol on the hub tickets began in
oh I did realize as a mentor
so we're back home but I'm dressed a bit
like I'm going to a funeral but I've
just put on my just like simple black
hoodie hoodie on top of my dress because
I'm just gonna hey it's actually I'm
just going to go to Tesco quickly and
get us a bit of food because we have no
food in the house and then I'm going to
go pick up little Inns I think I'm gonna
make like a creamy pasta
I saw Barbara do it with her mom and her
Channel and since I always crave her so
or any cream so I'm making some pasta
her husband has ordered five guys how
rude
I just really felt like pasta today but
of course I'm stealing some of his chips
huh mmm here's a really good one
and pretty much done with my pasta and
I'm starving I'm gonna go and demolish
this now and have it's quite a little
side of broccoli hey guys it's the next
morning I've kind of lost my voice today
I do have it but when I try and do any
like a high-pitched noises it's just not
there I just didn't love love to finish
too abruptly so thank you guys for
watching
my room looks absolutely crazy with all
these like plants everywhere I think I
need to sort this out maybe I'll move
some of them anyway oh my god my dinner
was so good
oh it was so good maybe I'll do a little
cooking video on in I'll see you guys
tomorrow
bye
