20 of the think coaches insane we we're
just happened
we're just going to habitat and a few
other stores this morning because I kind
of want to be able to do more to my
office rooms and silver boxes and staff
of you just need a few bits yep so we
just grabbed a sense
comments on my video hilarious
people that look like talking about my
life which is green
well she has brown eye color not blue
and it's so freak green
on the way back we're just grabbing a
hot chocolate from Starbucks I do really
feel like the coffee I don't have any
energy but they're hot chocolates are
better than their coffee
so with popping a pin some Prosecco try
to say that fast we dance popping over
in the brazuca I always get scared of
opening what anyway hmm I'm ordering
take away again I got a whole chicken
I've got a whole chicken but Jason won't
have the whole chicken right so it's
about quarter past 6:00 now and haven't
really much today I've been in a
bit of a bad I woke up on the wrong side
of the beds like I just woke up and I
was really moody see I don't know why
that is
yes I basically I mean that's why I
haven't was logging a lot today but oh
we gave the dogs Papa she knows I've
just been I've been sorting out my
office Roman like putting bits away and
just trying to organize it a bit and
putting on clothes and you've just
ordered food and we're trying to set up
our projects her over in problems with
my camera so I don't I can't flip it
round on me now I'm just running a bath
because we've got a big old bath here
and I just feel like a nice calming bar
so um
I used my Neal's Yard I love this for
aromatic framing bar so calming and then
I might put a bit of orange and ginger
flight in as well and I'm just gonna go
on my lap so like watched up on my
laptop and chill flip it a bath dominum
and this was these were given to me by a
lovely subscriber look at the dogs
waiting for me and my bath yeah at BOTS
Park so thank you you're gonna use one
of them now I wonder if she knew but
there this is half of the comforter
which is one of my favorite ones thank
you I'm gonna put it in now where's it
gone I can't find it I'm gonna have the
both boys should you have a bath scene
should you have a bar soon think you
should and it's uh I'm about to get in
the bath but I thought and I'm just
gonna start editing so I thought I'd end
off this vlog here I don't know if I'll
make this one whole look because I feel
like there's not enough footage so yeah
Oh to find that out later but anyway
thank you guys for watching
I've also been doing like I've been
doing some bits in my room so I'll show
you that soon as well so yeah okay I
will see you guys tomorrow sorry about
today it's not been amazing ah and look
what I'm wearing I'm wearing like my new
yellow skirt from Topshop but I and like
her white top underneath but it's not
warm enough so I put up a bit of what am
I saying I put on top this big chunky
chunky jumper and it looks nuts probably
look a bit wince at that with Michaela
and we're just on the second outfit
and we found this little news how cute I
hope people don't come out and tell us
off like get out of my news think my
cameras broken
just got caught we got caught in a
downpour so I'm so wet I'm cold I'm just
gonna jump in the shower there's some
fold claims about some latte art so true
you know I'm gonna do it but I mix all
the milk together people miss your
cooking by the way in the vlogs
yeah it's nice it's in like that's nice
I don't me like that's nice so they're
never gonna see it again okay he's
changing over in between jugs can I try
a second one no no this that was that
was my law practice the second one skin
whatever
oh yeah no I did say at the beginning it
looks promising I was like oh my god
this is what it looks like and then I
ruined it with a it was the frosh skill
no I just don't know how to do it I was
in the right I was doing here and I
think I should have been there
wait she that gun I was here yeah I
should have been there yeah come
backwards back Joe Frank enjoy coffee
hey guys so as I'm filming on Jason's
camera because mine is like fudged focus
we just ordered some food and then and
then I don't think we've said it but
we're going to winter wonderland with
them Hannah and sex is so good because
I've been wanting to go for ages this
year haven't been yet so it should be oh
yeah yeah crazy yeah it's always like
good fun even though it can be so busy
and everything but it really makes you
feel Christmassy so I'm really excited
today anyway we're just gonna eat
quickly then just kind of kind of got a
rush get ready and then leave
we got takeaway again we're just going
down and into the underground on to the
underground why worry
we're just getting to the entrance
you
it's gonna do a shooting game and try
and get me a penny
tell us about six because I wasn't one
and I washed my hands on the steering
wheel and snipped my liver
we just got back home so I thought I'd
just wrap up this vlog we had such a
nice time with Hanna and Steph even
though we didn't have that much time
they're everywhere started closing
outfit which was annoying but I got my
cherry sauce so and how unbelievably
happy
I just didn't talk for about 10 minutes
straight amazing I'll insert a picture
now if you guys wondered this is what I
wore my beings from accessorize my top
is from Topshop my jeans are from
Topshop and my beats are for All Saints
and theirs right so we'll see you guys
my MA don't wave bye
