hi guys
so watching
morning guys welcome to is it what is it
17 they 17 I think I have just left just
left the house
I've exploring where we where we live my
morning place you know so I'm on the way
to don't know I guess it clogged in yeah
I'm on the way to meet someone
I got shoot today so that should be
really fun looking forward to it and I'm
also going think I'm going to treat
myself to a new video camera because I'm
planning the start of my vlogging
channel and I want to get really really
good quality videos
hey guys welcome to day 19 I'm just
about to take the dogs on a walk because
Jason's gone out actually he's shooting
someone today so he comes this rope
we're gonna go for an al-saleem tee like
a Christmas eopsneun tee which should be
so good and I haven't finished my makeup
yeah actually cuz I'm taking them out
since no point so I'm gonna quickly take
them out I don't know if I'll vlog yeah
I kind of I probably just get it done
quickly because it's not I don't know I
mean we would be there first walk it
will be my first walk with them here
which would be nice but and it's quite
nice weather today okay so I'm gonna
take them out and then I'll catch up
with you guys probably when I'm leaving
to go meet Jason tomorrow that's lovely
look at the rope before I go you must
have the chocolate 19 yeah
I love at this point because most of
them are gone so you can find them
straight away yes it's a big one I'm
actually gonna happen and mince pie for
breakfast because I've got no I've had
no breakfast and I need fuel for this
walk
well looks so different to a minute I've
just got ready and just about to leave
the house and watch the dogs it was a
really nice walk because we went to
where Riley's old parkour switch and so
when I've looked there again you guys
are probably recognize it and then came
back and just have like curled my hair I
just want to feel burly again you know
can you move you ended up looking like a
tramp so I'm just about to leave and
Jason may be getting a 70d camera today
so yeah we're gonna see if we can do
that before the afternoon tea which is
in Belgravia so right yeah I'm gonna oh
okay oh god not a good way to show you
my outfit but I thought I'd wear this
coat today which will be featured in a
wall on my main channel I filmed a whole
new in like first impression video so if
you guys want to see that hop over to my
main channel and I featured this coat in
that hall as well anyways I'm wearing it
with my free people dress which I'm
obsessed with I feel like a big fairy in
it
who are we gonna be a little bit earlier
than ever I think he might still be
shooting emotions
I definitely need a co feels floating
asleep on the train
but I can't believe also that coming
tonight's rich like parents and Harris's
honest assets they're like a business at
state Christmas
say this comes out right at Harrods but
today we have it going to me do you know
what it's not as busy as it usually is
Jason's running away I'm not sure what
to do I don't know whether to go there
and wait for him or just
and I don't know whether to go into
shops
I don't necessary we're here that I can
get a Christmas present because he's
really picky Wow look at the Harvey next
windows
it's gonna pop and see if I can get
Danny's present so we just got into con
Street
so it's on point Street sounds like
poncey but get some shots proper shots
and everything show you guys so we're
gonna have champagne and they're gonna
bring us kind of like a big selection of
everything I form a lot of those things
basically so it should be you got such
good flow English and I tried to it
takes it's like a lot of factors but in
relation to hand this is cool
we need it
giving a bit to feed sit everything so
Lily's good just redstone and they're
quite small as well we have a very tiny
lady names and
we're just ingested I think he's gonna
get a 17-day which is really exciting
and I think he's gonna be dancing
dancing vlogging with it which would be
your buzz
we found a Christmas tree store
literally around the corner from my
house nice people
these are called pins and needles
nothing
that's all one-off to get I was gonna
say bags but you can't really put it in
a bag so we're just walking home now I'm
literally carrying the tree home it's
quite heavy is that heavy coming take it
we're just unwrapping the Christmas tree
oh it's down down sorry yeah it's lovely
for him hair I feel like it should go in
the chairs place though oh yeah that'll
be nice yeah so the doctors are eating
dinner and I'm making mulled wine so
yeah I put a little cinnamon stick in
there as well trying to get fancy with
it but the cameras running out of
battery so I don't know how much more
footage I'll be able to get before I
have to charge it again but yes
then we're gonna order some food because
we don't still don't really have food in
because we're new here still and we're
rubbish Franklin don't go near him
uneasy - um yeah so tired again don't
it's just been quite a long day
I just thought actually I can add in
real life orange to that and like try
and add to the flavor
look how Barbie I'm doing it whoops
maybe you should add cinnamon do you
have cinema
you
