hey guys welcome to day 17 I think my
grandma's know very well so we're able
to see we're off to see her this morning
so yeah we just got some like coffees
and stuff right I just bumped into a
lovely subscriber in Starbucks oh I
didn't catch her name and then later on
I've got like a wire sell drinks where
the Victoria
I think Amelia is gonna be there as well
so yeah and then I'm probably carry on
painting the room I woke up extra early
this morning to start trying to finish
my office room painting it
this is my love needs it's like what's
your name nice to meet ya
no it's about 1 1 o'clock you know and
I'm just on my way to Dean Street for
the for the drinks running a little bit
late but I've let them know so it's okay
yeah I'm feeling a bit weird I think I
need to eat something I don't know if
it's because because I've ever seen
Jason's grandma I don't know I just been
a little bit should be okay
meet them on the second floor hey my oh
bloody you spot it won't go away it's a
lot later now and I got back home I
finished painting my won't be mine my
office room staff room which took ages
but I've finally kind of got it done and
then I have a shower and I've come
downstairs and I'm so tired but we've
seen starless nights I'm so excited and
we ordered Thai so that's just arrived
oh that's leaving a little bit yeah
don't kill them
I'll try how do you tend to kill it all
flowers
oh and Hannah that doesn't fall Hanna
and stuff got off this isn't it so cute
cuz I had a succulent before by killed
it by accident that's such a lovely warm
and they've got a some mold why it's
very nice today
it's so I haven't put makeup on all day
that's when you know it's like busy all
day but it's not the terror what it's
like six fools here I've been editing I
hope you can hear me Jason never feels
asleep in a day
okay let me play sure like the old days
I do feel like I'm slowly catching up on
an optimist and yeah I kind of thought
oh of course I did think that during the
move
we might get a bit backlog because it's
just so nuts like if anyone's moved
house and like done most of it yourself
as well like painting the this room and
everything it's such a crazy like
juggling act
because I've been China I want the place
to look kind of vlaka below see why
we're doing floor thermostat but at the
same time I need content but then we're
not doing anything about from like
emptying boxes and stuff so that's not
really good content anyway so it's like
our whole kind of juggling act of just
trying to get moved in as quick as we
can
ready for Christmas I'm ready for
vlogmas and trying that I don't know you
know I think you guys hopefully
understand so today I just exported and
uploading my kind of catch-up vlogmas so
I'm just gonna put that out now and yeah
we didn't even realize that next weekend
we can sorry next week is Christmas
Christmas Day
what like when mom came in because she
had the dogs and I was like when's
Christmas she was like it's next week
huh oh my god we haven't even got all
our Christmas presents yet so be
prepared for the next week to be a crazy
Christmassy week hopefully because we
having to like do it all in such a short
time because of moving but yeah I'm
feeling so really happy I love this
place so far I'm really happy with it
but I'm just so it's higher than I know
I say I'm tired a lot of the time I
think it's like emotionally tired but at
the moment I'm like my body is tired my
brains Thai everything is tired you know
I'm just ya know what's happening from
now so now I'm going to edit yesterday
maybe with it with today's I didn't
finish yesterday's vlog and you really
haven't missed much apart from me
I've seen stuff I'm sorting out my
office room so I just show you how it so
the door obviously so this is how it's
the king focus this cameras getting
worse
this is how it's looking at home at the
moment it's taken so long to get it
because I've painted everywhere and
stuff and then pan to the left it's
really acting at the moment I need to
get more I love the high ceilings I need
to get more things to kind of like this
is a bit random so I think I'll get a
big rug this is a books of all my bits
and bobs and books and that's clothes
that need to go in the wash but yeah the
most important part really is like my
table and kind of little office bit and
then these are massive wardrobes which
are so handy and then we've got my big
big-ass mirror which in here doesn't
actually look that big look look at the
big ceiling and then ya say and I think
I need that ladder so I can reach the
close-up there cuz it's so high hey so I
look in here so yes that's just a update
my I've broken out so but off time of
the month and moving and vlogmas it's
like the most crazy it's like the Raven
and Christmas so yeah that's a little
update actually oh I've got some other
bits that I want to show you this is
quite nice actually because it's a
little cap shot with me like a little
personal ketchup oh I've just sprayed
this on myself okay so is it yesterday I
think yesterday I went to your meeting
with why sell Wright's lovely ladies to
look after really really good brands
like brands that I love brand that I use
you know myself anyway which is great
when you meet people when you meet with
brands that you've already worked with
before because it's just you know it's
very I haven't honest love for it also I
thought I don't show you guys what I
way with this is flower boom which I I
don't know if I've ever actually had
flower one I may have had it once quite
while ago but you guys can probably
correct me you probably know more than
me but this is a little too just
additional one and it's got this look I
love that it's amazing
I love home decor stuff that has this
this type of jazzy stuff on it I can't
talk I'm so I get I need coffee about
don't technical things of late so then I
also got I am so I off until sets of
this already I am obsessed with
everything Mason Mason Massey magic ma
merging modular I've got this cut this
replica candle now I've been lusting
over the replicas and perfumes for so
like since New York I think and this but
this is a candle which is fine with me
any instant related is good and it's
jazz club and look at this candle I just
I can't I can't look at it it smells
amazing
oh that says heady cocktails and cigars
right up my alley I also got um see this
is all this is eau de parfum I actually
don't know if it's going to perform this
is a limited edition so it might be
slightly different to the one that I've
got I really like this as well and then
I also got its well it's a new
foundation I'm not sure if it's out yet
but it's the maestro glow foundation so
I just give you a little sleepy food
nikka pink the comments use this I think
I like I'll talk about it properly when
I've tried it out and everything but
yeah I think this is out next year I
might be wrong I'm sorry I don't have
all the proper details because of the
move and everything all the all the
information is just up in the clouds
oh we're done flash to go through
everything actually I'll just give you a
little kind of history but this new nail
varnish I think you can you see it's
pink and it has an iridescent kind of
got greeny gold you know
is really different I've never seen one
like that before oh my God look at this
palette so I think this is for next
spring look at that so pretty okay I
think I must develop I'll show you it on
a different day and I also got some bits
from Z all let my do your meeting the
other day which is so amazing I'm just
so overwhelmed like I just it's crazy
say I don't have them with me at the
moment I think they're in the bedrooms
so I will show you guys those a later
date
or I will my try them out properly and
then share with you guys what I think
but amazing so I think I'm gonna go and
I need to feed the dogs and sort out
what we're gonna eat there's no food
really in the fridge and that's it for
now okay sorry I keep looking at the
screen today I'll catch up with you guys
later
we've got dinner from a place called
Luna Luna Rossa it's called but it's
also called made in Italy we've spoken
about it for it's one of the best
restaurants we've been to like the
yummiest
restaurant - - in Notting Hill and they
deliver to us with by using delivery so
it's so happy about it so we've got a
Pete sir some pasta and I got some
artichokes and calamari and we're gonna
eat and watch train wreck I can't wait
to watch it again so I loved it the
first time and that's it probably for
tonight is so we're not worried really
know this says you cannot record this
program I don't know recording on a
Renzi is wrong also sick I still haven't
got back to us about our internet which
is ridiculous oh you've been here four
days but I've gone from like yes rubbing
up nicely but honestly what the f like
this guy just didn't send a guy fried
instead the first day we moved in they
would just thought well we don't know
where the guy is and then till now
someone hasn't come yet for the Internet
maybe you're using we're using someone
else's it's fine okay
well sign off now anyway John Stape I
will see you guys tomorrow with
hopefully a four day vlog which hasn't
been one of those phrases maybe no I'm
gonna be gone in the morning but oh you
can film that sometimes that'll be good
oh yeah just on your way and I can't I
can't I can't
toes toes will be back to my usual
selves in a few okay artichoke
