I'm doing you wanna be in the shot hey
guys welcome to vlogmas day 16 i think
is it's been such a manic
I didn't have a few days yeah I know me
too a bit later
okay so we've kind of missed out a few
days so I wanted to just fill you in a
little bit so on the 14th we were
literally just packing all day and it
was such like there wasn't really much
to film it would just be us packing and
packing and packing and then but in the
evening I did think that I'd be able to
get much footage I went to a dealer
dinner and with the lovely tomorrow and
Victoria and it was so it was amazing in
there if you want somewhere nice to go
in London it's I think it's a Mayfair
yeah so I got a few bits of footage
there not too much so I'll show you that
now
I'm just on my way home from the dinner
it was a deal and tomorrow
Victoria and next morning bright and
early
we were up and straight away like
packing the stuff into the van and that
was no have you already said about that
yeah we've long morning of yesterday
we'll put that bit of footage it now and
there's also bits of us kind of on like
sorting out the house and painting the
room welcome to day 15 we're currently
moving all our stuff out been awake
since about 6:00 in the morning cuz I
couldn't get back to sleep this morning
and I wake up early Jason's not feeling
well he's come down with a bug like late
last night / early this morning so he's
like he can't do much that'sthat's that
yeah we're just about to leave I think
he won't take that much longer and then
I can show you guys a new plan it is I
make it we desperately need coffee by
house this is the outside of our house
obviously I didn't show up the focus of
stalkers but well not that any of you
asked office but so I might have turned
into a stalker when one second after the
dogs are we move so that's a lot easier
we've just left
piss off
it's been a disaster very much no no
it's not disaster nothing's gone wrong
so we so I went to bed last night and I
woke up at like 2 o'clock and therefore
and then I had the shit's which is
diarrhea for those who don't know and
I've got some other bug and I'm feel
weak and my head hurts so that sucks
because we're supposed to be pain in the
room today I think I'll still do it I'm
just gonna push myself you know we need
to get and
of moving guys oh my god it should have
taken half an hour though really I could
have done it with a brandy five minutes
no well maybe maybe 45 minutes mr. Weiss
take it took an hour and 45 minutes yeah
they do know how to fill the I know it's
just outrageous but anyway we got out
eventually it's some 10 to 10 to 11 we
were supposed to be at the property
half turn I've had it I had a call from
the station saying oh everyone that we
were supposed to meet there's gone had
to go home so I have to go go to his
actual house oh my god
it's alright we'll be fine later on um
I've got some wines you know what was
apart from our table with the heaviest
item that we had to live down was her
makeup cabinet how many I don't know 80
keynote or close to 80 kilos and maybe
even more maybe maybe they were
struggling and I was like oh it's just
my makeup like it's all for the just
this once I met crap mer mer crazy right
so I feel like I don't want to do kind
of the house tour until we've got you
know so you still don't have everything
in and it's that we still need to kind
of paint two rooms so I will show you
guys the place we're just trying to kind
of find our feet a little bit
Jason's popped out is going to get some
food because we haven't had really much
to eat he's starting to feel a bit
better which is good and yeah so did the
guys like moving our stuff they've gone
back to our other half
they're bringing like the last bits so
yeah I'm just on my own I'm just trying
to sort out some of the stuff until he
gets back Sarah yeah look well it's
quite a small place so you'll see it you
know in no time really why me just
showing you bits and bobs but just gonna
try and sort bit sell okay so we're
about to paint these walls because well
they look a bit they look lighter on
camera but they're they're like a pastel
pink colour so they have no idea what
we're doing which is doing painting for
dummies throw a mask in taping there for
skirting boards
no idea what I'm doing the last time I
painted I think I was about 12 after we
were painting the room and like putting
a lot of stuff away we popped out to go
to a home base and a few other places I
thought to bring a vlog camera because
it was still in that room so yeah that's
what happened last night and then we got
Chinese takeaway and watched a bit of
enter stellar and then fell asleep was
clear in that good
so we've woken up today obviously it's
the 16th and we're on our way to go to
Peter Jones / John Lewis in Chelsea just
because we need a lot of home bits yeah
you want to say anything else I'm still
feeling a bit ill from when I was you
and your banging headache by looking
forwards just I love a confident we woke
up and I was low on the way in London
yeah in comparison to having to get up
organize a taxi to get to train station
for a certain time anyway yeah we're in
London and it's awesome we're gonna
coffee Kings Road yeah we haven't had
anything yet a nice piece for the house
and then I think Hannah and Steph are
coming over which is actually two I feel
really bad because they weren't going to
bring him and I was like oh look at that
weird sofa oh I thought it was a wedding
shot but it's if you are moving and you
want to hire a removal company don't get
one don't get man with the van I know
they're a lot cheaper but they're a lot
cheaper for a reason because they're
pony today is gonna be getting bits and
bobs for the house and sorting the house
out and that's about it really but we'll
try make it into blog bits of tonight
yeah you know yeah it's been really hard
to try do you look nice over the move
because obviously it's just been so nice
but I think you guys understand
hopefully this may not be interesting
but it's interesting to me I want to buy
an electric skateboard and sounders want
me to get one they're so expensive it's
the same as making a Phillip Lim
fashioning no it's no I wanted one for
ages it's not it is
anyway I'm gonna take you on the journey
of me IMing and honoring about Gareth
electric skateboard just cuz I want one
so bad
I'm always not Fergus
say my hair haven't been shown you yet
so you can see like the middle parting
and then I didn't really have time to do
it scrappy this morning a lot of this my
father I wanted like hey it's all the
rage at mode like just a middle part
saying you know we are today but thank
you Nana
I was in such a rush when I was getting
it done like that's Sebastian I call him
Sebastian it's so creepy it's like a
boyband pedophile so we usually don't
show there Jason's touching up all the
pillows we like this one this is so
boring but but it is so soft a company
got coffee and the best croissant server
from Pratt and I had a little looking
brandy melville bro they didn't have
anything they're usually a full of
Germans but didn't like anything I think
I found my favorite Christmas trees so
far in any shop oh my god
I love it with em so we kind of passing
by the Christmas section oh my God look
at these tree toppers they're cute
yeah we haven't had that much luck so
far a little bit of luck which is
looking for so many different things
found some reeds and I really want one
for our new place just to make it feel
more like homey and Christmasy but
they've all got these weird sticking out
bits on like look this one's nicer
there's like it just sticks out this is
so cute oh my god teddy bear tree
getting this rug for my office room and
we're looking for a big comfy throw so
the best things ever Franklin this makes
me so happy it's a whole whole row of
throws okay oh my god how nice is this
oh I love this one as well and this is
like a quilt but it just announces
something to eat many come here
it's just enough you know we're like
xaro's down there and it's wrong with
just a cute little area and the Saatchi
galleries over there yeah it's an
Italian
it looks really good and we just got
lots of it's John Lewis yeah also I'm
wanting to do a home tour and maybe like
a write off his tour when I have it
we'll finish so let me know if you'd
like to see that as well because I've
never done a house tour before but I
think it would be good this looks so
good I got sausage grilled sausage with
some veg and lentils yeah we have no and
on the stuff I'm Co
we're just passing the the new and other
story store or them the kingsroad it
looks so amazing
has anyone been in and is it amazing all
people think i'm filming them
that's coffees in the newspaper oh oh
it's pretty
oh that would be nothing at night yeah
and I think we could possibly do it on
that floor again yeah Barry yeah it's
evening now and we're just waiting for
the lovely miss Luxx
the lovely miss Luxx to come to get here
I've got to put some bits and bobs in
the oven it's gonna sit in the fridge
we've got like pigs in blanket this I
don't know what they are
and prawns Emperor's I think we're gonna
order pizza as well which I'm so excited
for but the house is a bit of a mess I
hope you don't mind
so however instead of go ahead the boys
are going out to go and grab Gracie just
made this way Olstead Oh
okay go on go on
they just went but I always forget to
vlog the goodbye not as good a vlogger
that was so nice oh it's so nice to see
them and like chat yes so good London
and they can just pop over social graces
I'm very happy yeah we're just gonna
tidy up now and go to bed I think
and then yeah that's pretty much it so
we'll see you guys in the morning sorry
it's been a bit of a crazy vlog but yeah
we kind of like live life at the same
time is vlog everything and it can be
quite tricky but anyway No
say bye right
