morning welcome to day 12 of luck mess
and I'm so behind with the blocks at the
moment hopefully by the time you see
this I'll put the others up I hate
falling behind anyway this morning I
woke up really early to try and do like
cutaways for a video that I films the
other day and then I've got so much to
do but I'm sounds dig my glove somewhat
to do but also my hair needs doing so
badly like I try and hide it in the
vlogs as much as I can but it's looking
really bad so because it's just like
slipping back so I'm going to the
hairdresser and I'm going to like get my
hair redone and I do want it slightly
differently at the front yeah so now
I've got to leave but I Drive to Ruislip
and yes I hope I'm late yeah oh also
yesterday I got this brush which I
thought I'd share with you I got this
brush from Charlotte Tilbury which was
the magic complexion brush so I did my
foundation with up today it's quite good
but it does it did shed a little bit but
it much because it's new and I'm wearing
I got also called iconic nude lip liner
how nice is that
mmm I love it also no one's texting me
like Sam don't swear in the vlogs like
mum leave me alone
also all my am lashes are fallen out
they didn't even last like a week it's
just very thick yes isn't it also going
to edit the vlogs and also pack for me
things so yeah it's gonna be it's just a
whole weekend of packing really and
editing and maybe filming as well anyway
I've got a guy so I'll catch you guys in
the car
it's lacking across so much Jessie
together evicted who names somewhere
fashion tree faster than tree okay see
if we can get nice out how many see my I
broke the old camera
laughs let's just blow dried with
vinegar
lovely I just I think all people should
be allowed to drive it's just shocking
what are you doing but they don't do
anything they're so slow some are
probably good why dick 90% that morning
is dead what day is it
it's day 13 it's the morning of down 13
and we're about to go and take dogs out
for a walk so we can get that out of the
way and then finish with a packing for
the house so I've got to find Reilly's
little coat I don't know where it is but
I got Franks cam ready look at this how
good is this this is what we use by the
way for Frank cap it's just a little
harness with a GoPro attachment it's
really cool it's like 10 pounds on
Amazon sir Riley come on Riley come here
Oh smart you look smart and warm
beckylyn sit down sit down good boy
you're not helping hey can you see out
properly good boy
dude you love the Frank are you ready
boys
it's run a little family walk buddies in
bad though he's really he's really
pulling Frank being good as gold he's
got a little camera but you guys will
see it's lopsided he's so good that he
doesn't further anything this is Riley
discovering a stickler he's just funny
thing
and they'll run with the dogs so we just
watched the Jose Aldo and McGregor fight
there's a fat pigeon again it was bloody
quick what the master today most of
sunday she's gonna be packing to move
because I've got loads of stuff to pack
still so then I like film as much as we
can today but it's can't wait for cheese
eggs will just be there so sorry that
looks funny anything today it's been a
really kind of crazy packing day we're
just on our way to go to dinner because
we don't - one of our
only good restaurants around where we
live is called Prime and
steakhouses right
yes a bit dating is kind of like a final
dinner here in this town it will just be
nice we thought on a Sunday just kind of
end up living here making clear and free
to really good usually
and I could have come down with a cold
which feels a lot better now something
I've come out of the house and there's
fresh air and stuff but I'm hoping that
I'm hoping that it won't stick because I
need to not never hold from moving
that's like the worst thing ever
I don't really show you guys my hair
properly I'll try and show you
basically middle party sorry
nobody ate so much today
and it was so good haha
we're just watching it starts an hour
we'll catch it I'm catching up oh yes
we're just going to show the Ducks a bit
now and watching telly try and relax a
little bit just play together little end
to the vlog
there's always Wi-Fi can blurry also I'm
gonna do my hair properly and show you
guys and talk to new guys about my hair
properly but it's just not been the
right day today because I've just been
packing all day but it just looks like
put the right states so yeah but thank
you say yarn I got it done it you on a
hair Suntree if I didn't say oh link it
down below this in rice lip and but it
should yeah
tomorrow I should be able to talk to you
a bit more whoa a bit more about it and
stuff but I'm really happy with it
honestly it's such a easy hairstyle to
wear broken out man I always break out
when I'm leaving the house I think it's
because this dress just watching the
x-factor final I just tweeted about one
direction because I just never have got
one direction and it's like I can see
the appeal definitely it's just that I'm
just personally not not fun and like I
think about it and it's really crazy
because when you say like I feel like
everyone's scared to say something bad
about people these days like just pop
stars not just pop stars you know I mean
like even pop stars and it's funny
because back in the day when like the
Spice Girls all the rage so like what
would have been the same age group
probably if someone said something bad
about them you're just so oh but you get
over it but these days everyone's like
what so it's just a bit stupid really
I'm really again I'm scared of being
scared to say I don't like what
direction like someone that's popular
it's ridiculous right Adele was amazing
she is flawless
people people sweet to me saying like
unsubscribing because I don't like one
Direction's like but I have opinions in
life it's so weird
I'm not saying no one should like no I'm
just saying I don't anyway
it's so odd maybe it's just my age I'm
still starting to feel a bit cold II
again so we just watch x-factor final
and then get ready for bed oh I might
have a bar that would be amazing and
tomorrow we'll try and do the best we
can with blogging it's gonna be the day
before you move so it is gonna be a nuts
day but I'll try and do a good job yeah
can't wait to move anyway I'm gonna go
have some babbling but thank you guys so
much for watching and we'll see you
tomorrow bright and early I think oh and
I've got a dinner to go to tomorrow as
well so that'll be good
oh no he's alone I'm glad she won she's
amazing I've loved her for ages and how
I made how amazing a Scholz dress and
how amazing is Rita Ora's makeup all the
time
