welcome to London
yeah I did some latte art yes kind of I
mean it passes I think it passes it
doesn't look like anything
first time urban uses today I was sent
it from Burberry like what sent
something from Burberry like the dream
look at this gorgeous packaging I just
want to just carry it around as a
possession
anyway it's the new radiance fresh glow
luminous fluid base so I'm gonna give
that bash today it's really like the
Giorgio Armani wanna it's quite thick
this is really nice
watch the mix it with your foundation
suffer this beautiful Easter I am
breaking out my own
excuse the mess it's stuff that I've
still got to do close-ups for for a
video but I thought I'd show you my
outfit my hair so fluffy because I
washed it this morning and I'm trying to
make it work I like it at the moment but
I feel like it will just fluff up later
anyway I'm wearing a black polo neck
from Zara and my my Topshop coated kind
of like I don't know I think that's
supposed to look a bit leathery like
kind of coated jeans and also it's boots
normal bag that I always wear and my
acne jacket yeah oh god I'm using the
gorilla pod and it's really easy to use
it's a stick so I haven't said yet but
I'm going out gonna go meet Gracie when
I can't talk I need some food so we're
gonna go for a coffee catch up then also
Mandy who I was talking about the other
day who did my intro or intro and she's
arranged a little get-together for Tasha
because Tasha's hit 100k subscribers so
that's so sweet of her so there's a few
of us we're going to go for lunch and
hopefully some cocktails maybe and just
like catch up and don't be so nice to
see everyone so yeah I'll try to film as
much so I can and I've got to leave in a
minute and I haven't had any breakfast
so I don't know what to do maybe I'll
just grab a cross one on the way of
something but yeah Gracie and I are
gonna meet in in Liberty and that Kings
Cross
and I'm running just slightly likes the
train was a bit longer than I thought
okay
got a rush to Liberty hey guys today is
pretty boring vlog wise but I am packing
up the house because we're moving as hit
one two three like four days but we
haven't done any packing so I went out
and bought a crapload of boxes loads of
different stuff and yeah I packed the
entire house today so well most of it
need another bin back
okay in Manila Liberty restaurant
mammoth gray
we got hazelnut and what is a
marshmallow brownie yeah and you know
and I got a lot a gross got an apple
juice but they fought us through all of
it
the cakes were delicious actually
brownie and cake yeah we just finished
how to do ages and catching up going
through the runn kitchen now to me but
will you'll see ya eat more food and
probably drink rum drinking licor it's
amazing well okay we've gotta got there
I just have to house quickly to meet my
mum because she is in the area and she
currently said that she would deliver me
my medication which is very nicely done
and I'm also guess one thing I love it's
melted cheese you know what it is that
makes it different but I love it correct
in the cheese
I got the three-piece jerk bow with the
slow
like all these section bags they weren't
registered on camera
what's happening
what did you get Christ
I'm not sure something strawberry no
we're just in a pathetic yeah as much
later in the day now attention all the
time is it's probably about half five
six so I'm still out she should be home
soon as you probably want me to get it
from the station so I'll probably go and
pick her up but I don't know if she's in
quezon texture I'm going to continue
with douse work so I will catch you
later so we just went into liberty
unfinished and I got shot something from
giant celery now they're going Topshop
yeah
I'm jealous of braces cheekbones maces
gettin up nicely done by Daniel Sam what
do you want what do you want
Franklin was rude okay so is the 8:00
p.m.
I'm not done yet packing I've got a few
more bits I want to do now I'm gonna go
and pick them up from the station and
get some dinner I've done loads of
bloody moving stuff so I'm going to get
KFC because I really feel that
just got home and I'm absolutely
knackered but in a good way
like it was so it was I can't explain
how nice it was to see everyone and see
Tasha and Grace and I have a proper
catch-up and ambi and Lena and Mandy and
just to see everyone really it was just
so lovely and oh my god the food was so
good I highly recommend the run kitchen
I thought it might be a bit of like you
know in places a trendy and then the
food's not actually as good as like all
the height but it was so good oh my god
I want to go there all the time now and
the cocktails are really good that was
in kingly court yeah you guys saw after
us we just went on a little bit of it
know a little shop I'm probably
forgetting saying something some tired
at all so sorry if people I got into
today because I'm so nakid by the end of
like on the way home that I just didn't
have any like energy left at me to talk
properly and stuff right I'm gonna go
and get changed I got to actually like
start boxing up some stuff as well and
it I just I always say this but it's
just so nice to have some girl time so
I've lost my voice
and just like chat about you know people
girls just understand each other and
it's really nice so I definitely need to
do that more in life look at my hair
it's got a really gross I don't know why
mmm
so I might not feel look a lot more
tonight because I've got tons today I've
got a pack I've got to edit yesterday's
vlog I've got a lot of stuff I try and
think everything I can down below i link
all the girls from you know that ring
they've loved today down below if I
don't speak to you again today thank you
so much for watching and I'll see you
tomorrow
