okay number 10 oh wait
if you turn morning coffees and getting
on with a bit of work he's like mom take
it I can't I can't play with him when he
wants to play anyway I turn I turn the
camera on I turned the camera on just
the two why doesn't it focus it's really
slow this is a new camera I'm trying to
get used to I don't really know how to
work it anyway
I turned the camera on this morning just
to say good morning and tell you oh look
see I did cut myself I just like walked
into a box I'm spending this morning
gifting some November night pieces to
our friends in time for Christmas and
what am I going to do I've got a lot of
stuff to check out of the house all
rubbish and stuff before we move
obviously we still have we still haven't
packed so I've got we got a lot of stuff
to pack
I'm feeling super stressed today it's
really know sometimes just feel a bit
overwhelmed like there's so much to do
and like more things to do pop up from
nowhere and it's like ah I'm really I
find it really difficult trying to deal
with like not getting overwhelmed so
easily I try and just start start doing
her - dude I've righted to do this and
then start working through it and that
kind of helps but also well they haven't
got myself ready for the day and done my
makeup and stuff it usually makes me
feel worse so I'm just gonna sit and do
my makeup - I think that will help
because it I don't know I just feel
rough and I haven't done my face yeah
and I've got videos to film and stuff
and then also I don't like sometimes I
don't know if I'll be doing a makeup
video so I don't know whether to do my
makeup and then if I because if I do it
won't be able to do a makeup video I
don't know
yeah right yeah just going to try and
keep my head together and stop loading
okay hello
I'm popping out to get some lunch
because there's no food in the house I
just finished filming if any of that I
have to get done more of like a job kind
of video so yeah that's done and I feel
like I should film a video for my
channel because I feel like I've quality
well I think the reason I'm stressed as
well it's because we're moving I'm going
to need to have content while I'm not
going to be able to film next week but I
don't know what to do and I like I I
never want to just push videos out for
the sake of it and just like um you know
just film things that I don't know if
people will like I don't put a lot of
effort in I really like having good
ideas so that's why my best
not a real question I've come to a new
part of the town but not been to and
there seems to be some shops I'm gonna
have a little search around for lunch
I'll keep you in the loop there's seen a
pet shop which means I'm going in
because there might be there are
Christmas outfits for the dogs clothes
disappointing
mmm I got a junior sweet corn roll which
is actually quite nice oh look at where
it is always manic how long it takes me
to just set up for filming a video like
I've stopped filming my other video
about 40 45 minutes ago and then I had a
little break and ate some crisps and
then I just spent setting up for this
next video which I think it's gonna be a
bit of a hole slap like chatty hole
slash well unlike showing kind of beauty
bits at a new end but also what I think
of them so I've tried some of them out
so yeah I just it's really hard think of
what to do I can't talk and I want to do
what you guys seem to enjoy and I think
people usually enjoy kind of whole
videos slash things that you could get
people for Christmas I mean that's not
what the video is but a lot of these
things are Christmassy this is my little
setup but I thought of a Knick battery
and my camera and just watching Ruth
while I get ready and this is all the
stuff Sam's gonna bit loopy she goes
loopy when she gets really tired but
there's stages there's grumpy loopy and
then there's just they'll be the one
stage later unless we don't get food or
something should just be a nightmare
it's a kid
when do I nightmare with moodiness yeah
I'm already there now no you're not
hearing your loopy stage you found a
weak ordinary home base
okay so what we're doing right now is
looking for paint because we're going to
change some of the walls or well
hopefully just one room but it may be
two rooms in the new place so we're
getting a base coat and then we just
want why it really probably enough white
yeah
oh maybe something like no there's so
much choice we're gonna paint on the day
we move in I think that's Tuesday yeah
now just in Sainsbury's getting some
bits for it is a bit for dinner and for
breakfast
no energy today oh yeah we do actually
we're having quite a quick dinner we
just got a roast chicken and we've got
kind of a of course I've never heard
this before I do
Oh Rumple D thumbs it's potato sweet
sour cabbage this on it tops with mature
cheddar cheese
so not the healthiest but still not
terrible are you gonna heat that up yeah
that's smoke come over I'm putting
pressure on so you can't see much weight
this bit like that
yeah a bit impression on them because
like that I'm about done
I don't want food you see a few nice
routes from I know where it's from bug
driving right now sorry I don't want to
think about something else
along with the throne concentrate on the
road he never could always decide
you know you need a quote for the same
film Mingo
yeah
I don't remember don't say but we're
going to see sorry about the lighting
we're going to see the night before
and I've never even seen it was coming
out or anything but it's a Seth Rogan
Joseph Gordon there
black guy and I like him he's good but I
got remember his name
we hope it looks good we need a bit of
kind of light-hearted Waldo thymine
recently we've had loads of good stuff
like the Christmas party and stuff but
we're also a bit stressed and moving
it will be nice to have a bit of my
hearted comedy nose
yeah
three
you
