morning is day 9 I'm a little little bit
hungover not very bad but I feel like
whenever I wake up I feel like I'm fine
and then about my voice is gone and then
about two hours later then I start
flagging but I've just opened there when
we didn't see this last night because it
was too dark isn't this so cute outside
oh how gorgeous is this room and then
out here there's little sudden beds it's
amazing I don't want to miss breakfast
so I'm just popped on my little face
master try and I think mrs. get a little
bit better after last night and I'm just
gonna whiz on some makeup and quickly
get dressed I'm wearing my new the new
bits that I showed you I think yesterday
this jumper from Topshop and these
trousers which was so cold
woah and but I need to put boots on
there yep I'm hungry so we're just
leaving with just packing up the car my
fluffy fringe this guy that works here
is the nicest man ever he's getting us
some water for our trip and he found my
boots I lost my own just took a few
pictures as well because I always try
and sneak pictures in wherever I am but
I really like these trousers
look at the beauty of it
is this rubbish lighting uh-huh what run
away home and it's gonna be actually
hopefully is not too much of a long
drive I feel like it was a long drive
coming here cuz we were late so and
there was traffic
but yeah I'm so tired
oh but it was so nice seeing everyone
and just like but I don't know like
bonding a bear and it's so nice to see
Claire and also the other girls from
America and it was crazy it traveled so
far four and oh very stayed up till I
say we speed it up a little like for the
boarding so very tired crazy the service
station
hi everyone sorry we haven't brought
much the last few days it's been a bit
of a shambles really isn't it so we
apologize but we've been editing all day
so we have got some new one soon for you
but by the time you're watching this you
probably would have seen them anyway I
thought I'd have a break
and have a bit fun this smart Franklin
like a jumper very Christmassy we just
need the finishing touch yay your
reindeer no no you don't like them wait
you gotta keep your antlers on just part
of the whole look you don't loving it
I'll take them off it's good jumpers
look what your new sitters
Doc's never have to do sit up that's not
fair sorry I haven't been flogging much
today since we got back I've just been
editing non-stop pretty much so yeah
that's that not much - not much to vlog
and I've just been trying to catch up I
think jason said earlier
just in trying to catch up before we
carry on because otherwise you just get
so bogged down with like needing to
upload but yeah I'm not sure what's
gonna happen to this looks it's gonna be
terrible but we're just gonna chill now
and and we're ordering pizza because I'm
slightly hungover I can't wait to get
back into that we can buy produce hey
guys
it's the next morning but I just wanted
to end off this vlog because sorry I
look a bit like a stay but yes we're
going to end it off because I hate just
ending vlog like really randomly and
hello and thank you again so much for
watching I didn't feel up we got much
footage actually for this vlog but when
I went to edit it it was it I think it's
enough so we'll try and make it into a
vlog and so yeah we're moving it's
Tuesday so a lot of this time we'll be
like packing for moving and stuff like
that but obviously we're going to try
and do as much as we can in between the
packing in the comments you guys don't
mind if the vlogs are boring but we
obviously want to make like try make the
best content that we can and we thought
that like just sitting around and like
packing for moving won't be fun we're
trying to do it as not just to be kind
of between um also I just wanted to
address something because it annoyed me
this morning because I woke up and read
the comments from that the last vlog so
yeah obviously Jason helps is helping me
edit but some of the time I will be able
to Nvidia as well so it's not 100% him
editing the whole vlog Merce and so he
edited yesterday's the Christmas party
vlog but when he got to the end of it I
like looked over it as well and then he
didn't have the templates for the for
the beginning and end I can't talk so I
put those in actually on his computer
and at the end I put our Instagram so I
put his first just because I was tired I
mean there's no reason none of those
just put both her instagrams and then
people thought he was putting his first
to try and go first which I just think
is ridiculous like first of all he
didn't and secondly even if he did well
I don't see the problem in that anyway
kind of jumped on his throat a little
bit for that when it was me also we've
we've come up with an idea that when
because sometimes you know we'll put in
like writing in the video and like
commentary when we do that mine's gonna
be there it's a foot called did or it's
a bit more kind of fancy ish well nor
fancy a bit more like traditional fancy
writing and then I think he's using
quite a normal one it looks a bit more
like Arial so the the foot that he was
using in the Christmas party what is
gonna be his Coventry fun and he says
it's his it and then when I do my fun
that's me editing so I thought that
would be quite like you can tell who's
edited it um anyway I'll go now and
leave you in peace I've got to go and do
boring stuff basically but yeah okay
thank you again for watching and we'll
see you tomorrow
