I'm just getting ready to leave but I
wanted to show you guys these things I
got from Topshop because I keep
forgetting I've been in my room and I've
been wanting to show you for ages just a
bit of a mini haul but look I love these
things oh my god they look even nicer in
person this is a as you can see like got
how would you explain it like a Thai way
what kind of 70 style orange a yellowy
skirt it looks like it will hold its
shape so nicely and then how amazing are
these these are kind of like MIDI
trousers but I just loved the print it's
very good quality as well and I can't
wait to wear them and these two look
really good with just a plain top as
well and then I well I had a jumper like
this from gammy which I treasured and
then I put it in the wash and it got
destroyed so I saw this on top shop and
I thought I'll get another one like it
just a like a high-neck white jumper
because it's just so easy to start with
and it always looks nice and put
together so yeah they're my Topshop bit
the lunch unfortunately but we should be
inspired to their activities there's
like Segway is amazing
and that makes real is gonna be drinks
for the gentlemen stuff
is sometimes to get a bell food because
we visit much
going on the way
so now we'll just
and then we don't get
hi guys so we are now fully checked in
we are in our room and the room is
amazing
it's literally like outer space it's the
same size as the house we're gonna
remove it in this which is quite
depressing but yeah it's incredible I
will show you around
but first Turton jure seminar gonna have
a glass of champagne and then we'll show
you around
real quickly sir
through the front door this is like
that's just what you see when you walk
in then we've got some weird and
wonderful display cabinet and this is
the downstairs like living room I guess
there's like a TV in that cabinet
massive big space down here it's amazing
and then upstairs as we go and I'm gonna
show you upstairs please get in the
shower slash birthday because I get
ready activity so we brought put our
stuff on the bed but how amazing look
it's such a big bed as well that's
massive Wow I think that's the biggest
bet I've ever seen quarter what are
these called allow a launch say it
shared or bathroom bathroom two sinks
and there's a telly in the wall amazing
where's this guy what oh wow yeah it's
like a whole like the size of some
people's flats in London to know you
need that space so you're losing air I
want to give this room or Sam's car I
need to feel it bigger toilet shut up
Destructoid
oh let me go balcony is it open no I've
got about an hour maybe less to get
ready let's try and do this just try all
the different and showerhead options and
he's like super soft water okay I'm
ready done my hair I owe you guys
thought I washed it I put a few curls in
it and I've used a like at resume sea
salt spray which I really like at the
moment forgetting that sounds like
another evening like you know the war
Tassili carefree curls and and I'm gonna
get Jason to show you properly but I got
this dress from ASOS
my love it is so nice and I don't
usually wear kind of really feminine
pretty dresses and stuff so I really
like it
I got a coat from Mac boldly bare lip
liner and Charlotte Tilbury Bond girl
lipstick just because we're gonna be
eating and talking and stuff so I don't
want the fuss of a doc or where I need
to take these off because that's not
very classy or chic and perfume Tom Ford
Noah I love it oh hey so we're gonna go
to Carly and Leon's room for a just to
like those there's have a little drink
really pretty pretty pretty drink
yeah and yeah I really like this dress I
feel like Jessica Rabbit okay so I just
wanted to show you my dress quickly
outfit so yeah this is from a source
which I keep saying it doesn't even look
like a sauce spell things about fifty
pounds and then my shoes
joining her on public desire they're
really comfy we just had a bath instant
drying
