the day five day six welcome to day 6 I
didn't get any sleep last night so I
think I slept from 7:00 in the morning
to about 10 so I feel super groggy but I
went on to YouTube to read some comments
from the last vlog everyone's being so
nice and it's so so amazing to read all
these lovely comments and I do I do read
every or so discern but we read every
single comment more or less that
everyone says and the positive massively
outweighs the negative so thank you very
much today we are we're going to a lunch
with my family because my cousins going
off traveling so it's like a farewell
lunch so that should be quite nice and
then I think that's about it were
probably going to walk the dogs
like already
morning I'm on my way for my camera my
usual camera that I use but I'm on my
way to go and get eyelash extensions
because I really want them because I'm
feeling really like gross you know when
you go through a phase of like just
feeling a bit gross so I just wanted a
little bit of something to make me feel
better and I like eyelash extensions it
makes makeup so much easier okay I'm
just browsing
L'Oreal I found some lipstick you know
like you know like all the beautiful
women like have their own lipstick I
really like Eva's so I'll show you what
I've got like that I'm just gonna grab
some food to Jason because he's got no
food at home how's he doing
no I know where I put on the screen it
looks good I'm just on my way to the
post office because we missed those the
packages while we're at the park so
Coffee roam coffee it's going every
offer we most packages all the read
books on so I'm gonna go get them and
it's been ages so I'm hoping that
they're still there and I feel fill you
in about my lashes soon I'm quite I'm
really happy with them I hope that you
just want a little bit too much like in
my outer eye
I found my camera okay
so I'm wearing I know them a night
Bardot der dress
All Saints jacket a sauce scarf tights
and boots that I'm gonna that I'm on yep
so if I show you guys the lashes they
look quite good I think it's just on
this edge sometime she's gone over like
a bit you see where it go like it should
kind of stop there but it keeps going
and it looks a bit unnatural I think but
I'm quite picky but yeah everyone I
quite like it I had them done it champ
knees yeah it was really relaxing going
to fall asleep for the first time in a
while I'm waiting for Jason to be ready
he doesn't have any trousers in - oh I'm
getting a juice at Joe in the juice
energize
what we're doing is we're planning to
film a men's Christmas gift guide video
and we're just on the hunt in case we
can find some good things to feature in
the video but it's quite difficult
actually Bruin John Lewis but there's
not as many things as we thought
yeah we're going into Tiger I love this
place we think there might be some it
quirky in here
we both apologize yeah we both apologize
so much because we've been terrible
today we haven't looked hardly anything
it's just been a really like weird day
well what do we do oh yeah I got my own
ashes done we just filmed a video on a
men's Christmas gift guide which should
be quite good because it's kind of I'm
Jason films it with me yeah but it
should be helpful because it's from a
man's perspective instead of me just
like think China guess what what might
like I've been doing emails or doing
emails for like an hour
the house has been being painted and
being sorted out it's just some things
are gonna be a bit weird on the run-up
to moving house but tomorrow we're gonna
be going on a little road trip tomorrow
it'll be really good makeup for a bit we
want to honor some of your questions as
well today in the vlog yeah we're gonna
order takeaway because you've got no
food in the house and we're just having
one of those days when we're exhausted I
haven't slept for two days yeah which
actually is not oh it looks cool t-shirt
Jarman if you want what's wrong with my
name it's much much sexy trust oh also
this is my I got a dress for tomorrow
this is such a rubbish way of showing
you I'm getting naked I just made sauce
for tomorrow oh also look um I think my
setup looks so cute I got this that when
we are at home base I got this little
guy got these and hot lights and I think
it's pretty good I'm done oh yeah back
here on them I know they're very
populous wow there's pockets
right we're going to go downstairs I
think and I'll probably do editing also
I almost forgot because I'm absolutely
rubbish I've been meaning to say thank
you for this for ages you guys might
have been look you guys might have
noticed that we now have a proper like
intro and it's with so much thanks to
Mandy her YouTube channel is
youtube-dot-com forward-slash Mandy and
her
it's a Mandy thing she's so lovely I've
I met her so long ago and I see her
every now and then at like events and
things like that and she's just always
been she's such a warm person and really
friendly and open but yes she did
our intro and thank you so much Mandy so
it's taken me this long to say thank you
and I'll link all of her details down
below you can check her out and she I
think she does everything as well like
she's got YouTube channel Instagram
Twitter also the great frog I'm so
amazed like I always buy everything from
the great frog like before they've never
sent me anything I just honestly love
all of their stuff and they recently
sent me this top which I'll try and show
you the back look it has it's really
cool in the back as well and they sent
me a ring which is amazing let me show
you they also sent me some patches as
well this ring which is awesome I love
it it's so cool I don't have one like
this from there so thank you so much
I'll link this ring down below if it's
available online it should be it's so
cool
woo I haven't done a few of these let me
open it so I got a this is a lip balm
lip magic and a supernova eyepencil so
we're gonna answer a few of your
questions we asked on - oh actually
snapchat as well oh no I have an awesome
stuff and we asked on Twitter and for
some questions Jessica Craig asks what's
been a steepest learning curve of going
into business by yourself steepest
learning curve well to be honest so
there's the whole thing's been one of
the massive
but mostly it's networking I guess then
me meeting people in the industry
because it's varied and the fashion
industry anyway no one really wants to
help each other
I found anyway yeah when you're starting
out yeah yeah when you're starting out
once you once or someone then everyone's
like oh yeah would you consider making
the handbag for November night yes we've
thought about that ages ago
it's just you can't just be like yeah
let's do it and do it you know it takes
so long and we're trying to establish
ourselves with clothing first really so
that's that because that's our main
priority but yes we'd love to what was
your first thoughts Jason when somebody
first told you she looks for a living I
know actually the first thing you said
was oh I I'm just I'm on YouTube and I
make videos and stuff and I was just
like oh cool
and I didn't really didn't really think
I think after when there was a lot of
like the comments and everything started
the thing that's when it's probably like
I was new
generally as a person I accept
everything every situation nothing
really like surprises me or whatever so
it's just something that sounds took it
in my stride really def Miculek asks
please can you explain in detail what
dark matter is well Steph it's actually
a type of matter that can't be seen by
our telescopes but it actually makes up
most of the mass of the universe no dry
Beach Abbey
girl asks and key to a successful
relationship like the one you guys have
oh thank you
well like no relationship is 100%
perfect I think everyone always has like
bits and bobs that aren't perfect but I
I was actually talking
the other day because going watch
explained it and it's exactly what I
believe it is it's just the perfect
answer I'll try and explain it my
thoughts and exactly how this guy
explained it on his video he said this
is a relationship so there's some me and
here's a relationship but what most
people try and do with the relationship
is is this but as long as some states at
or looking that sam says that were nice
they me and we both believe the same
things that we did before and we still
have the same interests this
relationship will never win exactly
we'll never collapse if we try and
squish it I mean and completely focus on
the relationship itself it will just it
will get ruined but as long as we stay
true to who we are then yeah half
ourselves for ourselves in the
relationship should be should be fine us
forever there's no reason for it to
change and I think communication is I
think like the number one yeah oh yeah
communication is the most important like
I just think whenever we're having a bit
of a I don't know sometimes it won't
even be very long like maybe an hour or
two like I'll be in a bad mood usually
me and it's just better when I'll just
say it you know that we'll just talk
it's just so much better than I don't
know like penting anything off and then
like pretending nothing's wrong when it
is or something so yeah I think but in
life I think with friends or with
anything communication I think is the
most important thing when you guys
making beautiful baby Porsche Mercedes
exhaust I want one I want a set I'm
coming around to it but sound just won't
provide me but I'm coming around to it
honestly like three months ago I would
have been like no but yeah if you could
live in a movie for a day as if it's
real life what movie would it be Christ
Harry Potter
probably wanna see Star Wars the moment
I know you obviously could you're way in
that talk but that would be amazing
wouldn't it but as a Jedi not as someone
yeah it would be insane by having
said that they don't really live a life
of luxury today no that's true but in
how pods are your wizard Yin do ever you
ever the hell you want but he has loads
of problems all the time if I wouldn't
be Harry Potter I'll just be in the
Wizarding World
I would love to be in Lord of the Rings
I think it would just be yeah what
happened to the Jason's happy place
Channel
yeah we just filmed a video on Christmas
gift guides for men and I kind of
explained in the main channel but you'll
probably see this before that goes up
anyway actually what has happened to it
well I'll give her more in depth on so
don't eat my wine you know it's actually
one o'clock in the afternoon it's a
known I'd originally what happened was
and engage it's got way too busy for me
to take yeah to do anything else really
I wanted to be successful that's for
everything I had into it everything I
was just fell by the wayside but and
you're very much like if you don't put
yeah I don't put everything is something
that I won't do it yeah but since doing
vlogmas i have actually been really
enjoying logging and a lot of you have
been really lovely on the comments it's
it's making me want to vlog myself when
motivated yeah and do do my own videos
so I think I'm gonna I did a I had a
channel was Jason Aaron Davis and that
was purely for like video anxiety more
serious stuff but that it's not
sustainable thing for me to do it got
really I got really difficult mentally
so I think I'm gonna I think I'm gonna
use that channel and just do my own
videos they'll be vlog Styles I'm think
but not like daily vlogs around house
they'll be interesting let me know if
you guys want to see that because I saw
and I'm really excited about Maddy de
prat mask what coffee do you guys
usually order and why do you prefer
cappuccinos flat whites lattes susceptor
and are using copper to you guys all the
time and then I realized that a lot of
places do just with tons of froth not it
like that sir off froth
from so now I usually get a skinny I
will select between soy milk and skinny
it depends what mood I'm in and I guess
usually a skinny vanilla latte I will
get a latte but I won't get one if it's
like more than 10 ounces because the
coffee snob it's just too milky for me
and it's like a blood smear but yeah six
or eight ounces is the best for me we
are talking about coffee cups miss Becca
beauty asks what's your biggest
inspiration on a day to day basis that's
quite a good question well for doing
YouTube and things a lot of it is just
daily you always see that people are
uploading and people that are always
trying to better themselves so I think
in in terms of YouTube that inspire look
inspires / motivates me to want to keep
uploading and keep doing the best that I
can but for like style and things it's
really rap it can be anything I want to
see there's not one thing that I ever
check for inspiration
oh pigs in blankets 20% yeah that good
that with stuffing oh yeah I love roast
potatoes good old roast potatoes I wish
some other people's vocalist is now yeah
I think our foods rather a little bit
tipsy now I got beef with black bean
sauce yeah yeah we're just about to go
to sleep anyway we'll see you guys in
the morning I'm up bright and early to
pack for leaving for the Mike gleam
Christmas party which is like a stereo
four things would be there for two days
and we're gonna have a little road trip
and stuff so it should be quite good and
and like seeing loads of other youtubers
as well apologies about this not being
the best vlogmas but some day is gonna
be a bit more like this anyway we'll see
you guys in the morning
some days are gonna be better yeah bye
