hey guys it's day 13 I tries to start
this video at earlier and I was a
complete fail hey guys it oh I forgot
that day
I hate starting and ending videos hello
just do it a bit toast but I've just
finished filming a video for my main
channel and I'm feeling really good
right now cuz I feel like I'm kind of
really getting on top for my work which
is so nice because I really want to kind
of enjoy December as much as I can
why why focus now I just need to film a
few cutaways and then I've actually got
a session of therapy hit my therapy and
which I'm really like I don't know you
know not nervous or excited somewhere in
the middle not nervous but like I don't
know what to expect so and then later
Indy's got her first Christmas party at
her nursery and then we've got a head
into town to run a few errands that's it
for today really that's all we've got
planned and but yes had to start
somewhere I've just put Robin just
brought Penelope which is the fiddly fig
up into my office because she doesn't
have a place anymore she's been kicked
out of the living room so what are up
here she'll be well loved I've got here
a few minutes are you so I'm just
sitting in the car kind of not sure what
to do oh my god I still need to answer
some of your questions cuz I asked you
for your questions to frosty or Q&A with
I'll definitely do that maybe later on
today I hope it goes well um I probably
won't give loads of details about it
afterwards but I'll like let you know if
it did well on ER I totally realize I
didn't update after I had my appointment
um and yeah it went really well and I
feel like it's such a personal thing
especially when you've literally just
been through just done your appointment
or something like that you know to kind
of share it straightaway is quite a lot
so it kind of feel right at the moment
mate I think I need a bit of time to
kind of process everything
but yeah it was really good the rest of
the day could have run really quickly
and after that I went back home then we
took indeed to her and little Christmas
party at her nursery which was so cute
and she met mrs. mrs. Claus
she was given a little present and then
from after there me had to just head
into town like I said was saying earlier
run a few errands it was the bank and
stuff really boring headed back home had
a bit of time at home he's gone cold no
it's cold
any went to sleep and then I've kind of
been sore in the room I don't know I've
just been kind of puttering into a lot
of pottering I'm starting to feel a bit
unwell as well I feel like I'm getting a
bit of a cold or something which is
really annoying I used to be like you
know when you're at school and you're
like ah yes a cold I can get away with
loads of stuff now
but these these days it's like no I need
to do so much when you've done something
that's so mental it's really draining
especially for the rest of the day if
not maybe sometimes they come here for
days but yeah so I feel a little bit out
of it today
I feel really mentally tired so I don't
have tons to update you on and there's
not too much for this blog so I'm really
sorry about that
ah I know that I asked you guys for your
questions I can you know you can feel
your glands flaming up that's how I feel
yeah so I thought I'd answer some of the
kind of top questions the ones that got
a lot of likes on them because I'm
guessing that you know a lot of people
want to see the answers to those ones
let's see let's see where are they the
first one with 47 likes on it is Sammy
are you planning to have another baby
I've answered this quite a few times
already
yes I definitely want another one
because I've always wanted more than one
but yeah no not at the moment maybe in a
year or two this one's got quite quite
high and where did you used to work
slash what was your career before making
money on YouTube so I just kind of had
quite a few day jobs and or no like
weekend jobs that I mean I used to work
a lot in just in retail I was trying to
think like
I ever work full-time but I think I
split up because I was at like college
and uni no yeah College and uni and I
you know I just do jobs on the side to
make money um like my first job was in
game I've worked in the shop accessorise
monsoon they're like one together
I hated that River Island just a few
kind of high street stores hated it but
I feel like it's a really I feel like
everyone kind of should work in retail
it just makes you realize a lot of
things and you you like respect everyone
that works in retail as well because
it's so bloody hard like the way people
treat you and the way management can
treat you I didn't really have a career
per se cuz I went at uni I had like
part-time jobs and then after uni I
carried on login and carried on with
YouTube so that's been my career really
someone said I think you should do more
mummy videos your daily routine was
great thank you I don't know what kind
of mom videos I would do if you guys
have any ideas let me know because I
have any watched that many mum so I
don't know what I would do
like I love Rhiannon's rooks I don't
know if you mean do more like daily
vlogs with indie or I don't know what
products was a lifesaver when Indy was
born and what product did you regret
purchasing the most oh sorry I feel like
I'm so not myself in this but I do I
don't really feel very well in the
beginning I feel like nothing no thing
helped us it was mainly just each other
like letting each other sleep for a few
hours and things like that I would
probably say the breast pump because as
soon as I realized that I couldn't she
wasn't getting much milk for my boobs
naturally I then was like oh my god
thank god I've got a breast pump so I
could get some sort of milk out of my
boobs yeah that was definitely good the
other thing which worked for me I mean
say saved me mentally and helped Hindi
was that we had some backup formula milk
and I was really reluctant to give it to
her but there was a point where she was
so hung I didn't realize but she must've
been so hungry because she just wasn't
getting enough from
and the moment she had a bit of like
formula she just looked like I don't
know she was just drinking it so quickly
so I was so happy that we had some
regret purchasing probably a swaddles I
think we've walked quite a few swaddling
blankets and but this one this wouldn't
apply to everyone cuz I feel like she
was just not a baby who liked being like
you know swaddled up tightly she's
always just been like that so yeah
really didn't use them very much okay
last question maybe for now I feel like
like I always feel like I could do Q&A
for ever maybe I'll do an Instagram Q&A
really sinks I really enjoy them so it's
sorry and Instagram live Q&A what other
names were you considering before
deciding on naming Indy Indy I really I
really liked Chloe I really liked Rosie
we went through so many different names
like there was so many ones that I liked
but Jason didn't like oh I really like
Jamie for a girl I think that's a really
cool name we like Aria as well
I like Athena so yeah they're just a few
names other names that I really liked a
few people are asking about Jason's
podcasts and I think he is still wanting
to do them I think because you know as
he explained he's he definitely went
through a rough patch so he hasn't
really had it he hasn't had the time
energy or anything to do another one at
the moment but yeah I'm sure he will do
another one I'm gonna pester him and to
doing them I love listening to them as
well I think they're really interesting
and actually I know that he has got one
in the works that he's working on so
yeah Oh like a prod him put it up okay
maybe I'll leave it there for now for
the questions thank you guys for your
questions as well and I love answering
your questions so I think maybe I mean I
can always make this a thing right every
maybe every video every other video or
just answer some of your questions that
I've come in but one thing I did want to
answer as well because a lot of people
still ask about Ryan E and I know a lot
of people answer those people in the
comments and so thank you you guys that
already know and my parcel and but Riley
lives with my mum
and a lot of people think he lives with
my sister Danny but she at the time she
was living with my mum so she said he's
living with her because it was the same
house Ryan he lives with my mum and I
died I spoke about it all in a vlog I'll
try and link the blog down below back in
May I'm I explained why and everything
so if you guys wanna know the reasons
and everything just go down below check
out that vlog for all the details it's
not something I love bringing back up
again and having to think about so I
miss him but I understand that some
people just wouldn't have seen that and
a like where's that oh I think that's it
for today I know this one's been a bit
dry hopefully tomorrow actually no
tomorrow's what is going to be better
cuz we're going into London and it
should be a very nice day but before I
get super loud I like gradually getting
louder and louder and I don't awaken the
DIAC she's in the next room thank you
guys for watching and keep your
questions coming in because I definitely
still want to keep answering them
I hope you guys will have in a really
good day and send in lots of love and
positivity out there even though it's
cheesy of hell but still um do you feel
I feel really positive today even though
I don't feel that well anyway
