morning everyone welcome to day 5 I'm
always gonna get confused with the dace
and this morning I'm feeling like I'm
coming down with a cold or something
I'll keep sneezing yeah I don't know I
hope I'm not getting L give them to you
but too many things to do to get out or
say I'm gonna make a coffee that will
solve everything and I'm going to number
doo doo doo doo doo yes oh do you like
my now as a painter than last night I
had a little moment of I need to be by
myself for a minute but yeah I wanted to
go Christmassy it's Barry M fast lane I
think and an American Apparel sparkly
the reindeer oh yeah morning Franklin
morning Franklin's and discovered that
there was I dropped a few dog treats
down on the floor all this stuff's here
by the lakes the carpet stuff but he's
taken it upon himself dude he never goes
in here we bought we thought you'd like
it but he doesn't know you just in there
hello what are you taking her
are you scared of this but you can come
out now
yeah it's too big if I move it always ok
come on come on
our friend good boy yay
I think he got stuck at burning this and
fireplace candle from Anthropologie and
it's so nice I highly recommend this is
what the top of it looks like it's not
for you what's this not being are you
happy about the ball
morning welcome to vlogmas day 5
where is ah oh nice 15 everyone loves
chocolate for breakfast today
nothing much interesting is happening
but we are having the car pip creed
fitted and then I think Sam's gonna go
up I made a friend Jenny for some lunch
and then I think we're gonna go get a
Christmas tree only a small one because
we're moving in a couple of weeks and I
can't I just can't deal with the hassle
of like having to take out a massive
wine taking all the decorations down
because we're going to be doing that all
again when we move but yeah a little one
should be nice and I think that is the
morning update ok I'm just heading out
and running late I've not had a great
morning but I just thought I'd show you
my outfit my hat is from H&M my scarcer
and brandy melville my coat is a sauce I
love this and then I'm wearing a t-shirt
dress and All Saints boots and I'm gonna
go and meet my friend Jenny and we're
gonna have some food and okay goodbye
I'm headed into Watford town center oh
god sorry about my hair just really not
good morning and by the way this is
where we always used to get our
Christmas trees when I was growing up we
probably won't see so from where we live
the easiest way is to go on the m1 and
it's literally like a five minute drive
and there might be a bit of traffic
because I'm in such a state this morning
I've got a little way when I went on
there has to be five which is really
annoying like got a completely different
way or stopping the traffic journey
you'd like to see probably it's waiting
for me bless her she's waiting for so
long I feel terrible I hate making
people way and
yeah oh and I think we're gonna go for
work of almost this haven't had it for
ages and I just need some good
constituting food that's not too bad for
you as well traffic's not actually too
bad I'll heading in right into the town
so that's good I'm hoping I'll be in a
good and a better mood mates run
yeah that's it really also I might see
if there's any like Christmas but simple
up so I can put it in the background on
my video my videos mine anything here
okay so Jenny got us these rate needs
analyst we just had yeah we just say
Jen got me a Christmas card okay so
we're going in ocean bells it's a coffee
place I haven't been in here before but
it looks good and Jen says it's good we
found a Yankee Candle store
I love these they always pop up around
Christmas aha angel's wings
I've just got bin bags I'm really fun
and we found a little Christmas all
sounds little Christmas section in John
River I think I need this t-shirt
Topshop just on my way home now it was
so nice to see Jenny she's just the best
friend I love you Jenny
it's it's later on in the afternoon now
the carpet has been fitted it's all good
Sam just got back sorry we have um blog
today have you okay so I haven't blogged
the tour today it was manic with the
carpet um I had loads of stuff to move
and all sorts of stuff to sort out so
I'm sorry about that the sound just come
home with some scons on to you thinks
I'm weird and I'm sure all of you are
probably thinking we buy eat them on
their own just like a yes a little bit
dry base so good the texture and the
flavor isn't mm-hmm are you gonna get
our Christmas tree our first Christmas
tree this year and I say first because
we're actually gonna get a second one
when we move to again like a temporary
small Christmas tree and we'll bring you
with us we just coming up to home base
and we're excited to get a Christmas
tree I wanted a fake one because it's so
much easier but Sam won't have it and I
think it looks like we're getting a real
one extra cleaning workshop or a tree
doing the cleaning to be honest
we're just having a little browse
there's too much of a gap okay at the
top row sure yeah oh I like this little
one this is my favorite thing to do ever
yeah I think that'd be best
name that quote I quite like the fat
ones though oh it's your than fair
oh that's what we got our first one with
the northern fur you don't know
Nordman furs are the premium Christmas
no it doesn't smell smell like this one
but these The Pines no way you don't
want to get one of those oh that smells
good they're the new bloom fair was no
good I feel really tense now because I
want to get the best one there's other
people here where they pick up one that
I like and then don't
let's just hope it doesn't I mean I need
to get a good one which one okay that is
nice oh of course it's an order
oh they're so heavy hmm as I know
there's not enough here for me there
needs to be it's a bit spent II know I'm
not feeling it so well how about how a
nice bit babe isn't it the shriek quest
continuous we're limited for choice Oh
get in this booth moves the finds of
this year but I think we're going back
to that first the first one Sam said
it's lopsided
I think we can work with it component
sounds coming Fred let's reset yeah I'm
sure there's Teresa inside they're only
gonna need a few decorations because
we've literally got this tree for like
two weeks or no noise until weeks per
week and a half so I don't want to go
mad and spend stupid money
we've got our tree now we what we doing
I think going back home we go back home
now yeah yeah we cook some dinner we're
having pesto chicken pesto pasta so
excited
do you guys want to see how much I love
Christmas yes much look at the size of
it you probably can't even tell on
camera but maybe if I put next to Riley
it's almost the size of riot
oh then it's that I'm cooking chicken
pesto pesto I want to show you much of
it because I've already actually done a
whole video cooking's you can pesto
pasta which is on a channel I created a
just ago called Jason's happy place I'm
sure we'll probably link it down below
but if you want to see how I make it
check out this cool still really makes
cooking easier sharp knife like this one
I was reading my book the other day look
into the camera actually I'm worried
aren't become very fond of the word more
so money
I love to cook and part of like me being
creative and stuff I love presenting the
food guys and I thought I'd share with
you guys a little tip to present pasta
nicely bill NATO's obviously passed the
balls or just ball was in general and
then if you can get a smaller bowl which
I have here and it fits probably get the
idea everyone gonna do put some pasta
into the smaller ball make sure it's
nice and forward compact a little bit of
a squeeze and then it will take that it
will take this shape make sure the place
nice and clean wash it and then take it
off nicely when I put some pepper I do
it my fingers I don't know really
actually do it my fingers with like a
coarser salt so it looks nicer you get
more control of where the salt goes the
same thing with parmesan shavings of
parmesan so normally I'll get a block
and I'll shave it myself but this is a
lot easier I've grabbed a bunch and you
just sprinkle over the top this stuff is
the best thing ever it's not it tastes
amazing
then we get one from Oxley Spencer if it
tastes nice of it literally in this
drizzle on now I don't wanna around the
play haven't done it for ages but I
remember it's easier if you start on the
outside and then you can get a nice
controlled all the way around
mmm it's a lot nicer than that music
wrap nice it's it ya know probably look
at this one Franklin how's your hat
lower Ross you don't like it alright oh
okay oh they ain't guys are playing it
yeah we need a Christmas tree topper
Christmas
bye guys thanks so much this is my beat
Amara
