good morning morning Riley you're not
allowed on the safe or are you
did you come on the safe when I was
upstairs and then when I came down you
and the safer and it's naughty popcorn
you gotta go wee-wee morning welcome to
day four of luck mess I'm sleeping so
badly at the moment I hate my body's
just so exhausted every morning it's
like stop doing stuff my hairs all
fluffy sort of sorted I'm Jess we're
just getting ready to leave because
we've got a head up to cover garden the
whole Seven Dials area and we're gonna
have like some food there and do a
little bit of browsing and shopping and
stuff and it should be a nice little day
just feeding the dogs before we go I
really don't like doing it now though
because well it's good what we feed them
it's raw food like a complete raw food
diet but sometimes it makes me feel sick
so we've got our new hotel shocking our
calendars in white chopped chocolate so
everybody got a four oh it's a Christmas
tree oh I need coffee
morning where Wow
okay ready waiting to see this person's
coat as we walk past which is wait
welcome to day four we are on the way to
Covent Garden because we are rewarded
with being shown around $7 $7.99 tree
it's really really good coffee
so I'm excited about that we're having
lunch in Treadwell's which is a Michelin
star place
we'll catch up when we're jacked up on
coffee so first on our list is Coco de
Mer which has probably my favorite
lingerie shop it's amazing and there
they have such amazing quality and it's
really sexy at all so yeah this is the
store
I think we can film in there I hope so
they know they're coming
Budi well that one yeah love it
I didn't realize actually been here
before for cocktails and I was so good
yes without being where the day-timer
looks really different way it's logical
deco
it's amazing so far but they have
starters beretta and I'm sure most a lot
of you will know it if you don't know
what it is it's the insight of buffalo
mozzarella and its really soft and
grimace is probably my favorite cheese
and I'm thinking about
during a video of myself probably I'll
take you to that bar market and which is
in London and shop around a surrealist
also you're going to get some burrata
and I'm thinking about going and do my
own video using her at
hopefully introducing it to kids the
nicest is a luxury notice it is an
expensive to be so tasty
that was really tasty I really loved the
cocktails it was their signature
cocktail my mane was so good it was it
was had it we didn't have room for
dessert but all that was amazing as well
we're just heading up to the pub Monaco
I wish it was the men's wear because
their men's race unbelievable
where's also like gold does it
storage Butte everything is so soft I
love this jacket oh my god
- Kashmir
so this Club Monaco is a concept store
so it has the lady said that they have
like more third-party things here as
well as Club Monica you know all the
problem echo pieces because the area
that it's said it kind of makes sense it
being uncovered cards and everything
they also have a story in Sloane Square
well the stowaway okay so I think we're
gonna head out there and go to our next
appointment
that one says that so as long as you're
financed I'm just gonna pop in for you
now in I'm Tom Lewis or not so straight
because it's the only way to get low
books and we didn't get run to it so
we're just now Big Smoke but I really
like this one because it says queen bee
and I don't think I'm a queen bee but I
just think it's
just got home but I thought I'd show you
guys what I was wearing today so I
didn't really get to show you I was in a
rush this morning but my I'm wearing
this jumper like highlight jumper from
Zara and then I'm wearing white jeans
which were from Topshop
I think they're Jamie but I might be
wrong my shoes are like they look like
these they really make it dirty easily
though so it's not good for me
and then my bag is all saints' and my
jacket is all saints' and we're going to
change into comfy clothes and start
editing and then we're going to order
food also I've got a shot at Tilbury and
I think calendar that I I did forget
about but I haven't spoken about it yet
so I thought I'd show you guys what are
in the first four doors it's so pretty I
don't know if this is still if this is
still available link it down below but
so cute I shall take them out and then
show you what's in so I've got a mini
goddess King clay mask a mini Wonder
glow soft focus Beauty flush this is so
good I love this and I love this and
then I've got how cute is that like it
makes you to my hand
it's um the Charlotte's magic cream
which is these also good for traveling
and then I don't have this actually it's
the nocturnal cat eyes to hypnotize on
the prowl boys do and your food are you
hungry
you annoy hey guys it's now Friday night
we I don't know where we left off
actually but we're back home and I don't
know what you guys normally do on your
Friday nights but we see at home and
work we've got two videos to edit I
think Sam's got to a blog post I've got
a load of any case stuff to get on with
and we're feeling quite sounds got a
Skype call about what is it about about
a video and yeah we're feeling quite
worked but
it's all good because I was gonna say
we've got a free weekend but we don't do
more it's all good though and yeah I
just wanted to say quickly that we've
put up our our leather goods from
November night which I will show you now
if I can find them okay so first of all
we'll start with the with the card
holder which I absolutely love if you
can see it but is very very classy
perfect size it's got little November
night wonder if it focuses enough light
is that our branding just imprinted on
the front and yeah there next is leather
bag which is it was designed as a makeup
bag but you can obviously put whatever
you want in it the leathers so nice and
inside is like a this is so professional
black and great art and lining and so
the chunky silver zips oh yeah
they're online now and they're very
limited stock no it's dinner so we're
gonna end the vlog here Sam still
putting the finishing touches on the
video curry has been ordered Coleman
it's time usually I'm just like oh I'm
getting Korey but I'd be healthier and I
get damn suck this is so boring
and I have to say that I'm absolutely
overwhelmed by the response I've had I
posted something on Instagram which made
me laugh because it's ridiculously
ironic I'm gonna read out because if you
don't follow me on Instagram
you won't see it but it says and it's
from someone called pods if you can next
year it's uncle positive energy it's not
gonna focus and it says I don't want to
see you in Sam's vlogs you're annoying
depressing negative you ruin the vlogs
I'm going to unsub from Sam because she
keeps shoving you down our throats
anyway I'm absolutely earthworm because
I've had in less than I like an hour 331
comments which is monumental for me of
just everyone being so lovely and having
my back so thank you very much so that's
it from day four
that's not it from day comic that's it I
look like such a state thank you guys so
much for watching and we'll see
