that's the fattest pigeon ever hello
welcome to day three
you're on a stick so I'm gonna get loads
of stairs today I mean the cameras on
the stick we're on our way to one Street
Station and we're gonna go and grab a
coffee and stuff I'm gonna track I trade
in my old camera for a new
very well done
got this today then we wanted to also
like plan out some things we love most
like place to go and dates and stuff
like that and also Jason snowshoes
fashion stole shoes so I'm going to go
along as well how to be arranged not
morally go oh yeah sorry
yeah new shooting we're gonna grab some
hot chocolates you don't have any hot
chocolate at home and it's a necessity
to why yeah last year we have this but I
ended up eating more
there we go much time chasing solana
heads to the computer it's strange see
to try and sell its camera yeah I'm
gonna be sorry sorry there's no editing
no I'm gonna meet him there and then I
think we're gonna go in grab something
to eat
we found this amazing dirty place it's
called Delancey look how cool is they do
bagels and Reubens and all the goodness
and cheesecake
yeah we found the boy in John Lewis so
negative
I mean sheets done and we're just gonna
grab coffee as usual I love this
location so much we're just done at
Westbourne Grove but I never say where I
am just like look what you've just found
the Kings Cross station this is amazing
look it's a massive Disney toy tree all
I want to go to Disney World
who's your favorite
- probably Dumbo or Ariel I have no idea
where we left off looking today do you
know what where it was it's 5 to 9 we
have done loads of stuff since we got
back we were we got a skip first so I'm
gonna be so rubbish talking we've got a
skip so we can get rid of all the crap
in the house before we move in about two
weeks so as soon as we got back we
started shoving stuff in the skip we've
both been kind of working real I've been
editing and uploading and then I've been
so stressed because I needed to upload a
main Channel video today and the
internet usually totally fine and today
it's taking Lee it's just fudged up I
think I'll have to upload tomorrow cuz I
don't want to upload too late for people
in the UK and it's difficult cuz it's
like I've got all I got you know like
people or see around the world that
watch me and it's hard to know what the
best like best timing is to upload
anyway I'm rambling though I think I'll
have to put my main channel video up
tomorrow which is good for you because
it might be when you're watching this
anyway I wanted to show you what we've
got
so I've got we got yeah it's nice - yeah
we've got the Christmas drinking
chocolate and it's got a hint of warming
gingerbread spice and then just the
milky drinking chocolate because I think
this is kind of the easiest to make and
it's the tastiest when you don't have
ages like farm of sugar and see it so
well should we have now oh I want to try
the Christmas worm on oh my god by the
way I've got this um this the best mug
ever from Anthropologie there's always
like an Eiffel Tower on it there's one
with a grasshopper on it and they're
amazing so it's the first time using it
so what I usually do is measure out the
milk first
it says five little teaspoons to 240 ml
of milk I don't know what is ha Jesus
say hundred 40 mils is a cup right heats
up the milk until it's a vowel like
quite quite hot but not yet boiling and
then I add the chocolate hey I've
separated them out because I don't think
Jason's gonna like the gingerbread one
so I'm gonna have that word he's gonna
have milky and I need to paint my nails
which way to end off the vlog and off
the flow in the vlog oh but and say
thank you guys so much for watching and
you'll see you again tomorrow and sorry
if this looks not been very long yeah
today's today was a bit a big hectic
weird one yeah it was revealed and when
we were on our way back from London we
felt really like drained and stuff as
well so we kind of wouldn't have been in
the best mood yeah it's like we've gone
straight from the week that we had a box
park which was super awesome it was
super intense and now open strains of
haka messages non-stop so you have to
bear with us I guess for a bit but yeah
we'll get there tomorrow should be good
we're going to common garden yeah then
severed dials and I got my new camera
which I am gonna be vlogging with so
hopefully wide you know if we're gonna
bring this one over bring that one but
yeah maybe they may have been birthed
but I want to bring the big camera as
well again oh also I got a new blog post
up if anyone's interested I shot with an
the loveliest photographer named Maria
and she's from Russia but she's studying
in here in the UK and she's amazing so
I'll link that blog post down below I
really love it and I bet my toggle my
hot chocolate mmm it's good
I am I'm about to label our memory cards
because Sam loses them all the time so
here now be really good idea yeah it's
good idea I lose everything and I've got
the shittest memory thank you for
watching bye yeah
