Franklin what are you up to Frank today
is day two about to go to training so
I'd thought it'd be good idea to bring
you with it's day two and today we've
got book email carpet change so I'm just
doing I'm just like taking things off
out of the living room so that they can
come in and just take the big things
away from the room and then do the
carpet they're coming this afternoon oh
but I just want to have it done but
Jason's just gone just left to go
training I really need to go to the gym
or do something I feel so gross after a
week of like overeating but anyway I'm
already late typical but I can leave
without my coffee
my sunglasses yeah I hope you enjoyed
yesterday's vlog it was the first time
that I edited an entire blog and it was
really fun to do I mean it was it was
longer than a house and does it all the
time but it was really fun to do I'm
starting to enjoy the whole the whole
 thing a lot more so I'm probably
gonna be in them more
and I try and create coffee art latte
art and hold the camera' know another
reason why I really am looking for to
get into London is this town that I
currently live in it it is the worst
town for traffic that I have ever been
in this was worse than London and though
it's not as much traffic but it takes
longer because of the roads are small
it's filled with old people no
disrespect to whole people but they are
slow most oils Mars life so I'm on the
way to training with take away coffee
and take away porridge which is this the
best idea
I've got tip what copy tip where to go
stand up Sam and I discovered it when we
talked about is it a boutique store
called modern society it's parallel to
Bethnal Green Road which is boxpark
Road and it's the road with a PC versus
Misaki it's actually really good dropped
mince with broken menswear but yeah
anyway so there's a shop called modern
society and they've got it's a new store
but they have a coffee like cancer in
there and they do the best coffee in
there you can get like either shot so
you can get six ounce eight out of 12
ounce coffee it's really good coffee
they know how to make
so thank you guys so much for watching I
hope this wasn't too jittery and also
I'm doing rukmi's so if you want to
watch me day-to-day all throughout
December then check out my second
channel just finished filming my
November favorites video but it was
super hard this time a person is
different so usually I have a flip-out
screen on my camera but I wanted to use
the 5d because it's such a better camera
just want to you know like film more
with it so I have got a live view down
here it's just a lot harder like it
looks like it will be easy but when the
lighting keeps changing outside and
everything and I've had it now I'm just
trying to make sure I wanted to make
sure it was good
extreme tire pressure warning light has
come on so I'm hoping is to do it that
we haven't driven it for seven days and
the weather's changing
the geniuses of modern car manufacturing
it some reason decided not to fear
modern cars or a lot of them with spare
tires boy what is that about what what
most precedent I'm sure I just need to
inflate the tires
that's disgusting
ah no one said anything go be a porridge
in there gross
okay I'm talking together a little salad
used to like live off tuna salad and I
haven't had it for ages so I'm making
the cheetah salad while smacking along
croutons Thank You MA voila this tweet
made me laugh so much guys look I just
got delivered this it's fashionista
magazine so I am out of breath run up
run up the stairs but I love the look at
this gorgeous feature thank you so much
fastening passion Easter magazine it's
not in English but this bit is yeah I
gave some quotes and kind of like that
Vice bits and next to some gorgeous
girls
when these doctrines even complicated
seems odd when you start again there
wasn't anyone there everyone's training
their own fights coming on on weekend -
no I'm training but still fun
come for a coffee we're still waiting
for the carpet man and never used to
shoe a picture I've got a picture so
we're gonna do it here at the beach
house because it's got really cool death
oh I don't think and also I haven't
shown you guys this yet one so excited
I'm wearing this jacket I'll show you it
off when I get home but it's new it's a
new jacket
obscure shooter my Instagram as well
because I really want to post it on
there I've got it from bestir which I
link down below is like a really good
running site for kind of like unwanted
people's unwanted Franklin what are you
up to Frank
I haven't even I haven't flocked hardly
anything today it's been pretty hectic
as soon as I got home from training we
had loads the soil and house cuz we're
supposed to have the carpet redone but
they haven't broken turned up so if I
think reschedule that
and then I've been editing day 1 which
is taken longer than we thought it was
them so I've taken longer than than we
thought it was going to and then I did a
little job for converse which is really
really cool
I just got some pictures to post on my
Instagram my choice has happened really
I think we were gonna go out for dinner
but neither of us can be bothered now so
we're just gonna go we're gonna get a
pizza which one's wrong I'm
really looking forward to that mid Frank
play we go ahead and I ordered this
selfie stick I'm gonna call it a selfie
stick it's a telescopic pole for Kennedy
so you can film myself feeling cool but
I think it's gonna come in handy I use
the gorilla pod actually but I bought
this Sam can use this one yeah you know
look at this frankly we're never Sam
grouse at Frank Frank oh ooh Frank goes
a bit nuts
are you trying to chase me he's chasing
I gave it touched it to the stick it's
very cool it's pretty nifty
desi I don't like this camera because it
just moves
yeah I'm not I just won't have it right
it's possible that we are watching the
Mesha lakhs of vlogmas
and we're whit sorry but we're actually
turning into them because I've got the
faux fur I know we're slowly stealing
everything that the Mitchell ex do and
yeah anyway I just want to say that they
are by far my favorite video stores so
again check them out yeah
what is he is amazed the quality of
videos is really good and they're just
so lovely and down-to-earth ok that's it
for now boys please excuse our table of
 boys boys boys boys boys we're
having to because of the car pick
shindig and also we're just messy
there's lazy crap up there so stay away
the pizza come on been ages this is
ridiculous
but we are oh we've already started
Harry Potter marathon and we're on
number three oh that's not good
marathons to do around Christmas
cuz we want to get into the Christmas
spirit and last year we didn't watch
enough Christmas films oh look at all
I wanna watch elf we did what shelf and
the Grinch lost yeah I love The Muppet
Christmas Carol
um do I like that's funny Brooklyn okay
pizza just went to say a little
goodnight
I've just been editing this vlog so I
thought I'd end off I'm so so tired I'm
quite meaty as well actually I don't I
think it's just because I don't even
know why it's just like you know
sometimes you feel like you haven't done
anything but you have been on the go all
day but like I don't know through it
anyway hopefully tomorrow I'll have more
energy and it should be a good flop
tomorrow as well and yeah the carpet men
didn't turn up most exciting thing ever
so thank you guys for watching we'll see
tomorrow and I look a lot more tomorrow
sorry I know I haven't done a lot of
talking today I will try harder tomorrow
okay
