now before you begin this I need to set
some ground rules
YouTube has increasingly become a place
where people are a lot more edited with
what they do and say and how much they
serve themselves and things like that
and you've probably noticed it as a
viewer I've noticed it as a youtuber and
a viewer since this is my vlog channel I
want it to be the channel where I can be
totally myself and my editing I mean on
my main channel like I won't be swearing
and it's a bit more you know it's more
tailored towards the style of the
fashion and this is just my day-to-day
life so I want to be a hundred percent
myself if not like 98 99 percent myself
on this channel and during vlogmas and
so I feel like there are usually people
who will pick and pull at certain things
when I'm doing when we're doing daily
vlogging ok so if anyone has a problem
with anything during vlogmas I'm gonna
refer you back to this video so these
ground rules and if you see anyone in
the comments being a dick then refer
them back to this video and the ground
rules in real life I don't always say
things that people OTT of people would
agree with and I swear and I can't be a
bit of a bitch sometimes so I don't want
to edit I don't want to keep editing
that out because it's just part of my
personality and by me like swearing
every now and then it might seem like oh
I've changed it's not it's just that
I've just edited loads of dicks out in
the past and yes so it's not a whole
different me I'm just saying I want to
be more myself and not cut out just
things that I might say in real life
because the vlogs that I enjoy watching
the most on YouTube are people who don't
care and just are themselves and are
really candid the house isn't always
gonna be clean ok I try my best to make
the house as clean as possible and I
always stress about showing like dirt
like mess in the backgrounds and stuff
but it's just life so I'm just gonna try
and accept it
during vlogmas I'm gonna obviously I
never say anything meant to offend
anyone but I just want to also say that
I can't really give offence you can only
take offence so I just feel like
whatever you say now on bloody YouTube
or in life someone takes offense to it
and it's not my intention to offend
people if I say something that's
offended you I apologize I'm just so
sick of trying to like walk on eggshells
on YouTube
I don't always look perfect okay if I'm
saying a lot that I'm tired it's
probably because I've been doing a lot
of cat it doesn't look like I've been
doing much obviously cuz I've been
filming it and then I come on camera and
I'm tired and that's because I've been
working my ass off or traveling or
something like that and so sometimes I
do get tired and no it's not always down
to my diet it's because I'm doing things
that are tiring that I'm just not
filming Jason I'm gonna do our very best
to upload the vlogs as consistently as
we can some days though if it's been
like a nuts day or if we don't have
internet connection or something like
that we'll try and just get them up ASAP
you know as soon as we can so just try
and bear with us if we're like missing a
day or something it will be up and also
if at any point it does get a bit too
stressful or anything I might have a day
off but there's no plan for it it's only
if I'm feeling like really rough or
something but I'm sure Jason can help me
out with like filming certain days and
stuff I think that's it if there are any
more ground rules are gonna leave them
in the description bar but anyway thank
you guys for watching this little intro
I really hope you enjoy blog mists we're
really excited to film it this year and
we're gonna be moving I'm gonna be
moving on the 14th
no the 15th so it might be a little bit
nuts during the moving period but okay
are you guys ready for vlogmas a whole
month and also some days aren't gonna be
as good as other day some days I am just
editing all day but I'll try and make it
as good as I can let me know if you want
to see more cooking or hunting because
trust me we can run more of anything
really let us know I think that's
everything so let's get on with vlogmas
day 1 welcome and I really hope you
enjoy it and Jason's gonna be filming
even more and helping me more this month
so I hope you guys will enjoy that as
well and like get to know him better
let's do this
well welcome to day one hello
welcome today was hi everyone welcome to
day one of vlogmas I am going to be
doing a lot more vlogging I think I
actually be doing some editing as well
as just to help Sam with her workload
plus I'm starting to enjoy a little bit
more so at the moment Sam is out in
London I think she's got a meeting and a
photoshoot so I'm just popping in to get
my management offices so I've got a
meeting that's what we will say okay
that my meet Tim who went really well
just gonna oh I forgot my tag whoops
the guy at the front made me a tired but
he spelled my name wrong
hates me so I've got a little bit of
time before a shoot with Michaela so I'm
just gonna check out some shops I
spotted this graphic art shop and
they're doing a Harry Potter thing so
I'm gonna go and check it out
that's better right I'm gonna try I'm
going to try this latte up which I am
completely coughed copying Steph from
the me she lacks I would see if I could
do a better one than he does they do
have a better coffee machine so mine's
worse pretty good
well if anyone ever wondered why the
barista is always at the coffee it's not
just for fun it's when there's air
bubbles in the milk it it just breaks
the air bubbles that's it and then they
twirl they're just so it mixes all the
milk together alright now I'm going to
try oh great
let's be honest is Royston water no so
cool I may have got tapes and a
Christmas present I'm just gonna get a
coffee because I've got about half an
hour until the shoot so I need a little
bit of energy
I've decided my dogs have the hardest
life ever you do hard work yeah Riley
what you up to go off doing away hey get
out of there quickly
high five don't be lazy high five yeah
give or take I'm just using with Makayla
yeah we this is the second outfit so
we've got one more outfit to do and then
that's it it's really smooth today
actually because sometimes it's really
busy and like people get in the way a
lot and things like that and you know
it's such a cute little boys I don't
know what road with Percy Street just
off Charlotte Street so yeah check it
out if you want a nice place to come and
shoot we've just been shooting here it's
so cute go ahead
okay let's go oh I haven't driven for a
week feels weird
boy I don't even left the road and
there's already a dick I kind of like
the fish I like this it's pretty cool
yeah I might start like a karcher Jason
let me know what you'd want me to chat
about and I shall share about that I
cannot wait to move back to London I'm
so looking forward to it what is this
Jesus Christ the man just stopped in the
middle of the road what are you doing
also when we did the week of box pop a
lot of people asked about these great
beanies and they're all sold out and I
don't know where to restock them or not
so if you want one comment down below so
I can see kind of interest and then
maybe I can restart them
approaching the station that was a good
shoe it's three outfits so that's always
good
and just had it home really I just might
stop back in West um because it's
amazing and I'm hungry maybe but if I do
all this film in the car and my
highlight how shit other road users are
good right oh look you please go
everything in
driving home for Christmas I seen people
snapchats and everyone's got Christmas
trees I feel like we should have one I'm
still on the fish are Riley's made most
perfect cushion thank you
what are you doing I just got home
doing it really gross no and I'll shower
and change goes knackered and I'm just
gonna make coffee yeah hmm I don't know
he's left out by someone Oh Tom I know
we're done I'm not an idiot
snow come and where we've been we've
been with these are not the people I
thought the real would touch scared that
if I see you I'll start missing you too
much so we wanted to say thank you guys
so much for watching we hope you liked
the first vlogmas so jason has hit this
vlog and let us know if you liked if you
liked this vlog because I think like it
will give him more confidence to like
carry on editing and everything I've
watched some of it back already I think
it's really good but that's not what you
think
always the title book ok
you
