hey guys it's Tuesday and I'm about to
leave the house to go to some randoms
and I forgot an even more info over the
place but I'm doing the blog and network
talk and it's with next so then whether
to wear this neck thing so I'm already
wearing this dress and it's got these
bits but I don't know anyway I decide in
the car the taxis outside waiting for me
I still need to I want to make a cup of
coffee to go away because I'm so tired
it's looks really badly
excuse the mess as usual but I'm wearing
my hmm black dress which is like 70's
style and then my Zara masculine coat
and these next shoes which I really like
can't wait to wear these more that's the
one trend yeah I need to do them up okay
oh and maybe my wife
I see you I'm sure you just finished the
tour
I'm so tired I thought I could always
say this when I've been out here was a
really long journey home I had such a
good time though everyone that was so
nice the the girls that put it together
was so friendly and accommodating I
loved meeting other bloggers and just go
you know people I hadn't met before and
having a bit of a chat and everything
it's about 20 past 6:00 now so yeah it's
been a really long day because I left
the house at about quarter past eight I
still got loads of work to do so I look
super like cutting up into a ball but I
got to do I'm so happy Jason's
making dinner he's making steak so I'm
just gonna go downstairs cuz he says
this gonna be ready in about five
minutes
and hi so anyone that come up to me
stays to say hi and it was really nice
to meet you and near the end I was just
losing energy a bit so sorry if I'd
seemed again like not not really
energetic or anything it was just like
really tie it was so good but really
tiring yeah I'm gonna eat dinner and
then I'm going to change into Compu
codes and
to do a bit of my I need to edit some
photos for my blog on of her blog post
up today I recently started watching
things on my Amazon video accounts so
maybe I watched something on there
totally breaking out oh wait for your hi
we're having steak all right they want
my lentils sad so I feel so much better
after eating you know and you just don't
realize that like you just need some
food and it's so important to make you
feel I mean obviously foods important
but I mean to make you feel so much
better
mmm I thought it was so good it was such
a good steak Jason's been amazing today
because he doesn't usually do a lot of
housework and stuff that he did all the
washing up and he'd like cleaned and bit
around the house and and then he made
dinner so it was so sweet because I'm
absolutely knackered from today just
edited a few photos and things so there
should be a new blog post up by the time
you watch this another outfit post and
now I'm just gonna chill I'm gonna go on
so then if you guys have Amazon Prime
but well I had to the normal Amazon for
ages but recently jet will Jason side up
to Amazon Prime a little a few weeks ago
and then I have recently and I don't
realize that you think it like films and
you know TV programs and everything on
there so I'm just gonna have a little
browse there just to kind of unwind and
relax and maybe I'll just switch you
around go in and oh my god I really want
to read this oh my god okay I'm so
excited to read this anyway so I hope
you can see but it is there's so many
things on here
oh my god this smells so good so you
know you've got like popular movies box
set some prime related and there's also
a section where you can go through
different and genres and things like
that I'm really interested in this like
I I've heard a bit about it
alright it 9 out of 10 my own Davey
hello and it looks like it's right up my
alley so
I'm just gonna give this a go and also
cuz I know a lot of you guys might be
students as well when I was a student
everything that I could get like you
know any kind of deals or anything was
really helpful so you can sign up to
Amazon Prime student deal and you can
get a six month trial of Amazon Prime
video be I'll put more details down
below and any links in the description
box so check there out let me know if
you've watched this as well
I'll get back to you after that's fine
maybe I should give you a name
also just before I get into it do you
guys like my pajama top I love it it's
from forever 21 you're cute and all but
you're not getting any of my coffee
anyway back to the show
I just finished the first episode it was
really good I'd recommend it if you're
someone who likes like say if you
watched Russell Brand's videos know
everything and lore you just are aware
of like a bigger power out there that
you know that's just faceless in the
world I believe in that I don't know if
everyone else does but it's really I
really like it like what stuff that it
talks about isn't talked about much in
TV shows and stuff and I could kind of
relate to it because the guy has social
anxiety cool I don't usually watch
things on my own either but that was
actually really relaxing so yeah I'm
gonna head off to bed soon and summer I
think I'll be vlogging as well so I'll
put these all together so I'll see you
guys in the morning
hey guys his Wednesday and right I've
got another busy day I thought I'd show
you my outfit with my messy room again I
feel like every night I I clear my room
up and then every morning I trash it
while I'm getting ready so that's who
you guys it's just always a stay but I'm
actually meeting photographer today just
to do this a few shots my hat is Urban
Outfitters my dress is neon rose which I
got at a sauce
All Saints jacket why cell bag Helen
Moore pom-pom and All Saints boots I've
got a really bad bad headache so instead
of coffee I decided to go for a juice a
fruit juice
and their yoga so I'm headed to Italy on
which agent provocateurs diffusion label
and as a store in a shortage so I'm just
headed there now and I think I'll get to
pick out a
kind of Christmasy fat under unique
slices
I love note right
yeah not feeling too well today that I'd
say trying it like do the best like
Cartman I have just found it it's just
outside and this mr. fields market okay
here it is I'm gonna go inside eight
okay so I'm not chancing sexy lingerie I
picked out these bit cute maybe I should
show you guys just like when you're on
the beach how gorgeous the color of this
one it's called Vanessa can't wait I'm
gonna try this one on now I'm done
I got one set and then I actually bought
another set and a kind of name for it
it's like silky so definitely check out
if you like non sure I'm just going to
go into anthropology because I'm
obsessed
but son she took Maria
some rich shipment today
I'm not trying to address
on Sunday which traits like there
but my energy levels are very low today
but I might just pop to whistles and
then I'm gonna head home and edit and
then we're going 100 steps later which
would be really annoying but I love what
I got in Lhasa it was so nice in there I
just think I'll show you quickly because
I might do a blog post on these bits
because they're so photogenic as well I
think this is the Accord the Donita and
it's like a half cup shape so it kind of
covers about half you'll be but it's
quite sexy I like it and it's just
gorgeous silky material suspenders to go
with it and then I got the Dani bra
which is so nice I love this it looks so
nice on as well and they also do another
design you know what the bit it's like a
triangle bra they do it in that design
as well and then I got the bottoms to go
with it oh and is designed between
Monica and Penelope Cruz as well and
Agent Provocateur so yeah I didn't
mention that before that so pretty thank
you to LeSean first showing me around
the store and like I'm really glad that
I went cuz I wouldn't have gone in there
before cuz I I didn't know how good it
was yeah okay I just thought I'd wrap
this look up here I'm just gonna get to
editing and later we go in Tanner and
Steph's house so that should be so nice
and there's gonna be a singer there and
they're all just gonna chill and chat
and it'll be really nice so if if I've
looked that it will be in the next vlog
and I want to mention before I just want
to mention as much as possible and in
case like someone misses it another time
next week
from a Tuesday until Sunday Jason I will
be working at box Park at our pop up
November night store so not store shop
and come and say hi to us and yeah it's
gonna be really exciting you can come
and look at the clothes and everything
so it's gonna keep letting you guys know
this briefly just in case someone misses
their and because I've never done a prop
up so I'm out of breakfast we're not
this never done a proper meetup in
London before so it's a bit of a kind of
spread out meetup in a way that you can
come and say hi if you want like I am
gonna be like working while I'm there
though so I'm you know I need to be
working as well but yeah it'll be lovely
to meet some of you also lots of um
responded to me on snapchat
I snapped asking who else had watched
mr. robot before and people like yes
it's amazing watch it so I really like
it anyway
