hey guys it's been so long it feels
really weird looking again it's been
really nice to have a little break from
kind of day to day
thing but tonight we're going to the
blogosphere which is the magazine that
I'm on which is amazing it's like a
party kind of an event party so I'm
really excited I'm just about to stop
getting ready and I thought why not slug
it because it makes sense because it's
like like the whole articles about these
Logging's so it would be really cool to
have look at the event and I think
there's going to be lots of other you
know youtubers and bloggers there so it
should be good so I'm going with Jason
and I'm gonna be wearing this dress
which is from chichi London it's really
pretty I don't know what shoes to wear
with it yet but yeah it's had a workday
today it's been editing my next makeup
tutorial video and then I was just doing
some like boring tax stuff and tomorrow
I've got a good day as well actually up
in London so maybe I'll make this a 2
day through all our evening and a day
thing and just put it together so right
I'm gonna get ready I look like a bloody
state ok so this is my dress it's from
chichi London and it's this kind of
design it's really pretty
it's really flowy only get down below in
case you guys are interested like always
and then I'm just wearing some Topshop
nude mule shoes I've had these for ages
but I thought it just goes really well
and then I'll show you guys what it
looks like oh wait thank you money
here's my makeup just you can't really
see much just a little bit shimmery on
the eye and pretty neutral and I'm going
to show you guys my outfit with Nicole
okay so this is all together the coats
from sorry I got it the other day and I
love it and the bag is from Topshop I
really want to bring it but I don't know
if I can bring this back because I don't
know if it'll fit in my bigger bag I
have to take but yeah do you want to say
where your
it's not ruined it will come out clean
up nice thank you something about train
like that always makes you look
horrendous we're just on our way we're
on a train and we're both we're both
feeling a bit dodgy they experiment even
like body anything all day so we're
going to try and do this should I get
doing this so that evening and then I
have a nice meal or something afterwards
say I'm thinking though it might be good
if there's was this
if that's per second or something like
her she'd be going like warmer cookies
hi
say a huge thank you to everyone for
coming this evening to celebrate the
Lord 57 their stars the stunning
Samantha Maria so nice to see the
progress of their family come together
and be able to put faces to the many
many names
wieszczyk thick high-quality paper
worthy of your words but it's also
useful the blogosphere is filled with so
many voices and by putting the best of
them together big and funny and putting
them into one tangible product they can
sit in a home on a coffee table or the
show and enjoy hey guys so I just got
into the personal styling room it's
amazing look at this oh my god like this
bottle of water over there and then
assemblage
so my personal what would you call it a
personal shopper pulled all these
amazing pieces I can't wait I'm just
going to try some things on and all
these shoes so exciting yeah this is my
outfit
I love this jumper so cool it's high
neck and then it's got these tassels not
on the skirt
I love this peplum top oh my god it's
like a blazer top it's so comfortable
this dress is so cute I just got home
I'm so tired
and I'm gonna change now change into
comfy clothes and look at my Topshop
purchases I'm so like I'm so happy about
it and it was really cool to have oh
yeah I have it done a little prick
debrief it was really cool to have
someone that kind of get a little idea
of your style and then just pull out
things that they would like and it
sounds silly but once someone does it
for you it makes you like you then try
things that you wouldn't try before and
that you are pleasantly surprised by and
I really liked it so the girl that I had
was Alva Mackenzie and she was so nice
so friendly it was really you know
chilled and comfortable they're not like
they don't like shove things at you that
they think you should wear or anything
it's very like she was like just let me
know if you want any other colors or any
other bits and bobs and kind of let me -
left me to it to try stuff on and just
waited outside and stuff it was really
good so I got some new bits I've also
got my eye on some other Topshop bit so
I might do that at some point oh and
then I had another meeting in Kings
Cross and I saw Arabella and I haven't
seen her for so long so it's so nice to
see her i link her channel and blog down
below she's I love her style she's kind
of got she actually got me into it all
the pussy bows and the pretty clothes
she's got awesome stars and she's so
sweet tonight I'm just gonna be all
looking to upload a video it's night
I've got a just get a blog post up
upload a video and relax and white paint
my nails so I'm gonna change me a
company I just want to do a little bit
of an update slash end to this blog
because I know it's been a little bit
here and there this week's when the oh
my god this week's been so busy and like
a lots been going on
and that's Jason texted me from
downstairs and kind of I haven't had
enough time to do a proper vlog of the
week or something but I really wanted to
vlog going to the blogosphere party I
hope you guys liked that footage and
when we do vlog we're going to be doing
vlogmas when we do block miss we'll be
using there are like big Canon cameras
to get really nice shots and things like
we're planning to you know make the
vlogs even better quality than they have
been before and yeah I'm looking forward
to next week because it's just probably
when you guys are watching this but it's
it's again quite busy but a bit less
stressful
I hope and yeah oh if you guys haven't
seen I uploaded a video on Sunday
it's an outfits of the week so on
location around London and stuff just
outfits that I've been wearing or
styling and and and also I got a blog
post up an outfit post from like in
Kings Cross at Kings Cross and also a
knitwear like lust I'm doing so on my
blog I'm doing lust lists so things that
I'm lusting over or kind of suggestions
of certain like a certain type of
clothing or shoes or it could be
anything and so I'm gonna be doing those
more also as an if you guys know but
I've also got a wishlist section on my
blog now which is good just got like
whenever I'm browsing the web and I see
things that I want that I like gonna
save them and then they directly go on
to my blog wish lists like when I win
out update it so that's shoppable as
well so if you guys are interested and
things that I'm lusting then I'll link
I'll link these down below in particular
these pages and also now I've got a new
in section so stuff that I've got new
and like if it's between when I film or
whole you know some sometimes I miss
showing things and a whole cuz it's just
not the time of the month but I'm doing
a haul or something and then I'll take
photos over there like if I and if I
haven't worn it for a blog post I'll
take photos so what's new in and just
show you guys on my blog because I love
seeing what other people buy that you
know stuff that's new so yeah I just
thought that could be good and on the
blog I've got categories as well so if
you want to look up like Bay's in London
food posts
style beauty all that stuff is now in
categories and let me know what you
think
and yeah I think that's everything for
now I think I'll sign off thank you guys
so much for watching I'm gonna be
vlogging as well I think tomorrow which
is Monday I think maybe Monday and
Tuesday but yeah I'll be vlogging again
and that will be up this week as well so
bit of a double whammy this month I fell
like this months just a bit crazy cuz
I'm trying
hopefully December what oh by the way
we're moving in December on the 15th of
December ok so that's going to be nuts
we'll be vlogging while we're moving and
stuff so yeah I'm trying to get loads of
stuff in from November say December can
be a bit more enjoyable and a bit less
of me like manically working all the
time and apologizing so anyway I want to
sign off and I'll see you guys really
soon nah nah follow me on snapchat I'm
obsessed with it I'm always on it ok and
I love watching your snaps ok back
