I'm so happy that it's Halloween but
it's the last day of looking like you
know part of I think by the last day of
daily vlogs part of me it's always like
it is a bit of a relief because it's a
lot of work to do but but it is nice
like having the communication with you
guys daily and like reading all the
comments and you guys saying that you
enjoy the videos and everything so it's
like bittersweet but yeah okay so yeah
it's actually really good because today
we thought we weren't going to be doing
much but it's one of Jason's friends
kind of birthday shindig so you know and
also Halloween so we're gonna dress up
and go out and we're gonna go over to
heads and then I think go out and
Shoreditch so yes it should be really
good should be a really good blog so
that's what happening later but in
between we're gonna I think chill at
home I've got editing to do as always
I've got a spot here mm well so we know
what the dogs are gonna watch the rugby
final I guess get ready for the night
out and stuff yes and I'm wearing a dark
lip in in honor of Halloween there Jason
was like he looked at my lips and I was
like he was looking at my lips and I'm
sorry it's just going to go and get he's
gone to pay something at the post office
and I was like oh maybe he'll say like
he really likes this color on me and he
went you always put your lipstick over
the bump
you know like almost like home but it's
called and keep it's both and it was
like you always do that it's like oh I
thought you're gonna say like something
nice about my lipstick okay but yeah
sometimes I accidentally kind of go I go
into that bit does that make sense
anyway I'll go keep an eye out for a
traffic warden so I'll catch up with you
guys later
oh I thought I'd just show you my outfit
quickly in case I don't get to show you
it I probably will when I'm back at home
though I'm wearing my free people dress
with justice black scarf
All Saints jacket and then I'm wearing
my all same and no Asus boots the long
boots so yeah it looks really cool
together we am tries out a plan suggest
place but it will so very small
super we need somewhere a little bit
bigger yeah so you promise so I'm just
true then what to be I think it's
between about three things those pans
mainland something nuts you just like we
got our outfit we're gonna get some mm I
think we're going Pizza Express hey guys
just before I change later and stuff I
thought I'd show you my outfit
and it just looks a bit better in this
in this setting but yeah I love this
dress I always wear this and then the
boots I saw sand yeah I showed you
before but we're just gonna go and walk
the dogs so yeah then we're gonna watch
the rugby I just taking the dogs for a
walk
but isn't as such a prissy way to end
flipped over we're just trying to train
the dogs a little bit while we're out as
well because we've got these new tricks
now but they're being so much better
it's amazing just for watching the rugby
you ask me dressed mind Minds here or
did I show you guys I'm gonna be getting
dressed in today I'm so excited
this is his lion sword became Sam's
doing a pre food workout do you think
it's going to help her burn calories
keep your drops well my mom came over
she bought some of her pumpkin soup she
makes some each year which is so good so
I knees from last night and then gonna
get ready I think and then the mayor
beat off and bring my camera I hope I
don't lose it or something that I'm
really bad I'm starting to get ready I'm
doing a white dead bride kind of makeup
I have no idea what I'm doing I've not
found there and I just emptied all our
stuff out onto the floor
this is pretty much the makeup I mean it
looks a bit different in real life - on
video looks a bit crap on da I've done
lashes on top and bottom and I've just
tried to layer with like a bit of blue
and a bit of sparkle a bit of white and
I think I'll mess up the lips because
obviously it wouldn't be like really
neat lips and yeah I'm just going to get
dressed also this is what was my
obviously really last-minute inspiration
I just pulled this up and thought I'd
love to do something like that so
obviously that is amazing looks nothing
like that it's just something that I
used that's amazing okay before I go I'm
just in case I don't get another chance
to show you my outfit this oh yeah it's
like quite the Kingsmen so I'm wearing
these nude heels were there and it looks
a lot better in person and I've put like
this like extra rose on me and stuff and
I took away their the crown thing so
look silly but yeah I don't know kind of
fun ah this looks a bit better okay you
can put you can see a bit better now I
realized that I have this crown from
regal Rose which it's amazing and I
didn't I didn't realize that I'd wet be
wearing it tonight but it fits amazingly
so I'm so thankful so yeah here we are
I need to add more blood that doesn't
make any sense
so this quite correctly it's like you're
peeling
I made myself a bloody eye those days
always at the party I'm a subscriber I
said on the way
this is Luther the end is nigh Sydnor
this is other night has ended I've had
to take off my shoes because we were
walking for like ten minutes and these
shoes are hurt yeah hey guys it's the
next day I've just put on Addams Family
Values it's one of my favourite films
ever
I love understand me so much anyway
I just wanted to end you know give an
end to this vlog and thank you guys all
so much for watching us like this month
if you watched everyday or if you were
in and out it doesn't matter of it yeah
thank you so much for watching
it's been really fun filming like it's
been as I said earlier in the vlog like
it does get a bit stressful sometimes
but it's it's not it's it's really fun
to do as well and then when I don't like
when I end it and then I've got my next
day's after doing daily vlogs I'm always
like oh like I don't have to film those
really wait
Oh in case you guys didn't know or my
main channel I put up our couples 1 2 3
tag video and so I'll link that down
below if I remember but yeah it was such
a laugh yesterday it was um yeah we went
to the Old Queen's Head I think it's
called yeah it was a good day it was
really good Halloween actually and I'm
finishing it off today by watching this
now but yeah see you guys soon will vlog
again soon and so I'll see you then
