it's a good morning because I have
finally been able to make myself a cup
of coffee yes just marvel at that so
creamy so we just had the dog behavioral
behavioral arrest behavior anyway she
just left it was really interesting also
really tiring so it's like you know it's
like a massive lesson that was about
four three four hours so we learnt so
much from it I'm so great dead now
but it was really good I'm just gonna go
out and get some food I'm starving
haven't had anything all day just coffee
the dogs are gonna be really tired as
well it just from all the thinking and
training so also I'm not supposed to go
and like I want to strike him now but
I'm shouldn't because then it's on his
terms not mine and stuff so that's gonna
be really hard to not do hey guys oh my
god it's been such a kind of nuts day
again I'm just sitting down now - I'm
half four I'm just sitting down now to
try and get some work done I've got a
video to cut up and leave me a blog post
up just a a bit of chalk across the dock
Trading was so interesting there's so
many things that we've been doing wrong
like it makes sense the things that we
need to do yeah then we just went out
and we need to get some bits for the
dogs like we needed one more dog bed and
to get them new blankets and things so
we did that and then we just come home
this such weather today it's just
like pissing it down so we don't really
want to stay out long anyway just come
home I'd love to make an apple crumble
tonight if I can if I just go get some
work done and Jason's been quite
stressed as well there's some N&K stuff
that's been there
it just seems warm our experience is
that every day or every other day
there's kind of a problem that we need
to sort out and it's just this really
stressful it's really good experience
though like you know getting to know
what the industry's like and running
your own fashion business but yes
definitely definitely stressful so he's
just taking
like a little breather and also it
stressful because it's not like you know
you need to work with manufacturers and
the people that are dealing with making
their clothing and so you know there's
all it's difficult because you're not
always there at the factory obviously
when these things are happening so it's
over the phone that you've mostly gonna
be like good to try and sort things out
when you can't see everything in person
I'm gonna try and get a little work done
I really feel like curling up into a
bordo and just going to sleep but anyway
work usually D stresses me a bit how
weird is that I guess it's that your
game tree what to do nest though oh if
you wondered my jumpers from Topshop I
love it it's so cozy and it's so cool
I'll link it down below if you're
interested also I have something I have
a confession oh well along with me now
being obsessed with it like ten
different designer bags now that I've
got one of my comic God I need I need
dolce gabbana I mean get a Balenciaga
and pretty much everything like Chanel
fast with Phillip Lim bags how nice
today
oh my god I saw them in Selfridges a
little while ago and then oh just look
at these colors you put I don't know if
it's registering on the camera but I
might get one or a lot cheaper then kind
of what you know Chanel's and things but
it looks so practical but so it's such a
nice design wait can you can see oh my
god they're so nice if you've got one
let me know what you know what do you
think of it and how they are and how
they last there's nothing better in life
than when your bosoms feel nice and
secure I need to do my hair so scusi I'm
just waking up and then I did a bit of
dog training self excited to do it and
I'm just gonna make a coffee with the
old sage Oh what I'm meeting my mom
today so that should be nice just
meeting her in town just not sure so
yeah yeah it's rainy again today though
it's true
mulatto R is getting worse but I've been
out of the game for a little bit I just
twist about it as well my mum started
texting me and using emojis
and I find it so cute you like these
little hearts and stuff and welted shoes
and a thumbs up I'm just going to the
post office to get cut well the
connection it's been cut two packages
that came yesterday but we missed them
I really hope it's I'm hoping as these
Caillou's that was supposed to be sent
so we're both really hungry I'm hungry
so we're going to get some kind of well
kind of healthy then okay my lunch
I don't just come we've got healthy fish
Wow yours looks amazing
I should've on that one superfood salad
we Italian oh my God look at the
halloumi vegetarian so we got parmesan
and truffle fries okay I've got it I got
I know I got salmon and avocado salad
but I do wish I got the quinoa
whether let's talk called that designer
store this place is so cool
we're just smelling candles they're
really unusual like look there's a
coriander one we call it coriander
there's radish shaking what's that one
let's see carrot carrot they're really
nice they the vanilla ones so nice I
don't know if it's honey that one I'll
that make curtains I love honey there's
kale so unique we just went into and W
it so because my mum wanted to see it
look as feelers out yet because I'm
going to be on the cover of the next one
which is so exciting only carrots come
down below and website about the focus
but yeah they didn't have it I was
thinking like because we're not like
right in London where I live so it made
me it's more around in London or
something
but my mom is really eager to get a copy
and everything and there's also going to
be a little like event in November that
we're going to as well for the magazine
so I'm so excited it's Marcus
Butler on the cover of the current one
sewing room
yes Halloween oh we might be throwing
out things and shops so we're gonna go
to Cafe Niro and get like a little tree
it's frightening I used to get that all
the time so anyone else I love Cornish
Pasties so jealous of you Cornish people
I love this time of day it's all getting
all dark nice hey guys so just sitting
here with one arm obviously and so I
thought well she was driving me home and
I thought I'd ask her some questions
about like what and I think it would be
interesting for you guys to hear what
she thinks or like me do YouTube and
everything because I wanted to do a
video with my mom for ages or my main
channel and just haven't got around to
where what do you think of me doing
YouTube and I think it's a groovy way of
expressing himself powers train driving
the car so I can't look at the camera
you'll have to forgive me guys what did
you think when I start first started
doing YouTube did you think it was weird
and you were happy doing them I mean you
know okay
you have to do other things with them a
little way in life but initially doing
things that make you happy hey you've
got one life yeah
what else they want to know this is a
bacon actually I've just looked at the
Montag so I just picked a question from
there what do you see one quick to me
and what was I like as a child
I'm gonna be biased I totally honest
with you be totally honest with you you
were beautiful natured you loved to
dance you love yeah I didn't dance was
trying to sing and I will always reading
books yeah I love to read
what something funny I did when I was
younger
oh yeah we'll do a proper video I think
I've been Chinese for dinner oh my god
it looks really good
I think I'll sign up tonight here
because I'm really tired just as always
and yeah I'll just get editing this vlog
and she'll be doing much else tonight
just eating and then relaxing really so
yeah if anything else interesting
happens of log it but I don't think it
will do thank you guys for watching and
we'll see you tomorrow oh my god it's
gonna be the last day tomorrow that's so
weird so yeah we'll see you for
Halloween Jonah say bye
