hello nice tongue Franklin so I just got
back from the gym I had had a shower and
a rough you work things to do and other
than that I am waiting by the front door
because the new Halo games coming up and
a really exciting player I was never
into halo but now I am because Steph
from the mission acts and Victoria's
boyfriend Alex I both get in Halo and
they've said I should get it and we'll
we'll all play online so I'm really
looking forward to that it's quite sad
but it's gonna be firm and look at this
I'm just gonna pop out to go and get
coffee because I'm working and I'm
flagging so much and I don't have any
energy I'm not just falling asleep I
don't know why say I always thought I'd
show you my errands outfit because I
quite like it I might just take this bag
with me it's from Pete free but it's
from Free People
I really like it I love the color of it
Brittany was recorded last week okay oh
my god crazy
why do you don't run off boy in a 90's
boy band I've been editing for all day
pretty much like apart from when I went
to go and get the coffee anyway let me
switch this camera around cuz it ain't a
good idea we're having to birth little
Riley because he went out earlier and
he's he's all muddy I think he went in a
swamp or something I don't know so we're
gonna bathroom then both gonna get mud
all over the carpet right yeah sit down
bro sit down sit somewhere fast Ryan and
help down turn the camera
this up in the back yeah
it's now Franklin's turn he's actually
been like the focus goddamnit
he's actually been quite good when we've
asked him before he's just like okay
I've had my turn
sorry
Sheba's yesterday was just a total
workday so oh it's so shiny right oh I
thought to put these two days together
and because yeah I don't know just might
as well cuz I don't it's P I don't have
to be really really bland so this
morning I've just been doing more work
and then today's another workday to be
honest and yeah we're just going to town
to post some November night packages and
go ask Jason to take a picture of my
outfit for me for my degree not too much
to report tomorrow is going to be in
London and do a shoot but I didn't
realize that we've got a dog trainer
lady coming over to Mars help us with
frankly writing and Franklin so that
should be good but it means that I can't
go up and do that so that sucks
that's it really Jason's just seeing if
we can park here because the car park in
town is is closed or something
yeah but Alma it's so close to the end
of October it's so weird
okay wait wait I'm wearing my blue
powder blue tasteless hat I'm wearing
well it will kinda be easier standing up
I'm wearing Topshop Beach Topshop jeans
All Saints boots and this is from H&M Oh
am i bad why I said of course we're just
getting some veggies for dinner
we're just sitting down having a bit of
lunch I just picked up just picked up
one of my favorite things from prep the
sushi salad and then I'm gonna do work
also my mom went to Alton Towers
recently and she sent me this in the
post there's a little Buddha man okay so
I'm just chilling with Frankie they're
trying to make him relax in the room but
it's not easy some things have kind of
landed on my desk that today and I
thought I just show you because I
haven't opened it yet some bits from
neon I think it's for I think it's kind
of like their Christmas collection might
be wrong but how gorgeous is that box so
nice
okay let's see oh yes oh my god
white neroli mimosa and lemon candle
that looks amazing
face body and hair oil Oh 20 pounds some
gift treatment felt sure that makes such
that would make a really really lovely
present I'd love to give that to my mom
and then and then here is oh yes another
candle I honestly get so excited by
candles just gonna open it oh my god
this is so gorgeous Christmas wish it
smells of kind of sparked like orange
and spices mmm actually smells really
good I don't usually like orange scented
things but that's really nice and that's
maybe a bit cinnamony it just smells it
literally smells like Christmas try make
these out I don't know if they're
available yet but I'll link them down
below
Franklin Frank give up my boots I also
just realized this is a scent for
happiness how nice is that
I just set a smell to it it's so nice
it's like a calm soft smell it's lovely
I've just touched my way my way talk to
myself away in my room pretty much all
day apart from going to town is this is
like a miracle yesterday Pop's town
earlier but yeah other than that I've
just been editing the looks that are
going to be going on this week I'm
really excited to upload these videos
because I've got favourites video and
then the video that we come together and
it's really funny and I really want to
do more couples videos because it was
fun so yeah oh I got bits to make an
apple crumble so maybe I can do that
so we started doing date nights and
Wednesdays second weekend were like
don't know if we should go out tonight
cuz they were not on Monday night so you
know it wasn't long ago and I don't know
we're just feeling a bit homey today so
we're gonna make steak and a veg and
maybe I'll do something on the side that
I've been really wanting to make up a
crumble for a while because it's getting
into autumn it's all cold it's such a
nice like homemade treat to have so
maybe I'll do that but yeah I've been in
quite a good mood today just just being
quite productive and I just still got
those stats - I've got emails to do but
you know I'm feeling quite kind of happy
which is good I don't if it's got
anything to do coming off the pill
hopefully all I wanted to show you guys
my inspiration board I've changed up a
little bit today this is my little
workstation and he's been just sleep in
there by me he I gave him a bone to eat
and then he started like he started like
he'd be choking on the last bit like it
was kind of small but he'd then he'd
bring it back up and then try and eat it
so I had to like drag him away from the
bone just takes it's really dangerous I
mean he didn't mind Toki you just want
to eat it this is my inspiration board
it's massive like in relation to my hand
so I just thought I'd show you some bits
I've gotten here I loved I loved this
Vogue cover so I just got that on there
but I just I don't know it brings
inspiration for what I'm thinking of for
you know what to put together for
styling videos or it for even designing
for November night and yeah I mean I
don't have to explain much Rosie is just
a goddess and I am just not these these
things that I've got interesting or not
that I love looking at other people's
inspiration
what are you doing nothing
I'm so tired I think it's about 10:00 to
6:00 but I've just been editing my head
off so I think I'm just going to go and
change it to comfy clothes and like do
any other work I've got to do downstairs
and won't be with the dogs and and the
boyfriend hi everyone it's dinner time
and I thought I'd show you what we cook
in
oh you probably saw we got earlier but
it's the steaks and I'm just gonna
prepare it and show you I would do it
sort from the flap I haven't I didn't
have a great night's sleep so I'm really
tired so I'm just trying to get through
the cooking so normally with steak steak
is very simple to cook rice or the round
preparation and these aren't like steak
from the butchers are just for Marks and
Spencers they're not gonna be dressed
anywhere but normally what I would do is
about 40 45 minutes before I'd season
them with salt and pepper because if the
the salt when you put it in 40 mins
before well drag out the moisture and
the snake but if you do if you don't
leave it in for long enough your hope it
has the reverse effect so long we know
so I'm gonna do is just put the pepper
on at the end I'm just gonna put a bit
of salt on and then we leave the pepper
in there for about 15 minutes just to
really get into the meat give it a rub
in and make sure your hands are clean
from both sides I leave the steaks for
about 10-15 minutes just to soak in
pepper also
peppercorn and blue cheese sauces and
Justin vegetables which I'm gonna fry up
I'm gonna get the F the pan really
really hot that's really important
and I'm gonna cook here in a bit of
butter with some some garlic cloves
garlic cloves I'm just gonna crush
pretty got some butter the pan should be
nice and hot but the way to tell easily
is Gary water and just chuck it on if it
steams then you know just good and hot
and you wish that was there
then crush garlic mistake
not the best time because there's a yeah
depends on Brown instantly
you want to keep them on a minute on
each side so off to us we don't remain
out I'm going to flip it I have it I'm
gonna get for it and then obviously
depend on how you want it around maybe a
bread but they depends on the thickness
of me
so I'm cooking these about six to seven
minutes so they're medium wrap so I'll
only do about brief clips you've got a
smell with the garlic and the Bucks are
coming up okay normally I'd use a bit of
time as well we don't have any time I
mean you're a complete beginner you can
always cut in and see what it's doing in
the middle you look that's still where I
don't even seen that that's still very
red in there so it's gonna need a few
more few more minutes yeah but you got
really thin steak the one take a block
by the end of it it should have a nice
crust on the outside and never overcook
a steak
doing your thing more medium rare yeah
yeah I'm getting Sam slowly on for more
from the more rare slide that you can
see now on this one skin get a nice
across their bluster film angle no do
you want to let the steaks rest for a
good minute that's guess what the juice
is going if it's not enough for you it's
not enough for me I like to put a little
bit of butter just on the top to melt in
while they're resting really really adds
to the flavor
yes no it's where I'll put some sort of
not lows you don't give that a nice
swishing flip and so on this flies
clip again and now the butter should be
going through and it will be ready to
serve in about 40 seconds finished
product looks amazing if you like meat
no we've got a steak if you want to see
a good steak
let's go about a year and a half back in
the blog Channel wearing yeah steak for
a surprise yeah Valentine's Valentine's
night and Sam's gonna can you link it
yeah pollen cat Sam will link it in okay
good one yes and right peppercorn sauce
blue cheese sauce and amazingness okay
so it's a look oh no I just painted my
toenails no bill I so if I smudge them
anyway the steak was really good it was
really tasty and we just chilled we
watched Skyfall cuz I've been wanting to
watch after see me the nearest pond it
made me want to watch rifle now Jason is
just playing on the Xbox I'm just
chilling on my laptop and like catching
up on favorite blogs and else really so
I just thought I'd end the vlog
hey did get time to make apple crumble
though tomorrow tomorrow I want some
good good crumble oh my god we've got
custard as well mmm I had like six
biscuits tonight that is not good anyway
I'm babbling I'll see you guys tomorrow
thank you so much for watching
