we should probably get a scraper that
gets some elbow grease in there
anyway it's fun to have a little bit
good day everybody
it's well it's the 11th today it's the
11th what that's really hard to say if
the 11th today we're just on our way to
do a bit of errand running it's been a
bit of a crazy morning because indeed
was going to be at nursery today but
they're closed
so everything I had planned and about
window we're headed to roads are perfect
we're headed to hobby crafts and being q
I'm gonna be doing more of Indies Narnia
which are today
yeah it's sometime in afternoon yes
we're trying to on the water to the face
of the bus I feel good if you chat about
what's been going on recently
oh well first I'd like I just want to
say thank you to avoid abuse of the
comments and stuff for nine
crazy the sport
yes very nice to see ya over the past
month was
I kinda had a relapse of depression and
anxiety
for those who don't know I think it
started me about five years ago from
four years ago and I got
diagnosed with clinical depression and
it was really bad time I go through and
over I got I got great I was in a good
good place and I decided that I went to
I'm on I take medication I found that's
just what was best for me joy to drag
this out it's not to drive it says great
a couple months before we had in the
other side come off of the medication
because that was always my plan it's
very difficult to come off so I had to
swap to a different medication and
obviously over the space of about six
months I just kind of slowly
deteriorating I didn't really realize it
I ended up getting really bad again
about the last month or so since then
I've been getting a lot better
I've gone back onto the medication I was
on which I've got no problem with
because I was absolutely fine life is
good yes I'm just trying to get back to
normal life things are still difficult
for me like going planning events and
stuff some of the usual things because
they're they're not great
like if you're feeling it today oh yeah
so like oh just just simple things like
going into into London is bit daunting
but
we have done it and will do again never
just get easier and easier that's a very
difficult for the past month but
obviously
difficult Sam is work she's kinda had to
look after me and in the
and obviously their work at the same
time sir
yeah but it's like different obviously
it's nothing like you've been actually
going through but then for me it's been
difficult to juggle everything last
month or so it's been difficult tiring
the Davis household
but we're
we're getting better-looking foots
Christmas
the reason I wanted to share is because
I'm sharing and raise awareness for
mental health is it's the most it's just
reinvented if anyone is suffering
whatever you do get better speak to
someone
you will not again so I just didn't
hobby craft gained a few bits and bobs
no you know I love Christmas everyone
we've got a lot of people got your books
raisins
yeah even join them who's gonna eat all
those before they got Kalin a calendar
fall wow I thought because just because
then I love this is why just because I
thought would be lovely
okay / also for us
hey guys I'm just running out the door
I'm headed up to central London and I
thought I'd just show you my outfit was
wearing my turtleneck jumper from
Topshop leather jeans from reserved coat
is a sauce I showed it in my whole
recently I'll link it down below I love
it
and then my I'm only wearing these
because I would wear my black boots but
I want to slip around everywhere in on
the ice at the moment so I'm just
wearing my Stan Smith's and that's it
then I'm going to wearing my bets you're
gonna wear my Balenciaga bag over yeah
got my cheap Monday hoops in as well
let's go
I'm just off Oxford Street or Regent
Street now I'm actually headed to sketch
I'm gonna go meet Victoria M Carly
Amelia and Susie and it will be so nice
the oven all got together for ages
I'm really looking forward to that so
it's down one of these roads and at one
time which is good here we are if I'm
not the only one here I'm right on time
I'm so happy with myself
this is sketch
thank you and I'm hey it's alright how
big is this probably can't see the
reference but why keep choosing Ranma
everything's damaged with decoration on
top so it has such a nice chat and now
I've got a few errands to run I'm sure
you guys have all seen these toilets but
look
guys look at Selfridges I've never seen
as before that reminds me of New York so
much
so I don't really have that much to vlog
while I've been doing everything else up
here now I'm headed home
I'm gonna get the train home and
probably catch up with you guys later
when I'm at home now there's bad fight
if it was so nice to see everyone at
sketch Anam we just had a good catch up
and the food's amazing just got home and
this is how the narnia cupboard wardrobe
wardrobe wardrobe is going it's really
good it's really cool actually to see
the progress over a few days what knows
what we're going to do for her second
birthday if this is the first how's it
been and we've got little Indy
let's pretend that this botanist isn't
happening but I just wanted again to
jump in at the end and thank you guys
for watching this vlog I'm just about to
kind of start editing and everything and
then I'm going to take my makeup off and
yeah I'm quite tired don't actually have
that much more to say so yes I'll see
you guys in the next one hopefully
tomorrow sorry that was a little bit of
a gap bye
