it's not funny that dogs have to have a
really particular spot where they do
their business
most of humans like that sorry
anyway it's Monday morning I'm about to
go what is up with this lighting and my
eyebrows I was gonna pop out to
Starbucks vain get coffee because coffee
mushy was still broken when they when
they gave returned
when they returned it to us so they've
taken it away again so it's like the
third time that they haven't done it and
I want to film today so yeah one of
those hello it's me
Oh everything yeah I have message and
that message is Adele should receive a
damn hood for making me emotional
because she's just the best woman a dame
hood this is just if you're watching
this Adele no I didn't cry no anyway if
you're watching this Adele come and live
with us okay this is my lunch today well
kind of brunch it's a bit similar to
yesterday I've got I have I'm having the
rest of the spinach naki some solidly
some artichoke croutons round a bit of
chicken okay I'm just about to fill in
the favorites video and Jason and I are
gonna film film a video together yeah
that should be up on Sunday it's so
right just gonna get to filming okay so
I just filmed my first video and now
we're gonna film the couple's want you
to be tired
Thanks and I'm really excited cause we
haven't filmed together for ages
dad it's getting dark though I don't
usually film when it's to start right
okay we just filmed the target well
reading well it was really funny to film
and I just wanted to apologize I feel
like I'm always saying this but I feel
like I've not lost much or today and all
yesterday it's just been I've just been
trying to get loads of stuff done today
I've just been I'm like tidy in the
house and stuff I don't have shown you
guys before my clothes room but it's
because it's usually a mess slash I've
never really finished it because we've
kind of known that we wouldn't be living
here for a really long time so why don't
I just give you guys a little see I see
a little peak say
this is kind of my daily mirror that I
just checked me up it in you know okay
yeah this is a bit messy so I've got
this big rail and then this rail here
just from Ikea this one so I miss things
like this one is all my outerwear coats
and stuff I just got my hat's up there
as you can see and then this one kind of
starts with like I just don't have
enough space so here is um it looks
messy just because that's a bit creased
but kind of plain white or black tops mm
so I feel like I'm losing my voice today
then like grey tops then going into kind
of more fancy top somewhat like
differently styled tops I still need to
wear this it's from Topshop
then going into jumpers into dresses and
then kind of nightwear slash random
stuff sometimes I wonder about people
site dressing rooms and stuff so I just
thought I'd show you tonight actually
should be good kind of good-looking wise
so we've got we've got some and okay
what to do with a dress we're going to
be sourcing outfitting of of a new dress
that we've got coming out and then we're
gonna go out to dinner because we were
seeing we've put the other day to see
suspect Oh what is that how long oh God
we're Bootsy specs for the other day so
we're seeing that at 9:20 which is quite
late frost you we don't usually go to
the cinema that late but all those seats
were taken and so we're gonna have a bit
of a gap so we're gonna go for dinner
we don't know where yeah and then go to
see Specter and I can't wait Robyn we've
been waiting for this film to come up
with so long anywho I'm gonna go
downstairs get a blog post up I've been
trying to get up for ages and get edit
yesterday's vlog
how nice is her dress nice everyone
everyone oh when I go to pick friends
enough Frank white hello Franco you know
Shirley we're just catching up on X
Factor because we missed it yesterday
we kind of missed it all weekend
actually so we're just catching up I'm
just making a cup of tea
we hope this goes well we've done our
dress business and we're just getting
changed to go to go out for some food I
think we gonna go to Jaime's yeah
thought I'd show you my bond dinner
night Oh oh how embarrassing the tags on
my bag story of my life
okay let's crap in the mirror but on top
I'm wearing I'm Zara necktie just to
also a Zara
gray top my coat is from ASOS it's like
a wool biker jacket I really like GE
iswas jeans Topshop boots a bag is from
Zara as well and that's it they were the
twinness back there doesn't go but who
cares okay bye I switched I'm gonna wear
this AllSaints bag looks a lot better
that's why my ass
remember you know subscriber and Jamie's
were so sweet
you're nothing
to be destroyed
cinema you know
favorite sweets
and they don't normally have them
their crowd-pleaser having their
favorite
sometimes when they go and they don't
have happy actually burns my night
yeah I really like the the red long ones
with the white middle
nice
zoom rooms I never get like that too big
that - let's see what hassle - through
tight
I'd like to show you guys today I opened
a package from regal rose and I've been
meaning to open it for a little while
and I just hadn't anyway I really love
this ring they sent me this ring and I
just love the simplicity of it so it
feels really good quality yeah I'll link
it down below because I've always loved
Pringle rose since I first you know
first I heard of them
they are always coming out with
something new some
very like trendy and stylish and stuff
so a lethal example Oh
hey guys I kind of just well I realized
why I went to edit that I haven't
finished this vlog off and I thought I
always do that when we go to the cinema
just some like okay I'm tired but
basically we came out of the cinema
cinema and I I was really looking
forward to the film and it's a really
good film like it just
there was like okay no I don't to run it
for anyone okay so I just prefer the
last film but I think it was it was
amazingly there was like visual and
those act like good action and yeah I
just I just think the trailer made it
like oh there's an organization that bla
bla bla and like you're going to get all
this there's going to be this
interesting storyline and I just didn't
think that was a really interesting
storyline whereas in Skyfall I really
liked the villain ah time for his real
name but he was so good he's only have
EA Bardem I love him he said he was so
good and I love Christopher warts but um
I just wish he had he was in the film a
bit more or something anyway it was good
I just I don't know how was a bit like
oh but I never want to ruin films for
anyone that's just my opinion
oh I also loved layer they do she's
bloody gorgeous I love her um so yeah
that's that and then I was so - I was
like kind of getting sleepy in the
cinema as well which never usually
happens to me um so yeah I just came
home and you just took my makeup off and
clocked out so I wanted to end this vlog
if you're wondering my lipstick I'm
wearing it's the first of all use it's
so soft it's this why sell one things
it's 206 such a nice color I just want
it to like chuck on a red okay I'll see
you guys right alright my head's all
floppy I just washed it this morning
sorry
