go morning it's Sunday say but it feels
like a Monday I don't know why but the
clocks have gone back and so I've had an
extra hour this morning so like edit the
vlog and just gets get done need to
call my friends because then it doesn't
fall into my eyes like today will be a
good day so Jason still in bed it's
about nine o'clock for us it's like
10:00 and I'm just doing some editing I
just made a cup of tea in my pan cut
that has no handle
mmm anyway is that even interesting
probably not I always get to format the
card and then I keep filming so I need
to put a video up today I want to put a
star slash outfits video up I've got
some outfits and Jason and I need to go
into town and like film a few more
outfits for the video store it to be too
short so that's the plan and we're also
going to get some bits and bobs for
dinner because we're going over to
Hannah's deaths and also Victorian Alex
gonna be there which I'm sorry it's like
this because it'll be really nice to
just chat and chill and eat and see
Gracie so I haven't seen him so long cuz
he was asleep when we went to there's
lot you know the other day so yeah it
should be a good day I want to reply to
this comment it just seemed like I would
obviously reply usually but there's no
option to reply so with a lot of
comments I don't have that sorry that I
can't reply its YouTube's fault for I
appreciate your comments I'm going out
to shoot this can't talk I'm shooting
this hmmm dress for my lookbook video
and so I should put on some flats and
then I've got all the bits here that
well some bits that I'm going to change
into and Jason's gonna video it for me
and oh I don't know if I said but I went
for a run this morning so I don't have
anything yet
or anything so I'm just flagging a
little
so we're gonna get coffee and a shot and
the first outfit and then we just got
one more to shoot and we just don't find
a good location which is really hard
where we live because it's bloody sucks
Oh should I say that we've definitely
got a place we found out yesterday that
we've definitely got our little flat in
London well to rent a little flat in
London when we're so excited we can't
wait to go so it would be like just in
the New Year it's not me
so yeah it's kind of frustrating so you
want to be there now or because it's all
gone through but you cut away but I
guess we'll have all Christmas and
everything and should be doing them
vlogmas as well so time goes really
quickly when your daily vlogging as well
this is my lunch I've got spinach
gnocchi artichoke and this kind of grain
salad thing
Riley coming Riley
let's go back on the lead the chased
after home some kids with their football
so being a naughty boy but he's still a
puppy so yeah isn't that right oh my god
so just that - I don't know Samson
actually but we survived - Hannah and
Steph's house because we're having a
little dinner date with them Victoria
and her boyfriend Alex and I've been
putting together this little small wheel
I think it's small little smorgasbord of
stuff but you can't really see it I've
already put in the cling film now but it
looks way more impressive in real life
yeah I just thought I'd show you I just
may look like video my main channels of
it checks out how if you have it it's
it's like my usual ones but it's all
shot outdoors kind of on location so I
think it gives it like a more
interesting vibe but it's it looks
better I think so anyway let me know
what you think about it
do you just I don't I don't know what
people thought I meant when I was
talking about like their coffee cup
comment there's a few different reasons
why they comment I mean I had nothing to
do with not wanting to help my man yeah
yeah had nothing to do with our inventor
the Arvind to remove environment the
environmental side of it it's all to do
with that I just can't get my head
around people
judge our lives because it can pick up
our lives and demands certain things
they have no idea about my life either
them or me show on for example coffee
for me is probably my number one comfort
what I mean by that is when I was going
through really bad depression coffee was
like a savior to me so every time I had
a coffee it made me feel a lot better
and for someone to say don't do that I'm
not saying they're not saying don't
drink coffee but you know take away
carbanion for me that's Kona it's just
but it's not it's just the straw that
broke the camel's back yeah
will you get I said we mostly sound gets
so many different comments people saying
oh you don't do this don't do that
and it gets to a point where it is
annoying
so it does get to a point where it gets
very frustrating see we do we appreciate
all the nice comments as well yes don't
let that out shadow organizer on said I
don't even pay attention to the negative
ones except for this one obviously sort
of coffee yeah it's got nothing to do
with me you're wrong or anything like
that it's just so nice close to my heart
anyway I hope it's not detrimental to
Sam's channel so I apologize I mean I
say it's silly the thing is like this in
this whole world of YouTube there's
always things that like things that can
get lost in translation and unless
you're talking to someone one-on-one and
they can reply to you and then you be
like oh no I didn't meet you not I mean
like there's so many things that people
can take wrong when you're doing YouTube
I want to give an example because I
think a lot of girls could relate to
this let's say you go you get your you
go sir you go get your haircut and
you're like oh you've been excited for
ages you spend a lot of money on it and
you come out and someone goes up I
actually preferred the other one
like that change it and you know you
wake up today I have what do you mean
like like it yeah you get daily yeah
you must not burn your confidence and
stuff but
yeah I guess it works both ways anyway
yeah we don't the comments to be all in
a negative place but we basically didn't
mean we don't care about any room oh did
you show the border oh you call me as
you can see so maybe when they unravel a
good good show be really excited it's
quite a spectacle and I have then have
much today because I've been so we've
both been really busy and then by the
time he got home earlier and I was just
editing the lookbook so yeah I hate
driving next to big big big things
haters I will catch you when we're at
all guilty Gracie
yeah
No
if you drive
- slowly you are a hazard to the road
and it pisses mill
that you would not
like it
you really angers me and I'm stuck in
this hell go
No there's a van Fleshman there's
nothing that says life basically
thought I wanted together our two people
the same
they're looking at me and they need to
leave and I need him to go wee-wee
before I go he's just admiring my doing
Frank
Bowie we it's Friday yeah no it's not
it's Monday what I helped and yeah I
just wanted to end this vlog off and um
I know it might not been an old one but
yesterday was such a busy day honestly
and then oh my god it was so nice Adams
death it was so nice to see if it's were
in Alex and to see grace he's so cute
like a hundred times cuter in real life
then on Merv looks and he's cute in that
looks we didn't need to watch their vlog
from that they put up yesterday so that
should be good
I'll link oh well link had our session
on tumblr and Victoria's channel down
below and it was just so nice too
because I didn't see I don't like God's
chat to her properly for ages so it was
such a lovely night like we just ate
lots and drunk mulled wine and stuff my
voice is a bit groggy I feel like I've
got a really bad headache and I didn't
drink not much but I don't know if it's
because it was red wine does I swear red
wine gives you a bit more of a headache
yeah anyway I just need street lights of
water also I've realised that there are
certain things that I need to do for
vocht over a contour before phlox a
braise over I want to make apple crumble
we need to carve our pumpkins and to
feel like there needs to be more scary
films of all
or scariness let's it's hard in the UK
we don't take it as as seriously as kind
of like Americans or Canadians do I wish
we were so I wish British people were as
into Halloween as you guys are because
it sounds amazing over there anyway and
thank you guys for watching this video
thank you guys for your response on my
lookbook video the comments are so nice
and so I should definitely be shooting
them like that a bit more anyway I'll
see you guys tomorrow thank you so much
for watching Mother
