nice it's Friday today and yeah feeling
a lot better than I did at the beginning
of this morning woken up it like it's
not it's not even that early but cuz I'm
so tired like a by a guy delivering our
coffee machine which is like at the time
I was like no but it's actually good so
you got a coffee machine back even
though I think that's still smoke along
with it I've just got ready I thought
I'd just show I will let you know what I
used actually because I did slightly
different makeup I used some flawed
traces perfecting foundation I use this
I really like this Estee Lauder
concealer it's like a two-in-one it's
like a concealer stick and dopher
lighter one anyway
got she's a lipstick for the day I'm
just about to go downstairs gonna get
something to eat some starving I'm
wearing this dress oh I'll show you in
the mirror so while we were looking for
like stuff for our costume Jason
actually saw this dress and I was like
oh I actually really like that dress and
in the mirror you can't really see it
properly but it's this floaty like you
know I really like this neckline it's
that kind of seventies style neckline
slash gorgeous it's a bit like the free
people dress isn't it my red one
and then it also ties at the at the
waist and then I just think it's so nice
it was I think it was about 30 pounds
yeah today I've just been oh just
putting up a blog post that I wanted to
get up yesterday and it will be kind of
chill I'm getting my nails done at 3:00
and then editing and chilling Oh me and
Jason and I might film a tag video
together so that would be really fun if
we do but yeah I'm pretty tired I'm
gonna go and get some food it was so
nice to see everyone at the party
yesterday
I need still look back about footage we
made clean poached eggs and
like salmon and I'm gonna have okay
an avocado for breakfast yeah I feel
like I need something healthy after the
McDonald's and a fiesta I'm not the
poached egg on a sir
oh yeah okay so I'm now gonna just do my
blogpost gonna make me do some editing
quite a chill day today and I should
have an hour until they need to leave to
go and get my nails done to know what
color to get I'm gonna choose them I'm a
I think I might go for either black or
really dark red or nude doesn't make any
sense about so many cool packages come
recently this one is these really cool
like how cool is that as a lipstick
they're awesome they're called
stick cosmetics lipsticks I need to go
through and my open up all the colors
cuz anyway yeah I just think they're so
cool I think they've been featured in
magazines and things before that awesome
and then I'm so excited this morning
because I got these packet I got these
through from Laura Mercier and I still
need to go through an opening which I
want to like you know take a minute sit
down and might appreciate it all but if
I show you the biggest thing well I
didn't even realize it was not Mercier
so when I opened this I was like I
screamed with excitement look oh my god
I've always wanted one of these for
about six years or something I wanted
one of their but body and bath or
anything was even part and I also love
the pistachio scent so this is amber
vanilla body wash honey bath body cream
little perfume how cute so I just had my
nails done
I didn't want to film it I don't want to
look really weird but I got a coffee and
a cross on and I'm not really gonna stay
in town I'm gonna go back home because
I'm so sleepy
what are going to do tonight well we
might go out for dinner or something but
yeah children hey yeah I've been as
usual hidden away in my room like and
how I would say I like what do you like
this the one that I showed you guys
earlier this is in naked and I really
like her
oh so soft I'll link these down there
yeah she's been editing and now I'm just
watching just watching some YouTube
videos and usually every as you guys
probably have figured out every Friday
Jess and I go to cinema but I want to
see suffragette but because it's only
got like 6.2 an IMDB
I don't always go by that but he's a bit
more so like oh and it's not good
good rating so like not too sure about
it and I don't know what kind we're
going to see let me know if you've seen
it and if it's a good film or if it's
not how do you have a feeling there's
not much footage today so if there's not
I will squish it in with tomorrow and
that saw the update there is today sorry
it's firmly boring isn't it okay it's
got so dark I'm just seeing in the dark
you know go downstairs I think
oh also I noticed that the comments
weren't murdered on my Lightman was at
my last video and I mentioned the pill
all the comments literally just talking
about the pill and I was like well I
didn't expect you know it's really good
that those people who have the same sort
of well no I mean it's not good that
they have but if I'm not the only one
that's how does that happen
and yeah so it was helpful like knowing
knowing that but I am aware that people
were trying to like tell me about other
things or like stuff I already know
about contraception though I didn't say
like I don't know anything about other
conception I was just saying that this
one isn't for me either
oh my god I want to watch them other
people's as darkness falls looks Reglan
guys I love this stuff oh my god I think
how I'm included in my favorites video
it's so good when I have this is walk
with almond milk we're going to the gym
this morning I've just eaten their
porridge so feel full now
No isn't it the best ever
I've not seen it no you're a loser you
should see the stomach it seems a pain
but it's probably really old like really
old it sounds mean they may sing about a
fat sound that's it yeah fast times the
man but it's a derogatory term
so just popping into town to get some
food because I'm starving and I'm
feeling a bit rubbish I think it's like
anxiety so I just thought it's better to
come outside and around people it wasn't
for Mom it was really tasty I think so I
asked onto excited you guys having a
question and our last last been flogging
me we've done little Q&A so we haven't
done it yet
in October so so one of the first
questions is does the clothing line
coming Plus Sizes rekha get asked this
question quite a lot the straight answer
is yes so yes we girls like why don't
you do Plus Sizes do they come in plus
sizes what I mean yeah they got to size
20 but often people without why don't
you do plus sorry
yeah I don't that makes us all boys
different things that different yeah
different sizes you know we don't decide
to our current first Rangers of the size
20 I feel is okay to let us know your
opinion on
you think bus ideas but I think I
propose 20 years plus size our next
range one I'm sure go up to that high it
will only go up to size 16 parameter
manufacturing environment we don't want
to go that way always we always wanted
to verify our create a future we're
gonna go up to size 20 but yeah
so we do Thank You peanut I think you
need a coffee person you have to be
quick - a picture Mama's picture of us
but I don't think I can't see
otherwise the last text was me saying
yeah I'll get you if you want it picking
up a loose - what pumpkins are you
carving this year old a dirt bath I
don't know I think I'm just gonna do
really simple
pumpkin face this looks so good
we've got onion rings got a triple
cheeseburger salad and later we've got
Chinese so big food day I just wanted to
read you one of the questions well it's
not really a question it's more I was
just reading through some comments and
this is one like that either down thirds
bugs me the kind of stuff we have to
deal with anyway I really love your
style but could you please try to use
less coffee to-go cups it produces so
much unneeded trash and you even save
money at places like Starbucks when you
bring your own cup love your hair by the
way what's he got
Riley's ripping adios well so a few
people have asked which I'm sure we I'm
sure we went over I'm not sure no I am
sure no hundred percent when the
november night shop will be open and
where is mr. box pot which is in
Shoreditch it's right next to shortage
High Street Station and we will be there
from the 24th of November until the 29th
we will have our current stuff and we
also should hopefully in time have our
new autumn winter collection which will
be exclusively there for a week and then
we'll release it again off sale okay
once I get me focused I shall explain
come on focus it is with my hair like
there's enough much time your she
talking about um tonight is Jason's
dad's birthday birthday slash birthday
night and we're we're going up for a
meal at a Chinese that's right near
London Zoo so that should be really cool
I think I've walked past the Chinese
before it looks amazing I think it's on
the water right so I'm just going to
quickly get ready I've only got
I'll pay and kind of micro hairstyle
video on my main channel so go and check
that out if you like if you don't know
how to get really quick kind of matte
beachy waves
I just put there up but well time you
watch this I should have two videos up
I'm sure where they show oh yeah if you
wondered I'm using my enraptured totem
hair styler I link it down below is so
good I'm using it on two three three
other women right no time for that so if
you can see my makeup but I've just done
a little it doesn't look like anything
by just put eyeshadow at one yeah it
okay my outfit of the night is my dress
from faithful the brand which is kind of
long-sleeved and gorgeous and I've worn
it on my blog so if you wanna see proper
photos it's over on the blog and my hair
you can kind of see bags just from Zara
my coat is Burberry I've had this for
years and I still love it so soft and
then my shoes I'm wearing my gold heels
zop from Zara and that's it I think
I prefer to get home hey guys as you can
see him in bed and oh like I'm waiting I
mean this breakout to disappear it's so
annoying I just wanted to end the vlog
and just say thank you guys for watching
as always the Chinese were so nice and
we're gonna hate so much like I feel
like I'm pregnant with the food yeah
it's been a really good day and evening
and we'll see you guys tomorrow tomorrow
should be a really fun day actually I'll
wait til then to tell you what where
we're going but it's gonna be good I'll
see you guys tomorrow
much love
