morning guys it's Wednesday Wednesday so
I've just realized the date like 21st I
can't
how has flipped over gone that quickly
what what I've been doing with my life
I don't know anyway but um this morning
I wake up quite early I gotta get ready
to go to go out at like 9:00 so I
thought in this bit of time I'll just do
a bit of editing and stuff so it's all I
like I love the some of the exits called
arcs learn the mornings and it's quite
find it really like comforting it's not
like that in every team because the last
vlogs already overdue so that's bad bad
me today I meeting my current manager
Kat and then I'm shooting for my blog
with Michaela say that I'd be good but
it's getting pissing it down all day
today and it's so typical like it hasn't
been raining for a few days and the one
day we decided to shoot I want to shoot
around calmer Gardens I love that area
oh also what I was going to tell you
guys last night is I kind of had a
revelation because this isn't even TMI
and this is just part of life oh I've
got many tears of I tried at the implant
at the contraception then I tried and I
found that it was making me way too
emotional and down and stuff so then I
tried the injection which you have like
every six months or so and then - so I
think it might have been the same reason
I came off of it because I just really
didn't want to do the injection anymore
and then I've been on the pill now for
like maybe almost a year I will get like
really like yesterday I'll get like
really down for like no apparent reason
and just really like sluggish and
nostalgic and just not me it feels like
it's another's dawn be me like a really
moody zombie me and I was just thinking
like I never used to be like that at all
like I fought is there quite a happy
chirpy person and I never usually like
it's just not in my personality ready to
get down on the time and I'm sure it's
the pill so
I'm gonna come off the pill and let me
know if any of you have had like a
similar experience because I was reading
some forums and apparently the doctors
say because it's like depression and you
know just feeling breakdown isn't on the
side effects on the little forming the
info you get with the pill that it's not
a side effect but I think it is so ya
know try something else I guess but yeah
hopefully I won't get down as much now
quick perception update option Hotel in
Holborn which I love it's really cool in
that wait for this film
so had my meeting and it was good and
now I'm standing in the pissing rain oh
just about to meet Mikayla and then
they're gonna shoot yeah we're gonna try
and do it where there's a bit of shelter
but yeah I can't believe the weather I
don't know why I didn't check the
weather forecast I'm high on coffee
that's good okay so we just wrapped our
shoot in the rain to show our shoe
it's pretty relevant and we've been here
before and it's so
huh hey guys just let me just actually
spent such a manic day I can't believe
how rainy it's been today yeah Jason
picked me up from the station and we've
just had a little catch-up me and you
had to sort out some kind of N&K
business with a dress that we have
designed and I trying to get the
sampling right for it and it's quite
tricky so we wanted to bring it out you
know with the rest of the awesome into
collection that we're not sure if we're
going to be able to so it really sucks
it's just part I guess it's it's all a
learning curve for designing and I'm out
of breath and making clothes so it's
about 4 o'clock
we're going to go out for dinner tonight
which should be nice to put more makeup
on I thought that burger was so good
five guys hot sister five pies no I feel
like maybe filming or maybe I'll just
add it and getting done oh I made a cup
of tea and I got it
mm-hmm so yeah I'm so tired I'll catch
up with you guys shortly okay so if you
just set up and like I look like a
Barbie I'm gonna film a video on shyness
and combating shyness basically seven
tips for shyness and it could also work
for confidence as well so i'm not sure
i'll title it but basically it's gonna
be a girl top video and i'm just gonna
give you a few of my kind of personal
tips that have helped me throughout the
years just look kind of beat shyness
because it's such a things and I've
just felt quite I've had a lot of
recently to do a video about shyness so
I'm gonna do dare yeah I need to film
another video for Sunday at some point I
don't even see that but anyway I'm gonna
get filming and I'll catch you guys in a
bit
we've got a predicament because we the
other day we went looking for a costume
for tomorrow night's party Halloween
party and we thought it was all dandy
and we tried it on and it's just
we're looking for a costume but it means
we're gonna have to order it tonight for
delivery tomorrow which is missing yeah
tomorrow morning tomorrow go and find a
costume and obviously it's reback that's
really late notice you know we want now
I know I want anyway yeah we've been
looking and that Star Wars costumes cool
they look there we think that would be
really cool okay this is my little
dinner outfit dinner date I kind of
loosely cut my hair to film and I really
like it like this I just didn't cool my
bag my new wire cell baby
my dress is brandy melville and I've got
on my shiny boots I think them down
below they're really comfy and really
like on trend and my coat is from Zara I
got it in a Zara sale I hate years ago
maybe like a year ago so it's probably
not still available but yeah that's it
oh and I'm wearing Tom Ford noir because
it's bloody amazing and just sums me up
in a perfume also I rearranged my little
kind of area here that's not supposed to
be there here I put all my kind of apart
from this one they're all my more darker
kind of more woody smelling stronger
perfumes and then over here I've put my
more daytime perfumes I don't know if
that's interesting at all well that
shouldn't be there yes I want to start
wearing this small Burberry body
lobster hood oh I got cake with cheddar
pass then it was lovely
yeah it'd be like a lobster lobster
restaurant yellow front
yeah because it squats
yeah yeah that's why we're gonna watch
Star Wars one of the older because we're
gonna be dressing up in the mood and
some blood on us what is he six faster
day yeah like Shrek is he's got an
emotion no no sure sure if we're not big
your belly's getting oh he's not very
comfy look at that big belly stretch to
the sky
well everyone oh thank you guys for
watching and we're just gonna watch Star
Wars now don't get ready for tomorrow
and get in the spirit and yeah that's
about it so we'll catch you guys
tomorrow it should be really fun day
actually cuz we've got to get our
costumes and then go to the gleam
halloween party and everything and then
there should be loads of other people
there and stuff so yeah I'll go get
crook maybe um okay see you guys story
shout a bye again
