hey guys it's Tuesday morning it's about
ten to eleven oh we're going for a
meeting with our accountant now then I
might do some filming or something oh
I've got really shiny I don't know why
I've come to collect I've got a DHL
delivery that I've missed like toys and
I think it's from Romy and Ray all right
for me and the way I think they're a
French brand and I've got a scare of
theirs which I'm so excited to style up
I might wear it tomorrow for when I
shoot because it looks like it's gonna
be gorgeous
so just going to go and pick that up and
then go back home and do more stuff
probably more editing yeah can't wait to
open it I think I weights like at home
oh I got a sauce dolor dolor de Bernays
love delivery slash order coming as well
so yeah so I'm just opening up this
skirt and oh that's so nice Oh wolf the
matter is such a cool shop like people
all this they've got like discover new
designs and that's Ellen that's Jason's
cousin's best friend so cool
yeah that's really cool and then I
really love their totes as well how cute
is that so I'm just gonna I just have to
show you that wrapping because it's
really nice I like the little details
like that so that's open it yeah okay oh
oh my god it's so nice and soft
that would look so nice on oh it's so
nice and it's like a wrap skirt and yep
Romy and Ray got so small and Hall
Italian yarn designed in Paris of
fashionable women so I'm excited this is
gorgeous such a nice winter piece and
then a sauce I got just got three things
so I'll show you guys what I got this
was late last night and it's come
already so that's so good
like not shipping dress
Chloe bag just kidding it's not such a
good Chloe
looking bag these these thigh high boots
low heel I just thought the color of
these were so nice and it's like
slightly different from the black one so
you can wear them with them I don't know
I mean you can wear these with black and
then your outfit won't look as you know
a dull so and they go really nicely with
color so yeah really inexpensive as well
so yeah I'll link these bits down below
I had way to show it but I got this
suede dress which will look a lot nicer
and I think I'm the greatest of me so
either like just don't look for hours
until I felt better or just don't know I
like let you guys know dog hair
everywhere
and yeah just feeling a bit down gonna
say no um I get like this sometimes and
it's almost more annoying because there
won't be like one reason for why I'm
feeling down little pretty it would be
like something small that's kind of
sparked it and then everything kind of
gets me more down like a snowball effect
I'm not gonna pretend to be all like
giggly and stuff when I'm not when I'm
not in happy need oh also Franklin just
chewed up my new slippers that I showed
you guys was it yesterday
they passed today I really liked them
they were so warm he's there I tweeted
about like my mood and stuff and grace
tweeted me she's so sweet
she's like hey what did she say at first
like if she's feeling the same I think
and then she was like look just put on
pajamas and just relax and I probably
should I've got a um I've got a link
Grace's channel down below by the way
I'm sure you know her already
yeah I've been loving Grace's Grace's
kotoba and dashes Franklin but yeah I've
got like a cool 5 p.m. which I always
get really kind of nervous phone calls
anyway because I just hate talking on
the phone in general so I'm feeling
quite anxious for that as well so it's
like anxious with spinning down but it
should be fine hey guys I'm so sorry
because I know this this vlog is going
to be a mean moni moni bitch flock like
I know a lot of you very like what do
you have to complain about in life but I
just I don't know whatever situation you
in your life like you can still feel a
bit shit oh also like I I said like over
the last two years or so I've definitely
had kind of food problem
but as in like I I put way too much
thought into food
I don't go like really into detail but
like so also now now I mean I'm I'm
better now than I was about he remember
when I'm feeling down like because I
used to probably eat it was to cheer
myself up which does kind of work but
now it's like I don't I'll be down and
I'll be hungry but I won't eat but then
that also makes me upset because I look
up but I want to eat and it's really I
want to eat like tons of chocolate and
stuff but then I know that I've already
shit afterwards
sorry I'm so that's like such a
frustration but I kept my phone call now
and that's out the way so that's good
I think I'm gonna take everyone's advice
on Twitter you guys are so sick on
Twitter like well no and I don't I never
tweet that I'm feeling down to just get
sympathy it's just I you know sometimes
it's like a therapeutic to tweet or to
Instagram your feelings it's just
venting a little bit anyway and people
would like go don't get in your pajamas
and eat chocolate and stuff so I'm gonna
try and do that but Jason's playing on
the Xbox downstairs okay I could
probably like interrupt him I'd be like
I wanna watch inception I really feel
like watching that I felt like what I
feel like I wish I had like a pop up mum
something like press the button in like
if you like mom all this stuff is like
giving me down you're like ok bye thanks
I'll show you guys my job you guys have
seen this chest before but i'll show you
in case you haven't seen it because it's
one of my favorite dresses I'm wearing
this on top there let me take this off
this is like one of my favorite channel
I had this jumper from Topshop for like
like two years or something I love it so
it's this shirt dress from ASOS and I
loved it when I got my cozy socks on
because Franklin ate my slippers that
bastard okay I'm gonna go downstairs
it's about 6 o'clock so this sauce out
dinner shall we okay
they'll say sexual but this is now my
outfit where is this from
oh this is an American Apparel actually
and then these I love these they're so
comfy they're just from ASOS yeah and
math sucks
oh so for dinner I'm making Brussels
sprouts I really like Brussels sprouts I
know people a lot people don't like them
but it's so tasty I just put them in the
oven with some olive oil salt pepper and
oregano and then I'm going to have I
think the rest of the chicken from last
night and maybe some random bits and
bobs like we've got a bit of avocado
left one of those round and dinners I
think this is mad dinner I put a bit of
stretch on the side roast chicken raised
bed have a car day we don't have any
milk normal milk so I'm gonna make an
almond milk hot chocolate which it's
good because it's healthier anyway but
it doesn't it doesn't really have the
same niceness a natural one does but
anyway
I'd feel me doing it so first I measure
out about a cups worth of milk so that I
don't make too much or not enough and
then I put it I'm sure you guys know how
to make it so I'll just do this quickly
but okay heats up the milk but not so it
starts boiling and then I like these two
I like the Clipper one and love the
galaxy one I've also got just some cacao
powder
so I'm also gonna add Nutella it looks
like scared and hard in the hot
chocolate
so let's drink the hot chocolate not
have chucked it's getting so hot it's
steaming up my camera
god it's quite hot but I want to do a
little first reaction not too bad
