morning it's Monday but oh my god last
night I I woke up at like 3:00 in the
morning and I couldn't sleep and I was
just laying there for a just like about
two hours or so and then I like tried to
just start reading my kindle to get me
to sleep oh no it didn't work at first
so I feel like I was up for like two
hours in the night so I've just woken up
feeling really kind of drained and like
a zombie but because we had pizza last
night I really want to go to the gym I
just you know just to kind of it makes
me feel a bit more sane when I come to
balance like bad food and exercise and
stuff so we are gonna go to the gym I
don't know how much more do can we just
try and do some cardio and like maybe
some stretching and then we're doing
like sorting out the house and stuff
today some rubbish better than usual but
is it have you got anything else planned
for today
maybe some better words got some any
case stuff to do
so this is my dressing room kind of by
the way I don't really vlog in here much
it's usually messy but this is this is
what I'm just tucked on to go out and
like run some errands my top is from
Urban Outfitters Asus jeans she's a
sauce I'll link those down below coats
from Zara I'm getting my first pumpkin
spice latte of the year
we're on a pumpkin hunt I'm pretty sure
home they still have pumpkins and so
doesn't hurt them but home base of
everything
can you open the door please thank you
I've got four hands full as in I have no
capacity to open the door what well I'm
not very good at this stuff I'm trying
I'm so not impressed with this pumpkin
spice latte these things make me very
angry in life it's it smells no it
tastes like it's burn it's not just not
nice and then I can't your father took
you up and I mean I I'm just I'm just
tired I just wanted a nice drink oh my
god that is cool this is why I tried
before that's a weird shape though so
going out to em grab coffees attended to
a full-on full-blown pumpkin hunt our
base didn't deliver yeah they were just
like no but rest assured we will
there's only gonna be found some pumpkin
oh my god how strange
yeah mana days oh this is good this is
good pumpkin hunting oh my god that's so
ok in relation to my hands look it's so
big ok these are our babies Wow
so we just introduced Franklin to hug it
must be his first pumpkin exciting gonna
look like a boy do I look a boy oh by
the way I do like my top it's like one
of my favorite oh yeah I like just
Chuck's Ellen it's not away favorite
tops I hope you can read it boobies like
the reason that we haven't looked much
today is because we went to gym as you
guys saw I mean mommy got home we've
sorted out one of our rooms and got rid
like Chuck's loads of boxes in there and
put them in the Skip and stuff and that
took like an hour and a half and then
what have we do we went out to get yeah
let me went out so that's when you guys
saw us in the car and then since we got
back I think were just been editing and
I'm so sleepy today so yeah yes that's
it really for dinner we're gonna have
what we were going to have yesterday
before we decided to get pizza so we
we've got a chicken in the oven and
we're also gonna have some like roast
veg with it and I'll probably have some
probably have some like lentils or
something with it so I'm going to take
out the oven and baste it baste spaced a
little so I'm doing another blog post so
the time you guys see this it should be
up ah I don't know yet do you want to
okay so it's not Steve look miss I'm
sure you bet you guys want us to do blog
listen okay this is how it's looking so
no okay I've just added a few herbs and
stuff to it and I'm just going to pop it
back into the oven for an hour and then
we've got dinner we're missing some
white chocolate I don't know where
that's gone that's so weird
also I got this insane sweetie other day
because I thought cream free a let me
know if you've tried it and if it's nice
my life is so exciting okay we got some
Mediterranean veg that's been in for 20
minutes and then
ok it's done it's too big this spirit I
don't think it's mister offstage that's
it jury
yeah I know but what are we gonna do
yeah I got I think it's sweet and sweet
potato mash stuffing chicken bitch night
boys so I made some mint tea because I
always get cravings late at night okay
mint teas are we good ways to kind of
get a little bit of sweetness in but
also it's good for your digestion what's
that it's good for digestion and it's
really comforting so yeah we were just
watching back and of look how long ago
is that now like a year or two ago maybe
all right anyway it was so funny to like
to see ourselves back then and like the
little jokes in the flux and stuff so I
was thinking that maybe we should do
like a vlog reaction video like just as
part of October it was so funny but yeah
just ending today's vlog and thank you
for watching like a state tomorrow is
kind of another work day we've got a
meeting and yes anyway I'll try to make
it interesting as always and I'm gonna
go back to redo my Kindle at the moment
I'm reading the dark dark wood wait let
me double check um in a dark dark wood
which I thought it is I thought it's
hard to read bad at first but it's
actually really good anyway
we'll see you guys tomorrow
