morning morning it's Sunday actually no
it's not morning it's 10 past 12:00
midday oh my god so this morning I woke
up and just started editing really
because my lips that way I want to get I
needed to get my main channel video up
and then also I wanted to get the last
vlog last October up and just taken that
long so Jason is just getting ready now
so cold in his house
I'm wearing this jumper dress from a
source which is perfect for what we do
chillin am I gonna go I'm so sleepy
today we were gonna it's like stores out
empty boxes and stuff in the house and
put them into the Skip and stuff today
so I don't know if we're still doing
that but we're going get coffee
I was editing yesterday's look with me
like I was it sounds like I was drunk
when I was complaining about milkshakes
I wasn't I hadn't had anything I just
really like a hyper I think and like
excited to get hot chocolate I was gonna
going I was going to get them from
Starbucks and I'm just so funny like how
angry I got a milkshake and not the
blurriness oh man I love Frank his
little back feet one eat when he's
laying down he sticks them out is so
cute okay we're just in TK Maxx look we
have red-nosed because it's really cold
I'm looking I need some sauce okay
stock situation it's getting bad look so
these these socks are getting me ready
it's like for Christmas I think I'll get
these though thank you so let's show you
my outfit today oh yeah I showed you my
jumper dress scarf is from Urban
Outfitters Bagas All Saints boots are
all things about Chinese is it a French
or a Bulldog Bulldog Bulldog slippers
and I found four in Sainsbury's me
wanted to go yeah but they're all gone
so we're just getting some food for
tonight yeah I'm ravenous
so I'm just we just got back from
Sainsbury's I just saw a bit of this
Rodgers made a really what makeshift
salad and I'm trying some butternut
squash with onion garlic and Oregon Oh
when it cooks ugly so we just had lunch
and I wanted to show you guys this we
got for Riley because it's Halloween
coming soon though he needs costume and
we got in a little lion outfit yeah I
think it's alive there looks a little
bit like a fox pretty like this
oh really
oh my god you look nice don't take it
off you he's so gorgeous
this is the best Franklin's gotten his
shots to Franklin this shark costume was
custom-made for Franklin so it fits him
perfectly
so he bought some bits from TK Maxx I'm
so excited about slippers we showed you
guys these ones but they're so nice
they're like pimp slippers and then I
got these I thought they were so cute
they make me feel like I live in a
little farm how like cottage in the word
or something but they're so soft you
then I got these Laura Ashley socks
people are we watching the mission Lux
of course crazy so cute
we just got Apple TV not long ago so
they're gonna the first time actually
we've watched YouTube video and no maybe
not but it's first time I've watched
YouTube video on there so we're gonna
watch the mr. Lux really big I wish him
every Sunday slap my favorite thing to
do now oh she won't bear me a child
Oh every time every time every time we
watch I'm like so it makes me freeze I'm
just so broody I can't I just can't deal
with it these two aren't enough now
you're at tech my said be a child no
just provide me with one a real one
I'll update you on a program
good luck game on that problem where'd
that come from
anyway I don't want to get into the bow
think why no I'm gonna end this bit of
luck so I want to continue watching the
program yeah I wanna change also I just
know step is wearing our shirt which is
not on set anymore cuz it sold out but
it's really nice to see people wearing
our clothes so it's just me if you're
watching hello we're gonna get pizza
tonight who went to Sainsbury's as you
guys saw and and we were like yeah let's
get really healthy dinner and get
chicken and we got a little bit stuff
and then I was like I have no willpower
with it yeah I know it looks like shall
we and like this being probably like
healthier than I am at the moment he was
like yeah oh my god mmm pizza and X
Factor I don't want Pete I feel like
getting really comforting Pete so
usually I get the thin base I think I'll
just go all out yeah and chicken wings
no he's been acting weird recently I
feel like he's getting angrier like look
I bet you what I do this he'll get the
humble watch when I try and do it gets
poorer a Roy dancing session oh I like
to boogie
we like to bill get do in the robot did
thank me the Sanson
Yesi I want to do this thing the salmon
I do sometimes I don't like it it's like
a I don't know it is some nose blow so
nose blow yeah and she won't let me do
it but I said if I record it then it
will make her do it because although I
show it like a lady Marco so the idea is
that I blow up one nostril and he comes
out the other one she doesn't like if I
think it's wicked I'll read it put it in
this your notes they can hear the air
come out my nose gets blocked proper
anger and I have to I try again hello
thank you
says make thanks let us know your
favorite and extras so far if you watch
it
mmm yes hey guys I've got oh good that
looks like bogie it's not very gay I've
got this short crime mask on
it's so nice it's my first time trying
it it's D top the detox clay mask with
rosemary and honey and it smells so nice
and it feels nice and it's like I can
still move my face with it on it doesn't
go dry and crackly yes we're just gonna
go to bed pretty much tonight you guys
so much for watching and we will see you
bright and early tomorrow
bye guys right
