station and just sucks him
it's a loan
this is my view
look how big this cappuccino is in
reference to my phone and my phone is
big a lot of Haleakala I got the match
and chia seed yogurt which looks so cute
rotten flooded watered as my mom would
say and on my way to rest at Nana
my train is
as
Sonny lost trade tower on the hill then
I need to get a chain to my slip there's
no change at the moment I don't know why
I hate ya I'm excited for Halloween so
the heavies of State is crowned coach oh
yeah there you go
and it's Russian hair so I'm so excited
a different type of hair
the station al and I'm already back and
it was so nice being at Jana today it
was really kind of chilled and was
chatting so I'm worried I'm just wearing
this hat city wall no I don't like the
hairstyle or something
I'm so excited to show it to you guys
probably
like what friend
show it to me
we might go to jail we might just chill
maybe I do a bit of yoga so feel like
corner do something kind of active
because we're going to go to the cinema
and go and see the LUP stuff really just
grab coffee to keep it going
so now if you wondered what I'm wearing
or just wearing my nude New Balances
with ASUS jeans and my jumper is
American Apparel beanie is coming soon
at November night it feels so weird to
show you guys my hair it's not all work
okay I feel like if it's so straight and
it's just been done it does it could you
know people might think it's a wig or
something but it's not it's a full head
weave and it was done by Nana at Yanis
hair sanctuary I haven't the hair or I
showed you guys the hair earlier it's
Russian hair and I've just because I
just went oh my god it feels so good
have a friend it's about this long I
think it's 18 inches I just gave that
ends a slight curl inward so it doesn't
look too dead straight but yeah look I
look like a different person
oh don't say no huh
he said I look like Taylor Swift
she's cool but I don't like I don't want
to look like her oh we need to go in it
enough okay we're gonna be late to the
cinema now because of this one come on
okay right we're gonna see the lobster
yeah before I go I have to talk about
this cookie has anyone tried it from the
from this place if this big I think she
called it like a Manhattan cookie it's a
good shot there chocolate chip cookies
so good oh my god
that's so great
hey guys is Saturday will do at 16
we're not gonna be the time yeah
filtering weights floated this new hair
I put like texturizer spray in so no
it's not going to dry already
it's just sprayed it we're on our way to
West London yes yeah they're going dear
we're going to go into your property
because we're going to be moving in well
it might be earlier but we're gonna be
moving definitely February so we need to
start looking now because it's quite a
bit of a rubbish period to move in over
like near Christmas and stuff so yeah
we're really excited and we hope that we
like it obviously going get coffee first
late yeah
even if we like 10-15 minutes I should
be course are perfect you milking today
so we're at the ELCA now an inmate well
we went to see the place we really like
that I do it's a really nice location as
well and yeah if you also need to be
like if you watch those runs from like
what wait another like a year or two ago
I used to come here quite a lot so
just took some shots on my blog and we
found this really cute street how pretty
so quite and pretty and it's got all
these colorful doors and staff and like
vine leaves I'm gonna be like so fidgety
my fringe for about a week I think yeah
we're gonna head home now or gonna spend
some time with the dogs
right hey guys I don't remember when I
last updated but um I've been going for
a little while now I've been doing
housework and epigenome what's the dog
so it looks slightly out of breath still
and tonight I wish I forgot to say
actually I'm gonna go and see crimson
peak with my mom and my sister and I'm
really excited because I don't get to
see them as much sigh you know as I used
to do or sea monster when he's live with
them and yes it would be really nice
because one of our favorite things to do
together really is to watch scary films
so yeah I'm excited to see it and I
didn't actually give you a little like
my thoughts on the lobster last night I
really like how it began and I really
thought : power was really good in there
I really like him usually as well and
but I didn't really like the end I don't
know I got kind of it's just got a bit
like bland towards the end like I the
story of it kind of got on my nerves a
bit I don't know it just met I left the
cinema is she feeling ready down which
is so rare because like I'm not if it
was quite funny it's a very humorous
film it's not calm I wouldn't say it's a
comedy but I say it's got humor and is
really quirky if you like Wes Anderson
but a bit darker than where Soundsystem
then you'd probably like it but I mean
yeah it was a good film but it didn't
leave I didn't leave the cinema like oh
now I feel good I was like so and it
wasn't like an enjoyable film to watch
so that's why I'm really excited for
tonight because I think crimson peak
I've been wanting to see it for months
as well like I saw the trailer ages ago
and since I saw the first trailer so I
talked about films so much don't I but I
obviously love films yes since I saw the
trailer ages ago and won't see it it's
got just the catch a stain in it so yeah
and I also loved the myth the main
character girl car and her name and yeah
should be good I'll get home like 9 10
ish and probably be quite tired so you
maybe not tons of
tonight but yeah it's been all it's been
like quite a busy Saturday Saturday
tomorrow we're just sorting out how
stuff like Chucky in the boxes and stuff
and probably just chilling and I don't
know what's gonna happen tomorrow but
since I I feel like yesterday's look
wasn't very good so I think what I've I
haven't done it yet but I think what I'm
going to do is obviously put Friday into
Saturday so I was thinking I'll put
these two debts so much like I'm so not
used to it yet oh this is this is my
whole head by the way for people who
would be like why would you show us the
whole head this is the whole head but
like okay so a part of me obviously I
don't know I don't know if it's just me
I don't know if some of you have thought
it but it got at the moment I feel like
it looks a little bit like a wig
actually I think I've said that already
but I think it's just because their hair
is brand-new it's very shiny still and I
kind of it hasn't worn in yet so it
looks like extra Barbie doll like but
and I also might thin up the friend a
little bit more but I love it I really
like it overall it's really fun to have
a fringe and have a different hairstyle
oh my god do you guys have been so nice
on my Instagram thank you so much for
being so nice and on Twitter I'm like
Zoey tweeted and saying that my hair
like night like so many so many
youtubers tweeted me and it was just so
sweet yeah cuz I was like I'm not no I'm
not I'm not sure but it's such a big
change anyway I'm gonna go oh my god
I've been talking for four minutes so
I'm gonna now do some editing I was just
watching Alex from HOH collections last
vlog because I love her and then I'm
gonna go and meet my mom and daddy at
similar yeah hey galaxy chocolate that
obviously doesn't look like a lot but
I've eaten some already wine and editing
photos my below this pose should be up
by the time this video is up
so I'm on my way does his cinema to see
my mother my I mean Danny's not coming
now so she's not feeling very well so
yeah just me and my mum
I'm so hungry you know I really want to
I'm you know it's like ah I wish every
cinema like safety dinner and stuff
that'll be so good like I've been to the
one in Bayswater where they bring you
dinner why you watch the film is so good
I guess I see a hot dog or something
have a drink drink drinks but just like
review of the filthy
 yeah everybody sorry
that's you
amazing
I got a banana and butterscotch
milkshake but I don't like cream
I don't like cream like this
okay I'm gonna go back home and oh my
god my milkshake was freakin disgusting
it's so disgusting
sorry what was that okay so I just I
hate getting really like disappointed
hook yourself up and you're like oh yeah
having a milkshake for ages and you
finally get that milkshake and it's
so I'm gonna go and get sorry I'm Larry
sorry I'm like drunk I feel like I'm
honestly more I didn't even drink the
milk shake we're gonna get hot
chocolates because that also the night
so it's nighttime now we're about to go
to bed I think Sam's just brushing her
teeth yeah it's been a really good day
we we went to see a property that we're
gonna hopefully be moving into in
January or February so we're really
excited to be back in London so yeah yes
I stuck here yep that's all from me I
will see you tomorrow
