bye boys blown away to keep her going
first
I enjoy them to go to old Street this
morning and we've got a meeting at look
day I'm gonna go for us to go and get
breakfast so I wake up this morning went
for a run yeah it's really cold
so I'm just I've just come to have a
look at my book that it's like I'm
feeling brimming I'm gonna see what's in
it so he just had our meats it went
really well
oh I got some letters from my in my
peers box as well so I'm so excited to
read through them I'm not reading your
personal letters and I love handwritten
things like I'm a normal person
so in Campton
no we weren't planning to come to
actually but so there's a Halloween
party next week and we need to get our
outfits I've kind of decided if what we
different get away because it will be
will be really fun so how does a good
place to come to get some funky stuff
basically
we just have days we've we come into
this fancy dress shop in Camden because
it's really good if you're looking for
something Halloweeny
dressy a fee is for like everything
every kind of style of thing or pirates
I love dressing as pirate
since here anything and since I got home
I've lit sheet or we took the dogs out
and then I've just been working since we
got in really I just sat down put a
jumper on I've been editing my video
I've been trying to get out tonight it's
so annoying because just one of those
times where like it FS up because I did
the whole video and like putting
somebody good music and then when after
I put it what we're not about to put it
live it was like third party matched
content is that the right way around
anyway I can't use music so I've had to
re-edit it and put it up and it's like
twenty past seven and on it to be too
late to upload and it's just like so
stressful and then I haven't edited
yesterday's vlog so I'm like ah it's by
the time I get everything done it's
gonna be like the end of the night and
then I can't edit tomorrow morning cuz
I'm oh maybe I can actually but I'm out
again tomorrow in the morning
ah so it's all like a bit of a crazy
evening Jason's making some dinner at
the moment which is so nice so nice to
have someone to make it for you
sometimes and I think we're having like
fawns and rice and that is that I'm just
gonna try and be upload and I don't know
if we're gonna I don't know if I'll be
vlogging much more tonight since I'm
just going to be working as far as I
know but I might you know decide to just
take an hour out and like watch telly or
something I don't know that yeah it's
been a really good day actually and it's
fun like planning what we're gonna go to
the Halloween party house and stuff I
love Halloween so much so that was
really fun to go to that shop and so
yeah that's it for now
garlic's burning a little bit I mean
sorry young you yeah good so what's
going on John are you Franco if anyone
didn't know onions are quite poisonous
for dogs so make sure no dogs who drop
the onion right I'm gonna go so just
finish cooking a really weird dinner
this rice with bacon prawns in a bit of
salmon and parsley
with garlic and onion it's all we had in
the kitchen so first together I have no
idea what its gonna taste like but just
finish dinner what's the verdict
it's like Riley
and so ty don't like nine o'clock and
I've just finished doing everything and
yeah we have today's vlog to edit
tomorrow morning
Lutz try and do that before I go to the
hairdresser somehow yeah okay I just
realized I haven't ended today's vlog so
sorry the endings benefit um so no a bit
different to the whole day because the
day was really good and us we were quite
energetic yeah I'm just so tired so I'll
see you guys tomorrow I'm gonna get my
hair done to my I'm so excited good way
hey I don't like my hair at the moment
is looking a bit rough I should have got
it done a while ago but yes I can't wait
I'm gonna go to Yanis hair sanctuary and
yeah changing up the style as well so it
should be really exciting okay see you
guys tomorrow thank you for watching
