morning everyone it's the night and I
put some makeup on it's been a long
morning she got up at quarter to seven
she's obsessed with the lemon ice smudge
how are you today she seems a little bit
better she still got a cough she gets
excited when she can see Franklin
outside love that can you guys see him
indeed Lucky's Franklin yeah yeah today
we're headed to print cross because
we've got loads of Christmas shopping to
do still well on our way we just stopped
to put some air into the tires and to
get some petrol diesel mate eating some
crisps yeah it's not actually that much
to update we're actually shooting
ourselves because it might be so packed
in there there's like we never usually
go we're never usually go to shopping
centres on Saturdays and it's obviously
December so it's gonna be even more
crazy but where we've just got a pack
we've got a pound if it's crazy
we'll just leave we looked around an
individual she's holding this she wants
to plucked it out of one of these hindi
you want snapping paper we found this
jacket that's not your baby on the back
thank you you show the back oh my god
even the baby entertained in Zara
hey guys it's actually the next morning
but I realized that I didn't actually
get that much footage yesterday and I
hate commending it - I know some of you
said the last videos ended abruptly yes
one minute
but yeah usually I don't like them to
end too abrupt seer brain cross was
manic but it was good like we did get a
few bits done but you know it was just
you know you can imagine what it's like
in shopping center on a Saturday it
wasn't very vlogger ball because we were
just like rushing around trying to do
everything they were queues everywhere
but yeah like it was successful yeah I
just gave indie dinner and then I'll
just do my laptop in the evening I don't
know if you guys can see but it's
snowing outside
it's snowing today and it's the first
time that indie scene snow if this will
make any sense but this look this is
really over yesterday today's footage is
gonna be up on my main channel but I
think next Sunday so in a week but for
tomorrow's FluMist I'm thinking to do a
Q&A video
she's obsessed with Ramona why didn't I
just put my hood up
that would've helped how much cuter does
that look I have just started getting
into podcasts I know I'm so late I've
listened to some of estees the hot sweat
podcast and I really really liked hers
cuz I was like really like yesterday
anyway so listening to her talk about
things is great but I never kind of got
into into them I was just randomly maybe
get into one or two anyway so I tweeted
asking for what ones you guys like and
so I've got a few like ready to go I
started I've started listening to cereal
and it is exactly what I like so thank
you guys so much for your recommendation
bless you and I use the pod cut I used
the sorry that I had the casts so I just
like this isn't an act by the way but
look I just can't receive but I like how
it just lays them out for you
I've got cool your girlfriend stuff you
should know my dad wrote a porno serious
case file and let me know if you guys
have any other favorites that you think
I should know about
I love like true crime creepy stuff I
love listening to kind of girls chat
about anything why is the light thing so
wait do you guys like her stocking so
this is indeed stocking but isn't it
funny like it has some balls but why
does it have gonna get bigger are you
cheap from us say no if you promise I
know you'd do that because you're
wasting and also it'd be really helpful
to know if you guys think it but it's
worth me uploading a main tale video
before just before Christmas or just
after Christmas um I'm feeling like just
after Christmas would probably be better
and so I'm trying to plan out my content
and I think that's everything for now I
think the next video is gonna be a Q&A
so if you also have any questions for us
and leave them down below in this video
so maybe in the comment just put QA just
for Q&A semicolon that's not the right
one and then who your question should
see you guys tomorrow thank you for
watching Hindi say bye bye bye bye yeah
alright bye guys
