good morning it's Wednesday it is day 14
why do I sing what day it is so I
literally have woken up and then started
filming a video which will be up
probably this week I'm not sure Thursday
or Sunday but anyway it will be up soon
it's like a quick
get ready wool quick kind of morning
routine and I feel like I should film
another video because I'm kind of whoa
because I'm like you know in the mood to
film and I've got all my equipment out
and stuff so yeah today I probably will
probably be like a filming kind of day
and maybe editing and stuff and we're
getting a skip trying because we have so
many boxes in the house from like
deliveries and from when we moved last
that we're gonna get a skip sorry and
like put all the crap in a house in it
and I can't wait to get rid of all the
shit so yeah so I've got to stay in this
morning to wait for them to come with a
skip Jason is going to the gym I'm given
the gym a mess today because like my
legs are really aching and I haven't
really taken a good rest day for a while
um so yeah I'm Tilly we're trying to
kind of eat healthily and not go so he's
gone out to go and grab coffees and I
asked for a croissant but I think that
our croissant so I'm very upset about it
and yeah so got one video down probably
will film another one I'm not short to
film though so I'm just gonna have a lil
think today it's just a work day really
try make it interesting I love this just
so much done if you I mean I showed it
well I didn't show properly did I let me
because it is the most amazing dress
like the mirror doesn't do it justice oh
that's a bit better so it's this deep
red flowy
kind of boho style dress it reminded I
really I went for this on the website
because it reminded me of
I think it's Dolce & Gabbana who at
Fashion Week did this kind of these dark
red floral dresses and pieces and I
thought it looked amazing
and I feel so like pretty and feminine
in it
socks on but I like it so much I think
it down below if you're interested it's
also really flattering because you know
it doesn't show like lumps and bumps and
stuff and I allow that submerge that's
my dress obsession
oh also ah I posted these on my
Instagram and Twitter because I love
these I use just I used to call it Quay
and then I realized that it's pronounced
key an Australian sunglasses brand and
they sell them in Topshop so I got these
from Topshop the other day
I've also got some other key sunglasses
as well that I really love but aren't
these amazing like I think I'll start a
key collection because I love them so
much like I feel like I look like a 60
space bug love but also I just fit I
just love their really cool yeah I just
don't feel the video ok I'm done for
filming for the day yeah I'm quite
excited about these two videos yeah but
I think next week we'll be back to doing
a bit more kind of fashion II videos but
it's really nice to switch it up
sometimes it's so weird because like I'm
sitting so I've got oh I love this
bigger light by the way it's like a new
softbox I've got AC use too and then now
this one just is amazing but it makes me
look cool yellow weird but the other
camera doesn't so odd I'm gonna finish
this coffee and probably make some food
I have to edit yesterday's vlog get back
uploads probably start editing clinic to
get this the video from stay up tomorrow
and we're out tomorrow if you wondered
I'm wearing Charlotte Tilbury
a lip liner which I'm gonna go why isn't
it focusing I'm gonna go and grab the
lip line and out so I've forgotten the
name of it but Charlotte Tilbury
Glastonbury lipstick I really love it I
start on Zoe ages ago and I've been
wanting to try it out since and the lip
liner is very naughty yes the skip just
came there's like boy what is wrong with
builders like see like it's if any of
you have builders and a lovely I
probably said that I feel like I've said
this before and that's great but most
builders like there's builders opposite
the road right they've been there
literally literally since we've moved
here which was in February and they're
always working on the house obsess and
like so the guy was like dropping the
skip skip down and like they were
builders in the car opposite the house
and they were just looking at me and
laughing like laughing their ass off
not just like yes and they just stay
like when everyone step out the Hat and
it's not even always like a pervy
sometimes it's a pervy stair their pervy
sometimes that may just stare at you
because they just stir in their sight
yes and what you can't like build around
something I'm probably lovely but like
everywhere in London you can't go
anywhere without being yelled at or
whistled at and it's like ah it's just
so annoying like it doesn't it never
happens to like women have enough self
like we can we can hold in our sexual
needs enough to not yell and whistle at
men so why can't men do the same to
women like just because we're women
you're like oh oh like what do you think
like what do you think it's gonna happen
yeah you just like it more attention for
yourself that will look at you and look
away that's all that's gonna happen
I just they make me really angry okay
build a run over watch some YouTube
videos while I make some eggs
I like pinning spring onion in my eggs
sometimes so yeah I'm gonna make
scrambled eggs
smoked salmon that is I think watercress
and spinach and yeah just making the
food and then I've got loads of
housework to do a quarter Hoover I've
got to do the dishes so yeah nothing why
does he keep going off my face stop
there kick right probably catch up with
you after I've done housework and stuff
not the best dressed to do housework and
look at these sleeves yeah
I'm watching Hannah Hannah Witton
I really liked her video they're really
interesting she's funny turns out turned
out as an omelet but that's all good
I've just done the hoovering the dishes
and what else I think that's it now
I'm rewarding myself self where the bite
of muffin come up in a legend it's about
half three and I'm just about to start
editing yesterday's look and my next
video to put up but I'm already sewn up
today because we've been like shocking
so much rubbish out the house because
like I said Bo buds of boxes and stuff
I'm really tired I feel a bit sick as
well but I've got so much that I need to
get done this tomorrow I'm gonna be a
busy day so I better start the start and
a tune also while I've been waiting for
like and also two more soz some bits
from 24 came stay in the post I got this
lipstick I'm so happy tough because I
was buying this on their website but I
didn't know whether the shade would look
good on me or not and then they sent
they've sent it like luckily so it's the
shade first time and it's this lovely
wink light girly pink it's really nice I
like reminds me a little bit of kind of
sexy from Mac and then also I've got
this eyeshadow in oh it doesn't have a
name but yeah it's like a dark blue and
it's quite a cool color
I'm just looking on through my emails
and I've got this email from the
jewelry's by Anna and Nina it's
Scandinavian brand but how gorgeous is
this move look book for jewellery right
look at those photos they're bloody
gorgeous I'll link the website down
below just cuz I really appreciate like
the jewellery in the
no the lookbook you know it's gorgeous
oh my god I want a pitch like that I
cleaned up today and I put that we've
got a little dog bed that was in the
corner and I put it there and then
because it's new that you both climbed
into it sorry do you single lady ever
just dropping in another okay slowly
kind of renew your party trick
finished are the same for the dykes I
just you know you know when your brain
starts shutting down slowly
there won't be coriander in it so we we
weren't short stupid X we don't have
tons of stuff the fridge is always right
he despotic
so we decided to get Thai takeaway yeah
and we didn't get to watch mr. Holmes
last night in the end so we're gonna
watch it tonight and just eat and watch
and chill and I've got a little glass of
wine if it's available legally okay have
you chosen everything well we got a
mommy
type from I know right I worked a my
mind off of whatever she's doing how
spicy is red how spicy is red curry like
I don't know I don't know if it's like a
pansy spicy or if it's like watch out
cuz it is definitely spicy spicy and
we're in England so you know people
don't do spice
I just want to order the food if we had
ordered when I was ready to order it
would be here in had 10 minutes but we
haven't even ordered yet because she
doesn't understand the Spanish no wait
whose place level is that it could be
anyone just pick one of them do I get
tiger prawn or B but beef is harder to
digest so it would take longer to digest
picks up date oh please they'll go green
Oh go green okay oh shit
excuse me Riley all right where we got
to save yourself for now you're on
camera yeah Franklin is having a little
curtain adventure found his way through
Frank Franklin Franklin Oh
our food has arrived if you are
connoisseur of Thai food that way what's
good to get next time oh my god be
careful okay so I got green curry
edamame I dunno what this is but it's
like dumplings what's in those dump I
know no prawn crackers crispy duck
prawns and porn rice so we can watch mr.
Holmes in the end think don't we
couldn't get it or something but we're
watching through it's so dark right
we're watching cartel land which is a
documentary but it is shot so well it
it's like a film it's really interesting
we're just about to go to bed I just
wanted to share something with you guys
because I just saw it this evening and
it's kind of exciting so bill water
having this I thought to call it
competition contest a billboard social
stars and I'm a part of it which is also
I didn't I didn't know anything about it
they just tweeted this slight problem
I'm up against
bethany mota it's like yelled on youtube
but that's cool and like there's really
good as amazing youtubers on
like that's I'm really kind of honored
to be on there but I've kind of got a
very very slim chance in fiery hell of
winning that anyway if you want to vote
for me then I've retweeted the link and
fingers crossed but it's lights like
hope who knows but yeah good luck to
everyone else that's in this little
competition it's really cool that
they're doing it so I'll leave the link
down below actually that makes more
sense doesn't it
thank you guys for watching today's vlog
and we'll see bright and early tomorrow
and
