Riley that's a nice little bone
that's a nice bone good morning
what if I go to take your bone No so I'm
not saying Dash's vlog because I need to
mention me of the day about that I look
nice thank you girl she was explaining
this morning I just went I went to
different places to try and get a hold
of a package that I need for Monday so
that yeah it's been a bit of a crazy
morning and I just had breakfast I'm
gonna be wearing in a shoot on Monday
and I'm so excited about this shoot and
it's gonna be with Free People which is
one of my favorite ever ever brands so
I'm so excited I don't know I've looked
yesterday I thought I'd give you a
little update on what's been going on
this oh yeah I think they have and I did
yesterday's vlog and then we went to the
gym now we're just chilling might watch
rugby game I've got more editing to do
and it's really a chill day so I think
it's gonna be that much footage today we
may go out later so if we do go out
if you wondered I'm wearing this it's
supposed to like think I've worn it I
might as well it works before do your
lip addict in a deal I really like it I
think it's the shades that Jennifer
Lawrence wears only in the official
photo also I'm writing a blog post now
actually about these because I've got
four of them the Dior lip addicts so yep
check out those numbers I'm gonna be
doing every now and then like a beauty
focus this is gonna be the latest Beauty
up their web blog just the dogs out for
a walk which I'm quite well better than
last time
and it it was the time 20 to 6 so in a
little bit we're gonna get some food get
dinner and then you might start a new
series or watch a film or something and
I'm just doing this new thing now or
trying to well at the weekend I'm gonna
literally water down Finn editing but
then force myself to do nothing because
all week I force myself to do things you
know all the time so it's like the one
time where I'm gonna try and relax and
oh oh I just wanted to tell you guys
about the book I just read I finished
luckiest girl alive by I think it's by
Jessica no I loved it it was really good
I didn't expect it to be that good and
to suck you in as much as it did if you
like gone girl and you like Gillian
Gillian or Gillian I always say it wrong
if you like her books and like the dark
darkness of them and the kind of
sinister undertone then you'll probably
like luckiest girl alive and also if
you're if your girl in some kind of
fashion and stuff like that as well
there's a not much in it but you know
she works in a magazine so it's like a
bit of fashion II and glamorous and
stuff and then also she's got it's about
like her whole a whole underlying story
and it's really good I liked her I
really recommend it
I'm gonna probably talk about it in my
next favourites video and yeah
so I'm gonna start reading is it the
dark dark wood or something like that
but let me know if you've read luckiest
girl alive and what other books you'd
recommend that are maybe similar or that
are like long girl go girl is just so
good I also loved sharp objects so
anything like that it's good I'm also
trying out the kind worth killing I
started that last night yeah book chat
over we're going to Nando's do you ever
get in the mood though we're like you
just can't you want to go out but you
don't really feel like being around
people and it's like I want to go but I
don't anyone to look at me I just want
to be my little our little bubble so
yeah anyway it'll be good mmm
we're making hot chocolate on this Ivan
sweat over this though we're making
hunter my creation I'm jerking that's
way too hot she though she's made a
little bit sabotage Amara
oh my god it shouldn't boil okay Sony
just started boiling cooled you down I
made mine with almond milk and dairy so
a bit of a mix and funky-looking market
hi guys I thought I would give you a
little update because I haven't been in
the vlogs much most of the world
actually Sam's had loads of meetings mr6
that's probably its most of it but I
haven't been feeling great because I
don't it's to be too long so I'll just
be quick oh yeah we went to New York
recently and I got an infection which is
sad and I had one a while ago which was
really bad so I thought it might be
similar so I started to get panic
attacks and that brought up a whole load
of other so we had to leave early
which was really upsetting upstair both
of us so yeah I'm just struggling to get
back to daily routines and stucks I feel
anxious and I just it makes me feel down
because of it so I can know how to deal
with it so it's alright but on top of
that of I basically have insomnia as
well I've had it for a while and so I
don't sleep very much no sleep is a
killer when you try and deal with other
 but anyway I am good and I'm on the
mend and I'm sure the next bit of clip
will be it makes me a video will be so
there will be another update
Sam has sabotaged Sam has sabotaged my
hot chocolate it basically made me a tea
it's not taste and Tommy that's mine
and chocolatey color a nice dog is with
whole milk so it's white sabotage
elephant skin no no I'm not zooming
appley I wouldn't I would not allow that
we should have a camera and I think this
is what I normally do to Sam she gets
really annoying
hey guys it's Sunday I just want to show
you my outfit before we just quickly
head out to go and get some coffee
yes we're buying coffee I haven't put my
shoes on yet but my jackets from Bodhi
skins this bag is from BT Barcelona I
love it it's new and I've got my little
crazy fur man on there and I just wear
some black shoes okay so as promised I
have feed the two winners of the two
giveaways I did well that this week was
one this week we don't wait one or two
anyway two giveaways I've done one for
the wire sell perfume and one for the
YSL palette and Tom Ford lipstick so the
first winner so they're both from
Instagram so the winner of the lipstick
and the palette is Garrett what's the
best way let me switch LG 0:22 thank you
so much for entering I'm just gonna
message every I'm tickling message both
girls and the winner of the perfume is
near Savoy so thank you for entering as
well and I'll be doing more giveaways as
well probably in the next week coming so
just like keep your eyes peeled and
thank you all so much for entering I've
got so many entries it's really nice
seeing what pictures you guys choose and
what screenshots you choose from the
vlogs because some of them very funny as
well like when we were dancing outside
I think that's I'm going to send there
I'm gonna send the items out as soon as
possible probably tomorrow so yeah if
you have any questions just leave them
well message me back and leave them down
below also um my giveaways are always
worldwide so you don't have to be in the
UK hello guys
oh so he'll let me doing that much today
I'm really I put a main Channel video up
about like my name change and like I
kind of do a mini review about my new
why I sell bag and I tell you guys what
I think of it and then also what's in it
what I keeping it so yeah that videos
gone down really well actually we're
cooking dinner now I think the man of
the house wants to show you what he's
cooking I'm just gonna give the lovely
flavor to the right wait so what you're
cooking it's kind of a chicken we're
going about it slightly different ways
because i know i'm still craving the
Chipotle Chipotle tuportal Chipotle for
our car I just like that Mexican style
of food so I'm gonna add rice some
lentils smarter spring onions sweet corn
but he's doing feynman he's always been
puzzled yeah
so I'm sandwiching the bacon inside the
chicken right oh yeah relaxing chicken
tell them what that is just some cherry
tomato some humble somebody cheese over
the top and then I'll just put pepper
and passed over top so we're at home
watching The X Factor and we had some
popcorn of hers of popcorn and Riley
absolutely loves it Riley look at the
camera like that one more nicely
who's that noise yeah give me I fine
okay yeah
