hey guys I've got a meeting today so I'm
headed to burners Tavern which is one of
my favorite places to go and have
breakfast it's all just in there I can't
wait to blogger then I'm meeting Jason
in I think author Street area and
I'm really hungry I'll catch up with you
guys briefly shortly when I keep saying
so cool so the meeting stays with
good I just got a few minutes to kill
like I've got like 15 minutes
wander around social
but you do I love these they're so
pretty
meeting with really well and
I loved it in there I'd really nice
person I've just waiting for Jason now
so again I've got a little bit of free
time
taken longer than we thought to get hurt
this trains Adelaide and stuff so again
I use the point of time to kill but
they're never there to go straight to
old Street there's not much there like
around the station or just be kind of
standing around
wee-bey me I need another coffee I'm
gonna go get coffee
yeah look I'm saying the exact same
thing
it's such a nice day today in London
it's really sunny
don't Cathy
that might help
damnit but anyway it hurdle to her or
the girl left her boyfriend because the
boyfriend wasn't you sir
it was my off to my video and I was like
just leave
so good it's so nice to meet someone
nice to meet someone and have someone
tell me that I've helped you impasse oh
my God look at this bulldog
oh my god it's so cute my wonderful new
shoes are hurting my feet got socks on
but they huh
but I love them just let me show you my
outfit of the day today I really like
her
I'm this shirt is from Topshop I'm
obsessed my skirt is from Urban
Outfitters bag wire so I'm just little
thing she's a Topshop I'm trying on this
topic it is it's so soft I love the
color so I really like this top I know
it doesn't look like much of a tall one
but the material is lovely yeah three
bins and now we're just like without
you people
so we just got some shots for my blog I
don't know where these pictures will be
up but it shouldn't be too long and
we're on the cusp of rush hour so it's
going to get get to Kings Cross as soon
as you can we're going to Jason's
parents house for dinner so that will be
nice as well I think that's it and in
this weekend we're just planning to
really chill out hopefully
it's not focusing kids are now is
Riley and I wanted to tell you guys
about today's little giveaway which I've
been meaning to do for days so I'm going
to be giving away these two things I've
got the wire sell eyes shadow palette in
in one is the nude palette basically I
thought one of these myself I really
love it I just couldn't find it in my
stash to show you the colors but these
are the colors it's absolutely gorgeous
I haven't touched any of these it's
unused it's brand-new I just wanted to
show you you know if you like the colors
and you know like mate might make unit
and more than if you didn't and then
also I'm going to be giving away this
brand new Tom Ford lipstick Sunset
Boulevard and again brand new not
touched but I wanted to show you the
color and it looks like this both of
them will be in their packaging here
it's just that I wanted to show you so
if you want to we we if you want to win
these two things then be subscribed to
this channel be following me on my
Instagram account which is samantha
marie initial also be following november
night on instagram tag me on instagram
in either a picture or a screenshot of
this vlog and hash targets Samantha
Maria giveaway 9 so that it you know
corresponds to this the day of this vlog
and that's it pretty much this is going
to be just an Instagram one because I
just feel it it's very engaging than
kind of personal and Instagram I like it
so I'll put those details down below as
well and I don't bore you so okay next
part of the vlog click cuddles before
we're off
I was so tempted potatoes correct I
wanted to show you all this new hat his
lumberjack hat what a nice hat Frank I
love how you accessorize so effortless
chic
I'm still on trend at the tartan and
also it was like a cat that used to have
at school with me at sports day we
should put up like that ask for universe
yeah Franklin to read to Fashion Week in
February here's Raleigh too so it's not
unfair
Miley lol at one though the dinner was
really really nice tonight
and we had apple crumble - it was so
good I'm sorry now could has been such a
long day because this morning I went for
a run as well so I like woke up did
emails went on them like oh yeah it's
just been a really long day but it's
been really good right we'll see you
guys tomorrow I don't know whether to I
may put Saturday and Sunday together
into one vlog so if you don't see an
upload on Saturday know it on Sunday
then that's why right signing off
otherwise I'll babble for ages thank you
guys for watching bye
