hey guys it is about half 9:00 and I'm
just on my way to go because our coffee
machine has broken again sorry are we
gonna get there the guy can't fix it in
the next morning it's not been working
again oh god camera please damn it he's
getting for it so I'm going to go get us
some coffee
I've got some video still I'm worried
one of them yesterday and also might
work out at some point
so yeah that's morning Oh
so obviously of just like waited up
showers come out
you know can't say yeah got the coffee
gonna go back home now and it's going
surprise Jason with a nice coffee
hopefully it felt me I want to film a
little update as to why I'm changing my
channel name and what else and maybe
let's do a little kind of what's in my
bag or like talking about my new bag and
oh no just a kind of general update let
me know what you guys think
well would be too late by the time you'd
let me know I always I feel like YouTube
is always Dino we forget about the time
difference because it feels like we're
talking to you like we've got a friend
here that's home video I'm wearing this
dress I love this dress it's from a
brand called faithful which I believe is
all the cotton for its beta I thought it
was Australia but I'm not sure if it is
actually own leave it down below they've
got the most the loveliest pieces on
there yeah I really would recommend it
this dress is so nice I love it and they
didn't take too long to deliver tell it
that they didn't take long to deliver
either because it was it came from the
other side of the world pretty much yeah
and not too expensive just a good price
range anyway what was I talking about so
yeah this morning I was trying to sort
out my blog as well because I've changed
over my domain name to samantha marie
official calm but i was trying to make
sure my old one forwarded over you know
so you guys don't get confused when
you're trying to look for my blog and i
think basically we contacted GoDaddy and
the whole thing is is in the process of
switching over and forwarding but if you
wanted it to work quicker a weird way
that we found that works is that I
disconnected from my home Wi-Fi
connected to my personal hotspot on my
phone then tried to like just type in my
old one which was Beauty crossed your
credit UK so that forwards to my new one
and it worked and then went back to my
home Wi-Fi and then it just forwards
again so if you guys wanted it to
forward or if you were looking for my
new website then that's the way taking
it working if not just type in
www.americanoutback.net
but yeah so that's film and it on this
video is going off actually but probably
soon and I'll catch up with you guys
after the filming done filming I have to
say I love this lip color
YSL babydoll kiss and blush in 10 so um
I think we're gonna go to the gym now
I've done all my makeup Wow okay so
since I saw you last I have got a lot
more energy I think I we went to the gym
did good little workout then afterwards
I start feeling really sick I think I
just needed to eat and so we went into
town I grab some lunch from prepped and
then I went and grabbed something that
was waiting at the post office from it
but it had a customs charge and then
I've come home showered got dressed
probably cash and now a backup camera
because I left it here at the house so I
thought I'd show you something promising
so these just came today and their Liz
OH
hand hand repair creams they look so
nice because I like the sound of all
these different cuz they flavours since
yeah what else can I show you what I got
yesterday when I was with Hannah so I
got these glasses from not prescription
from Topshop for like they're not
Topshop but you know they were in there
I really like them I might get them in
black as well oh thank you
I like them I I've always liked glasses
like this like you've probably seen me
in classes like this before but I saw a
picture of Kendall Jenner wearing some
kind of like this I think they were
thinner though and it did make me like
you know me made me think of wearing
them again so because my other ones got
really scratched up because frankly I
hate them so I got the jump the grey
jumper that I showed you yesterday but
also I got these boots because I love
this style of group and I'm so happy
with these they're so nice so they were
75 pounds quite a lot but as I always
say like some things I just think a well
worth spending a bit more on they're
very what they they're very comfortable
whereas the cheaper ones of this star
weren't as comfortable got a bit of a
heel and I love the finish of them the
shiny love it the shininess I also
really like the shape I didn't love the
shape of the cheaper version I'll link
stuff like the stuff down below just in
case you're interested so I got some
things the other day right ok ok you're
balancing on my knee
I've got these two tops the first top is
this absolutely gorgeous white blouse
which reminds me of that kind of
Victorian style that's around at the
moment you know like I don't know it's
all freely and with a pissy bow and it
was 42 pounds quite a lot but again
quite staple like it's an amazing piece
I saw this on Olivia from LA from lust
for life and I loved it then I saw this
shirt top in there and I fell in love
with it it's not picking up but I just
love the color like it doesn't look as
nice on camera but the color 39 pounds
and I just adore it I think it's very
like stylish classy but also play for
on-trend oh that's more of the colour
there got a really nice structure and
hold to it then I went to Urban
Outfitters I was kind of in and out I
met a subscriber as well I saw this
amazing hat and it was reduced to 18
pounds from 29 pounds so I was like yes
because it's really big and it fits on
my massive head
and okay oh this is the skirt style of
skirt I was talking about the other day
which I actually want in suede but I
can't find it anywhere in a light tan
suede color so I got this one from Urban
Outfitters
it was 39 pounds such a good on-trend
piece that all you can wear it loads of
different ways so I love it I might also
get it in black so really from a sauce
because I really like this style bit
late to it but so that's my another
little kind of awesome more I don't know
what was wrong with me honestly I really
like liked this bag are seeing it online
quite a lot and so I went on eBay and
sort of went to see if anyone was just
selling their old one on eBay or
anything and I found it so that's so
good yeah it's I mean you guys have
probably seen this black when I've got I
love this and it's the same the nude
cute there's not enough hours in the day
I swear it's just not enough I need to
wake up like 6:00 in the morning trying
get anything done today's work is done
I edited yesterday's vlog and I did my
blog post so there's a new blog post on
my blog if y'all interested and right
I'm about to go and walk the dogs which
is really not my highlight of the day I
love that I love that they go and get to
have fun and stuff later they were gonna
go and see Sicario I think that's how
you say it at the cinema we've been
waiting for it to come out since we were
in New York and it's right up our alley
so yeah if I just go to the cinema and
have some popcorn and everything and
that's pretty much it really so I'll
film what I can I don't think I'll feel
am walking the dog dogs cuz I don't
think it's that interesting but I'll see
you guys when I get back
we've also got some N&K work to do so
hopefully we can get that done before we
go to cinema this spot just won't go oh
my god it's been s
long and it's just one of those ones
that just under the skin and it won't
come out
okay right catch up with you guys
briefly shortly later cinema we've
believed and really stressed out this
afternoon
I already stressed out cells walking the
dogs then that was just just wanna go to
whistles and then all the roads are
really busy and stuff therefore just
drive and I can trap
his property battle as AmeriCorps phone
but I think silently yeah we're really
excited with this film me because I'm a
beat what I think twice that word yeah
that isn't that vagina
the trucks always just pull out they
don't care wondered it to me you know
this probably don't be done let us know
if you see the film anyway and what you
feel within riley bit my arm earlier
today i was splitting up the fight
between the two dogs
I'm really good mouth
I've had no sleeps that's why I mention
cranky
tomorrow we're going to book the park
which will be cool and although I've got
meeting in the morning
yes me a good day
we gonna take them
we always forget to record them we do
okay
back home now and we've really liked the
film it's suck it was really good it was
really one of the best films I've seen
like for a little while just because it
was so well short and acted and yeah if
you like anything to do with the Mexican
cartel and that kind of jazz or kind of
please he feels please see you're
probably enjoying it and there wasn't
too much like violence and stuff and it
really it was just a really interesting
good film
so just feeding the dogs now here comes
Frank welcome back welcome I'm just
gonna step right out to go for a wait
don't I got says get ready for bed and
read my book and sleep really I was just
thinking as well because I I feel like I
feel like this quiet a lot after I go to
the cinema like sometimes after watching
a film after going to the cinema like
you get sewing to get so engrossed in
the film and it's like a really nice bit
of xscape ISM and then when I come out
of the cinema I just get you know I
don't know you're in like a nother world
for a few hours and it's really nice and
then sometimes when I come home I just
feel a bit like me like I have an
amazing life so it's not really about my
personal life it's just like I know it's
just nice to like not be in your life
for a bit I don't know if that makes any
sense
yeah then I like this Sonne slope into
life again I'm like okay
