morning everyone I'm off to the
osteopath because I need to sort out my
spine but I just wanted to show you
quickly for those of you they're 5 yeah
for those of you who don't get much rain
this is all rain today I don't know if
you can see oh it does it never looks
like much it doesn't do it justice it's
actually going down now I hate tax as
you can tell I've washed my hair and
okay I'm using the comments I'm almost
like stop pointing out when you got
spots and like dark circles and stuff so
I'm gonna try and just not mention it
okay I've made my coffee which has made
me a lot happier dealt with tax stuff
this morning which really like made me
feel really I hate it how amazing
is this Porter or portait how do you say
it by the way
cover with I love her she's just one of
my favorite actresses since inception
it's an amazing I always say Porter do
the most amazing covers and I think I'll
subscribe is it good to subscribe to you
guys subscribe I made my coffee and I am
about to watch the British Vogue elects
the time talking about fashion and
fashion industry cuz I find it really
interesting and I really like the folk
youtube channel at the moment oh I'm so
sorry guys yesterday I said I'd show you
what I got and I didn't some rubbish but
I've got some Tom Ford bits so I think
I'm gonna play around with those this
morning when I do my makeup oh my god I
have to share this with you oh this is
the oh my god I just can't even explain
how much I love this fragrance it's so
sexy and deep and she said it has kind
of pistachio creamy notes but also with
amber and oh my god this is amazing it's
like my new favorite perfume ever
okay I'm making some lunch I'm just
having an M&S doesn't look too appealing
but it's like a spicy bean black being
vegetable soup ah chef bread with it I
got this I haven't had this genius bread
before that maybe I'll do that one slice
of toast with soup mm-hmm okay this is
my lunch I forgot it's sweet potato
lentil black bean soup and gluten-free
bread and by the way um if you guys
didn't know my new snapchat is Sammy
Maria and that's it so go and follow me
on there I can't even if I've mentioned
it in the vlog or not but I'm going to
go out and eat this delicious nurse and
yeah
but it's half sets now I have been
working pretty much since I got back
from the gym this morning I'd like Oh as
you guys saw I Freight I had a break for
lunch and then I've just been working
like non-stop which is great but I'm
just absolutely knackered and I haven't
been able to vlog anything for you guys
okay I do apologize jayson's downstairs
with the dogs so I'm just gonna go
downstairs and I literally haven't seen
him all day I've only seen him a little
bit and I feel really bad I just had to
get so many things done today and I've
got up a main Channel video yesterday's
vlog and a blog post and I've been doing
emails okay this is my dinner I've got
haddock with butter salt and pepper and
lemon and lentils and veg Jason's having
poached eggs and salmon which I'm just
waiting for hey Frank
salmon hey guys so as you can tell I've
added on yesterday's book to this one
because I just yesterday I was complete
now and I couldn't upload that
the whole hokage's ship or Oh announcer
accessory area and last night Hannah and
I are attacked
from the minarets and she was like
joining me up tomorrow and I was like
yeah yeah we're gonna meet have some
food maybe tea and cake and just like go
around the shop seal bit together and it
would be so nice to see you outside the
casino for ages if you're wondering my
beanie is from the cause and like I did
my hair this morning and then I realized
it's pissing it down as usual so I just
stuck it to the beanie save it
and yeah I got certainly got some bit I
got some really cool shoes I'll show you
guys later
and yes now they're going Liberty and
we're gonna eat I love these trees
probably a total fulfillment
there's such Pete stationery everywhere
we got killed whose daydreams engage me
through that flowers chocolate pudding
and packing was all my favorites and we
loved his plates - so nice to see Hannah
we just had a proper capture than a
laughs he was chatting about everything
I know she's like someone I feel so
comfortable around like that doesn't
always happen easily I'm gonna link her
channel down below if you're interested
and upload because she has a really
lovely blog as well so yeah and we had
like two drinks and actually it look
wouldn't my head anymore it's gone now
so I'm Alexis tree I'm just gonna walk
down to Selfridges and then I probably
head home
because I want to get home to you later
don't go home and a policeman just had
to go at me because of my home you see
my bag like it doesn't it's got zips on
it but it doesn't have a main set and he
was like look be careful okay we've had
so many people like you know have their
things stolen he was like I'm sick and
tired of people have anything stolen
case you guys wondered about my outfit
today my hats John cause I said that
earlier my tops is from Zara jacket is
AllSaints burgers Zara jeans are a sauce
who
Gani
guys I love these glasses they're
ray-bans
they're so cool just don't know what
it's do it or not because we don't get
any Sun here they also like the others
I'll show you a music hall
I think anything in Selfridges by always
like just having a little look in the
department stores I really like this
very bad glasses sons gonna head home
now
yeah just got home and I've come back to
washing yeah I was just trying out a new
Estee Lauder like a lip gloss kind of
thing but and I thought it was a neutral
color and then I didn't realize it was a
really bright one
so I'm just like hmm
pure color Envy liquid lip potion in
quiet riot
hey mr. Frank how was your day Franklin
how was your day big twitch your nose at
me oh you know what right like you're
thinking really deeply about something
yeah I'm eating some dark chocolate with
salt
I think it's limp I love this stuff mmm
let me grab black shotcut and salt
together but it's really good
slang for Jason come downstairs and
we're gonna just eat at some point times
when so quickly today watch something
what you feel or something we both
really struggled to find a film's nuts
we both haven't seen because like we've
both loved films so through the years
we've both seen oza films and then
there's some left that one of us has
seen well I don't mind if he's seen it
but he might have I've seen it do you
recommend us films down below um that
would be really good actually
Barry my god I've seen a lot probably
seem like most of what you suggest but
but you never know and I might just we
might discover amazing films also I love
horror we've said that so many times so
I love horror films right and he doesn't
so I'm trying to thinking of trying to
if you're watching Jason this is my plan
I'm trying to slowly integrate him into
horror so try and think of any films
that are like kind of set like they're
scary but they're not super scary
let's work on this together also someone
asked how does it work with the
giveaways and I didn't actually explain
like what happens with when I choose the
winner and stuff so I'm gonna choose the
winner really soon and because I want to
do quite a few you know actually want to
do one in this vlog so I do that when
I'm upstairs because the prize is
upstairs I'm thinking about at the end
of the week
oh just show you guys who the winner is
and I'll write it down below and I'll
contact you personally so you guys know
that you know the winners been chosen
yeah I've got another makeup key item to
giveaway and so yeah and I'd love to
give away more things like more types of
things let me know what you think what
you think would be a good thing to do a
giveaway on that's it really
I had a such a nice day it's so nice to
have some girl time and third it that
much and when you do do it you're like
oh it's so nice it's a chat about like
not even girly stuff but just you know
have someone to talk to and that's of a
different John genre genre general
gender yeah I need to eat I was going to
show you this top that I bought today I
got it from Topshop but then Riley's
curled up on my lap but I really like it
it's so soft it's so soft it reminds me
of brandy melville and second I couldn't
California one and yes lovely oh my god
Franklin what's he doing they're not
allowed David yeah it was about 25
pounds and I got some other bits as well
so
sitting at Domino's tonight and it's
being prepared and one of my favorite
things ever I think I've said this
before they is to watch the update I
just thought I find it so fun like whoa
pizza we're trying to find something to
watch it's really difficult or who's
watching arc has we really liked her no
I wait forever for the next one
I've got a small Italian base with
peppers olives red onion that's we cook
so the boys are waiting near the dead on
my side I'm not gonna give them anything
so I just thought I'd sign off and say
thank you guys watching this blog and I
didn't get to come upstairs and do the
giveaway thing and show you guys what I
got but I'll do that tomorrow I will see
you guys tomorrow
