hey guys I'm at Kings Cross it's about
9:00 in the morning
and yeah I'm just heading over to Oxford
Circus yeah so I'm going to the riding
cafe for a meeting but it's smooth busy
today I know I look crazy right now yeah
it's been so busy my train was delayed
and everything so it's but it's a
stressful morning so I've had two
meetings and now I'm going to meet
Michaela the one
- and we gonna she may be so high or
something throwing my hair looks bloody
mental so I just like a torn Ford as now
or someone from don't actually meet some
food so I got some lovely bits and I
can't wait to try them out okay so we
just wrap shooting we did tulips and
this is a little sneak peek over
introduce you to the YouTube world why
YouTube well it's lovely
okay so now I'm gonna head to all go
back to Oxford Street I think and have a
little look because there's a certain
skirt that I really want to try and find
okay just got home
I'm knackered it's been such an insane
morning it's a really good one there Oh
oh my god hello guys guess who I ran
into today Jen from Close Encounters Jen
I'm Jen I'm Jen in she's one of my
favorite people ever on YouTube I
absolutely love her style I love her
videos they're always so well done only
Kai down below if you had you've
probably heard about she's massive but
it was so nice to see her just like
walking along Carnaby Street and I like
saw her I was like it's not real she
here cuz obviously you know she'd have
seen the US and her boyfriend as well he
was really lovely and say hi Jen that's
enough she'll watch this but it was so
nice to meet her and I really wanted to
like ask her to be in the vlog but or
you to be in the blog if you're watching
I didn't want to like shove a camera in
your face you know like I haven't hadn't
seen her for so long and I didn't want
to be like being my video I don't know I
just felt bad but but it would have been
so cool for you guys to see yeah also
did a lovely shoot with Michaela who's
she's such a lovely photographer like
and person in general but um yeah I
really like working with her I feel
really comfortable working with her or
leave her details down below as well if
you were interested she's based around
London I
my hair this morning and any sign of
dampness outside it just went so it
looks really right now and dry yes
I know my hair looks dry and rubbish
right now I've got two videos to edit
then we've got to go to or one of us is
gonna go to Sainsbury's to go and get
the week shop got to get dog food and
we've got to work on some November night
bits I've got some bits today I'll
probably share that with you I'll
probably share um a few bits of what I
go up so that make sense
that'll be cool right like a mini haul
maybe so it's hard also you know our
coffee machines broken a guy is coming
over in like 20 minutes to come and fix
it so finally yes I'm gonna make so much
coffee and also okay don't want to show
my toes but I have to show my toes I
love this so I painted them with this I
love this color it's the white is why I
sell okay they always have them quite
obscure names but it's six to ln0 there
but basically a really bright gorgeous
blue that's what it looks like
feel free to print screen this is what I
get like when I'm trying it he comes up
and puts his hand on me and it's like
mum I don't know what you want what is
it Riley what do you want I live yeah it
must be him fixed
can we sit hilarious I couldn't see
we're in st. V's now for doing our big
shot but then we're gonna make dinner
later I don't know what Lots makes its
way to ensure no you never gently just
cement things once and then I think
Justin again he doesn't like it I just
sit there like this is our dinner today
steak and veg so excited there's blue
cheese on top as well Jason did this not
me hmm we're about to eat and then watch
telly and when I upload okay it's really
dark I just want to show you guys what I
use on my face at the moment at night I
obviously cleanse my face then I use a
toner usually by the pixie or heels then
I'm using the kills the avocado eye
cream it's my favorite limit
um I got this from the cult from Co PT
and I'm gonna use it tonight because
I've got PC them like these gross bumps
so this draws it couldn't okay so you
open it up and then you get these little
tiny circles of like things that you
place literally on your spot and then it
draws out all the everything that was in
in the spot out it sounds amazing so I'm
gonna use they're called clinical skin
care acne pimple master patch by course
and then you think I use Ren wake
wonderful nighttime facial propose I
like it it smells like oranges oh sorry
it's so dark for the sign off that thank
you guys for watching today and yeah it
was quite a crazy day I feel like I
didn't film enough while I was busy but
then I was so busy that I couldn't
really pull my camera and start filming
but I met some I met quite a few
subscribers today so hi if you can walk
to me and said hi
oh I've met such a lovely girl in
Sainsbury's as well when I tweeted the
picture of us together right so I'll
catch up with you guys tomorrow
do you wanna shop bye
