this morning we're going to the gym and
we both have haven't we both haven't
went to the gym for ages so God knows
what's going to happen I feel like I
might collapse after five minutes hey
Frank - enjoying the telly we're drawing
Saturday morning telly that's how I feel
frankly Jason just going to get coffee
yeah oh my god I don't I'm really
actually scared about what you know you
know when you like I've just taken a
break of months and my buddy's gonna be
like what's going on how is forward
having coffee before because it makes me
feel ready for and then I feel like I'm
working out on a really full stomach
after birth I'm trying this method out
do you drink coffee thank you oh hello
we're just at the park now walking my
dogs Jim wasn't too bad actually
yeah didn't last for too long yeah got a
little workout in and it makes you feel
a bit more like limber how do you find
the gym come on yeah it's just more of a
struggle at the beginning good it's good
whiny Jonah day tomorrow come here
Ronnie it's gonna yeah maybe
Wow look I'll say Royals it's
impressive here we have to attack a lot
of them
Royals guitarist privacy in the Gras
medicine yeah they think that if they
got a bad stomach for something Frank so
it's a little bit later now I've just
been doing some editing I feel like all
might they're gonna be saying this I
just been editing but you do it a lot
gotta go downstairs now and probably
just chill with all the boys down there
I'm quite hungry as well so we're gonna
gonna have a little peck at the fridge I
have to Japan hey guys
it's the England the Australian rugby
game and it's a pretty big deal Paul
knows much to me as Philips other people
yeah I'm excited tortured and yeah we
all gonna watch it together and we're
gonna get Lebanese today so I think I'm
gonna put today with some day and then
have it as a weekend vlog and I might do
that
yes haven't even I wasn't allowed to
lift more than three and a half
kilograms
it states Lord Odin tomorrow and
tomorrow we're hopefully gonna go to the
gym will you go to the gym again
we're gonna do speech sorbet which is
fun I don't know what else yeah
so how many like as well I'm excited
food but what just put a new blog post
up as well where I'm wearing the
bartender so it could give you a little
bit of styling inspiration maybe that's
all for now
seven-year-old it's a charity his
charity I feel like when I have an
exercise for ages I hate the idea of it
and then once I go once to the gym I'm
just like else not too bad
so Jason so I haven't got any makeup on
Jason and I were going to go to the gym
together today but he didn't sleep very
well last night and it's like past 10:00
and I'm someone that I really like to
work out in the morning to get out of
the way and it's like I don't know I
mean it's just normal I don't want to
shower in the morning and go to the gym
because then there's no point you're
gonna get all sweaty
so I hate waiting hours and hours you
know like not showered waiting to go to
the gym I just feel gross so I don't
know when he's gonna be up so I'm just
gonna go to the gym myself and I'm gonna
get it done
like get my workout done off the day
because I'm not gonna be able to go
tomorrow I'm gonna be in London so yeah
maybe he'll go as well later maybe he'll
get some such as justice maybe he'll get
some footage then that's it so I'm gonna
go and just do a little workout I love
pumping good beats on the way to the gym
if you guys wanted this is I think it's
American Apparel bits actually Jason's I
always do because I really like it's
cozy yeah I've only had more teasers for
breakfast we actually have no food in
the house so that's not good to work out
on but I feel like I've got energy okay
whoa
that was a good workout yeah I feel good
I feel hungry that cuz I haven't eaten
much but I did like 20 minutes running
then I did wait and then I did some then
I was on a step machine for like five
five ten minutes five so five minutes
and then I did a few like yoga stretches
and stuff so yeah when you go back home
and get dressed and don't know what else
really it's Sunday
hey guys it's a bit late now and I've
just been sitting just like doing my
makeup for a while you know just when
you've got time to just sit and play
with new makeup and stuff yes let me
know if you like this look I'm thinking
that instead of just wearing eye line
every day I might let my hair so random
it's because I wet some of it but not
the rest of it yeah instead of wearing
just eyeliner everyday I'm thinking that
like we're a bit underneath and some
shadow in the crease and to just like I
don't know like just wear a little bit
more I was really on a high when I was
coming back from the gym gym and I was
like dancing and stuff in the Chi and
then I don't know I just don't I feel a
bit more I feel a bit different now I
don't know I don't know what it is with
me I always find emotion-wise in the
during the week well better and a lot of
the time at the weekend if I don't have
anything to do particular I I'm so I
said this before but I'm someone who
just I can't switch off I can't just
like I wish I could I just can't what to
tell you all day and just do something
all day that's relaxing I can't read all
day unless I'm on holiday or something
and I'm literally you know like on
holiday or you literally don't have
anywhere any two guys that you just sit
there and read and it's nice
so like Jason's lunch at the gym now and
I'm on my own so I and most the time I'm
fine on my own but I don't know I just
feel a bit
let me know if you're like that if
you're kind of a workaholic so the
weekends are aware but you don't know
what to do with yourself I feel like I
don't know makes you feel like you're
the only person who's like that I'm sure
I'm not half one that's it really don't
paint my hey guys are feeling a little
bit better now actually sometimes I just
think you need to kind of clear out your
emotion a little bit I didn't cry or
anything it just been a bit better um I
wanted to address something because as
you guys might have noticed I've started
to change over my name's on
all my social media and online and a lot
of people are like oh why because they
really like beauty cache and everything
and maybe I'll do a main Channel video
on this to explain like because I
changed my Instagram and I'm in the
process of changing everything really
and like I was pretty young when I chose
the name et crush and even though it
still just applied to what I talked
about because the idea behind it was
that I find beauty and everything in you
know lots of different things and that's
what I'll talk about obviously it was
mainly beauty at the beginning and then
it kind of went into different things
but I especially didn't want the name
the beauty crush like I I never liked
that name at the beginning it was just
hello it was just what you know the
first thing I thought of to have the
name is Gigi crush because it had
already been taken so I've never liked
that name I've always wanted to change
it you know and it's just I'm just like
oh let's just do it and at 26 now as
well I just feel like I'm kind of
outgrown Beauty crush I just I don't
like how it sounds and don't know I just
you do changes you know you change and
grow as you get older and hello hey guys
it's very late now
I do really apologize I do promise
tomorrow's vlog will be a lot better
because I'm going to be going to London
and I've got quite a jam-packed today
I've got a lot to do but it should be a
good look but yet today has been a bit
of a weird one
I've just been moping around to be
totally honest it wouldn't look very fun
to what and we just got a Lebanese
takeaway and watched X Factor and then
had a lot of stress try to change up my
blog domain name but we've got it
working in the end thanks to Jason cuz
he's a computer genius I've got to get
out quite early in the morning got a
meeting at half of nine at the writing
House Cafe which is one of my favorite
places to eat for breakfast so sorry
this looks been a little bit dull and
this week will be a lot
but yeah thank you guys for watching and
I'll see you always said not doing this
don't I look left my hair a bit curly
today yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow
