hey guys welcome to day two and I'm
starting this vlog a bit late today oh
my god I look like a bloody mess so
sorry so I went pops town that's all
I've done is pot to town this morning
and I went to go and get coffee and a
bit of food because our coffee machines
broken and we're getting it fixed on
Monday and in this house no he literally
don't function in the morning without
coffee
I'm trying to like get myself off coffee
and try match her or something but I
feel like I don't know I'm just not
strong enough to be that healthy anyways
so I'll still take you guys to town with
me this morning when I went there but
the camera ran out of battery so I the
battery's been on charged it's gonna
charge forever isn't even fully charged
yet and I've just been trying to get
this video up so I could ink it up last
night and like doing all the linking and
things and well so I'm and doing loads
of emails today and just then you know
emails and kind of admin stuff so that's
all that you've missed it's not tons
I've just been sitting here at my desk
Jason sneezed Jason's gone to a doctor
appointment because he had an upset
before but he had a neck operation and
it's like it's gonna talk to the doctor
dude and see what he can do now and if
he can do more and lift stuff so yeah so
he's out I'm at home with dogs and I'm
just on my computer so that's all I'll
catch up with you guys in a little bit
this is my lunch today it's just the
Pratt oh I love this by the way it's a
prep sushi salad yeah it's really good
oK we've got this drain Wow oh it's so
great this wasn't my idea and I'm not
taking with it pick it's good footage
huh sunflowers hello boys
Franklin people think of it like a
granddad and you do actually so he's
doing his drone outside because I hate
being there I feel like it's gonna kill
me because the propellers are really
strong and accidentally shredded up its
own information sheet so I saw what
happened that looks bad oh my god what
are they oh wait face it's being
attacked with so I'm so not good today
it's a bowl I think it's like 20 past
6:00 evening in the evening
cost me so yeah I'm really sorry today's
not had a little content if today ends
up being really I'm gonna add it on
to tomorrow and then do a two day vlog
but yeah I just thought you know I wanna
so typical I'm like yeah I've looked
over then I'm like yeah no footage hello
little one no I know when I get killed
if Brad today you see yeah cool okay I
start now gently freezing okay here
right yeah ready slowly up this is like
my second flight properly oh please
don't put it towards us
so much younger when it snow ended
taken away hey well anything
it's moving
everyone have not blocked that ages
uh-huh Maria thought about it but mostly
because Miss Sam's thing I didn't really
want to like get too involved with it
because a lot of people just were like
mmm
hello I just read a lot of comments that
people didn't want me to vlog and stuff
like that so I just fought whatever how
I won't do it but I'm doing it again
because Sam's got vlog every day so for
miles or help anyway
what I wanted to show you was so I'm
coming come in here you haven't even
seen it we're doing but November night
are doing a pop-up shop in box parking
shortage which is which is unbelievable
because it's such a cool place to go the
we like going and we're gonna be there
for one week in November November the
24th I think will be our first day open
we're there for a week so anyway we got
in a load of stock so I was running
yesterday and some guy behind me when
it's really cool because it's just cool
to see so we got later notice talking
this is a massive box all pop up for its
core we got more we got we got the
Mortimer jumper here which is actually
on sale at the moment yeah Annie's on
sale we've got an October sale by the
way by got the cropped up this isn't how
you get the products by the way they get
really lovely packed in tissue paper and
stuff once they come out of these bags
yeah we're gonna hang these in the store
and these little clear bags are just to
keep them clean and what-have-you this
is just a really messy room this chair
we got
for the only shoes we got this chair I
want it for my house our house so we got
it and we're going to put it in the
shops which I think would be really cool
I'm kidding and Sam thinks we should put
some thoroughly yeah safer both but I
might make this thumbnail I like it
it's good show okay thanks
that's nice okay we're going to go and
see my bath at the cinema I've never
read it actually which is really weird
because I've read a few Shakespearean
literature doesn't make sense
um but yeah
so it's going better than it's gonna be
my first time experiencing the whole
story apart from the Simpsons episodes
where they do it yeah okay yeah that's
our evening what do you guys get the
cinema we usually get about three things
I do apologize for yesterday's book
ending so abruptly yes what's the film
and it was really good I didn't
understand what the hell was going on
until I'm sure everyone knows the story
right so I'm not gonna get that away I'm
sure they know okay into a certain
murder happened I didn't understand what
was going on because I haven't studied
the script or anything before but I
loved Michael Fassbender and I loved is
it Marion Cotillard I might be saying
that wrong I love those actors so you
know like them on their own just pulled
me into the film that acting was amazing
the setting was amazing I really enjoyed
knowing the story through the film it's
probably a dick like everyone I'm sure
like everyone else has already studied
the story so I had it so it was
interesting I really recommend it it's
very intense very in-depth you have to
read through a lot of things to
understand what's going on you know it's
not like a film you go do for a laugh
and a chat I don't do that some people
do though and yeah so just like give you
a little round up of what I thought
because I'm a film buff lad just loved
films it's always fun to tell it like I
don't know to share what I felt and
stuff after the film we just went home
and then just went to bed really that's
all that happened so thank you guys for
watching today's blog and I know there
wasn't a lot in today's vlog but I've
been trying to catch up and a little
work recently so yeah hopefully Oh kind
of catch up soon and do even more stuff
and you know some days are gonna be not
a lot going on and then some days there
will be stuff going on so yeah you guys
know what it's like
also I'm so happy to see that some other
elzar doing well doing club towbar
because I love watching daily looks as
well so Wow
so I think I'm going to be doing quite a
few little giveaways during October
because it's just really nice to give
back to you guys that watch me and just
take time out of your lives to watch me
I still find that amazing and just feel
your support and everything and that
yeah it would be like a mix of different
types things that I'll be giving away
so today's that a good time do them as
much as I can to inflict over today's
thing is why I sell black opium OD twill
it and it's the 50ml version this is one
of my favorite perfumes I absolutely
love this it's like a sexy kind of it's
really sexy it's like a feminine sexy
magnetic kind of fragrance so probably
more more people will probably wear this
at nighttime
sorry their focus is being so weird um
more people probably wear this at
nighttime but I do wear it in the day as
are just because I love if I love a
fragrance I don't care so anyway if you
want to win this just make sure you're
following my vlog channel here and
following sorry make sure you subscribe
to my vlog channel here and also you can
so what I really like to do with my
people ways is you can subscribe to my
channel leave a comment in the comments
you're entering a giveaway and then also
if you want a second chance at winning
if you guys don't know I've changed my
Instagram name so now it's Samantha
Maria official said I've black this
focus in probably not Samantha Maria
official and all you need to do is
upload a picture it could be anything to
be honest or it can be a screenshot from
this video actually there are bigots
that I can look what video that it's
from that you guys are entering but make
sure that you tag me and you hashtag
Sammy Maria giveaway I'll leave all the
details down below and then I'll go
through them but I'll pick a winner at
random so and then I'll contact you on
their ask you for your address so I can
send it out to you and the same on
YouTube have I explained that enough I
hope so if not leave a question down
below and I'll try and answer it for you
or I leave all their details on how to
enter down below so that it makes sense
so I'll see you guys tomorrow thank you
again for watching and yeah master Oh in
case you wanna drink my shirt dress is
from a sauce and I love it it's so comfy
and soft it's actually really soft so
yeah I'll link that down below if you're
interested
