everyone good morning I wanted to jump
in at the beginning heads give you a
little bit of context to this video
because the footage that you're mainly
gonna see today is actually from last
week
so I filmed a lot of this last week
because I partnered up with in Stockton
and their Instax share printer which I
loved doing because if you guys know me
you know that I like I've had my Instax
camera for a few years now and I use it
all the time and I was working on a bit
of a fun little project something that
I've been wanting to do for a while I've
been trying to make my way through the
house sorting out each room trying to
make it exactly how I like it
I wanted to give my office this room my
office corner a bit of a makeover so I
went to Ikea last week and I picked out
a few bits and bobs from there to kind
of kickstart it get me going with
rejigging my office corner and then I
used the in structure printer as well so
I hope you guys will like this vlog I've
been dying to get it up and to show you
guys my little updates I love it enjoy
hey guys a little bit of an update so
today I always always run up the stairs
and then stop looking and I must seem
like I'm just the most unfit person err
books I'm always out of breath so today
we're gonna go to Ikea so my office room
there's a corner of it that I really
want to kind of finish and make better
I've kind of shoved a few bits in there
when we moved in but I feel like I
haven't properly done it this is kind of
the situation at the moment would like
the windowsill and then this so this is
a corner I really want to sort out make
it a lot prettier and kind of more
personal feeling it's a mess because
I've been getting ready
Indy's been in here I've been filming
yesterday I might still change those
pictures actually
but anyway mainly this section of my
office I really want to update it and
I've got some cool bits that could look
really nice together but I want to
finish it mainly I really want to kind
of make use of this cork board or get a
new cork board and put loads of nice
like little pictures on it personal
picture but kind of mixed in with some
inspire chisel this is part partly my
outfit today I'm always wearing this top
I love it it's from neon rose it says
dreamer in French
than just my a sauce Farley jeans and my
Stan Smith's I think I'm gonna wear my
check blazer on top we're heading out
with indeed we're is her first trip to
Ikea I'm gonna keep my eye out for some
nice bits to kind of complete that area
with then I'm going to be printing out
some really cute pictures and like
choosing my favorite ones and putting
them up as well so yeah it should be a
fun little project to do I'm so happy
right now we've got our right here food
got some meatballs and blue chips and
indie really want something what do you
want
she's lost a sock there is come and get
you suck very good so we're just in the
light infection working our way around
slowly I'm still looking for something
for my office okay I've seen this little
stool but it's kind of a little table as
well I really love that so I might grab
one of those for the room and then make
it an arrangement on top of it I think
that would look so cute and then they've
also got some kind of fake eucalyptus
which could be handy so I've got this
really nice glass jar and I thought that
would look really nice on the table so
hopefully it all works hi everyone it's
the next day yesterday was a bit crazy
like the first half of being IQ in of
being IKEA was fine and it was refun
this morning I've been really really
busy I've just come back from London
actually I've been dying to get home so
that I can carry on sorting out this
room while I was gone I asked Jason if
he could build me the table wait can you
see it yeah that big they come in here
settle - but I want that big one for the
corner he built that for me yeah right
let's get going on this corner first I
want to show you what I'm really excited
about using I'm so happy that Instax and
have sent me this over to use this is
the Instax share smartphone printer this
is my Instax camera I've had this for
ages actually probably two years or so I
love it I use it all the time this is
amazing because you can print off
pictures from your phone and it's so so
so easy to do
this would also make an amazing gift but
all you do is download the app which
I'll show you a my phone as well and you
just choose a picture and it prints off
so you just use the film that you you'd
use with the camera as well so this is
the little pretty look how small it is
look the size of your patterns this is
the little printer and why I love it is
because it lets you
one-off moments and special moments that
you capture like on our phones and
everything day to day into something
physical like something that you can pin
out something you can hold a lot at the
time it's so much nicer to have
something tangible and something that
you can I can like show say pictures of
Indies like I can show her pictures of
herself as baby in years to come
Christmas birthday parties I can
actually store them or use them or put
them in a photo album and think so it's
just so much nicer and that way they can
last forever as well there don't kind of
disappear into the cloud so the shared
printer kind of brings that back for you
and which is really nice I want to show
you guys that app so I downloaded that
app for it
it's called Instax share so looks like
this you can either take a picture or
you can choose a picture from your phone
let's do select photos I'm gonna print
this one from yesterday that we took in
Ikea connects and print the quality's so
good as well you'll see when it prints
out there it's printing and just give it
a bit of light let's print this one as
well
so yeah I got this kind of false or faux
eucalyptus just because it's easier and
then I've got this really cute simple
black table so that's gonna go over
there I need to rearrange this corner
Oh
okay I think this is looking a lot
better and cleaner I might still kind of
sort my bookshelf out after but I just
wanted to concentrate on this area
please excuse all the mess in the mirror
Hey Oh in case you're wondering my
jumper is and other stories my child is
actually also and other stories Weiss do
those take all the tags off of these I
had these two small glass vases so I
thought they'd go quite nicely there and
I might get small I don't know other
small flowers to put in them less sort
out my little cork board of in Spode
so I'm just printing out my last one and
then I'm gonna pin them up I've got all
of my photos I want a bit of color added
as well so
okay I think I've got my finished mood
board so a little kind of overview of my
pictures got one from the wedding when
we were cutting the cake and this is one
just at home
this one's from Ikea yesterday this was
on holiday in the summer pretty flowers
not added this one because I love that
color and the texture but yeah I
probably keep adding to it because I
always I'm adding and taking things away
but I really like this at the moment I
think it's about half for tonight I've
got a dinner that I've been invited to
so that should be really really nice
I'll bring you guys along with me too
that I donated that many dinners yes
she'll be really nice it's at the Ritz
so it's super fantasy I've never been to
the Ritz before either I've always
wanted to go actually I think I'll also
give the rest of the room a tidy because
it's a bit of them this is such a mess
it's never usually this messy but we
just went to Ikea so you know how it is
I'll catch up with you guys probably
when I'm on my way to the Ritz okay I'm
pretty much ready I'm just running out
the door but yeah this is I've kind of
read on my face for the night
made it my train was a bit delayed so
I'm a little bit late but
that your dinner was amazing and there
were so many amazing girls there
Oh sat next to Patricia and Naomi smart
so nice to have a good old chat with
everyone I hadn't been to the Ritz
before and it's somewhere that I'd
always wanted to go and and it's just
you know not really somewhere that you
casually go you're like oh it just felt
like going to the wrist and so it was so
nice to go the room we were in con and
oh my god we got the the prettiest deal
advent calendar I'll show you guys in a
second here you guys ready oh my look at
this oh my god so pretty thank you so
much Dior this is just unreal thank you
guys for watching as always and I'm just
look look over there I can see my pretty
little corner
it's so nice now you can see it in the
sunlight hey guys today Sunday and today
we're heading to San Albans because we
just felt like going somewhere a little
bit different and apparently there's a
Christmas market there as well so
yeah we're all headed there we're gonna
get well hopefully you might get some
food from some of the Christmas stores
or something but we've got MD in the
back with us if you can see her and it's
freezing at the moment so it looks so
big
I've got my puffer on it's almost 8:00
it's so comfy
thank you
mr. Baggins
got a hot chocolate we're gonna head out
it was so busy in math it's been so long
since I talked to the camera but it's
day 2 of this market and is so busy like
overwhelmingly busy we had to leave
before doing the whole walking Jason's
having a go at this so then he's see
anything get us a minion they're
comedians
get better
Oh
oh I'm fired
we're on our way home that was that was
crazy in intent organs today yeah I
think we need to get everyone home so
we've got indi some bits from I'm going
to put Jojo from now on because it's
such a name long name but I just wanted
to show you guys quickly before I kind
of put all the stuff away
look at this hooded like a who did hats
because whenever we put a hat on her she
just takes it straight off this is so
good
she won't even realize it's on there she
needed a new bag for nursery one that
was a decent size even though we love
her Gruffalo back that she has so we got
this giraffe one so cute I just wanted
to show you guys
we're just in a sense because we're
looking for a Christmas tree
we found this roses I think we might
have to get him you can be our Christmas
mascot this year maybe we'll put him in
the blog there's so much in there I've
just seen this guy though and he's
really cool notice could he use the
disaster
