hey everyone I think I'm gonna do for
October I'm gonna see how it goes and
I'm gonna look today obviously and we're
about to leave and go and get coffee
what's new okay we're in town why am i
Clary which got coffee but I just also
like I just got it hey well the life is
not very good yeah so it just we just
puts into town and then afterwards I
think we're just gonna use of logging
okay yeah then after this we're gonna go
back home I've got a bit of time to do
fitting and fit in a little bit at work
and then I'm off to London
we've come into a class Olsson because
it's new
no I would never go so we're in the
serum and we're talking about psychics
and stuff because we got on the topic
became like through my family guide dog
and so I'm saying that it would be
really interesting to go to a psychic
and see what they have to say and when
the subject came on she's like what you
actually believe in that and I'm like
yeah I just think it's interesting I
know I know you that not everyone who
says they're a psychic or a medium
telling the truth and there's a lot of
people that are real out there but I
think that some people do have that
power
all right genuinely I think it'll be
interesting
no it wouldn't it would I think some
people definitely could tell you some
stuff oh let us know if you've gone to
see you yeah and what help has it given
you and these people think that yeah I
am but these people that they pretend to
be psychics or think they are could give
people complete wrong information these
people could live their whole lives with
this information then it could
completely messed it I don't think
they'd want to give in information that
seems like it could be wrong or that it
could mess then I said that I don't
think they tell many things about your
future
people we're stupid what's the point
that's like just just going around the
surface it's not even going in its a
people's lives what is the point of
being a psychic she's all you you might
have
a good day tomorrow but you might you
might not but you mind tomorrow we'll
come back to the cycle okay so I just
got in and I came home to a new me a
package I'm so excited about this I've
got some sunglasses from a site called
shade station and let me show you this
so cute and I got something else to show
you
look also by the way I had my nails done
the other day at dry dry bye they're
just located just behind Oxford Street
so it's really awesome and location if
you're in London or not and I love them
they're so cool look oh my god this is
the packaging how cute oh my God look at
lining more about the details these are
the sunny it's how call away so I link
them down below if you're if you like
them I just love that Mimi cut off you
know design yeah there's another version
of these as well with black sides arms
but I really liked this design and then
this is my beautiful new baby okay this
is my first ever let me switch you
around first ever design a bag purchase
and I if like okay I think I'm gonna do
a whole video on this actually on my
main channel but it's such a big thing
for me I'm just I you know I'm not
someone who was brought up with most
money and like designer bags Oh like
there's just a designer bag over there
in my room like that's not normal
so yeah I'm so happy that I've got my
first designer bag and I went for it was
between Chanel and YSL and deal and
Balenciaga but I went for this one and I
loved it so yeah you're probably seeing
me wearing this bag a lot at the moment
isn't she a beauty oh my god see I'll do
I think I'm gonna do a little bag review
or chat on my channel let's try these on
I don't try these on yet okay
quite call it where don't they like
their unusual okay so I've just finished
editing my video for tonight I hope
you'll be going up tonight because I've
got I've got a meeting in London soon
and then I've broken out so bad this
time a month and then I've got an event
tonight which is at 6:00 so I'm hoping
to then get back home and then be able
to put this video up and I hope it's not
too late I'm just so like I'm trying to
schedule as much as I can that sometimes
I don't know you think like life gets in
the way as well and I try and get them
off as regularly as possible but let me
know if that hinders you like if it's
not a good time of the day or if you
just catch up with it anyway or what you
think because I stress myself out about
like the time that I get videos up and
stuff that's what I've been doing the
last hour or so and I've been taking
pictures to my blog as well and yeah so
I'm about to just get changed and leave
and go to London and the video exporting
is the one where and I posted it almost
snapped chat with me smelling my first
they smell so good honestly if you don't
follow me on snapchat it's only let the
battery's dying know the the my snapchat
is the BT crush which I want to change I
don't know anyway I'm gonna charge the
battery before I leave I'm coming out a
green hoodie wanna go to Dover Street
Market
so I'm gonna do that so on the top floor
there's this half that
be cool
so now I'm gonna be saying that skin
got a few minutes to kill so I'm just
like slowly walking out that
to fill that
I just have the loveliest here
and it was where that cult beauty and it
was so lovely to meet them and I got
some cult beauty bets so I'm so excited
to try out the things and like let you
guys know I think of them I'm wearing
eccentric molecules perfume and I really
like it already and now I'm just in
Spitalfields market and I'm on my way to
hmm Beauty event which is also exciting
if I could find it
everyone's sorry
look
that's quite a cooler than it was but
small in there and like I didn't know a
lot of people so probably met some
subscribers which was really lovely it
was really gorgeous space like they's
the way they decorated it I loved it
yeah I've got some cool shots as well
I'm on my way home I'm gonna go home to
Jason and the boys and go to sleep
pretty much
