I'm on my way this morning to like near
Selfridges I've got a meeting with
lyocell which is really exciting and
we're going to have a look at the waist
on beauty bits and stuff so I'm just
gonna go on the tube and pop out up one
Street mingle around a little bit and
yeah I've been ill so I'm just I'm kind
of like on the on the mend today so if
I'm not totally myself it's because I've
been really ill over the last few days
yeah anyway today should be good I made
it to Pond Street and I'm just gonna go
to I think this whole workshop coffee
just around the corner there and I think
I've got a little break in the middle
and then I'm
so what meeting went really well with
myself and yeah we were just looking we
were looking move it's the counter
and then I was just looking around at
the designer bags and Selfridges
mechanical dream now I'm very poor in
life Park on Carnaby Street and have
some food and yeah then I think we're
gonna head home
the cultivation of it he's still
recovering and have a proper catch up
with you guys
I'll show you guys my outfit today as
well I wound up at I just thought
there's just released this looks so
handy I might get this I thought in case
I don't get to show you guys my outfit
properly I'm wearing this shirt dress
from ASOS which I'm in love with
so pretty my bags from All Saints my
furry shoes are a sauce
so I'm gonna head timeout
it's not feeling tickets it's gonna go
home I'll see the Dukes as well probably
do some work actually before I go home
I've been wanting this faux fur coat see
that one don't really want it or be mine
I'm going to find it
Wow what is this in hmm
oh my god this is dangerous found it
guys yeah
okay so I just got home and I'm just
gonna change out of this shirt just
because I don't want to get it dirty
okay guys I think I'm going to be
showing it in a hall soon and I'm gonna
be shooting it for my blog but okay I'll
stop me at the train station and asked
where I got my dress from which is
really sweet I thought I'd show you what
I got today just briefly so I got I love
this it's um the bays dat teak handle
I've had it before and I fell in love
with it and I've wanted it again for
ages so I finally picked it up and I
thought this that um I showed you guys
in store I thought it'd be so handy
because it's not tied into a certain
date you can just use it when you want
and right in what you want and it's
really like easy to use I just picked up
the little Liberty magazine and then you
guys saw the coat that oh my god I can't
wait to wear this coat I think it'll are
we wearing a winter and then I also got
this top because I just realized the
pattern actually I don't usually go for
color as you guys know but yeah I like
it I might say of Liberty print as well
and it's just from H&M also I got this
phone cover from New York from Urban
Outfitters I think it's cool
I think I've got some editing to do as a
way and I'm tired I don't know else to
do today I might just chill yeah we'll
just see what happens I'm going to burn
this now because I can't wait to burn it
it's a really kind of woody heady quite
a strong scent but oh I'm obsessed oh
and I almost feel that I was gonna show
you guys kind of a closeup of my shoes I
don't know if that's weird but you know
they're really cool if I got them from a
source like I said I quite comfy they've
got a bit of a heel which is good if
you're short like me and they're really
fluffy so I'll link a link of a link
down below if you're interested my boys
that Geisler isn't how franklin sits
just hilarious slow just like a little
man hey ring does every wondrous
four-year are you bored of here
okay Franklin's got a trick to show you
all this is your poetry ready yeah Frank
good cartoon
I want to show you guys how cute my
drink is I made a coffee and then I
thought ice on it and then I got these
stores from fetch books very sleepy one
this is my dinner tonight I made a
little random kind of rice quinoa salmon
stir-fry like I always have a spot here
well I'm not always half that okay I'm
just gonna hold it I'm gonna go to bed
now but I'll catch you guys probably
tomorrow I'll probably fail tonight and
then edit this get it up cuz I just
wanna do more looking oh I've always
said a semi B yeah I know
well so what I do more loving okay
hopefully this Hills overnight
goodbye morning today we're gonna go to
the woof world
look how bright is we're going to the
Waffle House Breck for breakfast I can't
wait for a coffee and then I might come
back home and just get carry on walking
I'm not sure hello little Royals we had
a really nice breakfast a nice healthy
one and trying to be healthy after being
away and everything I had a really bad
kind of whole month with food just
finished filming two videos I did a
favorites video and a whole video
because I bought so many things recently
but I bought color look that's like a
colorful coat there so yeah I'm excited
to put both up but yes I'm feeling a
little bit ill now again like I think
I'm not used to talking so much and you
know when you're filming and you're like
constantly talking and it kind of hurts
my chest but yeah I thought it was gonna
happen now I think I might just go and
do a bit of it I look so right don't I
oh it's on as difference huh I think I
was on a different setting I don't know
I just have to say I'm wearing my
bracelet I've got this little while ago
but I must have put it like in my little
box of jewelry and then I haven't looked
at that box for ages so I hadn't thought
to wear it but I love it it's so much
but you guys can't tell really you know
in the camera but it sparkles so much it
lifts up the whole car with sparkles
when we were driving earlier yeah I'll
link it down below if you're interested
and if I know some people might ask on
my lips I'm wearing max night moth and
then on top and wearing maxi and
lipstick and I'm gonna go downstairs
Eddie and then probably make some dinner
and if anything else happens I'll try to
add it into this blog but yeah I hope
you guys are all really good and I'm
going to try a lot more so look you know
look more I've got a really busy week
actually coming up so this weekend
hopefully we'll be more relaxed maybe I
will vlog the weekend and I want to go
to the cinema as well we haven't been
for ages there's no anything else I can
update you guys with oh I'll show you my
okay I'll show you my area I've changed
a bit it's a bit of rubbish here though
let's move that okay it's a little bit
messy at the moment well not very but in
here um I got where is it the very
covers book right I got this recently
and it comes with it comes with prints
sorry I can't talk so I've been talking
for so long and my head's just fried
yeah so I put that in there now I really
love that so pretty there I've just put
my a Chanel bag there because why not
my vogue covers book which is gorgeous I
bought some books on Amazon recently
then I've got I love this book oh my god
Tim Walker's sorry Tim Walker
storyteller he's one of my favorite
fashion photographers he's amazing I've
had this book for ages so I just stuck
that there the fashion book I got from
TK Maxx I found it for 19 pounds then I
love this as well I got this recently
and it's like a street style book
basically and this books from Kate Spade
and it says leave something to the
imagination I've got my BAE's candle
Kiehl's original mask weekly time to
plan a thing and yeah that's just got my
updates
it kind of office area also if you don't
follow me on snapchat I tried to snap as
much as possible it's the beauty crush I
might change it soon I'm not sure but
anyway I'll let you guys know if I do
change my name on there and right I'll
see you guys soon thank you so much for
watching the vlog and don't forget to
subscribe to my vlog channel so that you
see all my vlogs come in and yep I'll
see you soon
