hey guys this morning I've got a photo
shoot with blogosphere magazine so I'm
really excited about it it's about half
7:00 in the morning I didn't sleep for
anyone at all last night though so
usually this wouldn't be that early for
me but this morning I'm so sleepy
for like crap but I'm sure it'd be
amazing taxis outside so I better get my
Gladrags on and leave and I thought that
I'd film and just see where the day
takes us eh
I'm just doing the makeup chair and her
hi my name is take Mitchell I'm cheese
and salmon today
the widget she's saying I wonder what
she loved
very really well and yeah they're just
sorting out the lighting I think
I really like my hair makeup it was
mainly just blow dried out it's amazing
it's a really nice studio I'm just on my
way home now and so tight but it went
really really well
there are really nice teams kind of work
with the magazines should be out in
October
hey nice I'm back at home as you can see
and I just finished filming my next
lookbook video but I filmed the main bit
of it yesterday and then today I've done
the close-up bit so yeah finally got
that done which it's good it's gonna be
like an also winter trend trends / kind
of current lookbook and I think we're
gonna order some food now because I'm
starving
really thirsty actually and yeah just
gonna chill hey guys it's friar saturday
and yeah I'm sorry I haven't looked
since my shoot everything's just been
really nuts because we're going away in
a few days I've been trying to schedule
so I've mainly been kind of working and
stuff since the shoot there's no Riley
so I'm just getting ready because we're
going out tonight I thought it would be
really cool to vlog because tonight
we're going to a boxing match at the o2
arena we're gonna go and watch Reis
Blasi fight who is one of Jason's
friends which is really cool and I've
never really been to a sporting event
before so it should be good and yeah and
then there should be like an after-party
thing as well so we're planning to go so
let's Riley get out
I've got half an hour I'm not ready at
all
but I just put the video as well my um
awesome trend lookbook so check that out
if you haven't seen it if someone said
they've loving these shoes from it ok
I'll go get ready
one is smooth
tell ya about the six rounds of boxing
then we just came out of the main event
and it's quite late so
Safari
something happened I get some timings
something so yeah
hey guys
tomorrow morning against me
we're having some parents we kind of
forgot to get dollars so yeah we're
doing like the last-minute run and I'm
going to take the dogs over
hey guys it's Monday morning now just
the day after what you were just
watching that was yesterday and I just
wanted to say sorry this book was a bit
sporadic honestly this week leading up
to going to New York has been really
kind of nuts and yeah I wish I kind of
have been able to put more effort into
this vlog but I really wanted to show
you guys like parts of my week anyway I
hope you liked it and I'm so excited
because in about an hour I taxis come in
to pick us up
Jason and I I'm gonna give you going to
New York and I'm going to be vlogging it
but it's gonna be going on my main
channel and I'm so excited just contain
my excitement I love going to America
it's one of my favorite things ever to
do in life everyone there's just always
so kind of obviously not everyone but
you know everyone is it was just really
happy you know everyone's really kind of
funny and I don't know it's so different
to like I love London but it's different
and and it's gonna be Jason's first time
going I'm gonna be kind of going with
kills and kills are going to be showing
us the I think it's the flagship store
there and yeah also what what we didn't
tell you on the night because it was so
crazy what you just watched the books
and part of the video we got about half
way from our town to London which is
like a 20 minute train journey and we
realized that we'd forgotten the tickets
to the March so and there was no other
way to get in because Rhys had got the
tickets for us and he won yeah so we had
to get to Kings Cross then go all the
way back to our town then go all the way
back things cuz literally run - not from
there but like run everywhere we could -
the o2 sensor and oh god I need to
shower I haven't showered yet grace yeah
and then finally made it I had likes
Splinter's know I had blisters and stuff
from the running but it was a really
good night anyway I'm all over the place
ain't ya I've just seen also that Esther
days won the
a beauty blogger blog loving award which
is so good Congrats to Estee she's
definitely someone who deserves to have
that and I wish I could have gone to the
blog loving Awards it's in New York and
we're going like one day late if we went
yesterday I could have gone to the
awards that would have been really cool
via and recently I feel like I really
want to kind of socialize more with more
you know like the other bloggers in the
UK and I feel like I feel like it used
to happen so much more back in the day
and I think it's like a mix of my I
think like my anxiety and thing as
things for me it's got so much better
but I think I still do have a bit of
like social it's socially you know and I
get really kind of I don't know like I
think that's the reason why I don't kind
of organize it or I don't know but yeah
I really want to do that I want to see
the other girls more that blog and
YouTube as well because you know like
I've said before you do get kind of
stuck in a rut of being on your own
inside so yeah that'll be cool and
anyway what am I talking about if you
want to see my time in New York
keep your eyes peeled on my main channel
and it won't be up for a little while
bar let you know I might do a little
vlog for this channel let me know what
you think and I'm gonna upload this now
or schedule it for tonight so that I've
got to look up for you guys and do
apologize for not vlogging as much as I
used to hopefully I'll get back into the
swing of it and I've gotta get ready
I've gotta go I've got so this is like
my hair stuff ready for me doing my hair
for the airport this is my airport out
fare I think taking my graph feedbacks
it's amazing and that's all just mess
and I got a new light by the way yeah
also if you want to see what I'm getting
up to in New York before I post videos
and stuff you can always follow me on
Instagram know me on snapchat I'm gonna
be snapping stop stopping as much as I
can because I love it and yeah I love
longer playing trips as well
right thank you guys for watching this
vlog and I hope my next book will be a
lot better and I will see you guys soon
probably in New York
