so today I'm going to my hairdressers
which is Yanis hair sanctuary and
Ruislip gonna get new hair so I'm really
excited and I can't wait I'm going
longer again and I'm going like a
different shade she's colored it for me
this time I usually color it myself but
then it does end up coming out the kind
of orangie and brassy so I'm really
excited to see how they've colored it as
well and I don't have much time I've got
a grab breakfast before I go and that's
it so I can't make show you a complete
outfit of the day so I'm going to put a
jacket on but I'm just wearing this
Beach actually from Topshop and I just
tucked it into my jeans which are eight
hours and my new love blue eyes are City
croc bag I love it okay I'm late oh my
god m25 this traffic the whole way I'm
so like traffic stressed okay so I'm
just having an anti first treatment done
on my hair before we do the all the way
from the extensions everything just so
just like what's left out it's more
manageable and kind of blends more with
the hair so yeah all nice and chilled
mal was really stressed before because I
don't want to be really late yeah I've
got this contraption on my head
we're finished thank you it looks so
natural it's not focusing okay okay nice
it has a bit different yesterday because
it's next morning and yesterday I was so
exhausted and I was kind of a bit
stressed and everything because I just
needed to get home because Jason was
here on his own and he's had a really
big neck cooperation not long ago so I
was just a brick I know not in a good
state and then yeah when I got back we
got pizza and watched the social
networks hadn't seen it before and look
at these brows and went to bed and it's
Friday morning so I thought I'd make
this a two day thing but I just wanted
to really wanted to film getting my hair
done and Nana did it's so nicely she
blow-dried it with a curl and everything
but this morning I've gone for a run
I've done a bit of yoga and I've
showered so some of the curls of the
hair come back but I'm gonna try and
work on it again and I'm not sure what
it has changes color because I was gonna
go a bit lighter so I might highlights
here I'm not sure yet but yeah the hair
Oh link down below where the hairs froms
I've forgotten the name of it now but
yeah a big thank you to Nana because she
did such a good job
and I'm really excited to have any
hairstyle so I'll do the hair and it
will look nicer it's just cuz I've just
kind of working off it's the morning I
think I hear Jason a shower at the
moment I've ruined my coffee if you guys
didn't know I don't know if he's tweeted
what he had his act he but he's had a
disc replacement in his neck so it's a
really big surgery
he can move around the house and things
we can't lift pretty much every he only
left really light things so most the
time I wanted to be here because also
looking after the dogs as well like when
his own that's not good and because
freken's so strong so I am gonna have a
bit of a half work half chill day I
think I've made a cup of coffee which
was spilt it whoops we've got these I
love this this they're these cups and
saucers I think a lot of coffee shops
use them as well I think we've got them
from Amazon so I don't them down below
if you like them because I really like
these I've just stacked who makes such a
mess but they look cool and I've been
watching Amy Schumer on YouTube and
stand up and stuff I love her she's just
the best she's so funny anyway I'm gonna
go and tidy the clades room hi everyone
okay just done my hair and that kit
so making Jason a coffee
we've been loving this coffee machine oh
we're running out of beans actually so
we're gonna try and make good coffee up
we're going to Nando's it's like really
excited Kirsten whooping okay but before
my operation
it's sunnier today it's been really
raining it was I want to move to
Los Angeles Oh Dan the batteries what do
you guys think about us moving to LA
it's an idea I asked in my Instagram
post if you guys wanted to leave a
question for this blog and
it was a good one yeah well nice go that
 there was yes
No thank you guys for your lovely
comments about my hair
yeah like I said I don't know whether to
lights enter someone's asked about you
bloody superpower I have a new idea for
Go Go I have a new idea it wouldn't be
it wouldn't be advisable I have a new
idea for that it's might have this evil
power it's the worst no oh my god now
it's mind blue phone oh yeah that's
better
that's cool that's better but why what
happens you're really I just imagine if
you could do that mind control to bear
microphone pretty good yeah the old sir
no change on the world
yeah it's not as good as refilling
though is it they're very bare that one
what's the best thing you've learned
learn shapes
what's the best thing I've learned for
them um that state is tasty the best
thing I've know I think
always see the bright side anything hey
guys sorry about yesterday the camera
just ran out of battery while we were
trying to answer your questions such a
fail and then we went to see straight
out of Compton which was so good
whoa what's going on with the night I
loved it I found it really interesting
and really well done and just it was a
really good film I've really liked
really really really really I enjoyed
just knowing all about NWA and
everything that happened and yeah it was
good and then he got home then we got
Indian takeaway and we can enough
takeaways recently because I'm I can't
always go out into a massive shop and
Jason still recovering so it's kind of
like a bit of comfort and it's just a
bit easier and stuff but I'm feeling
bags I've have so many takeaways
recently anyway and then we went to bed
woke up and got ready and we're we're
gonna go to home sense because I've kind
of rejects my office room a little bit
and I just want some storage stuff and I
love looking the HomeSense anyway it's
just like milling around you know when
you're at home since you just pick up
the stuff that you would never evolve
and you don't really need but you're
just like yes I want to say that I've
got on Tanya bears oh okay I forgotten
the name of it I'll put it in the video
I'll put it down below but I really like
it it's this kind of mousy you know what
kind of color is that's what it cuts out
so I'd like to carry on by the way okay
I thought it needs the name sunglasses
is so long I'm so happy look at that
no it's so cool look how big they are
look like a bug
I leave it exactly where I came from
the question was that the Krishna's
answer was
most Jason and I was saying that it was
to kind of appreciate the small things
and if you're feeling rubbish or
something - there's always something
that you can feel good about yes
someone's asked randomly about how do I
get rid of ingrown hairs I've not been
it happens a lot not to me but in
general when I yeah but it happens with
women when you work good so I think the
best ways to get rid of them is to I
mean to physically get rid of them you
squeeze them out usually using tweezers
or but I think the best way to kind of
prevent them is by exfoliating the area
I think before you ask I haven't been
like for a while a one-off waxing yeah
about five babies it's really hard as
they change along
one is the help I love that film
I like the strangers
I like Goodfellas this is usually my
favorite thing to talk about yeah
just say so so difficult times
you can't ask pressure Space Jam is up
there my god this is nose meet venture
us the first job ever my first job ever
was at game I don't know if there any
games laughter --chili do you know if
they shut down I know that they really
shut down a lot after the recession
it's still bad yeah that was actually
not the worst job ever right I hated
working in River Island more it was
quite I really liked just learning more
about gaming and talking to I just want
to interesting and the people that come
in would really geeky like there's fun
goodness any chance of someone trying to
keep a healthier diet so I think so say
if you haven't thought about your diet
at all when you're kind of like we're
not before I started change my diet is
because I was just eating everything my
mom would give me and that's normal
right when you're in a
with your family and stuff so I think
the first things I tried I try to change
we're just switching the white cops to
brown Cup with more complex carbs and
whole whole things
yeah sugar really is bastard and it's
hidden so many things they come out of
course I feel if you are eating a lot of
deep fried and fatty food it's not that
yeah just cut down on it and the fresher
meats fish it fishes these fish salads
rice but just not really heavy things
it's the bits that in between those for
me personally snacky
cut discuss knocking out and replace it
yeah I'm talking about cut sneaking out
with like replace necking with yogurts
and hey guys I just run up the stairs on
my breath I'm about to go make dinner
I'm gonna make spaghetti carbonara and
look at my hair
we were watching Micky Flanagan his
stand-up so anyway I thought I'd flog
while I make food this candle from
HomeSense pumpkin cheesecakes and gave
me a slides about one's own but Jason
doesn't like it very much but it's quite
intense also I bought hair dye so I'm
gonna die light in the color but not
Lowe's just a bit bit higher because I
think it goes with my skin tone a bit
better grab my ingredients okay I've got
wine and some wine to drink while I do
it I've got pancetta spaghetti double
cream four eggs I'm just gonna measure
the parmesan and yeah I'll try and show
you how it as I do it but it's really
really simple and I
for living Nigella's recipe online
grated cheese so I'm just cooking the
pancetta with some white wine and some
garlic and I'm just about to put the
spaghetti okay got the bit of parmesan
I'm ready for topping off I got nutmeg
that I'm gonna grate on top a little bit
that's the cream and eggs and parmesan
I've got a little sad sailor I've got
two big old balls this is the pancetta
and wine reduction I think you call it
and I'm just waiting for my sprig FD
he'll be done and I feel like this looks
really boring so far so I don't know
whether to kind of carry this on until
tomorrow this blog because I feel like I
haven't talked much how are you all
I feel like it's been forever because in
the I beat the blog it was such a kind
of crazy few days so I think it's
probably talk and stuff and yeah but I'm
gonna leave looking more so yeah let me
know what you think of the hair but also
please remember that iron feelings and
most comets have been so nice that
someone like no it looks so much better
with blonde like it's raining we're just
throwing up for the sea everyone has an
opinion it's just some people were doing
really horribly and I'm like oh it's
dynasty I'm a subscriber who worked
there sorry that was really nice she was
really sweet
now I'm containing the cream and eggs
mixture in
little white foster there I'm not sure
there might be too much register
is this mr. Feeley in the area and I
finished you look pretty good
that's pasty on top so dyeing my hair
yeah I do it so I was just I thought
these the be blond
I said I usually get the strong one
that's not the strong one but it's
liking really well and then I'm gonna
use like a kind of bash brownish shade
glorious out now hey y'all it's Sunday
and our friends and Ella and my lower
here because we're shooting for N&K and
I look studio room so I just show you
what's going on so this is our little
studio room I don't have showed it Shana
cheek before but yep we've been shooting
Riley's trying to guard a bone I think
Franklin's bonding
