hey guys so it's about six six something
I'm just going to go and see if I can
find Victoria and the other people on my
flight this morning and yeah I need some
fear that instant coffee but really
really excited this is my travel outset
and I'll try and show you in a mirror of
that quite like it it is gentlemen
welcome to Ibiza with a local time here
is approaching ten past eleven just got
to the bit I'm saying it and it looked
behind me it's insane and then you can
see the sea over there somewhere
look up we're we're just gonna go and
chill by the pool upin say I have the
Hornets bikini before actually it's from
River Island you guys wonder oh my god I
just Frances so pretty they look you
guys see the size of it
and the stomachs down there I just come
out of my massage it was a full body
massage and I think it was like quite
deep one and detoxifying and I feel
amazing I fell asleep a few times which
is really embarrassing I was probably I
think I like snored myself awake and
worship my head or something I don't
hardly remember it was so good a much if
I can find out the like the details of
the lady that did it I'll put it down
below because she was really good gonna
go back out in the Sun and bathe sitting
down for some lunch
hey I've got muscles
select me hair today just looks terrible
I don't know what's happening to it but
had dinner it was really nice my muscles
are tasty small but tasty and we're just
going over great over there now and to
go and sit over there
have some drinks take some photos and
it's so cool because all of us like get
each other because we only you know want
to take blog photos and stuff just don't
make sense but yeah it's so nice on this
beach it's so muggy though I don't know
if it's just today or if I feel like it
hasn't been muggy when I've been in
Ibiza before as much but this is my
outfit so if you see it properly
they'll be pictures on the blog
stay two just woken up it's a barrel
well that's about ten to nine we're
going to be doing a yoga class at nine
and so exciting often really excited
about the yoga since like since the hole
yesterday and so yeah a lady's coming to
the villa to do the class with us and
yeah what I'm wearing
is my top this one sweaty Beth do you
think oh I remember I think it is and
then my bottoms are from keema from ASOS
and it's really nice and cool at this
time in the morning that's probably that
probably sounds obvious but it does get
boiling later look at that gorgeous view
in the morning it's kind of light
falling on there everywhere just
realized I haven't shown you guys the
dinner how I don't think I have okay so
we're in mine and Emma's room at the
moment we're sharing we've kind of
messed them up but it was gorgeous it's
still gorgeous I've got a Reyno bathroom
so use the murse but you know how it is
and then oh god another bedroom and then
I study the stars up getting living
room/kitchen hello let's make out Hey
I think upon here's the view I have get
ready ta go and that's up so let's get
cracking just finished our Jager and it
was so nice I'm going to link down below
the yoga instructor suit there the
Heureka instructor she lives out here
and she was like she was just really
lovely like supportive and made it
interesting as well and like we did I
did so a few new things which is always
really fun and yeah for really energized
so I think I'm going to take a quick
shower we're gonna have some breakfast
I'm gonna go to the boat I've got a
massive bite on my neck don't think
you'll be able to tell but it's swollen
up it feels like a golf
hey we just got hair just going onto the
boat looks amazing
Oh
we're just taking probably up a bit
crazy but I just won hopefully can hear
me I don't think I've explained why I'm
here sorry my hair looks crazy I just
wanted to explain like why we're here
and stuff
we're here with skincare specialist and
facialist Teresa Tommy it's just such an
exciting trip it's been really chilled
out really lovely is so nice to meet to
read that and just chat with her and so
you know more about skincare I love like
learning up anything about skincare so
maybe I've ever wanted to detail when I
get home or something and on about what
I've learnt and everything but I think
also I'm going to ask her a few bits
about you know what her main tip and
also for my skin type so you feel my
skin tight tone or you know whatever it
might help you as well so that would be
really good so yeah we've been on the
yacht for a few hours and soon we're
going to get ready and go out for dinner
which is so exciting it's just been
really enjoying and soaking in I be
there and chilling out and taking photos
there's gonna be loads of photos to my
blog so check that out and it's so nice
being here of all the girls it's so nice
having some girl time and everyone's
lovely we get on really well so that's
melting
we just had dinner
ah one-e-and daya she don't speak
Spanish but it was really nice
oh this is all so good we had to walk
Masood we just taken some photos because
here behind us without those guys is
showing you all nodes already but it's
amazing and that rot hey wait let me
zoom in but there's a rock over there
kind of like a little island and it's
supposed to have it's supposed to be
very spiritual give up but give off a
really good energy and I love it
hey guys just woken up
it's Thursday morning it's nice vii wait
for thing hot sunny past 9:00 but a half
past we've got a yoghurt another yoga
session bricked in so who'll get out
after him to get but um yeah it should
be good we really enjoyed the egg
yesterday and then today it's going to
be I think a chill day we're going to be
by the pool in the Fenner and which
would be nice because they are really
cool but quite kind of crazy as well it
was really fun
there'll be more chill today and right
lock it ready
so just have a facial with Teresa and
really exploited I think I've only had
one facial before and but yeah I'm
pretty sure it's gonna be amazing and it
will be good because we're going to talk
about my skin in particular and like you
know what the best thing to do is and I
want to show you guys some of it as well
so my facial was amazing I also have a
massage really good ah okay so so soft
and nice and just jumping in the shower
because I'm off now the girl just came
on til tomorrow but I haven't played
back bit early so yeah I'm doing a wash
get dressed and then wait for my taxi
and I hate leaving now but um it's been
amazing short that's sweet
going to get my voting polls
I've looked on this school going in so
when I thought without the control
my house from brandy melville if anyone
that's adjacent and the cookies if you
are just leave it in your room you know
I suggest don't carry with you you know
your power
