hey guys it's member day it's never fair
spending our money I don't trust the
lyrics it's my birthday I'm 26 years old
I'm starting to feel really old but it's
as old as you feel in your mind and
everyone like whenever I try get alcohol
stuff they always think I'm about 15 so
it's cool initially I wasn't planning to
vlog today but Jason suggested it you
know or asked if I was think was gonna
vlog today yesterday and I was like um
no I just thought well why not because
it's gonna be a nice day and because
it's all someone's at the door cuz it's
my birthday
cuz it's my birthday I don't want to you
know feel too stressed out you know
vlogging and stuff so I'm gonna like
film as much like how to film bits and
bobs and I'll get Jason to film bits and
bobs but yeah I just thought it might be
nice to I don't be nice to look back at
as well
I'll god it's too early it's like 10:00
to 10:00 I woke up pretty well
weird leaks I had a really intense dream
that I wasn't like South Korea and it
was very like it was like I was in The
Hunger Games it was really good um so
yeah I woke up in a bit of it then Jason
gave me his presence straight away and
oh I'm so the older I get it's so weird
I feel like the older I get that they're
actually they're more grateful I get for
presence because the older i get i'm
like no no one has to get me anything
you know i don't need anything
i don't people to spend their money on
me and so i'm I get more kind of like
emotional and like I don't know it's
weird but um I don't have to show you
guys what I was thinking of doing what I
got for my birthday video and I haven't
done one for ages because I don't know
you know a lot of them I guess a lot of
them seem Boesky and stuff and that's
why I haven't done one for a while but I
don't know I kind of feel like doing on
this year but not for it to be boasting
just I just feel like sharing well I got
so and it once over because I might not
but this was from my parents and
Jason's presents are amazing look I've
got this great for gring the I've wanted
this ring for so long so it's amazing
and German I'm candle I'm just waiting
he's making breakfast for us
so yeah just waiting I've Eggs Benedict
and Ono X x-ray I'll say thank you whoa
look oh my god that looks so pretty this
is what I'm wearing today and you guys
have seen this dress a few times before
but I would still love this dress it's
from Topshop and then just my ballet
flats and this bag is from ASOS if it's
still available a link everything I
don't know if the dress still available
so we just got this machine this morning
where I want to come closer in
the stage for us to Express
it was coming oh good okay
shit room now
too far alright girl
No oh yeah that's be worse whoopee thank
you okay so this is soft first it's
really all first coffee we went into
town and got some coffee and last we do
went to a camera shop because we've got
this camera and we got fifty mil lens
for it because we have a massive land
trip before and we're going to try and
do more like film photography so yeah
what else happened
I got a clinic take the day off yeah now
on our way to the Grove Pierce we're
going to go through a lasting tea and a
really exciting that wanted to go
through
everyone's joining so slowly we're not
yeah
so basically deal
then late so we're going out from mill I
don't know where we're going
so it's good be surprised I like dress
up your bed stuff yeah
got our scones and they're in their
stall
oh that's so cute give up Jam learning
stuff lemon curd and closet cream
so frankly might come inside because
he's got this little bone thing and it's
raining cats and dogs but he just he's
staying underneath the chair so funny
you can come in you're gonna come in so
he just got back from the grave and it
was so nice it was really chilled we had
as you guys saw we sat in a kind of like
a separate room but some women came in
sat behind us posed such a nice little
room and I have to say that the staff
there was so lovely like I know
obviously they have to be nice if you're
working there but the guy that served us
I think his name was Tommy he was so
sweet so I think he'll ever watch this
or anyone that knows him but thank you
he just made it really love me and what
else can I say I just got some flowers
sent from gleam that are amazing I'll
show you guys them they're downstairs is
about a I'm sorry what's a hot breath oh
my god the scones are amazing I don't
understand how people can eat like four
small sandwiches and then for cakes and
then scope of like hearts getting for
after like a few bits so we've got a few
hours until I think until we're going to
leave to go up to London I'm going to
restaurant in somewhere in West London
like West End I think I'll try to pace
myself with food though because all day
there's been such nice food and I want
to enjoy all the food but I want to have
room for more food and then tomorrow I'm
actually going to Ibiza so I've been
eating a lot but I kind of don't care I
think before I went on to Israel I was a
bit more like trying to look really good
for the holiday and now I'm just a bit
more casual just yeah and thank you all
so much anyone who's commented who
commented on my Instagram or my Twitter
saying happy birthday thank you there's
so many people that is really hard to
reply back to everyone
nah I think I'm gonna Chiana I need to
wash my hair it's it's looking so greasy
it's actually gross it never usually
gets greasy so I want to wash it peace
out later now so now
go to survey station and we run out time
like to get ready and stuff to leave the
house I didn't have any makeup on and I
just brush and dinamic from the trailer
everything was fine and we're on
schedule
- defeat
Oh
not lovely
hmm I just thought I'd round up this
vlog I'm really tired it's a gradual
time it's for me like 11 something
happened something I'm just getting
ready for a 5 in the morning I'm being
picked up - I can't talk being picked up
to be taken that way because I'm going
to be going to Ibiza and I believe
looking at as well so expect probably
the next look to be that but today's
been amazing it's been so magical and
just amazing and yeah I just feel really
grateful and really happy and older oh
and the sketch was amazing if you
haven't been tried booked a table for
like a special occasion or you know if
you can ever go definitely goes the
artwork everywhere is just like so funny
and quirky and but that the room is
amazing so beautiful it's one of the
most beautiful rooms I've ever had a man
in the staff are lovely the toilets were
really cool they should have loved that
anyway I'm gonna go because I can't
think strikes I'm really tired and I'm
trying to think about packing as well
and it's really kind of complicated but
thank you guys for watching sorry this
is probably going to be a bit delayed
but I really wanted to film today anyway
and hopefully it won't be too long till
it's up and I'll see you guys next time
in the morning
