hey guys so it is Saturday we've come to
Jason's aunt's house like their family's
house is insane I think I showed it the
last time Sherwood or just sit down and
I thought I'd just do a little update
we've just we ate we ate it like midday
today and then we have come here and
like been swimming in the pool and just
like chill and music and stuff it's
really cool
that's why I am I might be saying out
tonight not sure yet and tomorrow's the
big wedding so I still need to choose
what dress I'm gonna like it's just
really bad really close to him but ya
got a turn happening whew oh where did I
get this from I think it's from Topshop
but last year if you wondered and I got
this little I love this but I think I
need to get a better quality one a
little ham a little hands are from the
market and that's nothing so catch up
you guys again soon no they've got a
little gym but not little its massive
for house oh
a little garden amazing
hey oh my god what a cool marketing
selfie then I'll be back and this is the
front door
amazing and this is the pool
easy to yoga well not you overhead stirs
such a whirlwind trip we just grab a
some food and a little bit of shopping
ticket and
hey guys I trying to still look outside
to this blog because last night we were
just we got in it like half a half 10:00
at night so we were so knackered by the
time we got home and just literally
clunked out so um and so which ones say
thank you all so much for watching and
the trip was so amazing there's so much
in in the trip you know it was a lot of
family like seeing all of his family and
everything and there was like relaxing
times and crazy times and parties and it
was awesome I just love like learning I
just love learning about the culture a
different culture and just wasn't hey
just exploring and it was awesome um
yeah really like in a slump you know
when you get home after being away and
it's like but I may be going away in
about one week
for a few days which I will be logging
and yes got to start getting on top of
filming now like usual and the wedding
was amazing I for some reason I didn't
bring my big camera or any camera so I'm
glad that I didn't get like better
footage but it I kind of did want to
enjoy it as well you know I don't want
to film the whole thing I just wanted to
experience it um but yeah another
highlight was Tel Aviv they're all so
fun such a crazy night but the
accommodation was lovely and it was such
a it was such a cool place so yeah get
out I've links are down below go and
check out if you'd like I can't even
talk I'm so brain dead today thank you
for watching the comments will be
disabled because of reasons that I guess
most of you know but the purpose of this
blog is to share with you part of my
life a trip of mine
an experience of mine different parts of
world and that's it you know and a
wedding and just part of my life so it's
nothing more than that but some people
think it may be so that's why the
comments are not going to be on which is
the shanks I love seeing all your
comments and
you know like the interactive with you
guys but yeah I'm sure in the next vlog
they'll be on me anyway I'm gonna go I'm
going to start babbling I'll be back
very soon oh it's my birthday in a few
days I'm so excited maybe I look like my
birthday weekend
um right thank you guys for watching
again and I'll see you next time
mah
