hey guys I'm in Israel and we got here
yesterday we landed at like 2:00 p.m. so
we're staying in Haifa at the moment
it's the first full day
what you did I'm just trimming up
I'm just through it I'm just trying it's
only any reason my face I want to trim
up a bit so we just got back from a day
at the beach and it was very very hot
and we're just gonna get ready and then
go out to JT's Gran's house because
she's doing loads of food they cook so
much that's the plan
we're come out come L beach it's very
lovely and hot and windy I mean it's
good it's windy should I get too hot and
yes we're just chillin in this bit and
there's a really nice little kind of
restaurant path thing so it's going to
going house and drinks I haven't caught
up with you guys it's been really
difficult because because we're with
group and with family a lot so gotta get
in so many weird looks here here but we
must be even rare I sort of feel like
what's with family a lot so I don't know
I just feel a bit a shy to get the
camera and start sticking it in my own
face and talking but yeah I'm going to
do as much as I can
Jonah's say how you like in holiday so
far yeah
to where they've got this little man
made of grass walk see the store man
major but yeah like grass on the beach
thank you I'm like a good I'm liking it
good probably a bit more than sound
before
I can steal my family which is amazing
once a year they get to see them and I
have a brother
two sisters 47 car 59 presidents oh my
god it's actually yeah I've got probably
about twenty to thirty uncle's or not
anyway yeah crazy that's just one side
of the families and other side where
there's actually people we're really
excited for going to a wedding
there's a pre-party to the wedding which
is gonna be nuts
yeah that's tomorrow no that's right I'm
Ellie my lips were it's really really
cool
and I'm getting used to the sound so
that's good hey I forgot to ring a beach
bag and we were in a little shopping
more that you guys saw and I spotted
this and I thought it's so nice so are
you know not going back yeah oh whoops I
left something
I got a cat Brianna Nana what hit it
Oh first try on camera yeah let me look
first
good
this Monday today yesterday we went out
and it was pretty messy it was good it
was like our first night out so did a
film that but yeah what my saying it's
really really hot today and we're at the
Sea of Galilee Galilei so cool we didn't
realize that this is where we were
coming until halfway here so this isn't
the best way to show it it doesn't look
the best from this view but it's really
cool if anyone's been to rise up like oh
I said that it reminds me of a bigger
asset lie though tonight is the henna
what's called the henna party which is
like a pre like a pre-wedding party and
I guess I made you henna and everything
so that beautiful
okay this is the second thing goes crazy
and we will dressed up we are
this is a conditional maraca
I'm gonna be broken
so I'm at the henna party which is like
like I said earlier I promise I'm not
drunk
I've had like two lines but it's like a
pre-wedding party
it's bloody amazing it's crazy I don't
know what's happening but it all looks
amazing
we've got header on my hand upon shades
I'm holding the camera with a hand that
the head is on but are the venues so
nice and the people getting married I
called my aunt and bye
and there's the nicest people ever
jason's cousin if I didn't say it can we
go back in so I'm just filming on my
iPhone because I've left my camera in
the car
but today we're at the south near Sal
here and it's so hot it's so pretty
though it's like this kind of waterfall
such mermaid face
shop cause Jason's burning on their
shoulders so we looking for something
that will cover his chest a bit so I
suggested this that we number full
quarter dress off first
Oh
hey guys I probably look so dark the
holidays go so quickly already I'm at
limit leader Jung Kamel beach camera or
Kamel beach that my shades are it's so
nice it's so hot the henna party was
nuts that so like it's so enjoyable it
was just really cool seeing with the
culture cause it was like a Moroccan and
because the farm oast of the family are
from also in moroccan origin so like a
lot of the party was the more calm way
of doing it which was awesome oh yeah I
just come away from where I'm sitting
just to do a little vlog bit because I
don't know you know what it's like when
your block if you've loved you know what
it's like if you always like people that
don't really you know they don't like
what YouTube and stuff all the time
the last day as you guys saw we went to
the Baha'i temple they got in their book
we went to walk you know the area of the
Baha'i temple it was gorgeous
and then we just got ice creams and then
went to bed
and yeah today we've just come to the
beach oh we're going to go to Jerusalem
today but we just decided against it cuz
we've done a lot of long car journeys oh
my god for some reason and the journey
from here would be about three and a
half hours so we just didn't feel like
doing traveling but we really want to go
to Jerusalem one day and so and then
tonight I think we might go and tomorrow
we're going to Tel Aviv which I'm really
excited for really like ten of them so
that's my little update I'll try and do
them as frequently as possible I should
do alphys days well the nights oh my all
my swimsuit is from I think it's called
bakkoto I'll link them down below
because they sent me this and I chose
owl and they sent me and I loved it I
loved the cause of it as it comes up hi
see I love this
it's really pretty having like a major
chill sesh this holiday so that's why I
haven't looked that much because we've
just been not doing much just eating Oh
but also this has been eros jellyfish
because it's quite windy here it brings
all the jellyfish in you know to the
land so we were over there before me
then they told us not to say that cuz
there's so many jellyfish and everyone's
over there there's JSON there's Jason
I'm in a meeting
first already set for the whole journey
hear more about this
these men are staring at me
ginger lemon honey trying to remedy
myself
this is what I made in my food video but
this is the real thing okay beaten and
now they're going to go and explore Tel
Aviv together with the two couples of us
that kind of splitting up most of the
day so I'm just going to explore and
let's check out the shops and stuff on
it goes to a jewellery shop that we went
to last time when we were here so cool
so what today it's one of the hottest
ages we've been here Oh first people to
go to our Airbnb room and check in and
everything so yeah that and then
so we've been walking around for a
little while and I got this talk I
really like it it's why it's a hospital
and it's men's it's in like extra actual
life if it's really cool for like a
really calm Pete oversized top and
they've got some really cool shops here
and stuff so we just been browsing we
went to a jewelry shop that we really
liked last time I don't have many bits
that we like this time we're just
looking for some we're good to go and
that's the update so they're going into
this more don't know what it is exactly
but they made an amazing chicken dish
last time we were here I don't know if
any of you remember but it's cool so
we're going back in because we've been
like reminiscing about it is a year
spin-off of butchers
hey guys it's Friday morning and we've
kind of just woken up I think it's quite
like actually it's like half 11:00 and
yeah we're just heading out now so it's
our second day in tel-aviv and we're
gonna go I think they've got a guy's
address on market which is like an old
Arabic the old Arabic town like it's not
far from here I think look like a
10-minute Drive and then we're gonna go
to the beach and I think I've been to
tell above then Tel Aviv Beach before so
I'm really excited and then we're going
to head back to the area that we're at
before gonna take you outside the
accommodation has been lovely so we
found this place on Airbnb we were just
like we were just like looking because
we only needed a place for one night so
yeah we did a little search and we saw
this place and like we were like whoa
that place looks amazing because we just
loved the finish of it and everything
it's all of this kind of wreck and stuff
and it's been it's so nice inside is
really spacious and everything it was
really quick and easy to do we actually
didn't book it Laurel before we came so
I was really thankful that they have
space for us I think there's quite a few
place I mean there's so many places out
on Airbnb but I think that's quite a few
places around here so many of them look
so nice
it wasn't too too expensive if I can
look down below this particular
accommodation I will do but I link air
B&B down below pick it's gone really
well so there's so many facilities as
well as that that this little espresso
machine lady I kind of let it out to us
left like biscuits and sweets and it was
really oh and wine it was really really
sweet so Jason's just getting ready I'm
pretty much ready we're going to head to
all to get food first I just wanted to
tell you guys about the room because if
you guys wondered how we've got it or
anything
I don't know if someone else was
blogging it so right I'm going to go
back inside it is insanely busy we've
just come to it as you can see the beach
just like in vataj and Dan
