hey Yao long time no see I thought I
would rob today because I like after
looking every single day for a whole
month
it really like I loved doing it but it
definitely I don't know it's like you're
kind of all vlogged out like I didn't
even feel like looking anymore for a
while so I just didn't but now I've got
a bit of looking fuel back so I thought
that I would vlog well it's getting a
bit late this weekend already what is
this time it's 2 p.m. on Saturday and I
thought why not put today and summer
together do a little weekend vlog so um
what's been happening this morning we
were no no the last night we went to the
amp man and I thought it would be really
bad from the trailer huh but it's
actually really funny if you like Marvel
and you like a good comedy and a bit of
like a fun film so anyway go see that
that's what we did yesterday and this
morning Jason I went to the gym and my
sister Danny's coming over I haven't
seen her for a while
like not properly so gonna go sit in
like a pub garden or something have a
have a little drink but make mostly just
catch ups we haven't should we have
another good old chat for ages so yeah
that's the plan and then Jason might
join us later on in the afternoon I'm
wearing my dress from Miska ideas I love
it I just bloody love it we're really
hungry I need to eat and I'm just really
excited because next Friday we're going
away and I'm oh I just can't wait to
leave this god damn country I like
England sometimes but am I you know like
when you've been here for too long
and you're just like sick over the
people and like summer here is just
miserable for me because I get hay fever
anyway I'm babbling also I've been
wanting to say in a vlog that so I'm
going to go to Israel and I went there
last year and after I posted that I went
I've got a lot of backlash people saying
that I'm a Zionist and that I am
basically saying that I'm supporting
everything bad that's happening around
it you know like obviously there's a
little conflict over there I'm we go
because Jason has family over there
that's it
like he has family there he's going to
see his family I'm going to visit his
family too and get to know them better
and just have a break so so Ozzy will
not dwell on there I'll probably be
instagramming and stuff so I'm not
supporting anything negative I'm just
going to a different country and I'm
going to meet his family and I'm going
to go and enjoy myself in a different
country and that's it so if you don't I
probably put the comments on or off like
last time because I'll probably be
flogging there as well but yeah just
like it's just so useless attacking me
on Instagram like I'm not supporting
anything negative he has family there so
you know we're not gonna not go and hide
a knife that's wrong game on Friday I'm
super excited I'm gonna be going to
Jerusalem as well while we're there and
to like this waterfall place anyway
that's for the next time but yeah right
now I'm just waiting for Danny and then
we'll be on our way to tell and I'll
just watchin grace's like her love books
Valaya video it was I really if it's not
doing the actual video like earlier as
well like what she was talking about so
hey grace but oh my god but and over it
was so hilarious I just wanted to be
with you being drunk together cuz I
would have been so funny I hear a little
doggie outside the door really see how
loose and everyone say hello say hello
Riley Riley Riley hi welcome p.m. it's a
nice it's a little big Arden
and it's kind of busy and it's good
music and look down and we're starving
I've got a Greek salad which has
actually come in a little jar really
unique and buffalo wings yeah
Adam Akito so we had some food and I
think we're gonna go and sit another
place a little bit right alkies it's
just a pretty nice day why not make the
most of it and go to everywhere that you
can and we popped into a shop called
Chloe James that sells the cutest
homewear bits and unlike of making that
my blog as well today so there'll be a
blog post up course London to this day
and we we are planning to go away
together or like a little family thing
so that would be fun so I'm back home as
you can see and what is this it was
realized to see Danny because I haven't
seen I like I said for a little while
I'm falling out of this bizarre to eat
dress I love this dress but I've got
some food bits from M&S we're gonna make
like naked burgers so burgers without a
barn and stuff and have a salad on the
side
and a pic and it probably watch a film
would just relax its assets you know
it's Saturday Saturday night it is about
7 o'clock p.m. I can't talk I've heard
it believe me that's really about it for
tonight to be honest I'll film bits and
bobs and then tomorrow we're gonna have
a little like Jason's little family meal
which is out at like a carvery place so
that'd be good oh my god Carver YZ since
I moved out for my mum's I've hardly had
roast dinner so anything that's like a
roast dinner is amazing to me now
but yeah they can't think of it Oh
actually I can't think of something else
to say look at what I got today from
Chloe Jane and so they've got all these
really cool kind of quirky or not quirky
but just perfumes that I don't see much
in other stores so this one is called
Tokyo Tokyo milk
Marquis de posy dark in everything and
nothing
Oda puffs up number 10
and it's sweet orange pressed petals
desert moss and tea leaves it smells
just amazing
Oh can't explain it preview my holiday
fragrance and then I got this many cacti
cactus cacti it's not real but how cute
my look compared to my hand it's tiny
and we're just making dinner Jason's
doing the burgers been a while since you
guys have seen the burgers got cheese
and pickle burgers from M&S gotta Louie
we've got some pancetta I made a little
salads yeah thank you
if anyone was wondering my plates from
mo Bridgewater he's been really noisy
this evening and having it rolls what is
it
ketchup and I've tied this this is good
might be so we use this big plate thing
for the hub it wasn't good I've been
cooking burgers let's move that on
actually is it insane needs to be this
big like he used to be that the size of
his leg show what you use him nice
so we watched the second Best Exotic
Marigold Hotel hotel and I cut my lip
yeah it was quite funny and I'm really
sleepy it's about almost half 1000 what
yeah I'm just gonna go to bed and chill
go to bed maybe have a bath there's a
spider in the bath though and I'll see
you guys right in early tomorrow
I might be waking up at about 8 o'clock
on Sunday to do hot yoga because I
haven't done hot yoga since OH like
before I got we got tattooed because
it's a bit dodgy to do hot yoga with him
I can expose tattoo so I'm so excited to
go back oh I miss it
yep I'll see you guys in the morning hey
guys so I went to yes so I went to yoga
hot yoga it was really good for the
first like 20 minutes half an hour and I
was really struggling and I couldn't
breathe through my nose so I was like
and then I just feel like what what
something about half an hour into a hot
yoga class then I start
relax start like getting into it it's
really where it takes me that long but
yeah it's about 12:40 and we're gonna
leave in a few minutes to go go and see
Jason's family which should be nice I
probably won't film a lot when we're
there because like I'm meeting some of
his grandparents and stuff I look really
weird feel like I I've just like
accidentally scratched my noggin it's
bleeding you I was just watching tah tah
mah Thailand vlogs and she was talking
about eyelash extensions so I was like
oh yeah I wanted to get eyelash
extensions before we go away so I just
put some in for Thursday so I can't wait
I love having them you just wake up and
you just feel ready like halfway ready
yes what else we doing today pretty walk
the dogs and not short we're doing later
and then all tomorrow I'm seeing Hannah
marks
I can't wait gonna go for some food and
I don't know if I'll vlog or not oh
maybe I will
or if not I'll do I'll take pictures and
stuff
hey we're in Tesla we're just getting
some food within them yeah yeah well
we're gonna get some pins because we've
never laid inside before and it's very
British things so you shouldn't do it no
monster I call them monster now so we
just made some pins and I'm just sitting
outside because if it's in focus
I I need to upload my video which I've
got all ready to go actually to upload
and put links in and all that jazz and
then I want to put a blog post up as
well today so this is my little setup
there's the dogs choking there's my pins
in a massive massive glass because we've
put too much pins in like too much ratio
so we had to pay a big loss this is from
Matt stops when we got tattoos out of it
and I'm gonna get going
in the Sun watching Tyra's vlog
just sitting down to have dinner I'm
very hungry
hey guys so sorry I didn't finish
yesterday's vlog I totally as usual well
it's the evening I just kind of clunk ow
and totally forget but ah damn it the
battery's dying oh I was gonna film
today okay well I probably won't be able
to film today I don't have enough time
to charge this battery and and leave in
time and everything but I hope this vlog
wasn't too short today I'm off to go
meet Hannah Hannah Max and I was gonna
get some footage of it but yeah I don't
know but thank you guys so much for
watching so if this vlog was brief I'm
sure I get back into the swing of
vlogging again properly but yeah I'll
try and really again really soon if not
it will be when we're around holiday and
is that everything I wanted to say I
can't think of anything else right now I
woke up at 5 a.m. and then I was up
until about 10:00 and then I fell asleep
again and then now I feel so weird you
know when you nap when you know after
you nap you feel worse and I feel so
groggy so anyway same old I will see you
guys next time thank you so much for
watching and I hope this isn't a really
 vlog okay
