there
hey guys so it's tattoo day today I
broken out like crazy on my forehead we
are due to go in right now I'm going to
get our tattoos but we're just grabbing
yes I'm finishing off my sleeve which is
really exciting I think I might have a
tiny space F but one that's not pretty
that you know it's not a big deal and
Jason's getting a big skull tattoo
like thumb tattoos yeah I've been really
hungry this morning so
that's why I have any discord now this
should be good we're going to Matt stops
in the one by one store on barracks
one down
one two three four to go this war isn't
I can write a speech bubble this room is
on different day
the place
okay we've come out for a bite to eat we
really got half an hour
and we're in this plane so I pointed at
Jake and I breathe what is always a
break yeah
this guy reminds me of a tick from sons
of anarchy he's looking for a house now
this is really really weird up there we
go
Arnie's gonna move away Roxton
now we're gonna go to cross town zone
arts get cheated we deserve it they
didn't have the Dana to win it so
like an ice-cream
sweet everything after these tattoos
which is so wet because they're quite
smaller heads whoops good with this to
others that I've had which is really
weird
I was drinking months to a little drink
so I don't know if that just made it
worse I got the Hales not Sophie get
bright happy excited it first time
Donuts didn't have my cinnamon I know
hey guys so Jason's getting his tattoo
as we speak
still I think his might take like two to
three hours or so I think it's about
seven o'clock or something what I'm
wearing is really really simple today
just because I wanted to be really
comfortable well getting tattooed last
so many times I've worn like stupid
outfits I get uncomfortable in so this
is just from I think a sauce and these
are from Urban Outfitters shoes are a
sauce absolutely in love with these so I
really want to wanted to catch up with
you guys after my tattoo but we're in
such a rush because we only had half an
hour to eat and everything and then come
back here so we actually grab food
shoved it in and then came back and I
was feeling really like drained and
everything from the tattooing and so
yeah so I'm in the one by one store
which is empty at the moment because
we're running the Tatem is running quite
late tonight and it's so cool in here if
you haven't checked out some Berbick
Street which is kind of off Oxford
Street and is Soho area is this oh poor
like the brick walls and stuff and it's
men some women like unisex clothing they
sell and then downstairs is tattoos so
I'll show you guys my tattoos okay well
I think you will you've seen the
dinosaur
for now I've named him Diablo but I
think that does mean devil so I'll
probably change that name
then over here we've got a bit of a
mandala if I hope it focuses kind of
like a flower design pretty much
finished my sleeve I'm so happy to
finish finally kind of finished my
sleeve cuz I've been working on it from
like working on it for like two to three
years I think but before we go I think
I'm also going to get an owner loan
tattooed on either my wrist front of my
wrist or my thumb because I absolutely
love una loans I've wanted one for ages
and then we're going to go home back to
the dogs this probably won't be one
looks like that it's not very long so
I'll probably put this on - maybe
tomorrow Thursday but I thought that I
would vlog or tattoo dates we haven't
had one for ages
good morning everyone it is
Thursday
I don't like a bit of a hot mess I'm
just like left the house quickly Jason's
gone to the gym
and I've been out again since 5:00 like
half 5:00 in the morning can't get back
to sleep
bacteria pains
I've been editing now I'm just in town
just to get you know coffee and sit
amongst other people to feel normal a
bit and that's it hey Zoe and Superdrug
that's so crazy I'm going to go and get
some bits actually because I think I've
been eat right the phys bar and I want
to try more things I got an almond
croissant because I just need it today I
think that when the change things up and
get cafe Nero cuz why not I really like
their coffee I really feel like sitting
a meeting in the Sun but I don't know
where to do it in town people here give
me the strangest looks for doing the
cooking so just getting some food and a
top
and then I will be head home
flowers yes one of my favorite things to
do is to buy flowers Oh
frankly what a nice bone you got there
look can I have it so we haven't told
you guys will I tweet it but Franklin
had his balls cut off yesterday but he's
doing really well
um when we when Riley had to do it he
did not take it break well or befriend
things right trooper whoa on you oh
what's that
can I have it not supposed to play with
him or anything no cuz his he's got
stitches and you don't want to rip
anything oh I got a few votes
poor little Royals can't go outside with
him because they'll play and that's not
good for him so got some food shopping
my favorite kind of shopping at
Universal but oh so I got this so it's
over I'm so so soaked up for her see
what you did there was a ton time bar
second shower cream I'm really intrigued
esthetics they wouldn't let me open it
in the store I don't know what it smells
like but yet excited for their I got a
new sports bra from whistles
I got a black nail polish because I
wanted to paint when I was black the
other day I didn't have one so gone oh
it's from boy Lottie I've never heard of
that brown before it's a super drug but
it's nice packaging right oh also M&S
come on you two are cute so picnic
blanket then like a neon lime green one
baby when it's on the grass they look
nice I met a subscriber there in MLS hey
and I saw oh and I met a subscriber in
whistles so lovely to meet you guys I
always do this when I end up with my
hand in like Bojangles right Oh ain't
good for everything that I got but oh I
got these because they look really yummy
teriyaki want steak kabobs kebaya I saw
Gabby tweet um that but now she's lost
weight she doesn't feel anymore kind of
it doesn't even make her feel better
about herself like and I totally get
what she means like replies I was like I
toe
what you mean when I was heavier I can't
just wasn't that um what's the word like
aware I was aware of weight but not to
like not a lot you know I was just quite
quite happy and I was just like oh
that's just the way I am then I just
wanted to lose a bit of weight so I've
really worked hard with eating and
working out stuff then I dropped weight
you know over the last years and now I'm
worse with like body image and
everything than I was then so isn't it
so weird
I've probably more confident nah I'm
pretty confident now but I think holds
more confident in the way of like not
even thinking about my weight then so
let me know if you any of you guys have
had that kind of mentality it probably
gets better with time
though no time soon but I want to get
pregnant see that I could just eat stuff
and then I just figure like obviously
I'm not going to just eat crap the
wholesome impecca dome but when you're
craving something you just feel like
well I'm pregnant like no one can say
anything to you so yeah noggin EU love
salad and I'm pregnant I wonder what my
craving to be I wonder if there'll be
stuff things that I don't like that much
now if I start eating mushrooms anyway
lots of veg oh I got beetroot cuz I
never get the rich got quinoa oh I got
this made without wheat gluten free
brown bloomer slices much there oh I got
this jumper I really like this so it's
from M&S but it's from there like this
limited edition yeah
just really nice jumper I just like you
know I'm like with stripes that was 30
quid though quite expensive but good
quality mozzarella balls got some
strawberries X avocados garlic Oh
tonight I'm thinking that I might make
guacamole cook fresh so I might do that
we'll see I'm going to pull this away
and then catch up with you guys I'm so
excited because I've been working with
Katrina from Katrina base design or
Michael
look and I'm so happy with it and I'm
just she's been so amazing to work with
she's just not like complained or
anything about all the tweaking that I
keep wanting to do and stuff and we
finally finished the design so I link my
blog down below I'm very proud of my
blog so check out but let me know right
even if you don't want to read the whole
thing let me know what you think of the
design because I love it and I'll link
her down below or link her Instagram her
Twitter
her blog she has her own blog as well
she's just amazing and so like helpful
so thank you so much Katrina if you're
watching this over saying your name
right this is her um Instagram just so
you know how to spell it
and stuff right I'm going to put all
this away I look and feel like a state
um don't you saw me last I have what
what I've been doing I've been doing a
lot of editing and just you know normal
stuff but also suffering from really
really bad devil parapets yeah it's not
a good day for that really bad I don't
know why so I'm gonna make some dinner
and I'm really hungry they're not gonna
make you what should I have
oh okay so I'm making a book so I start
with avocado that's all my ingredients
okay gonna add some spring onion I
usually do a red onion and you go I put
in garlic but up in lemon and salt and
pepper and fresh tea and I like to add a
little bit of mmm sriracha and it's like
a very messy but it's a messy thing to
make I got some gluten-free
looma I'm going to put that on to toast
hello little man how you doing so I've
got rocket mozzarella pesto balls and
spoon it on and then top it with a bit
of sriracha hooks I'm obsessed
and that's that there one ah Jason's
just using a carpet cleaner but let's
you better work
keep going I've just got out the shower
I just did a little bit of yoga this
morning but I need to show you guys this
delivery it's just probably the best
delivery I've ever had so um the guys
from the cooky experience got in touch
with me and asked if I wanted to this
isn't an ad or anything they just asked
me if I wanted to try some cookies and
obviously I was like hell yeah those
look I want sex with cookies so I asked
for a few sets and ones but they've sent
me a few extra look at all this oh my
god on linkedin down below because they
are bloody delicious these are so good
and some of them are gluten free some of
them are you know the whole hog but yeah
they do a really good selection of a bit
better for you ones and some naughtier
ones and I've ruined they wrapped it
really nicely but I rewrapped it that
day but look oh my god these are small
ones oh look at that oh yeah so sorry if
I'm making you hungry right now but
anyway had to share that with you guys
