hey guys I hope it'll well wait back
welcome to day 7 and I am long overdue a
bit of an update I god so I didn't
manage to get a vlog up yesterday which
I'm so gutted about I hate missing a day
and actually we did get a tiny bit of
footage while we were out we weren't out
for that long yesterday I was just
catching up on work pretty much all day
there was literally nothing to vlog and
then also indie hasn't been very well
recently and then yesterday she also
seemed worse Jace got a tiny bit of
footage so I just show you that now
we're just out grabbing a coffee I
decided to do a bit vlogging well not
bit just now him because everyone's lips
are nice comments on the YouTube like
thank you in these not very well so yeah
I've not also been very well last month
or so which I'll talk about later just
starting I'm just starting up to do some
work again there's some emails and yeah
so we had a delivery this morning or
every aspect fails not every aspect
it looks very attractive so this is odd
well supposed to be a dual eventually
cardboard box to be the exact size I
didn't think about the space look at
this hair
I haven't appreciated don't judge I just
wanted to jump in what's that I just
wanted to jump in this morning to give
you a bit of an update before I kind of
carry on with the day because I've no
idea how this is gonna go but it is
about 1 p.m. and again so it's already
prepared it but I've just been editing
all morning for the rest of the day I
should have Indy with me it might be a
bit of a chill one I hope you guys don't
mind but I feel really good too I've got
most of my work done I need to get a
blog post up as well because I'm lagging
a bit with my blog I feel like when
you're doing really well with one thing
like YouTube the blog kind of fools and
if you're doing really well with your
blog your YouTube kind of fools but
trying to keep on top of everything back
at home I'm getting a bit frustrated
because now that my hair lays flat so
well sometimes it's actually a problem
like I don't like it so flap to the head
because then you could rip like look at
this shape of heads huge alien egg I
lost my head or not like got a complex
about it but just look how round it
makes it look so I need a bit of body
hey I've got quite a few cool oh I don't
even know what's in them but I've got
some packages let me just pop it down so
I like to show you guys what's in those
package
soon and I'm just looking out trendy
really just trying to give her a nice
calm chilled out afternoon I need to
make a little bit of food I had just
like a little salad
but isn't it 3 p.m. so it's a really
weird time to make any food it's gonna
make some scrambled eggs
so I just opened this package and it's a
wreath from J Malone
oh my god I just don't know what to say
it's amazing and it's got little lights
on it okay pop I read your book I will
one second yes we need to figure this
out and figure out how to switch it on
sure it's just this little pack here Oh
oh my god that seemed staged I honestly
hadn't flipped that button oh my god
Indy look empty look look at this you
just want the book hey thank you so much
time alone hey guys is a few hours later
and I'm just making us a bit of dinner
I've not made this recipe before I've
got this cookbook let me grab this it is
the roasting turn it's so good because
if it is so easy is to kind of tuck
everything in the oven and I thought I
would make this naki one it looks really
easy I've had the page bookmarked for
ages
been wanting to do it and like waiting
for a day when I feel cheeky enough to
just have a big bowl of carbs and I
really want one tonight that's what I
make in I hope it happens when you get
going otherwise I've not do anything
today is kind of been a bit of a blur to
be honest and yeah I mean you guys you
haven't really missed too much and I
only wanted to have a little chatty bit
because it's nice to catch up with you
and but yeah Indy's not being very well
so it's it's kind of the first time as
well that she's really not been like a
no no very noticeable she's got a bit of
a virus at the moment I think so
it's really horrible to see the
difference in her and just how ill she
looks and it's you know seems and it's
really heartbreaking as a mum and you
just want to be there for them and like
just cuddle them all day here and so
that's it's not been great but I'm sure
she'll get back to her over the weekend
maybe I have a proper chat later so
don't feel sleepy shotty at the moment
and I never want to force it and so I'm
gonna just put all of this in the oven
also I'm coming on so there's so much
going on at the moment in this household
naki
and we're done turn the brightness down
a bit oh that looks good I'm so excited
I hope it tastes as good
deleting my yeah
today's looks just a big old chatty one
really there's one thing I did want to
have a little bit of a chat about and
it's something that kind of I don't
usually mention all usually I don't do a
lot of it at once and it's like add
videos and jobs that are going up at the
moment because just recently I've put up
a few ads I'm like you know closer
together then I usually dick so I always
like to spread them out and I don't like
to bombard you with too many I don't
know I don't
I just prefer for them to be spaced out
and I think it's the time of the year
that it is any jobs that I'm doing at
the moment I enjoy doing them anyway
otherwise I wouldn't be doing them and I
like really like the brands that I'm
working with them it's not really about
me doing add videos and jobs but it's I
don't know what I'm trying to say I just
hope you guys don't mind that there are
a few of my channels at the moment a few
have come in at once and that's it
really it doesn't mean that it's gonna
be like this from now on it's just
December gets quite busy but it's kind
of mid-december you guys probably know
as well and I've heard other youtubers
talking about it that YouTube's a bit of
it des can be a bit of a difficult place
at the moment like now for youtubers
jobs working with brands is really
important and I'm sure you guys kind of
know about this anyway but I just wanted
to give it a bit of a mention because I
I just felt like I wanted to talk to you
guys about it and address it it's
something that I'm never sure how to
like word and how to talk about as well
I I've just been watching hidden figures
which is really good I received this
today and I'm so excited about what's in
here I was contacted by a site called
fig leaves and I hadn't no she'd been on
there that much before but I was having
a look that they had some really nice
bits anyway let me open it so on their
site they have a lot of lingerie like
sleepwear kind of loungewear and things
like that and then I saw that they do
different brands as well and then they
had ugh and I'd seen people talking
about how comfortable their slippers are
so soft look oh my god I'm such a granny
but I love it
these are so soft
that's just Indies hairbrush I'll link
them down below as with everything
loving life right now something that we
wanted to update you guys on and we're
currently having a sale on November
night so I'll link our website down
below if you don't know it's mine in
Jason's clothing company that we run
together and if you haven't seen it
before just check out the link down
below you can check out our website some
of our favorite pieces are reduced so
you just NAB yourselves a bit of a
bargain the gorgeous LV skirt is on sale
and I actually wanted to include it in a
styling video but we just haven't got
around to it and Jason hasn't really
been able to film recently so it's been
a little bit tricky but I really want to
wear that soon for like a blog post or a
video just I hate being that person but
I just keep seeing my hair and my face
and I'm like oh one more thing for I
probably go for tonight and there's a
new post on my blog and I love the
pictures that me and Michaela will that
Michaela took of me on our last shoot
they're so good and we shot some of my
favorite outfits so far this this place
that I've just put up is about my
perfect puffer jacket oh my god like my
mama my ones from All Saints and it is
absolutely amazing oh I just remembered
I forgot to link some more puffers in
that post we need to go and do that now
before I go to bed um but um I'll link
my blog post down below as well so you
can go check that out don't know if this
will be the end of the vlog if it is the
end then thank you for watching
tomorrow's vlog is gonna be a little bit
different but then back to regular
scheduled program for the vlog after
that
