hey guys I'm all geared up in my outfit
but you probably saw on what you might
see on my festival get ready with me
video so Jason and I are going and we
were going to especially going a little
bit earlier but we've had a bit of the
tizzle this morning so we're gonna get
there later them we thought we were
gonna get there anyway
we are still going so that's cool just
stand in one of us strawberries
oh my hair my hair it's different since
you guys saw me I went for a cup just so
like comfy to wear yeah but just about
ready to leave so that's it
catch up with you guys were on our way
probably I thought I'd show you some bag
essentials I feel like I should bring
painkillers just you know tissues phone
Chaffins glasses powder I've randomly
got these glasses because I sometimes I
just feel like wearing them Oh Sun cream
faith Sun cream from Kiehl's I really
love this stuff so none of its focusing
competes chewing gum glasses more makeup
a passport for ID just in case
mini brush Charlotte Tilbury lipstick
that's about opens inhaler because I
keep getting um hay fever and it effects
my chest and that's that it has got two
keys cross we're just below up in a taxi
it's so warm today and we're starving we
haven't had to cross the usual usual
stuff so I'm creating a concrete wall
across them absolutely and something
healthier so it's the help in the woods
it's one of our favorite places
I mean him to angel sits near Kings
Cross but so he came in roasting it's
like rolling away so I got poached eggs
where that's different
with sweet salmon but this way and
avocado hollandaise sauce to fit three
Park station
it's round look at the other side of the
road this isn't even a cute razor oh my
god funniest thing happened I hope you
guys can hear me but we were just coming
here do a system in this guy was
sneaking across the crowd like this the
line and the pleat and please were
running after him and they were a date
was like should I stop him it was a
criminal and
I don't like no no joke just in case you
got hurt and the people like stop em I
think Jason like stuck his neck out and
chips the guy over and everyone like
yeah pretty proud
yeah yeah I get was so smooth you
decided by I think her main areas up
there are making them put on Sun cream
design firms like there
what burns quickly burns like toast
three no half three point man up on the
top it's over and we're just walk around
to see
Oh
I think it's called campaigning correct
it's like a grade three place and I saw
Prince at the festival and I took one
but we didn't get one so it's so cool
that we stumbled across it were just an
angel we're just gonna head home
this is so good
I got banana with the Nutella
oh so back home and we had a really good
time at the new-look Wireless Festival
thank you to Neelix for having us so I'm
also gonna have a corresponding blog
post up on the day and you can check out
on Instagram as well and as you guys saw
I did an interview with real best and
that will be on the new-look social
channels I'm not sure what day but if I
cannot link it but if not I'll let you
guys know but anyway keep an eye out for
that because it's just always fun doing
interviews and it's it was really cool
it was a really black swan' and it was
fun so yeah it just feel really grateful
to have done it and the new look area
was really cool it was really chilled
and airy and it had a really nice view
from upstairs and they have I think like
a photo booth downstairs and there's a
few cool bits and bobs that you can go
into there so yeah good day
and now then what time it is gutted that
we've missed Kendrick Lamar we had to
come back before then before we wanted
to I would have loved to see Kendrick
but yeah I think I guess instead we're
gonna make some food Jason and I just
got some like some samples back we're
working on new pieces for November night
so that's really exciting as well so I
can't wait to release new pieces it's
just I can't wait because we've been
working the ones that we were really
really stressed we've been working on
for so long that was just itching to
bring out you know more so yeah that's
that for now oh also I wanted to show
you guys what I picked up when we were
an angel eye cells this really there was
a small shop called smug iShares on
efforts called smug anyway the bags are
smug and it's like not far from The
Breakfast Club if you know that little
area and I need a plane a plane page
notebook for like noting stuff oh my god
also this is my brandy melville dress
and I was dyeing my hair the other day
and I got dye on it such a bad mistake
and I've ruined it pretty much I saw
thee these two notebooks I fell in love
because it reminds me of Paris but how
keen is that so I can do notes and stuff
but also I can sketch like design ideas
for November night and the second one
that's the second one and it's metallic
the right thing oh it's so pretty
real paper no rifle Paper Co so cute hey
guys just chillin in my the jungle book
pajamas
we're pretty brain dead we just ordered
some Indian takeaway we haven't able to
take away for a while because we're
trying to be good before we go on
holiday but it's a one-off it's just
Saturday one-off that forget about
forever and we're gonna watch editor Oh
Frank Kazuki my Fit Oh
earlier we um we pretty much do play
dead and like look because he didn't he
never liked going on his front and doing
like me to lay down and I think that cuz
he half had it but he just didn't want
to do it he's stubborn I think he's seen
Franklin do it because after I just did
it with Franklin like the few hours ago
he Riley just did it really easily and
then we started you know teach him to
roll over anyway this is really boring
for you guys face exciting for us
because he hasn't done it for like two
years had a really good day thank you
guys for watching
thank you if you come up to us at the
festival to say hi we met a girl he said
that she's bought some of our clothes
it's just so cool
Charlotte American as well North
Canadian and don't forget to subscribe
give it a like if you liked it I'll put
all my social links below
I put November nights website below if
you wanna check out our clothing
see you guys next time
by these entries
