morning I'm on my way to a hot yoga
class a half a class which is my
favorite type this there's just demon
areas hmm let's do this so what you a
good today was hard very very slightly
but very good and I've just knackered I
it's about my god how is it 1:00 p.m.
like my class was at 10:15 and it was an
hour and a quarter came home showered
blah blah blah got ready and I'm gonna
make some light breakfast lunch it's
good it to me it's breakfast though when
I eat late I still regard it as
breakfast so as you can see I've got my
camera got my ingredients and stuff and
I'm gonna feel miss breakfast for a
video that I'm going to be doing so yeah
so I'll show you guys the finished
outcome and I'm gonna be working on this
video for probably probably a few days
and that's my old I get the moment this
is my finished outcome it's like I won't
tell you what exactly it is because you
can make to the video here but you
probably can guess so I'm gonna eat it
now it's getting cold I've been taking
loads of pictures and the shots
okay so Jason's make him I'm fresh
orange juice with some ice because my
theory is that this is over the max line
and they're too full to fit to juice it
smoothly and properly but the oranges
are so soft and juicy it's just gonna
jam it to shreds and it's just going to
drop okay where should we see yeah
oh I didn't realize you can push down
and twist it and it locks in well where
you say to that yeah that's good taste
test I'm sneezing like her not her a big
loopy is it it's super bitchy you are
like it I don't have to make it good
hey guys it's about half five and and I
know people say like don't worry if
you're not doing anything and stuff but
I just feel like such a failure when I'm
not doing anything in the day like a lot
of my days are just like they're either
in London and stuff alright I see I just
I just find that I put a lot of pressure
on myself because you know when you're
scrolling through YouTube and a lot of
vloggers are kind of always doing stuff
and like always really really happy and
I'm just not always happy and I know
that they're probably not always happy
but the way it's kind of feeling bit
emotional for me because I'm on my
period just sometimes I get like I don't
know what to do with myself like like if
I've got breaks and work or something I
just like I like getting out to work
going outside to work and stuff and like
just going outside to be around other
people and stuff that and then it same
time I'm like oh like right now I've got
a rebound headaches also oh I don't know
whether to go outside except already bad
headaches and I thought make it worse I
just don't know what to do myself I
don't know what I'm saying I thought I
just thought so come into my head and
I'm just speaking but um I just want
people to know that
I know that doing YouTube looks all
glitzy and amazing and loads of money
and everything I mean you can make
really good money from YouTube and I'm I
everyday I feel so lucky that I can make
money from YouTube and it hurts to be my
job and and it seems like once you start
YouTube you were like being a I don't
know you like you'll be in this like fun
group and you'll be happy all the time
and it's just not like that honestly I
just like that for some people and
that's brilliant I find it really
difficult to kind of just one measure
myself into a group of people and form I
don't know I just when I was growing up
if you tried to like a really pushy to
make friends then you were like a beg
friend sort of people still say that but
it's like you're just like annoying like
so I think I'm a bit I don't want to
like push on people too much to like be
friends with me and stuff don't this
makes any sense and a lot so a lot at
the time doing YouTube it had me pretty
lonely like I have Jason and I have the
dogs which is so good I love them I love
Jason to bits I love the dogs to bits
but you know sometimes you need more
outlet and more socializing so sometimes
I just feel a bit down so that's today
so I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm
just feeling a bit today and say
that's why this vlog isn't like okay but
I just wanted to say that some youtubers
don't have tons of friends it's not
always like I'm doing something
something or someone all the time Jason
or I've been looking at my office spaces
and you can kind of rent a desk space
and go a few times a week which i think
is a really good idea because we're
talking about the other day about how
like there's not many people around for
me to talk to and stuff and you most
people at a workplace they've got other
people too I don't know you know like
them to where then you know talk about
each other's problems a little bit it's
kind of healthy and I don't have that so
yeah we might do that soon maybe like
next month so that'd be good
like you know just getting out there
better than being in a normal kind of
workplace so you know if you're thinking
of doing YouTube and it for it to be
full-time I think especially if you're
someone who is maybe quite unstable like
I'm not majorly unstable but I get
emotional a lot more now than I used to
do quite a few years ago and if you're
someone that might get quite down by not
being around people a lot then just have
a think about it maybe kind of prepare
yourself for that because YouTube doing
YouTube is very it's very secluded
anyway I know this is my problem like I
don't know it's just so boring please
listen to it it's my problem obviously I
should just push myself and I always try
and push myself so it's not like I'm
just saying god I'm not even bothering
because I do try you know to like go out
and meet people and stuff that just
bolts and I just think why not I have a
little chat rather than not tell you
what is on my mind and then just saying
I'm not done out today sorry you know so
on this kind of note let me know what
you do if you're feeling a bit crap and
you do somethings like to your cell
phone because that'd be really good
tonight like usually I try to go a
little walk or something or what some
YouTube videos cheer me up or pissing
music on and stuff but I think I've got
enough things I need some more ideas
what do you do
see cheer yourself up do you know what
I'm gonna look at some snaps does Junior
Toki Toki Royals he's like shut up bitch
hey rose
Riley anything say in the vlog - this
what's this running like shut up
oh thank you
what says DaVinci's this really cheers
me huh like I've got friends hmm well
I've been watching Caitlin Moran as well
she's like when she was doing one of her
interview she was talking about how in
because she's written one of the I think
the latest but that she's read said it's
like fiction and it's about a girl and
like she talks about how she make the
girl in the book she made not to have
like this group of friends who she
always relies on and stuff to get
through life and like to push her foot
because she said but like when she was
young she didn't have many friends and
stuff and not all girls have a group of
friends and I was like thank you it was
one of the first people that I've heard
say that you know what I mean it's it's
almost like the media but you know films
and books and everything kind of make it
seem that obviously most people do you
have a group of friends but they make it
seem like if you don't have a group of
girlfriends that I don't know that's
really up norm or like it's just they
make it seem really normal to just
always have a group of friends to fall
back on and sometimes in life it doesn't
end up that way and yeah I just I just
relate to cut them around and show you
anyways just yeah I feel I've been
watching so many interviews of hairs
it's just really nice to have someone
talk about real things and just not
talking crap it's a little pull get off
I've made myself a little cup of tea my
new mug this makes me very happy on its
own and I've got oh no five-second rule
and I have a ginger biscuit because if
captain Moran's taught me anything in
the short amount of time that I've been
following her its if you think you're
having a mental breakdown or something
you just need a cup of tea
biscuit anyway yep she probably will be
my new obsession and I just won't sharp
like when I started what she lost her
brand again knows like we're all so
proud everything as muscle crab
so that's it not much to report today
but tomorrow I'm going to be in London
again okay that again hopefully should
be a bit more interesting and so I'm
just making dinner just pan frying some
salmon and some veg and that's about it
and this is gonna be my one it's lentils
and salad say this is my finished dinner
yes I think I've already said what it is
but I added tomatoes and I added my
raspberry basil sauce and that's it
pretty plain and Riley's been naughty so
yesterday in the kitchen
hey guys so this is confusing because
it's the day after you're watching this
vlog but I just wanted to sign it off
but also let you guys know that the
bardo dress the November night part day
dress is now available so you can go on
the website I like it down below and
we're almost out of them in size small
but we've got them left in the other
sizes so yeah just go and get your hands
on one if you really liked it if you
really liked it
go get your hands on one before they
sell out because they do sell out really
really quickly so yeah trying to let you
guys know that because I said that I
would let you guys know so every wife
I've tweeted I've instagrams by thought
while I'm doing flee and I can let you
know as well and so thank you guys for
watching and summer look is going to be
a lot more upbeat sorry about this one
and I'll see you tomorrow in the last
balloon bye
