Hey
having cookie in a crystal
how cute is that blood pop little things
I'm just editing and sitting it's really
nice today
then half the pages didn't realize have
just been doing yesterday's book but I
feel quite chilled and stuff so I'm
gonna go and get property no no
yeah caramel example we also got the
caramel wafers cuz they're just amazing
but I didn't realize it would be this
good though it feels like carnival and
when there's massive days in London like
there's no cars on the streets and stuff
I like when people have out me it just
makes it fun happy don't into boots to
get some deodorant
just met some subscribers what's your
name my mother girl
feels like carnival
I'm on my way home I thought I'd say hi
before thank you guys for watching we'll
see you guys tomorrow
so it's Sunday and it's the half won
yesterday's look what you guys already
watching it so yesterday's book was so
sure that I just thought that I'll
attach it understood this is really odd
Tuesday to you today yeah it was nuts
yesterday it was so like how the markets
not so it's just so kind of chilled
Sunday for us we're just gonna go and
get some food then we're gonna go and D
oh we need to get a nutribullet which
like I've heard of neutral it's for
months and months and it's also bus per
Jason's gonna do like healthy eating it
was like planning a full week
nutritional plan yeah in in the diet
there are smoothies and I said well the
nutribullet is really good because it's
really practical and easy to use anyway
so we're gonna get that and we're going
to just do futures your brother should
be paying for this okay
no but you'll never know I have all this
for ages I mean I've never really worn
it
so it's green blazer but I like it
because it brings my eyes out anyway
so in this kitchen shop and I'll
obsessed with these mi Bridgewater marks
but because there's a back that you
can't really see them properly but I
love this one it's so cute so we're
going in to testify but we've only got
14 15 minutes until it closes and
there's a cute I've never seen that
before
on a Sunday anyway
yeah the devil lady visitor this is the
brother get if anyone wanted very night
of June what's the date today
there's one to take the dogs out for a
walk I'm putting away all this shopping
the shopping so Gaby and I've just put
our videos live when I main channels and
so online it's say June and beauty and
style favorites and on Gabby's channel
it's non Beauty June on Beauty favorites
so I'll link my videos down below if you
wanna check them out
and you own for the excited that they're
up because I get really excited to want
to upload to collabs because it's just a
whole different dynamic and it's just
exciting so I'm quite kind of happy at
the moment I'm hungry again and thirsty
and I've got period pains I just want
more teasers and tea and painkillers
what eases are kind of like painkillers
oh I've got an idea for a video for my
main channel which is a foodie one but
it's to do with breakfast and I kind of
want to make a breakfast for dinner so
that I can film one of them tonight cuz
I love breakfast food for dinner anyway
but ah but I don't know because I might
have this pasta so yesterday like when I
was filming at stuff that my battery was
running low and I was so knackered
but I went into Whole Foods with my mom
and she never been in before
Wow but she was like oh what is all this
it looks amazing
we're not like yeah I got this gluten
free buckwheat pasta but it's really
good for you it's buckwheat's actually a
seed so it's not actually full of wheat
and then they also got gluten-free rice
and millet no I got the wrong one
oh I think got the wrong one
crap I almost I love these kale chips
this one's beetroot and ice roller and
this one for my favorites ever wasabi
wheatgrass kale chips
well oh I also got this snow cool I love
food halls though I love watching other
people do them I got this naturally
righteous raspberry and sweet basil
dressing because it looked different and
interesting here's our nutribullet yeah
very excited very excited also today
they went into your holiday back don't
he'll say this either baobab baobab
powder for sweeties and everything sits
like a superfood super fruit powder so
yeah that should be good for my skin etc
and fatty canned stuff which is what I
need
actually I didn't take a and histamine
today and I feel a lot about seer and
like I've got more energy so I think it
has been the antihistamine need better
aunty has been pills and look at my new
blog oh okay it's gonna unwrap it so
tell me this isn't the cutest mug that
you've seen or one of its by Emma
Bridgewater it was 20 pounds which is
stupid but it is a gorgeous markets like
hand-painted and everything so
this makes me very happy
an organized fridge are them if you guys
find it interesting what's in fridges
but I do
I found this fresh spinach and I got
very very excited about it and I would
put it in the veg section but it's full
because I'm because I'm gonna be using
it for my videos I'm making stuff fresh
mint for mint tea yeah think you've seen
well the rest of it's probably quite
boring so it's about half seven I'm
absolutely knackered
I've been just like doing housework
since we got back basically I'm gonna go
onto the video now and check the
comments and stuff or just oh my god I'm
like losing steam need to eat I think
not much to report just a lazy Sunday to
be honest but hopefully of today and yet
stay together that it won't be too much
for bad flog oh my god I can't believe
there's only two days left I think I'm
just gonna go downstairs soon check on
the boys see what's going on down there
hopefully they haven't trashed the
downstairs it's like cleaner but it
doesn't usually take very long but using
the new chip in it for the first time
and trying to figure out it's really
easy you just put it on and then press
down and it just whizzes are they doing
the crapper ease oh sure has anyone seen
that banana meme where we never eat that
bit okay this is off first go
I think
looks pretty good I want to get rid of
wish and then you don't you just lift it
out ingenious no first no man on their
little fees now what's great it's nice
and then it tastes like plastic or
something yeah it would be nice cold so
in for dinner I firstly drink this and
wine the dogs are running around like my
black suit mutters I feel like pasta hmm
this won't so good but I'm going to make
buckwheat pasta I've already said that
to be honest at this point in Luna this
with seeds have changed some dried
tomato and basil stir through sauce
Ryan he just makes a lot of noise but
it's just mostly noise I'm gonna put
parmesan on the top Jason's making this
I'm gonna steal some of the broth babe
he's making chicken and rice and stuff
I've got some smoked garlic so I'm gonna
fry that Oh fry some onion as well just
like to make my own base of the sauce oh
and bitter never hurts
so we're almost done and I've got a
little quick focus a little pasta dish
and I'm just mixing in sun-dried tomato
pesto and it's fresh spinach so this is
my finished dinner yeah that's pretty
good okay I'm gonna go eat and then
maybe I'll catch up a few guys
afterwards because we're just gonna
probably watch telly what to film the
usual see you guys you were watching the
layer cake because I've never seen it
before and I hope this monster thing and
this one goes away by tomorrow I'm gonna
get ready for bed and sleep pretty much
and I ate bad Maltesers and that's
pretty much it on way updates for today
got anything for anything else
yeah excited for this week ahead though
we're going to wireless this know will
this Saturday coming so almost about
week that'll be good I've got a few
things that I'm gonna be doing this week
so this week coming I catch up with you
guys tomorrow thank you for watching and
don't forget to check out mine and
Gaby's videos I think them down below if
you want to see them it's like our fate
or current favorites and stuff what else
was gonna say anyway I'll see you guys
tomorrow thank you for watching and yes
have you got anything just add so let's
say bye it's a quite a while right I'm
excited for the week becaus and we're
developing some some of the new pieces
for the next November night rain or else
next week is the stock back we might
have some very special stock related
news I think we will training training
I'm trying out these new supplements so
hopefully they're gonna improve my life
drastically remember I said that we're
going Wireless and of course we're going
Wireless on the weekend whatever I don't
see you guys next week that's like a
week yeah we're going to wireless which
is super cool yeah sorry for that Carmen
what else is annoys business
anyway live a few meetings right hope
you've had a lovely day or night and
goodbye goodbye farewell one
did you watch oh yeah you wanna be a
Jonah pee in your pants
yeah isn't that a defense good you want
to know more about Sam's private life
she's a serial light leave Iran no she
leaves the bathroom so uncool treszura
he always leaves this light on and I
always leave my closed room light on to
be fair I'm really into Catelyn Moran's
how to be a woman loving it turn it up
Reggie I want a very seriously now
Oh comms are you ok what did you do oh
you hit your head anyway goodbye
