morning smoochy face hey guys as you
could probably tell again this morning
I'm feeling a little drained I don't
know why they've been doing it recently
but at 4:00 in the morning riot was
barking and stuff and like Jason went
downstairs and stuff but they are making
so much noise that it like shook me
awake I have really wanted to get a
whole night's sleep because yesterday I
was up you know like most of the night
and I just couldn't get back to sleep
once I'd woken up and like that happens
to me quite a lot and so yeah I've been
up since 4:00 in the morning it's about
7 o'clock I really really want to go to
class today it's at quarter past 10:00
and I'm just hoping that I've got the
energy to do it because again oh yeah
I've just been saying my dressing-gown
kind of editing / reading blogs and
stuff don't judge me okay
I've got dark circles and everything
because of the sleep today I was
planning to try and do a little trip to
brightens like state you know have a
proper trip there but I'm not sure if
I'm gonna happen so yeah play oh yeah I
guess yeah no no oh we really want to go
to the cinema yeah seat belt it's half
one
I went to yoga this morning which is
really good after you guys saw me last I
went back to sleep
and then I woke up rush rush to yang
going to get somewhere it's like it's a
surprise we wanted to go to ya later
we're going to the cinema to see mr.
Holmes
it's really warm today it's poppers
summer England English summer day it's
just what I got the thorny cow which is
vodka I don't usually like what it's
nice so I got a burger have a little
burger for low well sweet potato fries
and what kind of steak is that German so
annoying straight there's ribs do it
again thank you
hey guys so it's about caught it's like
6:45 so sorry today's been um
yesterday's today's been a funny one it
was a bit of a crazy ish morning like
before I started filming and everything
yeah then we ate okay if this reboil
just like recapping everything that I've
done and then of course I've been
editing and kind of chilling and at the
moment I'm watching and pixie muse video
of Joan Collins and it's really
interesting and it's just making me feel
like playing with makeup so I'm just
like sitting at my little mirror of
digne and if you guys have wondered my
mirrors from home scents and I don't
know if they sell it anymore I don't
know if it's a one-off but keep and ayah
home scents have really nice mirrors and
they do call home where stuff this is
not flattering so earlier I was like
looking up some of my video comments on
my oh my M main channel and
you know the video where like the body
image thing is mentioned oh no actually
I think it was in a different video and
a girl said commented oh I saw the I saw
that comment that guy said about your
body I thought you've put weight on too
but you still look good and it's like I
totally appreciate you know that you
you're saying that I look nice but what
annoys me is the but it's like you've
put weight on bar like why is it a bad
thing to put weight on oh it's really
annoying I just wish it was just like
anyway it just doesn't need to be adrift
I'm just playing around we're gonna go
oh we're gonna go and see mr. Holmes but
it's not over anywhere time so we're
gonna go and see knock knock instead
with Keanu Reeves and we saw the trailer
to it not long ago and I thought it
looked shit I was like oh stupid film
but nothing else is on then is it should
be entertaining I'll let you guys know
what we think I like a good kind of
psychological weird film and it is it
looks like it's like that and I like
Keanu Reeves to be honest I think I used
have a crush on him in matrix I'm just
gonna play around with some light makeup
and then I'll be back hmm so I'm ended
up with some sorts of like Bridal makeup
no it was nice I mean it's just like
neutral but I just want some brown in my
eyes I don't know when I claim oh god
this is gonna be such a boring vlog I'm
gonna show you actually what I got from
Primark the other day I've got quite a
lot of underwear so I don't know whether
to show that okay so I've got this which
is a hooded top you know those just
company workout tops
see them a lot and sweaty Betty and
stuff and they're bloody expensive so I
found this one and it was eight pounds
so good there workout range so yeah
that's really cool for like to and from
yoga and stuff I got quite a few pairs
of underwear overboard French cheese I
just I quite like Primark underwear I
mean why not and the friends t-shirt
that was wearing yesterday I love it I
don't know I've put it I think it's in
the other room or something and I just
like shoved off but yeah that was
about eight pounds as well I think and
it's a good like lounge around the house
top so oh so you guys as well I got from
Selfridges so I've got my bitch perfect
lipstick because I said so I wanted to
try out this pink a range like I said so
I got the cream cleanser and I got the
one for kind of I guess it's kind of
normal to oily skin and supposed to you
know dry skin and anti-aging line then I
got the all-in-one I think this is like
a daily moisturizer and then a
moisturizing milk and light and they was
so inexpensive I'm so happy 795 795 495
amazing and I was watching I totally
like Sonny Hughes his name just left my
brain completely you know it's just have
to go and like research to make sure
that I got her name right again which I
like watched her fade it's no no I
forgot anyway the video with Caroline
hyerin's and Sonny Hughes and you know I
was talking about skincare and stuff and
I think Sonny Hugh said that the Muji
skincare lines supposed to be good so I
just thought I would try out there Jason
has come out of the room that I banish
him to if anyone wanted this is what my
this is what my dressing table looks
like most of the time pretty messy
I'm loving trying out these Sunday
Royals I love oh I love Luna and genome
I'm not very keen on Artemis even though
it's made for people of all yes again I
don't know making on this either leave
me the orange dogs are eating something
hey Riley just made an iced coffee
because we leave in I don't know about
40 minutes or something so I haven't I
have all the food that sorry at the
cinema I forgot to vlog in the car
journey hope in the film's good should
we get popcorn this time cuz we don't
eat it fast
yes more visas that's what I got
what are you making
you see he's found and going around with
tape we walked out the film it was so I
really wouldn't recommend going to there
unless you like oh we won't see it as
well because it was 8.1 was it I'm DB
which usually gives us a good indication
and stuff but no like your neighbor uses
radio difficult to watch oh I should be
going to see insidious tomorrow so
hopefully that will kind of make up for
it there was a trailer for what was it
sinister 2 really likes it the First
Minister's own and another scary-looking
one called the gallows those are scary
films coming up but it should have an
October because it's what do you mean no
cuz what if he's a ghost are you some
sort of spirit and then you can't knock
him out yeah but it's too late by then
you just know that they are real what's
gonna happen yeah it's too late
yeah but they could really like mess you
up and then you can eat live messed up
yeah special friends
yeah you're really proud of it on you
Frank Frank
frankly no no I wanna go to bed if
Jason's just making a party house with
Frank for anyways I can wait you like
ten minutes really like that we're still
making it in the noon frankly in the new
thank you a new duct at no daddy likes
dressing you up in things ready okay
this is the little hat this is pretty
good actually the end of a condom I like
your new style wasn't it okay wait good
boy Oh guys so just in bed
anyway yep just doing my sign-off thank
you guys for watching
I wanted to want to share with you but I
think a highlight of my day today was
when we were going into into the film a
joke I had to pull up ice cream and then
dropped my spoon on the floor and
they'll say oh fuck a guy that like sits
in and I was walking past and saw that I
dropped a and he was like oh like what's
wrong okay we were like oh nothing like
you don't know what you're like straight
away with someone comes over to use like
oh man we're fine everything was oh did
you Josephine Tori's gonna get you
another one I was like oh but I didn't
know what to say and he was on it's fine
I'll bring one more to your I'll come
find you in your seat in the cinema and
bring you another spoon I think from the
front of the cinema well sweet it's just
really nice sometimes humans are nice
and that's good sometimes you lose all
hope it's so let's hope that he gets
good karma so and I will catch you guys
tomorrow I can't believe how close it is
to the end of balloon now it's gone we
could pass me a phone slow and parts of
it have gone really quick but everyone I
feel like it's one quick in case you
guys alone I don't know if anyone cares
but at the moment I'm reading like I
read before I sleep and I'm reading
station 11 and then also kind of Caitlyn
know Caitlyn Caitlyn Caitlyn Moran's
book how to be a woman and quite good so
far
anyway so you guys sorry thank you for
watching don't fit subscribe and give it
a like if you liked it
