hey guys I'm trying to pull myself
together this morning because last night
Riley was barking and barking and so I
went downstairs to try and like sort him
out
sewing I think was about half two and I
had was awake from then until her five I
think maybe 6 o'clock with like chronic
hay fever I just wouldn't stop then I've
got to sleep from like 6:00 till 10:00
which is good but I feel like so
we're going get some food yeah and I was
really excited for today so it sucks
that I thought this but hopefully I'll
get better
we just made the table some frisbees hey
guys and so I've been home for a while
oh we went to go and get like dog food
and stuff after we ate as well it was
really boring like you know wasn't kind
of worth filming and I've got back there
to finish it yesterday's vlog edit
because I I just feel so sleep-deprived
slash hay fever today so um anyway I'll
tell you guys what I'm doing later cuz
that is like making me really excited I
just wish I got some sleep last night
and so I'm gonna be meeting rose or
Rosie from The Londoner who I absolutely
I've loved her blog for like since I
first found it I think it maybe it's
about two years ago or something and
I've just a daughter blog and like how
she writes and I have photos and have
food and everything and we're meeting
for coffee so it's so oh my god I look
like a scrappy mess it's really it's uh
it's bad it's really exciting yes I I'm
gonna meet her in Notting Hill it should
be nice today it's not I love nothing
else one of my favorite places to go in
London so I think in that the plates are
the places near Portobello Road so I
figured
oh nothing he'll gay like walk up
Portobello and everything because it's
just a nice little walk isn't it I'll
see how I feel I might not have the
energy
maybe I should jack up on coffee I saw
the combats yesterday so I was saying
that I think there's a few different
reasons for my energy levels and anyway
they were saying that it's really
because I don't eat enough carbs and I
eat like more fat than I do carbs and I
get called quite defensive when people
comment on why eat because I just don't
think it's someone else's place but I
think they made quite a good point
actually because over the just recently
in particular I haven't been having a
lot of carbs especially in the day so
sometimes comments are annoying and
something you know I will negative ones
but sometimes you just got to stop and
think and just be like I don't think
they're just trying to get under your
skin I think they're just trying to make
a point you know and try and help and so
yeah your comment actually made me think
a little bit and I need to probably eat
more carbs yeah I just um I'm not very
good with lunches I'm good with
breakfast and I'm good at dinner but
lunch I I'm not very good with it
so yeah that's true I should probably
eat something soon it's about half two
and I'm eating rose at 5:00 so yeah I've
got a bit of time I need to leave maybe
in about half and don't know in about an
hour
I just pick my nails okay I was gonna
try and have a little power nap but I
think I've got enough time and it's
better I get I think it's not a lot -
powering up then well I don't pound out
are you a look at usually but probably
been a nuts and out then to have like a
fifteen minute nap and it's kind of that
worth it so I'm gonna have a little
coffee now and then I have a coffee when
I get mad we got this bed today but we
put all these blankets in it for him
because he destroys any cushioning bed
and I heard loads of rummaging around
from upstairs and then the cave to hell
just calm down he's moved all the
blankets out of the bed he was just not
like it
and gonna stand in the Sun because it's
sunny Franklin isn't it oh my god since
I woke him up water can hear his bloody
drilling if you know anything about me
you know that GE drilling is like the
one of the worst noises for me ever
I mean obviously no one likes drilling
but it sends me up the wall have you got
a frisbee do you want me to play with
you I don't have a spare hand are you
proud of that frisbee yeah I'm proud I
try to take it with my foot oh oh let me
just live it yeah yeah oh what's this
Oh Franklin let me start no let me throw
it ready ready
she's munching on some kale chips cuz I
don't know what to make like I don't
know what whether to make any food I
don't know maybe I'll grab something on
the way like know what I was working on
the bed I kept hearing this rustling
sounds and I was like I know Riley's you
know we just know your dogs up to
something looks like no nice bloody
doing something and they're like I was
calling him and he just carried I'm
doing it so that half of sorry fed came
into this room and there's a pocket on
the side there so I this is so
embarrassing but I had like half across
on I didn't even know it was in my bag
but it was in my bag so half a person
was in there and I must have left it in
there and left it on the floor like it
was in my bag ball on the floor and he
was just like licking his lips he must
have eaten off across okay like dog no
way
no not like dog like owner every dog is
like it
kay was cross
I need some fuel I do like burn ooh go
let's have a look
quinoa
the first time I had the Susheela start
a practice really nice I love trying new
things and
like you never get happy about it
host fellow right
example O'Neal they have time so that's
good I'm not like rushing and sweating
column if you come in the weekend and my
Candace Matt play you can't move but
look at it
into
boy really - please live anemic name
recipe custody we've been sitting for a
while now all the time just flew yep
we've had our coffee but I forgot to
vlog the coffee's at the beginning it
would have been a lot nicer yeah I may
have gone into American Apparel but the
other sales so I got stuff from the sale
it was so nice to meet you it was just
really casual and just have a nigga
don't lift her and it was just really
cool to chapter book I've loved for so
long and shout out to the girl who
worked in an American Apparel she was
really really nice so it's about quarter
past nine while I was on my way home my
camera died heaps so oh my god it was
the longest journey back because so I
was on the train going to Kings Cross
back to Kings Cross and we just like
have this train just stopped up one
straightens it then just stood there for
like 10-15 minutes and I was like
off-screen there so I got out walked up
to Oxford Circus which was mental at
that time and yeah the journey was just
long but yeah if you are on the train as
well Hey and they're quite a few viewers
today and again I just feel I always
come away like oh god I hope I was no
ice and stuff I mean I always try and be
nice but because I didn't get much sleep
last night I'm a bit of a zombie today
but do you like my top I got this from
Primark yesterday got in had a shower
straight awake you know when you've been
in London and it's hot and you just feel
gross and I just been uploading videos
and I'm stopping but when it's it's like
I feel like I don't want to eat a lot
cuz it won't be long until I fall asleep
some naca
I just heard Jake Jason coming in and
I'm just watching some YouTube videos
I'm Caitlin Moran because I really like
her like I just really want to learn
more about her and everything that's
going downstairs
see see buddies oh my god can you see
how he's laid so my dinner is a weird
concoction of like a Mexican ish salad
thing so not really really really hungry
