hey guys it's Tuesday morning it she
thinks about midday now I all morning
since I literally woke up I've been
filming a morning routine video so yeah
like that's like it's so late now and
I've lit yeah I literally kind of filmed
everything that I do from getting up and
yeah so I'm a little bit late getting to
you both today but so good I've just got
a lot I know I'm sorry annoying but I've
just got a lot of editing Steve sex I've
filmed this and then I've got a edit
this and I do actually feel like going
into town to edit because when I've got
a lot of editing to do I just feel more
motivated when I'm around other people
like a coffee shop you know and everyone
else is working and stuff because I said
it before but you know when you're
working on your own at home it's quite
segregated and there's nothing to kind
of in few or no one else is working
around you and stuff so I might do that
I'll see that's it really kind of
craving some coffee I'm wearing one of
the Charlotte Tilbury color chameleons
today just really you guys know me I
don't go very heavy on day makeup at all
but I really like okay I'm feeling
really stressed today I just think I'm
putting a lot of pressure on myself to
do a lot of stuff but it doesn't need to
be done so it's just one of those days
but so it I think is about two o'clock
times one so quickly today we're gonna
go and get something to eat
and do some like November night work as
well oh I find a shade it's in my video
that I'll be putting up I'm stammering
uh November night Ally cropped up which
is really light way it's soft and my
skirt is I think it's one misguided ages
ago
she's from ASOS my shiny ones and then
jacket I don't remember probably rocket
or something and my bag is from ASOS
Italian features come
I got this special
buckwheat pancakes
but now me after
eating so many better house hunting
today which gonna
but I'll shine - it's much cocaine if I
had my question and stuff is better my
life
- tiny tiny tiny dogs thank you so nice
and calm
by
we've been here for about
- I've gotta finish editing stuff oh my
neck
adjusted Wilkinson snuck off to the
canvas Oh Jasmine Noir and is vanilla
one already
oh my god 151 just no any good so it's
about half eight and I'm absolutely
exhausted I've just been editing for a
few hours but it had been kind of as
it's not a single day that when we went
out with a work it as well so today's
looks just been rubbish so I'm gonna add
today's look onto tomorrow and I don't
usually do it but I just can't put today
up it's just been rubbish somewhere oh
we're gonna be going into London we just
do the same thing of all time
but we've not been to the place before
that we're going to and it should be
really good so hopefully this vlog okay
well would be won't be too long but it's
better than a really short boring one um
we'll see you guys tomorrow
see you guys tomorrow morning guys it's
about quarter past ten or so in the
morning morning I'm delirious so Jason's
on his way - I'm with Jason on his way
to an MMA here's Emily across and I was
gonna just do editing and stuff at home
but I thought why not sit in town and do
it because just a bit you know like I
was saying I think it was yesterday you
know it's just more motivating with
other people around and stuff then we're
going to London and we're going to go
for a lunch I'm really excited for it
it's like I think it's like a Peruvian
play / something else but the food or
looks amazing and I think it's a Mayfair
so that'd be really good so yeah more
editing to come some London nurse
oh crap mutants anymore of this movement
Oh your dick yeah it's lovely day it's
love day I just got cup and drink it up
be on my way you can get yourself a nice
coffee don't thank you
so I've come to bills I'm just sitting
doing some stuff and I go on x royale
but on bread
just in Primark and I wanted a few guys
well don't wander I just wanted to show
my outfit my dress is from brandy
melville jacket All Saints bag a thumbs
up I love them
yeah I'm just looking around there's
usually some good bits and bobs you know
well does this always happen in Primark
and 20 things I just lovely subscriber
what's your name sorry nothing real it's
me okay we found it somewhere they are
Street which is very pretty
okay
that was so nice
so we want to go in here because it's a
pinch shop it's right up our alley so
nice it was so tasty I'm not gonna do a
blog a blog post about it oh my god
obviously yeah it's just kind of behind
Selfridges so you keep walking up it's
just on the left
what terms and selfridges to get my
bitch perfect lipstick I know somewhere
I bet I'll find it now oh I like what
some ug skincare because it's supposed
to be good that it's really inexpensive
now which is going to private offices
- image for some holiday bit
just met two lovely girls that watch me
what your name is sorry cool really nice
to meet you guys
I'm gonna get a Pinkberry I just had
self-adjust beautiful I'm gonna get a
snow plate I've been a very hard
so I got the salted caramel snowflake
with a little weight for chocolate thing
oh my god I didn't realize that this
much comes in the pot is much before I
wish I got two different ones
hey guys came home came straight
upstairs and it's my office and
everything because I've got this video
that I need to that needs to be up today
but it have to be finalized and stuff
and I'm so but well I've been so behind
on editing these look so I'm trying to
get back up to date so that I don't you
know like keep missing uploads and stuff
so yeah it's been a bit of a nuts day
actually it feels like it anyway just
burning some candles chill and work
I want to hopefully do a little bit of
yogurt just like calm my mind and then
oh my I really want a bath yes I haven't
had a bath for about a month or so and
at one point I was getting really into
them so I want to get back into bars
I just put loads of essential oils in
and you know the stress free stuff I'm
really worried because if this is what
I'm like now what we're gonna be like
when I have kids and when we have like
eight dogs stuff because I don't know I
feel like we'll get a dog every year we
probably won't but I would if we could
um and dogs are stressful so kids are
going to be ten times as stressful oh
man how do you mom's do it you will like
magic does the magic just come out of
the vagina at the same time this magic
mom that's oh so what was I thinking
about earlier I wanted yeah so earlier I
I was just walking past a little girl in
a buggy and she was holding a baby adult
not a real baby and I obviously I used
to play up dolls and stuff when I was
young and this is a bit of a feminist no
talk run it's not around but isn't it
weird that little girls are pushed is
pushed on little girls to have like
little kitchen sets and babies and stuff
and it's kind of like women are pushed
from children to like that's what I
don't know like that's what we think we
should be doing straight away so be
looking after
cooking and stuff isn't that weird like
boys just get cars and dinosaurs and
stuff
my mom was bit my mom's so feminist so
she didn't push anything girly on me I
think I just liked it
but why did mom I know she watches my
books mom why did I have dolls did I
just want then maybe we'll update this
but I also play Danny was such a tomboy
she used to play with action men and
stuff and let oh I loved yep lemon I
loved Lego I loved it anyway daddy
really liked all the boys toys which was
cool so I played with that as well but
yeah it's not weird like men
I don't know having little boys aren't
given little boys to look after he's
pretty weird what are your thoughts let
me know the last three Kinder Bueno mini
so hey Frank
he looks ugly oh and he's all sleepy you
don't sleep anymore
then I'm not really that hungry today
because we ate late ish I look so I'm
just I've got this protein poor thing
from M&S earlier say that which has
salmon and edamame soybeans and lentils
which a little warmer sausages mushroom
and right
for your mom for three quarters please
three quarters of salsa this lovely
green stuff please thank you why don't
you say yep yeah
so I'm trying a Chia port I got two from
Tesco not you just had a busily say
Franklin's being carried to bed it so
I'm gonna go to bed pretty much now
so signing off so I don't know how to
turn it down but I'll quickly say
goodbye thank you for watching don't get
subscribe give the video a like and
we'll see you tomorrow
