hey guys it's about ten o'clock it's
Monday morning and I'm just waiting for
my taxis take me to the station to go to
Brighton so yeah I'm just gathering my
last bits and bobs to chuck in my bag
that Burgh gonna put my laptop in there
and stuff - sir I got stuff to do on the
train
yeah pretty excited I finally got this
carriage to myself I've been wanting to
do a little update is it's about five to
twelve my train gets into Brides know
about twenty-five past twelve
going to go and beat Gabby from velvet
ghost I'm excited because I've only met
her like really really briefly at the
gleam Halloween party before and I
really love her videos I've been
watching her for ages and it just would
be really cool if we could it's a rainy
day though not a great day for brighton
brighton so nice when it's sunny and i
think it's you know more sunny than
London gets invites and I might be wrong
oh it's such a dismal day but we're
gonna get a bit of lunch I think and
then head to hers I guess
blood my station is really bright and
airy the mentions of the beach
so I got this little like the loonie
quinoa salad feel if I put sweet potato
fries what did you get yeah okay we're
gonna eat look guys I can see the sea
excited like I'm on holiday oh come here
nails on day yeah thanking that frankly
always turns away I know it's so weird
it's like how would they know so you've
got done a film we have found a new
angle here yeah yeah was it there I know
this camera takes ages to focus time
can you tap it yeah yes I'm gonna get
this camera guys I love it very nice
building your Texas no is it already
okay okay that's the station gonna hit
home
stay here so aging is good at school
25 minutes
like 20 minutes but I'm really craving
of crustal trying to find coffee in
lacrosse
it was so nice to see Gabby and like
chat and Phil let's try this place yes
taken over phones and it's doable this
week so music nothing like a fall asleep
on the train journey
just got back home I'm exhausted for
some reason the journey back home felt
longer than the journeys going and
usually it's the other way around but I
think it's because I was coming home
during rush hour but yeah I'm just going
to change it in a comfy clothes recharge
a little bit and yeah I feel so
brain-dead I don't know why it's Riley
hey be good if you've looked today as
well then we could have had double
footage yeah
put about two for the peeps this morning
thanks faith tastes it on up so we're
just gonna watch true detective do you
know Episode one feels like it's been
paint or something maybe we love them
because I mean we love the show so far
but also because they're so long it
feels like you're watching on for film
it's them
good yeah then we're gonna make dinner
and probably carry on watching I'm so
tight I still like I say this all the
time but I'm really see I think mr. Jack
the train journey and I'm eating more
kinder quano Vinnie's Episode six might
have been six or seven how many other
really excited for the new one with
Vince Vaughn and Rachel McAdams and
Taylor Kitsch anyway got a girl
boys gun sir I thought we're cooking
dinner and I thought we must document
this week i doing okay
English breakfast for dinner I'm gonna
have grab a bag with one sausage the key
to lovely soft sausages cooking on a low
heat for longer
Wow have you ever done stand-up stand
yeah this is mint tea if anyone's
wondering it's very tasty
I mean on the total egg on Eric what's
wrong with you
yeah I don't wanna quit you I and you
will eat it
my favorite another date yeah sorry guys
I didn't finish today's vlog properly so
I'll just do my little sign off now
again we just all know we finished
watching true detective the first season
so now we're just waiting for the second
season loved it it was really intense
though like the end of it was really
dark and intense and kind of scary but
not scary scary it's just like
disturbing but it was really good really
recommend to a detective if you like
thrillers and detective stories
obviously so that's that we finished
that about half 11 or something and then
just went straight to bed and I just
started reading station 11 and just fell
asleep yeah thank you guys so much for
watching and don't forget to subscribe
if you haven't
mmm give the video a like if you liked
it and I'll see you guys tomorrow
I'm really getting kind of sad that I
can't believe it's near the end of the
month already it's not so I just feel
like I want to make these last days as
good as I can I'm gonna try try and do
things anyway see customer well
