hey guys it's Sunday it's Father's Day
today and back to normal vlogging sorry
yesterday was a bit of a different video
but it was cool to answer your questions
and stuff it's always really nice to
kind of communicate with you guys so
we're just about to head out the house
we're going over to Jason's parents
house and for a little like Father's Day
lunch and then we're not sure what's
happening after that we might go to the
cinema we're in need of coffee as usual
and some food and stuff so wearing I'm
wear it so about my room home Ivan sorry
people are messy sometimes this dress is
from Topshop I've shown it before in my
videos and stuff but love it I just
thought it's perfect for today and just
Topshop ballet flats and then I think
I'll put another jacket on top my bag is
from Urban Outfitters or 20 show you
guys it and that's it really
oh my god I don't know where I've put my
Charlotte sorry bitch perfect lipstick
and I might cry because it was like the
best lipstick ever I'm gonna have a
little route around which is parking but
finding it difficult this car box so bad
coffee
smoked salmon oh my god
sit Franklin rice it's the most of the
part is I've got this stupid cricket
event on or something so you can't take
the dogs enough on the proper field wide
Ronnie move
which was really really nice with
Jason's family I didn't film much
because you know it's quite a family
thing and I didn't want to like shove
cameras in people's faces and you know
people are so rubbing and look well you
don't even having conversation and stuff
and you know you just don't film that
kind of thing you know and you're just
in conversation so so what time is it
you can I don't know I'm half I've I've
had usual been editing I uploaded a
video on to my main channel the festival
get ready with me so go check that out
if you haven't seen it yeah I really
love the outfit that I put together for
it because I don't usually obviously
wear a lot of color so for today and
yeah I just thought it was really cool
so I'm gonna be wearing that outfit to
wireless and so Jason I know it's not in
balloon but I'm gonna vlog Wireless so
you guys will see it have you guys
noticed that these pictures still not up
on the wall Jason was like oh we'll do
it tomorrow when I showed you them it
was a little while ago now and then we
just haven't got around to it but yeah
I'm just like burning some candles and
trying to just chill but I'm just I
still gonna edit yesterday's vlog and up
like that then relax a little bit and
then I'm gonna gather all my stuff
together cuz tomorrow I'm going to
Brighton I'll say why tomorrow because
that's exciting but I'm gonna be going
meeting a certain youtubers yeah I don't
know what we're doing for dinner
I feel like I just think the same things
over and over again also thank you guys
so much yesterday for your really nice
comments on the body image ramp that I
had because you guys really understood
where I was coming from and I didn't
know what the response would be like but
the more I think what this balloon has
been really good for for me is just
voicing my opinion because I think
throughout the food I've just like spoke
said like said what's on my mind more
and I think you guys like that so yeah
it's good because I'm just showing me
you say yes oh these flowers are
starting to I know they're evil water
I'm so bad at keeping things alive I'm
so surprised the dogs are still alive
but glad
look I've killed this succulent
so I didn't know you have to water
succulents whoopsies
also I love this candle it's a cedar
wood one then if you can see that focus
book oh this is a an old picture means I
can you see that that's in our old back
garden when we lived in how I used to
love that herb that little house it was
like the crap his little house thing but
I absolutely loved it
good times Jason's dad gave us some like
Kinder Bueno singles I've eaten about 15
of them already it's really dangerous I
just can't stop ha ha ha
the riders getting dressed up let's be
presentable right that ground must come
in ready to say you're nice too
presentable though Jason's making dinner
it's not burgers healthy of the day it's
really simple though yeah nutritious
this is like spinach and watercress I
think the majors got some black oh no
garlic and herb cretins I was ok and
avocado bacon bit of Fellini so quite a
Mediterranean inspired dinner
you guys just about to go to bed so be 8
and then have been watching true
detective which is really good
really intense so I will see you guys
tomorrow tomorrow yeah I'm gonna be
going to Brighton so that should be a
really good vlog really so I haven't
been to Brighton for ages so yeah thank
you guys for watching and we'll see you
tour well
