morning I hope real well today and so
I've got a little bit of a chat for you
guys this morning and it's a bit about
like mid white well my midwife and I
guess midwife's in general it's been
such a nice time doing vlogmas and
everything I've tried not still too much
but sometimes I look I look back at last
year's flog a mess and then obviously
it's just crazy like that kind of ended
with a birth for Indy and everything and
and it does it kind of brings a lot of
memories up and just recently pampers
have asked me to share a little bit
about my midwife story or kind of say a
thank you to my midwife and I'm so happy
to say thank you to my midwife I don't
know she'll ever watch this ah like what
I didn't realize was one in three of the
nation's midwives feel undervalued and
underappreciated and that's so
heartbreaking to me because because it's
funny because months after having ND I
actually felt like because it the whole
birth experience is a bit of a blur I
mean I think I did say Thank You derp
after but I was in such a weird like you
know headspace and it's all such a blur
and I feel like I didn't get to properly
say thank you to her you know so much
was going on but just had a baby and
everything and all of our focus or some
indie rightly so sometimes I wish I
could have actually sent her a thank-you
card or something because I don't know
what I would have done without my
midwife and you know everyone's story is
slightly different I had a water birth
and I had gas and air and like at the
beginning like when I just before I got
into my birthing room I was like maybe I
just have to do the epidural route
because I was like this pain is too much
so I was like I can't deal with this I
feel like she my midwife has just come
on her shift and she just got me through
it I just I don't know what I would have
done without her and I know that's their
job but like she was firm enough to keep
me going and keep me focused but it even
like she wasn't too much she didn't
stress me up at all she was really kind
of always let me know what was going on
what was happening I remember that I was
getting I was getting frustrated because
it was going on for so long and I wasn't
allowed in the water yet and but she was
kind of letting me
what to look out for and then I would be
let into the water and then that
happened she just communicated really
well and was really really good with
Jason as well always let him know the
best way that he could help me and he
really liked her as well like we just
both thought she was she was amazing I
would love to have her again for our
next child whenever that might be but I
doubt I'll get the same Midwife I gave
birth at Mary's Hospital in Paddington
so it's like if you live near there and
if you're due to have your baby there
they're amazing they're so I just wanted
to give a little thank-you to my midwife
they're just amazing people I don't know
how they do it everyone I'm everyone I
know that's haven't had a baby they're
like I don't know how they do it
midwives they're amazing women that's my
thank you I don't sure I've watched this
but thank you so much to my midwife and
also if you guys have any even like
interesting stories or anything about
your midwives do leave them down below
cuz it's really nice to kind of share
stories that's the thought for this
morning and we're gonna get ready now um
so I'll catch you guys in a little bit
hey guys sorry for the jump from me and
my dressing down to now it's been a bit
of a crazy morning and I've been trying
to just get myself together and
everything but I thought I just show you
guys my outfit before we leave I mean
it's not that extravagant or anything my
jumper is from under the stories it's
still available at the moment I'm sure
and I love it is so nice and soft and
comfortable my jeans are just the usual
Topshop straight leg raw edge ones and
my shoes are old Topshop ones and I'm
gonna take this Marsh bag because I
really like the pink and the leopard
together today Jason and I are headed to
Westfield because we're gonna do a
little bit of Christmas shopping yeah I
used to stop saying yes just get your
only annoying I'm gonna do my makeup in
the car because we're just running out
of time and you might be able to tell
how mall I can't see and I'm like oh we
need to leave take a breath but maybe
we'll see you guys in the car ooh a
perfume to go eh for today this is so
busy this little perfume
I feel like Blanche actually just
something nice and fresh we're on our
way but all the traffic's been stopped
because there's a dead animal body on
the road which I've never seen happen
before
everyone has no idea what's going on
among you trying to carve log touch the
glamorous the window the ball head is
here you need to do this
so it almost at Westfield should be in
the front it's exciting so Christmas
shopping there's a stocking got the
cutest little baby stocking in their
little my company that we saw were a few
weeks ago and we were like should we get
it like if it was tonight beginning of
and then we do wish we just got it that
time because we're not actually I wanted
to ask you at the beginning of this
block I was totally talking about my our
Midwife and things do you have any
filament one out of three midwives feel
really undervalued we made it in but we
fought with straight we were pretty
distracted by this dance it oh my god
this stationary if you guys have
stationary you'll love them but oh my
God look
so cool
which one out of these two
they're both exactly the same no they're
not one has slightly oh my God look at
this this is what I love it's a fountain
so cute
we've just found this little baby like
Christmas outfit oh it's a bit long
for her very nice really look at the
little toys I'm gonna get one of these
little Ottomans and here are the
stocking yeah we come into Mamas and
Papas to simply find a nice little
outfit for Indian Christmas these are so
cute and classy can we get that and is
it is it heavy do you think that she'll
get hot in it though but look at these
so we're just picking up some food for
dinner and it is happening this is
happening
in your natural habitat the veggie ones
so run away
it was quite a successful chat because
sometimes we have quite Westfield then
when there's hours and we don't actually
but find anything decent and we just
kind of walking around aimlessly but it
was nice and relaxed today as well
again I'm gonna pick up
the lovely quality time with her before
she goes to bed
soon in these books I think we should do
a little Q&A sessions well where we can
answer some of your questions so maybe
leave down below in this video any
questions that you have and then we can
check back to it and then part them but
tonight should be nice and then we can
finally finish the tree off and then I'm
just gonna make a bit of salmon veg and
quinoa
just just casual the cables being a
dream
okay it's gonna be a mental health we
gotta fight
I said oh be a good idea we'll see
so we're making a very random pit stop
at Costco because we've always see them
sign up so we've got a bit of time and
we thought we might as well go in sign
and I'm really excited I've never been
in here and I've always heard people say
it's amazing we sorted out on membership
and I don't know if I can vlog in here
or not but we were just having a look
around that's everything in here but
we're running out of time so we're gonna
have to go get indie we're back home and
we're just going to finish off zilean be
addressing the tree and got Indy here
she's gonna put the first one on but it
should be super cute but she's really
tired so imma put her down early
should that be the first one
oh what's this you can choose
we forget them all out
yeah use it oh the lights are on right
first Ottoman gonna be like why am i
leaving it there
good girl probably a bit meeting for a
little baby
hey guys it's a little bit later now and
I made us dinner and then I'm just done
a bit of tidying up so no one else dog
do this he just like licks and licks and
nicks tries to be mad I just thought I'd
sign off because I've actually got quite
a lot of work to do tonight so I'm gonna
finish this vlog here and kind of catch
up on all my work and then I'll be
obviously looking again tomorrow morning
when I say again thank you guys for
watching don't forget subscribe to give
the video a like if you liked it let me
know any of your interesting kind of
Midwife stories as well down below
because I love hearing about people's
birth stories it's like one of my
favourite things now since now that I'm
a mum and I love talking to other mums
about just about like how they found the
birth and the pregnancy and everything
anyway I hope you guys are all well and
we'll see you tomorrow
