hey guys it's Friday no it's not morning
it's half one Mike I've got to say
yesterday this morning I've just been
editing but I got all my work done so
yeah there's not too much more to do
today which is good I'm just going to
enter his little photos but and we
haven't eaten yet so we're going into
the Waffle House they died that I wasn't
filming we actually went there that
slowly it bumped into the teen
subscribers not really lovely but today
I could film it that which is cool it
was really good last room today I won't
like
Eitan it was quite nice this time not as
good as last time but I went for a spell
will fall so it was a little bit
healthier and like not as good as when
you go for full throttle and I think
we're just heading home now we just got
coffee there's a place near us called
Charlie's and I'm so gutted because I
forgot my camera when I went in but the
woman that the woman that works in there
is just so nice and I'm I just forgot to
to show it we've tried to get Franklin
on our skateboard for ages and it's a
little training session
I see if you learned anything maybe that
sees me come on it yeah he'll run after
you though Riley Riley just starts
biting it so I'm just holding him oh we
do a street
yeah I think he likes that part very
angered at the moment I've had a little
bit of time to like steeped what's the
word steamed down calm down simmer a
little bit because I was angry so I put
my whole video up and in the video I've
bought a swimsuit so I put on that
swimsuit I'm just like we all see people
in swimsuits on the beach and on the
telly it's always naked women everywhere
so um so I just you know showed it 99%
of the comments oh really really nice
all the girls are lovely and I know it's
always the way that if you have loads of
nice comments and then one horrible
comment you always distance that comment
but the thing is I'm not listen it's not
that I'm listening to the comment as
much it's just the principle of actually
write someone actually writing that :
and it's a man and that makes me even
angrier because women have such a tough
type of body image as it is so the
comment is like he's written some other
comments as well but the comment that
just pissed me off was like he's talking
to someone else he's like lol looks like
she put on some pants in the swimsuit
though firstly what comes to mind is men
just don't seem to have any idea what
women have to go through it day to day
like a lot of women are kind of immune
to it and they're so lucky but I
personally still I struggle a lot with
body image issues and the thing is
you'll never you never know who is
struggling yeah it could be the
skinniest girl the biggest girl the
curvy girl the girl that you think you
know loves her body to death could be
secretly having horrible body image
issues and for me it's a daily battle
and like those days I'm fine because
I've been through threat therapy and
everything um and you just I just don't
think men understand obviously some
women as well but it's just argued me
it's a man that sent this message
because they just see us as objects and
like if you're not like the media object
of a hot woman it's like she's put on
pounds like men ending men out there who
are watching and because I'm sure women
are a lot more aware of it a lot of
people not only women of guys get eating
disorders as well oh not so many people
struggle of eating disorders or
recovering from eating disorders so by
pissing my comments up like you look
like you'd put on accounts and stuff do
you have any idea how badly that could
affect someone and could send them back
into whatever it is that they're dealing
with it could be a trigger even if it
wasn't me it could be another girl or
another guy reading that comment and and
it's a trigger for them because just
like saves people watching and they
relate to me a lot and feel like they
know me is I just feel like Pete some
people might look at that comment and
relate it to them in a way I don't know
you know like cuz say if it was my
sister I'd get angry for my sister so it
probably makes someone else angry as
well um hopefully not but it always near
the comments on my videos or other
people to see it
yeah sorry Sam but I it just really
angers me so more so what if I put on
two stone so what if I put on one pound
and the video is about buying coins yeah
there just needs to be more awareness I
think my name is gonna happen oh it's
just this generation I think but it's
just happy but all you know they do
people do notice your body is what
people always look at your body and your
face and like try and pick at anything
but if it stops someone front girl or
guy from commenting on someone else's
body and like just a reason are key like
malicious comment sorry I'm bummed off
sale then goodbye it I'm just trying to
spread awareness you have no idea what
that comet might make someone do know
some people are just shitty people but
somewhere deep inside you if you're not
struggling with some sort of like body
image thing there's someone else might
be so like that deep part of you down
inside who is a little bit nice please
don't
it's like it looks like you've fallen a
few pounds or something you've gotten to
voice again
so hopefully this little rank can make
some of you feel a bit better I love
when other youtubers talk about body
image anything body it like positive
body image and everything as well
because it makes me feel so much better
like that's why I really like watching
Trisha Paytas as well because she's just
she's really positive about body image
and and she cheers me up
it's maybe really emotional so just so
sick of it it's just everywhere you know
everywhere in life like when I go to the
cinema and I'm like eating a massive
thing of popcorn you know I don't eat
the whole thing you know you've got your
picture and you've got your popcorn it's
all like naughty food and stuff and then
in the film that there's like 100 bikini
models and they're like the size zero
and I just like look down on my popcorn
I'm like oh it's everywhere like people
don't notice but is a case of training
your mind so that you don't think that
way anyway
I'm gonna go and spray some nasal spray
in my nose so that I can talk Riley's
been chilling with me while I've been
editing I than you right thank you
he's just so chilled compared to
Franklin but frankly we'll chill out
eventually
Whitney thankfully I've been editing
it's about 6 o'clock so we're gonna go
to the cinema yes we thought that that
book thing film was out with Jake
Gyllenhaal but it's not which is really
annoying so we're gonna go and see
entourage car mates go to the cinema we
go every week but it's just always such
a highlight of the week
oh wait for all the popcorn ice cream
maybe nachos everything so you can't
come Oh God look how a mess yes sorry
you can't come righty righty righty you
just didn't lose me righty-o
and it's got a feed bin before we go and
then just head off
this is today's out French trying this
maxi skirt from ASOS top from Zara and
this jacket is Bois de skins okay we're
getting pic can mix and tour they know
what to get today do nothing craving
sweet because I had to be earlier we're
really into a picnic Jason's got me more
into picnics now very aware
hey guys so back at home and I'm feeling
so tired it just thought I would end
this blog on Tosh it was funny at parts
but I don't know it's such a misogynist
kind of film like there's no if you're a
woman watching that is just a bit like
demeaning almost but yeah it was quite
funny I probably would have preferred to
watch mr. Holmes there are two things I
think that have come out just recently
yeah then allow us to say so finding a
hug hard to come up with different you
know like new things to say all the time
or the daily looks because it's there my
day-to-day life is pretty pretty say me
so I just don't know how to make it more
exciting and stuff um next week but I'm
doing some really cool things and I'm
meeting some people and stuff so you
guys will come along with me to that but
anyway roll of the week the weekend roll
on the weekend and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
thank you so much for watching don't
forget subscribe give the video a little
like and over what if it was a person
like me they're not asleep love you guys
