we are on our way up Thunder because
I've gotta meet someone
I put the Topshop foot off the street
obviously I mean it wasn't new look
that's not fun and we've also got some
nak Terence to rise maybe it's lunch
okay we're going we're gonna go and see
a tattooist a tattoo artist as well
which is exciting I love you call if
you've got tattoos and flu and like talk
about ideas for tattoos and stuff like
that and that's it for now we have an
East or anything so craving coffee okay
almost there had to jump out of the car
early because I'm so late like half an
hour late so that
okay I just came out of Lila OHS if you
just don't know why at times but really
quickly I'm just meeting Jason now on
Carnaby Street
I am bloody starving and I need coffee
so we're gonna go and get some food for
me I said where to go though I'm not
stupid I stayed stay sunny my favorite
paste
it's like to use different distant
system some say you cheese like
definitions and stuffing comes out of
three of them on the play and you can
share it around
tells her so we we need to come here
with the Misha rocks a good thing that
will come
yes I think it so much
kitchen a bar today
my nose is suffering right so how we
offer to go to one away
I just found this Kate lost ID cover and
I bet you just get it because it's
amazing I love her we just booked in
tattoos yeah it's so long ah we've had
the tattoo itch for ages I'm gonna get
I'm gonna fill in hopefully like the
last bits of my arm that needs filling
so I'm so excited
really
any ladies wondering this is the typical
British man touching a bear chattering
about probably nothing
probably boobs carrying slacks no God no
I have a a Frappuccino for probably
about a year I never ever get frapps I
just I just feel like they kind of weigh
you down most the time but I used to get
you know the current normal caramel
frappe me
and I think in the normal caramel ones
correct me if I'm wrong but they use a
lot of the kind of glue you know that
the syrup but it's quite a thick one I
think baby so I asked I asked for it
with just the normal vanilla syrup that
I usually get and I really like it it's
oh yeah that's craving ice cream today
so it's it's as close to I can get to
ice cream today so it's just thinking
I'm thinking about like TV shows that
they used what I was thinking about with
you you know when you get home after
school and there's this like cozy time
if you just like watch TV until dinner's
ready or lightning yeah especially when
it's cold outside anyway so then I was
thinking about around as a new random
show pops into my head
ah did anyone else you still shortchange
it was a show about it's kind of like
dog food for kids it's really weird now
but it was about like getting your value
for money it was about like try to find
the best value things like if shops and
like wears ripping it off and it was
really stupid about you know this black
guy host today and he was just a really
good time to study you just made the
show really cool
nice much brighter corner then when
Charles II came out I was like throw
this you know forever will understand
spongebob oh yeah like a special came a
lot later for me other girls like 18 I
remember I used to fudge was an MTV and
I cannot remember what was it was a
career as a choreography show with this
guy
I don't used to go like you know I'm
talking about was it right was it about
girls learnings uh although there was
girls everywhere was this one man who
will teach you
now I remember that MTV all the time
sweet succeed
no sister I stopped watching me when
they started doing the 16 by the young
parents they adjust their words man
younger pregnant
I want too many kids still go watch
telly just got back in I just wanted to
show you guys this because I saw this
clutch back in whistles ages ago and
then I looked and the price of it I was
like whoa and when it whistles the other
day and then I saw that they are on sale
or don't like yes so it's this whistles
it's in a plastic bag but it's like this
whistles clutch I'll just take it out of
the bag oh I just think it's so pretty
so good subsidised quality so I so
excite because I've really got I've got
like a few clutch bags and small bags
for going out but I don't love them and
I was just like this one would just look
so nice with any outfit so oh it was
reduced down to about thirty thirty
pounds from sixty pounds for this it's
just not I mean it's good but I'm glad
that I waited for the sale oh it's hard
to breathe
now I I've got a video that I've got to
fill because it's the one that's gonna
be going up this Sunday and I have to
get it done today no it's a dresses
today is gonna be filming for me and
editing and then eating at some point
okay so we just got done filming my
video I don't know what time it is it's
half 6:00 and now I have to upload a
main Channel video so the by the time
you guys see this I'll have a haul up so
go and check out our link it down below
and I have to finish and editing
yesterday's vlog and upload there and I
need to get a blog post up everything
takes ages so you don't realize how long
editing takes until you're in the mid
mid storm editing and then you're like
bloody hell
so yes I'll probably be able to catch up
with you guys more in a few hours I
guess an hour or two I really learned
that watch American Horror Story and
just like veg out okay
my thin editing and stuff I feel like
every time I start a vlog I'm like I've
been editing
that's just mostly what I do to be
honest but however is half eight and I'm
getting really hungry and this is like
you know whenever it gets to about eight
o'clock and I haven't had dinner like
anyone around me has to rot what chops
they start getting like bitch Sam so um
Jason's there Jason's at MMA but his
pastor sir I think started about an hour
ago so he'll probably be out soon ash
but I just don't know oh bloody hell
who's tripping over the dogs I I don't
know when he'll be home exactly and I
don't know what pouncer dinner so you
know I'm just gonna make my own dinner
so I just pretend I've made oh my god we
haven't no food in the house we used to
go food shopping I just put some foil in
like a dish for the oven put in this
mitt M&S mix thing I had was like grains
and lentils and couscous and stuff and
then on top of that I've put salmon so
I'm just gonna bake that together I've
not done it before but why not
and to put with it like where I'm just
living on the scraps from the health
doctor going mad that's tonight
yesterday's vlog is just processing then
I've got to start editing the video that
I filmed today let's look at some snaps
thank you
oh thank you
what is so weird like it's really
surreal oh just okay I still don't know
where Jason is so I'm just going to take
my dinner out otherwise I'll be eating
so late okay let's see how it's doing
good does look a bit like a brain that
recording
Jason's on his way home it's about five
past nine and I've just got my dinner
out I just can't be asked to add
anything to it so there's a sort of it's
like oh this is what it looks like it is
yeah as you can see like pulses grains
and stuff and that's just baked salmon
with a so-called hoisin sauce on top and
I probably put salt and pepper on top
and you're just gonna dig in so so the
best ismai are all I have to do is enter
I've just got to edit this video cuz
I've got to get it up for tomorrow
morning all right I'm sorry I've gotta
get it done for tomorrow morning so I'll
sign off now instead of like signing off
tomorrow thank you guys for watching and
don't forget to subscribe like the video
if you liked it yeah we'll see you guys
tomorrow bright and early
bye bye from Franklin alright
yes
