in French thing huh I heard his tongue
sticking up such a nice sunny day today
I see you at him oh go on then
pretty fancy Riley hello good morning
so um today it's quite an exciting day /
probably a workday about half that's my
horse of time they all think it's about
10:00 almost at about half 11 a woman's
gonna be coming around here and she's
gonna be working on kind of like a
YouTube documentary sort of things so
she's gonna ask me I guess like
questions about you know what I do and
how I got started and stuff yeah so it's
really made of no one's made come round
to my house before to do that so I'm
like trying to tidy up and stuff cuz I
get funny I'm like oh look she judges me
sit sit
good boy ooh go on
which car it's not my favorite ones okay
so just got done with the interview and
we just filmed here in my little filming
room and oh she was really really nice
the interview was really calm and easy
to do you know like because I didn't
feel really awkward or the questions
were good you know like good questions
to answer not to kind of you know
sometimes people can ask you kind of
mean questions to try and get like all
it says about money on YouTube and all
that kind of jazz but no it was really
good do something let me know where the
interview will be when she puts it all
off and everything so um I'll link that
down below when she tells me the place
hi I'm Cheryl hi and welcome to this
episode of how to become a YouTube star
so I was about 19 when I started doing
YouTube so I was at university what do
you wear when you carry what should be
in my bag if I'm gonna go out and blog
cage wandering I'm wearing Charlotte's
Hillary's blonde girl yay I'm really
glad that that's done today so Jason and
I need to go and run some errands boring
stuff you go to the post office I'm
really brain dead I think I need to eat
something really angry at a car a radio
adverts hurt I am no like food god s
like eating things good all the time but
there was there was an advert about less
eating less sugar which is good and you
know she's saying that it can lead to
like so many different problems and
stuff and like swapped your sugar for
other stuff but she said like swap sugar
drinks for sugar free drinks no sugar
free drinks I've more crap in there
they've got more like a sports main they
got loads of crap in it's just really
bad to like if anything just swap it for
something with no you know that's just
healthier . not that sugar free just
that as you can see we've left the house
we're gonna go and get a coffee but I'm
craving them iced tea I'm really into
them at the moment so yeah quite hungry
as well I know I just feel like we do
the same thing every day but everyone
eats every day
yes this is it got Jason during my
lawnmower doing the lawn mower that's
wrong
but that it's not good for my a visa I
was gonna close that window right there
I'm still some face away it's hang of
stuff feeling when I'm not having like a
fat day today and I'm not saying that I
think I'm fat or anything but you know
when you just feel fat like I feel feel
bloated I've really bloated I don't know
boy Oh anyway I'm gonna stop moaning oh
my god these flowers you guys saw but
that's so pretty clouds might be really
happy like if I'm feeling a bit pooi I
really like putting flowers I know that
sounds really girly but it's girly and
it's nice oh I just I'm not Shing Pixies
latest look and they're in New York and
sounds wearing the Hayden jumper or
Hayden jumpers say thanks Sam for
wearing that it's so cool to see it on
other people like anyone doesn't know if
it's a youtuber or a non youtuber it's
just awesome seeing people wearing
November night so thank you and we want
to send to Nick at different fees now
come you didn't know that she wouldn't
might not have likes a crop top this I
thought it's cut quite a kind of smart
smart ish crop top but I know not
everyone is comfortable in them so um
yeah anyway that's awesome I'll link
their video down below if you want to go
and have a little peep oh I'm gonna go
to hot yoga later I'm so I'm excited
because I took a few days off as you
guys know because I've been feeling a
bit under the weather so yes I can't
wait to go again and hopefully I won't
die like I did last time been editing
for about two hours or so I'm Jason's
been mowing the lawns and stuff and he's
been doing a lot of work stuff as well
and it is about 6 o'clock I'm gonna go
to a hot yoga class I'm so excited to go
I'm so happy that I found something that
some sort of exercise that I really love
doing cuz it doesn't even feel like
exercise it just feels like being
focused so yeah I'm gonna go leave in a
minute for that oh man it's so joy OOP
when I get back we'll probably make
dinner and no idea what we're gonna make
I want to be a bit healthier because
yesterday I like I try not to have white
pasta too much so I just felt a bit bad
after it even though it was nice but
then after that we were watching orange
is the new black and I literally
demolished a whole packet of
teasers to myself I'm like this morning
I just feel a bit groggy and I don't
know like it's more mentally than them
filling me up
but anyway does anyone else demolish
whole packets of more teasers please
like make me feel a bit better so yeah
hopefully healthiest dinner and then
chillin and try to vlog because I've
been shitty at vlogging so and before I
leave I saw that someone asked me I was
on a video or Instagram but someone
asked me about what you know what you
should wear to hot yoga and I guess like
people are different but I usually just
wear some kind of some kind of I don't
know you know like jogging bottom
whatever is comfy
honestly it's whatever is comfortable I
usually tie my hair up either in a bun
or I'll do a plat and then sometimes
when it gets really sweaty I just tuck
the plat in so it makes a bit of a bun
there and then sometimes I go in just a
sports bra because it's so hot you know
you're just dripping everywhere but all
sometimes I'll go with I got this from
H&M I really like it it's such a comfy
oh it's inside out just a loose top so
yeah
Beverley and what else just make sure
you've got water a towel definitely need
a towel and a yoga mat or borrow their
yoga mat but yeah that's it so a buff
dude most people wait like when they're
about they can pull out on you but they
wait there and they don't pull out of a
road and then like as soon as you get
mirror that looks like it
oh my god I am exhausted and challenging
it was so hot in there today
Oh like I might die okay I've sweated
out of every single pore in my body I
think I'm going out to Tesco and get
dinner but I just feel like collapsing
onto anything I don't care what it is
okay um I'll be back
be nice so sorry again because I didn't
end today's book Oh what should I just
new bag and there's a seat so it's kind
of like the day before but I'll try to
add stories blog properly that's right
as well there's a lot bit more exciting
kids ago that's London dropped onto it
moment anyway thank you guys for
watching don't forget subscribe and I'll
put all the links down below and we'll
see you guys soon
survive well I
