big night is Tuesday morning this
morning I just went to the doctor
because just when some others hate
people not to like your eyes it like I
they look really bad food for real
yeah I might
okay so I don't have much excuse for
today I mean I haven't looked very much
so far it's about 4 p.m.
should have people talk properly so it's
the doctors like I said she's given me
like a nasal spray and my drops have got
more - but pills so hopefully that will
help but I couldn't stop being moaning
and you know saying that I don't feel
well but I'm sure that I do have a cold
cross with Haiti because I feel even
worse anyway we were all we just had to
run some errands and kind of boring
stuff as well came back I've been
rapping some and okay packages to send
out and then I was editing the vlog well
this is a very exciting few now I'm just
gonna relax the bed cuz I just feel I
want to kind of you know recharge that I
feel a lot better tomorrow so I'm just
gonna make a bit of a snack though add
some tea and I thought to make up for
like not filming for a while I'll film
I'll film me making this this really
simple I probably should yeah I think I
have shown it before at a main channel
video but if you haven't seen that then
I make him that avocado on rye bread on
rye rye Vita so first right though it's
okay feels very soft I think it's okay
Franklin escaped out of the garden twice
today he's such a little poo to go
though I knocked on the door next door
but no over then so I have to go and
like quickly grab it I was like are
usually I'd use fresh labid but I don't
have one so I'm just gonna use jiff
there's another juice
smoked chili and garlic then I'm gonna
cut a little bit of red onion so this is
like a little bit of a weird wok
overlays okay grab a fork it just starts
pushing it oh I actually add olive oil
as well this is such a good healthy
snack really nutritious I'm so good to
you such a good fat don't know won't
tell me anything about it being fat
because it's a good time
how do you know what you're feeling a
bit rough like a lot of the time I do
crave bad tooth but a lot of the time
now nowadays the older I get I crave
good food because I know that well she
helped me to heal so I think it's like
citrus lemon and fruit and stuff
salt red pepper
get yourself a little plate get your
revita
look the treaty piping towels they're
gonna add some fresh pepper garlic
because another good healing property
and it gives it so much more flavor so I
just put it straight in and it just
comes through the skin anyway
it's a really good answer oxygen then I
just put it on and oh now I break them
right here right Pizza so for a
traditional book where there's actually
quite a lot here you're supposed to pick
coriander but I hate coriander it's like
one of my worst things in life like to
just place some teflon tape as well it's
fine but it's actually kind of filling
um and it's not a little dinner I'm
gonna go watch American Horror Story yes
I really like it
there's some sunflower seeds on top cuz
I love those I'm gonna stink like garlic
onion and that's not gonna want me to go
anywhere near him whoopsy
I'm making a I was supposed to be a
piranha linguini but I could get any
greenish so they're using I ain't no way
it is tucked Italian table it on reuse
excitedly attorney once I'll go tomatoes
a mozzarella I think they're telling
with a tomato and yes is it smarter
sauce for Marks and Spencers I was going
to make something separate but I just
don't up the energies right but are
still some adjacent
a pharmacy
parmigiano I'm gonna put a bit in so it
melts it and gives it a better flavor
and then we can always top off
afterwards
smoke that in I mean if anyone's
wondering these plates are from
somewhere that I now can't remember
where they from we didn't get them all
allegedly I write it down below so I'll
probably remember at some point I'm sure
so hurt there was a in the home base
yeah okay it was home base but it was
living live well or something I much
prefer shavings of parmesan to grate it
and I prefer rated by don't mind as
you're making it yeah thank you
hey guys so it's the next morning I'm so
sorry last night I was just so tired and
I just clocked out but thank you guys
for watching don't forget subscribe and
for me it's around Twitter check out
November night our cleaning round and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
