I just got off the phone with I think
it's British gas yeah and it was so
funny at the end of our phone call she
was like well throughout there we talked
to very many people today but I just
wanted to say one thing to you
you have a tremendous voice quality and
you're like manner on the telephone is
lovely and I was like oh thanks
that's weird looks like what some of a
compliment her for with her job Oh Oh
cute it's Monday morning no it's not
morning it's one o'clock I've been doing
all sorts of bits and bobs this morning
and just been like editing and sort the
house and stuff and yeah so Jason just
having a shower and then they're
probably head up to London maybe get
something to eat then we'll be meeting
someone who's gonna take us into the the
men's collection come up with a proper
table book the collections
a proper outfit cuz I just shoved off
some clothes this morning I think I so
we're on our way to London
yes brain-dead this morning I was just
like I said out here which creates the
feeling stuff this lipstick
do you ever think
forty Maryland
does anyone else have a bulldog that's a
lot last night because we feel like
there might be something wrong by
Franklin because he's so moany when he's
not with him and everything so gonna be
helpful he male we are London and
collections of menswear
one is my first fashion over that so
it's just really cool as we're going
with
Harvey Nichols
and that's a big difference
were back at the computer we practice on
to the doors these notes are so good
like who knows the show you see the
gravity reading quickly
it's just our three
it's like a good feed but also a rush
I've got a chicken salad thank you
so I just bumped tunes wish on Eve again
sorry
Shana we've met before once a month you
is it so people say monkey on monkey yes
I usually say won't be helped it's
tyrannize so cool so the show is really
good
we still gym there as well it's really
hard to get you in as well I'd have to
get wet for a bit it's really shiny
right now how would you find it
interesting some people they're dicks
but a lot of pieces actually they won't
even know them yeah like some of the
materials were
yeah and it's really really IV Nichols
menswear to happy wave has anyone been
to this place and so because we always
pass that we don't know if it's good or
not but it looks nice
nothing sorry on YouTube or something
yesterday
okay we're going in and then we're
getting some trimmings I realized that I
hadn't done an outfit of the day today
so I've taken my shoes off but I was
wearing my mother they called kind of
like mules like cutout mule shoes and
then on the top I'm wearing this top
from Topshop my November night arabela
skirt and this is from River Island that
was and then I was wearing my AllSaints
rucksack so ty had gonna get changed and
chill out a bit so Jason's gone to his
parents house quickly then he's gone to
go and get food we've got some food at
home but there is this Chinese place
that's not too far from us that it's
bloody amazing so I'm gonna get this
garlic broccoli that is so good and they
do these really good ribs hello I mean I
just can't wait sometimes for dinner I
don't know it when I'm hungry and it's
really late it's about 10 past 8:00 and
that's late for meeting you do so I just
been snacking on chocolate it's really
bad but I'm so hungry outside yeah you
had your dinner and you you've both had
it someone calls you ugly today about
Instagram focus frankly just most of
those I don't know why like I'll try
catch it let me know if any of your dogs
do this but I just we always wonder
what's wrong with him like he's had all
of his basic needs like going to the
toilet he's eaten
I got bruising my eye is from training
small and I've no idea how it happened
it must have been like an elbow or knee
from when I was wrestling so yeah we
were so excited Sam's not feeling very
well
it's got a bit of a cold makes it hay
fever so she's not doing too well
Blitzer she's gonna go to the doctor
tomorrow I had an anxiety attack early I
wish no I thought I'd share with you cos
it's natural for a lot of people so I'm
a bit
I feel drained and down still anxious
but that's part of it though I haven't
had one for a very long time and bless
you
it just came out nowhere for know well
obviously there must be some reason I've
got a lot going on very stressed and
lots of work and stuff but I also think
it could be to do with I'm taking some
medication at night to help me sleep it
might be to do with that I don't know
I'm gonna stop taking that and we'll see
but I should be fine going forward sorry
for this part of the vlogs a bit of a
downer but it's real life isn't it if
any of you do suffer from anxiety
depression oh but I do have why yeah I
do have a channel that talks about it
all and it's been helpful for a lot of
people I haven't updated it for a very
long time just because I've been so busy
with work and a lot of our stuff so I do
plan on doing another video but I don't
know when now
I mean if there is anything anyone in
particular once the seizures drop me an
email or comment or whatever hopefully
try and get to anyway about to watch
Game of Thrones Sony to Kira and we got
some donuts and one of them oh my god
have you had it oh we've got it was the
peanut butter one but peanut butter he's
making me like look at Franken Honegger
good you can do it Franklin go on it
just kind of stops he stops there
Franklin come on oh he's so lazy
goodbye look at this beautiful doughnut
oh my god I'm so excited that's the
salted caramel one and in there is the
peanut butter one but of half-eaten it
though signing off today's vlog because
as Jason said I'm not feeling too
sprightly I'm feeling really really
rough and just not good so thank you
guys for watching and we will see you
guys tomorrow
