just let some lovely subscribers what
are your names Oh lovely to meet you hey
guys it's Sunday morning
and I'm back I had to just take a day's
break because I just thought you know
like how many human and I think a lot of
things are getting on top of me at the
same time and just sometimes you need to
feel great and even though I didn't want
to take a break so I'm like if I'm doing
every single day I don't wanna lie and I
don't wanna be a failure but anyway I
feel a lot better after having just one
day off daily vlogging and you guys are
really easy on me I thought some people
would be like what the f so we're gonna
go out go to town grab a coffee
I think Jason's gonna go to the gym but
other than that I don't know what any
other plans are maybe making a nice
dinner or something yesterday I started
watching American Horror Story and I
loved it so far a lot of people told me
that I probably liked it but we never
started watching it cuz Jason doesn't
really like scary films and scared
anything scary whereas I love it because
I find it really I thought I'd lipstick
we find it really thrilling and exciting
to watch even though it scares you so I
was just sitting in bed for like an hour
or two just watching it and I really
liked it
the rainy or the first season but I feel
like watching more of that it's really
addictive oh I love the you know I think
kind of old she's not that old but like
the blonde woman cut of her name in it
she's got the daughter but I really like
her she's from my favorite character
she's really interesting yeah so I
really excited to get into other seasons
because like seasons because I know that
the actors and the actors change roles
so that would be really fun to watch so
I don't think I'm ready dressed for the
day I'm just wearing these trousers that
I got from a source which looked like
pajamas and a crop top but it's really
cold today so I'm just going to change
change outfits today
I did not feel like doing a winged liner
and I felt like just doing mascara my
head
really crazy recently I think I need to
condition it really well and at the
moment I've been using this instead up
so I usually use a gel liner no way a
gel brow cream for my brows but since
don't on the Charlotte Tilbury culture
I've been using the eyeshadow pencil
that I got from there and I really like
it I think it actually looks a little
bit more natural because I don't fill in
everything I just kind of do strokes so
I just think like that brow and the
front of that row I think looks a bit
more natural than usual let me know what
you think I need do it quickly so it's
not perfect but anyway I'm gonna change
and catch up with you look like a lion
but I wanted to share with you but I
okay mate you can't even tell now I cut
in a bit of a friend so that when it
falls oh sorry some bits are still on my
face when it falls it will be a bit more
comfortable because before it was kind
of like really long on my face okay
Corey doesn't make sense of my hair for
looks not but it feels a lot more
comfortable yes you'll see you'll see
the French I like it just put some
products in my hair but I just wanted to
share with you guys a bloody miracle for
my skin which I discovered last night
so yesterday I received in the post Juno
and Luna from Sunday riding obsessed
with Sunday riding and I've been eyeing
up Luna since it like before it came out
actually
it's an amazing like nightsoil and when
you put it on it's got retinol in it but
a really like a really good version of
retinol that's not too harsh for your
skin let me go so write a retinol that's
bit softer on your skin but works really
well as well because usually if you're
if you're gonna use retinol on your skin
you need to really high amounts of it to
work or you can use a really low amount
and then it probably takes longer to
work anyway basically this is really
good I used it for the first time last
night I wake up my skin was so soft it
was a lot clearer and I just love when
you see an actual result from a product
that like kind of promises a lot you
know so yeah I mean something one is not
cheap but there's so much science behind
it because she herself was like worked
in chemistry I'm forgetting the exact
thing but anyway she's kind of a
scientist herself so there's a lot of
science behind the products amazing
they're full of amazing ingredients so
I'll link it down below if you're
interested I've seen this so much on the
blogosphere as well so it's not just
like buy this it's expensive and you
know waste loads of money it's really
good so anyway that's my first
impression I'll let you guys know how I
got on with it more but first impression
is brilliant mmm quit out for the day
very normal I feel like I've dressed the
same all the time I'm wearing these kind
of Hajus made them there'll be like
harine pants but they're quite silky and
they're from hush you can't see them
properly in this light you know you go
yeah boots
All Saints top is American Apparel
jacket All Saints bag a sauce
I can run the corner you throwing it I
had a fright it looks really cool on
camera this is how he does it
come on I'll go this so I can use it
where plus my bike test
and it's white come straight to my teeth
we just spent another cocktail state had
some food and a copy and the across the
island the hospital I'm addicted
yeah we just want some land we've we're
at this little market bit in town and
there's bow and arrows and I really want
to dress up like Katniss you right let
me look there's all arrows
oh my god notice I'm in my element we
have found a Viking store these are all
real weapons what is happening
I'm so excited
actual powers and package Jason's
getting a sword with an axe as you do
and so I'm looking for this certain yoga
book so we're gonna go into all the
stones gonna have a quick look for it oh
my god yeah there wasn't one man who was
like oh she was amazing like it's
painfully that's like 360 flex look I
just spotted this book ghosts caught on
film Jason doesn't believe anything
stupid but I do
where's the ghost where is it what
these are a bit rubbish to be honest
damn it I don't the book that I want do
this ginger shop might help my sniffing
eNOS
so got home a little while ago mmm got
this drink again from prep fun fact
sometimes I get if I have a choice of
colour in anything like straws and
things like that so how's the guy thing
yellow because yellow is my mum's
favorite color and it reminds me of a
halo shout out so I'm just been kind of
watching PSU video they're like looking
at your comments and everything on
yesterday's vlog and it's just we need
cheered me up because I had a little
patch of you know everything getting a
bit much but just you guys really like
understood my cinema stalkers bear and I
don't know like you know what I just
have little runs and stuff and I just it
just like kind of reconfirms that we're
all just human like if you're a youtuber
you are allowed to know sometimes you
don't have to be like I love this and I
love this and I love everything
everything in life is perfect and stuff
because I'm not like that and you know
like coz I've been doing YouTube for so
long and it's changed so much since the
beginning and it you know it has it's
become such a squeaky clean thing and
I'm some of them have quite strong
opinions I'm not I'm not the most like
Larry opinionated person but I do have a
lot of opinions so there is a bit of a
struggle with like do you share all of
yourself I mean obviously you should
share all of yourself but people I don't
know like you know people or I get rid
of me touchy and it's kind of like do
you want all the hassle of it or do you
just cut it out and just not mention
certain things but why not mention it
because you know it's the thing about
YouTube is that we're all normal people
anyone can do YouTube and we all have
opinions so anyway I didn't think I was
gonna go down this little road of
conversation but I wanted to say that I
feel like filming a makeup tutorial
which is rare and all the time I feel
like doing style videos and I rarely get
actually inspired to do makeup
but I've been looking at the full oven
lemons
images and this isn't sports or anything
but I absolutely love them I like I love
the girls hair in them and I'll try to
put a picture and the makeup is divine
like sultry subtle makeup which I really
like as well so but I might film a
tutorial I'm not sure let's see how the
day goes
it's about three o'clock though but yeah
maybe I could do that we'll see focus
I've just got done filming and oh my god
I think I was filming for about two to
three hours I didn't expect it to take
this long so this look all that looks
like so in this camera this look will be
up on my channel god I don't know well
maybe next week I'll let you guys know
but yeah so it took so long because I
was trying to get this really really big
hair which I kind of did but I don't
know what's not to do now maybe go
downstairs or maybe watch American
Horror Story I think Jason might be
going to the gym so yeah I just a
relaxing evening I'll probably take off
some of this makeup so it's quite heavy
on the eyes I've got lashes on them
stuff so so now I have to play all this
up so I just took the pops out cuz they
haven't been out yet today let's see
they're literally tired are you tired
pups why do was to go no as new oiled
screen there no then after let you both
in there and then he was going nervous
I'll let you and in a Bex I need to do a
bit of work oh did you like them well
I'm gonna put on American Horror Story
and I'm gonna design I've got a design
I'm gonna draw up a design for a new
piece for November night so that's what
I'm doing here it's Halloween on this
American Horror Story episode it's
making me crave the way that my favorite
time of the year so far away after
after my birthday which is 10th of
August I just want it to be Halloween
they're all pretty much full now my
asthma is pretty bad tonight keep
getting that I'm really chesty I don't
know why so tonight it was my idea to
get Domino's mmm
I'm just crazy I hate you roped into it
yeah you've been doing really good with
health yeah I mean you just can't deny
Domino's or something that's it we just
had two really embarrassing might walk
that's a moment although my phone
browsing for something and a smells like
every can you check your emails cuz he
sent me one I was like also knowing my
phone in like shuffling around we're
gonna watch hitman and chill and eat and
then probably go to bed I've made myself
a little white wine spritzer she I'm
going training in the morning hopefully
so we'll go to London when I get yeah
I'm going to London collections tomorrow
it's exciting I've not been to many
social meet before or anything oh I just
figured out how to do stories on the
snapchat so you'll probably be seeing
quite a lot for me cuz I didn't know it
was that easy I thought you like ad
stories and then post them but you just
post and then it's just magical I've
been pacing summary random stuff so far
but yeah so that'll be fun
I'll try and post stories as daily as I
can't
so yeah is good pepperoni okay Oh
it's quite dark thing oh hey okay Riley
move it's not in focus
yes do ornaments and weddings on taking
my makeup off and stuff
thought I'd sign off and as always thank
you guys for watching and we'll see you
tomorrow yeah it should be a good day to
wear actually fashion II day bye guys
see ya
