morning everyone so we're on our way to
London at the my mother and so we're
going to this restaurant food west
thirties
which I'm so excited about it because I
still crazy I don't actually stop you I
just really like it and I saw that she
went there and then I we've been given
the opportunity to go there and like try
it out
and if she looks amazing
yeah that's all
as a morning for kind of midday early
afternoon
later on
is required on this chain
excite
she's very excited so we just got to
westphall
I think the neighbors
we're a little bit like quite hungry
spirits
and you have any quest for the smell
though but my Elf shoes on today there's
so pointy
wow it's like a gem in this snow area
guys look at this interior oh my god oh
my god it's amazing we were gonna be
seated outside there's a really nice
little party over there by 3d Hall and
it sounds weird it's hot but it was
outside but yeah it's kind of like
stuffy outside it's that weird
stuffy london day so inside is cooler
which sounds really weird also I'm going
to be doing a blog post on this meal and
everything so check that out if you're
interested
where is it based its kind of near
Notting Hill area it's in the kind of
in-between area so we got crab trifle
with rye bread and chicken wings so one
of my favorite ever
we might think that the chicken wings
here are the best chicken wings we've
ever had just closing slowly you don't
even have our main okay we just got our
names it looks amazing
so okay vegans leave us alone okay no I
really respect vegans but they can have
it again it's like obviously not all
vegans are like that uncle bacon friends
and they're lovely their fridge for a
long and social media go
you should make go vegan go bigger and
if you want to change the world yourself
by eating or whatever your views are
they're fine here is yourself
it's like anything's like religion
because it feels like they're like
people in the street that I like they
yelling at you so going from that vegan
talk we a full rap of rap rap a full
rack of ribs which sucks amendments look
at that layering another school skinny
fries
and this looks okay I'm trying to get
through these rifts and as I was doing
so I realized what was on my top ah look
at this time it's so big I'm gonna have
to tuck this in some my skirt so we just
finished our meal and it was so good the
food the quality of the food is amazing
here
and it's really nice because at this
time of day it's really quiet and really
chilled out and the music's nice and
then in the evenings when he's really
buzzing and everything but yeah the
service has been so nice all the waiters
are really friendly and lovely the ribs
were amazing you get so we've got a full
rack of ribs and we didn't need to get
that much cookin though it'd be that big
there's like a three-tier rack of ribs
because I'm not a massive massive found
a post up it's quite tasty yeah and
we're gonna get going I'm so sweaty I'm
gonna go and head over to Covent Garden
Walk this food off get a coffee and then
head home
ah screw that haven't been an outfit of
the day today this is my outfit of the
day my top is from a good fit my sir is
from ASOS I love it took quite clever
I'll link it down below my shoes at 8:00
sauce and my cardigan is 12 o'clock
that's a little look around some of the
men to my shop stuff oh my god I saw the
nicest green dress in Zara but they
didn't have my size but I might get that
so I waiting that we're going to you
when we go on holiday so I would get to
get online when I go home now we're just
on our way home it's really busy at the
moment and really stuffy and stuff so
yeah we're just taken to get home now
well on our way to go see droplet park
site sites we were just talking about
the other films and what ones are
favorite and I think we may think the
first one the second one I've only seen
like once or twice and I've never really
got really into reading like third one
though and let's go change because also
a comfortable and play there was not a
good night dude no good choice for this
this one's gonna be my favorite it's
just because of the effects on it'll
probably still be their number one and
then this one but I don't problem I'm
guessing that it will take over number
three be my next paper so you just like
on the film and I thought it was really
really really really really good and
really thrilling and like mister were
like well it really takes you away and
you don't get distracted earning there
yes engaging for the college apologizes
any thoughts
I really enjoyed yeah I recommend it I'd
say to go and give it a watch even if
you're not massively into Jurassic Park
it's just a good action-adventure film
yeah but the cinema was full
and I feel like in my vlogs I keep
moaning about things like I don't know
that
let's need this thing I shoulda just
people mentioning silly things and the
flog so and then I'm like all good do I
mention it don't I mention it and then I
mean in real life as well I'm not
worried I'm not like lollipops and
rainbows all the time I do moan about it
so one of my ramp things is definitely
people talking in the cinema the woman
next to me was speaking at this level
like she was just talking this there was
so many people around her and adjacent
gonna like it's just like oh my god
people behind us were like talking the
whole way through laughing at like quiet
bits but all the time
was might Bernard but if you were sent
my talker like Charla do you not I don't
to be made it's like you don't
understand that people can hear you it's
like you think you're in your own bubble
maybe not watching is a simpleton
cobbler but I know who I just felt like
people have caved a lot of money now as
well it used to be like five pounds
people have paid a lot of money to go
and watch a new film
let me know if that's one of your pet
peeves is also cambia my own it's so
sorry there's company on the road to see
today we're gonna go home chill maybe
I'll start editing this but stays but
quite good though we have some really
good food that I'm still full from we're
just getting petrol
today
thank you guys for your comments about
just saying that you're really enjoying
balloon because that's what really keeps
me motivated to keep you know filming
and editing every day
though back at home and I'm just um it's
the same vlogging but I meant editing
editing editing I just watching some
YouTube videos and stuff my Friday night
so crazy thank you guys watching um if
you seen drastic world as well let me
know what you thought of it and yeah I'm
not sure else to say so I'll just sign
off I'll see you guys tomorrow bright
and early as usual we were going to go
to Brighton swear by don't you think
that's one of cards anymore I don't know
what the weather's like anyway actually
also let me know who some of your
favorite youtubers are because I always
I always say that's what I always love
discovering new youtubers or if you're a
youtuber or a vlogger leave all your
like links everything down below because
I'd love to check some new people out J
that's it for today sorry if I offended
any cinema talkers I'll see you guys
tomorrow
