giggling honking of your tongue fun
doing it in the grass has been mowed
good morning everyone
I'm feeling a little bit worse for wear
I'm so sorry because I just like every
morning I'm like oh I don't feel and I
hate being like that but I woke up at
5:00 in the morning again because I was
just sneezing like crazy just intense
hay fever and you know once I wake up I
can't be about to sleep or just I don't
know why I just can't unless it's like
3:00 in the morning or 2:00 in the
morning or something I just stay awake
so I've just been editing the vlog and
doing a few emails and stuff before
everyone gets them to work I kind of
want to go to the doctor and ask if
they've got any stronger pills I could
take because it's just ruining my sleep
and I hate you know I don't want any
Meridian stuff it's such a nice day at
the moment I really I really I'm craving
to go to the Waffle House as a Waffle
House near us and we haven't been yet
and I really want to go so maybe I'll
talk Jason into going for lunch too I've
got to make some breakfast breakfast
they're gonna go outside and sit in the
Sun because why not
hello pops so there's a trainer on the
deal
okay I'm gonna dig in
yeah Ryles so good miles sorry they're
the one that being very cute
aren't you while I was working
everything I just started losing
momentum so much and my my eyes just
like dripping and stuff say I came
certain good to do like whatever like
all the time I need to do in bed sorry I
can't talk I just woke up from a nap cuz
gonna say but then I fell asleep I just
snapped so I feel I never nap it's just
like something I never ever do and
wherever I nap it means that something
is wrong so I think I'll snuffing for
like I don't know Jason might be able to
confirm that any feels like 10-15
minutes or something and waking up back
on the emails and editing photos and
stuff for my blog and I think we're
gonna write them before I head out in
about ten minutes or so to go and do the
MIT they're not gonna grab something to
eat
I don't think we'll go to the Waffle
House now just because actually I don't
really feel like something's really
sickly sweet damn it
we're on our way out just thought I'd
show you guys what I'm wearing
so I'm actually wearing a dress this
dress from American Apparel's like this
babydoll dress I know there and that
because I'm feeling like I've got a cold
or when it you know whatever to keep me
warm I'm wearing this lightweight jumper
which is from Topshop alright so you
love this she's a new from ASOS unless
he's shiny my baggers from Phoebe style
and of course I'm bringing my leather
jacket but I think that looks really
cute on top I like layering yeah just in
case I get cold
okay well my rails so he thought it
would put into a quick fix
I'm for the m18 but we've got there
I know it's not being confirmed I don't
like Stacey didn't have information he
was like yeah well don't do anything
tailgating so now we're trying to find
somewhere else
a lot of Carmen a really douchey like
not all comment because my uncle is a
mechanic and he like tales of people and
with cars and stuff and yeah but why is
it so I don't know them have to be dicks
just beat nice
so with testosterone I guess so since
I've looked last we went to Jamie's had
a spot of lunch I had a really nice
salad it was there was good it was such
a sweet tooth after I eat so we went to
go and get coffee at a good hatch but
also they do brownies oh my god it's so
soft and then oh okay so we went back to
where the car is being emptied it passed
its MOT well and now Jason's going to
get the tax dome for it so he's at the
post office and I'm just waiting for him
to come out of the post office and then
going back home gonna do more work
because I've got quite a few things
still that I need to do and then I'm
thinking of going to a hot yoga class
tonight about half 6:00 that'd be good
but because it's oh my god it's so hot
today it's like for us this is hot this
is like 23 degrees and I'm just singing
for hot yoga when it's hot outside the
rooms even hotter so I'm a bit worried
in case it gets too hot but we'll see
I'm Jason's gonna go to a mermaid
tonight so you might have an item of me
you could feel be back I think quite
late half 9 maybe 10 ish in the evening
we're gonna watch Jurassic Park
yes I'm such a big fan of drastic park
so I'm so excited and I love I love the
cast for this this new one it's about 25
past 6:00
and I'm going to a hot yoga class
Jason's going to MMA review really fit
starts good I just feel like when it's
getting there at the end of the week I'm
just trying to get in all the fitness
before the weekend I feel like the
weekends are more likely to not do it
even though I haven't doing it recently
because it's so addictive you're wearing
your seat belt oh boy I just forget if
you guys are Davis that's gonna call
buddy
yeah
yeah I haven't been in the mood to
vlogmas today to be totally honest
sundays are just not some some days you
feel like talking and walking and some
days we're all human but I'll look well
when I'm back at home after the class
basically just obsessed with yoga I'm
preachy but I'm not preaching I just
really enjoy it and I just share that
with you guys it's such a good class so
in case you guys wondered I go to feel
hot yoga and they're so nice here and
like I didn't know whether to say where
I go and stuff but I just want to share
where I go because there's such lovely
people and good teachers my favorite my
favorite teacher at moment is Charlotte
Charlotte peers yeah I'll link their
website down below but yeah it's so good
I've just got that but the dogs haven't
been out yet today so I'm gonna take
them out for a little walk ease because
they've been in the garden a lot today
but they haven't had a little walk so
I'll give them a little walk and it's
been really really hot today so that's
really not good for Bulldogs usually
because they overheat really easily so
now's a really good time so it's that a
half seven let's go come on that's not
too easy walking them on your own
I'm just thinking dinner and I forgot to
be vlogging so I'm not super hungry so
I'm just putting together like a salad
with lentils and then I just click
cooking from British beef because it
goes off today so it might as well you
got another wasted for probably on a
little bit of a high heat to do this I
will put the camera down but it's such a
just a quick meal because yeah I don't
feel like tons today
I'm gonna add some hoisin sauce hoisin
because I love this stuff to make
everything taste bloody amazing look
yeah they're quite proud of up Franklin
wine sitting near the pin box really
mister so it's about half nine and I've
just eaten I'm starving
Jason's on his way home and we're gonna
just chill watch film
I still got work to do but sort it this
time we're gonna watch a most violent
year because we've been wanting to watch
it for a while we both like both the
actors in it I love Charlie's Charlize
Theron she's so good like her face and
her acting and everything love her
anyway yeah so we got chill really sorry
yard today it's not been the best look
it's a very kind of usual day kind of
flawed can't thank you guys so much for
watching and love you lots hope you're
having a good day or night don't get
subscribe here with the pups
Riley Franklin say bye bye guys there's
not much in life more satisfying then I
McFlurry when you haven't had a McFly
for ages I've got a day milk one finally
Franklin
you weren't even like McFlurry you won't
like it trust me
