breakfast so you're hungry this morning
so I thought actually my little outfit
of the day which is very basic I'm just
wearing my pardon my french crop top
just some leggings my coat is I think
from Zara and All Saints boots
a sauce bag very casual kids we're just
doing yo you this okay my point dressing
up really that's not so unfortunately
Tasha can't come now also it's gonna be
Nikita and I which is fine I'm really
excited to meet her because I've watched
her for a while now and she's one of the
people mainly people that inspired me to
start doing yoga in the first place so
yeah it should be good I'm running a bit
late now because my trains been canceled
which I'm so annoyed about because I was
all stressing in the cab like he's
getting eat her and he was like he was
driving so slowly
yeah that's me that's me
thank you I always think while I'm on
the train I'll do my makeups on a day
and then I get to get into it London and
I forgot so I look I look like please do
my mascara and liner but anyway I
grabbed a copy just running slightly
slightly late we're at patois I always
forget
we put into our cars and we're just
something and it is
it's so colorful I got a carrot and
ginger juice it's actually really nice
well it's so flat today what we just
filled our bellies and we're going up
now to try University of course I really
like the kids it's kind of like my first
normally oh so good with all the others
in Kings Kings before I was anything
King Leo Kingsley yeah there's so many
things that if you haven't been in here
and if you're like visiting nonsense of
it it's a really good look of Carnaby
Street and there's tons of stuff here
and tons of food
just like the country get home safely
it's so nice to meet Makita it's such
that I have to rush off but I've got a
guy I'm going to the Charlotte selfie
concert to get my makeup done just about
one time who are we good it's crazy to
die on the street
well then it's gonna be able to fill
because some stores get fun either
here is everything that lovely makeup
artists used
thank you that was good ages it's like
six milk now sound like an hour long
food right I've gotta get home
guys I love this dress in H&M I know it
looks like a top but it is a dress but
this one's broke I need to find another
one this romance with the line and super
bad about looking like Aladdin
a salad
I've seen some accusations that Jason I
aren't giving Riley as much attention as
Franklin the thing it is when I've been
vlogging because Franklin's been
upstairs and stuff so I've been putting
the camera in his face but Riley is the
og dog of hogs here is some Riley for
you all power cut it just a social
dictionary right it's like the world's
against writing but you can tell it's
right it cuz if it is so okay that's so
weird
did it happen did you flip the switch oh
yeah yeah the people feel through Ryan
II really think it's not that thank you
we love Riley to this in all honesty we
love we give Riley just as much
attention and also Franklin's a lot more
clingy so much more clingy like he
whines all the time and we try else he
not to show him attention every time he
wins because then he will learn that he
should walk keep whining but he just
loves being around you whereas Riley
because he's a bit older he's more
mature like he he is fine with being on
his own for a bit so probably white
front handsome earth of looks is because
it's when we're giving him some time
okay we're missing a hammer so I'm just
signing off today's blog it's been a
really good day like this morning I was
they're anxious and stuff and the Suites
been busy as well even last week I was
like oh the next week will be better but
busyness is good right that's better
than not doing anything I'm just sitting
around being like or other nothing did
my life so yes so nice to meet Nikita
I've been watching her for ages will
since she starts it pretty much and
we've always like we've talked a lot on
social media and everything we were
saying for ages that we would you know
going to a yoga class in a week so he
finally got to do it and it was a really
good class really like not too difficult
not too easy I think the teacher was
called Laura or something I'll try and
put the teacher down below hopefully
I'll be seeing the keator again soon and
then it was also if he is not snorting
and snoring and weird sounds it's
Franklin he's down and then it was
awesome getting my makeup done by the
Charlotte Tilbury makeup oh my god the
girl that did my makeup is Charlotte
Tilbury the second assistant and she
goes she travels all the time of
Charlotte she just got back from Cannes
where she did Sienna Miller's makeup was
like whoa yeah she was really nice and
the makeup I don't know if you can see
it well the lighting is not great now
they're really like intense but quite in
this lighting I like it Robert Franklin
can you stop destroying everything I've
got to show you less attention now
because people think I've shown you too
much attention and people can't be
having that you know I should ignore you
tomorrow is a bit more of an at-home day
I think which is good because it's been
a bit Lots today and I'm gonna be
filming us at Samaria but yeah more
things may have fun I don't know yet oh
I got flu shots he'll bring like she did
my makeup and stuff and it was like I
was a pressured to buy anything I just
oh my god it's so hard not to get
anything after they do your makeup
really nice
so I thought I'd share with you guys
what I got only got three bits only it's
so expensive but worth it I got the lip
love lip renewing honey bee scrub
basically a lip scrub it smells really
nice I just really need more lip scrub
products because my lips get really
really dry I don't know why but probably
traveling around London I saw some
helpful day she did when I was actually
quite dark but I think she was putting
quite a lot of product on the clock
I've got the eyebrow pencil or was it
called brow lift
three-way shape lift and shape talk
looks like this similar to like the top
forward one and probably other brands
yeah so got that and hopefully like I'll
use it with a lighter hand maybe and it
will look a little bit you know not too
heavy even though I think in this life
it looks like I've got a lipstick which
is probably the best the most exciting
thing for me so I've got the kissing
lipstick a bitch perfect name it's such
a nice everyday shade like I'll wear it
maybe I work tomorrow if you guys you
can see it on I kind of don't want to
ruin it right now cuz its pristine but
yeah it looks like that and you can see
again my top yeah I mean I'm sure you
could find a jeep of this in like Gloria
or something but the formulas the
Charlotte so many formulas are just
amazing they're not drying at all they
last for ages they're really comfortable
yeah I find them quite nourishing as
well you also got something from H&M and
I got something from river up with wanna
know forever 21 but I'm gonna be doing a
haul video so that'll be on my main
channel
I think this Sunday so I won't show you
guys now and I do a proper haul video
and you guys will have to wait to learn
if you're interested listen sorry
oh I keep doing that now Jason does it
all the time I feel like I've picked up
from him
it feels good like all weird okay I'll
show you guys this quickly
Jason got Jason said
he was getting a little present for me
like I just have any surprise and then
look what he got like because I love
picking frames and pictures up from my
wall I finally put he just put this on
the wall for me which I love love that
Vogue cover so he got for me this
Marilyn Monroe picture which I love
because I that's more of an unusual
Marilyn picture like you know compared
to some pictures
it doesn't she look amazing and then an
Audrey Hepburn which is like a classic
and she's just such a classic beauty
icon and just a gorgeous face oh that's
so sweet thank you guys so much for
watching today's vlog as usual and don't
forget subscribe if you haven't liked
the video if you liked it I think that's
everything you can follow me on social
media it's at the Beauty crash my
snapchat is just Beauty crush and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
let me know of any Charlotte Selby
recommendations because I'm eyeing the
cleanse I look so good okay
