she's waking up I went to see but I'm
still bummed up I want to show you guys
my favorite awful morning so I wake up
come out after them and I'm not going to
see Franklin because like he's just so
cute you sleeping in his bed and if he
easily go down the stairs he gets out of
his bed but I was gonna catch them
before hey you think it have you think
dead little one
hello boys
the first time we've left them free like
Franklin uh Franklin free for the night
isn't it royal did you share your bed
very the pups love this butcher chillin
and then I fully special cup of tea
first thing in the morning
so it was so sniffily from the
dishwasher purpose
it's just orgasmic talk today so I'm
just gonna read all the questions again
but I think it says video read those are
all the questions and trying to think as
well it's easily let's take 30 as well
in the morning as I soak up the Sun I
don't know whether to do a whole in this
video X I think I'm definitely gonna do
at clothes hall so I can't wait to look
through okay I'm about to leave the
house I'm feeling so rough I actually
feel worse than I did yesterday I just
wanted to show you guys what I'm wearing
so I'm wearing this um jumpsuit it's
from Urban Outfitters and it has this
kind of bird of flight pattern on it
it's real pretty I just felt like
something quite you know simple that
would look nice when I'm sitting what
I'm sitting like this in Eagle yeah oh
god falling over and then I've just put
um like metallic sandals on the bottom
because no one's really gonna see my
feet I can't be asked to wear heels
today so right I used a bit of my I use
a little bit of my quite tight curly
curler to add some proper curls into my
hair cuz after dyeing the hair and stuff
some of the curls have become less
defined so yeah and I've just done a
usual face I've whacked on Laura Mercier
silk cream foundations I need it to look
quite you know full of coverage and a
few Charlotte Tilbury highlighter and
bronzer and nothing's on my lips at the
moment the taxis here so I'd better go
downstairs he's early they're always
early but yeah I'm just hoping that I'd
be okay
panel but um more so because I really
don't feel well so I don't know if I'll
be able to think properly but right I'm
gonna say goodbye to all the boys
downstairs
I'll be off I'm just wearing a leather
jacket on top of this my Julie that was
so sweet he was just like I feel like he
was even really angry on the road and
stuff for them to me he was so lovely it
wasn't Addison Lee driver and so I think
I'm here just looking for cat who is my
talent manager and she's here to like
support me like support me and help me
if I need any help I'm not sure where I
am
it's kind of for the south bank so it's
for ITV's big thing
let's welcome over to Sarah guiding
these direction of online it's called
pack and four of the UK's biggest
YouTube stars
this is beyond me
but then I really like to keep doing how
do you make money but how do you
actually do you
I think it's not too late to make your
own YouTube account watch some cat
videos and understand it it is a new
scary world Thank You T that was like
the worst journey home it was just there
was so much traffic coming out of London
but I guess it was about near five when
we left my rooms so messy so I thought
I'd do a little kind of debrief of the
talk so I couldn't get much footage when
I was in there because once we went here
we went into the green room like where
the people when people are gonna go into
talks and stuff they go in there just
before get ready and everything and they
said and I was pretty much only in there
and they said the only place I couldn't
film was in there so what I've damnit
but you didn't really miss too much I
was just kind of getting ready and they
did my hair and makeup and we met
Phillip Schofield and
the guy named Paul instead height sat
down and Phil and Charlie McDonnell I
think I said McDonald yesterday
there but they're both sides are all
really lovely and yeah then we went on
and I was quite nervous before we went
on and like my heart was beating really
hard and everything but I think it was
fine like I don't I didn't really mess
up or anything that badly some like yeah
and the questions weren't too hard to
answer and they were just about you know
what we do is youtubers and why YouTube
has taken off so much compared to TV and
what makes people interested in YouTube
instead of you know going to watch TV in
the evening and about how we make money
on YouTube things like that oh I really
wanted to get a picture with Phillip
Schofield but he disappeared no we
disappeared after it and I didn't get a
chance I'd have been really cool I don't
think you can't you guys can see a
recording of the whole thing so it was
just kind of an internal itv bang but if
you could then I would have tried I
would have tried to get a few did you
call me oh yeah but it was just really
cool that ITV asked us to go on on and
talk about what we do like this just
this so weird like since you're young I
TVs just like be set like generally used
to be only five channels here some of
you might might be too young to remember
but I remember when there was only five
channels it's like I TVs really weird
and they want to know about us and and
you guys you guys watching they want to
know about like while I was vlogging
last time the camera just ran out of
battery I could put mid-conversation
although so my hair I feel really weird
with my hair this curly I feel like diva
we've got to take away tonight we're
both not feeling very well and we're not
good we're gonna eat and watch film and
relax I don't think this vlogs gonna be
that long and I'm sorry I just don't
have a lot of energy today I think we
used all the energy I had on the panel
and we don't want to watch so we're just
trying to decide I should probably be
deciding
I'll join the film Royals
thank you in back that's a big rush
I feel like a bit like Goldilocks and we
just watched it happen we just watched X
machinae because of my things that
things one of those films at the cinema
that we kept seeing at the time and then
we just inked it around to watching it
and like at the beginning we thought it
was pretty good and then I don't know
like when as into it as it went on and I
don't know ruin it for anyone but the
story wasn't amazing checking out my
snaps because the videos
yesterday's looks gone live so you guys
have seen what my snapchat isn't start
oh and over my main channel is now the
floor no way the video that I did when I
went to Paris so you can go and see what
that was all about
should I just say in the vlog yeah so I
feel to make up tutorial winged liner
one and it was inspired by the character
Alex Vause from oranges new black
so I did that in Paris in a in a hotel
room and Alex and Laverne come into into
the video so it's so cool and surreal so
if you guys want to see that I'll link
it down below and it's just like I just
saw the video it would be quite cool
because you guys have seen me do your
wings liner before but it's kind of an
updated while I'm using different
products I'm in a different location and
it's a bit more summery because I do a
bit of my face in the video as well
someone asked how you're liking the game
in the comments really cool to meet them
that's great a contour is hard and I
when we were going through to the room
where I was filming I peeked a glance
peeked a glance peek to look I peeked at
Piper and crazy eyes was like ah let me
know your favorite oranges any black
characters because I think mine's red
and I do like Alex as well actually and
I like what's-her-name v'n latina one Oh
Jim and her name
that she's like seeing that prison the
god yeah so it's just been really fun
looking at everyone's comments because
everyone's like freaking out they're
like wow I think you mentioned this
flip-flop Fiasco okay so these have been
chewed not this one but the other one so
Jason's on the hunt some shoes we're
going away in July what do you think
about these flip-flops sorry it's so
dark it was telling in the darkness like
vampires I don't know where to get these
ones they're really comfortable yeah
they do that though I smart I am
notorious for complaining about
flip-flops I just hate them I never wear
them but come around to it I think you
don't like flip-flops and the sound is
very decent everyone is like the problem
okay signing off for the night as always
thank you guys for watching don't forget
to subscribe give the video a like if
you liked it tomorrow I'm going back up
to London I'm going to be doing a yoga
class with the lovely Nikita from
Indigo's moon and also Tosh is going as
well so I'm really excited for summer it
feels really nice and always good to get
the sport of yoga in when I can yeah
today was just really cool really it's
always surreal and I feel like I always
say that word but whenever I do things
that are you know when I invited to
talks and stuff it's just so quick I
always feel like why do people value my
opinion about things that I'm not a
spokesperson or perfect or you know just
a normal girl fun fact this t-shirt
right I love because it's the t-shirt
the Jason wall we had our first kind of
proper date kind of like meeting and a
bit of a date so it always reminds me
the first time
well like the second time that I ever
saw him so yeah he doesn't really work
much but I think he didn't know it was
at my clothes room
isn't it cool so I'm gonna go wash off
all this slapped I will see you guys
bright and early
hi I'm tired hope guys all well and
thank you for watching again my
