let's see you ready to go say hello it's
not nervous today we are going to where
we go we gotta go where should we go to
being cute
we're going to thank you first no I
don't know well for proud huh so make
some very lights for the tricks we've
got some really nice ones but yeah
there's no enough of them we got there
were nice ones but they're just there's
like 20 on each or something they don't
cover the tree so we need to get some we
need to get some more do not want to do
I will just play xbox for the entire
month of December but might not happen
I'm also picking up my new Xbox today
not exciting for me at all I start
saving up for this 4k monitor which I
have next to my iMac and I use it for
when I when I do editing I'll hold on to
screen and I'm x5k and the monitors for
case anyway I bought this 4k monitor I
saved off ages for coming out and it's
which is 4k so I'm really really excited
about it I've not I can't I don't even
remember how to hold one of these little
things I don't think any of you have
seen my office this is my office slash
concerta is my cactus haven't named him
yet
iMac and monitor Frank's s s s s it's
been giving me lots of cuddles recently
which is the best thing oh thank you I
just thought I'd show you guys what I'm
wearing quickly before we go out but
it's super kind of casual and Monday ish
this beanie I love though I got it from
all over bonus the other day and I was
so happy with it look how cute it is
it's really good quality as well yeah
and then I'm wearing my this top is from
Topshop recently then my old dome jacket
always going to see the rest just
trainers and Topshop jeans this is now
my kind of indie changing back it's
from Matson nuts and it's a vegan it's a
vegan brand and I really like it I
really love the color
anyway um let's go the car thank you
first we're gonna get our Christmas
lights to finish off our tree and then
where we going next we are going to us
indeed
and then boots well I'm going to yeah we
didn't find any nice light so we're
headed into home tense whoa so I've just
found these two and I'm actually in love
because I think they might like
something from Graham and green or
Liberty or something do you like $6.99
Jason doesn't like them but I might make
us get the best purchase of the whole
day picking up a few potentials really
nothing exciting I might look for a few
hair products as well while I'm here but
yeah she's not very happy today I don't
know why so I picked this some white arm
bib on her so that she couldn't kind of
practice feeding herself so good a bit
messily I think she gets the general
idea to turn the telly off
okay okay let's clean him up did you
like that enjoyable I just fed her the
rest and now I'm letting her play with
the Shh
she had a little meltdown these days you
know boss we're doing a winter
wonderland theme for in these birthday
and if you look behind there's the
there's those big kind of double doors
I'm gonna make these chin-up bars into
clothes rail and I'm gonna make it like
the Narnia witch in the woods rug closet
and we're gonna hang coats around I'm
gonna make like a probably a cardboard
like front well that's the NASA Davis
don't worry I'm gonna cut it fear not I
am fearing you're gonna Davis it oh I'm
not brilliant Frank's trying on his new
outfit
not impressed
why do people do this to me morning guys
it is day 4 yep therefore I'm not only
kind of half ready because I I was
rushing around with Indy this morning
and then I went back home then I talked
some bit of makeup because I'm just
gonna go and get my nails done quickly
and and yeah like look they're just
they're just so gross I need to get them
done so I'm gonna go get my nails done
and then I'm headed home and she's gonna
work I think in a film yeah I I'm not
feeling very well I was really ill last
night and which was horrible and I'm
someone who hardly ever gets a oh I feel
like I've got a really good immune
system but yeah last night at like 1:00
a.m. I was ill aren't going to detail
it's annoying when it's on a day where I
need to film as well because you know
filming is like but maybe I get a bit of
energy later on right I'm gonna leave I
mean leave the cars I say I'm gonna
leave I really wanted to finish off the
vlog yesterday but I started feeling
sick in need like afternoon and evening
so I couldn't really put my finger on
why I felt sick it turns out I was
really ill like my body was gearing up
to be ill but yeah so I didn't really do
much last night and also we
didn't find good light so we couldn't we
really want to finish the tree but we
didn't find any lights and you know
you've got to kind of put the lights on
first and then the decorations yeah
that's one hold a bit which is really
annoying what's the time right I've got
10 minutes gonna go in a girl
we got some cuts and likes my idea we
haven't done the trigger but we actually
got some we got the LEDs in this morning
I kind of need your help here we go or
I'll put the camera down all right we're
ready people found it funny cuz they
could hear you swearing at your xbox in
the back yeah it's really nice yeah
we'll show you guys at nights it will
look a bit
hey guys I'm just in my office room at
the moment I've got my nails done I went
for a car that's called for dog Jesus I
went Fedora I'm trying to set up to film
but you haven't missed that much I've
just been doing kind of work admin stuff
so I just filmed my huge haul video
which has made me a bit perkier sorry
the light things because the light thing
has to be kind of safe breaks it's so
dark in here
but then when I come to vlog it makes it
super super right and then now I need to
do my cutaways for the video I'm not
sure that to do them in this in my
office
hey or in my like my old rave room
I've never not to call it like dressing
room wardrobe room yeah so I need to do
that and then maybe I can get a bit if I
have to start editing it as well and I'm
feeling a bit better actually which is
nice I don't know if it's because I've
kind of been distracted but I'm not
thinking about how bad I feel because
you know when you're not well and that's
all you think about you're just like oh
all day but this is random but Jamie
Genevieve I was saying her name right
how her makeup is just from phenomena I
can't do it today but I wish I could do
my makeup like that I just I need
teaching or I don't have the right face
for it I don't know but she is just
stunning isn't she so I was scrolling my
Instagram and her pitch came up I'm
gonna get on with my cutaways this is
the pile of clothes
ah and I'm listing I saw yesterday
recommend this play I hope it was this
one anyway and this playlist on Spotify
and I'm loving it I'm only on the first
song
focus focus focus right the start of
Indies gnarnia wardrobe is beginning
today I'm going to cut these bars to
make the to make the rail and we'll go
from there
okay that's dumb
next step is I've got a stick the to
stick the two bars together or look how
Cody's you can't really see yeah yeah
you got to I've got to stick the two
bars together and then wedge them in and
then I'm gonna make a giant cardboard
front as a wardrobe and I'm gonna draw
on it and stuff until we had a walk
through so I've just finished doing my
cutaways and I've tried everything on
obviously I didn't want to show you guys
any of the things until I upload the
actual video but this dress I thought
I'd give you guys a little bit of a
sneaky peek because I love it and it
really reminds me of the realisation
power dresses you know there but it's
wrap waist and on the back it has an
opening as well oh my god but I love it
like the foot it has such a nice fall on
it it kind of drapes around as you walk
so I just I had to like either no
sneakily show that to you guys before
the video goes up and I'll link it down
below so you guys can check out if you
want to these earrings are also a sauce
but I don't want to give away too much I
think I found some really good gems on
there oh I shouldn't I just thought I
shouldn't have shown you guys this
actually because I'm gonna wear this in
my I've got a Christmas party coming up
and I'm gonna wear this so you guys are
gonna see it twice but that's fine
look at this box of perfectness it's
perfect
but look oh my god I got this from Jay
Malone today thank you so much joy
ballon um I'm in my element
Christmas miniatures candle collection
there's grapefruit putting the pony
granite Noir nectarine blossom and honey
this is one of my favorites and sweet
almond a macaroon I've always wanted
this candle so I'm so excited to have
the mini and frosted cherry and clove
which sounds amazing I haven't smelled
this one before but I just wanted to
show you guys I'll try and lick it down
below it should be available it's a few
hours later and we're just well
menu Jason did we put in the rest of the
lights on the tree finally I think it
will go it will work really well because
these lights are so pretty there they're
really really small ones I love the
small ones I'm not because that now the
big ones look too much we have another
pack of the small ones we can take the
big ones
oh hey guys please excuse my face-i it's
been a bit of a long morning I didn't
want this flipped it ends too abruptly
thank you guys for watching and we'll
see you tomorrow the next one shouldn't
be a two-day one it will be a one-day
one don't forget to subscribe if you
want to stay updated with us give the
video a like if you liked it the whole
spiel I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
