I think it's about half 7i I've been up
since 4:00 in the morning because of hay
fever I just oh I'm so pumped up I don't
know if it's hay fever or a cold but it
happened the other day and I think it
was hay fever oh I've just been
downstairs editing yesterday's vlog oh
I've really wanted to go to yoga today
but I don't know for what I feel good
enough to go but maybe it will help
I don't know I had a slice of peanut
butter toast - it was so rough Jason
still sleeping still ready just gonna
make some breakfast in hopes that it'll
make me feel help me feel a little bit
better and give me a bit of energy and
oh god Sarah if I had a shower and stuff
so you know like you know when you're
feeling crap if you just start to get
ready and start to do your usual routine
it does really help you start to feel a
bit better
hey Bubba ladies over here
why was Nautilus one you had a go at
finally like I was sitting on the sofa
and sometimes he just gets really moved
in and you kind of went a Franklin say
he's not a sofa privileges just watching
fun for Louie I loved watching his vlogs
when I need a bit of like cheering up I
know that sounds weird but he's always
in really high spirits and stuff and
then I just love seeing where he goes
and it's really inspiring
okay this is my breakfast smoked salmon
I've got this like kind of lettuce Cup I
mean it's kale but came in a bag like
lettuce and then I made some scrambled
ish eggs
avocado and then I've got this dill
dressing that I quite like so I put a
little bit of this on top it's just from
Sainsbury's besides just go to yoga
because it might make me feel a bit
better just run down the whole street to
get here cuz jason dropped me off at the
concert at the end of this road it
starts kind of now so hot yoga was
challenging but goods and for the first
few minutes ourselves kind of sniffling
a lot and stuff and then by the end of
it I really got into it but at the very
end when you go to a fastener which is
where you just lay and kind of reap the
benefits of the whole class and
everything and relax I've never been
that close to sleeping in a class before
I had to keep like shaking myself to
wake myself up I'm so tired cuz like I
never obviously get up at 4:00 in the
morning I feel so tired if you like I
need a nap or something but once I'm
just like I'm just one of these people
that once I'm up I'm on and when it's
daylight outside I can't fall asleep
again but yeah so I'm just a little oh
god doctor as usual but it's worse today
I'm just getting ready for the day and
I'm just watching code kosher I feel
like I might say her name wrong but I
did the panel I was next her on the
beautiful panel and she's so so lovely
I'm just watching her video with Cheryl
so the food was Cheryl Cole and it's now
cheryl fernandez-versini I didn't know
that I'm so far behind in pop culture
but it's really cool I'll link the video
down below it's really cool that she got
to interview her she's really I mean
coach Joe is really calm and put
together and stuff I'd be kind of
nervous I think yeah so that's me
the time I think it's about yeah it's
about half twelve I'd like to go to town
and get a coffee or something and I also
don't know whether to film I always get
like this I don't know whether to film a
video because when I've got time to do
it on my car I might as well do it and
then I don't know Mike I don't know what
to film anyway I'll go and I'll be back
now I'm doing some editing I'm just
gonna edit this week's video for my main
channel and then I need to feel one but
I think I might feel on Thursday because
I've read a lot to film today if you
guys have any requests for my main
channel videos leave them down below
please it will help you so much please I
have a droughts every now and then Oh
cameraman Jason still at the MMA gym
ever made class hoping he's having a
good session
he said he was gonna film a little bit
while there so hopefully that'll be good
just I'm trying to make a little
thumbnail of my it's gonna be a Q&A
video it's going up oh no it's going up
Thursday so it won't be up yet when you
guys see this baby up soon
it's so confusing when you have daily
vlogging with all the date also some
people have said I should get snapchat
and I do actually have snapchat and it's
et crush so you can add me on no way I'd
follow I don't know of it behind
researcher but I love seeing your snaps
to me
when I was watching uni pebbles everyday
May oh I've just texted me saying sad
cuz she watches the blogs she said Sam
be careful when you're filming in the
car you need to concentrate
mum everyone else is on my case leave me
alone okay I've not done a snapchat
story yet because I don't really
actually know how it's probably really
easy isn't it but I'll try and do that I
try and do snapchat stories because that
sounds good BL is gonna say that I'd
love to share if you guys send me your
snaps oh that's also like Lily pebbles
did that she kind of showed you know
people that snapped her snapchat at her
I don't know the lingo just it was
really nice it's kind of a really nice
connection so um leave it down below if
you really wouldn't want to be in the
vlog and be exposed on YouTube well
hopefully you won't be placing anything
bad let me know otherwise every now and
then I could show some of your snaps and
that'll be really cool and yeah I'm
sorry if I don't reply to everyone snaps
I try to reply it so quite a few but I
see a lot of them so yeah I need to get
back on it because I kind of is slacking
on snapchat I do a little outfit of the
day so my jacket is all saints' I look
really smart but I feel really poor
maybe I don't compensate that I feel I
love these jeans these are like my most
straight cut jeans that I have they're
from Zara or a source I don't remember
crap open it like we've got one rip in
in there but I'll show you it without
the jacket cuz I prefer it like that so
I've tucked in this shirt all the shots
from monkey sorry monkey whatever and
then I think I'll just wear my Topshop
ballet flats and that's my outfit today
oh not many more details okay that
didn't last long I changed to more of a
cash outfit because I just don't feel
well enough to try and like pretend to
be comfortable in a white shirt so this
is from Zara this top my jacket my
jacket is from ASOS I love it so comfy
and kind of smart the ticks all the
boxes I linked as many of these pieces
of like as I can down below because I
know this jackets still on a sauce if
you guys are interested and in these
daily vlogs whenever I'm wearing
something or no well not every time but
I always try and link what I'm wearing
and everything down below so always
check out the down bar if you're
interested so we've come to leave these
than under because I'm feeling a bit
sorry for myself and we're going to
agree
sweetie nice here it's very nice at you
I'm just gonna get a salad
are you getting
just in weeks they'll get essentially
shampoo so we come to Dunkin Donuts
which I've been avoiding for months
months because I know it's really bad
but I just don't care today I just went
to pick a parcel up that so wasn't worth
going all the way to the post office
place so I've just been tithing house
and editing a video and I'm just totally
running out of energy now I'm so I'm
crashing so much well it was really
bright so I just feel like I'm kind of
laying down or sitting down for a minute
but I just have this thing like when
it's during the week and it's not kind
of past actually is near sick but when
it's not past 6:00 p.m. or something I
feel really guilty if I I'm just like
sitting around doing nothing like cuz my
job isn't an office I just feel like I
should be definitely working like doing
my own sort of work who in normal office
hours I don't know if any other
youtubers like that I don't know where
it came from but I've kind of developed
this thing off like I just can't sit
around in nothing off because I feel
like a bum so anyway I'm just going to
let myself sit down for a little bit
because I feel I just can't I can't edit
anymore I'm so sleepy
so yeah tomorrow I've got a talk I'm
gonna be doing a talk with ITV kind of
to the itv industry people and Philip
Schofield is gonna be like conducting
the interview which is really exciting
and I think it's Dan Phil and Charlie
McDonald's what Donnell will be on the
panel with me so yeah it's Amuro should
be a good day I'm not even that nervous
about it I'm just like with panels now
I'm just like if anything goes wrong
doesn't really matter I kept more
worried about meeting people it's just
say wait anyway so I don't looking a
have for dinner tonight but it's one of
those days where I'm kind of hungry all
day I've been nibbling at the donut that
I go
and maybe I'll just like sit and read
for a little bit
Riley what's this what have you done to
the poof buffet
Riley today Franklin is actually getting
his own back because usually Riley does
the bullying if he's got something
yesterday Franklin's got it this bone
and he's like no everything come near me
yeah and then Riley's kind of scared
which never happens
Buzzard have you realized you don't have
balls so I just have them raspy Oh
raspberry probably raspberry glaze
doughnut from done potatoes I give it
around a hey on the doughnut scale for
such 5 out of 10 I think Krispy Kreme I
can't think of Jason like used to like
the white max almost used to do were
they cinnamon doughnuts cinnamon
doughnuts and I never tried it but and
that was supposed to be good let me know
what you think are the best doughnuts oh
also sent Jon's bakery that was good
let me know what you think the best
doughnuts are I don't love to go and try
it out purely for professional purposes
for review purposes Krispy Kreme
doughnuts are like a 9 out of 10 I bet
you guys in the US have an amazing
doughnut places and Canada so what's
happening here with the dogs is
Franklin's got the end of this bone why
he's got the rest of the bone and then
they're kind of going around in circles
I think they're kind of taunting each
other if I try and get it from him he'll
run carry other
look like he was playing earlier girls
at the second age came into the room
farted
little thing with basil and then we've I
made that was silent someone makes
another looks very good okay so I'm
about to just get ready for bed because
it's it's almost 11:00 oh god it's
almost 11 o'clock and I haven't set was
today as you guys know about it thank
you guys for watching today was a little
bit of a mid day but tomorrow I'm going
up to London and stuff so yeah that
would be bit better just wanted to touch
base a little bit with like a lot of the
comments that I'm getting and stuff most
of them are totally fine honestly what
most people are just lovely on the vlog
comments but I've just noticed it's
doing daily vlogging people are a lot
more like I don't know like trying to
notice anything like anything that they
think isn't perfect and stuff like I
know me wearing a seatbelt the wrong way
that's a bit different cuz yeah that is
dangerous and I will try to wear at this
the right way it's not like I'm trying
to be rebellious and like I just
honestly forget what we are wearing it
anyway let's try to forget about the
seatbelt drama but yeah apart from that
just um like small things you know like
small dicks and stuff I know it's like
part of YouTube but it just brings all
the comments down a bit and like really
like in the grand scheme of life me not
very mowing like there me not mowing my
lawn not having the lawn mowed or I
don't know anything I can't remember now
there's been some there's been a few
like odd ones um just chill like Odin
I've I feel like assume a few people
take life way too seriously like you try
remember that quote if you're worrying
about something just think will it
matter ten years from now no like my
grass is not gonna matter to you in ten
years
yeah I try and keep this looks quite
light-hearted and I just like trying to
put positive energy out there and it's a
bit silly when people focus oh speaking
of focus
come back it could just be a bit so you
want people focus on like just pointing
out stuff like as no anyway it doesn't
upset me it's just more a bit annoying
and like it's like someone poking you
all the time in the room so yeah
stop picking guys but most of you have
bloody lovely least pick my nails for
tomorrow my they're not color to do I'm
gonna go to bed I'll see you guys bright
and early hopefully hopefully not a four
though in the morning don't forget
subscribe give them a video a thumbs up
if you liked it and that's about it okay
see you guys tomorrow
