meanwhile I'm trying to get ready the
day yeah morning everyone I feel like I
look really tan today that's good it's
the seventh I feel like I realized that
every day I haven't been saying like
when it was what it was vlogmas every
day I was like oh it's the you know the
date so anyway um we're about to go out
for breakfast because we're really
hungry it's about wow no half 12 I've
been editing and stuff this morning put
a video up my main channel and we've got
a bit of a mixed bag of the day we've
gotta run some errands and stuff and
then late so we're having a nice
barbecue not ours little outfit of the
day and we're I feel like this top looks
really annoying when you're wearing a
bra though this top is from Zara and
then jeans are from ASOS there are the
ones with a little bit and then shoes
are from Urban Outfitters but just white
Birkenstocks and my bag is vintage from
ages ago
I like your style choices today do you
like my not sad or hot dog food he won't
oh here's how I ignored him no matter
how many times we leave the house you're
always managed to forget something
- way to address yesterday's look
yes please no day for yesterday's I was
driving and okay so I always wear a
seatbelt like I don't say well officer
always wear a seatbelt
I do wear it the wrong way which makes
it less effective so I don't know why do
it it's just so deeply ingrained in me
for some reason
when I was younger this is like the
seatbelt explanation when I was younger
when I'll sorry my mom's car and
everything I used to find it so
uncomfortable cuz it's right near your
neck and it's right on your food it's
really annoying so whenever I get in the
car I put it across me and then I do
this and I tuck it under here so when
you see me driving and it looks like I
don't have fever on it's under my arm
first
I've got american-style blueberry
pancakes with bacon Jason cosmos in
English I've got over a Custer Pete
tries to Jason taking it very personally
cuz I'm not drinking caffeine I just
don't feel like caffeine
and it's nice it's really refreshing
look like all that milk that makes me
feel all heavy
here's a little fun fact sometimes
Jason's fingers can't touch screens and
it's really funny and then I have to do
it like when we get the chain ticket and
anyone seen the VIP in the Simpsons
we're home decides to just become really
big it's nothing to do being big
honestly it's just your fingers its size
they are but he tries to dial it's so
funny you need to get like it's does he
go bigger telephone anyway he's in an
emergency he can't die orders hilarious
and pets at home to get the dog food I
like this one I used to have one like
this where the lot the ears oh that one
house off years as well but then it's a
nice decent feed shopping which you
really don't feel like doing when it's
like 19 degrees outside in the middle of
the day
okay there's new covers yes oh love this
yeah getting this
I crave want food but that's rubbish
that cover not her she's probably a nice
lady but I don't like that either man Oh
enough jessica chastain but okay this
one I like a bit of Janie smooth I
would've got the ball rolling here he
doesn't like himself
oh I'll get some sun-dried tomatoes
Three Olives on top of this or just some
drugs matters thank you what's your name
got your olives sorry I just want to
show you guys what I always pick up when
I am like when I make food at home and
then I want the the carbs part of it I
usually get lentils like I look at this
that's good as well I try this and I
love these
they're not my drink over Franklin
about to dye my hair again because it's
just still to oranjee for me I'm using
the nice and easy I've got my gross hair
dyeing tunnel I'm using nice and easy
natural media posh blonde 8a and this is
what I always used to get my hair the
color the color that I like it which is
like a kind of a sheet blunt going for
that prisoner by I really hope it works
because I've dyed it already like twice
so fingers crossed and I usually just
watch youtube videos while I do that at
the moment I'm watching the sparkle it's
just who I love I link her channel down
below she's really like she talked to me
normally and calm and down-to-earth and
stuff so yeah it's just that I'm like
body image issues and loads of different
topics as well not just that but okay
I'm gonna get to it
okay I've done it yeah I'm quite happy
don't needs to lighten up any um cuz
it's still wet but I mean it still looks
a little bit warm but I think it's wet
yay okay so what we're doing now now
Jason's gone to the gym so I'm gonna do
some editing or something chill with the
dogs and maybe make a little snack our
breakfast wasn't the best so yeah my
pancakes are a bit dry so yeah you know
when you're really excited to have a
really good meal and like if you're
gonna have something naughty like
pancakes or something you're like oh
yeah it better be really good and then
it wasn't amazing so I was like oh I got
the pancakes with nothing I'm just
editing yesterday's vlog gonna just sit
there like he's so cute fellow he just
smashes his face I notice a phone he's
like what are you doing just zip up I
don't know if you guys have seen but
they ruined
maybe we've said it already but look
that thought that saying this thing was
expensive as well like this'll came as a
set and we left them for what I know
like half an hour or something one day
and that happened when you're gonna
bring home a lovely girl when are we
gonna meet her right but no bones
oh no oh god fret heads so strong and
clumsy but when they play he easily can
look you over
I don't know the dogs but I'm pretty
happy with it this is like Sunday we
open new work he owes me a debt no one
now on our way to Jason's parents house
taking a barbecue so it should be pretty
nice and we haven't eaten anything since
work first I'm doing everything else now
yeah so easily
the pancakes refill munier about the one
and a horse
you haven't been that hungry today see
I'll get some footage of
Oh looking today three advanced about
user moment
like I just had in rummaging in our box
room let's use different Philip boxes
for like 10 minutes
just got back home it was a really
really nice barbecue and it was really
like chilled and stuff and and we were
watching pitch perfect as well after
just making some mint tea before we go
to bed it's good for your digestive
system and and it kind of controls your
like I'm still craving sugar because I
had something like this get some stuff
and it helps stop sweet cravings and
stuff pain in a one so I'm gonna go to
bed it's about the time 10 past 10:00
it's gonna like probably read this do my
nails or something in bed maybe yeah
really sleepy okay just signing off for
today
and thank you guys for watching and yeah
we got I think another quite busy week
ahead
yeah actually summer I is not too busy
so it's - fine yeah don't forget
subscribe I'll put all the links to
everything down below check out November
night or clothing range oh we're almost
sold out of the Haydn by the way the
women's jumper so if you liked the Haden
and you want to get your hands on it
there's only a few left so check that
out down below and we've got an
Instagram page for November night as
well so I'll link that down below yeah
hope you're all well and I'll see you
tomorrow
oh also in case you guys didn't know how
i made this mint tea
I just got mint leaves from Sainsbury's
which are a pound for a really big bunch
like that big and yeah I just tore a few
leaves off about that much cut it just
robably quite a lot and then I put in
like about a teaspoon or half a teaspoon
of brown sugar but you can vineeth the
sugar out and just pour on top pot water
boiling water and then I just wait for
them to release the flavors a little bit
it's really easy
