it's half 8:00 in the morning on a
Saturday and the roads are so clear it
is amazing I'm on my way to another hot
yoga class because I am literally
addicted and I haven't been for about
three four days and I feel like oh my
god Nick to scratch so I'm starting on
Saturday with that I might go to town
I'm not sure yet I don't know what we're
doing today so I don't know why either
we go into London or something oh I
heard that there's a cool and food
festival on or we'll do food shopping
and lay with the dogs all day or
something
that was hard but very good just
realized what coconut water tastes a bit
like I've got this one with a pineapple
it tastes a bit like fish right to me it
has an aftertaste of fish rare I don't
know why maybe that's why people some
people don't like it but I don't I don't
think that original one tastes like fish
oh my god is that crap I haven't done my
hair you know it's I haven't done it
today because I've just woken up and
kind of gone to yoga but yay God yeah
but I'm gonna go and get some toner and
I'm gonna dye it today because it's a
bit too orangie for me but um yeah
that's my plan
this prep drink it's a
an ice black tea and raspberry it's
really nice I really like it might them
switch up from my iced coffee cuz
sometimes in the morning I love coffee
but sometimes made people more sluggish
and heavy because it will the milk so
yeah iced tea
but like proper iced tea not really
sugary iced tea three night just wrap up
doing a pool but doing a pool also I
wanted to say that I don't like hate all
pugs
I know it sit in my like facts about me
video that I don't like pugs and Boston
Terriers which is usually true there are
some pugs some pugs I think a cute and
some Boston's I've met like one Boston
Terrier that I thought was cute
so I don't I don't really hate anything
really really deeply but I don't know
anyway that's my pock thoughts Becca's
pug
it's beccarose becca Rosa's Park Reaper
is so cute it's probably one of the
cutest pugs have seen Franklin what if
he's gone oh what's that what's that can
I have it
can I have it well that's a really big
brain you got there with it
and I know what you come back okay let's
no oh okay no I'm not sure okay
so I also got some croissants from prep
they have the best croissants ever and
they're always really warm and soft also
I fought a yoga mat at my yoga place
this well I like this color mix wanna do
more yoga now but of nuh Kurt oh and
there's Riley jealous of Franklin's bow
but Riley has a bone he gets really
really possessive so we don't give it to
them as much as we used to but
Franklin's not that possessive still in
my hair I know it's really dark but it's
got I've got this like ash blonde dye in
it so it shouldn't go too dark I think
it just looks dark a minute what about
yeah oh my god it stinks this stuff so I
please cheesing just drone Russell that
usual one and then I'm using this this
time which is different to what I
usually use I mean just a different
color natural light ash blonde well hey
guys I was dyeing my hair and trying
trying to get it the right tone and
color and everything I think it still
needs a bit of toning I think I might
get I sell the brand called bleach in
Boots and they sell it in the one near
me and they do your product that's erm
just like a white toner and I use that
before with my straight hair and it
worked quite well so I think next time
I'm in Boots I'll get that and to try
and tone the hair just to get rid of the
last bit of kind of orange Ness even
though it's not that bad but yeah a
little update I've just been editing
yesterday's vlog because I was a little
bit behind I've been a little bit behind
since kind of Paris because things have
been nuts should be kind of back on
track now and but I'm not feeling very
well I don't know why I just feel like
really tired and like I don't know kind
of like in a bit of a slump I don't know
if it's cause of like I don't know if
it's pure pain on I'm also quite like
hungry and thirsty I'm just like in that
needy
monie mood which it's not the greatest
I wonder why Jason's gone to the gym
hello I shouldn't playing with the dogs
a little bit yeah we need to cut our
grass someone pointed out just he with
the whole house cuz it just needed a bit
of a spruce or the face spritz now I
think I'm just gonna have some laptop
time to myself and then I think when
Jason gets home we're gonna walk the
dogs oops I just um went to check up on
my video that because it's just it just
went live yesterday's vlog and I
accidentally uploaded like one of the
clips not like I've edited the whole
thing but when I went to export it must
have just been selected on one clip and
then people are like this is just
terrible it's not always supposed to
fill up like I would never put a vlog
apply that me just be like oopsies
okay uploading now I hope you guys don't
mind but I'm only human Jason and I are
going out tonight and we didn't know
what to do tonight we were kind of half
wanted to stay in half for thinking of
going out or something and his sister
and boyfriend going out to mihika and
we've only been Smee he wants the launch
party night and it'll be really cool to
go again and kind of have more time
there and stuff because we were so tired
last time after the whole day so yeah I
don't know what I'm gonna wear
also we took the dogs for a walk and I
forgot to bring their camera so yeah I'm
just a fail recently vid yeah I'm hoping
not to be too hungover tomorrow though
because I hate being hungover so I'm
gonna try and just stick to the same
drink and not drink too much
done just do my hair I thought I'd show
you guys what I'm wearing my top is from
this is from actually from ebay ages ago
but it's like a fiver and then my skirt
is a Arabella skirt from November night
oh it's really comfy and I'm gonna be
wearing my silver heels that I got
yesterday yeah my hair I just want to
tone it maybe it's worried though yeah
and then makeup I used to come all out
when I used to go out at Union
everything I used to like do smokey eyes
and like if I did have a smoky eye for
going out I wouldn't feel done up and I
didn't if I didn't have false lashes on
but since then I've gone a bit more
natural for going out that night so I've
just done a winged liner and on my lips
is max pleased me because I don't want
to paint for a while and that's the body
we're gonna wear this coat on top from
Zara because I want to take away all say
it's jacket but I get really paranoid in
case someone steals it or in case it
goes missing or something and it's like
a 300 pound jacket so yeah I don't want
to take the chance I don't trust London
let me see if I can get my whole outfit
in for you okay I'm a bit abruptly but
this is the gist
we're so hungry we haven't eaten
anything since like lunchtime
today we just finished dinner and uh
yeah we're not going we don't go now
anymore because I just I don't feel very
well I'm very tired so I'm gonna ruin a
tanning and Sam hates me
I just have some lemon cheesecake it was
very very good it didn't look good but
it is good everyone so we just
got back home it's almost half 12 and
yeah the night turned out different than
expected but we had a nice dinner I've
gone all hayfever II don't know why yeah
what was it grille shut Rorschach's good
I'd recommend it's probably not the best
out of all the Mike American food places
that we've been to but boy the squid was
really good and they were really nice
and that was really nice service so
we're just gonna go to sleep okay thank
you guys for watching this vlog hope you
liked it I know it's just a little bit
abruptly but actually it probably
wouldn't enter property anyway except
either be me being rather drunk Oh me
doing this or me doing this in the
morning so right we'll see you guys
tomorrow night Jonas shall say bye you
have to say it oh good bye
