hi guys we just come to that restaurant
brunch sample fits our story nos dijo
just doing a tiny bit of vlogging to
make Comfort okay
then once again I think I was gonna
guess you're gonna go and see the Sun be
like wow I like that recently
okay alright I'm gonna get naked burger
which is just a burger without any irony
bun so
good and then we have some parcels
descent so lucky people and that's about
it
sometimes having a head on later and
that we might go to cinema Johnny my
story isn't some sort of cinnamon pastry
it's really good man
I just let you know when you're at
the clouds are really
like I touched herring it felt like a
thief I thought I have definitely a cold
I'm cold it up yeah it's trying to get
through today really just really close
to get my hair done
I think the rest Jason said himself that
rudimentary and I can't breathe
I'm
and that works on the street really like
really suddenly reached over to get them
all so that was by me and then my son
move my place and then it all happens
quickly besides I'm a person next
to the bed and it goes I scared it and I
mean and I was like
do you remember me Duncan no it was
like bit personal
get up see I'd like to say don't worry
and then every see and then once I
glanced back there disappeared in one go
so he just picked up my pants
cool story bro
thank you for coming understand her
we've done our town duties and now I've
got to go I've actually got to really
quickly dye my hair that I'm getting
done later I've already done that I've
already bleached it I need to dye it and
I've gotta like rush out rush to the
hairdresser but we put us into office
because Jason needs some sandals for
holiday but the cause oh yeah Frank ID
with clothes historically I've never
ever bought many clothes I just did him
because all the stuff I liked was
ridiculously expensive but I couldn't
afford it so I've only ever got very few
pieces and I only ever have I've only
ever had one pair of sandals I've ever
liked and worn
from all day from yeah oh they all don't
have you on a concert and I left them
downstairs for about I don't know five
minutes
oh yeah it was actually two minute and
frankly intrude but sandals and their so
I was so nice the head like this bottom
when they and I had like a leather the
top bit that goes over there
and a really like memory but memory foam
bottom and there was simplistic and
others just lovely and I can't find them
again they don't sell them again I can't
find any similar was the closest ones I
found to have a prior and they were like
600 pounds oh that really yeah and
got it
but anyway and while we were in that he
didn't even then I saw these shoes and
they're these silver metallic flat not
flat form but like platform heels
they're so nice I'll show you guys that
later because it's time to look there's
the story of my life we go in because I
yeah and I look for days on end and
saying oh we go in guess exam and leave
but I just couldn't leave her they'll be
slowly so today I'm really nice for
outfit posts and stuff it was so nice to
bump into Bethenny because she mentioned
about anxiety and said that I've helped
her as well which is such an amazing
feeling because when I put myself out
there talking about my like bits of
anxiety and stuff
I don't know I guess some people say
that is help them in things but just
having an actual person they're saying
it's helped just feels really amazing so
it was really really nice to meet you
I'm so annoyed I'm driving lane and I
put the sat-nav on to get there because
and on some roads I get a bit confused
you know like every now and then but ah
like I know the way out of where I live
and the Sat Nav took me at this whole
other way down country roads onto a
double carat weight what's called double
carriageway dual carriageway and once I
like bloody five different rows that I
keep onto the road that I can get to in
like five minutes I could have got to it
and it took me like 10 minutes out 10-15
minutes out okay that's my run like I
had to get it out oh I hate being late
like it stresses me out but anyway I
called and she said it's fine I thought
I'd have a little little and kind of hot
- hot hot hot but just a little catch-up
anyway in while I'm driving I'm stuck in
a bit of traffic at the moment but yeah
I feel like yesterday and today and
maybe the day before I kind of been
everything's been so raashi so I just
like I feel like I don't have to
apologize in my vlogs you know and like
apologize about things but I just feel
like I haven't been myself in the way of
like putting all of myself into vlogging
and to catching up with you guys very
well so yeah I mean this week that's
just gone has been really like go go go
next week next week there's also other
on but it's gonna be hopefully you know
like I have more time at home and more
time to vlog properly so yeah and during
the weekend I've got green laughing
planned this weekend so
that should be nice but thank you guys
for sticking with us and it's really
weird because yesterday I know the Paris
vlog I thought I had so much more
footage but it ended up being a short
vlog which is so weird okay anyways
so we're almost done I think oh yeah I'm
so glad to go back to Crowley
it feels so like bouncy yeah because
when I have my straight hair a lot of
people were like no it's good to have a
change since we don't like to change it
are you happy okay yeah yes now at the
cinema
I'm gonna go and see spy printing your
tickets now have a more nutritious
dinner tomorrow so I've just been dying
my hair for about the last hour or so it
is actually the day after the day that
this blog is off but I just want to
still know I'll try on for him sorry
so it's cinema sauce spy and we actually
found it really when we did prop you a
little bit yeah we actually thought it
was really funny we thought it might be
a kind of mediocre comedy film and we
weren't expecting it to be amazing but
it was really funny like we both would
watch it again soon oh my god Jason
Statham was hilarious the Italian guy
and it was hilarious the main character
Melissa McCarthy is hilarious I feel
like it's been ages since I've watched a
good comedy as well as really nice to
get my head on it yarn is I haven't thin
for a while and she's just the most
she's just the loveliest person she's so
friendly and like really easy to get
like chat to chat with and Roxanne thank
you to Roxanne for doing the first part
of like mic my hair treatment and
everything so check out Yanis hair
sanctuary if you're around rice lip or
hair oh they're based in right near
Ruislip minor station and I've been
going to them since I was about 14 15 so
yeah and also the hair I've got in is
from doe hair collection as usual and
it's the Mongolian loose curly hair so
I'll link them I'll link that down below
as well also
if you guys use I'm gonna be having the
code with dole hair collection I think
it's called beauty crush you can get a
discount from the hair so if you're
interested in getting hair like mine
then I'll link that down below and you
can use the code yeah I probably be
talking about that in a main Channel
video as well soon oh okay I want to
show you guys the shoes that I was
talking about earlier in this vlog so
right I found these metallic shoes check
this out I haven't seen them again since
I got them oh yes
look at them they're so nice I got them
for 33 pounds down from 55 oh they're
really nice on as well so I can't wait
to start ease for my blog and channel as
well
oh they're stuck here and my hair still
drying by the way it I've just washed it
and stuff so thank you guys for watching
this video as always and don't forget to
subscribe give it a like if you liked it
and you can follow me on Twitter and
Instagram it's both at the BT crush and
I'll see you guys tonight thank you for
watching my food Bubba
