morning everyone oh look at my face
don't look at it so today is a very busy
day and I'm very hungry and I'm gonna
make some breakfast but look at the dogs
it's better than looking at my face
Riley Franklin hello good morning
Franklin Hey look now he gets his ugly
teeth out at the bottom it's really
hilarious
whoo so I should teeth well sometimes he
has his tongue out there was teeth oh
hey riles morning dogs now because we
have no bloody food I'm gonna make eggs
and I think yogurt yogurt granola and X
I wish we have a car
okay exit is whoops I've only got enough
milk for two small teas it's pitiful
times in the household so I've got my
little mug which I got from
Anthropologie a while ago I love it
my flock Alice from Alice in Wonderland
when I use it right I'm gonna make
scrambled eggs I think
I'm trying to get ready but Franklin
keeps wanting to play me to play with
him in this frisbee he keeps coming up
to me so that I pull it let and then
I'll go over here and he'll come over to
me okay okay I gotta get ready Franklin
okay that's enough going our study
so today we've got a very important and
big and I've ever night meeting which is
really exciting the time and place of
the meetings changed so we've got a bit
more time in under before the meeting as
you may have noticed or I haven't got my
brows on we were rushing around the
house trying to leave and I forgot to do
my eyebrows and I'm like I can't have a
whole team of bloody eyebrows so we're
going to be pick up an eyebrow pencil
and also it didn't have mascara with me
Oh rats on your warm warm coastal right
also you may notice my lovely teacher
where I'm gonna grab my old go to one
where is it
here you are
okay okay I'm gonna also trial this
bourgeois who shot fully in glamor
mascara which you can't see it won't
focus
I mean we're Knightsbridge just we've
got about an hour and so whoa that's
Brian got an hour until I meet him and
so we're just gonna get something to eat
I swear that's all I ever say well we're
together that are getting something to
eat
sighs oh I'm used squeezing si no this
BB cream that's got tense in it like cut
wretches and I feel it's really good
oh is that
who is it you get this now it's really
pretty well so we're quick and I grabbed
a bubble ology I haven't had one for
ages so it's not like it I like it in
honeydew
oh no it's a much once we saw this blues
someone I know was he playing so I'm
gonna cut it was no guitar harmonica
harmonica player
okay I've been editing like trying to
get a blog post up god it took like
almost an hour and then I just had a few
extra bits and bosses you're on the
computer so that's been my kind of
afternoon and it's almost seven o'clock
I think we want you're going to
Sainsbury's go and get some food and I'm
picking up my hair I'm getting my hair
done I'm so excited because I'm going to
be going back to curly hair and I just
feel like curly hair I just feel really
comfortable in but yeah I like I like
this hair but um I just going back to
curly so um yeah okay I don't know
what's in store for the rest of the
night probably making dinner and
chillaxing and that's about it
also I've got a new video on my main
channel which is styling denim shorts
and I'd love to know your feedback and
let me know on this channel as well what
other kind of styling videos you'd like
to see for me cuz I love filming them I
really get into them when I film them so
I'd love to help you like whatever helps
you guys I like to do so let me know Pat
vlog I have to get the dogs in daily
like a bit of matching bandana Franklin
thank you
oh not to himself oh sit high-five oh
yeah oh you can do it too so I'm just
about to go to bed but I thought I
wanted to say that I just want to say
goodbye and thank you guys for watching
this blog and sorry it's centered a
little bit abruptly it's just such a
rush because tomorrow tomorrow we're
going to Paris so that's so exciting
I've got a job there but also we've got
a little bit of free time so I'm so
excited for that so Jason and I are
going to be going and yeah that should
be a good day
but yesterday's been a bit nuts thank
you guys so much for watching
we will see you tomorrow bright and
early I think we've gotta leave it
around five or something like that and
so I've got to get to sleep
