hey everyone welcome to viewed for lack
of a better name I couldn't really think
of a better name this morning I have
made breakfast both first which was
scrumptious
Jason's off to an MMA class I'm I think
mainly gonna be at home today but I'm
gonna pop out into town to do a few bits
and bobs and then just come back home I
don't want to miss parcels today so can
i don√≠t be out all morning here we go a
whole month
Jason's class is actually not on today
so he's gutted so we've decided to go to
London instead because we can go and
look at some trimmings for November
night future peace future pieces got
into some coffee
I'm kind of in knots like a full night's
sleep so it's gonna be exciting yeah I'm
looking as it is every day oh the
doorbell would you get it so my
insurance covered all right cool we are
headed into London today you're gonna
take some pictures for Sam's blog and
we're gonna go see some trimmings for
the new range we're designer which is
uber top secret and I can't tell you
much about it but it's good just never
know where to put the cameras and I'm
just doing my own judgment
it's the thing children
Oh
I'm heated PG pepitas period DVDs
covered
Moaning Myrtle yeah
yeah your arts bitch
hey what's your names my name is India
he likes to me we've just been fitting
her but did you see us just yeah
bye so just took a little break from the
day and Jason brought me to this place
called a glass of blue just on the top
of and brick lane it's really really
nice and it's so cool and like it's so
that was before Cheers
yeah thank you the SUBSCRIBE booth
coming up to me at first as I didn't
want to jump on you and give me your
hugs didn't want to get your personal
thing right
is going to conduct pictures and
I'm gonna head to him and I'm gonna try
and get a dose of going into dum-dum
Donuts
you know
and pictures my craft there near the
inside Spitalfields bit and over guy
come in sir but we're not allowed to
since private property etc etc and I
never knew that was a rule and why they
wrong I think it's bloody stupid who
knows the people that run this place
because you're not allowed to take
pictures and there's like the puppet is
private but it's public so they're gonna
stop you take your pictures I just that
makes you really angry back at home now
finally yeah it's been a really good day
really long day and I don't know how
much footage I've got but I always hope
that it's enough some days maybe they
might not be very long but yeah
hopefully to take what's decent anyway
I've done this smokey eye because I'm
doing this Charlotte Tilbury tweet and I
want people to see if they can like
recreate recreate this look that I've
done which is just kind of a smokey eye
but with a bit of like garner I think it
is it was kind of like bronzy as well in
there I hope you've liked the first
daily vlog of this month
and be prepared for lots more coming up
I'm gonna be going on a little trip on
Thursday this week which is really
exciting
I probably vlog what we have for dinner
do I keep farting okay what's going on
the finishing touches on today under the
meal what's the dish she can post their
pesto
thank you it's not done ready I just
wanted to do the official goodbye now
I've got changed into my comfy hush
clothes
I've just got to tidy my room and stuff
yeah hide sit what was that everyone
that came up to me today and thank you
so much for coming up to me and yeah I
afterwards I'm always like oh god I hope
I seemed okay and sometimes I get shy
myself so that's why I'm not like
jumping in your face this stuff so I'm
gonna be putting out some pictures on my
blog from today so keep an eye out for
that the house opposite the house
opposite me has my bloody package I need
her but they didn't answer the door and
I went a knock but then I've seen he's
in there he's doing the dishes you dick
give me my package
somebody's gonna be a lot more of a
chilled day I think I'm gonna be mainly
at home oh no and tomorrow I'm going out
for a girly dinner so that would be
really cool to vlog actually yeah but
you guys watching at I'll catch you guys
tomorrow
and don't forget subscribe to you know
get updates with my daily uploads and
join us okay bye
