hey guys so today today we're going on a
big adventure with the dogs and we're
going to go to Greenwich Park in London
it's kind of like South London and the
dogs haven't been there before and so
it's good no yeah I have a bit if you've
been that one yeah so oh and there's a
market there as well so I'm an excited
for that been quite a long drive but
longest gonna keep Franklin happy and
everything but yeah okay we're just
trying to find somewhere to park and
we'll be at the park
two hours so we're at Greenwich Park now
and the Sun is out and it is just a
lovely finally hmm hey here we did
little pups really busy
they come to the restaurant the
Rivington which is just off the pub has
been really hungry
it was really good in the pot really
crazy Udinese sir oh so the dogs are
just under the table
oh cool doggie
there's a very con gentleman at the
ribbons and that's it to keep dogs and
pork so
the boys are going to be in for a treat
on you sit down
how is your lunch
just as a little bit of shooting here I
don't know what this area is called
exactly but we're near this big ship had
a sock yeah it's really nice it's really
nice in this little area we went into a
doctor's office you guys probably saw oh
yeah you know each other so yeah it's
been a bit nuts with the dogs cuz they
like so Polly and it's busy and stuff so
we're gonna just stroll a little bit
yeah maybe head time I really want an
ice-cream so I saw someone with an
ice-cream of them yeah I'm gonna hunt it
down but also where food is like us
Greenwich market no wait what we're
saying yeah I mean the parker market
that way
and then you kind of walk down towards
the river and then over there is nine
days and byron burger and all that jazz
back home so before I change into comfy
clothes I thought I'd just give you a
quick weave through of what I wore today
because it's just a cute little outfit
was we can't be my my coat is from ASOS
and on top and bottom I'm wearing this
top which is from Urban Outfitters a
while ago just this like high neckline
and then the skirt is from November
night our clothing brand so I'll leave
that link to that down below oh yeah
it's just a really cute little skater
skirt very feminine and cute I find it
quite flattering as well cuz it just
skims over your your hips so white
graffia bag which came in so handy
that's that
I'm gonna change oh my god also I've got
these like silky but like night wear
bottoms from hush and they are so soft
so I link wash down below there they do
such nice home where and loungewear and
stuff these are so soft
it's Sunday now I'm just recording this
just before I'm uploading it so it's
pretty kind of live but not life I just
wanted to do it know what out church
this blog because I hate vlogging I'm
not doing a proper outro and it just
ends but I hope you guys liked this
video and I was bit short actually but
I'm gonna have a whole months worth of
vlogs
starting tomorrow so I hope you guys are
excited that I'm actually really excited
to blog daily because you know usually
it's at Christmas time it's I haven't
done it before in the summer and a
spring summer time and it's just a whole
different kind of vibe so I'll be you
know if looking on the day obviously and
then uploading the next evening probably
maybe morning or see how Phil went to
upload
yeah it should be a good month got a few
fun things planned already and I'll try
to make it as interesting as I can for
you guys at the same time a lot of days
operated be at home editing working
being boring so it might be a bit of a
mix you know not every day is gonna be
crazy but yeah I hope you guys will like
oh I don't know what to call it I'm
guessing balloon because I can't think
of anything else or June - so
we know what you think or if you've got
any other ideas yeah so subscribe to
this channel if you haven't and if you
want to stay updated and be notified
when the daily vlogs are up and you
don't give the video a like if you liked
it I will see you guys the day after
tomorrow thank you for watching
