hey guys
it's Tuesday today and Jason and I are
in in Shoreditch at the moment we just
had a meeting and kind of at anything
they've ever night meeting and it went
really well
it's been quite a busy morning and
before that we built because we're in
London and might be fun it's really warm
today
yeah bit weird it's kind of cool to be
and fun what are you wearing today well
it's terrible lighting it well now alex
is straight and I think we're just on
the hoppers
first also from the launch party night I
left my natural charger in at the events
we've got a going pick that up but yeah
it's such a nice day it's so hot today
and I've got a thematic
what do you prove with me have you heard
from you yet in the dogs sure order
are we so excited oh yeah say no so
we're really excited that you guys are
starting to receive your November my
orders and we'd love to see you guys
post pictures of yourself in the clothes
read this because it's the first one
that we've just parroted literally now
it's really exciting it's from Pixies
mess hello thank you yeah I stopped by
home it's a picture of the bar donut she
says no her any but she says yeah cannot
wait to try on the Bardot address from
November night the feel of the fabric is
amazing and the stitching and quality is
insane well worth investment piece even
though quality I don't think it's
expensive regulations to be expression
there so that was for the brand working
you guys grow has been amazing here and
I cannot wait to see more so yeah we'd
love it if you guys liked our goes with
it if you the Turkish we're picture of
yourself wearing our items because it
would make us so happy just to see its
it'll be really surreal and we're feel
really happy that you guys are wearing
with the stuff so exciting time
sighs Liberty's mattify also
brownie liberties made up off I'll call
I can't remember the exact thing but
it's like old like parts how cool
is that
more likely yeah like the old I
told you I'm a friend of a friend your
dad yeah because it's in the program Oh
what maybe these bits up there every
night inside I think pretty cool
evidence without he lies
right which was really yummy we're
waiting in the world is dinner also they
did the communities really looks like
avocado amendments also crafts cucumber
very good
and now we're going to go to going to
get my bachelor's major maybe get coffee
or take some photos
just grab some hot chocolate from Patel
shockula it's the best one but this ad
is pop drink and I got the hazelnut one
I can't wait this is the best thing ever
like drinking happiness and I just say
we just took some blood photos we just
took some blood photos I'm on the street
and it's a really nice treat if you guys
don't know where to shoot around London
and if you're new to blogging or
anything and it's a really nice little
Street Street to shoot down it's just my
part of Covent Gardens there's seven
dials
some people wonder why are my ways
barley is because whenever samples the
camera
yeah we're chilling at the time
who is this
it's their service bill I gotta just be
like now I think it's small
so we're just put in home now going to
go to the puck yeah
I'm on my way now to a hot yoga class
because I really feel like going I've
done this 10-day membership thing where
I can go as much as I want in the first
10 days so really not good from the day
but I'm feeling like this might calm me
so I'm right I'm just on time so I go so
I'll catch you guys after and I'll let
you know how it went I did it I'm
absolutely knackered my stomach was
rumbling at the end of the class smells
like to eat yeah it was quite hot it's
time but I think she just did the room
super super Hulk she was like always
really hot this time and I was like and
I went on the side of the room where all
the heat like the heat blaster is also
called for goods like I'm gonna jump in
the shower and then shove some food down
me come starving it's nighttime now I
try and do some work and Sam's just were
so bloody annoying me keeps jumping
around always hard we're gonna watch
Game of Thrones before I get pretty wet
he's gonna let me finish that
but thank you guys for watching and
we'll see soon and I'm sure that we are
going to do the daily vlogging in June
so go think of a name for it bye guys
Riley Franklin say bye Riley
by
