hey guys so today is beautycon so I
thought I would vlog it I don't know how
much I'm going to be able to vlog when
I'm there because you know when there's
like events and stuff and there's a lot
of people and you know people that have
their people that you haven't seen for
ages and stuff it's really easy to just
chat and forget about filming stuff but
i'll do my best because i haven't been
to beautycon London since I went and I
met and Rose choice and that was eight
years ago I don't know why I haven't
been since but yeah so I'm really
excited to go it's in kensington olympia
gotta catch the train and i'm going to
be on a panel about like inner beauty
and stuff so I don't know what I'm going
to be asked but I'm gonna wing it and
hope that I don't screw up or anything
but it should be a really good day so
I've gotta go Kings Cross I'll make my
way to Shepherds Bush station
and then maybe get a taxi or something
the place and yeah a little bit nervous
should be fine I'm running late and it's
starting to rain this is not ideal
amazing
DuPont has been in London to make some
noise and was a big thank you to
boutique on we might be down as well
because I'm really happy to be here and
I've got a load of gorgeous panelists to
introduce you to so let's get this guy
from SE buffy is so totally blow
okay so go hi everyone- fo sho usually
people get my name wrong but if you just
remember that it rhymes with social then
you're good to go and i do makeup videos
on youtube and I don't never asked to
say I'm gonna up to Sammy hi i'm
sami from each o-jama beautiful and I
beauty fashion personal style and
lifestyle really big bit of a lengthier
fries that's only better look I'm not
sure if I Annabelle beautiful I always
got a bearing happy i feels like a
really good way to be little bit i think
i'm a mix of what everyone has said
really it's just one add on to that but
i think another thing that makes me feel
Beach Boys when I just take a little bit
of time to myself whatever it is it
could just be chillin with family or
just painted my nails or thank you where
you just kind of take away up for
yourself and it's calming you kind of
connect with yourself that sounds really
deep like I go to it and you know
celebrities they've been putting up
pictures tweeting instagraming of their
floors like Chrissy Teigen dinner her
stretch marks nearly Allen has done it
with her acne and what I wouldn't always
do you have the confidence to do that
you think it's a great thing that now
you know celebrities are doing it can
can highlight that yeah I've got a floor
but to know what I don't care it's a
part of me or are you all about kind of
covering it up and kind of my all know I
look purple all the time I'm using you
know the best stuff in fact from
starfish salmon otherwise we're going to
get into the ass so let's start sewing
and I think it's definitely good to show
any flaws but i think it's visually we
will think of them as
anyway it's just part of being human
being anything it's just a little like
kind of program to see as perfection
yeah I I love looking with just no Megan
when I stuff just to remind people that
is you know always live fully done
welcome to join any person
my name's Jamie as our breakfast after
nine hours getting ok so many tears off
ok and I wanted to know how you guys are
any of you deal with anxiety that forgot
about anything like on the plane here so
how do you stay like chefs free
but relax yourself and not what
i'm at breathing techniques really help
just just just what connects to your
mind so and I think interest after we've
got as well slow guy work for
I think whenever I've already anxious it
soon because i'm thinking more like say
i wasn't bad today vampire you play
balls coming here i'll be like oh my god
what is this and that happens and i
think instead of just thinking about the
negative things you just have to think
what i imagine how it would go if it
worked really well so i just have that
picture in my head and I kind of just
shout out anything about to do with what
i see what happens so and i'll just keep
replaying that week
so it's just practicing
just switching it over to the public
okay so much might be
so I'm leaving music on now it was
really really good it was so nice to see
so many people and viewers as well she
was going to get the dogs now hopefully
cuz we really missed them but yeah thank
you to anyone that came up to me to say
hi
god I'm so brain dead so basically Jason
picking up from the station and we were
either going to go and pick up the dogs
from my mom's or she was going to pick
drop them to us and she's dropping in to
us that's so good to know that I got a
dog so we don't have to do the long
journey so Jason I went to test go we're
gonna get some food to make and while we
were there we were like moon Chinese
would be nice tonight actually and we
were like shall we like yes so we're at
a chinese place and we've ordered food
we're just picking it up I'm so hungry
all i've eaten today is yoga and growler
and unlike a little cake thing at beauty
 oh I'm a bit hungry but it's been
worth it it's been such a good day
here's the Chinese I we were a little
bit so if this translates as much on
camera but we called up like I did the
order on the phone and then Jason were
just reeling off wait so each money's is
a plastic container learn I'm sure we'll
be fine it's offical but yet we ordered
so much came to a lot of money we're
having they giving us free program yeah
but they're the worst they're just
literally far it's not the point I'm
gonna have to go back in there you get
free play no let's go home
hmm I wish you guys could smell they
need to learn that sometime why not
smell-o-vision smell cheap you got our
puppies back Frank is interested sit
down sit I thought thank you I bother
you I 50
ah ok I'm so tired I'm gonna go to bed
soon but I just wish to a little outro
to this vlog and I hope you guys enjoyed
it and it was so nice to see so many
people I beautycon today and like so
nice to see all the youtubers and also
so nice to see you guys and just meet
some of you guys that watch me and watch
us and yells a little bit nervous before
doing the panel but it went really well
and um I'll after a while you just feel
quite comfortable up there and it's not
too daunting and you just think well if
anyone thinks I sounds silly or doesn't
get what I'm saying it doesn't really
matter you I always say that so it's
good to do things that's gay kind of as
often as you can do them comfortably
because it just makes you more and more
confident in the long run yeah
everyone's been so nice today at Kabul
your net class just crazy cuz there's
like a minimal amount of time that you
could meet you can meet some of the
girls who we live over in LA if that
makes sense and yeah she's so lovely so
beautiful and we took a picture together
silence that here if you follow me on
instagram you've probably seen already
oh my god so many people Ellie Ellie who
was in the flock earlier cassia I'm
saying your name right I started i went
to include cassia in the in this vlog
and then i I've been so it's just crazy
on your there it's like really
overwhelming so I didn't get to do it
properly um but she's amazing i love her
channel as well so I link everyone
actually that's in this vlog down below
okay what else what else oh my god so
many people Patricia was theirs on the
god like Gracie or so I see grace UMC
know for so long and and I still marry
from another girl's life and I hadn't
seen her for bloody how it feels like
yes she's one of my favorite floggers as
well and oh my god so many people i'm
forgetting so many people i think it's
just been a real like exciting and
overwhelming day today i've been getting
into
you look so weird i'm like oh I haven't
got when I was on my way there I've been
listening to dark places by Gillian
Flynn and before I said that I couldn't
really get into dark places as much as
her other books it's the author of gone
girl and sharp objects but and I've read
two or her others I haven't been I
haven't listened to the others but
because I can get into dark places i
decided to listen to it instead to see
if it could help me get into it and i'm
really into it now so that's good so you
know if you ever aren't really getting
into a book at the beginning audible is
quite this isn't sponsored but it is
handy especially if you're traveling and
stuff but I'm going to forget someone to
mention someone I really liked meeting
today it's gonna bug me I'm so tired
it's about eleven o'clock yeah and a
half 10 but Sean was there no cyan so
sorry i was saying it from its cyan
shutterbug um I think she's making
videos anymore but it was so nice to see
her as well Oh Coco pc oh there's so
many people today what I did want to say
in this outro is that I totally forgot
to vlog my outfit properly for you guys
and so just so you know I'll probably
put everything down below but the dress
that I was wearing was from River Island
the sleeveless thingymajig was also from
River Island didn't really realize i was
wearing so much over on my shoes wear my
heels were from urban outfitters you
guys have seen them loads my hat was
from a sauce my bag was from BB star
thank you so much for BT corn for
basically thank you so much to beautycon
for having me because it was just an
amazing experience experience and always
makes me feel really grateful to you
know be doing what I'm doing and and I
loved meeting you guys and like so many
of you guys at once just I get a really
good idea of like who's watching me and
what you guys are like and what what
videos that you like of mine because
some people tell me and that really
helps so yeah you guys just so so lovely
I'm going to go now and stop babbling
it's been a bloody crazy week tomorrow
Sunday so probably going to be chilling
most of the day really glad to have the
dogs back
and not sure when I look next oh ok I
don't know whether okay I'm gonna say so
i'm thinking of logging every day in
June okay on this channel so let me know
what you think of that hopefully you
guys would like that because I actually
really enjoyed a locking I wanted to do
it this month but because of the N and K
launch I think it would all been a bit
much but yeah might be vlogging every
day in June so that would be soon and
but yeah if i don't end up doing that i
let you guys know because I'd hate to
wind you up look do it anyway I'm going
to go and don't forget subscribe to the
channel if you haven't just updated with
my videos and my vlogs I'm tired now I'm
gonna go to sleep this is what oh that
looks wrong that it's just there k
nothing nothing's happening all good um
I'm just in my frenchie top which I love
it was in my PA box and then I i love
these these are for these are from
forever 21 and i love their but don't
know why just really comfy and i'm
watching and beauty zombie and chillin
and bats take makeup off and stuff I
need to see you next girl okay thank you
guys watching night like
