hey guys so it's finally the day of our
launch party so it's Wednesday we have
our large party today and then we launch
the clothes tomorrow it's nuts oh my god
I wonder if like it will be sold out oh
my god it's crazy so so today is a
really really big day for us we've been
planning this launch party for months
like every little detail and just like
everything about it so it's just crazy
that it's finally here and it's Jason's
birthday so I've got his present on the
table there he's just still sleeping I
got up early I actually have like pee
which sucks I need some painkillers or
something is not the day for your pains
at the moment our plans for today are my
mom's coming over soon she's gonna take
the dogs because we're gonna be staying
over in London for the nights it's so
much easier gonna have we're gonna be
there and still really late and Jason
and I are gonna pack everything into the
car make sure everything's ready and
then we're gonna be heading up to London
driving up and then going to the event
space setting everything up eating at
some point and yes we've got the event
space from five till about 11:00 so the
party event starts at 7:00 and it
finishes at around 10:00 Mickey are
actually doing odd drinks at the event
wait we've got our special cocktail with
mihika which is so amazing and then
they're throwing us a little after-party
at Mahim key afterwards which is so cool
so yeah I'm really excited and it's his
birthday so it's just crazy so I'm
thinking because he's still sleeping to
go and get him a coffee and I would say
breakfast but it's kind of I don't know
it's get breakfast from and bring it
back for him
yeah so I want it to be a nice birthday
for Jason as well as the launch and on
Friday I've arranged a little birthday
date night for them so maybe I've locked
that as well but that's secret he
doesn't know what we're doing so anyway
I'll stop babbling that's the plan for
today he's sleeping so I'm gonna leave
this on the floor and go and get coffee
got lucky this truck is messing with my
timings man messing with my timings I
need to be back before he wakes up okay
I've got the cookies I'm really hoping
he's still asleep he's probably not
likes it's about 11:00 okay I'm gonna go
and give him his present that's tough
it's all going surprise him doggies is
grandma here to pick you up I think she
is let's go and greet her no perhaps the
car up we're just ready to leave the
house and we're running a little bit
behind schedule but I should be fine the
pups have gone I feel the house feels so
rude without the dogs they're now
getting in a car and we're heading to
London to go to the area Mayfair I'm
gonna go and check into a hotel
that's the plan and then have lunch
we're on our way
we have a little birthday morning being
on that sound throw on the bed but with
the dogs
that's hot no it's been a good morning
and it's like the weather's like on and
off show your ring oh yes and gammad I
saw this ring ages ago and good hurt and
after I fell in love with it barriers
too expensive ever time I could get it
sound got me this ring my birthday it's
like a lattice map onyx yeah okay so
so it always at Hotel
we've got stuck up everyone we got stuck
in so much traffic which is just the
only day when there's been a bloody rail
there's rail stripes Oh finally got
checked in so this is the the fox cub
foxes Club you forget what it's called
cute
Karen such a rush evil
Lawrence Taylor okay it's ten to five
and we've just made it to the ice tank
which is where we're having our event
tonight so in a few hours it's gonna be
hopefully full so it's just a really
small streets near Covent Garden
holburns Nick um Google offices if you
guys don't know it is this little grape
Street yeah it's an awesome little event
space
jessalyn Lucas that's enough
they're putting vinyls on the windows
and I'm steaming the cones just got the
vinyls up oh my god this kid drink
it's amazing seeing your support just
coming like taking time out soon thank
you guys and
my cousin
so all about go home it's been an
amazing night thank Larry thank you guys
we're back at home and it's quite a lot
later in the day now but we've been sued
tired everything and however it's been a
really crazy day because today our
clothes have launched online so they're
available to buy now so it's just been
so interesting looking at the orders and
seeing like where in the world they're
coming from the orders are coming from
and seeing like I don't know like some
people are getting two different pieces
and it's just you know it's just
interesting so it's just been crazy to
have the launch party and then to just
see it all actually happened to like
yesterday and today and yeah it's been
awesome
so yeah we've just been trying to share
it around on the internet stuff you know
letting people know that it's available
to buy and stuff like that so if you
haven't seen the website yet for our
clothing range then I'll link it down
below
it's November night calm and yeah we're
just so excited and just I don't know I
always just feel like hopefully it's
finally paying off all the work and
everything that's gone into it and yeah
the launch party turned out so well I'm
so glad that like nothing really bad
happened and I was kind of nervous for
my little mini speech bit not my wife
was and but yeah it wasn't that bad we
just don't try to do a big selfie at the
end and then we couldn't get the selfie
stick to work it might not battery so
we've got but he just never almost
standing there like okay thank you so
much if he came to the launch party and
like no biggie if he didn't make it you
wanted to come and you didn't make it
but yeah it was just so nice to see
everyone that came and it's just really
heartwarming to it I can't explain how
it feels to peak for people to take time
out of their day to come to your event
I'm just really grateful it was a really
really good experience good life
experience as well it went so quickly it
went like a flash and I'm gonna be
posting a lot of the photos all of us
knees from last night on the blog so no
November night the website I'm gonna be
running the blog of it as well
the blocks gonna be slightly more you
know personable and kind of behind the
scenes and and sharing things like
whatever you guys want to see November
night look about then I'll try make that
happen so let me know down below
actually what you'd like thank you guys
so much for watching hope you've liked
this blog I thought this would be such a
cool vlog to put up a really excite to
put this all together yeah I'm gonna go
and ordered Domino's now yes we went and
got bought like stuff to eat for dinner
healthy stuff and like a half an hour
ago and I'll show you just get Domino's
yeah so November night is available you
can go and check out all just go and
check out the website see how it looks
and stuff we're really proud of it we've
been working on it for ages so anyway
I'm gonna go there's so much liked that
I can talk about then I'll see you next
time
also don't eat us coffin banter it was I
had the worst fish finger sandwich I've
ever had
