I'm on my way marshal bitch meeting that
birthday today
I don't know what else I'm gonna be
doing team I thought why not flock I can
see bits of lots of Shoreditch I'm not
your bitch it's not great feeling quite
sprightly today
so come out of my meeting it went really
well it's actually longer than I thought
it would be but still good stuff
so I'm just still in Shoreditch I'm just
gonna have a little mooch around the
shop before I go home oh yes where do
you Betty the only thing about being in
London alone
it's I never would've just going to my
restaurant of my own and
oh boy tired already all these
just got in I'm absolutely knackered I
don't know why it's just this journey
always does me in you might break this
as well I dyed my hair this morning but
it obviously literally I just dyed it
and I had to run out the house so it's
not styled ERDs
I've got to tone it so I think now I'm
just gonna eat something and then go and
tone my hair because it's very yellowy
and brassy yeah but it was a good little
trip to London just gotta go upstairs
sit down from Munir and eat something
and here are the pups if you want to see
them why
Oh Riley ripped up a toy and all the
white stuff is on the bloody cross okay
so now it's about half 7:00 and we're
having a little date night and I changed
my hair but it's it's a bit better but
it's done a little bit yellow it's nice
we go into Thai Square we're very
excited I'm very hungry
anything yeah it's not very long it's a
training morning or when I went to the
hospital yeah because I'm having an
operation Wendy
so we're just heading home after dinner
but it's right to get just a bottle of
white wine from testico and we just got
turned down because I didn't have my ID
on me but Jason did because I looked so
young and we just couldn't get it and
we've got like massive toilets we're not
trying to go out on the laughs stupid so
Jason's going to go and get some wine
from Anna license because we're
desperate from there we're obviously
desperate for some white wine so
annoying having a baby face and like I
know it's good for later on in life and
everyone says that it's good and I know
it's got a good but it's reading wing
you know like people always think I look
15 but the way that guys you know like
like when they weren't serve you
the way they look at you was like like
what are you doing and it's like I'm 25
years old you dick so we just found this
little bandana
it was Franklin's right yeah it was
Franklin's and now it's right quickly
yeah
and then we also found this ball they've
ripped the bed up hey Ross oh my god my
hair looks so yellow oh I can't leave it
my purses it's not right it no I've
woken up actually feeling not feeling
very well I feel like I've got a cold
that I because Jason's had a cold he has
a cold yesterday I thought I'd gone away
a bit but I woke it up not feeling great
and I was gonna go to a spinning class
and I was like yeah it was like it was
like top 4 and now I just don't feel
well enough so I'm tryna film a lookbook
but it's taking me forever to set up
because I'm not feeling 100% but anyway
I'm gonna try and get that done and now
I think we're just gonna go out and grab
some coffee right I'm gonna get to work
just got done with my lookbook
must have taken maybe about an hour and
a half or something and yeah I'm pretty
not good but I really enjoy doing I
always Rikka into the zone and I just
loved dressing often like whoa and like
switching around the outfits while I'm
showing them and stuff but yeah we're
gonna wait Jason ups he's not very well
so he's slept in and he didn't sleep
last night until he didn't get to see
until like 5:00 in the morning and it's
about it's almost 12:00 now p.m. so show
you what the room looks like we kind of
see that this is the room
look but it's just bloody ridiculous
isn't it this is what you guys see I
mean I've just moved that light there
but and then this is what this look at
that's so embarrassing oh my god oh Lord
oh by the way I didn't mention but I
instagrammed I got this book yesterday
in my PA box but I really like it it's
by Madeline Madeline sure I follow her
on Instagram she has a lovely Instagram
and it's just about kind of healthy
eating and just teaching you about food
as well and then she's got loads of
recipes but I really just like her whole
ethos and you know way of life and she
lived over in Australia for a while so
she picked up a lot of health habits out
there and food habits so but really
interesting but yeah gorgeous I love the
cover as well also if you're wondering
on my lips I'm wearing this Lord and
very kind of like a lip crayon thing I
love them they're so soft so pigmented
so comfortable to wear it's it's this
one it's in no no the names oh no the
name was on the was on the lid I've lost
the lid but I'll try and find out you
guys for they say it looks like that
looks like Russian red well I just feel
like any red looks like Russian red
because I'm obsessed with it mm-hmm love
it okay I got Jason up from
sleep from its slumber is not really
really not feeling
so I'm gonna go and get can they give me
we just went into it was the most
difficult experience trying to get cold
and flu tablets all right go with these
days I've had them before that close a
beauty don't know I'm on medication will
been the vaccine which is just an
antidepressant it's in about ten minutes
of questions how you've allowed these
bills are they let me do the medication
me if you had that before
yeah and it's work order flu tablets
it's good to be sold oh my god
about heaven tonight can I again another
disappointment every restaurant every
restaurant the flower nice every
restaurant every restaurant that I've
been every restaurant I started I would
eliminate colorful Americans progression
 shrimp sting got to come quickly
this big deal with the grief and
disappointment all of these little tiny
little tiny bottles instead of proper
size
lemon are just will have something in
common you know
we're just gonna get smoked sir in this
kind of cool high worship and this is
for my desk who wants to go walkies
walkies walkies
okay so just got back from walking the
dogs which was difficult when you're
walking both of them on your own it's
really difficult I thought I'd show you
some bits that I picked up today because
I've got some homeware bits and bits for
my desk because I'm already wanting to
change up what's on it so actually I
went into this shop called Chloe James I
have really gorgeous home where it's
such a cool little shop I filmed a bit
Mau sort of okay so got these full
things I had about six I think and it's
a wonderland Prince and I love it it's
in wonderland I have a tattoo that is a
someone's town koi and I just love the
madness of someone's land so here's the
Mad Hatter and I might actually collect
these because this was 14 pounds yeah
which isn't that bad for a prince
sometimes Prince can go up you know
stupid money but yeah how cute would
that be to have a little collection of
Alice in Wonderland stuff so I've got
this wine glass which is as you can see
this kind of ombre what I think of it's
a really nice one it feels really nice
it's got a nice weight to it and then I
also got these two kind of tucked
tumbler how they gorgeous
oh love them so this one was I think
seven pounds
they're taking the price of what I'm
short seven pounds and then I got this
big one for maybe makeup brushes or
something but I really like it's like
honeycomb hey guys so I feel like it's
been ages since I last filmed in this
vlog I'm really sorry yet again but yeah
this god when did I last film I don't
know but anyway this week has been
really it went really quickly we kind of
had a bit of a slow day yesterday we
don't do that March we've had to do a
lot of prepping for our launch party
which is on Wednesday which is bloody
nuts and also it's Jason's birthday on
Wednesday so we're kind of trying to fit
in his birthday stuff around it and he's
kind of more interested in launching in
November night anyway I'm not really
birthday person so I'm trying to make it
so this week could be really good for
him as well so yeah bit of a nuts time
at the moment I'm gonna try and vlog
during this week but it might be a bit
nuts but I do really want to try and
vlog around the launch party except to
be really cool and there should be a lot
of people coming to the launch party as
well which I'm really excited about and
it's seen a lot of these people for ages
and oh I dyed my hair well I hope you
can tell because that color was just
horrendous I've just woken up haven't
done my hair so well I haven't just
waked up my face doesn't do it like this
I've put foundation but yeah just I just
think it's a bit more natural in this
light it's still coming out a little bit
orange but I spend them what it was I
mean a bit bummed up I don't know why I
didn't sleep very well last night I said
I have got a bit of a cold or it's hay
fever and I hate that in summer I always
get confused I'm like oh cause I get hay
fever really badly but I just never know
what it is so right today it's Monday
it's just a bit of a workdays but oh no
I'm meeting my mom as well today which
is good but yeah it's just otherwise I'm
just working editing and trying to pre
edit so that I've got my videos and
stuff done for this week's it's gonna be
nuts and that's that so thank you guys
for watching this blog and thank you all
so much for your lovely comments oh my
god my voice sounds really weird you
know you can't breathe through your nose
like it sound really weird anyway thank
you guys as much for your lovely
comments my vlog channel and
at the moment I'm gonna carry on
vlogging as I have been but I might be
doing weekly vlogs at some point it's
just because of the launch and
everything I don't know if I'll be able
to do that right now but yeah thank you
guys for your feedback on next I was
asking you guys what you thought I am in
need of coffee oh love that love coffee
I'm gonna go I'm babbling like a nutter
bye love you guys thank you for watching
