getting all of this stuff in here we got
a van got it then we got it we got a van
we got of it
though this box is the beanies yeah okay
that's enough
I need a coffee's morning it's Monday
today is an exciting day kind of occurs
we're moving our goods we're moving our
goods our products our garments because
there was a bit of a mishap with the
courier last time and now we're out of
time kind off because launch is next
week so if we built a courier to take
one of our stuff and if you don't know
what couriers acorrea is just a delivery
man basically then they wouldn't get
there until early next week and that's
not enough time to prep everything and
get everything ready to send out so we
are having to hire a van and take
everything ourselves we've got to drive
to London to Bedford to Leicester then
back to London so be a long day it's
gonna be a long old day I've never
driven about before Barn basically the
best driver in the world
 Road Moria before I hope you did
about four years I think I was lost in
the v√°manos like 10 but gosh our women
take offense very funny if I did it
could be like oh it's a girl that's
weird Costa Coffee
bring it into the van spirit
I'm an asshole I got the naughty seafood
salad and then we've got these for
snacking but we did really well I think
health-wise yeah really I eat this just
getting fat usually really help dinners
dude
of sport I did rugby
six times a week so as getting us in
really good shape and I injured my neck
and since then I haven't been out to
Train for about a year or two years and
I could like dude
mixed martial arts on or not
that's okay and I just I have got so
I'll shame
really upsetting so I'm trying to watch
so hence the healthy stuff but it's good
because it doesn't make you feel as
sluggish all day and stuff so yeah we're
gonna eat
okay so we just got to munch from M&S
which we eat in the van this is a
custard here anyway yeah I'm gonna send
a carrier on the road so join us explain
why we're going to miss started we
explain
so it's gonna go straight they should
make in the fabric straight into the the
garments that would be much easier
smoother but we're still having a lot of
our stuff made in our London Factory
still yeah that's obviously important
Ora but everything's still okay sir
hungry don't know what usually I'm just
gonna eat all day wait these are so good
if you haven't tried them and if you
like calamari
Lester factory oh joy
I've been doing my blog post of the way
yeah I mean we don't have long we've got
to get from here to then dead first
we've really got to ours
so we're just about making its
investment
six o'clock now there's better clothes
at six but thankfully gonna be open for
a little while I guess
it's been nuts
we don't be by Jaden's Hospital
so and we're back
then we're back or foam see it pops
I've just arrived at the fulfillment
warehouse which has where the clothes
we've been we've brought the clothes
here usually it's done by a courier I
like Jason sir
but yeah these clothes are now gonna go
out to you guys when we launch that's
really exciting so yeah we personally
deliver his clothes halfway to you
so good to go I mean you shooters will
come in actually look great
I mean thank you for the trophy shiny
we've just stopped off to get some
petrol before we get home I can't wait
to see the puppies but also guys we
recently got a GoPro and we're really
excited to start using it for the vlogs
because I just think it all makes them
look so much better and and you know
like it get so much more in frame and we
can use it for imaging things like I'm
more active so let us know if there's
tips and tricks and stuff but we've got
the GoPro 4 and we got this screen for
the back as well so yeah really excited
about that so uh everything's just a bit
nuts before we launch and okay and
hopefully all kind of even out a bit
more after that I just never looked the
ends of days anymore sorry we was so
bloody knackered yesterday we just came
in rushed around making food and then we
literally just went to bed but yeah it
was a really good day it was just yeah
it was good to get one of that stuff
done and today I'm smart to film a video
and then uh god I don't know else maybe
do a bit of editing then later on I'm
gonna go and do my first hot yoga class
oh what's the property I cram yoga class
thinkers with Hannah Hannah Max and yeah
I'm really excited because she's been I
think quite a few times and I heard of
it but I do yoga at home quite a lot so
I'm really excited to see what the
difference is when it's in a really hot
room and you're siting you're awesome
right so please get filming who also I
got these new bits in from Urban
Outfitters which oh my god I'm so
excited to wear these I love
Birkenstocks I don't have any real ones
and these are my first real ones and
then why love and then these a really
you know on trend at the moment and the
ones that do up up your leg they're
gorgeous
and then this is a maxi dress which I'll
probably show you guys on at some point
my better lookbook and this I chose out
these things by the way they weren't
just sent they were sent by tradesmen
this is a skirt which I thought would
look so awesome with
oversize top on top or cropped up but
how gorgeous is that print
just got done filming I sort of what I'm
gonna do now when I'm in the filming
mode I usually have just have to film
more let's just get really really into
it so yeah maybe I feel more but I got a
package from hush I mean I bought the
stuff myself and it's just it's just
came it's just come English I just don't
wait okay unboxing no oh my god I hope
it's nice I haven't ordered from here
before okay I got this stripy top it's
actually really nice it's very nice
quality and then I've got these shorts
which I'm most the most excited about
because they're perfect summer shorts oh
so nice I wanna try them on now okay I'm
gonna do that later quite big actually
small medium oh my god I hope they fit
or a little bit big but they're really
comfy oh I hope I don't have to change
them I'm so bad with changing stuff
online but yeah I really like them
they're really I have room to move
hey there's nothing worse than really
tight bottoms for me okay so it's about
half two now and I'm gonna meet me me me
me what what's that I'm gonna be meeting
Hannah about for half four because the
class is at five and I just need to make
something quick to eat because I'm kind
of hungry and yeah it'll probably be a
late dinner so I'm really I'm really
interested to see what its gonna be like
I feel like I might faint
oh I hope I going to feign that would be
so embarrassing and but anyway I'm gonna
let you guys know or the see afterwards
so how it was and everything
at Kings Cross just on my way to South
London
I've excited and I feel like I might die
okay so we just came out and it was good
at I liked it because when you're doing
in the heat is easier to get all bendy
but yeah I didn't die and you just feel
like yeah but what you feel cause I
could have looked inside its own home
that was a really good experience I'm so
glad that I've done it finally because
I've heard so much about Bikram yoga hot
yoga and yeah I really enjoyed it
probably do it again but she just get
really good workout
you felt not good by the time you leave
the men and there was sweat like the
sweat was dripping off of them and the
class we did he wasn't even the harder
class has usually a harder class after
it so yeah it was really really nice to
see Hannah a link with their channel
back down below by the way I think
albeit for this blog I don't know what
else I'm gonna beat well I dunno else
I'm gonna have a shower I'm gonna eat
something maybe do some more editing and
just chill but I feel nice and limber
nice and like stretchy but anyway let me
know what you guys are thought of hot
yoga before and you've done it and also
of like cool yoga classes yes please let
me know of good yoga classes in London
I'd love to go and try and also not it
doesn't have to be in London it could be
other places around around London or
trying to get Jason Stewart but he's
quite reluctant Oh afterwards I was
talking to Hannah and I was like half
sleeping and I was like oh my god I
can't talk so if I don't flog anything
else tonight thank you guys so much for
watching this vlog I'm also thinking of
doing like proper weekly vlogs on this
second channel instead of it being quite
sporadic let me know if you guys would
like that or I feel like I always it is
but I'm not sure let's do weekly vlogs
on my main channel or if you guys would
prefer it here and I've had such mixed
responses like
people say do it on the main a lot of
people say keep it how it is because
it's separate so let me know what you
guys think I'll catch you guys in the
next vlog but before I go we've decided
that I'm gonna fall face forwards
Jason's gonna try and catch me we
haven't done this before so there's a
lot of trust involved doing go backwards
faster
