it's all coming up I don't know when
that moves look this is going in but I
have to show it show your other side do
a Hitler mustache doing what's he doing
it's Monday it's about quality today and
it doesn't really feel like initializing
with us today and they stepped over last
night and we have this kind of sleepover
army watched interstellar but I fell
asleep in the middle
me and Hannah did should I say Hannah
and I I feel like when I talk now
everyone studies how I told that people
have
hot coffee
it really brain-dead but only might home
to the little house today and I'm sorry
Oh
after the brief encounters with the
kakapo yeah we're going to the British
Academy of the Arts I think that cuz I
every waste going to some sort of
gallery or something this mean every go
and we're always around the mill under
that we never go and just chill look at
art so but firstly you're gonna get
coffee
so you haven't ended up where we were
gonna go because they didn't actually
have photograph a photography which
already wanted to see so we've ended up
we go to the National Portrait Gallery
and maybe the National Gallery
well maybe it's cuz I've made before and
it wasn't no longer has he another year
over there and that man we were in the
commercial for trickery you look at it
was opponent way I just think there
wasn't an exhibition on that way
we're really hungry so we're just gonna
die and get some lunch and then I'm
pressurizing so that we can go to the
photographer's gallery because it looks
really go bad and it's just up the
street which is my blog so you guys
don't know if my brother Alec example
I'm always refers you're gonna shoot for
and like it bit trying to get inspired
for
so you just have lunch
be it's it's something Street in Soho
and all really nice basic upstate if I
had a chicken salad
and it's a French place check out if
your lamps over now we're gonna head up
there's lots of tree it's good we gotta
go so you don't know it yet cause last
night we were happening bits worth
attending cake parcels that's gonna be
going out so it's really pretty exciting
but we ran out of
we've got a ribbon so you like steak yes
I just got this both Bulbul thing I
thought of when I caught my bag you know
ones that look like I think it looks
like the Prada one wrong choice Prada
it's so cute yeah now like a cured
amenable I didn't know he went in but
there was we don't want to do the whole
thing today so now we're just going to
Duluth I need to take some good pictures
and now obsessed with this it was 20
pounds the designer ones pencil on a
spent Effendi not own Prada
