hey guys it's Monday and I thought I
would vlog I just been cleaning not in
fact Jason some breakfast he's gone to
an MMA class this morning which is
really cool cuz he's getting more he's
getting back into X used to do it all
the time and then he had a bit of an
injury so he hasn't been able to do it
so yeah I'm just on my own at the moment
and I've just been getting ready and
watching some vlogs and stuff I don't
even know what we're doing today at the
moment I'm just waiting for a parcel
that's fun but I might film a video I
don't know what to film now but yes I'm
gonna go and eat I'm hungry okay I just
put together a quick breakfast but it
looks so yummy usually I have egg but I
don't really feel like having it today
so I've got a whole milk toast on the
bottom then I've got smoked salmon then
I smashed up so avocados with lemon
juice and chili flake salt and pepper
and a spinach there as well and bit of
spinach on the side I know it's really
small but I'm not terribly hungry right
now we're trying to do emails and
Franklin is just sitting kind of around
me and like trying to eat the bit under
the desk and then like sniffing
everything but look he looks like hello
hello Franklin we let mommy do emails
and work stuff you're not gonna let her
do it
are you do this is go so funny yeah it's
not so mommy's boy hey guys so today
we're on our way to London aspiration
I've got meetings so we're taking
Franklin in
to meet everyone's he hasn't been in yet
to the offices yeah
and it's his first time on the train so
he's a bit all over the place
he's doing well oh and this is
Franklin's first big adventure I think
that's what I'm going to call it
Franklin showing everyone who'd get up
Hughie's comes right up into the camera
diva dog
Franklin gone your necklace today as
well so just had event celebrity if I
got the wrong products the other day and
then we need to find something to eat
breakfast on Liberty
Sara at the diner economy Street or just
off Carnaby Street Hey so hungry
also if you ever tried roses it's really
good to tie but quick Thai food we're in
Soho is good yeah
franklin's love in the sunshine you
enjoying that cans and owls
oh my god lovely berry pancakes I'm so
excited whoo then I got expanded it
Franklin at the station
sleepy / taking about 10 15 minutes to
do that time
was really good and
but
look I'm always here when I vlog but
when picking up a package from the post
office so it's about I don't know what
time it's about six or something bloody
knackered from London but it was a
really good day and did I think I said
earlier it was Franklin's first time in
London so bless him he did really well
we thought he was gonna die half but not
literally died but died of tide and
that's half way through because he gets
tired really quickly and it's his first
time around loads of people and stuff
but he got so much attention he just
loved it
bless his little heart at the offices
they kept asking us to bring him in
since we got him so he finally got to
take him in that was that oh my god
those banana pancakes with bloody
delicious oh I also wanted to show you
guys this wrapping paper I got this in
my PA box isn't this cute I think it's
from a company called wrap me I know
I'll link it down below but they sent me
all of Riley and Franklin's Instagram
pictures okay anyway check them out
they're cool so yeah I don't know what
else today's vlog will consist of I hope
you guys have liked it and I'm trying I
know I always naughty saying this I'm
trying to vlog more and upload more and
I really don't want to keep doing like
the I vlog at the beginning of the week
and then it's up about two weeks data I
really don't to keep doing that so this
hopefully should be up soon thank you
guys for watching
yeah I swear didn't it oh so it is the
stuff delicious dinner we've got
something that's been there for a while
but it's coming Jamiel like fish cake
sauce I like this I got this today is
the oven to play revolutionibus
in sailboats
did you tell them all we got so
basically every few months the same
thing happens in our shower the shower
gets blocked every few months because
Sam's bloody hair gets a cloak in in the
drain and she doesn't pick it up
so I'm follow this bad boy Oh your
hair's longer yeah my hair doesn't it's
not my hair that comes if you have the
same problem get this stuff and it
really does work
yeah all right drive home and then do
this eat and sleep so I just thought I'd
do a little mini outfit of the day my
breakfast I just run up the stairs
just in case you wanted to uh swearing
so um my jackets from All Saints as per
usual then underneath I'm just wearing
this top Palma girl where did I get it
maybe it's from ASOS I think just a
long-sleeve buck tatry plain and then my
jeans are from ASOS I really like medium
they're really kind of straight fit is
it straight cut straight for I don't I
got these shoes today from clogs so I
think that down below yeah I mean
obviously they're just fat and you guys
know what they are but I won't advance
for ages and I finally got some so I'm
excite oh and my bag is from ASOS and it
fits so many things out of it
so I link everything down below in case
you guys are interested it's the next
morning and but that's usually I didn't
end hopefully because I'm rubbish just
thought I'd end the vlog off so thank
you guys for watching and I'll be
vlogging again soon and yet today I'm
just filming editing loads of editing to
do so I better just get stuck in and
we'll see you guys next time
oh oh also I'm gonna be at beautycon and
there's a little competition on my
Instagram at the moment where they're
going to give away 25 tickets and you
can if you re re Instagram my picture so
of my beautycon picture so take a print
screen over there and then it's found
that all the rules are on it you could
come to beautycon and I think you could
meet me and stuff and I'll be really
cool cuz I love to meet you guys
so yeah I'm gonna be doing a panel there
so that should be really fun anyway I'll
put my Instagram in the video and down
below
if you're interested and yeah I'll see
you guys soon
Oh
