Oh what up what up bitches I've been so
bad recently with uploading books I've
had to look said it around in my Final
Cut Pro for like two weeks I feel so bad
anyway so I'll never feel I'm today and
hope that it's not a total like it
doesn't appear in three weeks time but
yeah it's Saturday it's really sunny and
we just went get out of her Ark to home
base to go and get hoes cuz we're fun
like that do you like these glasses bro
wait I found them on ASOS then if you
guys can see I think they're cool but
they're a bit small for my face because
my face was white also today that's a
woman no it's not it is she's walking
because it's sunny and we haven't done a
barbecue yet in our place we're gonna do
one it's kind of like a warm-up button
because you want to have other barbecues
and you
what smell you smell sorry
no it's you then oh yeah that's weird
like it smells like gonna get home
where's that sandwich like I'm the
cameraman at a battery in the car just
now but um yeah I just wanted to show
you guys we're setting up the barbecue
it's been ages so it feels really weird
and it's so sunny and lovely and stuff
but we just washed it well adjacent is
most of the washing and then we got a
Sun bed online this is our garden by the
way sound of Sun bed look he's on me I
think I got hay fever it's not working
it's no room for you anymore first time
seeing a shower of water out there and
edit that Franklin stolen my chair quite
frankly huh
Franklin get off my chair fact I need to
add it frankly doesn't move much unless
even he has to do
ok so we're making food and I may need
being sous-chef but y'all just been
laying in the Sun and editing and just
chilling and little Franklin's in there
with me and then now I wanted him to
cool down because Bulldogs are it's not
good for them to be in the heat for long
because they overheat easily usually if
the doors are open he'll try and run out
outside but he doesn't even carry so you
tie it
so Jason's gonna make apparently his
best burger so far your tasted results
yeah
burgers are seen marinating in pepper
and chopped garlic with white wine
vinegar and they will sit there for
about 20 minutes and then two types of
cheeses to go on blue Stilton and
applewood smoked cheddar one Russia of
extremely good bacon streaky bacon we're
gonna top that with avocado sliced
pickled gherkin and the finishing touch
I'm just bringing everything out now
stew ready just start cooking
you guys didn't see that's just water
mm-hmm that plate now cuz I need to do
that with the next one it's cute
okay we're gonna chow corn on the
carpals hot and I got char grilled
artichokes yep I'm really actually
looking forward to
so this is a TV this is my light dinner
because we're still full from lunch but
yeah just a thrown together salad and I
don't feel well Sam spilt ginger beer
all over my keyboard and now she's
trying to get it out good man
it works for me in my phone no she has
deleted an entire season of Parks and
Recreation which has taken a very long
time and she's just drinking away breath
time so I just feel like a light
breakfast today I'm still full from
yesterday so I just put I just did two
scrambled eggs on toast and then
watching YouTube hey guys so I'm just in
wood stones at the moment I've been here
for what feels like about half an hour
just browsing but I love doing it is so
relaxing I got two books
and there's gonna read now
bail out Sarah where are we going - I
love Japan see venue ability more
planning for the event and finishing
touches and we're planning the space so
I thought we'd look what we've login on
the big camera today so it might be a
bit weird
page of Stephanie Mitchell expert and
making sure one time
by the way Stephanie shark is the
boyfriend of Hannah max we love them
yeah they cool
and we don't want to show you guys all
over venue yet because it's kind of
surprise just shut up some place in Rome
I say it's exciting you guys just see on
the day and like to see if we will get
so Rosina
gets lunch I've also got gay something
something from my grandpa
yeah
traps
go home now ad I'm just doing some
editing and stuff and I really want to
just say outside to the Sun though
because it's really really nice weather
today but yeah it was a cool day and
just changed as well because when I get
home I'm never comfortable and dress it
like kind of tied to dresses and stuff
like that and jeans so who's just change
into like a dress and that's about it so
I think we're just gonna chill have
dinner watch telly and that's bad
