hey guys so it is
Friday
yeah I just went to the doctors so today
I'm filming a lookbook video so today
I'm going over to my family I'm gonna go
for dinner for a birthday meal a Greek
one actually yeah just a filming day and
stuff so I thought I've looked the whole
day and not be a fail like the usual
okay I just got done filming my lookbook
so it's gonna be a festival lookbook and
I feel like I've done a festive one
before but I don't think I have for some
reason I feel like I've done it but
anyway I'm really excited for this one
up because I love for the whole the
festival boho chic kind of look and
actually a lot of my wardrobe is that
boho ish style
cuz that's kind of my style in summer so
yeah that'll be going up this Sunday
then with this looks going up probably
quite late with some being rubbish
recently so that took about probably
over an hour okay I just made some late
lunch twenty past three thought I'd show
you guys what I put together so I like
eating salad for lunch usually if I'm at
home and I'm snacking on kettle chips I
make a salad does that make sense so I
just put together the randomest things
we don't have a lot in the fridge but
rockets and Martos lentils walnuts
crumbled on top black olives red pepper
and that's it I just made a dressing
with mustard and olive oil and vinegar
and I'm gonna eat I stopped doing after
this maybe editing there's the pups in
the garden yeah like stumbled into my
video and I was filming it's really
funny Franklin Reilly
hello isn't frankly getting so big so
scary who remembers this song
this is Windsor this is the Thames
thought it shakes it's really pretty at
sunset no it's lovely isn't it
so here's the family
it's Dee's birthday well I'm also got he
randomly gave me a dog shampoo so here's
the castle oh I love this time of day
it's just a dog so this is like the high
coming onto the High Street kind of
serene eyes open it for a while I wasn't
used to live here so there's Easy's
there's a lot of lovely people eating
hello okay so come to Latino it looks so
nice like when you're on holiday and
there's a few different restaurants
so I'm munching this thing and she's
been doing she's been doing this
it's not having an actual bank so late
he has a card like this in a cup pages
these are where my hand is that but
Susan's thank you
and taking the dog for a little walk in
in a field part it's a really nice day
I need food energy coffee they're not
lining Doc's we were gonna be going to
Brighton stage but it's just maybe a
feature
ducks are exploring this hill once why'd
you get his planet from Trump of the
name I don't know the shoulders fancy
yeah okay that's right we were trying to
get way to jump over this but you won't
come on come on come on we're gonna
leave you
hey guys so we got home obviously and
I've just been cleaning like a crazy
woman for about half an hour 40 minutes
I'm knackered now I kind of wanted to go
to the gym today but I feel like when
you've Hoover the whole house kind of
like a cardio workout which is good so
um yeah maybe not the gym so yeah I just
wanted to share a few things with you
guys actually cuz okay I'll tell you I
flip you I know this glitter fell on the
carpet whoopsie I need to put it back in
I've got these bits from Topshop which I
can't wait to try out I got the lips
lipsticks in persuasion and be my baby
but I think maybe I'll show you these in
a different video or something but what
I really wants to you guys because I
haven't tried these Topshop fingers yet
is you guys won't ever when I went to
stay in London with my sister Danny with
origins and what happened was I so
stupidly like they they left the
products in the bathroom for us and then
when we went to leave I forgot that
there that there were products in the
bathroom and I so I can't bring them
home so they really really kindly sent
me the products that I not the same ones
but new ones that I left so wait try
these out if you like ginger anything
ginger then you'll love these and I love
ginger it's the incredible spreadable
it's the ginger body scrub and then
there's a body wash this is oh my god
it's so nice just a shower gel basically
but it's so creamy and this smell so
nice and then I got the ginger floats
bubble bath which I'm so excited about
because I've
this since like back in the day when
Tanya burr used to talk about it and her
favorites videos and stuff and finally I
have it so I'm really excited about that
been in it scandal from Malita Rose at
the moment release Rose London
this one is Charlotte it's sweet orange
and chili pepper and usually I don't
like or incentive things but this is
actually quite nice and then also it's
just kind of buying the scenes of my
blogging and YouTube and stuff I'm gonna
shoot this outfit for my blog and it's
for Topshop so I'm really excited
because I picked out all the I picked
out this whole outfit but how cute is
this Rose Crowell it's such a nice kind
of deep berry colored one is so pretty
just thought it would contrast really
nicely of that all white and oh my god
these shoes are so nice on but if this
goes up after my blog post I linked it
that's that for now yeah a side note
I've like broken out all over my face I
don't know why you'll probably see like
hair hair and up here but I don't even
know why so I'm trying to clear it up
and just try and not make it worse and
I've been applying my foundation with my
hands a sort of a brush in case it's my
brush that's making me break out anyway
that's really I'm going to chill now
current editing earlier I put Franklin's
it like Franklin's got this other weird
old second third which is in the kitchen
usually but I Chuck's outside because I
want to get rid of it so it's just we
didn't know where it was and that curry
is outside so it's on top of a fire pit
and he in Shimon just done put a blog
post up hmm I'm so excited I'm feeling
really really sleepy this is like maybe
TMI but it's just life but I've just
gone onto the pill so is my second day
on it and yeah I don't know I feel like
because it's something new it's gonna
make me every time I feel weird or feel
something my body is gonna make me think
it's that I don't know I just feel a bit
weird and I just feel tired I don't know
if that makes any sense but I'm gonna
call Nando's
some food we've been getting a lot of
Nando Susa me but it's good it was
getting fill up really really quickly as
well and I want to eat so much Nando's
but I do not really quick I don't know
anyway
I'm babbling hi I'm going order for take
away please yeah thank you sit down sit
I literally like pizza my face we're
gonna chill enjoyed the best now pretty
early but sorry
bye guys thanks for watching bye guys
I had a nice bath no I'm sorry P oh
definitely know what he's trying to
