hey guys so it's Wednesday and we're
going to the where our clothes being
manufactured for November night so it's
a really exciting day and we're going to
be filming like close-up shots of
everything and just exactly how
everything is produced so we're just
knit actually now we're gonna go and
grab a coffee
Hey
first we're getting coffee experiment
has anything all morning my hair right
on it was dark darker and I've dyed it
lighter so that I can dye darker if that
makes any sense so a different shade but
it's kind of turned out a bit orange
okay so we're going in
so this problem things on women anything
marks this first see the outline of a
couple and then they are laying the the
fabric
so today's going to be everything being
made and I kind of want to do more
talking in there because they're all
trying to work it felt a little bit I
don't know I don't want to keep
interrupting them and just talking to
the camera
stop but yeah it was really really cool
and I think that kind of maybe not
halfway but they've got through about
three or four of the items of of our
collection you get to go and oversee and
visit the clothes being made and
everything and it's really cool that we
can because they're being made in London
at the moment so we're gonna let you
know when the clothes are available of
course but I know it's been a little bit
of a build-up but we're waiting for
everything to be ready and there's so
much to it as you probably can imagine
so I keep being such a shambles of I'm
so sorry I keep getting home and then I
do stuff at home and then I forget to
vlog and I feel like what I'm doing is
boring after we went to the factory we
we just had some lunch and then we're
back home and I'm just gonna finish
editing a video for tomorrow oh I wanted
to show you guys sorry the camera just
went crazy I'm wearing my this choker
necklace is from HRH collection and I
watch her all the time I love Alex hi
Alex if you're watching and she makes
the most gorgeous jewelry and I love
this I have not seen anything else like
it around and it's a really good quality
you mean give you a little close-up so
it's this gorgeous like she said it
looks like those you know those kind of
skin tattoo things like you can put it
around your body they look really cool
but it's actually obviously real I think
it looks really cool and 90s but a fresh
take on that nineties choker trend and
yeah I'll link it down below if you guys
are interested on her website also I had
this I had this on earlier I just took
off right just now but it's the bracelet
and I can't remember the name of it I'll
link it down below but it's so pretty if
it focus is such a fail but it's really
really pretty it looks like a Chanel
handbag handle chain I love it because
Alex makes them them all herself and
she's very particular
the stars that she does on her website
and she's just she makes really really
lovely stuff and it feels great quality
as well and I've also got some other
things as well from her so I will
eventually show those as well but I just
want to show you I was ringing today
because I really liked it if you're
wondering on my lips I'm wearing Mac's
velvet teddy so so like I said I
lightened my hair because so this is the
color than it is at the moment I'm
trying to go for like an ashy blonde
color so I've lightened it from the dark
kind of ready Brown I got this dye from
Garnier which I'm gonna try out but I
also up this one because I think I'll
type together die before and it doesn't
work properly
so anyway I'm gonna trim dye my head
this color which will probably go a
little bit darker then actually it looks
like then I'm gonna try and lighten up
some of the ends not ombre but like some
parts blonde I can't remember the name
for there's a name it starts with B I
can't what the name is should I show you
guys what Mary it's not anything that
special it was like warm today so Oh God
looks like I'm going to the beach I got
this top is from Topshop shorts oh my
god I don't even know probably from a
vintage shop or something and then I was
wearing my leopard print boots but
someone told me that I look fat today in
my um Instagram picture screw yeah okay
alright thank you
if people say that I'm not gonna finish
anything and then we're gonna I don't
know what doing tonight but I'll try and
remember to bloody film today's been
really cool really fun amazing to see
all the stuff in production and you
really appreciate just normal clothes
and what it takes to actually make a
piece of clothing you get like a no
Primark for example Topshop whatever all
of these mass-produced t-shirts and it's
all cheaply made and so the quality's
not great but when you see like proper
handmade designed items you really
really appreciate fashion and what it
takes to go into it so yeah it's been a
fun day
but so stressful for me because lots of
stuff that you why wouldn't show of
course goes wrong and like most people's
lives there's a lot of stuff that
doesn't go the way you planned but or it
accepted it we got move forward yeah
onwards and upwards I'm walking around
just don't know sorry tired if I if I
sit down and I just I fall asleep so I
saw that ya know I just wanted to say a
quick message that behind everything
behind the Instagram and all the photos
and stuff there it's really difficult
work there's a lot of stuff that we do
and it doesn't always go to plan which
today a lot of stuff hasn't but doesn't
matter we'll overcome it and I can't
wait for everyone just to be wearing
November night and be just so fun and
exciting anyway I'm going I'll pass you
bet to Sam or something like that but
pace for me
okay I just put my blog post up and
editing my video and I still need to
upload it but I'll do that tomorrow
I'm so hungry it's 7:00 we're gonna get
Indian tonight mm-hmm before I go
downstairs I have to show you my ID
because he's just sitting in the
darkness is really very hey Riley
this evil face oh that's your class - we
could add stars should we go downstairs
oh come on let's go downstairs that's
good house - yeah come on
oh my god hello have you heard Franklin
Franklin I really want to show you guys
my chocolate cornflake hates because I'm
very proud and I was supposed to do them
for Easter but then I'd lost him but I
didn't get time and I kind of forgot and
I was lazy lazy what's the real reason
hmm
oh I took a bite from all so I made them
salted caramel caramel
I made them salted I mean salted
chocolate I just sprinkled salt on them
they're they're quite magical and made
them with Lindt chocolate
ridiculous isn't it rolls well I'm
interested now
comfy my rolls
