cupcakes
I'm actually have to make eyelashes I
haven't had them
I was a foul about anything about life
so I just thought why not I'm getting
like that I'm getting
I think my co-host
I just
 FAFSA and usually I divide quite
nice
rich so
I'm really over half obviously but yeah
but well it's about half eight in the
morning which isn't that early but
officially dire and yet later on Jason
and I are going to London to go and look
we're going to go and look at a location
for the launch party so November night
so yeah very exciting I'm going to
but I think the knowledge has had to be
pushed back a little bit still come
around very quickly anyway I want to go
so I had my lashes done okay
oh maybe okay oh you hope that you can
see them maybe I'll get a close-up I
really like them they're really natural
getting some food before we go and see
if any solid pet bills sorry almost
finish yeah Jason likes finish now and
ya gonna shout out
hey guys it's Tuesday and I'm just about
to leave the house today is an exciting
day and like I'm kind of a little bit
nervous but kind of more like in
anticipation because I'm gonna be on a
panel speaking about YouTube and kind of
kind of advertising a little bit and you
know dipper doing it honestly and kind
of all that kind of topic how many times
got to say kind off I'm gonna be doing
of gym so yeah I really just want to get
it done I think and just because it's
kind of my first stop saying kind of
it's my first panel thing so yeah it
should be good
oh I'll show you guys my outfit Frank
looks like this mm-hmm
and my scars from brandy melville I'm
wearing my long shirt dress that is from
Urban Outfitters in love with it I mean
my coats from hmm ages ago and my boots
All Saints and breath bye okay so I'm on
Carnaby Street
yeah just I hate the time just before
something you start kind of building
things like you know my intro just
implies just having a little coffee I
think I might have half of it so I go
nuts other way
okay Brandi a lot of ways that is the
way my money through Brandon's Louella
I'd like to introduce my beauty brush in
2009 when he was studying fashion and
you
I have 1.5 million and I'm reliably
informed that you like sweets our travel
photography I just did the panel and it
was really I'm really glad that I did
there and it was fine I didn't mess up
too much children quite it really mess
up only near the ends some questions I
wasn't sure how to like totally worth
because I wasn't used to talking on a
panel but really really good experience
and I'm dinosaurs quite nervous and
stuff so yeah so now I'm meeting Tasha
disagree just around the corner I'm late
though I feel so bad to get to stay
behind to answer some questions so yeah
I really expect to see her it's been
ages
her hair is amazing listener so nice we
got Prosecco we're both so hungry gonna
chow down then all however what's in it
but there's a fennel salad kind of sweet
potato and I'm really in craving a
cupcake I never really crave cupcakes
really good two tops up and get Lola
save I don't I don't get the height bar
amazing
Oh
cupcakes
hey yeah it's Thursday and I'm about to
go to the hairdresser's which is Yanis
hair sanctuary in my slip and this time
I'm driving you should I get the Train
some a little bit like god I hope I get
time and I don't know I just cuz I'm
going a different way then I usually go
so yeah should be good I'm getting a
totally different style of hair done so
it should be a quite a fun vlog to kind
of see the transition and and well I'll
show you guys the color I just kind of
washed it but this is what is still wet
it will dry but this is the colour so Oh
change the colour in the future plate
it's quite nice I think Oh will it be
interesting okay bye or do you like my
shadow shoes Stan's shoes they're from
Zara in the sale
well show you what I'm wearing actually
while I'm at it it's really boring I
just wanted to be comfy today but I'm
wearing my Zara kind of pearl oh the
thing and my jeans are from Hazel's
and yeah shoes are and doesn't what I'm
wearing on top just don't care today
I just anyway I'm gonna go
Suren cane remote yeah it's a different
one today really excited there's the
hair okay so we've kind of got most of
up to half done okay just finished so
nice I'm gonna film it loads when I get
home right there she looks ugly hey guys
oh it was so so different and I'm not
purposely chopping my head off the
camera she just won't quickly hire on
here but I'm you can't it's hard to see
but I'll try and do a little close-up
later on um but yeah new color new limb
new wave let me know what you think I
quite like it it looks redder on camera
than it doesn't rip look in real life
I'm on my way home then I'm gonna go and
meet my friend Jenny
why was Ganga so
in bills and Jenny we think when milling
around the shops a little bit as well
with such consumers crashing out in here
today I'm sitting there somebody my face
so we only got me so excited we've got
tortilla chips with war and olives it's
not that many in there nowadays give you
more man
wait this is the meze balls and I
thought the chicken Caesar salads
checked out so I'll link it down below
and watch you many folks it's actually
really motivating your face you might
say is such good like healthy food ideas
and
like Jenny's a lot of vegan meals as
well she's not like 100% vegan but ideas
hey guys so before I forget because I
always forget to end vlogs and then I
just fall asleep so yeah I thought I
finished just like catch up with you
guys at the end of this book also before
I forget to mention totally so I I had a
full head of we've done and it still
kind of needs to settle in you know it's
very new still but I do have a lace
front closure so the right lace closure
closure here so yeah that's how it's
done today and quite like over the years
quite I've had quite a few comments
saying like why don't you get a closure
because sometimes like my edges aren't
looking perfect but I've been really
lazy but yeah finally I've done it so
I'm really happy I just think it looks
witty looks pretty nice so yeah so yeah
like I said I went to yarn as hair
secretary and my hairdresser is Nana
like na na so she's amazing I love her
and yes today's been such a good day
it's so nice to catch up with Jenny
because I don't see all the time I feel
like every time I see her though I vlog
it doesn't seem like I don't see her a
lot but yeah I'm just getting ready for
bed right now I just posted a selfie of
my hair because I really cuz I've been
mentioning my hair and I like people
like show us so I thought I'd do it
and yeah I'm so so tired it's been a
really long day but a really good day
and yeah I'm gonna go to bed I'm gonna
take my makeup off that's all then I
still loving these eyelash extensions I
think they're lasting really well I've
put a little bit on the scar on them
I need a tiny bit on them to like get
really comfy and stuff but I really like
them I have them done at shamp knees I
think I already said that yeah laughs is
good
I'll show you Riley and then I'm gonna
clunk ohh so thank you guys so much for
your comments about my hair on my
Instagram I look at all the comments
it's just really difficult to respond to
everyone but thank you guys for being
really nice and it's been ages since
I've had dark hair how weird are you a
tease from the vet Jonica what Riley
should we go up go up
you wanna go up two things before I go
loving this candle that give us four
recommendations
look what I got today oh my god
these are the best thing ever we don't
get these in the UK they're not easy to
get hold of Oh
