morning it's Friday and I'm yelling
we're taking the Frankel's for his last
update I mean sorry not checkup after
his charity operations so it's the three
weeks one so it's been three weeks
I was picking him up earlier this
morning and I thinking am I gonna be
able to do this when he's like 30
kilograms no but yes just about no I'm
still gonna do it
I shouldn't because then he'll want to
jump up with people but definitely gonna
pick it up well we just heated not to
jump up but sir
maybe he'll know just only I can hold it
contractor girls then again he doesn't
jump you just get back up safe reckonin
had his checkup and he's all good and
now we're just gonna go and get coffee
and it's his first time going into town
it's gonna be really overwhelmed
gonna be that we found a little pup
where he's not little but he is in his
mind
okay so I thought I'd start with my
outfit of the day
and then I'll explain what I'm doing
today it's kind of crazy so I just got
this jacket from ASOS I'm in love with
it it's not as good on camera looks
better in real life I'm trying this top
I push crops t-shirt also from a soul
jeans can't remember they might be a
sauce as well link them down below if
they are and boots will say I should
have changed my mind to a foot top I'm
wearing I could have wear my brandy
melville top underneath so it's a little
bit of a right now just like having more
material with this outfit since today
I'm going to the London heliport on a
helicopter with
night air max and I'm gonna be getting a
pair of them it was so cool I'm going to
take a selfie over London both of the
shoots so I'm so excited I've been on
that
okay I'm at clapping high street but
people watch we get the cops are gonna
be late okay right I think now we just
go to set up everything to go in there
okay so I've come out and crazy amazing
like really breathtaking really intense
it's kind of scary but I was just going
to click once the seat trying to remind
myself that it's fine it's fine you're
safe you're not going to fall out the
pillar out on the edge so I'm gonna try
and get some footage from that and I met
and there she was there as well she's so
gorgeous it's really really nice really
down to earth and I got a picture of her
as well so I'll insert that and it's
just really cool because a lot of people
is also that I don't like her and stuff
I always so I said to her people always
say that I was like usually my hair is
curly obviously it's not today
yeah just a really really cool touch
so now I'm going to go meet Jason in our
old Street East London
runs
now I'm still really like white from the
I still got so much adrenaline from the
whole thing
so I've already weird when it gets us
food
good afternoon it's now what day are we
on Friday Friday I've been really moody
all day
it's that time so I just didn't feel
like vlogging or anything but nowadays
when I are in where we're going to the
cinemas going to get hard and we just
had a Nando's where I met some lovely
viewers and I've just watched a cabaret
shot look it's a hole shot
we have to go in
this is what I see everyone Instagram
yes good enough what is it it's a hole
not mattering sir you know the guy in
the chair with the guy that can be here
yeah they did you get one did anyone
used to have the capris machine where
you put mini mini chocolates and did you
have it and then you like press the
lever No
in my bag yeah I know I did
it's not very good is it
that's better no get creepy get weird
get weird gone everyone can just see on
the screen
yeah
I have a new slogan saying nobody
so we're just at the gym and I just did
like a full team and it will no fire
department out there on for now it's
like killing thing like the thing on my
phone
recycling right I'm super agent so yeah
you know it's been a good session oh and
we did Jason so much faster than me
what are you making what is it what is
it - together over thank you yeah great
mm-hmm they're fighting over a bull by
the way
right I've been so terrible at vlogging
recently I'm so sorry it's just been all
over the joint and yeah so I mean today
we haven't done that much it's been
quite a chill day went to the gym as you
guys saw which felt really good I
haven't been back ages like I haven't
been working out much at all recently
yeah
so yeah tonight we watched we came home
and watched Vikings we a then I was
doing some video stuff cuz I just
uploaded a video on my main channel and
then I've just been tidying my house
exciting oh yeah but okay so I just felt
like like talking to you guys real ofer
when it's destroyed you I got yesterday
from the Kaveri store oh my god you guys
in the u.s. can you get this stuff I
don't know maybe you can now it's very
special shops anyway so look I've got uh
many fingers oh yeah dime a tie and if
you haven't tried these they are the
best things like any they're the best
things of any chocolate and biscuit
based things they are they're just
magical
and his Franklin little frankly
hello--hi things so big but he's still
really young in his mind so I don't know
what we're doing tonight
we might just watch a film or something
and we might get dominoes dominoes is
like my favorite thing oh we got a lot
talking do I get oh I just think
watching catching up on Diana's vlogs I
mentioned Beauty zombie Diana age is
very like I think I benched her a few
times but if you guys don't know if her
check her videos out because she's back
- what is this
she's looking again which is really
really cool because she stopped for a
little while but yeah I'm just been
catching up with her video she didn't
she lives in LA I'll link her channel
down below anyway because she was
watching my video as well just now and I
was watching and it's like so weird
the hi Diana if you're watching Sleepy
pop over here he's been cold up there
for like two hours
Beauty we are watering dominoes mm-hmm
isn't this the best like like of life
best things just chucking what they're
doing and you can just picture them in
there like they like dudududu and it's
just perfection oh and you do not pro
please come I get it I want to get
requests long and then tonight we're
watching the theory of everything yeah
we're gonna watch their barber we're
gonna figure everything because I
watched on the plane come back from
Dubai I I didn't think I would like it
but I really enjoyed in it's a lovely
lovely little film November night from
33 thousand followers thank you guys so
much
yeah amazing link it down below in case
you guys want to follow our fashion
brand company new Femina the center no I
can do sniff the roots leave me alone
morning it's some day I've had the
biggest breakout I know everyone always
knows about breakouts but honestly this
would've been like like Mount Everest I
had a massive break out and it must've
bring out here and here so whatever this
morning I woke up from Australian
strange nightmare where I had to have my
nose cough and then re put onto my face
and then I had to like lose my memory or
something it was really really weird I'm
just feeding the dogs well eating
coverage thank you hey hey you know what
it's gonna take up Jason cuz I've been
up since half seven Oh
I've what saying like when we're a
couple of the worst period pains um yeah
so anyway I'm gonna make this tea and
that's that
what fun weather hey guys so it's quite
a lot later now and what have we done
one two town got some bits and bobs that
we needed we've been back it really
wasn't that interesting came home I went
to the gym did some more boxing work
which was fun and then came back again
came who walked the dogs and now I'm
pooped and we're about to eat dinner and
we're having a lot kind of like a
makeshift roast so really excited and so
I thought I'd sign off but thank you
guys for watching and I thought I'd get
the pups to say bye as well here's the
pups oh my god boy guys finally everyone
looks like he's got cherry eye again but
it's not it's just a little bit smaller
