hello everyone welcome how do I do this
intro without making it super cheesy
hello indie says hi welcome to our
vlogmas this year and it just feels so
crazy because this year we've got a
little baby i last year i was heavily
pregnant I'm a she's dying starting a
little bit late in the day I've had the
most insane morning and it's just I've
been working kind of non-stop but if he
was at nursery this morning and now
she's home for this afternoon um so yeah
I had to start somewhere and now I find
me got a bit of time to vlog properly
then that so I think she's a bit hungry
a bottle maybe but today we should be
going to get our Christmas I don't know
why that frames there by the way we need
to put it up on the wall we should be
going to get our Christmas tree today
which is the most exciting thing every
Christmas Frank you got your own advent
calendar what we didn't get you one you
can have chocolate no come on everyone
where I love that big holders indeed
this way indie come this way please
come it need a lead no I'm not gonna I'm
not gonna be one of those people
birthday steve frankerz franklin down
yeah hey we're on our way to town and we
just have to shoot something quickly
before we get there but yeah we're
really excited to get free but we're
kind of against the daylight assist
Katyn dollar ideas crazy cuz I've just
started the blog in this John Louis I'm
going down there to get rowdy is her
thing that booty shake that booty so I
hate to do this but I think we're gonna
get phone tree I'll talk more about it
later
this is the selection
we're interested in this one but not
sharks it's yeah but it's really pretty
that one
so we were trying to choose between this
one but now we've gone off this one and
two over here this one is a kind of blue
tinted without the lights you prefer
this one Indy's got this thing going
where she lifts one out shakes it and
does a little shake dogs then she hands
it to me let me have it
I'll thank you keep going then oh thank
you
gonna pop them back shake down
thank you
mm-hmm
that comb Andy's just having a little
snack let's get up top up here so dirty
I just made up a cup of tea
I always go in one black guy head start
looking and rewarded fish and chips for
tonight yeah good it's Friday and I
recently I just actually give up which
won't be fit and like stand on top of my
weight and everything I mean I'm not I'm
fine with my weight but you know when
you're when you wanna like oh like it's
healthy as you can and tone up in things
and there's no time to do a moment in a
week I think it's in two weeks ish is
Indies birthday party I'm so excited and
I'm really excited that it's during
vlogmas because we can make a really
nice video and hopefully make a really
nice video you know out of it as well
and it's so nice for her to have it to
look back up yeah we need to do some
planning for that soon I feel like
there's just way too much to try and
talk about and catch you guys up on with
it being the first vlogmas i feel like i
want to do a really long kind of chatty
catch-up but maybe when she's gone to
sleep and stuff hi Lulu back back back
back
yeah she's getting so good at walking my
drive is nosing around oh yeah and then
sometimes that happens
she's time Indy loves both do you like
both of them she keeps walking around
the house with one in each hand
and then every now and then she just
gives me one can I have the bunny
no not you Franklin
we look very appetizing like in fish and
chips for dinner I'm standing a bit of
this sausage give me some sausage
there's a cotton is already car's
pre-cut for me oh hey I thought I'd have
a little bit of a chat while I just take
my makeup off I'm so done with my makeup
you know you've had a very long day
Oh your face just feels like that I kind
of change up my first cleanser sometimes
and another time I like using the
glossier milk journey cleanser but let
me know like the more people use as
their first cleanser or as their second
clothes I kind of do a bit of both
sometimes that's not what bad oh yeah
it's been a really really productive day
and sorry that had to start on such a
manic kind of workday as well in the
morning so you missed a bit of my
morning yeah it's not been that bad I
think dinner was good but really bad
waiting for the water to heat up so we
actually did get that and I mean I said
it's a blue Christmas tree it's not
actually blue it's just it's a bit more
cool toned because of the because it's
not this affected it like it's sprayed
with snow so it's one of those it's one
of those kind of types of Christmas
trees that I've always seen and I was
like sometimes they can look cool cool
but I never thought I'd have one in my
house as my actual Christmas tree but we
just thought let's give it a go it's
something different
I mean disclaimer though I'm someone
who's always always grown up having real
Christmas trees and we were always very
much a family that was like why would
you have a fake Christmas tree but I've
had one once or twice before and over
the years but I think more seminars a
student and
I don't know why I think this year we
just think it might be a little bit
easier it's our first Christmas with her
and with a little one toggling around
everything so it might be a bit easier
and and yeah but there's a pot people
always feel so guilty for getting a fake
Christmas tree I feel like I'm teasing
or something it's really weird I've been
loving this recently because of my
eyelash extensions I've been using this
to get my eye makeup off just the
Garnier micellar cleaning water
cleansing cleaning author we really
didn't want to rush putting the tree up
and everything decorating the tree and
everything tonight so we thought we
thought maybe we'll do it tomorrow or
the day after but as soon as possible
really because that that's my wife's
favorite part of Christmas
apart from Christmas Day decorating the
tree and everything is the best I love
it so yeah that should be happening soon
and I can't wait to do with indeed
everything all right its second cleanse
is my MV Organic plans are if you see my
recent skincare video you wanna see my
review check out a few high nobuseri
check out if you're interested in my
skincare routine and I've also got a
favorites video up that's my latest
uploads like kind of like current
favorites November favorites I don't
want to wrap it on too long well thank
you thirsty for watching our vlog nurse
and hopefully you stay watching like
follow along with us it should be good
we've honestly like we've had a really
rough past couple of weeks and it's not
been something that we've might wanted
to already been able to or felt like
talking about online and I mean Jason's
tweeted I think like mentioning
mentioning it and I won't go into it but
yeah it's been a it's been a difficult
few ways look mrs. comment really good
times I feel like things should get
better and better and I think just it
being December really you know it just
makes everyone happier which is really
nice yeah
he thinks coming up it should be a
really good month we're going to winter
wonderland next week mr. pokey
if you live around London you just have
to go it's like mandatory I'm just gonna
put my moisturizer on then I might leave
you guys on my blonde I just put the
cleanser up
tomorrow is beautycon so and I'm on a
panel is that moisturizing up and yeah
I'm on a panel and Patricia bright it's
gonna be on the planet as well I think M
Ford's body forgotten everyone on the
panels really really good people on the
panel and that's to Mary that should be
a good vlog as well I'll try and get as
much footage while I'm there as possible
and but I need to try get couldn't sleep
so that's probably gonna be quite an
manic day little bit nervous about the
panel I don't actually get that nervous
about panels but only just before I'm
going one of my heart starts pounding so
hard
hey I'm gonna go thank you guys for
watching look miss day one and hopefully
we'll see you all the way through I'm
sorry because we don't have our kind of
vlogmas i corn and banner and everything
yet but we are we working on it the
channels definitely gonna be a bit more
Christmassy we just haven't got around
to it please subscribe if you want to be
kept up to date with all the vlogmas
videos it's free you just get a little
notification when i've uploaded one and
give the video a like if you liked it so
it pretty helped us we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye look
