a vise so Danny and I are on our way to
hope and we're staying overnight at the
Hoxton Hotel in Holborn and we're going
to be meet some lovely ladies from
origins which is really a vehicle
because all justice has always been a
favorite brand of mine and yet it should
be really good so we're just putting in
sent back for us Hey
oh yeah we tried this as well the Copa I
know we we never really have it usually
but it's would you reckon yes
slightly Danny's ring shades to hide the
community
we just arrived at the Hoxton it's
really nice
okay so you just had a drink downstairs
and chat it to the origins girls from so
so nice and we just come upstairs to go
it's Hector going to you to check out
our room and we both feel like really
surreal that we're staying in London for
the night because I don't think we have
now I've no say no hello oh my god what
are you oh it's here on the floor the
numbers on the floor smells nice
obviously noises all this little origins
packs I know look at the view is such a
lovely little London Street Newton
Street Danny and I are gonna go and
probably have some lunch or maybe take
some blog photos quickly while they're
still like because I kind of I jump at
any opportunity to get photos my blog
and then we're gonna probably get
dressed have a little drink and go out
and have more drinks should be a
hilarious tonight okay so I thought I'd
show you guys what I'm wearing what was
wearing today so my top is actually from
M&S Co I am just absolutely in love with
recently it's prawns alright and say oh
did I just say that and my trousers are
I forgotten are they Johnny organi I'll
link it down below my she's odd Johnny
so it's just opening this lovely little
and bag of origin fits and then we've
got a selfie stick we got so excited
like one second ago yeah I don't have
one so that's really cool be is enough
like it so our dinners come and it looks
so good I'm so glad we actually didn't
go out because there's this amazing
we got cocktails winter cure so it's
like a sweet rum one and then we've got
fries we're gonna chow down
oh yeah what's very annoying right now
is that righties ripped a hole will hold
all over the shops up in a bag anymore
maybe I'll take that one but it's really
big so we need to go out for some drinks
we're going we've tweeted last thing
like where's good because I'm rubbish at
knowing where's good to go out we're due
for a night out in London I love like
food and the daytime phone prophet so
yeah we're just gonna go and see what
happens really but I just thought I'd
show you guys my outfit even though
you've seen this trance before right
because I brought a few things like a
selection but I ended up wearing this
one and so yeah this is if you haven't
seen it this is from Topshop I'll try
and like it down below if it's still in
stock and my shoes are urban outfitters
which you guys see all the time as well
and then I'm gonna wear my same coat
that I had on earlier how nice is this
mirror so cool haven't shown you guys
the bathroom it's really snazzy
we don't know where we just go so we
want to find somewhere poppin yeah good
he's letting his head fit is he serious
hey what are their deal if it's not
popping where your paper I literally get
back in your car no I hope good night
and you're gonna make that happen I do
get a few nice little fellow yeah we did
almost died with his ex
oh no I got it
we really we gonna go because we come on
join in
what are you gonna get
McDonald's we're gonna chow down and
then fall asleep pretty much but we both
got a foot of fish and chips and some
chicken nuggets and that's about it
night guys oh hey guys it's the morning
after and it was a really good night it
was really good it was fun the rickshaw
might have been my favorite part
oh no the battery's dying um yeah so
anyway I was really good this hotels
been so good I'll link it down below yes
if you ever like coming to visit London
or something this is such a cool hotel
it has like restaurants
Ronnie's very excited because Danny's
back knees bum
I just been drowning in my
so article Diana just fighting about
jason'll tonight
these nachos are amazing
I mean we're somewhere in the car this
we're cool like that
and we would like I guess
that's here
ah she does probably a diploid yes
that's a really hard one good yeah
everyone I can do I like hello sir
Frankel's power and caracal hey we have
a nickname for Franklin I don't have Sam
said Oh No yeah call him Franky
blackfinger
because his little pinkie fingers black
and who the rest of white let hold on
Frankie black finger where the worst
look how nice and pink and white and
then Frankie black finger thank you Oh
night night from the duck I mean five
life mommy's fries just like go away on
your wrongs brothers o'clock
Riley by the way thank you guys all
those footfall TK Riley and Franklin
follow us on instagram it's pretty nice
soon they they're gonna have more
followers than me it's gonna be back
then they're so cute right then get
interested it bigger than Riley now they
cut Riley's little mini compact force
compared to Vicky's tiny little feet
he's Tony Tutsis and then like a
Franklin's giant oh you guys liked this
blog and yeah we're gonna sign off now
and I'm not good I'm just going to chill
so I'll probably edit this actually and
I'll see you guys soon yeah bad Felicia
matter
bye bye guys bye bye guys
