Monu it's Monday and I'm really really
hungry I've been up for quite a while
when I was like doing the sorting the
dogs out and then getting ready and just
like watching YouTube videos and stuff
but I'm so hungry
today I'm not sure what to do I really
feel like filming but I kind of i've
pre-filmed a little bit so I've got
nothing that I need to film but I just
feel like filming I'm there and then
later on Jason and I are headed up to
London because we've got like an okay
thing to do and it's kind of like this a
group session thing so yeah it should be
really interesting so it's kind of to
get some research done today I probably
consist of a lot of editing and probably
I'll just walk the dog oh my god oh my
phone's going today my iPhone 6 is
coming in about an hour I think and it's
being delivered
I can't wait because look at my phone
screen I don't if you'll be able to tell
but okay can you guys see look it's like
static it's just been like that for a
few days now I'm gonna make food Oh
Frank thing keeps pulling my I've got
these long trouser things on and he
keeps finding it entertaining I think
it's here look at the beauty of this
weight it's so light so I'm just getting
to grips with my phone and I love it so
much I just I know I keep going on about
it but ah I just love the size of it
it's amazing so yeah so Jason's already
gone up to London because he had a lot
more work to do up there and then me
today and we couldn't leave the dogs you
know all day so I'm staying home for a
little bit longer while he's up there so
you know I'm gonna walk the dogs and I
think I'll just take some look photos
and stuff I was gonna film today but no
no let me know what you want to see my
main channel cuz sometimes you do get
like YouTube a block so that's about it
really it's like a cup of tea it's about
1 p.m. and I'm just like swinging around
at my phone I just know I'll show you
guys like I love the right so they look
a bit weird here because I'm not
shoes but I got these really really
gorgeous like wide leg trousers from
ASOS and I love them because they look
like hey I'm like a skirt but then when
you're walking it's like no they're not
no they're not the material is lovely
and flowy and drapey so with heels or
boots or some kind of shoe where I think
they look really cool I'm just waiting
for my train to London my lips look
crazy cuz I had oops I had a lipstick on
analytical and it's stained yes I'm
gonna go and see Jason I go to game and
check out my PA box which is really
exciting so I love getting you the
ladies room you guys so we just did one
management offices and I'm at my few
books you just go through it and it's
always exciting - there's an champagne
with beauty parlor so amazingness
Oh Juicy Couture hashtag live famously
so we headed to art and in connect focus
group which is going to be it's like
just behind Selfridges
I don't have much time so we're just
getting some bit suppose that we need
and then
so ruin the room behind and mirrored
glass and they won't be able to see us
while we're back here like taking notes
about what people are saying and things
so it's really exciting like this is the
little room and we've got some
refreshments here here being filmed as
well so we can look back over all the
footage and so Wow when this light turns
off it's gonna be your secret so I don't
know do you guys can see through that
but mmm how even so we just come out
with the focus two hours we think about
what so we just set st. Christopher's
place which is just behind of the street
we have an easy much whole day so we
just forget some dinner but it was so
informative and helpful and it helps us
choose price
and see everyone's reactions to them and
what they do pair them to not compare
them to so how'd you find it really
interesting yeah it's really to get an
unbiased opinion on archiving
because that didn't know it was remarks
yeah no was eventually we wanted to be a
fashion brand in its own right so it's
really interested in
basically it's just like it was good -
this is my there's gonna guys sit down
someone
right then
hey guys so grand Jaime is Danny getting
some lunch and I started today's look
really late
but today's this morning's been a bit
hectic but we've gathered salad
Gama Roxy
salad stuff lovely subscriber what's
your name sir lovely to me but you want
to be in there hey guys so it's
Wednesday and and I'm about to go to
Starbucks to try and get a little bit of
editing done I went to the fridge
talking about a spell cross on because I
thought that might be good because it's
a little bit healthier and I love
besides as you guys know by trying to
have them free to everything so yeah
it's quite a nice day later were going
to the Game of Thrones premiere which is
so cool so I'm definitely gonna vlog
that as well so the excitation is done
for Pancras International hey guys so go
to the Game of Thrones premiere
beforehand we're going for a cheeky
drink
Victoria should be there from Illinois
and the zucchini
I'll probably join show you guys and
after the day in the little world when
totally I did not talk to it before I
left the house Jason's a very dad I'm so
excited tonight I can't wait with mother
no Sam said we've been invited to a
world premiere of
Game of Thrones said all these extra
words it's a very carpet event I sent
our Tower of London I think
the Tower Bridge or Tower of London how
can they shop in that syllable yeah but
that this is like a pop-up cinema I'm
guessing it's going to be unbelievable
this is Paris the biggest party than
they've ever thrown
yes Game of Thrones is
one for my favorite series time so I am
so chapter VMI
and I haven't I'm not up to date over
friends
did you all just say on the floor crying
Game of Thrones obsessed obsesses I'll
really like cocky not good enough no
someone else should be coming in that
place I'm just not who I've seen I love
we're gonna get there I'm gonna be like
oh look it's maroon she'll be like oh hi
oh I was I'd finished when you were like
season two
no no I thought so like three what how
many hot anyway but also before I forget
to mention I got this lipstick the other
day it's max there and it's a matte and
I'm wearing at the moment this is so
nice I think well it must be new because
I don't make it's new I don't remember
seeing it when ages ago and I was always
a Mac and EHR it's lovely
and it's Reese oft the noises come in
please
so now we've got to find the Doubletree
Hilton Hotel although there is it's
their server from the sky bar just
waiting for the others to get here
situation oh yeah really sorry on the
fancy red carpet so cool
what do you think
so I done the look here
thank you guys for watching so tired but
it was a really good day and yeah really
exciting so yeah see you guys soon and
I'll leave all links down below to like
anything on the video that I said I
would link and yeah I'm just gonna go to
sleep
