frankly it's Wednesday and as I said in
the last walk we're going so it was a
yester room yes yes became celesta
textile manufacturing warehouse in
leicester for n and k and we're going to
go to be looking for some new materials
for our next ranges and things like that
it's really exciting so should be
interesting
so I'm wearing Estee Lauder's pink
dragon I love the name of it as well and
it's it's got magnetic packaging and it
looks like this I love it it's so soft
it's just going to get some coffee of
course and then we're gonna be on our
way but you can see past my shades past
my shades past my shades we're just
getting petrol but there's an M&S I need
to see what is inside
I love eminence
I'm not feeling this cover man I like
her but shallow roadtrip essentials red
cherries midnight jumbo raisins and
cashew nuts
lucozade not for me Oh J also not for me
if any of you are coffee baristas stop
making the coffee with Mordor coffee by
that I mean it's so hot okay
Dragon Fire we're here and we're just
waiting to meet the guy and to show us
around okay so we just come out of the
place and we can well we couldn't refilm
and everything in there because alleged
wasn't on the conical clear booster that
we saw so we found loads of amazing
fabrics and we can start pre-planning on
those collections
cool we're just gonna visit pass a home
the dog needs some toys some more toys
and some more chewy things because they
just destroy everything and we're hungry
also and we eating from the home we've
come into M&S and there's a sale coffee
so we feed but Jason's going to go and
get a basket oh my god guys I'm in shock
look at all this M&F there it's the home
stuff there's so many things enough of
these flowers what is that
oh look all the sense oh that's pretty
I like this actually Sam's trying to
sexes so this is straight face thanks
over six are you
such a good selfie
I can do this Jane Doe just do yourself
even you've been doing this about ten
minutes go look into a camera come on
this is the mom right just lots of games
with some focused I'm very sleepy me
coffee found out I think until my first
I've kind of got meeting not anything
but kind of this cool thing at Dipti I'm
gonna kind of get my I think
personalized my own fragrance or
something which is I've always wanted to
do so yes that's in it at Selfridges or
not so Street
first coffee Caterham in central London
what my sister I'm just gonna go into
Liberty to have a little mooch and okay
there's some sunglasses that I really
really want and I'm gonna see how they
look on my face but glass is always
agreed on my face we've got a massive
face okay let's go whoa that van is
ruining my view
this body oil is gorgeous just finished
my little sense exploration so it
interesting and I'm so interested in
this cleansing balm
the Institute of Contemporary Arts and I
think so I'm going to install it 200
events or opens day and I believe it's
in here but I'm a bit early so I'm gonna
go and
there's a road around this food or
something so who's building look at this
building so I've actually miraculously
stumbled across where I supposed to
enter this place so I thought I get lost
here we have I was just waiting for
the Train we've got these massive booty
bags from Charlotte Tilbury and I love
your sunglasses so I feel like show you
guys my out what my outfit the day was
looks a bit dull now it was so bright
earlier my scarf is from Zara and my
jumpers from Topshop I found it in the
sale it's really really crazy and
earlier I had to top and underneath but
I don't anymore cos we hop my shorts are
from Urban Outfitters and then this
skirt is also from Urban Outfitters is
gorgeous I've had so many comments on it
today and my shoes are from office so I
trying to link everything down below
away my bags from DV star I'm gonna have
my Oprah probably gonna change and just
relax for a bit it's been a really
really good day
so yeah his Royals hello I almost forgot
to show you guys my makeup so after we
oh I can't believe also that Charlotte
Tilbury is there I didn't actually know
she was gonna be there and it was
amazing she's so glamorous and just so
down-to-earth and nice and yeah we've
got her of a sneak peek of her summer
collection of makeup which is just
amazing I can't wait sure of you guys so
I'll be blogging about it soon and
probably talking about it in my main
channel but if you haven't tried to
charlotte tilbury definitely do had my
makeup done by one of her head makeup
artists and he used what's it called
Mona Lisa the new eye shadow on my eyes
and I loved it and he just did my whole
face really and just went open my makeup
and it's so nice just I should go dark
with my eyes more I kind of stay away
from dark you know going too dark on my
eyes but it really brings out my eye
color are you watching over the garden
comfortable there Franklin
don't film daddy's face Franko's god
this is I'm too tired for kisses yeah
hey y'all so I just thought I'd end this
blog tonight before I fall asleep and
then start apologizing tomorrow about
Nick we just had curry for dinner which
was so good and I just I forgot to look
because that's so great I just like gave
it to me I'll leave any details down
below it's been quite a whirlwind of a
day I'm just tired and let me know if
you have any questions that I can also
join these books as well and I'll try to
include them in the videos and look
don't get to subscribe for more vlogs
and to stay updated on when there's new
video with new vlogs new videos and yeah
check out my Twitter Instagram if you
haven't at the Beauty crush and I will
see you guys next time bye before I go
I'm trying out the charlotte tilbury god
s skin clay mask oh my god it smells so
nice it's only the nicest smelling mask
I've ever used it's gorgeous I don't
know what the scent is but I'm sure
it'll be online anyway I'll link it down
below if you're interested it's just so
nice I can't wait to see what my skin's
like after after it and also isn't the
packaging gorgeous of the box so nice it
was your face ah-choo
