morning is Monday morning I don't think
it's near midday now but yeah we just
ran up the stairs and in true painfully
burnouts bury him down with his hairy
camera so yeah I've been working a bit
this morning basically perfected the
scramble there by choice
mozzarella bacon egg
I got spinach mozzarella sweet salmon
bacon and egg is coming breakfast we're
now on the way to the start again base
Moriah off to the gym been doing emails
and stuff this morning and I I haven't
been working out like much especially
cardio I've been doing a lot of yoga I
did the first 30 days of yoga with
adriene which was brilliant all of
January and then I did it a little bit
over February like hello
yeah so we we joined the gym around like
where we live now and we've been doing
like a month I'm just trying to bite the
bullet and just go I'm either really
like really hardcore into working out
and I go all the time or I'm just
totally like quietly bothered and I'm so
in that frame of mind at the moment if
not working out anyway so that's what
we're gonna do and I'm gonna try and do
something a bit Oh actually yesterday I
joked I went and just ran because I was
feeling a bit crappy to be honest and
it's one of the only things that really
helped me get everything off my mind and
kind of release oh he's just going to go
and get an energy drink and me some
water my car so messy I hate that
I want to say thank you guys for I've
had a night support you know like if you
receive so well we can't wait to
obviously release everything just
repeating but you thank you for all your
support also I'd like to say that on the
Bardot dress which a lot of people are
commenting which is the stripy one yeah
that's the stripy dresses it comes up
quite short in the photos but that
particular dress was started by that for
the war my doing that particular dress
was styled like that for the photo shoot
but if you order it and it will come it
will come
longer so it should be a couple of
inches longer than what's in the photo
also women's sizes go up to a size large
which is the equivalent of a sixteen
fourteen does it's 14 to 16 but because
of the way they design it should show
fit up to 16 to start yes you can see
and we hope to have a wider range of
sizes
you know what is it work and men's will
be from as small to extra large again we
will increase that as time goes on but
we will make a whole video talking about
all the details everything yes so it's
just a quick bit
we did the gym I remember so no I don't
think I've been to the gym for like well
over
since I'm along like since moving okay
anyway it was good
I did like interval running like fast
running and then walking and then I did
the power plate which you guys saw and
then I thought I forgot to vlog like we
did at work we were doing pad work which
sounds dodgy girl so yeah both what's
built so I feel we've got a lot of
energy now it's just good but Jason's
not really in right now feel like I've
been here - guard me sorry but we're
gonna go and get coffee
of course after workouts Lily's creative
coffee I have no idea why because I've
got energy but I don't need it I do
I'm the before kind of coffee oh oh oh
also this is this was sent to me
actually from adidas is the stellar
sports collection this is a really bad
way of trying to show you this but um
anyway it'll came in this bag but I love
this bag it's now my new gym bag I love
the color scheme is very unlike me but I
I don't know I just like it's really
soft
and I'm wearing the trainers that they
sent took me a while to try them out a
link then down below if they're online
it should be when you're talking about
trainers does it remind anyone else
every time of Jumanji park where they
like Prince it's so interesting thank
you okay so I'm just making dinner and
preheating the oven and okay so again
I've been whoa whoa I'm gonna focus
oh my god I'm vulgar okay so I've been
editing for a while and I put my
lookbook up just now it's all so excited
to up like because I was just really
proud of it so I'm and I love the music
in it so yeah check that out if you
haven't it so from my main channel I
want to make a stew chicken stew
because I got all the ingredients and
before they go off I need to make it so
we can't have it tonight because it
takes like six hours to cook like at
least so I'm gonna make it tonight
it will cook overnight then we'll have
it tomorrow for dinner now this is very
boring but maybe I'll film bits and bobs
of it I don't know I need to let you
guys know about something that can be
very damaging British people maybe I
threw the Box away so if you ever get I
mean if you get PD tips right and you're
ever tempted to get the strong one don't
it's so bad it's so bad
it's disgusting it's not even strong
like it makes t really weak what just a
bit of warning dinner is the Sainsbury's
thing of like turkey scallop is it no
it's nice and I have pimples and a
future jason has beans they're cold
okay who who eats cold baked beans
because I think this is just disturbing
and yeah that's that cuz for lunch I had
quality business so I've got my green
stuff yeah don't worry
do you know anyone else that has them
cold yes
well what's one person's name
Hey Oh champions have concrete hey guys
it's Tuesday and I'm just in town
because I'm gonna sit that coaster and
just get some work done because another
time I find it really hard to
concentrate when I'm at home and like
the dogs are barking and other knows
like kinda stressful when I don't know
get into work mode such a nice day today
just write this it's really nice I like
it it's fresh okay so we're in the park
now just giving the dogs a bit of a run
yeah I got loads done in cost us that's
good you got anything to say no dropping
your balls
ah
so I'm in Tesco no just after dumpling
and her body which I don't think they
have for the stew so you're balancing on
a drink of squash I hope you don't fall
in and perish half a but if feels that
gives off 10:00 at night over last night
Riley woke us up at 3:00 in the morning
he was barking his head off at something
I don't know what it was outside Jason
went to go and check and thought it
would be a fox or something I don't know
but I couldn't get that sleep like an
hour and I was just thinking and
thinking and thinking for ages you know
you just can't get back to sleep and
your mind just goes nuts and then I had
a nightmare anyway it was a good night
sleep
so it's fired basically and that's what
probably feels quite late for me so I'm
just in me room and by weight I feel I
filmed a room tour of this room so
that's gonna go up soon on my main
channel it should be going up next
Thursday and yes so as you guys may have
noticed at the moment I'm finding it
quite easy to do two days at a time of
these vlogs and upload so if you guys
really hate that let me know if you
don't mind then that's cool and some
days I'll probably do just one day vlogs
if I feel like there's nothing enough
enough enough enough copper need to
sleep in the day tomorrow we're going on
a little road trip and it's gonna be to
do with N&K November night our clothing
brand so now we really quickly Oh in
case you're wondering a dress I'm
wearing is from free people from which
is them from Urban Outfitters I'm in
love with it let me try and show you
what it looks like it's so pretty I
posted a picture on my Instagram but
it's kind of like this shift dress and
it's got long sleeves but it also looks
really nice with the sleeves up like
that and the back it's just hot I just
love it don't you love it it's so cute
but what I love is that it's it looks
like it's hand embroidered it's such a
nice quote quality like
has a under slip dress as well to it
it's really really nice it's quite
expensive but if you're looking for a
gorgeous spring/summer piece that is
really versatile then check this out
I'll link it down below in case you're
interested and right so I'm gonna go I
don't know what else I can update you
and I feel like this has been quite dull
but um everyone says that I I want so
many vlogs that people that when the
when the YouTube is filming them they
think it's dull but I'm just like no I
love watching everything you do is I
hopefully this isn't too dull and I'm
gonna edit this now maybe trying a bit
done tonight if not in the morning get
uploaded let me know if you guys like
these vlogs to be uploaded in the
morning UK time or in the evening UK
time anyway I'm gonna go before I keep
on babbling today Riley chewed up
someone's ball in the park that was
embarrassing literally it was a football
like heavy-duty football and you're just
literally in 20 seconds he ripped it up
sorry
 I'll see you guys in the next look
thank you so much for watching and don't
get subscribe for more vlogs and just to
see my daily life and stuff and I link
everything down below Twitter Instagram
all that jazz
