hey or it's Saturday and Sunday it's
Sunday about just one midday and I just
kind of still getting ready for the day
and stuff I've done my hair kind of
meets a bit more curling I thought that
I would just start the vlog in so I'm
just working on a blog post at the
moment my family are coming rounds I'm
in about half an hour or so so that's
like my mom my stepdad Danny and also my
aunts and maybe some cousins I'm not
even sure thing like there's a whole
parade of people coming I'm just taking
process of things on my furry rug at the
moment so you can check out my blog for
this post if you're interested and I've
been taking loads of fashion where am i
phone with my feet we've been taking
loads of fashion blog posts recently
like I'm really like into at the moment
so yeah check my blog out for those if
you're interested right so I better just
crack on
are we gonna do that when you get it
Jesse I'll get it this Sunday I'm just
off to the gym but I'll leave I've got
hardest thing to do cause look at this
Oh Frankie no I've got this one
looking at me family's here what are you
cooking and pasta and I've got a glass
of wine I was craving pasta cuz I saw
what I saw the after you know enemy
makes like their puppet don't me anyway
I thought maybe
oh you're in the background so tonight
we're going to see focus with Will Smith
and Maggie no Margot Robbie Michael so
yeah exploited I love Will Smith and I
love her she's amazing just to look at I
could let you what to fill or perfect as
we can I see the family so didn't feel
much when my family in here it's just a
whole massive like just chit chat
session and it's just hard to kind of
thing take a breather or do anything
else
let me watch this house balance
everyone's up tunes Annie's just
recorded a song so that's really really
cool that should be out soon
like my own Savina yeah let me show you
those Francophonie used to be in a
really cute position if any of you guys
wondered the candor that we're burning
at the moment is I always said a name on
but I think it's like melon and goats
but it's dark rum and it's really nice
it's a bit more subtle than tobacco I do
prefer tobacco that's nice a little
Franklin is over here by the telly okay
I'm gonna do the hospital made some kind
of concoction but it looks good yeah
yeah it's not quite done we're gonna add
fresh tomato hey guys it's the morning
after and right I'm gonna try to vlog as
much as I can this month so I'm not
gonna say every day because I don't want
to commit just in case but I'm gonna do
my best to vlog pretty much every day
what every other day or every three days
or you know something like that whatever
whatever kind of happens naturally
so I do feel like looking today and it's
Monday so I'll be vlogging today on the
next video so hopefully I mean you guys
will see that soon morning it is ah my
god no it's not morning it's very very
not morning it's about 22 - I've been
working all morning basically and I'm
just about to pop out to go to town to
get some bits and bobs because I'm going
away tomorrow so I need to get some
travelling bits and maybe make up a
coffee
I'm just going to be
right where are my glasses on my head
got my stuff gonna go home now oh my god
I just had the strangest experience
right and I don't really get freaked out
that often or like I don't get into
dodgy situations it's the middle of the
day as you can see and I went in a taxi
to get home and the guy was in the front
right he needed this massive like kind
of massive van as a taxi so obviously I
usually get in the back and he was like
I went to the window time and he tapped
his seat and he was like come up here
it's like okay like half of me was like
if this was nighttime I definitely
wouldn't get in but and it's a bit weird
and it's a proper taxi rank like he
wasn't a random taxi so I got in the
front right thinking maybe he's just a
little bit strange and then he's like
making grunting noises right so I don't
know if he had maybe he had a problem or
something but it was like very sexual
grunts and I was it just maybe
uncomfortable and like obviously I
didn't I don't know for certain what it
is
so I was like what does it no it's but
my bag smells kind of like fumbling
around and he was like put them here and
tucks the seat next to me but closer to
him and then I just freaked out a little
just like I'm gonna get in a different
taxi just I was like bye oh what's going
on it's the middle of the day it's sunny
as well today it's like that wouldn't
happen so yeah I got freaked out Jason
called me because I text him and he was
like you all right but yes I just got
freaked out yeah just got back home and
you guys like my new coat I got it from
Zara and it's like this it's got a
hoodie it's like a hoodie lining but
it's not but it is it's really cool I
like it so yeah it's wearing that today
um I'm gonna go and make some not make
I'm gonna create my prep food that I
just bought and I'm gonna get some
editing done I've got lace doing it and
I'm really excited I've had coffee sorry
I'm excited about the videos that I'm
putting up my next one is
no my next let's get many of me then
I've got it edit my video of Sonya and
then I've got a look but to edit which I
film today and yeah
and then I've got to pack my bag it also
works I think you've got a cover up like
your shoulders and legs in Dubai if you
aren't about yeah I need to pack
something for that I'm not for what to
do anyway I'm gonna go and come down for
my coffee hi I hear noises downstairs
what's going on what's going on how do
you do
I've come downstairs to make coffee and
spend a little bit of time with them and
I'm just um doing my thumbnails for
upcoming video
whoa um cuz I was looking so much better
yeah babies thank you so I'm gonna make
some almond milk
I was watching Alex from HOH affection
critter shuffle gone talk HRH collection
recently and we've got an espresso
machine but she had these green capsules
that looks really good well I likes the
color they were a strong coffee so like
these kind of very really cool color and
he's been once so I'm just gonna make a
coffee which cut from I used to do so in
case you guys want me to it
Jason's been working today and then also
he had to go to the horsey that's go to
the hospital so just waiting for him to
come back and hold you down the house
really
so it's late now just had dinner
actually have my little we never ever do
but Jason didn't have too much of a good
day so it was a little bit over I think
you know a cheap mill so like make him
feel a little bit better and I didn't
even I didn't eat all of Mike's I didn't
even enjoy it that much so I need to
pack but I also want to show you guys
what I got earlier at the shop so that's
my case that I have to pack and it's
pretty small it doesn't look a small on
video anyway
so today I got these candles they were
on topper and there's joy the joy de
vivre I don't know how set it's really
nice um that's
Chuba rose bouquet c'est la vie Presi
and cafe this is so so nice it's by the
country candle and these all the same
brand of candle and this is gardenia and
cardamom so my what are you doing to the
rug Franklin Franklin are you doing are
you doing just watching Barbara the
Persian babe chill out guys if you
haven't yet for some reason because
she's lovely so nice and so gorgeous and
I love her videos and right so then I
also got this mug and the right which is
this kind of Old English set and it says
let us drink to the health of Her
Majesty with a cup of tea huh I'm not
really into the royal family but I just
thought it was nice then I got this then
I've got this glass which is sorry Cole
just cuz it's white and it's just nice I
got them all all of this but this was
350 this was just a few pounds these
were only a few pounds each so yeah
Morgan and then they also got this pack
from boots because you can use this bag
to take on the plane so I can pre pack
so like I said I need to think of what
to pack I really don't know what's
that's probably lick my lips so I'll
recap
and where he caps up with you when I
finished packing and then I'll show you
what I'm my pack my bag oh I'm so tired
I need to sleep I don't know actually
when this is gonna go up because I'm so
tied to edit today so it might be a
little bit backlogged but I'll try and
catch up I'll probably do a little
editing on the plane huh that wasn't
need to charge always stuff Oh think
about okay I'm going to show you front
plane and then I'm gonna pack
