hello we're on the way to get Franklin
to the hospital I just wanted to show
everyone
Franklin's scared of the window wipers
and it is the funniest thing ever it's
okay
yes get used to them yeah we can't just
not do it Franklin Franklin hey yeah
so my hair's brown I just felt like a
change and I just just what I get bored
really easily so just so I can have an
underground it's kind of like my natural
color actually this kind of my natural
color is kind of mousy like my mom's let
me know you think so on our way to hitch
him - yeah so Franklin can have his I
operated on aggressive
and this one's quite a lot more
extensive and he has to stay there for a
lot longer it's a heel
it'll be good because it will finally
fingers crossed be able to get rid of
the cherry I know what you're gonna do
and you're a big bad bulldog and you're
scared of the window wipers where you
can do that
oh if the any stir that going at the
moment you guys mercy
there's good still Easter so it's a
little bit of a road trip say because it
takes it all together so we look
are you ready another one
I'm so tired
I only got about two hours sleep last
night before we posted November night
into the ground last night social okay I
was all really excited and had loads of
ideas and stuff so I couldn't really
sleep that and I got neck problems and
now we're just off to take some pictures
with Sam's of look so should be cool
check out my blog if you have it I post
different content on my blog slightly to
my youtube channel so it's not just like
here's what video I did recently I love
doing
yeah it's called Beauty crushed or
credit
hey guys it's Friday morning oh it's not
morning well where did we leave off
yesterday do you remember as you guys
told Franklin went in yesterday for his
cherry operation so good speaking about
today quite soon you got anything for
sec I'm tired I don't do things until I
get coffee okay but no I should be
sharing a lot more in the Blanc's
because now I can share all the November
night stuff with you so she meant we
talked about it a little bit yeah why
not
so okay I don't know it's such a big
announcement I don't know how or when do
exactly announcer and I haven't
announced it yet on my main channel but
I feel like this this channel is a
little bit like the followers on
Instagram and everything yeah it's kind
of a bit more personal but I feel like
you guys know us a bit more yeah
the other day we released on both of our
instagrams that we're both releasing
them a night which is going to be our
clothing brand well it is our clothing
right just now it so men's and women's
clothing they can't smell your breath
but I can smell it I got it thank you
and we'll be releasing it this year and
it should be quite a long early on in
the air but I'll obviously will keep you
guys posted so if you guys want to
follow the Instagram of our Instagram
have M&I or link it down below and I put
it in the video and we have Twitter so
both of them are November nights without
the hand so yeah if you want to follow
on their or kind of follow our vlog
channel as well anyway for updates or at
all because we'll be filming loads of
different parts of the process of it and
the launch and just so you can see sneak
bits also we've logged during our photo
shoots that we did for it so that's
really cool way to put that up so it's
in because wanted to create something
for ages and thanks to Jason really it's
all happened because I the business side
of it and he's amazing so yeah we
started planning just over a year ago
actually not the Christmas just gone the
Christmas before
that's what we actually started planning
it but we talked about it for years and
like I always thought if I was to bring
something out for you know like people
that follow me and subscribers and
everyone to be able to buy I didn't want
to just chuck something out there like
not not well-made not well thought out
and I didn't didn't just want to put
like beauty crush on something that I
didn't really care that much about or
something so this is just its own brand
and it in its own right really but based
off of both of our styles and interests
and lifestyle quite a London brand as
well so it's kind of cool because
wherever you are in the world you can
get a little bit of a taste of how we
like to dress not everyone here but like
it's the kind of London style in a way
it's really crazy you guys could live
you guys have heard it here first we'll
be giving more updates if want to ask
any questions leave them down below but
we're really excited
check out the its crown again photos of
the clothes and stuff like that a lot of
people have asked as well we will be
shipping internationally yeah very
global
so we've arrived
Franklin's army somewhere and one of
these houses but yeah bitch got going
here what's this place called Davies
Davies veterinary he did the rest insane
bum Wiggles it was like bomb explodes -
honey you just got to keep him on
medication he can might be around Riley
because they play a lot and stuff and he
needs to be really rested
so that's fine so here will ever thank
you guys for your tweets and Instagram
comments saying that you mission well
yeah so just on our way home
morning it's Saturday and again I don't
know what happened just to tell you
nothing nothing is I'd have nothing
inciting happens let me go ahead and he
just sent some time a frank plane and
then just chilled and I just edited and
so here's the nil one he's supposed to
be I supposed to be keeping calm and
resting face doing really well easy he
said his eye drops that's make a coffee
with some almond milk here we go and
yeah I don't have to eat but anyway this
is boring oh um check back ok bye
hey vials Riley why me why me he's been
trying to get onto the bed all morning
so we don't really that a month unless
we want him up there
he's glad hey guys sorry in there sorry
I guess think I'm not sure
anyway your PIN what I meant something
in this year
we're and we are here because I'm going
to Diwali on Tuesday I've always wanted
to go there so I'm really really excited
and I'll be vlogging it so yeah but I
need a smoothie somebody got a okay
I've really got a massive massive
supercooling whatever I go somewhere
where I need a small amount of things I
bring the massive what I was going to
say wow this
some adjustments of Waitrose got some
food because we've got some friends
coming over I'm actually gonna be doing
a bit of filming but not for me gonna be
filming me or something
that make me
because in the mid going out tonight
it's night time now and we're going out
seeing some friends they've just went
out to pick fish and chips I can't wait
driving on fish and chips for about two
years or something was so long I'm just
chilling with little Franklin he's doing
good I'm trying to get this some these
eye drops in his eye be so clever that
he knows how to Dodgers thank you on
your face in your eyes you're gonna take
like a good man hey where do it okay
real quick Oh ready and here is Jason
without to joy one lesson all
good
