hey so it's Friday morning and you know
I thought that Brooks at ages I woken up
I've done a bit of yoga then I got
dressed
I got showered just came down and fed
the dogs I've let the dogs out Rome
where are they
Franklin crazy
here's Wiley miles hey hey you like my
new place this weekend
Franklin health areas these are the
trees this is where he likes to roam if
you can see him he's there
okay I'll get him in a minute anyway I'm
making tea and I just put a cross on in
the oven and I'm gonna eat there and
there's some dishes that need doing a
lot of the stuff we put away in the
house but there's still a lot of boxes
that need to be done but they're just
today my sister's coming over and we're
gonna go on-site for it because I never
really have kind of old days and I don't
see how that much so we're gonna go go
to town we're gonna have a massage which
they never do like we've never ride a we
never ever do that together we haven't
done it before so that'll be really good
and then later on Jason and I are going
out with some friends so today you
should be a pretty good day and it feels
week so I've looked for a while so I
feel new again
but anyway do you want wasn't it Jesse
- jazzy let me know if you know when
that's gonna make some teeth in a
favorite mug okay
these are like my favorite mugs then
glasses then mugs I use a little bit
less and then even less so this is like
my favorite market moments from
Anthropologie
Oh should I go for ya
here are the boys O'Reilly got a phone
they love her out there I've got an a
sauce package so I was just I was just
so I just sat do my makeup and then
something was posted through the door
and the door and there's these flowers
and wake they were supposed to come
tomorrow on Valentine's Day I think but
they've come early and but I didn't want
them what the name was to Jason so I'll
just say oh you got some flowers but I
didn't want them to like I'm dying or
something cuz it's not time yet so I
open them look at so cute oh
such lovely packaging the dotty payam
plastic red roses oh my favorite
hey guys so I just finished finished
filming a video for my main channel I'm
sweating for Danny to get here because
I'm really hungry I don't know what to
do I have to eat though anyway Riley's
here with me no good boy like when they
come and like check on you either
and waiting from so good if you haven't
had it with this stuff you have to Danny
putting on born girl I show you and I
take a half chicken he's coming
so we're wearing flip-flops it's the
middle of February and it's a Friday
night
yeah we just had our massages and
pedicure favorite laughs they were so so
lovely in there we went to shop knees
thank you guys it was amazing happy
Valentine's Day
obviously Ballantine's day but um you
watch this Jason I just headed off to go
and get some breakfast all it's going to
be not us to meet and we've just stopped
off at the post office to pick up a
package because pick up a penguin
because yeah here's Valentine's Day
present to me didn't arrive in time and
I think it's here so trying to get hold
of that just chilling I think for most
of the day to be honest because we're
both really tired and that's that so I
might do a little bit of vlogging today
just twisted some
that's watch as we see her and natural
habitat
the restaurant waiting for her food to
be brought to her
now in case well done - whoever
recommended the carbonara Pizza you ruin
the beauty crushes Valentine's Day
very dry
Darcie can't even tell the scale on
video hey guys so earlier on we were
outside and Jason's friend Sam and
Vinny's health and they had two amazing
dogs did you see the big dog it was so
big and majestic but now we're back home
we fed the dogs and yeah Jason's making
dinner so he's making steak and we don't
have to take that often like I don't
like having a steak a lot so I I'd have
it kind of everyone once every month or
so say so yeah he's making
so I'm telling us my mum said anyone
else's long Easter cool everyone else's
name but she's call me Danny
and then my nun calls me like will my
cousin's name it's happening to me thank
you very much I'm ready for my foods is
not for you little one we're watching
Breaking Bad just started to get into it
yes finally
when we stop guys
but wait until you hear train every time
yeah so
which is like oh it throws a little bit
we're in shortage house so we're looking
for the sixth floor for the garden super
secret garden places we were in the
stalker and the MS this is amazing
yes today was so so nice we met up with
Hannah max and or well Hannah and Steph
and I'll put their channel down below
they're the nicest nicest people ever
and their little baby Gracie who's just
over a year I think we just you know sir
a call up and just have a good old
chinwag we were their fate oh my god
shortage house is amazing oh wait who's
been it's amazing they've got a pool in
there they call a little secret rooms
everywhere they just like food
everywhere flying around it's amazing
like if you've got kids they're really
good with kids in there
and it's so cool so yeah I think we'll
be back there at some point but yeah you
guys please check Hannah and stuff out
they make the most amazing vlogs and
like I know that people always saying
there's just so many good people on
YouTube that I feel like I'm always like
oh they're amazing they're anything but
honestly they're they make like kind of
not daily looks but like they make vlog
source like the week or you know of a
few days and the way they do it is very
stylish it's really calm it's lovely to
watch it's down-to-earth and honest and
it's just love them in case you don't
know them but we went into good Oh check
out my new shades she's like them I'm in
love because when we were I've had a
glass of wine only half a grasp when I
went to molteau of Jason if you link
that blog down below if you guys mister
I lost my ray-bans now my favorite are
you were ray bands and that they're gone
forever so I found these in will this
lines not gonna do them justice
but oh look at them like this lighting
isn't doing it this brand retro super
future awesome can't wait to look it's
more sunny anyway they're really nice
quality as well by the way also should I
show you what else I got I got this
little pot this is my wife it's like a
ceramic it's like a plant pot but I'm
gonna put pens in it I just think it's
really nice that's right Instagram of
home and and then I got this little
candle from Motel rocks they sent me
their most the cutest little care
package which my instagrams about so I'm
planning that and then I got this
massive notepad which I just think I
just love the pad the prints I just
think it's gorgeous they also do it in
gray because we're still settling and
everything I feel like these books are
still a little bit all over the place
because we're a little bit all over the
place but they should kind of comment
you know calmed down a little bit soon
and be even more regular yeah I hope you
guys liked this video and let me know
what kind of looks you want to see in a
future any kind of specific type of
vlogs or anything we still don't have
all our furniture so that's why we
haven't done a home tour yet but as soon
as the sign for carbs I'll probably do a
house tour but definitely will still do
a room tour of this room I put Pauling's
down below in case you wanted to check
anything out and I'll see you guys soon
bye hey
