thank you everyone for coming
there's so many of our friends and
family here and it's just great to see
you all
let's just talk through the brushes
really quickly so we've got the new
brushes which are absolutely beautiful
you would recognize it again there yet
no my hand we do this
oh wait wait wait maybe I prefer your
and a shake
also TV appearances came up the bold
metals real techniques of n feels so
good and I thought I'd show you my
outfit so migrated from ASOS my dress
looks like this and it's from Zara other
day but my bras out sorry my bag is also
keys are my shoes are and open
Outfitters and on my lips I'm wearing
Charlotte Tilbury is fun girls
hey guys so it's Friday morning and this
weekend is going to be a little bit of a
crazy one because we're moving on Monday
morning really early actually I think
the men are coming at like 9:00 in the
morning so yeah um what am I trying to
say so Jason's just cooking breakfast
because he's lovely
um and then I've got a lot of work to do
and stuff and then we've got a pack
boxes for the move so yeah this
weekend's just a bit of a all over the
place I want a lot of packing and then
we're moving whoa and we're just moving
a little bit further out because we both
love London but we find out it can get a
little bit overwhelming sometimes and
stress with definitely for me it can get
stressful and so we're going to go
somewhere with a bit more space yeah
more room for the dogs more room for us
I'm gonna have a filming room which I so
excited about because I don't have much
space here so yeah hopefully videos will
look a lot better as well this vlog
might be a little bit crazy but bear
with us so this is my one that smoked
salmon
jaison's with the bacon
Oh impatience
so I was about to start doing Jaeger I
sit down
and this list alone just came and sat on
my lap like Hello it was cold up you're
so cute he's really interested in my
camera all the time oh hey so I'm just
gonna skip it so good me and I just got
Notley subscribe so I didn't catch your
name
whatever no kit no no so it is I guess
we're in a hoot sense
oh we're moving in quarters at two days
two days so I want some nice stuff for
my filming Worman just the house here we
go oh I definitely want this wish it's
okay Riley you don't believe in the box
you just move on your own copy your
colony the box
it's not even tasty daddy's happy to be
moving so we're pretty much packed and
these two are just sitting what should
it'll happen
are you the best buddies now they just
said you betting you ready to go he's
guys come on he's all ready to go
to express something that I went pretty
much past what I need to move tomorrow
morning which is going to be like cual
thing in the morning
I have a I've been kind of excited but
kind of more strap where Chase is no
more excited
ah say this so we're gonna get yummy
pizzas there's a carbonara pizza let us
know if that's good Wow that big piece
of cotton
hey guys moving day morning just sitting
down to have a really really quick
breakfast cuz they're moving men are
here so I just need to just need to get
some energy in and yeah it should be a
pretty crazy day but exciting moving
breakfast strange omelette and crumpet
bye else also empty righty
are you ready this is it Roxy leaving
empty I'm just looking so yeah we've got
to go okay boy house
he just did the thought in Bella are you
doing what are you doing what are you
doing Riley is going he's opening up
much he's been running around all the
rooms going nuts various so Jason's
mom's just looking after Franklin well
the you know this main move bit has been
happening so he'll be here as well soon
and ah so excited to be in a new place
and I've got my own whole road to film
in and edit and stuff which I've never
ever had which is amazing so I'm just so
excited and really grateful and thankful
and soppy I'm getting all sappy but you
know it this is amazing I'm so thankful
so I'll show you a little bit I don't
this video to be way too long this is
the kitchen obviously everything's
really messy oh my god what are you
doing
Riley's loving it there's a little room
there there's a toilet dog bed
the hospital morning the second day in
this house and oh he was becoming windy
must be freezing
so Frank name we just sat outside
because it's snowing it's his first snow
all it was saying and I'm but he wants
to come back it will be freezing morning
or sports copy dog and what's going on
guys very cool is my luck he's just
fooling Missy Franklin no oh oh up here
up I know evident before good boy
it's not cool not you thank you and you
were here yeah
so I was just editing this vlog and then
I realize that I didn't do an outro
sorry I don't know what happened it's
been such a crazy week and everything
and I just totally forgot and I'll try
to log everything in that amount of time
anyway so thank you guys so much for
watching and we'll be back on schedule
soon making a lot more videos just kind
of settle down into the new place and
everything and I hope you guys liked
this and don't worry because I am
planning to do a tour of my filming room
which is in here and and hopefully off
the house so yeah that should be coming
at some point but I'll keep you guys
updated and so it's like it's be here
and excited to just carry on doing what
shut up
people filming and stuff in the new
place with more space and all that jazz
so hope you well and by of you guys
laughs boy he's from home sense got him
ages ago he called
