hey guys welcome to another weekly vlog
and Ashley it's Tuesday today I feel
like it's Monday but yesterday I was
kind of doing work all day so we've
missed a Monday but yeah it's so blunt I
feel a little bit like Lucia smell for
you but it's okay we'll make it work I'm
just about to get ready to film some
videos yeah last week I went to Mac with
Danny and then I said I'd show you what
I got and then I completely forgot some
rubbish but I got the pro noweb powder
in dark plus because I want a really but
I want a staple bronze shade and I think
hopefully this will be it and then I
want a more like a coal liner instead of
a liquid liner cause I want to start
experimenting a bit more so I got the
tecnico liner in Graff black and then I
also got to help you look more awake I
got one in wrists game so this is what
the bronzer looks like the liners so I
haven't tried these before and though
I'm very excited I thought I'd show you
some new in from glossy eggs I'm so
excited about these things
the primary moisturizer I've heard loads
about and then I've got the generation G
like lip colors one is in like which i
think is my favorite one and one in cake
which is more of a natural and there oh
my god I've got two boy brows and then
I've got the daily sunscreen really
excited to add this into my daily skin
care and I've got another primary
moisturizer I love this I've been using
this everyday for about a month or so so
this is a backup one so I'm gonna
halfway through filming I just thought
I'd say hi cuz my batteries just died in
my camera so I'm just kind of resetting
up everything what are you doing
okay I can sort this out my camera's
having a Barney just finished filming
what who I haven't flopped much today
because I filmed three videos today so
it's taken hours yeah I'm excited about
these videos though but yeah when I've
got a filming day there's not much time
to film log in now I've got to clean up
actually no now I've got to
that's always for dinner I've made this
sort of butternut squash salad it's kind
of a bit of a tweaked version of this
one which is so good this is in my bowls
of goodness book hey guys it's Wednesday
I'm just getting ready because to do my
makeup because today I'm headed over to
Lucy Moon's pad and we're gonna film for
her podcast so I'm so yeah I'm really
excited I'm a little bit nervous because
I haven't read I've really done the
podcast with Jason and yes I like don't
want to mess it up for anything I'm
throwing yeah the weather's horrible
today
it's like blustery and crappy oh I just
tried out also this
it's the look oh my god I said this from
NARS thank you so much Naz honestly
neither one of the I get so excited for
anything from them it's the new natural
radiant long wear foundation and I
really like I've used it for the first
time this morning
and I really like it so far I want to
see how it was it seems to be a bit of a
mix between NARS sheer glow and the all
day luminous weightless foundation and
they're both some of my favorite
foundations they got some darker shades
as well but I think they're too dark
I've got Tahoe and Mac out oh my god I
just realized this is amazing because
now I can get my absolute perfect color
match at nas like Stromboli I've
wondered if I've been strong by a foot
for ages yeah I just thought I'd Chuck
when I get ready a little bit so this
week is it's just a huge prep week
really I just need to get a lot of stuff
sorted I need to get a lot of I skipped
like all my videos editors because I'm
going away next Monday and I'm going to
the Maldives I can't believe it I'm
dying um yeah so then going to the gym a
lot and I'm just like scheduling content
I need to get my nails done
all right I was thinking of getting
eyelash extensions but I don't know then
it means I mean because I love the girl
that go to in in Notting Hill but I just
bother to travel all the way to nothing
Hill at the moment so yeah ah today
maybe I'll just take some false lashes
with me
oh I yesterday
I wore this it's the new it's the Mac
pencil that I showed you in risk a
risque I really like it like I forgot
how much they'd open up your eyes eye
bags I think they're looking good
there's definitely like it doesn't feel
as puffy as it did when I first got them
done I do notice that this they still
look quite dark though like in the
morning so um either they're kind of
still settling in someone actually
commented that they've had it done in
about four weeks after it looked the
best I'm kind of like maybe I mean I can
tell the difference when I look down I
can definitely tell the difference
it just doesn't sink down as much but
like maybe on me it doesn't take
amazingly or maybe you just that's the
kind of result I'm gonna get from one
mill I had one mill done or over both
eyes but yeah maybe I just need a bit
more but I don't really want to keep
pumping my face I've been trying out the
better than sex mascara
ah I always forget to curl my lashes
okay probably gonna sign off now just
because um otherwise I'll take a just do
my makeup and then I might miss my train
so I just need to kind of do the rest
and then leave and make my way to
Lacey's
just jumping it so I made it to Lucy's
and she's made me up by one toast I've
only had yoghurt this morning like a
pizza for mountainous yeah I have to
show your jumper cuz it's so nice
where's it from it's from Topshop I
don't know if it's still around if it
was in the sale it was like see ya oh
it's really nice nice look at Dublin so
I've totally forgot to forget anything
else but yeah we filmed I'm so excited
to see it yeah I think what are you
doing Kay oh my god yeah well then we
had to contend with the drilling next
door yeah go home safe have a good day
it's such a nice time at Lucy's off
we've just chat and chat like we could
chat hours and think I'm at Shepherds
Bush I'm not sure whether to go into
looks I've got about half an hour free I
don't know what it's going to Westfield
at home and do editing so I didn't go to
West hooks I'm actually planning to go
there on Friday the weather is just it's
not hair weather you know like is that
weather that you do your hair and then
two minutes outside you just look
horrendous and say I obviously have just
come back home I've got about an hour or
less than actually until I have don't
get little empty so I just thought I'd
come home and kind of finish work on a
video hey guys it's Thursday and today
I've failed because I left the house
this morning and I just I forgot my flip
camera and that never happens but this
morning I went to the gym and then I
went to going get my nails done so I'm
prepping for the trip next week yeah
I've just got back changed back into my
cont fees I'm loving these adidas
leggings at the moment and this jump is
just from like a sauce but also oh my
god there have been so many deliveries
today so I thought I could show you a
little bit of her it's not a pierre box
opening but like a few deliveries that
I've had so new in from where I sell
I've heard so much about this this is a
primer what's the full name it's the to
show color primer this I've never seen
before I'm so excited about it it's a
it's a translucent powder I've also got
the instant moisture glow I think I've
had this before if it is the same thing
or I might have had something similar
but I loved it last time and then I've
got to Chicago shot and then some color
correcting to show Klaus who I sell is
just it's always beautiful new in from
Tom Ford is this it's the Vernell fatale
and I've sprayed this already and oh my
god I'm already in love I'm just I'm so
obsessed with Tom Ford fragrances it's a
bit like an OD musky vanilla and it's
just amazing qu'il sent over this it's
their powerful strength line reducing
concentrate 25 assumed love 12.5 percent
vitamin C oh it's a new a new version
because I love the original of this so
I'm really excited about this Thank You
keels and bit of a stalker purchase but
I was watching Jamie Genevieve and I saw
that she
he likes to Smith brushes so I thought
I'd order one I got the foundation brush
I think it is I'm sure is if the one one
five can't wait to try this I'm just on
my Spotify but like how gorgeous is this
girl can they look like that so this
looks pretty random I'm just showing you
inside my fridge but will he with scent
lots of things from little dish um I'll
just get them out actually so you can
see there's lots more things as well but
I just want to show you guys some of the
things that they send for indie which
was so sweet of them thank you so much
and these things it's always so handy to
have ready to go food just in case like
I haven't cooked that day or I don't
have time because that happens all the
time
it's all good ingredients as well which
I'm I'm really picky about so there's
sachets as well and like this isn't an
ad or anything it's just it's really
helpful when you're like a busy parent
so dinner tonight is we're out of food
so I'm kind of like scraping the barrel
but sweet potato with to note sweet corn
bit of broccoli and in the microwave
I've got like a chickpea meal that I
made the other day hey guys it's Friday
and what if I've been to you this
morning I went to the gym again this
morning and now I've just got to
Westfield and I'm meeting Barbara so
excited to see her I'm like 5-10 minutes
late
but I just wanted to do a little bit of
just a little catch up quickly before I
go in we're gonna have a bit of a shop
together and probably eat or something
get coffee
I haven't been to Westfield for ages
like since Christmas shopping
the drive was horrendous I hate the
North Circular if you're around London
oh the North Circular sucks I was going
to grab a few bits as well for like when
I'm traveling the plane I mean yeah okay
go
so I'm with Barbara so love me yeah
breakfast table eat I
so nice edamames come we're gonna have
the bit of lunch and then shop
so within Zara I felt so excited to be
in Zara with Barbara she's like the
queen of she's like the historically her
bag is so cute wherever I got it yeah so
I've decided that I need to bury but oh
I like the other side's Barbara says it
looks nice
I will try the gray one I'm leaving now
that was so nice it's so nice to see
Barbara she's just like the nicest
person ever well I didn't believe but
I'll link my channel down below in case
you haven't seen it she is just like
gold she's just so gorgeous she's got
the best style as well anyway we both
got quite a lot of things but yeah I
kind of want to show you guys maybe I'll
do a hole in this video because I don't
really have time before I go away to do
a proper home like video probably see
you guys when I get home I'm listening
to my favorite manager at the way about
the podcast and so I listen to it while
I'm driving and it's so entertaining
it's so much better than I mean I love
music but it's so much better than this
thing to music because I can just get
into a story and I don't know it just
really makes the journey more enjoyable
even though it's about matters did you
enjoy your my simply the mater and
doesn't make Haddie's courgette muffins
she loves them so we're just making
dinner
husbands making the meat by making a veg
and I'm starving
yes I'm wrapped in a blanket because
that should right now
maybe cuz it's a big it's stronger
yeah dinner is served
so I'm just trying out this new face
mask oh my god Franklin's on our bed
that's get me more than bloody master I
just heard someone snore so yeah trying
to Charlotte's Hillary dry mask never
tried it before I probably have to rub
it so I activate it
how creepy does this look like Jason not
husband Jason character Jason that does
killing hey guys you can't even see me
sorry I'm filming against the light it's
Saturday and we've come for a bit of
lunch
that's an innocent Pitta indeed loves
hummus
a real water
I've got cut and cauliflower and this
looks amazing
here we have sweet potato salad child is
crazy she's doing her sheep noise but
it's very exaggerated today hey guys so
before I forget I really wanted to show
you what I picked up yesterday when I
was with Barbara and and something just
arrived just now because I ordered this
for my trip next week really so I keep
mentioning the trip but it was a huge
thing for me I'm so excited about it so
I've been getting a few bits and then
I'll be it as well so you guys
will see this trip skirt from Topshop I
think I saw it on someone someone on
Instagram and I was like okay I need
that oh my god I've just realized the
other top I got is really similar oh I'm
not gonna wear them together but so I've
got this skirt this like midi skirt from
Topshop and I really like the bottom
really nice material very flowy 36
pounds but this is gonna ask me
throughout the whole of like
spring/summer I was having a little look
at these sort of all the swimwear
because I've got I've kind of got enough
swimwear but it's always nice to update
you know you know like wear something
new and me and Barbara both saw this and
she was like Sam you have to get that
and she just said it's so pretty I was
like yes it is look at this up close oh
my God look at that print it's gorgeous
I like the open back as well so it's
just makes it's like polka dots again
but I am obsessed look at this top oh my
god it's
nice this would look so nice with a pair
of denim shorts or and like a flowy midi
skirt and I can wear that in like in the
city as well that it doesn't have to
just be away on holiday I've got these
earrings for kids I'm sure there's gonna
be times around I need to dress up next
week so I got these sparkly hoops ten
pounds a copy Barbara I think got this
as well because you picked it up and I
was like oh I love that it's just it to
go on my key ring but it says not your
baby lastly from Topshop I got these
gold hoops because I don't have a pair
that thick huh I've only got a really
thin tear but I really like these
thicker ones ten pounds for those show
you something I saw this like this big
oversized oh my god excuse I think I've
got so small and this with like some
black leggings and some trainers
probably the trainers I'll show you I'm
so excited about the again over like
sold beyond these she was like no they
look so good on you
look at these so I've seen you know
these big like kind of platform trainers
I know they've been around for a while I
sort of girl wearing them not ongoing
it's cause like I need those and then I
saw these ones in Zara and they look
like the blimps yoga ones obviously not
exactly the same I really want to wear
these one traveling oh yeah I showed you
guys but I got this little bag wicker
bag oh my god it comes with a strap as
well like I'm just thinking in the
evening the one thing I did actually
want to find as soon as I went into the
IRA was this skirts I saw it online and
it's just right up my alley it's this
leopard print skirt can never have too
much leopard print and it's MIDI and
it's floaty I used to try this on but I
got this um what's it called like a body
but it's like a sexy one and look how
nice it would be for just layering with
as well and then my mom's coming to get
indeed she's having an indie for the
night because I'm actually going out and
never
but there's a birthday tonight a
birthday night I'm really excited about
that
and I don't know how much I look so I
don't think I've look when I go I'll
probably sign off scene in case you're
wondering as well this top I love it I
showed it not long ago but it's from
Topshop I'll link it down below as well
I linked all of those bits down below
I'm going to the gym at the gym hey guys
I'm just getting ready to go out I've
pretty much done my makeup I don't know
whether to go couldn't like even heavier
but I don't think I have time to quickly
like dry my hair get dressed I don't
know what I'm wherever because I'm going
out tonight I just wanted to say bad for
now and yeah hope I don't get too drunk
but I kind of also want to get drunk but
do I get too drunk I'm excited
