hey guys it's Thursday I'm just about to
leave the house I'm gonna head up to
like nothing Hill area and I'm gonna get
my lashes done today even though I'm
using my lash but I'm just I just need
some lashes then I might be purchasing
something really exciting and I think
I'm going to be going up to Selfridges
and so I'm gonna bring you guys with me
let's go gotta catch the train on time I
think this is gonna be in well so I
thought this was going to be in my
outfit of the day but I'll just put this
coat on and I thought I looked quite
serious I don't know it looks a bit like
a work outfit doesn't it I've got my new
Urban Outfitters jumper on I love that
maybe I'll change the code I'm not sure
but this bag is from All Saints I
absolutely love it I've mentioned it
before but it's such a bit everyday bag
Oh
Topshop jeans and my old Topshop boots
but mm maybe I'll change my coat anyway
that's an idea of my outfit today just
come up from my lash appointment and
I've got myself a little hot chocolate
now I'm headed to Oxford Street
run a free trip remember run-run ask you
why can I talk errands and then I'm
going in Selfridges but I think my
battery's dying so
I hope it'll die while I'm out hey guys
it's it's Wednesday morning and I've
been lucky abismo I have not been
vlogging
I just Vince I'm all over the place um
yeah I wanted to look properly today are
we going so as you can see so I got my
hair done yesterday and right so before
I get into the hair I really want to do
it properly for the day and then like
show you it properly and talk about it
but yeah I'm so happy were there and you
guys have been so nice on my Instagram
snapchat everywhere yeah I'll talk about
it a bit more later
just some coffee my first coffee of the
day I just found indeed today we've got
a little family day together which
should be nice whoa we're not doing
anything super special we're just going
to go into town I think we got your
teddies yeah
don't mind me to read that never already
read unit three times this morning we
want to go and get there another one
another few books today she loved where
spot don't you ice to lift that one time
it's so weird having like straight hair
like such straight hair off my the top
of my head because I just feel like I've
got such a big top of my head that I
need a lot of volume so you know it's
like weird when it's so late oh okay oh
my god even I read stuff today is Friday
and I've so I just went to as usual have
a little bit of a catch-up in this vlog
I've just made myself coffee I just feel
like there's loads that I need to like
chats you guys are that so obviously my
hairs different
I booked in with dollhouse salon in
London and and I just like it all that
would work pretty well for me as well
because they're based on it's a
Caledonian Road so it's not that far
from Kings Cross so if you're based more
in like West London you know it's a lot
easier to get to you and some other
places I was looking at their Instagram
and I was just like what is this place I
have to go it just it looks so good so
I've got a lace so I haven't actually
prop like finished styling the frontal
bit but I've got a lace frontal yeah I
need this out a bit still getting the
hang of the whole baby hair thing as
well so you know I'm a newbie so go
gentle on me I'm not you know I'm not
like years into doing frontal legit so
I'll link the salon down below they were
really good I think they're really books
out actually until next year just let
you know in case you wanted to get an
appointment anytime soon I think like
even when I books they were really they
were really booked out I'm not sure how
into detail to go about the hair and
maybe if you guys ask me questions down
below I'll reply to you and they
I used his hair s hair which I felt like
they tend to use I think in their salon
and I my god like it's been colored as
well and the quality it's still so thick
and strong feeling and I've like used a
lot of different hair brands I haven't
had that much time today to properly
style it was no worry this jumper before
in a flock I feel like I send him a
picture of the color that I wanted and
they did such an amazing job they
colored it for me but I did want it a
little bit darker and even though I love
blonde hair like I love being blonde but
yeah I didn't actually mean to be this
blonde and also I've got like 18 inch
hair and it was even longer than this it
was like down here so um it's good that
you get extra length but I actually also
wasn't planning to go this long which is
really funny cuz of us here for probably
thinks I wanted to be this long but I
don't mind but I might actually still
cut it so it's about hair a bit of more
of a 16 length I'm still getting to
grips with it I've only had it in for a
few days yesterday I went up to London
with Jason and we we haven't actually
done something together for quite a
while so it's really nice we I tried I
was gonna vlog the whole day yesterday
but it went so quickly so I just kind of
ended up getting just a few my lips are
so dry now yeah I ended up kind of just
getting a few shots while we were out
and about and oh my god got a hot dog
from five guys for lunch it was so good
i sat in a coffee shop for a bit just do
a bit of work when we don't have India
with us the time goes so fast and we're
just like with daikon and today is Black
Friday so I'm guessing those if you have
been kind of bombarded with codes and I
don't want to kind of make you feel too
stressed out but I have it took me a few
days also I've been working on a Black
Friday post on my blog which I didn't
really enjoyed doing as well because
it's kind of like online shopping for
everyone else super that makes sense
I'll link it down below and maybe I'll
make it the first link so I've gone
through each of my favorite high street
shops all the ones that are doing good
discounts and I've chosen out my
favourite pieces from each shop so
there's like a sauce top shop there's
misguided as well hopefully you can
grab yourselves a few bargains and I
just thought it could be helpful and
also at the end of the post I've put
together a bit of a gift post because
it's also a really good time to pick up
any Christmas presents for people I hope
you guys like it I've been loving this
jumper this jumper is from all sakes I
feel like I've probably shown it before
but it's just so comfortable I love it
um oh my god is it 30% I think also it's
doing 30% off everything so you could
get this jumper for less as well I
didn't actually mean like that wasn't
planned I was actually just talking
about how much I love this jumper and
another thing this necklace is by
Michelle beauty in the blog it's my
first day wearing it properly I really
love it I think it's called the
imperfectly perfect necklace but oh my
god it's gorgeous
I'll link that down below as well if you
want to get your hands on that because
it's really nice to support other
bloggers and youtubers and everything so
I think that's all I have to update you
on for now and I'm gonna go out I need
to go and pick up Indy in a minute hello
Indies play with the Molton Brown advent
calendar we had looks for cupboards but
then we took them off because she wasn't
opening anything and now she's in fully
fully an opening mode indie linen you
have seen am i into stories book she
does is open this freezer now in fridge
so I'm just giving indie some some
insane tight so she's really really
angry if she knows her foots come in so
I'll just give it to
should we do bedtime in a minute don't
you like your lamp
this lump not that long ago by the way
it's from made and I first wanted the
gold one so I'm trying to give you a
good angle it's not good angle yeah
first I wanted the gold one but then we
thought what we could to get the black
one looks better and different lighting
but yeah it's really cool pretty bright
on his face
Indy's asleep and Jason just went to get
us some KFC so I'm so excited
well we used to get take away a lot more
during the week and then we're trying to
be good so this week we haven't had any
during the week so it's Treat time it's
not like this ya know yeah Frank he's
got a snazzy new what was it called -
tag - tag I glued it he's me I served
that there you go it's pretty cool right
we're gonna go and demolish this now
just for just watching Elias grace
and oh my god I haven't heard anyone
talk about it before I haven't heard
anything about it really
I just really wanted something to watch
on Netflix that I could watch on my own
that isn't crap I really wanna watch
that's the Cinnabon wait until Jason can
watch it with me and he's playing a lot
of cool as GZ at the moment at night um
so I'll just watch this alias grace
thing and I knew it was the same author
as to how maids tell so I knew I
probably liked it
oh my god I've just finished watching it
and it's six-part I think on Netflix and
it was so good it's in nineteen nineteen
century Canada but it's about a girl and
it's based on like true events as well
Irish girl who moves over
it goes over to Canada and then she gets
convicted of murder of of the the owners
of where she works basically I'm reach
explaining things basically if you liked
The Handmaid's Tale you'd like it I
reckon also about 10-15 minutes in I was
like what did I feel like this and then
I just got totally into it so quickly
and the main actress as well she's so
good like all the actors in it are
really good also if you like anything
psychological you'd probably like it
psychiatrists in them trying to work out
what's going on because there's that in
there as well it's also really creepy
there was some really creepy bits but I
was I like usually I can't watch scary
things on my own and I just get a bit
scared at some points but it was fine I
just don't like looking at my phones
just distract myself but that's kind of
not as much until the last episodes it's
not really really scary there are just a
few kind of creepier bits like dream
dream sequences and things it was so
good I'm so creeped out though like I
think he'll be fine tonight but I've
actually it's actually made me emotional
like that was really good
definitely recommend it I don't know
what to make of the ending so I'd love
to know what you guys think I'm sure
those of you of like read the book
probably studied it and know loads about
it I'm just jumping in at the end here
because I'm just finishing this edit
I've no makeup on so don't touch me and
it didn't have any nightmares last night
after watching it so that's good I hope
you guys have liked this vlog as always
I feel like the next one will be a bit
more like we'll make a bit more sense
it's just life is so crazy I don't feel
like I'll probably say it all the time
but especially when you got a baby it's
just so difficult to kind of I don't
know keep on track with everything's but
but I do my best
putting up then I'll see you guys in the
next one bye
