morning it is Friday morning and today
is a motel rocks brunch and so I'm
really excited because this I'm gonna be
some other bloggers there as well and I
don't know who but it should be good and
they're always really like the people at
Motel are always really lovely so it
should be good and food and Danny's
coming over my sister and then we're
going to go together so I'm in a little
bit of a rush because we're trying to
like watch out for the dogs and stuff Oh
get ready and like rushing around she
should be here soon then we're gonna be
on our way monument station Amira's
Danny we just trying to find the plane
two minutes away sorry we're a little
bit late
okay very very cold I just got the
dirtiest look willows what I'm wearing
the Quizlet I'm wearing this and
there's a woman gave her that if I think
she looks dashing yeah we found the
follow you let's go for this kind of
fabric to be in suede everyone's going
crazy and we planned
it's Connie I'm always cold like that as
well
my once she got to know it look at this
we always the pole on one as well this
is a activity tracker I only wore it so
literally
few years we've got this old booklet as
well
there's summer collection oh my god I
wanted to do some analysis I love this
and these shorts oh my god we found this
amazing bathroom well we don't really
find it mr. Barker but look
I had the true so the event finished and
we just on our way home it was a really
lovely event wasn't it it was very nice
to see the baby see and it was really
cool because the crowd was crowd basilia
but it was like a kind of health and
fitness you know kind of people and
finally got to meet Carly I'll look
after ya I think everyone's channels
down below but she's so healthy smoothie
easy
showers scrubs and later yeah I'm
actually going to do that cuz I haven't
I've been fake tan for eight years what
I'm getting up oh my god I look crazy
at me to come to the camera good boy
it's update morning and during Camden
this morning we took righty to go and
have his booster injection which he was
good with for the injection point he was
bad with the kennel cough nose thing
he's like scribing all over the place
but I said but he's fine and he got a
free fall we haven't eaten yet today so
we're just about to get breakfast
so chance we've got well they're just a
paper in a that's a paper airplane it's
not sure where to launch it
so in one of our favorite kind of
homeware shops in Camden and I love this
table
gonna get it Frannie place it's so cute
in here it's just next to Kosta if you
guys wondered
it's a back home just said hello to the
dogs no do we ever so had to stop
drinking for doing a we he did a bit of
a we take him into the kitchen anyway
this morning I thought for you guys
telling something hello stop I woke up
like fed the dogs and stuff then I went
to start doing the dishwasher and I was
doing it for about like five minutes and
then I don't even think about it I felt
this like a like a tingle on my finger
like her like a feather or an itch it I
was like and then I looked at my hello I
got another black spider on it and then
I was like around and then Ryan he was
barking like ah and then Frank came like
ah and then Frank me like went and hid
behind yeah and then Jason renico
station was still sleeping he ran out of
the bedroom and was like oh my god
what's going on like it was a spider so
he was the spider wasn't way huh like
went over to Frank oh no it's fine
Franklin God that was so disturbing oh
oh and then so I went back into the
kitchen the spider was on the floor and
then Franklin just came along and just
moved up the spider like before I could
even stop him just the spider don't eat
we got some stuff from Whole Foods you
know and I thought I'd share you what we
got when I go I always stock up on kale
chips because I love them these are my
favorite ones the baobab and onion Kasab
Wasabi's also good that's my breakfast I
think I got this first salads which is
mixed bean sprouts so good for you and
yummy they've got carrot cake mm-hmm
Clif Bar peanut butter of course I got
roasted vegetables which I just love
roast bird you know it's not need to
tell with you at all who do I meet in
hell chips and I just finished filming
oh do I have at my teeth kale chips
always get in your teeth yeah so just
finished film into videos which is great
I'm trying to get I'm always trying to
like keep the heads of the game with my
you know
filming and uploading because sometimes
if you kind of dropped the ball a little
bit you really fall behind and then if
you're not in the mood to film it's you
know you don't force yourself to film
anyway so I just filmed - it's just
really good I don't know why but I said
this before but I always feel like
filming and on Saturdays so yeah that's
cool and then later actually in a little
while now we're going to the cinema to
see the Kingsmen but I'm just gonna do
my close-up bitch you know for the video
when it's like the cutaway bits I've got
to film those yeah I'm just trying to
film as well because we're moving in
under two weeks now yeah I'm just trying
to I don't have to be a gap so I want
there to be videos for you guys well
things might be a little bit crazy but
yes so look I've got this pile of stuff
and this pile of stuff did you close ups
off or maybe I'll just do that and short
just watching talk Becky talk here's
like in kind of a recent discovery of
mine I really like her channel and and
yeah this is where I do my close-up it's
so in case you guys one doesn't really
quite to go to the cinema because we've
got to go last night and then we didn't
because there was nothing really out
that we want to see so hope in the film
will be entertaining
and oh when the film finished I met - no
you actually three subscribers - in the
cinema one on the train so it was really
really nice to meet you guys and so I
was a bit you know when you come at the
cinema you a little bit dazed from the
whole film was a bit like that it was
entertaining I got bored during parts
because some a lot of action scenes
really bore me how to start I just start
staring into space because so many
action scenes are the same in you know
all films so yeah I really liked Cohen
Firth he was really good in it and
Samuel Jackson and Michael Caine some
bits of it annoyed me a lot of cool
scenes and CGI and cool fighting bits I
like the girl as well the villain she's
really cool
it's kind of like an x-men vs. mutant
shall I say I love x-men give it 7 out
of 10 6 7 out of 10 mmm I've ever films
that really make you think I'm really
interesting and stuff but it was a fun
film quite violent no like kind of
that's all sick gory but quite violent
more than I thought it was gonna be it's
been a good day I'm just not good now my
guy says go to bed I haven't go to bed
I'm gonna sit in the bed and read the
hopefully the end of the book before I
go to sleep cuz I'm just all my I'm at
the end and it's getting so good I'm so
excited to finish it then I won't watch
the film maybe tomorrow gonna make Jason
watch it case you guys didn't see me
tweet
you probably didn't just one tweet and
in case you want noticed Franklin's eye
he's got cherry eye which is Bulldogs or
Bulldogs French cheese and cocker
spaniels are kind of more prone to it
and it's the the tear ducts kind of pops
out and sometimes you can push the you
can the vet couldn't put it back in and
he tried but it didn't work so he's
we're gonna have to wait till Franklin
has surgery and he they can't do it when
he's this young so we have to wait until
he's old enough to have surgery to do it
so you've got to give him I drop some
stuff for it and it's stuck so yeah it's
hoping he'll be okay I'm sure he will be
we'll just keep an eye on it so doesn't
get to infect it or anything like that
but he'll be fine it doesn't hurt them
or anything it's just a little bit
annoying cause it's in there their
vision I'm gonna go and I should be
looking again soon and hope you guys
watch this video and I will see you guys
later
