hey guys it is Thursday morning and I'm
just on my way to get my hair done at my
hairdressers and I thought why not film
the day I'm a bit backlogged with my
vlogs which I'm really sorry but again
frankly and for it's really difficult to
kind of get back on schedule sometimes
but I'm gonna grab a Starbucks hop on
the train got my hair by the way this is
the packaging it's actually really nice
they've changed that packaging adult
hair collection so ya need that coffee
so I'm here at Yanis yeah Lucia her yeah
I'm going back so really curly I'm
really excited the beauty hair
extensions you can go yeah Cody -
straight - straight to curly yeah yeah
is it her hair amazing
oh my yeah every would like they're
definitely
hey guys it's Saturday morning we're in
Notting Hill and we're just going to get
Franklin a little colour so because he's
just had a second injection and maybe
curtisha so in about a week's time he
can go outside but he doesn't call of so
yeah we just thought there's not that
many there's not as many dog shops as
you think and I'm doing so we know that
there's one here and we just went and
got coffees I don't like my neck whoa so
we just took some photos I just hate for
lots of look and I just want to check
out this movie called a keen organic
shop yeah it's called Daylesford it's
kind of like Whole Foods but probably
more expensive honey oh my god you can't
mom
back home now and just don't wanna do I
think I might do a little bit of editing
and who just tend to the dogs fed them
done everything and y'all don't know
what else we're gonna do today actually
please take Riley out for a W word and
he'd be good have I shown you guys nuts
this mirror
like look he loves that he's always
sitting next to I think he likes it
because it's warm because these bulbs
are quite warm and he just does anyone
elses Frenchie just sunbathe and like
warm things it's really funny oh hello
little one so I've got a yoga mat from
sweaty Betty and I'm so glad because
I've been doing yoga as I shared with
you guys last time but I've got this
really thick mat that always moves
whenever I'm doing differently
whatever I'm changing from a position to
another position the mat always slips
and slides and it's so annoying and it's
just not a great one so I thought this
one in this color because I thought this
colors lovely isn't it pretty
mmm he wanted to go good now to try it
out and I got some Pilates socks because
my feet always get really cold I'm doing
all that jazz your bed done is on the
wrong way around it one oh there you go
I also wanted to say oh another okay
another thing I want to say I love the
guardians of the galaxy mix no
soundtrack I always go to my PA books
and I've got I get letters from you guys
Hornets say thank you so much I'm gonna
sit down and go through them all and
read what you've had to say it's always
so sweet thank you and look oh my god
someone sent me these little gifts these
this is from kind of Christmastime and
this is German white chocolate yes what
you want to watch me you want me to
watch you doing
this is the chocolate oh my god I
haven't tried this I'm very excited I'm
gonna eat it now
it's our goofy
Oh
hey guys this has been such a kind of
strange but it's been a little bit all
over the place so yeah I hope you guys
liked it
got my hair done and I'll put the
details to my hairdressers down below
they're so so lovely I always say I love
Nana he's so friendly and kind of if you
look sometimes try to go into a
hairdresser or anything because you're
just a shy kind of person
Julie picture at ease and she's really
easy to talk to and very talented and
today we I couldn't actually film it
because we had a very important day for
us we did a photo issue for something
that you guys will see quite soon and I
think in the next few months I'm not
sure when exactly but I won't be too
annoying and moving like keeping
something from you guys but something
big could be happening okay that was
today from like 8:00 in the morning till
gone as an own 3ish and then we got some
food because from starving we haven't
eaten anything all day and and anything
that you thought was the photographer
for today and she's amazing
I'll link her website down below if you
guys go check out her work so I'm just
having a bath
I love having baths on Sundays because
it's just really like chill time and
I'll show you guys what I use I put this
aromatherapy associates a deep relaxed
bath oil in and also this famous and
harding bath phone it's really good
really cheap isn't this a nice
background I want to film here try to a
skincare video here or something or a
bath product video my video today about
them eating in like food and advice and
things and I just like if in case you
guys haven't seen me trying to justify
myself I was talking about refined
sugars bad sugars and saying that you
know try and cut down on badger cuz
obviously I know that good sugars our
body runs on it's made up of sugar
really it's worth feeds off of so I
wasn't trying to say
don't eat any sugar I was just going to
say cut down unrefined sugar so
yeah you guys understand that I think
when you do kind of nutritional videos
or anything that isn't do it beauty and
stuff you kind of get all these people
something you like no you're wrong about
this isn't doesn't know that whoa who's
just trying to help and I'm not claiming
to being like an expert but this is what
I found and I've had a really bad time
of sugar personally refined sugar no
sugar I'm gonna take a bath perhaps do
some yoga but a very full burger and I
don't think yoga and burgers go very
well and yeah thank you guys for
watching this vlog I hope you liked it
I'm giving 20 more vlogs I'm really
gonna try and keep it more consistent
and I'll see you guys in the next one
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you guys soon oh and I forgot to say
Mila car oh my god of the dead hippie
burger best if you give my number one
burger now it was so good if you ever
been go so good
so yeah meat liquor hash a or hash
little shy bounce it and dirty burger my
favorite burger so far in London anyway
I'm not know
