hey guys morning and it's been ages what
feels like ages since I've looked first
little no um I've been I've changed up
my whole skin care routine I've learnt
so much more about skin and everything
and I'm so glad my skin feels so much
better recently but I think because of
all the really good cleansing I've been
doing I'm breaking out a bit like kind
of in the middle of my face so I'm not
gonna apologize for it but I'm just
saying like that's why I'm kind of
broken out I don't have any makeup on at
the moment but um I've been waking up at
about seven a.m. every morning because
of Franklin and Franklin gets up quite
early and things have been mental since
we've got Franklin like I've hardly bit
Warner I've been sleeping but not you
know it's really disrupted all the time
because he needs to get up to go to the
toilets with crate training him so
that's why we haven't had a chance to
blog and because everything's just been
nuts I'm just doing some blog blogging
work I've got this blog place to do on
these foundations which affirmed
superdrug so Riley's over here watching
nearly pebbles of watching Lily O'Reilly
chillin miles very noble have you been
like in Franklin they were snuggling up
last night together in bed it was the
cutest thing Franklin came like Riley
was laying down and then Franklin came
in his little nook and cranny here and
just rested his head yeah Franklin's
over here don't worry about this war
I've been keeping an eye on him he
doesn't seem to be bothered about it and
I'm always moving around the house and
watching him hi little one hi so the
boys play really nicely now at first it
was a little bit rough but now Riley
like doesn't mind sharing his toys with
them Franklin stuff it's so cute oh this
cute a little i just took to Polaroids
using my this camera is it good so
Jason's popped out he has kind of some
errands to run and which hopefully will
food coffee and bring it out by day I
don't know yes so I'm doing just a bit
of work really it's really weird I tend
to work quite a lot on saturday so don't
know how I like I work in the week as
well but on Saturdays I'd get weirdly am
motivated so I'm still doing my makeup
what's happening more is Franklin not
big enough to get on the other sofa and
whiny saying come and play Aileen all
right oh my mum's coming today and my
sister coming see Franklin for the first
time so i thought i could film a little
bit of that and it should be a nice
little day aren't these flowers gorgeous
I just love them I think that oriental
lilies so pretty also I'm so happy
because I've got my first ever dipped
teak handle ah isn't it so lovely it's
so nice it's not really excited to burn
that let me know what your favorite take
handle is because I've always been
interested in them but i thought they're
quite expensive so let me know if you
think they're worth it and what your
favorite is
I also want to say that I've been doing
yoga with Adriene recently I've been
doing her 30 day yoga you know it's just
look is it daily yoga like program that
she's got up on our YouTube channel it's
free and it's so good i'm going to link
it down below because i feel a lot
better i feel so much better on my body
and I feel a lot more toned without even
like going to the gym and doing hard
called toning workouts honestly just
yahoo girl if you guys to check her out
she's so good and really kind of easy to
follow down to earth she doesn't make
yoga something scary that only a few
people can do you know because i was
completely new to it so yeah hey guys
I'm so sorry I've been the worst vlogger
look yesterday my sister and mom came
around to meet Franklin and I totally
forgot to get the camera like I usually
never forget to vlog the whole day and I
just totally forgot and then we didn't
do much else else for the rest of the
day so I thought there's no point just
flogging like us chillin on the couch
and stuff so today is Sunday and
apologies apologies because it is the
afternoon or evening actually but it
should be an exciting night because I'm
going to the Golden Globes kind of party
and it's going to be in the w hotel in
Piccadilly Circus Leicester Square and
I'm really excited Victoria's also going
from in the fro so that's really cool
have someone else to count that I'll
know there and she's lovely and I just
thought why not look it because it will
be nice to look back at and it should be
interesting to watch little Franklin or
I have just had their dinner I just
walked Riley and I've got thai for
dinner I've got massaman curry with lamb
but you're gonna have of quinoa I said
of rice because I just love you more
here's a little Franklin update hello
hey bouncy doggy here is Valley High
Royals you sleepy I know oh my god isn't
this bag lovely i got this from zara the
other day wait Oh
oh I love the color of it I have it it
wasn't me about 25 pounds in a blog post
that I put up today so I'm gonna jump in
the shower and then I'm gonna eat okay
bye so boys what is happening on your
feet they say people are saying it's a
good color for Lena Dunham and they like
the back of the dress on that the hair
is really straighten the hair is very
straight I always liked how she gets her
tattoos up she's like yet to recover
your money gone and yeah but hey
Conchita just showing what young like
yeah we now know
that's real gentleman x ray Charlotte
children down on the ground of thank you
so we've been watching all the red
carpet looks and doing our opinion until
seven victories got into the car earlier
I realize that we have the same player
like it's not exactly the same but it's
very very similar you did check out
these chandeliers how amazing I want to
stay here can i get your outfit as well
I love victoria's dress so nice okay we
just got we're trying to get out of the
building we just went on to the wrong
floor this is who know if I Allison
wonder the laser town something was
wrong
oh I smell fish and chips I thought
thank you wow I want fish and chips so
in the taxi than if it's okay strange
lighting oh thank you we're talking
about i love jessica chastain yeah we
love ya only because while we were there
we were saying that we loved her look
and like not everyone agreed I didn't
understand most her amazing she's so
good yeah and I just we love like the
roles that she does and she's so
talented as she's a gorgeous i love her
hair yeah and everything else know if
you like her buku enjoy sweetie like son
as well oh yeah yeah so else if you like
Jessica Chastain yeah and what your
favorite film is that she's been in I
love I think my favorite is the help
because yeah I think we also like
lawless as well Oh brilliant that was
such a creepy yeah like yeah i'm not
even drunk or vibration yeah yeah so now
Jason's asleep the puppy is trying to
sleep so are gonna sign off thank you
guys for watching so I couldn't fish so
much it was a really crazy boy and I see
you guys soon with a better blog sorry
about this one
