penalise welcome back to vlog not log
with but just the blog channel so this
morning this days such exciting day
because we're going to go and get
another liberal family this is a fully
gonna get and we have to just go and get
a few essentials of it we're at a pet
shop so we've got a few things for him
to be gnawing on because we've got
everything else but we've got a few
extra toys so we've got another Kong and
monkey things and an isle of bone okay
we're almost there we're gonna be
picking up little dresses name it from
Franklin lazy frankendude so either if
you guys would remember but Franklin was
one of the names or identified said it
Franklin was one of the names that was
one of the names that we were thinking
of calling Reilly but we didn't in the
end cuz it didn't suit him so we finally
got getting a Franklin so we have on an
edition
right yeah I won't film for long because
he's he's a new quest get in the car and
just take them away
Franky's still skincare I once made he
wants is that okay say nothing it takes
a finger from that extremely your honor
so good that he already knows that's
this place mm-hmm
Oh
welcome to your home Franklin
so so that's my
six funny it's like oh hey guys so I'm
Frank in Franklin's been home for about
uh I don't know about an hour and a half
like that he settled into his crate
really quickly like we just put him in
there straight away and then he he'd
come back out and then he just went oh
no he went back in there on his own just
you know he know he already knows that
it's his little safe place so that's
really good he is the cutest blasting I
don't want to say Riley is also cutest
thing but he is also the cutest thing I
thought I'd just say a few I can't talk
it's that time of the month if I'm in
pain I tell you guys a few T's we wants
to go out and play and wide open it in a
second and he's got like oh we know
little one I know boo
he's just been sleeping for about an
hour or 45 minutes so that's good got
bit of energy back so obviously his boy
he's just turned eight weeks old about
two days ago
he's brindle and white and his dad was a
champion dog that goes to Crofts as well
and so we saw the mum there Oh Jason's
that go I've got say Jason just popped
out
but um yeah their temperament is just
lovely really calm playful really loving
hey guys Bardock suffer tonight oh thank
you you've got about tonight oh yes
Jason's been out to get the good cuz
it's New Years Eve today but instead of
going out we just think be with the
puppy it's a lot better Franklin
he doesn't like this like a the step
yeah I'm don't worry we're keeping this
war away from him I just took it out
when he was in his grave everyone loved
you already on social media you guys
really calm when you take me I kiss your
baby job jobs for anyone run wondering
the reason why my hands in here is so he
doesn't ever get possessive over his
food someone else goes to take the food
he'll know he'll use to something else
being there and also it's because he
knows that this is I'm allowing him to
eat this so it's like this is literally
the hand that feeds you
Oh Frank
okay Riley is here so we're just
separating them before Riley comes in so
Riley sniffing the cage you know is
something happening I don't I do it by
the crane yeah who's this down good boy
Riley nicely good boy
Frankie's not father's already bro
lettuce is Teddy Riley sit he wants to
play and Riley's money where's my food
mitt good boy don't need to transfer on
it
yeah but then again he's used to big dog
so the puppy seemed to begin on quite
well don't he Franklin there goes
without day we were just a little bit
kind of nervous about how it'll go
because Riley is fine in though in
general but because it's obviously his
territory the thing I find is just how
Riley
plays is he'll who he'll pretend to bite
and it goes for gets in people's faces
and I don't want in to scare frankly
yeah Jenna mom but then Franklin's
running around after my games I
something's wrong
Oh freak out you have a friend hey guys
so it's quite late now well it's New
Years try to stay up past midnight which
is not usually done it with our schedule
it's usually four sequin early but uhm
yeah so it's been quite successful it's
been successful overall and we're so
happy to have Franklin as a part of a
family and he's bloody gorgeous just
trying to get him used to where to go to
toilet and stuff so at the moment I'm
just hanging around while he possibly
does that so in case you guys didn't
know like Riley's at scrum was you know
captain Riley until we've changed it to
Riley and Franklin so I'll like link it
down below just in case you wanted to
follow them both will film him a lot
more but I just thought that we'd film
the first day and it would be really
nice to be able to look back at and
because he's gonna grow really quickly
as well Bulldogs that they just grow
like that thank you guys for watching
and Happy New Year oh um and thank you
guys for watching us throughout the year
and thank you for all your loveliness
and just following Our Lives everything
ah second ah - Riley
