we pirates 108 got it
you see this blue line
at the mat counter of course and I love
this song okay yeah we're just gonna
board soon exciting we've got coffee of
course open press we're in the North
Terminal turneth you guys London the
South Terminal and outlook is my
favourite terminal all terminals in
London though
Geneva Airport and we're on yeah if you
can see there's a gorgeous horizon
mountain mountain horizon that's where
we're headed so 60 minutes on sale the
best men that man's ankles this is out
where Kemeny
so a closer look at the few of them
looks very much like it you maybe you
help me excited to disturb you while you
the ia NES on chumps on chef-y a
partisan partner say this is the place
where we're actually stay and this is
absolutely amazing so we're just gonna
go and we're walking to go and get some
figs we're all starving with your phone
so we're seeing if this place is serving
food yet hot dog yes stop I hope they do
mold y ou go berserk so these are the
Siders
get mouth this is definitely me
especially at Christmas so we're just in
the little nearby shop as you can see Oh
coffee coffee and we've got a coffee
machine
you bring your coffee so I just found
this sucker
check it out wait yeah that's hilarious
yes so you just come back from having a
bit of a drink and I'm absolutely just
I'm gonna end today here I hope you guys
have liked I'm really excited to do more
skiing and like exploring and everything
catch you guys tomorrow
