morning welcome state 20 making the
panna shot glass from I got last night
okay so you have your dough and you've
got these chocolate sticks so you put
them on either side and then you roll it
in or words like these then place it
back way down I'm gonna experiment and
actually put Nutella in it as well ah
let's see what happens okay I'm just
gonna yes tester one oh but now it's
like I should do it an all around
because no tell it the best
when I put it into another one and I go
yes and we put them in the oven for
about 12 minutes okay
taste test
oh they're in the OT Center
so then if you don't know two or three
is gosh with the disc in my neck when I
was playing rugby and pretty much since
then I have been asked to do any
activity or ever so I have got fat and I
don't personally like it so I'm very
upset about it and I had a brush and
scented all sorts of annoying stuff go
down so I'll go a little belly and I'm
she doesn't think I do by doing like
we've got a part for the family because
we've gotta edit like to videos and
wrapping presents to give to my family
later let me go to drop ride the Royals
and Riley's like bid sometimes watching
you at one point he was like that's
Tasha man hey okay I got to get wrapping
okay this is my lunch I've got some
roasted chicken mozzarella avocado
Brookley round a bit mustard yeah
they've just got done wrapping all the
presents and particular that it's
finally done because their load let me
show you guys a little fireplace at the
moment and it's quite nice actually
those flowers there so these are all the
presents and these are gonna go after
the family soon now I need to edit edit
video and also pack my bag oh let me
show you guys something
look what I got for skiing look oh my
god I wonder if Riley will react
okay so you guys wondered what I'm
wearing today apart from this this top
which I got from Urban Outfitters ages
ago and just my Topshop new jeans and
then odd socks as usual and yeah it's a
pack oh hey it's so make it got so much
volume II the head is inherent in two
parts that's hunson I found in
Sainsbury's
it will be so good to take away little
reindeer slippers right there you want
to go for a walk
say that so number 20 I think it's
anything remember
all's fair in love and chocklit okay Oh
ruffle hey guys how y'all doing as you
can put the towel about walking Riley
have a little bit of the walk-in and
talkin heart-to-heart and I do apologize
for the obviously bad lighting and
everything but whistling but like for a
dog shut up distracting my dog yeah I
know I haven't filmed a lot stare do it
apologize because I always try and make
each day as entertaining as I can and
everything and you know it's a bit of a
balance because at the same time it's
life you know it's daily life so not
every day is going to be really
interesting but as it's plugged with I
just usually want to keep you guys
entertained well you really can't see me
can you but yeah like as I keep saying
we're going away tomorrow morning - if
any of you don't know and like haven't
heard me talk about it before tomorrow
we're going skiing so we're going in
France it I think right there like
Geneva
and I've never been skiing before and
we're flying into Switzerland actually
and then driving in France so that is so
amazing as you guys probably know I must
respond so I'm really excited to go and
I think skiing for the vlogs will be so
amazing because you know it's new for me
and it should be really interesting and
like stunning scenery and everything so
I'm really excited to go and to vlog it
and I hope you guys will like it now the
thing that I wanted to like have a bit
of a talk about and not even a
heart-to-heart it's not that deep but
it's the my uploading when I'm out there
so obviously I'm gonna try to upload
everyday like normal Quan okay now Bret
but you know I've absolute thing I've
never been there before I don't know
what the insects gonna be like oh I
thought the Internet's gonna be like I
don't know if it's going to allow me to
upload very well and if it doesn't where
we're staying I'm going to try and find
like a cafe or something I don't know
like somewhere that I can upload so I'm
gonna try my hardest to upload like
normal and I'll keep you guys posted on
Twitter actually with the internet
connection if I will be able to or not
so yeah just please bear with me if I
don't get a video up for a day or two or
a few days I am filming out there I'll
be filming everyday I hope you guys
understand if I have to deal with some
crappy crappy internet think of course
it's gonna be fine though so the other
thing that I kind of wanted to have a
little bit more of a heart-to-heart
about is just it's been so crazy you
know getting ready to go away and
everything and at the same time I really
want to make whoa
Riley come I always want to make sure
I've got content up to you guys
oh my fill channel my main channel my
blog blogging is a lot easier because it
doesn't take much upload you know
capacity or speed at all because it's
just photos but main channel videos take
so much you know they need a lot of
internet speed and I've been really
stressing myself out because I don't
think I'm gonna be able to get all my
videos edited and up before I leave so
I've been trying to edit as much as I
can and you know plan and edit and
everything and that but also Park and
just just be ready to go and over the
last few months especially I've really
been thinking if anything is kind of
taken away from your personal happiness
causing you stress or unhappiness or
just to make you feel down or anything
it's not worth it in life and I
absolutely love what I do then get me
wrong but if it is something that's
really you know causing a lot of stress
and it and also when I'm really stressed
like I really I'm not a pretty person to
be I don't get really bad but I'm more
like a bit more short-tempered and stuff
and it's Christmastime and you know like
I just want to enjoy it as well a nice
to sure that I don't want to look back
at this Christmas and be like ah I was a
dick I was trying to get all these
videos up and I just wasn't enjoying
Christmas and you have to enjoy life and
enjoy your day your minute your hour
just everything so that's a little bit
of hot to heart I'm gonna edit
everything as soon as I can
and get it up as soon as I can for you
guys Ryan what's go into this creepy
Church Riley no you're not going into
the creepy Church
so Riley I'm so stuffed because we're
gonna be so Ronnie's being looked after
by my mom while we're away a me and
Jason are dreading leaving him because
he's our baby we've ordered some
takeaway for tonight it should be coming
soon Jason got Lebanese and I went for
Thai because mmm Thai food so I'm gonna
finish this walk no we don't want to go
into the creepy Church and eat here's my
strange dinner I've got masam and
Corrigan and I thought I got the chicken
one and it turns out that I pressed
proof so some prawn and then I added
some chicken for my lunch and then I've
got these I never know how to say it's
like geyser know that's geyser and some
dip and then Jason's got all just feast
wrapping paper middle bits well you can
bet asset for 12
say hello to the viewers he stopped in
like a good little boy
run away to my parents house to drop off
the doll so I thought let me just wrap
up today's flip list now because it's
quite late already and whether time
we're kind of on our way back from
dropping rolls we're going to be stuck
out of it and probably do plates and
finish it properly so thank you guys so
much for watching and it should be a lot
more interesting from here on but just
please bare with us in case there's a
little bit of a gap between uploads and
I spoke about that earlier that's a road
you guys really Tolkien is really a lot
even stop filming because you just want
to keep walking inside anyway so this is
house I don't usually film in this room
but this is how I just setup
