welcome today 4d you guys are in luck I
found it on Etsy the leaky cauldron
today hey guys so we've got ready and
everything and it's a bow or god it's
like ten to one we're headed to the
Frenchy London Frenchy meetup in when
does it Regents parking as I said
yesterday place you down here all the
dogs are like in fancy dresses it's just
a little browsers in his Santa suit oh
yeah I'm excited and we've just stopped
off to get a coffee and a little bit of
food because we haven't had anything I'm
not even that hungry this xx leg because
I think there's a ball that pastor last
night and it's just still filled me up
I'm usually really hungry in the morning
anyways and so that should be good I
don't know what we're doing later on but
something nice probably and it'd be nice
to just have a little walk in fresh air
and stuff don't you think that also
here's no clue what was about to happen
coffee and panini as you guys can see
but look there is a massive crowd of
Frenchie owners walking towards us oh my
god this is the best thing ever
that's Reilly there Wow
we should have worn on Christmas hearts
he's ready for anything
hey we might actually lose them because
a lot of them have the same Riley's good
don't city nuts little puppy one we're
all gonna gather for a front she walked
right across I'll link the website down
for those two like all the information
everything about this looks if you guys
didn't know about them and I think they
do them for a lot of different breeds as
well like I've got to the board of one
ERA this it's really cute like the
coilette put together is really nice as
well
photo time while he was trying to steal
his bold wine and a castle and the
Bulldog perazol do you know some of the
sleepy Frenchie after the meeting why
you'll tuck it out he's all soft from
the wash though we're just chatting I'm
so knackered I got really into a hole
working out face working out I'm
cleaning up face not working I mean yes
we're working out that's what I do
Ryan needs a new little harness because
here's one's a bit tight for him I've
just been uploading photos as well to
our instagrams of today Beneatha someone
asks when is Jason's happy place coming
back miss it
we were partly planning to film again
for its scene actually so how long -
maybe in the next week yeah hopefully so
it is still going it's just been a bit
of a crazy time because Jason's in
hospital and everything and then we get
back into a routine oh this is a good
question from sorry that was from miss
rate she Bella and she also asks what's
your favorite thing to cook together and
then set
currently so together an English brick
you do most of that though an English
breakfast and then I do some of the
things and Jason does some other things
we don't really cook together we like to
do it yeah we usually cook something for
each other so separately what's my
favorite thing to cook I really enjoy
cooking pasta dishes like I did
yesterday because it's just so tasty
like I really want to make I always want
to make it a tastier psyche like it
really into it
apart from that salads I like making
salads actually what's your favorite
thing to cook I really like to do the
hot dog yeah Giovanna Hernandez asks
what was one of Jason's and yours
favorite memory of your last Christmas
or your first Christmas together last
year I like ice skating and decorating
the tree as I said the tree there's lots
of memories same grass will you guys
ever come to visit America and where
would you like to go first yeah I play
la because there's a lot of people in LA
and you know other youtubers and stuff
and that could be really cool to meet
some other people we won't go to Miami
as well that'd be awesome
but obviously New York I love New York
that'll be amazing June it's Christmas
or something road trip yes
oh my that's always been a life not life
line not a life like life long dream is
to write up around America so that'd be
amazing
hit us up if you know anyone who does
that
so I'm just gonna do a little bit of
yoga because I just feel like I need a
bit of a real I don't know I feel like
I'm saying there's a lot recently but
the more I get into Pilates and yoga
everything the more I want to do it is
really kind of addictive in a really
good way so I'm just gonna do a yoga for
stress relief that's rushing yoga with
Adriene
Adrian Adrian but I've just got into her
videos recently and I think I found her
through Viviana does make up because I
saw her doing one of them and I was like
I want to try that out so yeah I'm just
gonna do that and then we'll probably
have dinner soon it's a it's almost sick
recently I've been doing I've been like
looking into mindfulness a lot as well
so mindfulness and yoga and Pilates I
feel like they all kind of you know
they're all in the same kind of thing
they're all relaxing and mindful that
was a nice bit of yoga we I'm very
excite are you very excite I think
you're very tired never getting the fire
going we hardly ever like this because
it's not always obviously cold enough to
do it but it's pretty cold now this is
the Indian I've got chicken korma I
stole a little bit of Jason's tikka
masala and some mushroom rice I don't
like mushrooms but I just picked them
out really and then mixed veg this is
how I stored the brickies by the way I
forgot these containers and okay we're
good at you know right say good night
guys
yes it today night night for me and my
baby like today let's get pumped
to get extra fresh ingredients to add to
them
