welcome today I just downloaded uber now
I feel cool I'm gonna make the breakfast
from so hungry my belly is grumbling at
me okay I don't know what to make today
I think I feel like eggs maybe let's do
some yes there needs energy
this is breakfast I've got a strange
omelette / it's cold egg avocado Tomas
al asparagus and Hawaiian Christmas
music coffee so I've chosen out some
outfits for the shoot
I might need to put together a few more
details but it's gonna be mostly mostly
white and black which I have no problem
with that's all I wear so I've got a few
dresses and some tops and that jacket
from the sky that I love and this skirt
from hmm
so yeah money for the shoot I just did
my makeup and hair the hair still used
to be kind of separated out a little but
I just don't the curls to lose to drop
in the hour about the hour that I think
it might take to get there so my makeups
just very neutral and how about you
always do it because that's how I feel
comfortable and I've got lashes on there
that I law I think they're the 116 and I
really like them and I'm bringing in
lighter clothes and eye makeup with me
number 10 a chocolate in the mouth is
worth two in the books what does that
mean it's a yellow top oh uh salted
caramel did I cut me free like this
I've arrived it's in the snare pad Patsy
it's near Battersea Park and he's just
cute little shitty ice so there's a
shoot and I'm at the moment so I think I
just wait a few minutes because I've
barely this is so close so a little hot
things
so here we have the make up section to
see my makeup better oh my god I want
these lights at home well hopefully if
that makeup mirror works that we offer
but yeah I just done I thought if you
guys can see but I've just used Mac
brulee all over the eye then I use
patina to just add a little bit of depth
not that you guys can see it in this
light but that's about it
and then simple and so I bought some
bits with me mmm oh I need to put
highlighter on I've got way Sarah and
I've got all my clients and hey yeah a
lot of black so yeah I hope you guys are
see these pictures soon I'm really
excited this kite is from misguided
again I'm swearing this dress from ASOS
I think and just beats
he's so noble look at it stuns this is
photographer I'm gonna give you a go to
that no definitely yo what's up J sure
takin a while
Sammy's blog
I'm still shooting and we're just having
a little bit of a break because we need
to steam one of the items but yeah it's
going really well it's really fun with
the music another thing and I'm like
doing a few different outfit changes and
stuff and it's really cool because it's
all in my own style as well and what I
feel comfortable in yeah if you're
wondering on my lips is celestial by
so I'm just playing with some his camera
she's back there she's steaming
what about t-shirts cause she's buying
it for the shoot Sammy choose guy really
well I'm happy to shoot her again
second gonna get number three in
the New Year's probably summer
yeah that'd be dope and check out her
blog obviously this is it right now
check out my work change trip totally
calm
Instagram day she will follow and yeah
he's in love it's happiness of all these
cameras with the cool by the way it's
like a selfie camera by Sony okay it is
so cool the screen flips up Wow Oh
Sammy's ready because Sammy posing her
she's crazy
son bites
okay this is the traffic I with it as
for that I'm I've got out of the cab
and I'm taking the train no no I like
Victoria Station
out of all the stations it's pretty nice
thank you
ah I'm home finally that was such a look
Jenny I'm bloody out I should have
stayed in a taxi but I knew I been
sitting in that taxi for about two hours
and just in traffic coz London traffic
is the worst rush hour but yeah that was
such a good photo shoot thank you so
much to Jay Jay Stewart and yeah I'll
link a link Hall is bit suburbs down
below yeah he's just a fantastic
photographer and I've admired his work
for ages and we so we shot together once
before and this has been the second
shoot and it was really good so and
someone asked us what I swear how do not
someone else as well what the photos are
for and they're just to get together and
create photos kind of have fun and I
don't know be able to share them with
everyone so yeah that's it really just I
don't know I love doing creative stuff
and I'm sure he does yeah that was
really good so I just got back it's
about half 5:00 and I'm really craving a
workout I don't know why because I need
to eat I need to have dinner but for
some reason I just got out it's that
coffee I've got energy I need to work
out I need to keep Ricky but I feel like
halfway through a class I'm gonna die
and lose the energy there's well I am
really excited right now
there's a class called FTC and I don't
know what it is right explanation of the
classes master maintenance with which
incorporate multiple muscle groups
improve strength and power of functional
training I don't know what that is but
that's in half an hour and I kind of
want to go to it just because it sounds
different I don't know I was Eddie Huff
now I want to go it's only half an hour
whoa why did you come down I'm gonna
call uh see if I got any space and I
might fit in a little workout I also
need to catch up those sons of anarchy
because last night Jason watched an
episode and I missed it and it seemed
like it was a good one okay I need to go
climb babbling okay
little Jim OOTD desktop is obviously
from night same like legging and she's
an IKE I'm just walking like
advertisement
I'm hoping this coffee lasts for at
least half an hour but yeah I'm excited
yeah you working yeah yeah
sometimes coffee can be misleading I got
there and then I was like oh the only
bloody person for the class so the one
of the workers I was like hmm yeah you
might want to do it justice gym workout
Oh
and then I just really quickly run out
of it I had energy for like 10 minutes
and then I kind of really ran out of
energy which is my own fault cause I
obviously should have eaten before and I
just had this like crazy burst an urge
to work out which is stupid because you
should obviously fuel your body so you
have her energy anyway so I was there
for about 14 minutes or so and it was
nice anyway to stretch and stuff but
anyways before I bore you guys I'm gonna
make some dinner and don't always listen
to the coffee when it tells you you've
got the energies don't work out also
even if you wondered today my nail
varnish is barium like gee he thinks
he's seen like a dove light thing it's
the camera this camera reflecting light
he sees something anyway and I just had
like some the last bit of this G that I
made the other night and I'm really
tired so I just thought I don't look
here and I hope you don't like today it
was it was a really fun day and it's
gone so quickly I don't know how that
went so quick but yeah I'm just gonna
get to editing like always tomorrow I've
got a meeting in the morning and then I
should be seeing Jenny my friends so
yeah that should be good and I think if
all goes the time we should be going to
winter wonderland so that should be
really good for this it's bye from
little rather than me
Jason's not here at the moment
he would be saying by doofy was also I'm
loving all you all you guys are
screenshots on the little giveaway that
I did yesterday it's so nice to see your
favorite moments and stuff but yeah so I
think I'll definitely announce winner of
that suit I'll see you tomorrow looks
like you like guys the Jason is back
whoo
they'll added bonus to the video so came
bearing gift of alcohol you have
anything to say sir we haven't seen you
I went to the hospital again just for a
consultation about my neck yeah I
thought Christmas Eve time so mmm I'm
loving Christmas I love in Christmas
yeah I really like oh did you what you
bought so also say what you got to
you're about to have pigs in plain cases
stuffing no no none sets of Apple
crumbles thank you
so it's dinner so we have what we just
said Oh
mini donuts oh yeah and Sons of Anarchy
home and as well yeah let us know what
you guys think of it sir I just had a
stick treat thingy oh yeah he was trying
to bury it always good to have things
all together oh why don't you grab it
yeah okay okay okay anyway you'll see
bye bye again number two
but still John Lewis yeah you have got
