morning guys welcome to vlogmas day five
number five
advent calendar okay now today there's
no message there's just bird tracks
mm-hmm hey guys support actually my
outfit quickly we're about to leave but
I'm wearing a jumper from All Saints my
coat is from Topshop last year and this
skirt is a little Urban Outfitters I
don't know where these are from and
boots are All Saints baddest Zara it's
slightly her Creed but it's not so today
we're going to be going to send opens
and we're gonna try and do a little bit
of Christmas shopping and we're going
there for a few other reasons as well
one other piece as well but then if you
like go into that now
and we're just on our way but first
coffee
oh my god my son forever break
so Jimmy Smith miss videos I don't have
to look to say um until now but we want
to do like questions and answers
throughout like here and there like
whenever for example for on and on kind
of longest journey like this so we're
gonna call it candy cane questions so I
just tweeted let's see if it works also
so if you want to tweet us the question
or you could do it on instagram tag us
on instagram and hashtag it and we'll
try not steal question in the vlogmas
this says you guys like traveling are
you going to visit to buy anytime soon
what do you dig in to the holiday spirit
put on christmas music and dance and
have I think that advent calendar make
sure you get into the spirit as well
Christmas films how long have you been
together and what annoys you the most
about each other year and a half
No September a year a year for October
November December
September no you don't
yeah because September for month but we
got together at the end of no we did it
was like the 21st there's nothing that
really like that I don't like loads one
small thing is it
he likes to twiddle his beard and so I
keep like so on someone had a go at me
because I giggle drip during talking too
much but yeah he pulls that beer tez and
then it gives me like this shiver and
I'm like oh like because it feel it
looks like it hurt something I have from
me about you nothing that makes me look
horrible it's like no that's me about
sister hummus bad yeah that's annoy me
though it does it it's just funny why I
have problems sleeping at night bad I I
like to unwind and relax and when I get
into bed I just want I want to sleep the
sound likes the bloody night annoying me
I like I jump on the bed and I'm like yo
it's a feel like I feel like it's a
sleepover almost like I still get me
excited that we're sleeping okay that
sounds wrong but like we think that's
ain't bad and I'm like like
I'll be are we turned over then I'll
think and I'll look at her face yeah my
Stephanie class asks if you could be a
mythical creature what would you be
doing again I don't ever answer
questions simply I have to think about
every aspect exactly
obviously I'd love to be a dragon fire
and Phoenix is just turned on us to
normal
everyone I used to walk to splash a lot
and I used to love that you know that
every time she went in water her tail
would just appear so I think that's
pretty cool so he made it all burns
don't take them all actually I was like
long journey but missing it's down we
forgot so we're just trying to find a so
many nice wistful look at this tree no I
don't think so it's way too perfect
yep so we we just got parts that took
about an hour to park if you ever come
here it's difficult so I'm just gonna
look for some prezi's we found this
cookware shop I love any have anything
to do baking and cooking and stuff this
mugs
sure like me why we always need oh look
at this one oh my god look look how nice
is isn't it nice
oh well they've ended up in sales his
ability hungry money and much time today
Louise Ramsey us what kind most GTA's
years and so 24 milky and film I used my
Canon 60 with a 50 millimeter lens just
gives a nice depth of field Nick the
background sorry I mean to import
another question I've got to convert up
the names like Nygren Joseph in our
favorite song at the moment
I know mine it might have to be
Christmas so whatever so in a moment is
everywhere I downloaded fka twigs what
sir I reached 50,000 followers on my
Instagram which is mad
obviously it's mostly 99% from Sam but
still it's pretty cool so got the
avocado bacon and spinach salad which is
so good have you ever tried it
we've got good James got the ribs cold
storage' do watch YouTube this is coming
home so I met some lovely viewers what
are your names
nice to meet you guys spotted Survey's
makeup bags and Superdrug whoo it's the
first time I've seen them in real life
five six comfy there are quite comfy
another see them I see so we just got to
the OT Center and we're going to go and
see the film Paddington which I'm really
excited to see because it should be a
really nice kind of Christmasy film and
just I don't know cute it should be cute
and we're gonna have dinner as well just
before I'm gonna go and have Italian
food oh stop on my daughter Nicole I
think I'm getting a quarter keeps
sniffing sniffing all day
I let the proof
why am i talk to this I just don't -
come in now we're gonna we're going to
cinema like I said and I'm gonna get ice
creams that peanut butter ice cream and
jason griggers and sweets identify well
this time and we're going to stuff our
faces anger is happening because there
is not strawberry
there's the fizzy strawberries this baby
is
they film it
it was very entertaining and cute and
Christmassy plum kind of Christmasy and
I liked it
now I'm in Sainsbury's and I found this
so they're just insane to me it's trying
to get a few bits and bobs that we need
I want to make something with my slow
cooker oh hell yeah
actually someone asked in the questions
what's one of our favorite Christmas
foods there's one of them it's not my
favorite I like nothing
Oh stuffing I want to make a lamb stew
you this is beef
Oh dopey I hope you guys liked the vlog
today we just got back home and it's
quite late so I'm gonna get to editing
this vlog now so thank you guys for
watching and check out the preview album
look mrs. if you haven't seen them yet
and we'll see you tomorrow for tomorrow
million the FB I want the iPhone 6 so
much that the cameras only the cabin
it's pretty much the same as the camera
is right here my
