hey guys welcome to vlogmas number three
so today i broken up a little bit later
than usual and i've had a bit of work to
do just early this morning I've lit a
candle and I also got some packages
through and I just wanted to share them
with you guys and kind of just open them
this is like that I think I got so I got
a phone portable charger because I had
one in it broke I think it was from
Amazon I got another one from Amazon I
don't learn but I just thought I would
open it now this is the baby oh I hope
that's not too it feels heavy I hope
it's not too happy
oh my god it's massive oh my god I
thought it was really small oh oh its
massive
its massive okay how do I show you guys
okay this is my laptop it's that big
better side of my laptop and it's bigger
than my hand oh I also ordered this and
it's completely yeah I got the it's a 10
miracle leave-in product I'd heard about
this I've wanted to try this for ages so
I want to see what it smells like it
smells nice right it's just been
watching me on package things Riley hi
okay this is breakfast I've got two
poached eggs some spinach and watercress
Brandon and incredibly random cracker
with brie I just love Brie and teeth we
found Jason on the back of this book
this is coffee guys look at all the
people
oh and then look it even got his hair
okay cuz it's got like a little wave
there's me there's actually that's
actually me strikes
my hair's not that short anymore but I'm
sorry I feel like today's been so boring
so far I've just been I've been like
working
for a few hours now I've just been doing
a lot of emails and then I finished off
editing yesterday's book mess and I'm
just like filling in all the details and
stuff on the vlogmas video I've been
sorting out the thumbnails and I think
further videos and I'm trying okay Oh
what did you guys think of the intro
will probably change it up because Jason
has a some more ideas for like a really
good intro because this is obviously
just really simple but I love everyone's
different look of sintra so I just
wanted to have something Christmassy and
cute and stuff Jason's up in London and
I think I'm gonna meet him up there
because okay this will be exciting we're
going to form a Mason ah a formal Mason
if you haven't been and you love
everything like very British and if you
like Liberty in London and it's just
everything very gorgeous and design love
me and it's basically like Liberty slash
Selfridges but even more with even more
character it's just off like Piccadilly
Circus anyway we're gonna go and we're
gonna get some Alderman's for the tree
and I want to get some decorations for
the house and stuff not much else's town
for the rest of the day but yeah I think
I'm still knackered from yesterday
because we were coming around so much
everything and yeah I just feel a bit
tired I think it's the weather this
Webber you can't really tell but it's so
dark and kind of dismal and stuff and
it's just well also I put it my nails I
wanted to show you guys what I use so I
just this got sent to me today and I
opened it up and I was like that is the
perfect color because I've been wanting
to paint my nails a nude color so it's
nails inc Jennifer in Port Chester
Square I don't know if you'll be able to
tell in this lighting it's a bit crap
but it's a really really nice nude hope
you won't really be able to tell but
yeah I like there and then when we were
there they really really kindly gave us
a gift card of quite a lot so that I
could put towards these boots that I
fell because Riley has chewed up my
usual go-to black bear
you know I want to wear everyday and I
fell in love with these ones oh that's
my nail varnish and a nicer light
they're so nice
I just sorry but I get so excited about
boots and leather
these are they were 178 pounds like you
know full price oh I think I'm gonna
wear them today Sonic I'm gonna wear
them today these were the ones on
display that's quite if you look a bit
crazy but I don't mind so yeah alright
I'm gonna go this is really highly
boring for you what are you babbling
about stuff but okay oh I found my
beanie from last year in the cupboard
this is from Topshop
um no Topshop full of Ireland think it's
Topshop I can't remember but oh it's
lovely in cozy might write today but
yeah good time
Oh Edie today hey is this my jumper is
from H&M I really really like it
underneath I've got this skirt thing
because it's I don't have nothing
underneath and then I've got tights and
same coat from misguided mmm and my bags
from Zara kind of wearing a lot of the
same things recent leave her yeah I'm
just rushing out oh I also just curled
my hair a little bit yeah
and Jason talked about an hour so I'm
not sure what to do I was gonna bring my
laptop to work but I did it so now I
don't put anything to do but maybe I'll
just sit and have a coffee
you really want coffee it's gonna find
somewhere to go really cappuccino and
some nuts this is my favorite they're
taking the chakra off the top
Arius
all right so we're in Nespresso I'm just
gonna run machine
yeah there's a Christmas one that's
Apple comes late
everything is sparkly and gold look at
the stairs everything's like classic oh
yeah take it up woman's we're looking
for what's that where is it look at this
sorry I keep stopping us look at this
Romero yeah and look at this tree and
look at the middle look at it look at
this tree where are you gone there's
another tree thankfully that's faux fur
okay guys are you ready for this
Christmas shop oh my god
Wow look at it look at the sparkles
everything is magnificent 50 quid oh
really
it's a wooden thing calendar
for anything in there I guess
Oh My Goddess cocktails
the Grinch
he's cute I like him so we're going with
this
big boo-boo and two of these star of
snow fake sorry because the stuffs love
labor that's quite expensive what I keep
in here minutes
sir
but colorful and heavy
for this food tea and food and stuff and
then I think this even more downstairs
so few guys are coming to visit or
anything check it out
it's gorgeous in there and there's a
cafe over there in the corner
it looks like I was just pointing at
that man whoops okay so got the
Christmas t-shirt on that's my Christmas
John Veronica key things from Fortnum
and Mason bits enough to kind of make
the tree look decent for now we might
get extra bits and I really like the
size of it it's like a midsize he's
interested and it's Riley's first time
of being with us and doing the tree so
we're gonna do the tree we're cooking
dinner which should be really it's like
a really Christmassy dinner as well so
wish that with you guys and I would
watch Forrest Gump because I've never
seen it
she Laura are the only person
yeah yeah
this is Jason's second Christmas tree if
you guys remember last year was his
first and we got a massive was at 9 foot
9 foot tree Nordmann fir yeah who's also
Nordmann so we've had to put the star on
to sprung I don't know mm branches
that's the one
because Seymour's missing is that if you
didn't catch it we called the tree
Seymour it's missing his middle one poor
bugger
what's this okay we'll come up to the
tree after these announcements anyway
I'm just serving up our dinner of kurtal
cooks I bought ready-made chicken breast
join if you look at the hill I'm new to
this camera she's sort of anyway
mmm chicken breast stuffing Hawks agent
onion with bacon atop some Brussels same
with mine except I got bocalee service
chicken roasted chickens me Riley
high-five go out into the boat wait
john-boy
no bit lower than the stock stars so big
yeah I think it's nice
you're the tree expert I don't yeah to
the AH
we definitely need more on it yeah yeah
that's alright so when were out we just
go get some more that's it for now guys
oh if you guys wanted this Christmas
jumper is from Sainsbury's and it's the
men's one what no we said that earlier I
thought if we said it's from Sainsbury's
but anyway we're about to watch Forrest
Gump and like I said earlier and little
ninety season and I just thought I don't
have look here thank you guys for
watching if you haven't seen like the
previous ones there's the one from
yesterday other day floor and everything
I like the last one at the end of this
video and let me know if you've enjoyed
it and yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow
oh don't say bye
from basically just the festival can
YouTube ever
