hey guys welcome to a new vlog today I'm
headed up to central London and I'm
going to well I'm gonna might go on a
little shopping trip which I'm planning
to film and also I've been invited to
this it's like and brunch with
Maybelline and Gigi Hadid is gonna be
there which seems so surreal like I feel
like it's not gonna happen
so yeah I'm a bit nervous because I
don't know what to expect but yeah I'm
gonna vlog it let's see how it goes I
don't know like anyone else that's going
I mean I don't know who's going or
anything so hopefully I can see some
familiar faces I'm just getting ready to
leave
that is a prior he wanted to turn in the
connection why was that
hey guys it's Thursday I had to put a
hat on today this is I love this it's my
first time wearing it I got it from a
sauce today I'm on my way up to Sloane
Square sorry I'm out of breath rushing
to the train station I'm gonna go and
have the body sculpting session done and
it's with endo spears and I you know a
bit about it like I obviously did a bit
of research but it's like non-invasive
and I've not had any like I never really
get that many new treatments done or
anything so yeah I'm excited
I just came out my body feels so nice
and like loose and calm but we'll chat
about it more when I get home but that
was so interesting and cool hey guys I'm
back home and I'm but I just wanted to
do a little chat about my endo Spears
treatment and I kind of wanted to film
it being done but also like what my
whole bum was out and everything was
like probably put that on YouTube and so
yeah I got it done in Chelsea I'll put
the where I got it done and who did it
and all that info down below but I
wasn't paid to get it done or anything
it's something that I was really
interested to go and do obviously you
can look up the exact details know
everything but it kind of feels like a
really fast vibration turning thing
basically the outcome of the treatment
is - it kind of gets rid of or it helps
get rid of cellulite it helps to firm up
the area and lift the area and they can
do it anywhere on your body and you can
get it done on the face as well and so I
chose to get it done on my bum and my
legs a little bit I'm kind of fun with
my legs I didn't I wasn't really fussed
about my legs not to be honest but um I
think they usually do like some bum so
they just did that on me
well he did and I think his name is
Petro sorry if I've got it wrong he was
so good he was so friendly as well but
really professional and and the
treatment I don't know 15 20 minutes
such a weird feeling it's kind of this
really like intense vibration whirling
thing and like all my legs on the
Front's of my legs it kind of felt it
did feel a little bit uncomfortable but
nothing that I couldn't deal with and
but also at the same time it kind of
feels like a tickly sensation like if
you've had ever had a massage and they
go really deep into the tissue and I
think cuz your muscle is moving I don't
know so much it kind of tickles almost
so it was such a weird mix of feeling
but it wasn't that bad
especially on the bum didn't hurt at all
and when I say her it's just like a lot
of pressure nothing sharp or anything
like that yes we did the front of my
legs then I flipped over he did the
backs of my legs and my bum and I wasn't
sure what to expect or anything for the
results but he got halfway through and
he was like oh my god this looks amazing
I I guess the results come up
differently like everyone so if this is
really long but he took a picture and
showed me like after one side was done
and compared to the other side and my
bomb was so much more lifted and looks
more plump yeah so he basically said why
body took really well so it definitely
recommend it if you want to go and get
it done afterwards I felt so kind of
loose and relaxed and I'm very sore now
like with the ghoul I can fear all in my
legs in my bum but seriously I've had a
look and a feel of my bomb and it is
amazing honestly like my bomb feels like
my bum is an area that I'm really trying
to work on at the gym and it just feels
so much firmer it definitely feels more
lifted I thought I've got more volume at
the top of my bum which is what I really
want I'm not sure how long it lasts for
I'm sure you probably have to go back
really and keep getting it done but yeah
definitely see results after just one
session just want to let you guys know
how it was because I know I'm really
kind of nervous to go and get new
treatments done if I don't know much
about them so I thought you guys might
might want to know a bit about it I'm
gonna go pick up Indy from nursery now
and probably will be too knackered so
welcome all today so I'll probably look
tomorrow which would be Friday and we've
kind of all got a day off so that would
be nice
hey it's Saturday and I've just got
ready but I'm aware that I kind of look
like I'm bored I've got this sadden
headband on but from the front look a
bit oh no oh no just cool over the legal
bump laughing who's mommy talking to you
you shaking your head you didn't like
that no I think we're gonna go and do
the weekly food shop really wants to
know what's going on it's just my camera
little one do you like her jumper it
says defend that up the Oh tink
yeah I'm just I was waiting to see if
she needed a nap first but she doesn't
seem that tired so yeah should we go
before I get any comments I know my hair
is not the best I'm getting it done next
week yeah I can't wait to get it done if
anyway today's Monday and I'm just about
so today just been a total workday kind
of Aaron's day and I'm just about to go
and make some late lunch cuz I'm so
hungry
ah okay I'm streaming because I've just
been cutting onions but tonight I'm
making this from my roasting tin book
and I haven't made it before so I
thought I just look while I do it check
in with tricks Oh chick peas and
tomatoes so I just chops the onions as
you can hear two plates of garlic when a
recipe says like a certain move because
I like a little flavor chick peas
tomatoes I added the Tritt side and then
you add some rosemary and I like to add
more than it says poppy
whenever I follow a recipe probably
nothing is that pasty it's just like a
king stabilizer shame this is really
good yeah I think it's all ready to go
in the oven I'm gonna put it in and I
think it takes about an hour and a half
to cook and then I'll try and show you
guys when it's out but sometimes I
forget I'm so hungry
okay I think it's done and this is it
cooked I'm hoping it tastes good I'll
let you know because I've not tried this
before we're gonna have it with some
rice okay I'm gonna go and dig in it
looks really good
sorry - the veggies
hey guys
so I've just actually done a video using
the GG makeup so that will be up soon
actually will it be up soon this week or
next week
actually yeah it was really fun to like
have a proper little play around with
the products I could but I did say to
you guys that I'd let I'd show you I'm
drinking coffee so this is what happens
I said that I'd show you you know the
makeup a little bit so I got this huge
case of makeup it's amazing and there
are so many nice it's in here
like the tinted primer is really nice
and wearing it today but it is very
sheer coverage it's not that much
coverage for me anyway but it does give
a lovely finish it's very glowy and then
I also love the striping liquids they're
amazing
so good if you're gonna go and check out
the collection definitely check those
out and then this is my favorite
eyeshadow palette from the collection
it's the warm I feel like it is the West
Coast one I might be wrong but it's the
warm one it's so pretty
but yeah you guys will see it like see
me use it in my other video that I just
filmed today yeah such a nice collection
I really like the lipstick colors and
today I used Austin which is like a
really bright orange color but the
quality of everything is really good the
only thing I didn't like as much was the
on the fiber mascara but everything else
I've really really likes to be honest
today I filmed a video just applying a
bit lip balm and unknown me and Jason
went out for a little bit of lunch and
then I'm back home and I'm trying to
figure out whether to film wall or kind
of just get editing and doing some other
bits and bobs that I need to do this job
without worrying it's new in from all
saints and it's so oh I love it okay so
first off it's super comfy the material
is so nice like it's just amazing
quality this is
well this is it untucked kind of
boyfriend style oversized jumper but I
think it's really flattering as well
like just wanted to show you guys that
I've got a new Parker Co in from awesome
face off for All Saints as well which is
so nice so I'm thinking about maybe
doing a like styling Parker's video I'm
not sure so let me know if you'd like me
to do that this perfume oh it's it's
fine by Killian um it's called Villa
vous couchez avec amour
I love this this just arrived the other
day I've pretty much loved every perfume
I've had from this brand it's that mmm
because I really like perfumes that have
something different about them that are
quite mysterious and deep and dark and a
lot of them from this brand I like that
but this one I love it it's got the
powder enos to it but also a sexiness
and I haven't even looked yet at what
what the notes are in a bit and
everything but anyway it's so nice so I
just wanted to show you guys that I'm
getting my head on soon and I'm so
excited to get it done and I'm trying
something that I haven't tried before
which a lot of you guys have told me to
do I think in the past and I'm just
gonna try it and see how it goes
but yeah I'm a bit nervous but also
excited at the moment I'm really just
going through this phase of I feel like
I could be doing a lot more flight
looking after myself and I don't know
like being the best me so I feel like
I'm wanting to begin to have like get a
few things more done for myself like
facials I really want to try an acid
peel and I don't know just a few things
like that I just kind of want to look
after myself a bit more especially as I
get older like I don't feel old but I'm
noticing wrinkles every now and then and
it's really scary I mean there's also
nothing wrong with the wrinkles like I
do want to grow old gracefully I'm
waving that old but you know I mean like
I'm trying to I'm trying to start to
prep for pre aging but anyway
I hope you guys have liked this vlog I'm
gonna go edit and I was aiming for
weekly vlogs this month and I'm gonna
try and stay on target on Thursday I'm
going into London and that should be a
good day so I definitely vlog Thursday
and then tomorrow which is Wednesday I'm
actually like vlogging but for a main
Channel video so that should be up this
week so anyway I'll stop babbling and
I'll see you guys in the next one
thanks for watching bye
