hey guys welcome to the flog I want to
go out for a walk ease mummy's setting
up life chances okay I'm about to film
Jason's going out to get some coffee
oh god every vlog it's like coffee nice
10 seconds it's quite sunny today dude I
had telling pandas for breakfast
they're so addictive yeah then of course
you're quite American wins I think you
can let's take them off I'm gonna fill a
favorites video by W oh okay oh okay
basically guys okay I've got my look for
ages so basically with my hair
okay no type therefore need to feel and
like get filming and stuff but I had my
hair done again recently and I went for
the loose curl Mongolian hair again for
some reason this time it's a little bit
more not as curly like the curls dropped
a bit on the arch that mean I need to do
my hair is Wyeth gonna Wells talking
about that yeah okay neat or video film
video go then we're gonna go and get
some munch because we haven't eaten
today
and then I don't know the rest of the
day will be probably chilling or
something I'm really into working out at
the moment so maybe I'll squeeze in a
workout but yeah anyways okay I need to
get filming oh my god vlog of us it's
okay it's okay we'll talk about that
later
okay bye so just a little note I'm
including this coat in my favourites but
Riley little little rouser likes to sit
on anything soft
how you doing you liking my coat
isn't it soft I'm gonna need that back
mister I'm gonna need that back for the
video yeah okay I'm done filming that
took a little bit it always takes a
little bit longer than expected it's
like it seems like such a simple thing
setting up takes so long and then Riley
ate half a bloody chocolate HobNob dog
he came in the room like licking his
lips not that I know you've eaten
something I'd eaten half I left it on
the bloody table any Hooser we're gonna
go and eat now I think I'm quite hungry
last night we went out last night but
then we came home early like 11:00 then
we got McDonald's and I ate so much much
and then I still fall but the chicken
nuggets was so good I just don't know
they were like usually they're bad like
I think that bad but these ones are good
and then I just couldn't stop so this is
the from the monthly favorites video
whoa yeah we're just going to the Elkin
Oh
whenever I see another dog I'm like is
it Frenchie no it's a massive German
Shepherd Oh
the German Shepherds going in there too
they allow dogs so that's always a plus
and Jason's just checking if we can park
here we got we got two parking tickets
in one bloody week this week it's not
been great but oh we're gonna go pale
one of them anyway this is highly boring
yeah Oh catch you guys inside ride is
very excited
see how so it's dead later now I've been
uploading a video dating just playing
Call of Duty with friends when I ate my
food my food I've been even like
possibly slob with food because I was so
we were both quite hungry like we hadn't
eaten anything
when it came I was like nah but there
was quite those loads of chili and mine
and like I ate like three bits of quite
fiction ate and then that really hurt my
head I've had a bit of a headache I
don't know if it's the chin ear if I
need water and yeah upload is my current
went to hair and plenty of rocks yeah
and now I'm probably gonna scrub up a
little bit gonna head out again but kind
it's gonna have a date night right
you're gonna go to the cinema we've
found this similar one that we love like
not that secret but it's pretty good
Tilly and yeah we'll show you is that it
should be good we're gonna see Horrible
Bosses 2 I'm gonna give myself a drinks
and thirsty and I'm just trying to hook
up what Mexican restaurants go to Mexico
well you guys see the door looks like
sex I think because there's no name of
the place on the door anyway it was good
as right dog very loud and like crazy
after
so if you could come for a nice quiet
meal for me not the best place but yeah
yeah attract employer who was there cool
yeah but the only thing they have to say
it like we hate coriander this for
whatever taste in life and everything
that they make pretty much happened to
it
but you did not realize so my main was
uh needs funner done with me but it
tasty so now on our way to cinema
hey y'all so I just wanted to show my
outfit of the night quickly it's and
really nothing special it is ray 11
Outfitters this is from HRH collection
my rings are from all my rings are from
the great book and Shop Dixie I think my
shoes are from ASOS and yeah the taxi
man I think was trying to kill us with
caustic yep Oh stopping and starting the
film was good it was really funny I
think it was as good as the first one
and I just love Jamie Foxx yeah we're
gonna go to bed now really not good and
just after that car journey so yeah
hey guys so it's Sunday but it's quite
late on Sunday and basically I was good
like um vlog today and today I've gone
so quickly and also Jason I didn't
realize how soon flogged with is is
tomorrow like do what so I just saw
because today's been a bit crazy anyway
and it's been a bit of a slow day and
not not really really interesting and
I've been filming all most of the day
for get ready with me video so it'll
kind of be like the exact same content
you know in the floor get everything so
any who's after said that so many times
in this blog yeah so I just thought I'd
end this vlog here and now I just
looking forward to Lucas I'm so excited
that it was so long say and yeah I hope
you guys like my look a flop mess and so
a be with Royals me Jason he's insane
series at the moment which getting
dinner yeah and friends and family and
stuff so yeah just plugging ok I don't
know if he'll be everyday and upload
everyday I think I know I mentioned this
before but I think I'm gonna do to like
film two days and then uploads I think
that's what I'll do but I'll keep you
guys updated I think it just depends how
I feel and everything when I'm doing it
and if it's a bit too much you kind of
overwhelming everyday or it might be
totally fine so um at the moment maybe
expect the first video on the second I
think
so yeah and I'll probably upload at
around 6 o'clock p.m. UK time obviously
so yeah so yeah it should be really good
and on the first one something exciting
is gonna be happening during flood myths
which ivory oh my god I'm so excited I
hope you guys will like it as well it
will really it all really like add so
much to the vlogmas videos and do like
this so I'll like I don't it's not it's
not announcing but it's exciting so also
that is in the first vlogmas video so
yeah I'm eating Tasha tomorrow and so
that'll be cool so that would be in the
vlog as well and yeah I better go right
now I'm pretty tired today we've just
I've been filming and then we went to
ginger and why okay I had this walnut
and coffee cake right it looked okay it
tasted a little bit stale and then and I
haven't really had any much else to eat
today I had a bit of breakfast but it's
like burning my inside is that normal
why is that like it was alright cake but
now what if I feel burn like they're
burning I don't know what that is that
maybe it's just because it's processed
for sugar and stuff but anyway yeah
thank you guys so much for watching and
yeah I'm really looking forward to
vlogmas I've been babbling for ages but
I just I just always feel so thankful to
you guys that watch like especially the
vlogs because it just shows so much that
you're like interested in you know what
I get up to and stuff and you guys are
always so lovely when you comment on the
vlogs and everything and yes it's really
cool I'm feeling a lot I had a bit of a
bad patch was kind of I know everyone
says it but I'm sorry I'd say and
everything even though I feel like I
shouldn't oh you know some people get it
so what I like it's not you can say it
um but yeah recently I feel like I've
made a little bit of a breakthrough
personally and it's made made me feel a
lot happier recently so I think that all
have a good impact on the vlogmas as
well so yeah Riley's a bit uncomfortable
scar
but yeah I just wanted to say then I
wish you guys the bat walk wish you the
best I'm gonna see you in a few days I
really go I don't know what I'm talking
about
I'll see you guys in blackness
so when the onions of those are on me
you know shit's going down oh say what
you're making for the onions strong is
it is on your mix
you can't see what's in them
just have to include dinner in the spot
Oh
