native
jason-3 seats biscuits and I bloody love
it it's a an amazing like boutique shop
did looks like it is for me outside this
is the new one on Curtin Road and we're
meeting some friends in a minute just
down there and we're going to go and
yeah we're gonna go and watch the rugby
in a sports bar which is like my first
time doing that
yeah isn't that amazing
yeah
hey guys so we're back home now and
we're just recharging our batteries
still bits gonna go back out and then
meet with AJ and Liam again this time
can they like go out for drinks and
stuff hopefully and just like have a
laugh and and yeah yeah so just having a
little later on quickly and I've gotta
get ready
the fridge so we're going
it's nice so we went to the practice we
went downstairs as you go so that's
called through the fridge ask for the
mail and we have two peanut butter drink
I wouldn't recommend it it's very strong
peanut buttery and strong so this is
where we are I don't know what's going
on daddy stop this
morning everyone it's Sunday now and
it's about quarter past one it's been a
long morning I was editing this morning
and getting a video up because it's been
ages but like a week and yeah we still
need to eat and everything really hungry
but we're taking this little one to
regents park because every second Sunday
or roughly every second Sunday in London
there's a French he needs up and we've
been wanting to go to it for so long
like and we keep missing it every month
because like something else pops up but
he's been really wanting to go and he's
been nagging us so we just thought that
we'd take him and yeah I'm really
excited yeah yeah happen because we're
not 100% sure because the websites down
that has all the details but we're
hoping and then we're thinking even if
it the actual ones not or maybe other
people will be like us for friend Jesus
and just go in case if not it's nobody's
birthday so Joe great to go
all right cool
thank you
whoa sorry I'm regions Park and we just
bumped into another woman who had a
Frenchie and then so we asked her like
if it's on and hope I need to hook up
they'd moved the meet up today from it's
usually up two to one so we're a bit
late so we're trying to just find some
like stray French cheese or anyone
that's still hanging around but yeah
it's really nice I think the Primrose
Hill along no I don't think so okay so
we're on the tail of the French King
eats up resistant and cuts them up I'm
supporting French cheese like every now
and then it looks like we're getting
closer
there's a pub over look we think
everyone is at this firehouse place
let's see let's see
good yes we found the fringe oh yes so
many French cheese let's do this way
no sighs anyway you've made it
physically
this is like the best thing ever i sorry
I say that about everything everything's
the best thing ever but Frenchie's all
together
socializing playing it's just amazing
while he's living at inside so we just
make Gatsby's world of Frenchie do I
follow on Instagram and that passage
entry like that was him and then she
said his name and I was like oh they've
recognized Kathy holding gottsy down
like such a cute little pokey new Mouse
even fun
Reilly who's your favorite
I was trying to get a picture of him you
know for a since around with it the
others but it's
because he got muddy field conscious
bitch my other YouTube also I want to
share that this such dirty mirror oh I
love this carnival I got it pretty good
hurt and it's a bad play but it doesn't
smell like tobacco it just has that kind
of Earth slightly earthy smell it's of
October
yeah pretty liking it using my lil shot
that's all
hey y'all say it's it over just dog he
touches me it's um it's nighttime so
we're all very tired hair in the
household of kulaks
today was really really good thanks for
watching and we'll see you next time
yeah
