nice so today I'm on a trip with birch
books to Paris and I'm so so so excited
to be embarrass and they started off
this morning at about half five in the
morning and then we've got the Eurostar
like half seven
so we met the Paris Birchbox team and
went to the the offer at their office
which was gorgeous and we checked out
their vending machine that cool this is
what was in in my pocket I needed those
who've paced further tonight yeah so you
just got to the hotel so tired really
hungry we're gonna go for lunch soon all
together and yeah I'm here with some
other bloggers girls and YouTube girls
so it's really cool and oh this is
amazing
yeah how many excited I'm here just
overnight and then tomorrow and then I'm
going otherwise I would have had a
meet-up here because I really want to do
a Paris Meetup hopefully I could do that
someday soon so before oh my god how
amazing is this place and this is oh
it's a little package it's a birch box
okay I'm good at my age oh my god and
then from Huygens there's some little
little books I'm gonna open up oh it's
too pretties open okay then we got
double bad is hot velvety Oh stroke the
furry war little TV it's so pretty it
smells amazing in here as well so we've
got sink I mean look at this bath it's
like half hidden that earth that's so
cool
oh my god this
look at these knobs I'm loving these
norms look at that oh my god look it's
the old school and I sit down from an X
I'm so tired and just like recharge my
batteries go bear reapply little bit
makeup you know playing so yeah should
we do
outside the window view I think this is
my thing I have to like peek outside
French windows and film it so this is my
view
Oh so resting in a limb or a limb behind
I think and I love this area
you might remember I was here before of
Jason not long ago yellow
so from this
I puts into a French supermarket first I
need a drink so thirsty
Jackson this is here
so I mean back in quarterly and I just
about to have my first facial ever I'm
just gonna lay down on here and undress
my top half this is my outfit by the way
that was amazing
I've got into my Birchbox and I just
wanted to say how sweet this is from
them and I don't when I like showing
things my videos I hope you guys I think
I'm bragging I'm really honest you know
I'm just saying I'm huge thank you to
them for bringing me here and for these
things and so I've got this
dr. Sharpe water act skin miss oh my god
I want to try this they put in actually
I think yeah show you guys that okay I
have this which look it's a scrumptious
tummy and then says like you know things
about coming here with them and stuff
that's just so sweet like it's printed
with my name and then in here we have a
lip glam lip balm which looks really
good I'm excited to try that I've got a
welder creamy body wash we Scout Beauty
projector masks a Lordan very bronzer
like a little sample and chocolate mmm
remember remember get crazy for November
that's a key Thank You Birchbox it's so
sweet and like little D little details
like this might make all the difference
I'm just going to relax now before we
have dinner so I'm not throwing my face
it's very bare and red but calm this is
Lars Delray and I forgot how much I love
lines all right hey yeah so this is my
finished look and it's nothing new its
thermal it's what I were in Venice but
different outfit I mean kind of bit
makeup is similar
I've done my eyes a little bit more like
in with just with my liquid liner I've
gone in the tear ducts a lot more no a
little bit more but like from far it
doesn't look like it and it's cheeky but
yeah
all makeup and stuff oh I don't have a
neck koala 1 yeah I'm gonna wear my
Charlotte Tilbury sexy serum this is
from anthropology my top is a crop top
from Topshop skirt from ASOS it's just a
long knee length one there's no
full-length mirror in her and my shoes
egg sauce so yeah I'm gonna probably
wear a white blazer with us too but yeah
I need to go so yeah I'm excited I'm
really hungry okay boy
so eating here tonight it's amazing I
remember the name of it it's like pong
for Dumbo dominated
but yet what has arrived my continental
breakfast oh my god I'm so excited
or like all I want a knife of French
croissants
yes so you were like a little selection
I got some bread got a cappuccino got
orange juice don't me drink orange juice
what I might have a little sip mmm fresh
raspberries YUM oh my god oh I thought
that was cheese but it's pot so that's
fine butters good so I'm gonna chow down
and get dressed and get ready for the
day
okay hey guys so I am done getting ready
and I kind of wanted to show you my
outfit but it's kind of difficult to do
it in this mirror but what you kind of
basically see this top is the oh it's
from Zara I think the skirts from petty
by to it but Oh from Ace no from Urban
Outfitters blazer is from Topshop so my
shoes are just my leopard shoes still
because of the any shoes that I bought
because I only bought like a handheld
bag and everyone else that's the big
propers like mini suitcases but yeah I
just I don't have one I don't say and
also an leather jacket and my big scarf
because it's freezing and yeah I've got
a good everyone's got to meet downstairs
oh yeah
I feel like my skin looks really good
with the makeup on today after the
facial so yeah I love when you you feel
like your skin feels and looks a bit
better
go hold on
you this along magnet in some cotton
inside the shower gel and this is a
magnetic stirrer so when I turn it on
what's the most popular some eggs
verbena it's a really fresh one with
mills this is my outdoor cook time I'll
actually I showed you guys earlier
my stash Mazzara so I fallen in love
with this bag I like it in black can up
now seen it in this color it doesn't
even look at old camera it looks amazing
in real life I have to get it I have to
get it it's so nice
yeah that's so nice
we're going on a Paris chocolate
I think first is my career looking at
someone Java is so excited to be amazing
this is the best chop chop chop that
I've ever had in my life
it's like the best thing
