good morning mr. miles I love you hey
yeah so I'm headed out it is Tuesday
morning and tonight is the as darkness
falls paths Halloween party that loads
people are going to and I don't have an
outfit yet so I thought one first person
actually also is because um we didn't I
didn't know if Jason will be able to go
like we've wanted to go together but he
you know how he's still kind of
recovering what he is recovering and we
went to the hospital and he has to be
recovered he has to be recovering for
longer so he can't leave the house and
things like that yet still so um I kind
of don't know whether to still go he
says to go you know and just it's good
cuz I try and push myself to do more
things and stuff cuz sometimes forget
quite nervous so I be really good to go
just to kind of get in the habit of
going to things the meeting people and
stuff so yeah anyway I've got a got to
London first this morning for a meeting
and then maybe try and find an outfit
and yeah so I'm just about to head out
the door
or catch the train on time so yeah
that's it I'll show my outfit so very
black outfit again today I'm wearing a
jumper that's from cheap Monday remember
necklaces Zara and also it's leather
jacket bags will Topshop is massive
jeans are from ASOS that's slightly big
but I like them these are from a store
in Melbourne in Australia that's my
phone
hey guys I've been a really really
terrible vlogger today and I was in
London and I had to meet him like I said
wait and the times weren't many quickly
and then I'm such an idiot because I
went into like a fancy dress shop and I
totally forgot to plug in there but it
was kind of was a bit awkward to film
because I was like one woman standing
there just staring at everyone looking
around and like following you around the
shops he didn't steal anything
it was the one in Soho I don't remember
the name but basically I've got a
costume so yeah I'm quite excited and
yet I'm just walking Roy Lee Park life
its Riley's favorite Park life in the
park
we're either Park leg I like to chew on
twigs past life something else in fun
Oh cripes
I don't have to do my makeup later I
don't know everybody could see so many
girls like theirs I think like so many
people are going look at this hair so
windy and look at this this screen has
just fallen or there's a man over there
that's a bit creepy what's he doing
you're just sitting on that chair yeah
there's just a big lump of tree it comes
with a bell and a head head thingy I
also got this feather to try my hair my
hair but its massive so maybe I'll just
shut up so I need to get rid of got a
package from it's very good gatsby
lighting okay oh oh my god it's full
bath bombs yes thank you lash they sent
me up because I wasn't able to go to one
of their events that looked amazing oh
well go get that away from me no it's
like sign and you know how much I hate
sound
keep it in a no quarantined area that
Christmassy ons it under state and
evidence annals for Halloween stuff and
they didn't have any
so I'm done and I thought I'd use this
mirror to show the main focus I think it
shows a little bit clearer than in the
dark dark hallway so yeah
smoky eyes with lashes I've done like
three white dots no to my dog
stripes red lips this is max cherry lip
liner that's Nick's milk pencil so this
is my outfit in total this back on top
shop I don't like this waistband quite
unflattering
she's a from Urban Outfitters and I'm
running late I need to go okay I'm on my
way
are you gonna meet Tasha and then go
inside obviously
hey guys wow that was really
high-pitched cook Berg it's not gonna
taste bike ready for you okay we're
going in I didn't bring it and I thought
yeah
it's like choices and then Tom decided
on my 21st birthday that he was
completely not in fact usability cilium
early Wow
Cillian Murphy can have my baby Tom
you're done say Oh in scuff you vices
you - you know my client's economies
diamond and Mariana bitch and it's very
hard once the information Tony was up oh
cool girls man leave us alone we know
where we're going boy
I don't want to get stopped okay
that was a lot of rum I could it's the
morning after I've woken up at like 8:00
in the morning don't know how I just
couldn't sleep
I just so yeah I like showered and stuff
oh my god it was so good last night I
just thought I'd do it at will ends of
lockers
oh my voice I would be yelling about
peaky blinders oh it was really really
good
and like so silly cuz I was quite
nervous and like a bit I'm a little bit
anxious before it because there's gonna
be a lot of people there and everything
and like you know I but I just made sure
that I went and I'm so glad and it's
just yeah and I'm so glad Tasha and
Helene it was were there as well and
solver and I got to me there's a Kony's
they were so says they love me yeah I
was like talking yeah I got a picture
with their mother inside here I uploaded
some pictures on the Instagram and yeah
loads of people that Gabby from velvet
goes there in fro my god know quite a
lot of people and then it was really
nice to see a lot of girls again you
know that hadn't seen for a while yeah I
love Halloween so I don't think we could
have photos in the photo booth I also
wanted to say that my outfit was not
meant at all to be offensive to anyone
or to cause any upset to anyone honestly
I'm pretty hungover right now you know
I'm not there from home April still a
little bit drunk there boys
all right you guys have like this blog
about my antics and I'm in my new brandy
melville hideous so it's soft thank you
guys watching and I'll see you I see
great Halloween party
