hey guys today is a really exciting day
for PES Jason has a shoot of Ghassan
John and who is a really well-known
photographer and and his photos are just
amazing like you could check him out
online and you've probably seen a lot of
his photos online as well without
knowing that it's him he usually
photographs a lot of men like gentlemen
really nicely styled people yeah a lot
of men's fashion he's been featured in
GQ no he worked with GP kind of yeah
he's I think he's been involved
yeah loads of places anyway so it's
really cool we're just on our way
running a little bit late but she's fine
and I thought that our looking because
it's really cool well and it's for
Clark's as well and it's Jason's first
like proper photo shoot so yeah so we're
doing the first location in ruffians
which is in common garden so Jason's
trousers are a bit long so we've got to
cut them
yeah are you gonna be changing outfits
or change
and it's the rains holding out stuff I
just say there's a Tintin shop and
Tintin was my worst cartoonist
why is there a Tintin shop
it's very talented go check out yeah so
my name is Jonathan Daniel price as you
said my blog our son John calm so we
were today really just
capturing some cool London guys and
Jason a forest is very cold London guy
so I went to shooting for a while
actually particularly after seeing the
photographs at Instagram is amazing
tattoo across his chest so I'm glad we
finally made that workouts and and yes
it went really well
seasons of Turin so it's now definitely
autumn in London but penny went
perfectly
so the boys are gonna go on Carson John
calm really seen some check out okay so
the fetish it's done Jonathan was really
nice and me down to earth and he really
made wasn't say Oscars like Italy but he
he made you feel it really at even yeah
it was cool yeah so now on our way home
I'm hungry and hungry so I just picked
up these rice crackers from II but it's
not it's not filling the hole man so
first stuck in traffic
Oh tonight Jason's gonna make his
bacon sandwiches a world-famous they are
amazing ingredients like to have them
I'm gonna drink a glass of wine and
drama so works we haven't said why in
the book I'm having an operation
tomorrow basecoat a big one yeah he's
not going to be able to like be you know
nothing about for a few days do not film
n phase channel no the operation no the
bacon bacon beer con beard boy I can
I'll catch you guys be good in a bit
bacon oh yeah I can't do well is this
does anyone know what this is I'm
Selfridges
like a giant nothing can make you giant
me wrong to cool area Jason the theme
song demo Christina asked favorite place
to eat in London I might say that
suburban out I love Michigan's we both
like Michigan's is really nice because I
don't have a favorite place no not one
favorite also recently went to roses cat
which is a teiko yeah that was no better
time and it was quite quick okay like
lick liqueur asks what do you think of
French people love you thank you I love
French people and I think French kids
this is sounds weird but French kids are
so cute they have these little accents
and they're really cute school yeah who
under school SH asks where would you
like to travel next
he like I would love to do like a tour
of Scandinavian countries I'm obsessed
with mostly Scandinavian I love their
fashion I love their history their
food's delicious
yeah their people just thought seeing
really grow every year people are
delicious yeah
everyone everyone I've ever met from
Norway for example are all super
intelligent they speak English better
than we do they're just lovely people so
I really want to go to Scandinavia
beauty all things asks what - a fav
thing to do together
one of mine is to like shiny places to
eat and like do a little review of what
we think and also go to the cinema I
like just sitting on the sofa watching a
film together really with the dog yeah
just kidding out really sissy love JLS
says do you ever fight over where you
should to go to eat out or what movie
you should watch not exactly fight for
disagree sometimes time tries to get me
to watch horror movies which just won't
ever happen it hasn't happened what I
was going to say though is that I am
I've never really been a romance film
kind of gal the only romances I like the
like that
don't know where else there's what
batteries when we like choosing what to
watch Jace will be like I don't know you
very much no we like like a romper and I
think a way I'm Buddhist I think there's
a lot of bad rom-coms it's almost like
every film choice decision will end with
hunger Gary yes X moustache XS can I get
a shout out just for fun there you go so
what's that I love you so much please
say the name Lila or Lila Mae XO brought
police Ravan doll asks how was your
first impression of each other I thought
he looked like Tom Hardy and he was
really cool I thought she always liked
an exotic person
no I thought she was really really
beautiful i chat all the tattoos which
is cool right that's gonna be it for our
little journey home one more one more
one more
also I was sent this phone case by
subscriber and it's so so sweet and I
just wanted to you know give it mention
I'll put the details down below the girl
that made it and she has a website so
thank you okay someone asks and body
girl NAT asks what are the most relevant
things you've learnt by doing and
watching YouTube videos I've learned - I
don't have to explain it like try and
easily brushed off negative things and
not take them personally or to heart
because what people think about you if
especially if it's in a negative way is
usually a reflection of them and what's
in their head and thoughts and not of
you at all it's just their projections
so nothing I've not really learnt
anything to be honest I'm pretty I don't
really I don't
yeah do you chew visors for videos out
let's try and help people that's all I
don't think about anything else yeah
cool alright we're going to get home and
sit down for a minute
back home I'm just about to film for
Jason's happy place which is Jason the
second tunnel well my second other
channel and if you haven't seen it it's
a food mainly a Food Channel I think you
might be doing some other videos in
there as well but at the moment is like
yeah it's kind of go to recipes are easy
to do and but really like flavorful but
and there's a mix like summer healthier
and summer more like indulgent but
they're real good just setting up I will
link it down below
if you guys haven't checked it out yet
so yeah this is us serving up I this is
what I film on they want for my main
channel it's the 700d and this Sigma
lens and the mic and check out his apron
as well
oh my god these rolls are so good as
well by the way especially if you like
olives fit all those in them and then
Riley usually just watches from the sofa
so the filming's are wrap and look at it
it's so good
wait it's not the best lighting so yeah
that'll be on Jason's channel
hey y'all so now it's about ten to nine
rain occur I was just doing some like
stretch it at night sometimes I just
feel like doing like stretches and
sit-ups and stuff and then I try to do
I'll insert the picture
yeah I didn't go down to I think I need
to go to a cloth anyway yeah today was
cool and I hope you liked this little
random vlog I just thought I would share
today battery's about to die so it
goodbye for me I just uploaded a video
so yeah that'll be up by the time
Jonas anything just wanna say bye say
bye so they can hear you
