my way to go
and everything shows and what some of
the shows and stuff so yeah I'm just
waiting to the train there just came out
the underground making my way over to
the Freemasons building I'm quite
nervous a little bit as well
meet near class
yeah
my favorite is gorgeous gray however I
invented this for nail art yeah kula
this helps me keep things together how
to say that I love a day I really like
that this one this one
would you like us to do your nails with
one of these yeah okay which one I'm
getting my nails done before they say at
all to me
well I think they're doing some of it
now but yeah a really quick but she just
take taken my now on a show
very crude device
I'm just stirring it about
and like that you ensure that that nail
is completely covered
that's the first yeah
it's like every like every without being
covered yeah so let's try a second coat
a little bit thicker and Chandler
products
yeah
just came out of the valley no when it
was really bitter liked it better than
the first show
I love the makeup because it was very
really very lighted up on the cheap
to a really bright resume which was
amazing and I love looking really quite
customer
so yeah no I think wait for the next
shot
new actually shades are out and so a lot
of the makeup spin spring/summer has
been quite
by Isis and either turn of a certain
color in the central select or really
coldness as well it's been fat mermaid
we're just waiting for the last show
sermon and I'm so interested I have a
look around saying some of the products
and everything they have a new instapure
I am given try the insta blur it's like
a primer it doesn't mean if it just now
I have one for the eyes to really
excited about because my eyes breathe so
yeah if you have that problem to be
handy isn't this background oh I've got
one in my house though the time comes so
quickly it's almost it's coming up too
fast for the last show which are many
exciting folks I think it's quite
different to the others
yes I've been again I've been loving the
makeup looks I've been seeing a lot of
their faces are quite light and not too
fun talk a lot of them at Jimmy but I've
seen one quite matte one
I'm loving the plots of colors on the
lips party and say as well there was
so this mermaids design on the models
for heaven's sake
yes and also my sweet saliva head makeup
artist and I'll show you guys that now I
asked her a few questions about her
favourite products and what she's been
to Grimm the brows and putted lashes but
we use it from the tip to plump them up
so looks like the where miss burrows
they're not and they're lovely people
passionate pink all over the trick is to
go straight from arch or lipstick to
bring it around the lips so you stops
you from originally in and then just
using a flat brush and just spread it
out really ethereal sorry used silver
pencil : on the top and then we've just
to give it that edge we used a black
hole at the bottom so but both of them
with straight lines just use this sugar
cubes and there's two silvers and the
white area that you see so we've just
layered those on top so it gives that
metallic feel yeah and what we're doing
before they walk on the catwalk because
we're just dabbing on a bit of gloss
justice it has to give it that extra
shine I've been like one
and the most popular product that we've
been using is that the BB cream because
some of the girls you know they're some
very we take them in lots of makeup so
the BB cream it's great just to even out
the skin take out anybody needs to miss
just ok so far my favorite looks and
fashion sketch shows have been in
particular Ashley H M because it was a
super makeup look it was really
technical at the eyebrows ahead bell
1940s and contouring the silicone liner
the lashes it's a really beautiful woman
leader the neon orange lips and the
super groomed brows mixed in with his
collection it just look really luxurious
and quite sporty but also very fresh his
bob or in contrasts but actually I like
the UM canal because hers was very
angelic the dresses like the lime greens
and the whites was really really
freshened for your eye so kept the
makeup really fresh and it was just with
lots of just neutral colors bronzy she's
it was like a no makeup look very very
clean so inspired actually like Victoria
Beckham's look you know really really
clean
it went so quickly so now I'm going to
go home I hope you guys liked this video
and thank you so much for watching I had
a really good time with the body shop
that fashions girl and thank you to the
body shop and fashions girls and so now
I'm just in Covent Garden and they're
going on I just said that tonight okay I
just went sad in case I a page guys
wanted well I went for my outfit today
my kimono and he was from urban offices
my jumper is from Topshop I dress it's
from brandy melville my shoes are from
Topshop
