hey guys so it's Sunday and I just
thought that we need to look again today
because I quite like doing weekly so
it's Carnaval knotting or carnival the
children's day and then we were thinking
about going but I think it's just so
like intense and crazy and everything so
we're on our way to Camden because we've
been after though Jason's been after
sunglasses and then I like browsing
anyway and they were cool glasses there
and stuff and bits and bobs it should be
kind of a chill day but that's what
happens so we're just waiting for my
friend Liam and they're going to have a
coffee but I thought that we check out
this
Oh
what is it is it Bulldog French so I
thought I'd show you guys what I'm
wearing today we lost but put together
and my jeans of the Topshop leaves I
think my shoes are just Topshop body fat
oh my god it's a bloody top so this is
from a store online from from
Scandinavia my hair I put the info down
below also my lipstick is Charlotte
still green hot sienna and I've bloody
of it it's like my new favorite thing
and it's man
so my glasses I just got the down
then it was really nice to see Liam we
came just got back from Camden and I'm
so sleepy I don't know why but anyway
before I really like we relaxed and
stuff I bring in Riley out this walk
and here had some nice chicken wings and
planned him as you saw and yet Riley's
locked in the wall
movie nights the park so he can you know
meet some other dogs and stuff he's
trying
oh no he's else hey guys I don't
remember I know it looked but um it's
quite late now it's almost ten past
twelve and we had to take away and then
we were watching orange is the new black
times one really quickly but I really
thought I hadn't finished like the look
of today but yeah I hope you guys liked
it I don't even feel like I did a lot of
that hi
I'm teaching him to play dead and he's
he's halfway there we'll see you've got
I don't know to look tomorrow actually
anyway
pretty vlog is all tomorrow so I'll
probably see it summer
tenderloin Sundays Monday and something
funny is happen so we just took it in
school and another very tradition so
we're in this little French place in
sections words and I have so many okay
so I went to this
I think mighty ones Jason's attention
