hey guys I know a lot of you won't know
what I'm talking about I'm doing this
video um but about a year ago I made a
video talking about a breakup that I've
had in the past you know if you've been
watching me a long time you know that I
broke up with my ex and the way before I
get into it I know that this is I I
didn't want to do this video for a long
time because for one wiping up again
it's been ages
I like I'm the last person that once for
it to keep coming up again and you know
also it's it's my personal life so why
and what I do you know like why why is
it all being made so public but in the
long run like what I do my job is a lot
of it is my personal life being on the
internet but that's not the reason why I
want to do this video but it's chipped
it I just feel like I need to do this
for my own good for Jason's own good my
boyfriend and for the good of some girls
that it could help all guys if you're in
a bad type of relationship some of you
may not have seen that my ex recently
did a video I thought I feel so stupid
talking about this like in public
um did video kind of bringing the whole
thing up again also I do want to say in
my first year that I did about like
domestic could be about I went through
domestic views so physical abuse
emotional mentally were the main ways
and you know the main types that I I
went through and with it when I did that
video with it all not being that long
ago since the video when you go through
it you're almost in a denial to be
honest you know like so I didn't I
didn't then fill in a good position to
talk about it like especially very
confidently and I you kind of tell
yourself that it didn't happen like a
lot of the time afterwards it's just
like a blur you know and after happens
in you're back to normal life again and
I was a lot happier because I'd go out
of the bad
ship and hours of Jase I didn't really
want to go back to talking about that
because it's a horrible thing to talk
about anyway I'm in his video he said
not denied about the claims of the
domestic abuse but just said that that
wasn't him that's not him or that sorry
about that not being him so I'm guessing
that people are gonna take that as he
didn't do it anyway basically I'm
getting a lot of accusations about lying
about cheating which I did not cheat the
relationship finished a few quite a
little while before not ages before yeah
I'll be honest but a little while before
that and I sat down okay I won't go to
detail but you know I sat down and said
I've had enough you know that that's
enough there was starting to be
arrangements for how to kind of leave
where we were living and stuff like that
Nora um but yeah I went away I met Jason
who I just immediately fell for and made
me feel extremely safe and like loved
and everything's so fun but I know a lot
of people have always shut up who have
been given um Jason a lot of grief about
you know saying that he's a shitty
person because of when we met and he
hasn't he hasn't done any like he he
didn't do anything wrong like there was
no crossover of relationships so for him
me it was just a whirlwind of kind of
being of someone whose life is quite
public and everything and then obviously
he knew about more details than anyone
else did about my last one so he would
have had a bit more in him to be like
you know to want to tell people about it
and anyway um I I didn't want to make
this video I saw the other video and I
don't want to bring it a little fresh
again because for me it's horrible just
horrible like I I don't want to relive
it again I don't want to talk about it
again I don't everyone arguing about
like my life again
so since since I didn't talk about abuse
or anything in my last video and oh
whatever some of you can say that now
I'm
and I'm lying because I didn't say it
before but if you've ever been through
that you can probably understand you
know why I didn't want to talk about at
the time but um yes I did go through it
yes I like I said it in unlike Tumblr
YouTube comments and things because I
was so sick of being accused of lying
about it like can I just say look why
would I lie like why would you lie about
abuse that is so sick like especially if
you know anyone who's been through it
and how it can affect people so for one
like I try to be as good a person as I
can be I try not to lie anyway in
general and lying about something like
abuse is one of the biggest things you
can lie about so that there would be no
reason for me to lie about it you know
it's like hard enough it was hard enough
for me to deal with the facts that I'd
been through it and like looking at my
life and saying like I still can't
believe that it's hot then it happened
like for me to have let that happened I
just feel like um I've let not even
myself down but mainly my mum because
she always brought me up to be like a
strong woman I don't really care as much
about the extensions about like cheating
because I know her it's not true and
it's just that I've been called like a
home and stuff and this - what it didn't
happen but being accused of lying about
abuse is just that's why lies to this
video and for girls who are going
through it at the moment because I know
how it feels if they could watch this
and know that that you can get out of
something and you can like not all men
are like that
and um there are people who more like
value you what you can call me whatever
but I'm not gonna sit here I was sitting
in my bed like tearing because like I
don't crazy sort of steering and like
I'm kind of daring out but um because
having been when you've gone through
that for years and like it's almost like
that's an odd
you so that was like the the week me
that was always like scared and having
to deal with it in things and then like
and being that person for years and then
be and then people saying that you never
that never happened like you've already
been through enough shit without people
saying that it was all in life you know
like I don't know how to explain it
like I I replied to someone on one of
Jason's Instagram posts like kind of
posted about it and because I was so
angry about like I'm not an angry person
but that makes me angry if someone's
saying that I'm lying about abuse I said
boy this is going to be a bit jumpy
because it's a very very hard thing to
talk about but you like yourself and you
you don't usually tell any I didn't tell
anyone about it for years
it like broke me to tell my mom about it
because she then blamed herself and she
she was still like the upset and blame
herself that it happened it's not her
fault
and um you like develop coping
mechanisms and I would like just not
talk like June and argument or something
I had not talked and then um alright
just laughs I just love because I
couldn't do anything that you can't
fight back like really yeah it stays
with you for a long time and it's not
something that you want to keep bringing
up so I know a lot of people have
already said said to me oh you should go
invite help or told Jason's going find
me help I have actually gone to a
therapist I've been going and it's hard
enough every time I go to her and talk
about triggers you know things that
would make the situation happen and
things like that without it being
brought up on YouTube and you know
social media and everything like I'm
already reliving it weekly if not daily
because certain things still scare me
and I don't know there's quite a few
questions
why don't you just break up that is like
so difficult like if you're in the
situation and I now would you know I if
I was speaking someone else I just mean
I'll just leave him and but I know how
hard it is it's very hard to leave any
an even if and part of like when I said
to him said I had I had had enough and
you're scared that that will cause you
know over just suggesting to leave
anyway so um you know that's that for
why didn't you knit you get in a vicious
cycle also why didn't you report to the
police
ah I was in IR Donna its I don't I don't
even know how to talk and I was just
trying to deal with myself and keep
myself sane I just want it away you know
like when I felt the strength to tell
other people because that's telling any
someone anyway if you're reporting to
police that's then telling someone who
which is a massive step anyway so I kind
of wanted to tell like my family or
someone first you know I don't think my
first interest was to go to police
I just wanted to be safe and just being
with family or something and then I
follow them leave this video up too long
because this is so stupid like this
whole thing being public is so bloody
stupid and like you know quite
unprofessional um and everything you
know like it shouldn't just be
everyone's business but it to be fair
it's already been major force business
you know so I'm again I'm not going to
sit by and be called every name under
the Sun and being called a liar for that
my prayers I'm not even an overly
religious person but my prayers are with
anyone that's dealing with it now
and some people messaged me when I did
my last video about being and about
abusive relationships and things and
said thank you for helping them because
they've found the strength to get out
and that is the most that makes me so so
happy so sorry the reason I'm saying
that is because I know this video a lot
of people think it's stupid that I'm
doing it and I'm adding fuel to the fire
and things I just think
it's nothing else this video could help
other girls you know know that they're
not the only person and and that they
can get out of it and and it's hardly
ever spoken about and it's quite an
embarrassing thing I'm embarrassed
that's you know a big reason why don't
talk about it you know that's why I'm
being called a liar because it's quite
embarrassing that that's happened I just
think back to when I was five years old
and if I knew that that would happen to
me like um I don't know if this is right
or wrong but that's it I'm not a perfect
person but I will not lie about being
abused like why would you do that
um and anyway I know a lot of people
that will comment and still say I'm a
liar and still call me this and that
whatever like I know the truth I know
you could say that while I near the
truth so I didn't need to make this
video but no I I can't deal with being
called a liar about that when I have to
go through it so yeah bye I haven't
wanted to do a lot of big replies or
Instagram posts about this because I
kind of just feel like just let it be
and you know just leave it and I know
that Jason has you know he's been
sticking up for me but you know he wants
to stick up for me
so he he sees the hurt that I still go
through all the time I won't say certain
things I'm scared to look certain ways
you know like mention people like not at
him but that's Justin still in me
there's just certain things that I'm
still scared to do I I if he like comes
near me quickly or anything or kind of
stops me from moving like it always he
does it playfully but I mean he sees
that I'm scared I get scared really
easily and that upsets him that we can't
just like play and stuff because I find
it intimidating Jason's just trying to
stick up for me that's all it is really
he's a good person anyway onwards and
upwards and anyway I just hope that it
can all go away you know I saw
it's hard enough to try and recover you
know without it being put up against so
and it will take quite a while it will
take probably a few years but yeah
anyway I'm going to go I don't know else
to say it's really difficult to talk
about you know in a structured way so
yeah I wouldn't have been a good speaker
talking in this video and that's the
reason why one of my main things in life
is to be nice to everyone because you
don't know what any what everyone is
going through and I always used to think
that I always used to think guy well she
might have the same problem at home like
just give her a smile you know like you
never know what people are going through
so be nice and and that's all alright
thanks for watching
