hey guys so it's 3:40 in the morning
throwing ball T how I should look at
that like um I was supposed to leave
about three and when they could have
yeah but we're gonna go what but on our
way to Malta whoa
and it's the first leg of the journey in
half a mile turn left onto a final one
thanks
so we'll catch up with you probably at
the airport where I hope that we're not
running late
okay little bit more awake I just wanted
to play you made it
you
oh why not rentals to my vlogs but yeah
we've come into the I examine everything
I just been chillin a little bit today
really and just with so nakid um just
didn't get any sleep I only got about
two or three hours of sleep so or like
my skin is breaking out and everything
for the plays anyway so yeah we went
like why they're all sorry um you like
went by the pool for a little bit any
key yeah I think I've gone crazy from
nursing delirious Oh
anyway we're gonna go and have some time
yeah get some tofu oh yeah yeah oh I
want a cocktail good yeah oh and I met a
really really lovely subscribers earlier
thanks for coming up so so so nice to
meet you and yeah outfit of the night
yeah so in the restaurant called the
blue elephant and the Hilton Hotel and
it's amazing
the everything behind me it's like
another world in here these are
unbelievable
hmm I don't know me like in about source
for that we be playing pool and usually
I went and this time I've been really
really pants but they just sort of lost
their let's see if you get them I'm not
over you are you've been good not easy
yeah
Oh
so it's day two and we just got actually
for it's quite late actually other day I
think it's like 11 or something and yeah
just have breakfast I don't all the way
we don't so quickly had a harmonica like
okay we're gonna go to the beach today I
think gonna get Jesse then I'm going to
come back I've never been on a jet ski
back there just in whoa
just came out from jet skiing and it was
really good and it was just wrinkled I
liked when you go really really fast
it's just simple and it was like 15
minutes but it went really really
quickly and it's so hot right now we've
come by the pool and it's just relaxing
and three girls came up to me say my
eyes thank you
we just had dinner and it was so good -
uncle
pepper Dino okay
oh my god it was so nice I definitely
recommend it
we would definitely recommend her I had
the fever I always have sleepers and
Jason had the the rabbit belly and I
tried a little bit and it was nice and I
thought rabbit would I wasn't sure about
rabbit because we used only Mike used to
own rabbits but yeah explain the taste
it taste so I would say it's a cross
between a veal and lamb and lamb is the
textures like a shoulder of lambs
it falls sort of apart in your mouth
it's really nice
yes we just got to last her the second
one a shake and we're going to go back
now when relaxed it was really it was
really
oh wait of New York oh yeah yeah and he
was saying how he loved his tattoo chest
has everything it was so nice and I met
some girls earlier no I think I remember
hello we're back now and I just thought
I'd show you guys what we got today I'll
see what we picked up but it wasn't that
much I just grabbed something first of
all oh my god it's so good it's so
 like they're really bad but
good okay and then and also like they're
not always easy to find that's why I was
like ah then we just live in the through
no you are now so yeah also as you guys
saw it she because I was just finishing
like the vlog and we got as well I got
distracted in honesty by jewelry and
there was this guy from Venice I can
never say it then Venice Venezuela
Venezuela and he had a lovely stall of
jewelry and then we saw this and it's
absolutely gorgeous and I've been
looking for one like the necklace like
this for so long but a really nice one
and it's a boar tusks and it's also gone
from India the balls from idea it's also
got turquoise stones in it and it's real
silver and so it's just amazing
look there's a wedding going on I bet
reading it's a wedding reception going
on outside so we can like hear music and
stuff if you can hear that also I took a
picture on my polaroid wide adjacent got
me for my birthday and isn't it cool
yeah it's so cool and it comes with a
little thing that makes it easy to take
selfies with as well and get things in
macro vision yeah okay we're going to go
to bed now or we also got food hmm
yeah okay I'll look Mortimer yes
it's my birthday today Oh went to get
breakfast again
I know we're still getting used to this
fish island it was perfect beautiful and
the camera I use Sony a 5080 wandered
got ready and stuff when I just went
around Melville and look this is a
present this morning little elephant oh
I didn't pick my nails boom but it's so
cool because now I have like a double
whammy necklace like I went trying to
rent quadbikes now so we can go to
Schlemmer or like different towns stuff
um and so we just put bike to Schlemmer
and we're just like checking on them I
got a cappuccino
so it's later on now and as you can see
we've changed everything
my dress is from hazel and really
something but yes so we're in Valletta
now and they're going to a lovely place
for dinner I don't know where it is yes
right
somebody excited but to get here we went
on a wall what was a good ol water taxi
yeah how about water taxi no it was
really fast it was really fun
you
and it's cool just here we can't believe
how pretty it is the buildings are
amazing and rich work yeah it's still
really hot even though it's about like
nearly half fine
yeah so we're just gonna walk around a
little bit of exploring vite
walking around everything for a little
while it's gorgeous
I'm taking the fish island it's been on
so long and yeah I'm just kind of
touched up when they got being a little
bit hot but yeah we're gonna go see I'm
really excited I've no idea what to
expect and all I know is the food is
like traditional water spooned so yeah
I'll talk when I'm there but yeah loving
it it's so like obviously it's kind of
Italian here but it's just the special
Italian high
so do you guys like my eyes I use this
Charlotte Tilbury I thought it's called
the roeckl check
ha
I just want to point out that I really
like this dress
it's remai torso I said but there's
these four women if you do buy it I
wasn't ready for that it's kind of
interesting but I don't know why they're
on it
how's it
you
I'm in my safe little island I hate Sam
around shade so I don't like burning but
look what I got next to me Sadler
I'm officially tanning I don't like it
oh just quite relaxing
hey guys so it's Monday night and I'm
like I think all day I've been a bit
three because that I asked my birthday
so like dammit I don't anymore but yeah
we've got all dressed up and everything
to come out and have drinks and dinner
mum mum hi mum my dress is from AIDS or
something and it's my ring or dinner X
from thanks all new Negroes hmm since
the first day here I met a lovely lovely
subscriber here called Katy and I might
have mentioned it before but she
actually left me a little birthday card
and a little present at our door this
morning and it's just so so sweet of her
and it makes me so grateful to have them
make it like the loveliest subscribers
ever and like after I read the card and
everything I I was thinking it's like I
have it's like you guys are just like my
friends because it's just amazing like
to go yeah it's amazing to go like to
another country and someone like knows
about you and things and it's just
really cool so yeah thank you Katie so
much it's so sweet of you and she wrote
suggestions of like where to go and
beaches and stuff in there as well
woah talking so much um so yeah that was
lovely
these drinks are really nice I'm
drinking something with lovely cocktail
vodka and amaretto
pineapple and stuff like that um oh I've
shown you guys to be already it's
amazing so this is the quartz tech bar
at the Hilton draw this anything-just
this is the nicest meter about what's
different about it do you know no idea
no we've just been watching it get dark
and all the lights going on it's so
beautiful here
and I want this yacht look at that huh
oh it doesn't look his big look that's
what she said
we wouldn't really recommend that
restaurant it was okay and you know
anyhow that's sure yeah you know when
you have enough pasta for ages
okay well like I don't eat pasta that
much and Pete's on the other hand that's
I'm stroke but pastor I haven't had for
ages so like when I have it I want it to
be like oh no words you don't like when
you have a noise or something and it
wasn't so I just like ah say yeah we'll
try different places the other nights
they should be good
ah so tired
get ready getting ready basically like a
squat
also tonic
notice tree standing structures in the
world yes
so we call face
I'm a patina
thank you
hey guys so it's Friday night I caught
him the last time I filmed I think
there's been quite a gap but the days
have gone really really quickly and
we've just been chilling and stuff and
eating stuffing our faces so this is my
outfit of the night um I don't know I
can see it because of the fish eyes
my top is drawn misguided it's just a
simple one I'll link it down below if
they still have it my skirt actually is
also misguided I just realized I think
their shirts lovely
so Jason thinks that I don't like it but
I do look at the colors lovely it has
palm trees son flamingos
hey guys it's the last night this is my
outfit of the night it's in a weird
mirror this one Primark where to talk
from me these nice it's all supposed to
be it's always like poison isn't it in
the UK believe it now
