having your first scrambled egg why what
do you think nice yes no I think you do
like it you're eating it little hipster
baby with your iPhone and they mm-hmm oh
she's ten months now oh my god I she's
my big comedy she's almost a year
hey guys it's Friday and today I've got
a whole day with little indeed contains
something I don't have her all day
because also my work in and stuff so I
thought we'd have a little day together
and all so I'm just feeding her on my
lunch this is one second this is like
I've just made it it's like a mixed
vegetable bed it's got a bit of potato
in and some couscous with it Oh
sometimes I give had a spoon in her hand
so that she can feed herself as she does
it in in to do it so I'm just feeding
her and then we're gonna head out and I
was thinking of taking her to a little
play like soft play area and then I've
got a few errands to run I'm still
trying to change my name like like
change update my passports change my
name and stuff like that so I have to go
and like post all that often it's such a
Pallava
and and you need to take some things
back to Topshop so I'm just prepping a
few snacks for her for work while we're
out I just feel like rule number one of
parenting is preparation and I just
always have got like I've made some
butternut squash last night for her so I
bring its mother
yeah you have to be prepared especially
with snacks and I have to try and get a
passport for it some of my self Jason's
not with me today so I'm just heading
out with her on my own and yes I've got
to try and do that with her I'm gonna do
it so yeah I'm going to try and bring as
many snacks as I can basically yeah
she's doing scrubbed is gonna face up
and it's me because it's almost like
she's being kind of manipulative you
know babies get to a certain age when
they know when you'll feel bad for them
and pick him up if they do certain
things and she's only like ten months
I'm like she's already going I always
thought her lunch out and then I should
get to eat myself so we've got butternut
squash raisins apple cheese I got this
bag recently and it was sent to me
actually from Matt a nut which is a
vegan like vegan leather brand
and so nice isn't it I love the color
it's such a good mom bag because I can
obviously chuck the loads and stuff in
here as well so I just wanted to share
that with you guys I don't have a bag
this big that this that's this color as
well so it's really nice right shall we
go to town shall we go and do stuff so I
was just in here parents paradise and we
had a bit of a play but I didn't want to
get my camera obviously those kids in
there and if you get a proper camera
everybody like what are you doing so now
I'm heading to town and I think there's
a little play area in town as well so my
shocker in there as well so let's run
some errands
Indy's having a little snaps and I've
got myself a tuna kado
run away home I've got so many errands
done today I'm so happy because I just
finally got the passport thing sorted
but it was such a long queue there was
only one guy doing me like disturbing
and I didn't realize how long it takes
for them to fill in the form and I was
standing there like I hate like I've
never been that one person that's
holding everyone up and everyone is like
oh my god
come on yes I felt really do you like I
don't know I feel really bad and all
good but also it's like well I need to
get this done so yeah how was that
person and yeah I got some film
developed as well so maybe I'll show you
guys some of that Andy's looking at me
like what are you talking about
so Indies in her new car seat is from
Cybex second year sucks other than so I
just wanted to tell you guys about this
new car seat because she used to have a
different car seat and she used to cry
always used to cry and cry and cry and
we just we thought it was the cost
because it was a lot more enclosed for
her but this one it's the Cybex I'll put
all the details down below it is so nice
because it's really nice and open for
her I don't if you guys can tell but you
know she's got a lot of room to check
out in to pull that tighter a bit more
there we go oh sorry yeah she's into
really comfy n air and yeah Thank You
Cybex because it's really helped our car
journeys oh my gosh dinner P so we're on
our way to central London and we're
gonna have a nice little day out aren't
we
she's really really tired so you can see
her eyes are so red she's really tired
but yes where's your share share that
with you guys and also it will grow with
her like it's gonna she'll be able to
fit in it for ages which is really good
haha it's the Sirona
m2i size isn't it
we've just got 200 just behind Oxford
Street and obviously we're going to go
for a coffee hunt and I need to get in
some lunch as well and she's really just
we got this little beanie for her from a
little shopping bar it's so cute you
tried to take it off of you do you like
your hat
once again we put in sweet soy seven
sticks in sushi we've gone array of
things a lot some black cod
just getting a hot chocolate from hotel
sugar long I got a hot shot it's so busy
in town hey guys it's Tuesday and it's
been a workday I've just been filming a
video and this morning we had a really
exciting delivery because we ordered
some bits from Zara kids for indie she's
got a few or some winter bits but she we
wanted to get her some proper coats and
stuff and then obviously once you start
looking you to see so many keep it so I
want to show you what we got for her so
it's a bit of a baby haul came in this
huge box so first you've got this little
knitted heart it's so gone let's get my
nails done
it's so cute this was 999 these are her
first little shoes first pair of little
shoes and then we've got some like knit
leggings which she'll just go with
everything
then we've got some tights cuz I don't
know if there's just a really nice
festive color and they look so cute with
this Christmas jumper I could raise
their jumper so cute and this was 1999
it's really nice and thick and we've got
some more leggings the quality of Zara
things are so good compared to a lot of
other stores
gingham trousers these are so cute and
they're really soft as well they're like
a little bit fleecy and it's a 1099 and
that Jason loves this hat I think she
might look a bit know what's it like a
trucker and then this is my favorite
favorite thing this is like a little
hooded jacket and it's very wooly and
then lastly is this little parker and
it's quite light as well so it seems
like we can all be easy for her to wear
jumpers underneath it and online it
actually looks a lot more yellow and
it's a bit more Brown than we thought it
would be but 2299 and its really nice
and practical and that's her little
awesome winter haul and I haven't shown
you guys this look this is going to be
Indies Halloween
Jim will probably like Instagram her a
little something but waiting for her to
get back from nursery so we can put her
in it it's Halloween today I didn't
mention excuse the message I was filming
in here earlier still lots of bits
everywhere but I thought I'd show you my
just really casual outfit of the day I'm
wearing this black dress from Urban
Outfitters I think it's too cold today
and I might wear a coat over this and
then I'm wearing our November night ray
jumper because it's nice and snuggly and
then I think I'm just gonna wear some
trainers because I can't be bothered to
wear heels or anything
whoo indeed I look
let's forget your spare there why we're
not leaving her alone with that sphere
in D oh my god what do I look so white
hey guys it is Thursday today and I'm
quite bare face because I'm off to going
get a facial
why Sicily encourages and obviously I'm
so excited because I haven't used that
many cysteine products before and I
haven't had a facial for ages like it's
not something I usually do that much so
you know really looking forward to it
and then I'm actually meeting Lucy Lucy
moon so yeah it should be quite a nice
day here we are just on time thank God
I'll let you guys know how it is
afterwards so they brought me into this
room to change into a robe look it's so
fancy this is where I'm keeping on my
business I was like 5 dude
sorry about the lighter from the TV but
Indies been taking some of her first
steps recently and I've been trying to
get them on the floor but it's is so
hard because whatever she's steps like I
don't know whatever I've got the camera
she doesn't seem to walk but I'm trying
to catch hey guys I'm just jumping in at
the end here because I realized I
obviously haven't wrapped this vlog up
properly I just want to let you guys
know how I got on with the Cicely facial
oh my god I think it was the best facial
I've ever ever had and it was just
amazing it was so relaxing I mean
because sometimes I like face was there
a bit more I guess intense on my skinks
I feel like it's really like getting my
skin going but this one was a bit more
of a it's a bit more of a delicate
facial but in a really nice way and it
was really relaxing it it almost I mean
it was kind of like a massage as well
like you know sometimes they massage to
the top of your body as well and she did
my arms and my hands oh my god I think I
fell asleep at one point but yeah highly
highly recommend the Cicely facial I
loved that I was such high low of my
week is the next week now but I'm just
kind of kind of rounding up last week
and uh yeah I met Lucy I met Lucy and
that was really nice we were just
chatting and chatting I just totally
forgot to get the camera out and I
always feel weird like getting my camera
out and pointing it in someone's face
even if there are another youtuber as
well but that was really cool hopefully
I'll see her again
here not too long and we couldn't like I
can vlog properly or something I'm gonna
try and be vlogging a lot more this week
or I think
might start doing like weekly vlogs will
until December anyway cuz I'm pretty
sure we're gonna do vlogmas yeah I
caught a few of Indy steps as well that
you guys saw and she's she's getting
even better now so hopefully we'll
capture more of that as well soon but I
finished editing this vlog upload it and
then I'll see you guys in the next vlog
of this week another thing before I go
that I wanted to mention Jason has been
doing some acoustic sessions on his
channel and it's just something a little
bit different for his channel I think he
has mainly focusing on you know the more
kind of cinematic sorts of videos then
he's got the podcasts like more chatty
videos and then he's also doing acoustic
sessions and the two singers he's done
he's filmed so far amazing I love them
that they're so talented so I'll show
you guys a little bit of that before I
go
Oh
me too slow you wanna tie
don't say
I've listened to her cry
far too many times
I've seen whirring around but she hit it
wears and you try
i link his channel down below so you can
check them out because yeah if you pre
appreciate amazing singers and acoustic
acoustic sex I guess then you'll
probably love those videos and they're
short so beautifully as well also
there's a new blog post up on my blog
check out my blog as well and follow me
on instagram if you're not I'm always
posting over there if you kind of want
to just watch what I'm doing daily then
just keep up state my insta stories as
well it's a story every day so yeah
anyway I'll go now thank you for
watching bye
