we're going to past it and waving in by
lady I'm gonna take him for a big walk I
think
and like go and have knowledge it's
really what today so hope he doesn't
overheat or something cuz you know how
French borders break down
it's very large
well I don't find just
that's a nice face camera you want stir
stick sit down sit sit sit down so we
were just assume of Riley and stuff and
then a pug passed and then he went
completely none and then just like
sprinted after the pug and then he left
the park and then he sprinted off the
pug again really hot today
oh it's got two icecream
it's dinnertime and we're sitting down
with some pizzas and or watching Vikings
if you haven't watched it watch it it's
really really good
it's from buzzin as a little girl and
yet I got the Napoli I think and this
Archon above it it looks really good
okay
the young French bulldogs NIST's the
chest lift sniffs the chair he is
cautious of any other activity that's
over he seems to a quarter cent or taste
on the sofa the young French Bulldog is
tired from a long day of walking around
tempted and then coming home and cooling
off he approaches the mother decides
that's it for today
paper mache hey guys it's Sunday we're
at Liverpool Street and we're gonna just
check out like Spitalfields market Brick
Lane
area we've never been here before
and it's like every omits styles of
cooking
there's a guy in instant I happy
thanksmas penguin which is really good
and then we're going to go quickly
everything I always talk about Vikings
because recently we actually oh I
mentioned it last night them oh yeah
we've got really into Vikings and let us
know if any of you have watched it or
not watching it because so many people
that have watched it yeah come to
Simmons I'm really pissed with rockin
are now very sure work Gail would say
why in case another Oh Chet but yeah
yeah it's good okay I want to say if you
like gamer friends you'd like it I think
that's true in the same but also it's
not there because you don't see like for
which I like like I mean it's insinuated
but you don't see
so Jason's after a rock nowhere and I
actually also like in the inference the
women are quite strong characters which
I really like you know I really like the
white their almost almost empowering do
you think she'll take over as the ruler
because she'll get pissed they'll be I
don't know what's gonna happen I think I
don't think so
okay so we've got fish tacos picture it
so something remember I thought were you
doing then I will
I didn't approve
Danu this is called pause and reader
that aquinas review was me I don't have
a mediocre but it was kind of a joke yes
it was worse than mediocre
well it wasn't personal all right like
the sangria was better than the sweet
thank you
we're going to show you this restaurant
that we spotted one day so where are we
um Lancaster so next to the LMS spa and
it's just off of new Bond Street look
how cute
okay I do a little outfit of the day so
just a quick one my cardigan is from
River Island my dress is from Oh licks
from writing we took this from American
Apparel and my necklace is from a little
shop on holiday thank you my shoes Doc
Martens hi hi oh hey hey guys so we're
back at home now and we just ordered
Chinese
ah starving and quite hungry and hey
guys I thought I had done the book here
because we're just gonna chill out like
relax and stuff and yeah we ain't kind
of waiting for it to get dark because we
want to like get into for watching and
stuff and does anyone like like I want
it to be winter getting dark so I can
like relax and I just want to show you
guys quickly what I bought today I got
this book because I've been searching
for it for ages it's I quit sugar for
life by Sarah Wilson it looks really
good
thank you for watching this vlog I hope
you liked it so it feels good it boring
and we'll see you next time
Stamkos
you understand that all this
