we just sat down importance of mysticism
people are playing
so
they're very nice here I forgot the name
but yeah it was really good light music
won't even see me
so any healthy fingers are in illustrate
and look at this this is Miranda to come
around Oh tell us about this so
basically everyone access to this
collection
oh this is so cute I have to get in
we've got a hedge trimmer so you can
trim in the hedge see oh my god
that's wings that's a way to place
hey guys happy hottest day ever it's
Friday the oh my god I know 18th of July
and it's bloody so hot by the way
you won we're wondering it wasn't about
my hair and there's the tube took I've
filmed a tutorial today for my hair so
if you wondered how I do it then that
will be up on my main channel I thought
that this weekend we could vlog Jason I
and rolls because I never like look the
weekend properly I feel like I kind of
always do bits and bobs and it's a bit
messy
and this might be messy - but I haven't
kind of consciously trying to do a
little vlog over the weekend today I've
just been doing loads of work and stuff
I'm knackered like I'm so brain dead but
on the computer all day I'm saying and
it's been like I'm melting in the heat
I'm not built for their London heat so
yeah and then tonight we're gonna go and
see Canon of the Apes Oh actually we're
gonna make burgers Jason to make them
and we're gonna see Planet of the Apes
I'm so excited I've been waiting for
this film for so long so I love the last
one so I'm just waiting for Jason to
come back home do you like my flowers
whoa the thumbnail if I look they're
looking at the flowers cuz here okay
anyway I'll vlog when Jason's here bye
well you have to be my t-shirt because I
don't wanna be naked for that is that
lovely viewers hi everyone I just got
back from work I'm here with Royals and
I'm gonna cook dinner for salmon oil and
we have a shower because we're gonna go
see the new plan of the Apes film which
I am really excited about cuz I love
playing the Apes can I say you made me
vlog she made me vlog
thanks gonna hit boys pretty
self-explanatory
okay sauce I have just invented these
cheddar cheese chives and garlic
and I feel thoughts up
and some truck bacon polluting with some
alluvium some steak burgers I don't know
I made the salad
so it's like a little good balance
artichoke which is just from M&S I got
yesterday and I really liked it so not
there then I made a new kind of basic
salad so it looks all messy but it's
just cuz I made it like and I've been
chucking it about and then there's a
relish that Jason's made hey what's
happening
oh yeah that'll cowboy - I know what you
meant no there's too much Halloween just
my purpose of achievement alarians
oh that's a lunar base what's your
favorite cheese comment down below
because we have conversations about it
and so believe me and Jason's favorite
cheese mine I think is I love I love
feta I think more than I like believe me
it's just amazing and I loved a good
cheddar Riley what's your favorite
cheese Riley Riley I'm asking you a
question it's quite rude Riley Riley
favorite cheese go so maybe fresh oh
please okay this is what's happening I'm
gonna dig in thank you I think that this
alumi tastes like quavers so I told
Jason assets remember the advert like
waver falls out the window and it's
floating to the floor which is totally
like unrealistic
I guess it's cotton and then he has to
run down stairs before the Cueva hits
the floor yes so one always going to see
plan updates angel and
yeah I really can't forward to it
because I don't have acceptance we're
hoping there's not too much traffic but
kids are kind of running a no-quit with
the toilet yeah we are I don't have to
update there or after the film anyway
that's easy
yeah it was really good I thought but we
weren't sure about the ending but
overall it was really good I give it
like a 9 out of 10 8.5 not just
comfortable I would give it a generous
7.5 it was enjoyable
it kept me engaged I was very and
compared to other shitty films Hamish
seen recently it was very good
maybe it's good and Cesar's really it
was good Caesar was so good and I liked
the guy yes I don't understand that
that's right I've had a man crush on him
since he was in Millis Louis yeah now
we're gonna chill I think I got a bit
hey guys it's Saturday morning and I've
been up for quite a while now I'm just
about to have like a mini breakfast I
made like granola and oat milk and stuff
starving company in anything and then I
think gonna go out I oh okay so yeah I
don't know what we didn't say but um oh
look
okay I'm quite hungry not gonna lie
so we're on our way to the street and I
just film this and silly thing but yeah
we're gonna go and get some food and
some coffee and stuff and we're having a
nightmare like driving around and trying
to park but hope you'll get this
I am burger
digging in
much more whiners Christmas decorations
on this tree it is kind of the middle of
July but cool wiser
it's called legends so he just tried to
execute it which is a really cool store
just behind Hobson sprayer and like you
guys just saw Colbert but the store is
just not the story more than we were
like what's happening and he was like
sorry they shot it they shut it down for
now for a few days because they're
filming something there yeah and then
and it is this girl
there's committee called legend and
about the Kray twins which it's gonna be
the film that Tom Hardy's sighing yeah
we were cool yeah so weird but they
changed the whole street to a set which
is pretty cool
oh my god
little marketplace that I just met I
produce really awfully though hires
really nice to meet you and my camera
sucks this is the street we found it was
the weirdest market we
good
or even tasting the pocket marking the
dog-walking rolls because um you need to
be warped and yeah just going to this
little park bit but I was thinking so
Chum s stays looks a lot and you know
like how Reggie it's like work work work
I was thinking why you should have one
Riley should have a wok so let's give a
guy always made a bit of a pickle with
this need um Riley this way this way
come on round no trout I reckon mine I
don't know I've been thinking about it
cuz it could be like walk the walk talk
the talk but if he doesn't really talk
maybe mine could be walk in the dark
just walk in the dark if anyone's
listening to me right now sonic um not
so good there's no one around I also
have been wondering something like I
wonder this quite what do you guys do
when you're walking your dog because
like it's nice sometimes when you're not
doing anything you're just like
listening to the world happen but it's
like sometimes I listen to music or i
watch youtube videos but is there
anything else you guys do I've like
listen to an audiobook before that was
really good and the grater
what do you do while you're walking your
dog to kind of make it entertaining for
you come on so we got Indian takeaway
which you don't usually get so excited
yeah we've never had this really
hilarious they're giving us one more
just one bearing me oh my god mmm
chicken korma chicken tikka masala
Oh a lentil thing I thought it's good
Riley
they are Saturday night
which in a pursuit of happiness
hey guys so it's so it's Sunday morning
and so we just picked up our clusters
and we're gonna go okay this is rerun
we're going to help us fight weeks I've
downgraded from my motorboat so it's a
piece around so yeah well hope they're
looking for my bike yeah we can avert it
for survive pass them film them low I
can't see what's filming what is this
there has been a moment he's dead yeah I
really wanna put my animal that's a nice
car oh that's cool let me zoom in also
right he needs a bed because he's he
when he gets bought he likes to rip his
bed up and it's the one that we got for
him ages ago and he was young and so
it's kind of just abysmal now let's get
a big one and I want to get one of those
ones that look like a big cushion kind
of so we see okay we're here now so I've
fallen for this one oh my god is so nice
she can't even really tell from her but
it's this black one actually look it's
the one she was riding in this prototype
which I didn't even realize it's in our
Jason so can rehearse one
that's cute I think I look too girly for
me but it's so cute
okay so now I'm we've just got bikes but
we have to wait until they get maids and
stuff and come back on like Wednesday we
tried it today but no there's guinea
pigs always are the rabbits choice oh
those look it's for Reggie finds us
maybe a bit bigger look what I found
this is hilarious that's gonna really
annoy me some of my favorite villains
yes I'd love a snake for a guy it's got
my salad though that is gourmet we're in
Hisense now we're still looking for
doughnuts let me be quick I found a
frigate
well I'll tell you that I'll have a
friend who Shaun frigate it's a very
dear friend of mine but always happy and
then I thought this pillow is gorgeous
and I like this even though it's full
Stowers my mum would kill me but it's
really cute so I was getting carried
away I think that personally yeah Riley
do you like your new friend no I think
he likes him let invite him
Alice mummy got ya a bed success Oh
are they alright you do your thing we
have a new little addition to the place
and it's this guy oh we don't have a
name from actually but it's from Jersey
dreams which is an online store and they
do like jewelry and things so they're
women so we're going to do men's and
they have a few really cool bits and
bobs like that
we just went to the gym you gonna make
dinner and then I think I'm gonna fall
stays and watch the help hope you all
had a really good weekend as well do you
want to say bye or anything ah cute
everyone's commenting on my Instagram
before we go we both wanted to make
something really really clear because
some things are just getting out of hand
like on Instagram and things and I don't
want to like throw anything out so
that's why I haven't said much but we
don't support any any suffering or
killing or anything like I mean since
we're sorry we put that you look up and
everything and I honestly was just like
I I had a chance to visit a different
country also we went over there before
the recent incident of the three boys
that were killed and everything like
that it's not like we were going over
there like your support or promote
anything negative at all it was just
like to visit it was just to visit
family and there was no bad intentions
at all a lot of people are thinking that
I'm like pro this and against that I'm
not like that as a person I'm just like
peace of love man I wanna see so yeah
we're just getting into getting attacked
a lot and I just got a shower some
pretty wet hi everyone I just say I
don't think it's fair that everyone's
attacking Sam on her social media or
about the conflict in the Middle East
because she's her she's a beauty blogger
and a fashion blogger and it's got
absolutely nothing to do with with what
she does
he's licking the panel and if you have
any feelings about it which I'm sure a
lot of people do go and go into a forum
and put your views there but it's not
right that you comment on on all of
Sam's videos that she works really hard
to try and and Entertain You lines
sorry I was going to say I have never
it's never been my intention
upset anyone you can all continue to
attack me or if you don't give a shit if
you want to comment on my stuff please
feel free but yeah leave Samuel oh thank
you
so anyway I wanted to end this
positively and we don't want like tons
of arguments in the comments and stuff
but everyone's always gonna have their
view on things I know that's it anyway
I'm just want to say that and Riley stop
eating hope you guys like this we're
gonna chill now and stuff in school
don't take drugs maybe just once oh boy
