hey guys so I've just got dressed and
stuff it is Thursday the 10th of July
that was really and today I'm just gonna
be like working and things and it's not
very exciting day at all sometimes I
just get a little bit like oh I've got
loads of stuff to do but like in the way
of there's not anyone for me to around
for me flight talk so I kind of thought
why not look and you know I feel like
I'm talking good Oh since that like I'm
gonna be seeing people tomorrow Friday
which is great I think I like going out
and stuff I might go out today actually
and if I do obviously I'll bring you
guys along but today I it's a bit of a
dull one and the weather outside is
really Poulet me show you both it's very
gray there's Royals rainy I'm in
thinking about she doing a video about
talking about French bulldogs and about
owning one and any kind of tips and
stuff but I I wouldn't make it like this
is exactly what you have to do and these
are the rules because I'm not like the
person anyway I thought it could be a
handy for some of you guys that may be
thinking about getting a Frenchie or
something um let me know um so I've just
had breakfast I had my usual breakfast
of like granola almond milk and did you
know that the rude health almond milk I
mean has like one or two percent almonds
in it it's and the rest is rice rude
help that's a lie that's an exciting
life learning about milk okay so I think
I might change what I'm wearing today
because it's really casual it's just
this jumper and then leggings but
there's just one of those days okay I'm
gonna do some emails and I'm gonna need
to finish editing my lookbook video
which will be going up today and I will
update so I've been doing emails and I
finished editing my video and stuff so
that's taken about two three hours yeah
why are you waiting for us walk you see
and I just got the phone to taste in
like I don't really I need to walk him I
don't feel like going up so when is
horrible and I feel a bit like I get
anxious and things quite a lot like if
things are coming up I've got something
to do that involves like something so
shorts and oh I gotta have an outfit of
package like the best the best little
pick me on that chain I'm going to open
it on camera and then tell it show you
like show you guys my reaction i order
to keep its and pop that really caught
my eye I hope I don't know if this is
good or like good type thing or anything
probably not great lighting okay I got
this tartan shirt which is oversized
yeah it's really nice okay I'm really
excited to wear that oh yeah
can never have enough ATAR too much time
30 pounds oh it smells very vintage oh
okay I got some denim shorts but then
I'm sure see I usually have to pick them
like choose them in person cuz I'm
really really picky but
Oh Levi's actually they're nice in the
camera oh I never get invited to
weddings but I got this midi skirt which
is a lace midi skirt oh my god the stuff
they're gorgeous that they do I want to
stall this I want to put like a bike I
want to put loads a bug it's great to
throw over anything and just keep you
warm and cozy I'm not getting paid to do
this point away I've just like the
package just actually came now so I
might as well it looks like that I'll
link all these things down below there
just in case such a like an impromptu
haul today no Riley loves like when
there's new stuff around you like a good
sniff oh oh okay I'm gonna pop out one
of those Starbucks and get something to
eat I don't know they don't really have
food but I'm really hungry so I wanna
get something to eat maybe get like a
hot chocolate or something and yeah I'm
on this camera it's the Canon LEGRIA
mini you know what you think I think
it's really cool so I'm going to
take this out with me and it doesn't
even look like a camera kind of so it's
kind of interesting so yeah I'm just
shutting off and I'm gonna go and oh and
also I'm going to do some more work in
Starbucks or so I'm gonna take my out
top so yeah
I feel more like I had like this what
would you call it I'm not a conference
call but like a call that I had to do
and I get petrified about like talking
on the phone basically I mean I've said
this before but I get very very anxious
about it but I made myself do it like I
said in my comfort zone video because I
was like no just do it because I put it
off before just because I was like
nervous and I'm totally fine it's just
like I said in my video about kind of
thinking it will be worse than it is so
I'm really happy with myself I did it
and it was fine and I don't know I just
felt like kind of lugging this even just
to look back out when I'm feeling when
you know this again and yes so yeah I
went Starbucks has something today and
yeah so it's still really kind of Puri
outside but it stopped raining so I'm
gonna I'm going walk Royals because he's
been in all day blessing and yeah but I
just wanted to say I think I said this
before but I mean I love the quote do
something every day that scares you and
just before I did the call I said to
myself remember do something every day
that scares you and I'm happy that I did
it and Jason was always really really
supportive like he was trying to like
call me tell his little before and just
remind me that I'll be fine and stuff
but anyway I think I think I I think I
might go to Central's woods and walk him
a little bit around there because it's
really nice around there and I might go
and get my car or something and I have
look kind of a little like pat on the
back to do the phone call because
honestly I was getting almost like teary
and kind of wanting to cry and stuff so
um yeah why not why not
Riley wookies
okay he's not perfect
Riley go walkies walkies yeah yeah yeah
let's go
Oh dog voice it must be so ugly
why so I thought I didn't have my vlog
camera with me the whole trip and then
it was in my bloody pocket I got the
home that's good I know i'm just poking
well yeah oh we look so cute because
Riley's head was at the door cuz Jason
picked us up and I'm in the car and I
was like oh damn it I forgot my camera
oh I met two really really lovely
no three really lovely girls though what
I was sitting at Pratt and hi it was
really nice to meet you sorry Riley
wasn't nutter
now we're gonna chill for a little bit
and then have dinner Riley what's to go
outside okay bye
hello okay so I'm popping out and I'm
going to see you Lily clip from lily
pebbles or what I hot today and yeah I'm
excited to go out man and then go to
London oh I got a few bits and bobs to
buy as well and some like organizational
things like folders exciting things like
that
so yeah I'm I need to leave I need to
leave um it's Riley one of the things
that I need
I've looked this street before I can't
remember but I absolutely love this
street like this is Monmouth Street and
I just think it's so cute these vans are
covering up the shots but it's had
really really quaint and colorful
yeah I actually want to go in here and
get her face powder
I don't have time I don't have time do
you like my skirt mr. Mervyn Outfitters
we're loving a circle
so now I'm just heading to get some
lunch after I've been running a few
errands and things and I'm really hungry
even that brownie was bloody delicious
that we have there more than coffee yeah
might get another
but I just got a Frenchie okay so many
ways that it's a weird looks
I'm kind of on my way home now I might
stop us and shops
yeah I need to get home I need to walk
Riley and then later I'm going to see
Jenny I haven't seen Jenny for ages
you came challenge that I just met two
lovely viewers lovely to me I just met
see really really lovely girls and then
also another girl they said they don't
have to go is chop chop over home
my name but then it's not good idea but
that girl had a phone case wrong
I might looks about same case that girl
should I go home what should I think why
should I waste money or go by
I need some jeans
how cute is this
I really like it just got to Jenny's
that was a bloody look try if there's a
little traffic because it's like the
time of day but yeah I'm feeling a
little bit carsick actually like a bit
sick and stuff so yeah I'm really
excited to see Jen it's been ages so
creepy yeah hi I know it's like I'm in
hallo back in Harrow and like I'm
walking with Jenny and we're going
places are you like I grew up her aunt
it's so weird like that older the
Outlander I used to get busy sweets roll
off to school and then in here I think I
used to do brownie things and look
there's actual brownies no they Scott
yelling up brownies it was brown uniform
okay and at this old school I delivered
some old people some green salad in case
it you wanted today it might have been
your pet grandparents look at our salad
this is amazing and they're kicking
salmon
pan-fried
just got back home and yeah I really
like type in a good way it's been a
really really good day and like so
different to yesterday you know like
going out and seeing some people and
stuff oh and I'm so so nice to see Jenny
and just like catch up and talk about
other times than walk Alfie with hair
and stuff sorry I feel like so so naked
in the car on the way back I was jamming
all the naughties like nineties
naughties R&B songs and I was like every
single one I was like yeah so yeah whoa
I'm gonna probably change eat some
chocolate and going to sleep at some
point I'm not sure when Jason's back but
yeah I hope you guys like this video
this vlog and yeah I will see you guys
next time
