okay just come into the room my stuff
down and I wanted to do like an initial
I wanted to do an initial reaction to
the room okay so it's pretty dark I just
got in do it so this is the room oh this
is so fancy so this is the Pasha el
hotel or something and there's a outside
oh wow it's so fancy there's me in the
mirror you know I look like such stay
awake so casual whatever I travel cash
oh that's a boss I'm in Ibiza and yes
this is the beginning I look a bit rough
been on the plane and everything I was
so like it was so crazy and everything
to vlog Elliot but I'm gonna shower
freshen up we're all going out to Pasha
and just you know experience it's you're
just like and stuff I'm really really
sleepy those I don't know how long I'll
stay out but yeah it feels really lovely
really cool and bloody stunning and it's
like just s style that's amazing so yeah
I've got to run and get ready I don't
catch up with you guys in a little bit
but maybe I'll go away for him because I
can't take this big Oscar and Pasha but
yeah um yeah so excited to be with
Patricia as well because she's just I
love Patricia so yeah okay boy but hey
this is what I'm wearing
she goes Pasha and it's not very like
crazy copy but um you know this is me my
necklace is urban outfitter
no no necklace is shot Dixie dress is a
sauce boots are from a store in a store
a store in Melbourne so yeah Oh bag is
vagabond so yeah
I'm off out when I go and knock on
Patricia's door Peter town
and I'm here with Ryland to jump and
we're Texas in Christ shape at the
moment
thankfully everyone getting gorgeous
cocaine and it sounds so good to be here
I absolutely have a love obsession and
it's very pretty
the
so now they're going to go Island damn
it
I'll disclose because somewhere else
today's a glove
yes sorry
so we're going into a restaurant and
entertainment picking Billy oh
absolutely
to
and why
so we leave it now it is Saturday in the
morning morning and I'm here at the
destino Pasha hotels and yeah it's been
so I was so amazing last night we went
to a place with Leo and there was like
entertainment
yes my mother
I'm styling out for three yeah it's
funny absolutely I've never been as you
so I'm at this bar now and I have my
massage I'm not a amazing oh my god I'm
in another world I'm just gonna catch
some rays and then we're gonna have
lunch
okay what would you miss that hi okay we
Sam what we just what we're doing here
as you can see close-up all nicely
compact already for her lovely hair
extensions face become a good I just oh
I don't mind
whatever there you go Sam quick free 16
okay it's we finished
my amazingamazing address voila
all done Sam is ever so patient puts up
with my badness gorgeous
pretty soon bigger
you
