so yeah I have enough for a few days and
this way it's gone really really quickly
but since last time bryony's have snip
oh please in the crew night Saturday and
we're gonna make burgers instead and
then we're going to go out later so oh
you're pretty full cuz you'll go nuts
no it won't we can up wedge it into a
corner we didn't eat for a while this
morning solitude grunting and then we
got coffee we're just good I have this
phone case that is a charger and I think
it's real cool I got it from
Amazon so Jason's doing the meat on the
barbecue like a man I'm doing the salad
so yeah
Riley's fine let's get Boyd in mind even
for a little while but a very quick easy
way to clean the barbecue to the onion
oh is it gonna hurt you
oh yeah make sure it's on a low flame
Nayla that's it okay Thomas anyway but
oh what did you do what's right for a
nice cute party right
sit down what we done what have you done
wait we'll be done have you done will be
done are they know if you give me a high
five
our accepts your apology high five yeah
wake up on Sunday quite lei and then we
all made breakfast we had I made my
first ever bacon and eggs but I hadn't
made them before and made them both
together before so that was a bit of an
event because I kind of nearly burnt the
bacon anyway it was nice guys so it's
Sunday morning well early officer date
now
so my outfit today i've got on my zara
zara just plain white shirt and i've got
my one a raid band posters and my bag
which is from the old retro ages ago
oh really Stephanie baby but underneath
the shirt is are some shorts from Zara
and they're stripy and then my dope
Martin shoes
gosh I'm obsessed with yeah went up to
London
we're going to Oak Street because Abby
Roza driver
oh here's the zebra of Fame
but she goes
might see a play called East Street East
Street which is up near Tottenham Court
Road just like a road or two down which
is pan-asian so food from all different
areas of Asia so we just need some yeah
so we're really
and we might try to make those going to
try make carbonara
I want to show you guys they play under
man on the projector
Japan China Malaysia Vietnam Philippines
and everywhere so yeah that was really
good I had fun I think it was my first
for and it was really nice I've got the
chicken fur quite glad to Bent cookie
we both had that I think my white my
white my favorite Ben's cookie is the
white one it's so good because I'm like
a white chocolate lover and so we had
that went home and then we what what did
we do
we watched big fish Oh made carbonara
spaghetti carbonara which was my first
one and first time making it so that was
also eventful and then I just completely
clocked out Jason carried me to the
bedroom that sounds wrong but I was just
tired I just thought I'd wrap up this
vlog and yeah I hope you guys have liked
it I've got to take my to the vet for a
checkup so I'm gonna do that are you in
the cone of shame
okay so I look like a perfect state I've
really got a little bit of foundation on
but I'm just looking Riley I just went
to pick up a juice because I left like
really quick this morning because I was
late for getting checked off at the wrap
because of infirmities been castrated
and yeah it's just little checkout but
I'm really happy because I thought you'd
have to have the cone on for ages but he
doesn't and I can take it off him like
just when I'm around him and stuff think
I'll wrap up this vlog seen those so oh
you know people just saying hello that's
what they do in other countries and I'm
always like oh they should people should
smile more in London and England and
when someone's I'll smile at you you're
like what a weirdo but then I'm a smiler
what's he's doing is like walking under
the trees to believe yay
but maybe I'll enter I hope you guys
have liked this vlog and I'll try to do
them like every week
