hello I have a new looking camera and
this is really interesting okay I want
to vlog today because voice wrong with
me I really want to build today because
I'm going to this kind of like this more
than event but restaurant is opening in
Windsor which is where I used to live
and like where my family lives at the
moment whoa I like this lighting and
yeah it's caught this the real Creek so
there's a few of them open already like
dotted around London and stuff and yeah
I was asked if I want to go and I'm a
bloody foodie does that mean you're good
at food or you're obsessed with you
because I'm obsessed with food but I
don't know if I'm greater making it
anyway so I could be going with my
family cuz I yeah I asked my family if
they'd like to go because they're I'm
area and stuff so I thought why not look
you know the camera I'm using is a Sony
it's like a 5000 I'll put it down below
so you guys can check out on the
crossbar and oh outfit if I can show you
guys an outfit I don't know how it will
work in this low light okay so my outfit
big hair or my lips is mac flat out
fabulous I'm wearing this crop top from
a sauce which looks like that these
trousers are from misguided a little bit
big for me but I don't care with a
pocket my shoes are vacant buns from
Urban Outfitters I put that down below
I'll just take my polaroid and my
cardigan is from Urban Outfitters I live
in this I must - I'm a bit late I want
to wait to get out before rush hour
because the roads will be horrible at
around 5:00 so got my bag and I'm gonna
leave
and I'll catch you guys on the flipside
okay
so new to the floor where I'll film from
a proper topical properly it was written
the rest
Oh shall I like eat the camera I mean
looks like three
