hey guys so I'm filming this one up a
little bit differently to how I usually
do my vlogs yesterday I had such a cool
opportunity they went to the George
Graduate Fashion Week and it was hosted
and sponsored by George Asda and yeah so
I had the opportunity to go and I went
to see the best of graduates show best
off from all the different universities
around the country so it was so so cool
and I got to meet loads of you guys and
the show was awesome I wasn't even
expecting to like you know so many
collections as much as I did so check
out the mum's eye view channel which are
linked down below and I linked here for
my video I filmed a video also of that
from the day over on the moms I huge had
also check that out it's a bit more
behind-the-scenes of me like talking and
doing everything well I was there on a
day yesterday I was editing and things
most of the morning I walked wryly that
I came home rushed and some lunch cause
I was hungry and then I had to literally
run to the train station to get the
train I'm just a mouthful street so I'm
in London and I'm heading my way over to
you I think it's kind of the new station
is Shoreditch High Street and yeah it
should be a really good day I'm gonna go
and see a fashion show
should be really excited I've been
through a few fashion shows but I don't
know it so it will it's always cool to
go to different types of one-seater some
Styles everything this is
this from pot woods thinking looks a bit
weird well no looks lucky but I wasn't
sure but it's actually really good I
recommended it was held in justly Brick
Lane it was the old truman fury I think
it's called and yeah so I had I headed
down to East London I got there and then
we I just had to wait to get my tickets
and everything so while I was doing that
I just had a little shot of my outfit
also Diana Vickers adds another go I
didn't know who it was actually were at
the the shop front next to the next to
the show and so that was really cool
like there everyone all the paparazzi
was snapping them and everything I head
into the show went straight through to
the to the what am I saying
to the catwalk show where the show was
being held and it was really really cool
because I was sitting like second right
back but I was just behind where the
judges were sitting where who were
obviously judging everything
oh yeah the show started there was quite
a few different run throughs and it was
really cool it was a very it was a big
mix of vibrant dark more gothic kind of
pieces lace pieces there was the show
the show with a lot of the black items I
really really liked was was Hannah
Duncan I obviously loved the pieces that
in her collection for the kind of autumn
winter looking pieces and there was
leather there was lace there was like
kind of a feathery always looking
textured outfit there was lace
worn over the face and everything it was
really cool I really liked it there was
a few collections that I didn't like as
much I guess that's just normal
there was one that kind of looked always
farmyard inspired which I I liked bits
off like wearing a cardigan over things
like big chunky cardigans and things but
some weren't my favorite I didn't love
the denim collections but that's just my
style I mean that's just my my view and
everything some bits and bobs I really
liked especially the
you don't doc martens that sorry my
discussion at the door that I like the
ones that I was wearing on a day I also
like the shoes that were I just spotted
them on within one of the shows there
but she's that kind of laced up Ramsey
leg other collections I absolutely loved
were Camilla Grimes absolutely amazing
colors amazing layering it was kind of a
mix of sporty items like bomber jackets
and things but with sequins and with a
like cartoon stars on and her did ID
service I was just like really really
cool I loved it I loved the mix of
textures and I just loved the color
palette as well and then also I really
liked Thorin lake even though I didn't
know it was real fur apparently it was
real fur that she used for it I'm not a
real fur fan at all so I didn't realize
that when I hit stack rant and everyone
was going nuts but just the clothes like
if it was full spur that'd be great but
I like tick like instagrams
you know that and another the other
texture that I really liked yeah that
was awesome amazing lengths I loved
seeing white leather
I'm really excited that that is kind of
a thing and I spotted some people
wearing it as well on the day just like
walking around and stuff just amazing
visually I mean amazing and the last
shot the show the last collection as
well was very kind of pauper cartoon
inspired like 3d fold so that was really
cool as well I love that so yeah the
show was just awesome and I'm really
really thankful to have gone and sort of
been able to sit in there because these
things are all very kind of like all you
have to be someone to be in there so I
always feel really lucky to - yeah go
and get a good seat and you know it's
not like I put anything towards it but
yeah also just after the show some of
you guys like some of my viewers came up
to me and we'll asking for a place and
things which was so safely and I
absolutely loved meeting you guys and I
have to apologize it feels a little bit
out of it
because I was so kind of hot and faint
feeling after the show that I felt like
I just wasn't myself but yeah you guys
were so so nice and I also bumped into a
girl called Sarah afterwards who was
kind of just everything she was saying
was so sweet about how I've kind of
helped her with self-confidence and
things so high it was just nice to meet
all of you you are all so nice
say hi in this look I'm looking I went
into the media lounge I went I walked
around to see all the kind of design
work of this show and it was amazing
okay
I'm picking a look at the fine
pretty cool news so just
especially effectively
I'm not wearing anything
I didn't
the inspiration the materials the pieces
all the different universities there
were there were like interactive areas
there were the portfolios laid out the
designs laid out really cool people as
well just here and there I absolutely
loved it for just street style you know
looking at people star I just loved that
my old uni was there as well so captain
Solon who they actually have some
nice-looking pieces on their display
they were quite All Saints looking
almost also Bills of George stand there
as well which had like I think they were
having talks and information on how to
do certain things within in the fashion
industry they were selling their own
t-shirts and everything which looked
actually really cool they were quite
cheap as well we're just good and
afterwards I came outside and I met a
few more people which was really really
cool and then I head on home just do it
it was a really really cool experience
so yeah if you want to see you know me
vlogging it style in the flesh then
that's over there channel like I said so
yeah I just sorted through a little
roundup of the day I bloody loved it so
thank you to George and thank you to
everyone that made it possible for me to
go I just always really really
appreciate it
and yeah if you want to subscribe to the
mums iview channel I will link it down
below thank you guys for watching I'll
put everything in the down before I'm
wearing my necklace is from shot Dixie
it's the Crusader necklace and I
absolutely love it and I'll see you in
my next one
