it's Monday mornin and it was my first
time having sex ever so I was a little
bit like should I just stick to what I
know I was like and it was like okay it
was nice but I'm not used to the texture
it's lovely tush what if this shot the
other day and now it's open you
they have such lovely dresses yeah yeah
I think so it's have a root hey guys so
it's so weird me in fashion we just
filled with filming like my channel and
then we just bumped into have really
really loved me like random following
this and then I've just seen her in a
hostel my first question was why I wish
I wish we were Oh probably me Bruce
it's really nice to me use that hey guys
I just want to say it was really really
lovely meeting Brenda and that she also
said that her friend watched me I think
her name was Kiva so sorry I forgot that
wrong but I just wanted to say hi to you
as well because it sucks that I couldn't
meet you but thank you for like watching
my channel and everything now I'm just
gonna change me quickly and we're gonna
head out and get something bear food and
like drink and stuff cause we're a bit
knackered okay look you guys pause this
pause this and read it now okay vague
we've been waiting for this place to
open there's so much especially fees on
even though you like fake
Johnson's also some people like to do it
he had something strike what a bit helps
us to get the better vibration if you
distribute the smaller digit is usually
your lips are a bit tighter and a bigger
one so this with a slower more relaxed
so people often us we just want you to
try on that it's basically the type of
sound that you might be like a higher
distribute then which is time to dinner
and we were looking at where to go and
this place cool shipwrecked Brandon and
Gina have been too you know
Angie I love you snipe in here and we're
going in there
in the room
kind of having our last coffee like
maybe no probably an ago but yeah yeah
just
or like perhaps Amerigo billion like
patching the last few rays from the Sun
do you like my coconut really is so good
that's not it went to that restaurant as
you guys saw
we're a bit like
yeah like we were like oh because I
guess we were going there that wasn't
like Brad and Angelina and stuff because
the food wasn't like amazing my fish was
very nice to like the food okay isn't
great and then like I got a cocktail it
was like I'm not even like like a really
classy person but it was like slushy
rich necks slushy at the sample
everything and it's didn't I just could
have drink here yeah so I went over to
the bar and kind of politely was just
like um I'm I'm sorry I'm not enjoying
this like could I change it for anything
else she was like no it's what you
ordered and I was like yeah but I'm not
enjoying the chain which is like yeah
it's what you put it's what you ordered
okay well she wouldn't do anything so I
was like oh you know southern is rude so
I wouldn't suggest the ship if it were
the ship bro
see foods if you come here whatever
you did not obtain but so is really good
the breakfast hair I recommend this
place and the staff were really nice as
well
so yeah
Oh
and
we're also finding
for the
hey guys we're at Singapore Airport
again you might recognize this from like
first date maybe not all but yeah bloody
States sorry like rice Skinner's thought
but yes they were here for about three
hours or so
and I took a sleeping pill on the play
them like slept knocked out for about
seven hours which is amazing GG I can't
see
and ya know waiting frog playing to
Heathrow so yeah food and maybe some
good look Jason knows this camera
spotted but I think we saw a better one
with in a Portobello market it's pretty
cool
life is like barbecue
got my back right London Heathrow
Terminal three it's about four o'clock
or something and I'm just writing I've
got well I'm just gonna freshen up and
interrupts I can see Jason I think is
still in every way
Lucilla texting
to back hey guys so I'm back at home now
finally and Jason came and picked me up
from the airport and he came with
because I asked for this like at home
like the one thing that I just felt like
having was the Ben RJ's peanut butter
ice cream
so when I saw him first thing I saw was
this at the airport and he bought me
that ice cream iced so amazing and yeah
so we've just got back and yeah he has
some surprises waiting for me as well
and now they're gonna like eat and I
probably should sleep but not sleep
until later yeah
and I got some things for use on baby
you know I don't know it's like I've
just seen riding against unwarlike
and Riley right II know he's cooking
he's giving him in uber yeah so yeah the
whole thing was amazing and such a good
experience everything and I'm really
thankful to have gone and experienced
Australia and everything so I'm it
really weird like I'm wearing a hat yeah
yeah I'm too tired to like say I prefer
goodbye
oh yeah we're just tired I might add a
bit more on later but mmm we'll see but
thanks for watching The Australian's
looks oh hi you gotta say bye as well
strange for me to read that list because
that stage I didn't know there was
something wrong and I read that and at
the top of it was a title that said
symptoms of depression
