but no idea when this will go up but I'm
having a night stay over at the Hoxton
Holborn I never usually get anything
mixed up like that but I went over to
the Shoreditch one and yeah but now now
I'm at the right one yeah it's so nice
in here it's such a nice little room
courtesy of this works who I love is
that this works pillow spray every
single night without fail I always
travel with it everywhere I go
anyway I'm just I'm a huge fan of this
works but yeah so they've just put me up
for a night I just thought it was a nice
chance to kind of get away and have a
little bit of a mum get away so I'm
meeting Tasha and Tasha green and we're
gonna go to dis soon because I've been
once and ah my god it was amazing so I
really want to go back and I'm making us
go there um I try and really come with
me maybe I'll get a few shots but we're
probably be catching up the whole time
and yeah tomorrow morning oh my god
tomorrow we're gonna go and see Hanna
and Steph and Gracie and Rufus I'm so
excited but yeah he said do my makeup
and change my top and I wish I had this
background to film with all the time
it's so nice it's so cool in here yeah I
just thought I'd say a little hello
because it feels weird not looking after
doing vlog temper and I was gonna do
vlog towba but I'm a bit late I look
super pale I don't know why look at this
look at this mirror it's amazing so I'm
gonna wear these jeans my ex was
Farley's and I'm not wearing this top
around my polkadot top I've had as usual
a really crazy day and I've just been
trying to edit my home we're like home
tour video and then also cannot ends for
a few hours and then I snuck away but
anyway are you going get ready I just
get carried away chatting I may have
ordered myself a Bellini
I love believe me I've already used this
onto my makeup and I love it because I
haven't tried this before there's a few
things here that I haven't seen before
and these products look really love
as well I'm excited to try this I think
I've tried this before and I don't think
I've tried that I love the packaging
okay I'm ready I really need to leave
sorry Tasha from like five minutes late
but I feel like I always wear the same
thing so I feel like I don't even need
to tell you I'm wearing but my topics
from Topshop and that's kind of all
that's new also I'm wearing the new Lucy
Williams roaming collection necklace one
of them and it is oh it's just amazing I
love it down below and I know where my
JW handsome bag and nothing so we gots
the start of it we're in pink one
so I got most of my video done not all
of it I still have to do a little bit
later today and this is probably
interesting for you guys but I'm just
about to leave the Hoxton and it's been
so nice oh my god waking up going
downstairs and like working alongside
other people and just ordering a coffee
and oh my god it's just so different
than my usual mornings now so yeah it
was a really nice morning well even
though it was working it was really nice
and last night oh my god it was so nice
to see Tasha and we had such a huge
catch up and we ended up going to ping
pong we really wanted to go to tissue
but their weight was an hour and 40 40
minutes so we were like sod that just
went and found somewhere else but yeah
oh my god I love her and it was really
really nice to see her and outfit of the
day trainers on mango good old 8 oz
jeans my top is stripy top from mango as
well and then this is also mango because
that's I literally live in mango now I'm
gonna have to put up the street then
head back home and then we're all gonna
leave and we're going to go and see the
Mitch Lux
yeah
hey guys so we're at the Mitchell axe
house and yeah I just totally forgot to
vlog yesterday because we were catching
up for ages and just chatting and
everything but it's the next morning and
we're about to go down have a bit of
breakfast yeah Lindy's got her
tambourine hello this is the package
situation for One Nights but Jason does
have a lot of my filming stuff in the
suitcase but still hilarious look all
these back hands on this one back there
as well my god we're all going to have a
little explore now
so we've just put since anthropology
which means like don't we drive to the
Menin and this one is amazing and look
at this ball we really wanna my god
it's been such a big gap since I've
bloody blogged last and I was not
sweating with my hair I don't like a
grandma
today is Sunday today and so I'm like
forcing us to do a nice family day
together
and I don't know what we're gonna do yet
but hopefully going to central London
and do something and I thought I'd look
Indy's had her morning nap and I just
wanna get us out of the house basically
okay miss you ready we're kind of a
little bit matching with our jumpers
hey guys so I'm just headed out to go to
going up to central London and I've got
a meeting at Bernie's tavern and also
I've got a few kind of errands to run
and also I really want to go into
weekday because I haven't been in there
yet so I thought I'd show you my outfit
of the day it's not something I'd
usually workers I feel a bit weird about
pairing pink with the black but I
thought it's nice like it's good to try
out different things the top is from and
other stories necklace is no soma top
this top is it's like a silky cami it's
from Topshop got it in size 10 and
Topshop jeans and then under their
stories boots I'm not sure that jacket
to put with it so just need to decide
that yeah
but you're really impressed with all my
London fetish
whenever I got though I just end up
running around like a headless chicken
because I don't have that much time and
I color need to get back and then I just
totally forget about vlogging so yeah
sorry but basically went up for a
meeting went really well and then I just
took some bits back to Topshop that
didn't fit me right and I also I did go
into weekday so I'll show you guys what
I got he I liked so many bits I was
carrying around like six different
things but like I can't get them all
today so I got things that I thought
were just the best purchases to get so
yeah I'll show you guys what I got oh
and also I got another jumper from
Topshop maybe I'll try them on and show
you cuz it might be a bit better but um
it's just this really cozy looking I
don't know what you call these sleeves
actually are they like balloon sleeves
I don't know what the fashion term is
kind of puffs out a bit in the middle
it's 32 pounds that looks really nice on
I love the neckline as well weekday bit
so yeah I think I'll try them on and
show you doing it all whoo I just filmed
a whole video actually the other day I
wish I could include these but it's a
bit later so you guys get another sneak
peek of some more bits I picked up
recently but the store is so nice and
definitely if you go in there make sure
you go downstairs because I almost
missed that there was a downstairs and
the downstairs is the best bit so I'm
it's yes just on Regent Street near
Oxford Circus before I get into the
proper bit I got these socks because I
think I just loved the color of them 4
pounds really nice and then I also when
I was at the tip I spotted the these
earrings I thought they were so nice so
I got these these ones that's so pretty
these were eight pounds and then just
some gold hoops because I actually don't
have any big hoops I thought these were
really nice size and thickness and these
are 7 pounds so first up is this one
this jumper from weekday I need to see
what material is actually but I
love these sleeves on this and I really
love the thickness because it's quite
thick I mean it's not super thin it's
just a really nice thickness for
layering with and yeah so I just think
it's really flattering it falls at a
really nice place as well
but I love to tuck mine in this is so
nice and cozy I love it I love the
colors definitely after a kind of like
baiji neutral color and yeah so nice
I can't wait to style it more and this
is the Topshop gray one and again it's
got these big like balloony sleeves let
me know down below what the word is I
probably know it and I've just forgotten
what they're called again this is really
cozy a really nice thickness not too
thick because I just I love layering
with my knitwear in winter so yeah it's
just kind of perfect and I really like
the neckline as well I'll link this down
below as well it was just the next one
in my pile so I thought I'd show you it
next - oh it's so soft I love it and
then lastly from weekday I just got this
really basic piece but I really love it
because I can wear I can dress it up and
like wear out or I can just wear it when
I'm kind of you know like running
errands and things like that it's just
this like cropped sweater top um so it's
a jumper I don't know just really basic
but again I just loved the cut of it and
it's just perfect really it's just a
perfect like all round this was 20
pounds so good I just loved the cuts
that they do they're so flattering it's
a Scandinavian brand so anything they
those lot do is just always perfect
isn't it I smell it all weekday haul
also it got my nails done the other day
and I love this color
I think it's an Essie color but isn't it
so nice I love it and on another side
bar I'm selling my Gucci loafers my oh
my amazing razzle dazzle loafers and
they're in really really good condition
I've only worn them a few times like
there's nowhere there there's just
there's a little bit of wear on the
bottom but I've only worn them a few
times out so it
that bad yeah so I'm selling them on my
D pot I'll link it down below and it's
not because I don't like them because I
love them it's just because I don't tend
to grab for them that much and I don't
tend to wear them that much so if any of
you want to give them a new home then
yeah check out my D pop also at the
moment is just UK shipping but I might
open it up to world wide if you're not
from the UK and you're interested just
send me a message on deeper
this is my desk situation at the moment
hey this is crazy
I got my peer bucks delivery in
yesterday and oh my god there are so
many bits are these new Charlotte's
Hillberry Hollywood lips products this
is really good I tried this this morning
it's the Dior deal skin forever
concealer really nice and then I've got
an array of these Bobby Brown lipsticks
which was so nice as well they they're
just so nice and creamy but they're kind
of like a semi matte also I ordered some
glossier I got the perfecting skin tint
I got it in dark it's a really good
color match it's really really light
coverage for me but yeah I need to try
it out a bit more I got the stretch
concealer in medium I think yeah which
is a really good color match for me I
need to try this out a bit more haven't
used it once but look at this Bobbi
Brown palette as well hmm
it's like my perfect everyday palette so
nice I've got about 15 minutes since I
hashed it going good indie I feel a bit
of a catch-up but there hasn't been that
much going on since the last time I
waited to be honest I need to per bit of
concealer on this day okay there's this
little bloody spot I know Michael of my
face no we are using the glossy a
concealer I don't know how it is
actually for like sports I've used to
under my eyes the other day we went see
Blade Runner last week that was really
good we try and go to the cinema at
least once a week so that's one thing
that we really like to do together
because we never really like our
drinking or anything like that so città
my trip so I
9l something oh my god stranger things
is coming back soon I'm so excited for
that and we really want to try watching
liar let us know if fly is any good I
don't know if there'll be any bits any
more bits in this vlog but I'll sign it
off here and if there are I'll obviously
add them on but thank you guys for
watching in the next vlog I'll try and
make sure there's a bit more to vlog and
to talk about maybe I should do a bit of
a Q&A vlog like a really relaxed Q&A
okay
