hey guys so now means hash we're going
to be doing a meet-up
in the body shop store and I'm really
kind of nervous kind of excited as well
but like I don't know what to expect at
all
kind of thing and I've never done one in
like his shop before or anything so it
should be good and I'm really excited to
meet you guys and we're running a bit
late so I'm going to go but I don't know
if I could show you my outfit well it's
not anyway outfit because I'm gonna
wearing this white blazer that I just
got but um oh I think this place eat
from H&M and my boots are from Urban
Outfitters and I got a girl here we are
on Meetup I don't blame you if some of
you don't wanna leave your house it's
okay we saw a picture of the qiam you're
like
okay we're gonna come in so we're pretty
really late I'm really bad
oh I just go about in the back room I'm
so sorry I'm literally shaking from his
words okay we've only been back here for
like a few minutes like a minute so we
haven't been keeping you guys waiting
one purple
I think we should stand by
I don't know
yeah sure
usually
I'm sorry guys that be in the blood
I'm so glad we did it yeah so like
you'll never get it back and it's quite
an amazing thing to do
hey guys so we just came back to the
hotel
actually I can't talk now I'm yelling
okay literally amazing and like
breathtaking overwhelming nuts we didn't
expect that many people and oh my god
like thank you all so so much for coming
and waiting and everything and it was so
nice to meet you guys that uh you know
and thank you guys that traveled as well
because oh that was insane thank you
guys so much for gifts that anyone
bought and things like you didn't have
to do that at all and we just like
really we need a kid now but in a good
way
um and it was just such a good
experience to do and we're so glad that
we got to meet you guys and that we did
it thank you also to the people at the
body shop because they were so so
helpful and really really friendly and
helped us kind of organize the whole
thing we just breath know what
breathless yeah we're gonna like go out
in a minute like have a drink has
something to eat
but I just wanted to say like a quick
you know in the moment thank you what
was that
okay gotta go
this is just insane for Tasha and I
thank you guys so so so so much I just
wanted to like you know if they thank
you for every single thing and we're
just back and having some tea
I'll make what a pack because tomorrow
we're gonna be heading to a different
part of Australia Queensland so
Wednesday morning yeah I'm gonna go and
thank you so much the love you got I
gave us these two juices because they
keep us going uh yeah okay but go okay
we've just stopped off quickly in
Brisbane and now we're going over to
somewhere else okay that's fine
so yeah we've got a go right now but me
and Tasha we're just like charging off
my laptop stuffing some food in it we
got to go okay grab your cappuccino
stroking his beard waiting for backs
it's about $7 for the day something like
that to go from here to early beach
around this area you know movie
Wednesday afternoon they head out do a
regatta and if you're down at the
Sailing Club about lunchtime on a
Wednesday a lot of times I'll ask you to
go for a sign you can hop on a ferry
down I think it's about 35 minutes to
get over to daydream on the ferry
besides big sis know anything
oh my gosh long day
hey guys okay so like I said we just got
sweaty the air we beat belly a leech
Haley beach I can't do Australia outfit
at all
so I just like freshened up a little bit
I was feeling really really crappy
because girls yeah girls understand girl
thing so I haven't been feeling amazing
especially like law traveling and things
but yeah kinda like pack up a little bit
and like Tasha we've got different ones
this time so Tasha's in harem at the
moment just like sprucing up and then
I've just boost off your bear with
starving it's I'm still waiting for
Jason looks like taxi back because the
timing is it's all just obviously like
really different so I think he's like
just waking up soon anyways about nearly
half 5 p.m. here in Wellington are we I
don't even know what this bigger I do
know what this big areas called I'm just
so so tired I can't think right now
anyway oh my god I've got like a massive
spot brewing on red rat here I really
need to not touch except Wes it's gonna
explode in my face haha like I said
we're gonna go get something to eat
oh just it's really like human hair and
kind of hot and sexy but I like that in
another way because it's it's just like
lovely and warm and like it feels really
holiday and it's a comfortable he's
responsible at the moment but I don't
know what it's gonna be like obviously
when it's full throttle we're like 1:00
p.m. but yeah I just I don't know if fog
I will definitely wear this outfit but I
just put on my app a company but I've
read that not to put on because I I'm
not in the kind of me to dress up or
anything so I'm just like
should perk up in a little bit but
anyway it's really really amazing to be
here and it's beautiful it's absolutely
beautiful and some excited well actually
not sure you might so come in here also
we are at the wife the wiki the Wi-Fi
hotspot the base like a little sign
there that says that so like yes so this
is like my home room to myself
and so like double bed lovely bit of
artwork I've just literally come in like
dump all my stuff there there's oh my
god that's like a walk-in wardrobe no
way then a kitchen which I've already
messed up I put an apple in the telly
I'm going to show you the first thing I
did when I came in I was like my Apple
okay so there we got like look how
pretty it's gorgeous
and then at the bathroom say shower this
could fit like you know this could hold
five people this whole room and like
that's what I'm looking like I'm right
about now so yeah bigger going to see
what's hot is doing maybe we should go
and see on camera what she's up to
okay so she's over here okay she's
getting changed I don't want to disturb
her
oh she's living her bed
Hey
so you're on a hunt for food and this
place called fish divine are supposed to
be really good so we're going to check
her out okay there's some people in
there they looks a little bit empty but
okay
sofas wait wait let's have a look it's
not very busy but it's quite early
oh this spot is just uncool we're gonna
go that we're going to close because
there wasn't many people in there so
yeah so I'm glad we came at sunset time
because it's just fun early Oh tomorrow
we're going on the boat in the really
early in the morning and so tomorrow
it's gonna be all like on the boat and
swimming
sit on the soft soft seats
thank you
different decider I don't like that yes
- that bad yes it's doable he's
drinkable
roeme
I got filled up the day which is still
finished and the Thai style
would you get oh oh I'm not saying
Lauren crab linguini No
okay we found a supermarket which is
actually Woolworths which is a lie this
is what he eats too deep but okay we're
looking for like snacks and stuff to
take on so that way it's Maria because
we because we get hungry just in case
but there's not feeling service tough I
know there's so many healthy bits and
bobs this is really cool what assets for
some people
quinoa but is this all right guys
monkey music Buster's oh is it touches
dress lovely and active that's the word
great for this like holiday Oh quinoa
we've made two such here things here
like cheaper because in London Lee in
London they take the piss is like fruit
I wanna take very boring Oh
