one point kilometres
what is it Monday it's Monday and we're
on our way to go and do some haul so I
do
I have an old Ivan rode for ages so I'm
like really excited at night to do it
and everything and we just got coffees
on the you know to have on the go and
like I kept say my name was Sam she was
like Sam okay
I mean they like my name is that here
but this is I had to say that there's
coffee isn't what you said it coffee is
so good and she made it with honey and I
was like okay cause I don't really had
coffee and honey porn is such a gorgeous
just only we call bit lost on the way
through my god well they still will it's
mine he's can really eat cheese skin
used to trot sing as well because it
felt like intense
Oh
that's lovely
just corporate Charlie so that like a
fan of fun kind of
rest'll so they grow everything here
like make it here like sell food drink
and see and everything and like you know
it's not so fresh in here and everything
and I love food as you guys do so
they're like gonna make some food for us
yeah that's really nice of them deserts
woodfired pizza preserving harvest which
is about basically taking vegetables
that are in season and preserving than
the old Fowler's traditional way of
doing and we also roast often so we go
to 5 kilo roaster here I'll show you
this so they do like coffee bag thing
and stuff so I think I'll get this
because I can use it in the kitchen and
put things that annoy you will eat
through it because he eats everything
and then look at this it's like an
avocado attacker
natural skins as well thank you
I mainly do single origin so there you
know much about coffee beans no -
there's two types of coffee beans is
Arabic spins spins around like that and
then you have a fan turn on which blows
air into okay then you basically drop
things in here so baby up down in there
they go in here and it is a big fire on
the bank and it answered our and it
takes about seven eight minutes and you
roast the coffee
oh wow it smell like meat coming out now
on Wednesday I'm actually got a big
roast it now these are the green beans
here oh so green beans yeah and then we
turn them in yeah roasted lemon jerseys
so the real milk straight from the casts
the tracks time
you just want to smell you first yeah
he's our Billy three so I just got some
frozen yogurt which is well brie on yoga
with nuts to one talk from trampoline
they're really nice
it took me so long to decipher from the
worse at decision
hey guys so we just got back from like
he just had a little stroll outside and
but we're so knacker because today like
it's we see it seems like we didn't do
that much but we're just so like it from
like the riding and the traveling and
stuff but I just thought I would like
show you I'm wearing and so my jacket is
from pop boutique in on Monmouth Street
in London and I'll show you about the
jacket my shirt is from misguided and
it's about well like 20 quid but it is a
really lovely shirt it's really pretty
quiet my shorts are from Urban
Outfitters their renewal bit which like
I would have sourced them at myself or
just no rush right I came out here yeah
they're like there and my boots are also
from auvergne Outfitters actually but I
link them down below they're a different
brand they're not open up it's just but
yeah my bags from bershka I don't you
guys like this vlog as usual and I'm
really excited because we are officially
doing a meet up tomorrow so obviously
this is probably gonna go up a bit late
so I can't let you guys in all the
details right now but I'm really excited
/ a bit nervous and I think we're both
like it's like I don't know it's kind of
thing and yeah it'll be really really
cool to meet some of you guys yeah but
anyway we're gonna go and edit and do
some like work and then go to sleep so
