first shake a hand on my childhood
you can't go anywhere without seeing
someone
this is so so amazing we've just like
breaking hair and this is the most
beautiful place ever like if so but it
feels really like it's not like ruined
my talk and when mom would love it
because she loves boats and things like
that
it was amazing sorry oh it was so weird
walking see the animal sanctuary and
like I haven't probably talked about the
Holly ride it was so amazing it was like
so cool now we got highly even it was
amazing and it was the views were also
it felt really stable surprising me
because we thought that we might feel a
little bit you know like it was scary
holding what yeah I was like no bars but
yeah it was really steady like the guys
who just they've been doing it for years
so it was really good man so now we're
like
how long was it Johnny about 45 minutes
or something I think so here and yeah
we're gonna go and get a drink and stuff
non-alcoholic
I think
okay okay in real time I'm seeing we're
seeing a koala
oh my god it is key look at just munch
he's got really little eyes
you see this over territory like they
living and they're tying your foot bro
see the moon nearly extinct again but we
release that's like 210 calls I look
like classical Roxanna well you know
that coloring back into the world so
it's not just like capturing them and
they don't just capture them and keep
them in here they like help them survive
so when he Evan wasn't going it stings
hello
okay so then I watch a bird show now
we're getting ready here in the kangaroo
bear gather BM bird show is pretty cool
and birds are my thing but yeah I liked
the Kangaroos I really want to hold one
not hold it okay kill me welcome
I've been expecting these little fellows
walking around they look like the same
one that just keeps following us but I
don't think lovely outfit man
to me
but it means to him
bananas
when my food
and strawberries are bloody amazing
hey guys back now I just don't little
just did a little refresh and we're
gonna go out now and like look around
the local shops and stores like why can
I never talk
then we're gonna like have some dinner
because we're bloody starving it's been
a really good day but yeah we're just a
little bit kind of tired again I'm still
jet-lagged so yeah before I babble loads
kind of one word that say this has been
coming in really handy it's the vitamin
E face mist I wanted to get this for
ages from the brew shop but I've just
been spritzing it like during the day
because when you're traveling especially
it's really refreshing that smells next
so oh my god we found a corset on we
wanted to be what we've put into Victor
cotton on for ages because I remember
like people some people new to talking
about it and we just don't have it in
the UK so it's really interesting
they're going again we're going to it's
like I think it's just kind of basic
stuff
as interesting
so in this particular dog story gasps
and I supported isn't it just reminds me
of Lexi so slightly clean but
do you think oh my god we got some beef
ribs and they were like the most
succulent
Britt I realize I really have
instruments like you even want to stay
yes but we could try to get the Cajun
burger and we all died with a spice it
was so spicier than a guy the waiter at
the end yeah she they were already spicy
doctor last things took him off the bill
for us it was so good I'm just so cool
and Rooney's height so I'm gonna go
we're gonna go back and go to sleep to
try to get back in the Titans oh I hope
you guys like today and everything if I
don't my love even more
yeah love in Australia so far it's just
busy amazing it's been quite chilly
you've got a big tomorrow small
how she were like we've coming in and
we're like chilling and everything and
you come on up
we're gonna put on face boss because we
freaking out like Chunkin I don't feel
like traveling and just like being on
the go and picking spots yeah I've got
on which I really like it today just
seaweed
I I on ik clay mask which is for
combination or oily skin which is my
skin exactly and as you can see it like
drying where you just put on you me
feels really nice yeah it goes me warm
as you rub it into your skin I don't
want to fill me if you don't want it to
be on right oh it's fine remember with
the face mask yeah yeah so we're
drinking tea we've got like Uncle help
grades I just got home
breakfast tea I'm just so tired and
coming out of the tip right now I was so
in like food coma from those ribs they I
would just have the last bit if I wasn't
full there's to those intense intense
touches first time try grips but they
were made for it so like yeah they
little pole there's different anyway
seating a really short kind of sides
like kind of like England but it's just
you know to tell you
