what may be difficult
you guys might remember that I came with
SAS
Marcus
insider I'm an Italian like home
and we just uploading pictures writings
Instagram
after Potter that was so good
oh my luck and if you get the size your
actions feed
did you know what did you go
so now we're in Notting Hill and
such a bad headache I think it's to
cooking today my second one was double
sure
and then now I'm like
but anyway we're just going to talk
about this cool like music shop
and then we're gonna head down probably
it's like the Portobello market bit
because we just love this part of them
that it's really it's a really nice
atmosphere and it's always been one of
my favorite areas and I'm also really
keen for a turntable or a record player
say anything okay
you
what flavor is it
just say the place
we're on the hunt for ice cream or
gelato or something I just had fun and
then I think it's just up there found it
good spot
good have you been good yeah not for you
though I have to I have to go Stuart
yeah this is one of the nicest ice
creams I've had actually the hazelnut
ice cream at snowflake go and get all in
that shoes do did you like yours
do you like yours what did you fight
away so I thought I oh I realized I
hadn't shown like an outfit of the day
today and so ok well that's the best way
to show this is my outfit of the day I'm
wearing shorts no because it's quite
cold today underneath I was wearing like
a long sleeve top and which is just from
a sauce and then my shorts are from
Rockette and they're like high-waisted
ones that have a bit too thick for me my
jumper is like big white jumper from
monkey which is quite cozy and I've got
my Air Force Ones which I'm uploading my
styling video today for these say and my
bag and it's actually from a charity
shop it's from yeah I just found it like
up on a shelf and I was like I want that
and I really like it so it was about 12
pounds or something
it's go off I was writing today and this
is for all you guys have seen oh look
like many times on my channel and it's
from beyond retro this was it today bye
look so it's go bye
Riley's first thoughts of whole
experience well it's a ho hello it's now
Sunday and it's Easter Sunday and we've
got eggs and stuff I've just finished
getting ready kind of nice to my hair
and stuff but it's 22:12 I have these
amazing eggs a paradise question but
they're from Jason's parents which is so
so sweet of them
thank you if you're watching I hope you
lives are nice Easter by the way so
never the time it's guys up there's
gonna be late but this is Jason it's the
mr. Potato Head but it's not but
yesterday we got this from a Portobello
Road oh nothing you know how about
coffee yes I can't think every excited
to eat it and I had to add that it's a
little nest and you can actually eat
this because it's the edible paper so
amazing there was a leaf but I already
ate it
okay is there any outfit of the day
double one we're matching we always
match it with a color I mean so I'm a
white t-shirt from Topshop and then
genes and then converse and then this is
from H&M and where's your word for what
the your jacket thing Jackie is north
projects where's your jumper from Jamba
is Dickies were a lot Dickie stuff cuz
then plain and like you like the deal
where you trust what was this all been
German shoes a bad yeah how is from
comic would have our shores
nice nice I'm just staying at the corner
yes the technical
now
we're and I care - flying with a nice
light light bulb so don't have a life
like things happened at any office bit
support
finals just looking
I have got a coffee filter look at this
angle
a lot of coffee from her mother
than cake
I need coffee
we found our light it's in there
we're looking for the bulbs right now
so busy today it's Mike holiday
I hope you guys liked this Easter vlog
thing and that I was watching an ST MSE
button as well and I keep mentioning at
stake that I was just watching her
Easter vlogs as well and like I love it
I'm so obsessed like I've always loved
Estee but I'm even more like obsessed
with her looks at the moment and
everything so yeah I just thought I'd
you know give it a little ending because
on Sunday we mainly would just like
tidying out a room that we're trying to
wear we turned into an office it's just
like a storeroom and then on yesterday
on Monday we were out and about and we
were like all over the place because it
it's a crazy few days because I'm going
to Australia so I'm going to Australia
on Thursday and I actually thought it
was tomorrow
today it's Tuesday and I'm like just
losing my mind because like anyway I got
the day wrong but yesterday we were kind
of running around getting like last bit
o Reilly hurt me man hurt me I've lost
bits and bobs and bikinis and stuff with
Jason so like I went to Ikea first as
you guys saw to get a few office bits
and then we went to rent across just
because it was like close to there and
got a few bits and bobs kind of came
home what the dog and then we went out
and we went to see the grand Budapest
hotel but Kurt yeah because I'd seen up
Jason haven't seen it and recently we're
really into Wes Anderson films this I
love him I love him as a director and
are like favorite person is Klaus like
the character girls but there's gonna be
some such exciting vlogs coming because
I'm going to Australia with Tasha Tasha
green who's here on YouTube and you guys
have seen her before on my channel she
we went to the Ed Sheeran gig together
as well so I can't believe it's actually
happening like I feel like it's not real
it's a dream or something
it's gonna be with a lot of help from
tourism Australia who just promote like
all things good with Australia and you
know why it's an amazing place to go to
and so right now I'm just setting up to
film my
just kind of my setup by the way this is
how it goes down I'm gonna film like
aeroplane bag video kind of what's in my
airplane bag reg he's get filming cuz I
got loads to do and I have to like I
have I got those Duke Riley it's just
here he usually sits by me when I'm
filming and stuff I'm gonna miss him so
much I hope you guys liked this video
these two videos and on behalf of Jason
as well thank you all for watching and
and yeah I'll see you guys very soon
I think bye
 you bitch
