hey guys um I'm gonna try and be quiet
because Indies sleep in and she's in the
other room
and I'd start but I wasn't planning to
dog tonight at all I'm just like in the
middle of editing a video that I need to
get done by tomorrow morning it's Sunday
night it's about 8:00 p.m. and yesterday
I had like food poisoning or something
like I was out of it all day and it was
horrible
like I was in most states of log or
anything and just looking after ending
or trying to look after indie and trying
to like nurse myself back to health it's
dampening loads better and me and Jason
went to the cinema today went see
Kingsman too which was really good I
really liked it was entertaining and but
the reason so yeah I wasn't gonna film I
was gonna vlog today but um I was just
on Twitter and I said you guys have
heard me talk about this before that
like I've not been shy about being
honest about how I'm feeling like just
you know since having a baby and
everything even when I was pregnant and
yesterday I just tweets it it's just
takes Twitter's up food poisoning and
looking after and my 9 month old baby is
not fun and I know like most people
understand but I've had like I had
tweets from that even saying like why
are you waiting
and it's like I could put I could tweet
nice thing after nice thing about being
a mom and do and say one thing that's
slightly negative and I still get those
comments you know it's like oh I don't
want to get into it but people act like
I say the most horrific things about me
just saying oh I'm ill this sucks cuz I
have to look after all it's more humid
than being out like it's not saying I
don't love my child anyway but someone
left a thread of my really nasty stuff
and um and you know they're kind of
common where it's like some things kind
of hit home and it makes you feel
 what I try to do over the years is
to like when I get a horrible comments
to think straightaway about about the
nice comments and the nice people
straight away I just see like the faces
of people who come up to me like when
I'm out and about and they are not very
good at articulating emotion but I just
feel overwhelmingly grateful for every
one that says nice things and then I
just feel like I don't say it enough
like thank you guys so much like those
of you who are watching this video
because you like the channel and you
like you like both my channels and
you're like supportive of us and our
family and just like thank you so much
for people who leave nice comments oh
I've never got emotion about this before
like I've always appreciated you guys
but um something about like seeing such
horrible comments made me feel so
grateful for nice people yeah so I just
wanted to say thank you basically and
you just the people who are nice you
just really really keep me going I just
felt really like emotional for a minute
and I tweets it like saying thank you so
much to everyone who is ever you know
ever says anything nice like a lot of
things I don't say anymore on social
media if they're kind of just waiting
for negative just like real they're just
things that like if you're with people
in your life or other mums or something
you're gonna be like oh I was up all
night last night and probably like
you'll just like laugh about it and you
know they're the kind of things that I
get so much and I feel like
sometimes they are going to come out cuz
that's just life but I know it's a
really weird start the vlog but then if
this will be in the beginning of to the
vlog but I just really wanted to say
that in my vlog
positivity always Trump's negative is
here in the end if you're watching this
just to get like gossip and negativity
from this video then there is something
inside of you but you're not happy with
you were using this channel to channel
that from you through
me does that make sense whatever you
don't like about me or about anyone on
YouTube is something that you don't like
in some way about yourself so we're kind
of the vessels that you're hating that
through does that make sense so sort
that out I've never claimed to be
perfect so yeah it's like and with that
no anyway I'm gonna go I need to finish
heads in this video but yeah thank you
so much bye hey guys I'm just getting
ready because I'm gonna head how to run
a few errands in town I've got a new
vlog camera I got the g7x mark 2 and
which I've wanted for ages but I don't
really need you know like my other
camera was still working so I didn't
want to just get it for the sake of it
and you know because if it ain't broke
don't fix it it the camera that I've
been using just the normal g7x
I don't know I just felt that the
quality wasn't very good anymore um so
anyway yeah I this morning no I'm not
making you a coffee okay
oh my god I found we found a lot Jason
taught me a fiddly fig I found the most
perfect one on old Street I think you
guys saw and but I couldn't get it home
but ones coming and I'm hoping it's not
gonna be like too big or too small
I hope cest with that may have them
everywhere in hand other stories and um
ever wants anything she always gets me
to do yeah because you can your boys you
just moon for weeks and weeks about
whatever it is that you want you're just
better to find anything for me
I need to do my life no my gel liner
brush but you were just doing it no no
in the powder okay
anyway what up start now gargantuan
disgusting up on Jason's channel is a
podcast that we did together but it's
he's in me doing lots of podcasts so I'm
the first guest on the first person on
and and it was really really cool to sit
down and do because I've not done
anything like it before but I'll link it
down below go check it out it's about
it's about half an hour long isn't it um
but it's it's a video podcast basically
and yeah we just talk about lots of
different topics there's not one thing
in particular we kind of just discuss
things and I think you guys all like it
okay I'm just doing my liner quickly
before I have to go also on Jason's
channel is he's uploaded Indies first
holiday which is the video he created
while we were away on holiday and it's
amazing like obviously I'm biased but
it's like just shot amazingly and it's
kind of I don't know there's like a lot
of emotion to it and they're just
amazing like scenes from the holiday so
Oh link that up I'll link that down
below as well so you know you've got
like a holiday video or like a podcast
or both to check out I used to take a
package back well I need to go to the
post office to I can't talk and do my
liner oh yeah I got a pop to the post
office littles need to pick up a form
because I have to get my name changed
officially everywhere which is gonna be
such a pain in the arse and I'm gonna go
get my nails done because they
desperately need doing
and I need to do a bit of a food shop
because we don't have any food I'm using
the ico lash alert mascara
check out my ICO mascara edit if you
haven't checked it out yet it's my
little collection up from my favorite
ICO products so I'll link it down below
yeah they're all amazing I love like
I've loved I cry since they started this
is my outfit of the day very very simple
I haven't shown you guys around this
room yet properly my jumper is under the
stories I just pops these earrings in
there actually and other stories as well
my jeans are Topshop straight leg raw
edge moto jeans and then these eco shoes
my bag is Mars kill two birds with one
stone done my boring things and now I'm
gonna go get my nails down because I was
running around to kind of an out-of-time
to to vlog much but we've got a little
somewhat duck here
I feel like Hannah when she picks up
Gracie and she's like three two I'm
Gracie
it's Saturday today I'm going to the
bride's bride the show in London and I'm
doing a little talk with Jay Malone and
it's gonna be on all things like
scenting your wedding so yeah it should
be good I'm a little bit nervous because
there's going to be like an audience and
everything obviously and I don't do I
don't do talks that often so I'm hoping
I don't mess up or anything but yeah I'm
going to get ready and then I'll see if
I can get some well I definitely get
some footage when I'm there I'll see if
someone can maybe get a bit of footage
of me talking but I really wanted to
vlog today cuz I thought it could be
quite fun and different so this is what
I'm wearing this dress is from I think
it's from to win one or two winters ago
but it's from neon Rose who are such an
amazing brand I love their stuff and my
shoes are Zara and I'm just gonna wear
my wife's hell bag with this look at
that print so pretty I'll try and make
it down below if it's still available
I'm tireder if it's still on the website
or anything but
I'm just in the entrance bell
the menu
yeah
so
panting horse way
ah just got home it was so good it was
so nice having a little chat about all
things wedding and when wedding sent
scenting because I loved the whole
experience and I'm so into my sense and
everything so yeah and it wasn't too
scary I didn't have to be that nervous
but yeah I'm gonna go change into comfy
clothes and I've got Indy for about an
hour until it's her bedtime I think how
was your day I feel like you guys have
Athena for a little while it's Indies
bedtime and I was just watching a bit of
The Hobbit on the turf and I think I'm
gonna put her to bed and then maybe have
a bit of a catch up with you guys I hope
you guys liked the last vlog as well I
loved I love like voguing while I'm
shopping I find it it's just fun to kind
of bring you along with me it's like
I've got kind of like a friend in the
changing room that doesn't reply
sleep-training update because I was I
probably mentioned a little while ago
and I think it's pretty much works we
used the Ferber method and like most
time she'll go down and it's not too bad
like at night she just goes down like no
question I just like goes straight to
sleep and it's amazing and but some some
mornings or some like afternoon nap
she'll still have a bit she'll still
complain a little bit but like eight 70
80 percent it still works really well
and yeah I had quite a few like mums
asked me what method I was using and
things like that when I mentioned sleep
training but it is made our lives so
much easier and like and
but less stressful as well because if it
was getting to the point where I said
sometimes I would be trying to put her
down for like an hour to two hours and
it was just making me so stressed and
you know it's not good for me to feel so
stressed around her as well so and it's
good for her because she's not in
distress for so long before she goes to
sleep and she just goes to sleep
it's like magic so sleep training is
like it's so it's really difficult don't
get me wrong like at the beginning it's
a lot it's a lot as for the parents as
well as for the baby but she got used to
it quite quickly and yeah highly
recommend trying a sleep method if
you're struggling with it
um and I think it was a good age for her
as well to start sleep training such a
big thank you to Jim Malone for having
me talk with them at the bride show
because they're just such an amazing
brand and it's just so amazing to get to
work with them and to I just loved
talking I love to talking about
centering the wedding because from it
was such a big part of the wedding for
me and I'm just somebody who's very into
my sense and I'm really link sent with
memories so yeah the the sense that I
had Beira might they just take me back
straightaway to the wedding day and I
love it so much loads of people ended up
taking like stealing or candles
and taking them home after our wedding
so like they must have been good hi
Gerry did bedtime and yesterday I went
and had my hair reinstalled by Nana
Jana hair sanctuary and yeah it's
looking good it looks quite dark in this
light actually but always nice to have a
catch up with them all and the salon and
yeah check them out if you're around
rice lip Harrow
that sort of area so I bought some mini
cookbooks the other day because right
now I just feel really inspired to eat a
lot more kind of veg emails and maybe
vegan meals and basically I've kind of
gone off me just recently I still feel
like how about eating fish just been
wanting to kind of clear my diet out a
bit more if that makes sense so I got
some I asked on Twitter if anyone knows
any good vegetarian cookbooks and then I
also kind of researched some what some
good ones were and I got these ones and
I really want to make something from one
of these tonight but I don't have any
like particular ingredients for any of
them so I need to choose one that you
know I've already got the ingredients
for in my kitchen so we have both of
goodness this is amazing this I've
there's so many things in here I wanna
make then the green kitchen which I love
I love their whole ethos the way that
they live and everything and oh they
have a blog as well I need to check
their blog out but maybe I'll make
something from here and then because I
love Indian food so much as well and
they have so many great vegetarian foods
I got fresh India so yes loads of good
recipes in here that I want to make as
well I've landed on this one North
Africa and aubergine stew but I don't
like aubergine so I'm just gonna use
something else but it looks like it will
be really nice I don't have like two of
the ingredients but let's just see what
happens okay wish me luck got all my
ingredients
chop everything up I wasn't sure whether
to try and have a little chat at the
same time I mean
it's difficult some cutting onions and
does not go down very well yeah today
it's Saturday today something so quickly
so quick all morning I was like I'm bit
nervous like I've got this thing later
and yeah went so well I shouldn't have
been that nervous tomorrow it's probably
gonna be a bit of a day off to be honest
and I might look but yeah all week we
haven't I don't think we've all been
together as a family and I spent a bit
of time together so usually at the
weekend I try even though like with our
job we don't really have you know set
days for certain things we'll try to now
and I try to make our Sundays like nice
family days so I'm always like shall we
go should we go somewhere together
that's like go and get coffee go and get
food ask into my eyes I probably try and
like force us to do something nice
tomorrow and we had a really nice like
family dinner last night and because not
everyone is used to being on camera and
I don't want to stick a camera on
everyone's face um but yes it was really
nice to see everyone Oh last night I
started watching I think it's called the
confession tape Sunday oh my god also I
watched the Lady Gaga documentary and
it's so good sorry my eyes are starting
to water now but honestly like inspiring
such a boss and I'm so talented as well
so yeah definitely check that out if
you're interested like even if you're
not that interested in her I think it's
still really interesting and you'll
really get into her then and yeah then I
started confession tape last night
and that's really good so far it's like
making a murderer vibes I think I'm
gonna go because it's difficult cuz
those started to cry okay I hope this
comes out well it's my first time making
it
I bet this looks pretty super long sorry
I just realized I forgot to vlog it
sorry but it kind of turns out like how
it looked in the cookbook that was the
bowls cookbook by the way and I just
thought I'd sign off here and Jason is
just coming back from an MMA night like
a fight night sort of thing so we're
just gonna chill probably and then just
go to bed so yeah thank you guys for
watching and I'll be back very soon bye
