it is Monday afternoon and tonight I'm
going to be going to the ed sheeran gig
I'm like not like the biggest biggest
fan of that show number but I really do
appreciate his music and voices talent
so I'm really excited to go it's all the
Teenage Cancer Trust which is just
amazing that you know it's for such good
cause and so I'm really really happy to
be kind of a part of it you know going
and flogging and just sharing it a few
guys so I hope you guys will like this
and yeah it would just be really cool so
I'm going with my sister Danny and my
friend Jenny and Tasha Tasha green is
coming as well we're going as well so
yeah I'm just waiting for peeps to
arrive and I've been getting ready I've
done my makeup done if you can see but
it's just really kind of usual what I
usually do I've stuck my hair up today
because I just feel like having up today
I've got your brother to have it in and
around my face I'm not short I see what
to wear I've got these tartan trousers
from zara which are like I don't know Oh
hole in my toe that I really liked so I
want to wear these and but i'm not sure
to wear over top so i'll get back to you
guys would like the full outfit but um
yeah I'm gonna finish getting ready and
stuff I think and really excited Tasha
man I'm so creepy oh no I'm like amazing
miss cuz we used to vlog i thought i'd
show you guys our outfits of the night
noise oh why is it always this moving
when yeah I love that we're all like
proper blackest on that sounds wrong
yeah I left hashes hair start a cool man
we're a big leagues we haven't seen each
other for Asia literally oh okay oh my
my eyes kind of shape these
long ago but they're from zara got them
in a cell and then my top is from a
sauce and then I'm a bit hot already in
this though my cardie is raising member
think I think it's wrong way or
something my boots are from Urban
Outfitters go on go on my t-shirt is
from a charity shop cuz I'm a people
with nice yeah my jacket is from TK Maxx
light years ago my jeans are from H&M
companies today and who my shoes are
just from vans I feel I have to show you
our own piercings because I'm really
cool i love it when are you doing all
together okay so we're on the way and
we're in the taxi and rule like excited
it's all exciting Danny's here hello hi
guys Jenny's here now hi whoa oh look at
sexy car we said that sexy guy yeah like
thats an LD yes master Connor one i
won√≠t yeah okay bye tuck Cena right
surround the Royal Apple
that should be like the cats are not
busy I need to call we talk know where
you're going and everything behind
okay we're going to head to the bar to
get a drink with food or something all
that they have like healthy smart
money's hid the truth sir sounds the
olives sound you like olives maybe I
think you do yeah what's your name I'm
Lydia I just met a few of my chance to
me so there's this wall Michael selfie
steam and they donate one pound for
every hashtag potent
and Danny's hair color has changed yes
you guys are moving like sorry tonight
I love this right yeah
come in a bit more really suits you easy
one two three come on guys shuttle one
two three one two three
check out my face
right there
class I know I know make sure you wash
get over those on there yeah I'll be
cool
Wow
those like blue evasive they're so salad
sound by the waves
I need to stop saying we
I'd only have one single
but this next song is going to be funny
and it's all about the stuff that pisses
me off that racist folks Jennie takes
his jokes explain away anymore overall
so just quickly delicately like if you
don't seem as well as a possible
categories that means you're racist
now
and he's here tonight watch me to do
some facts for coming together now say
one man kept his word and happening is
an awful up to us because this is not
easy to do these seven nights of one
week of one year every year is a hot in
here we're very happy to say it in that
time we've now got 29 oscar awards for
the you teenagers to
I memon go to our patients and then we
learned look after the parents and we're
going to go on until you teenagers get
recognized as being very different from
children and extremely different an old
farts like me believe in getting on
their way over thumbs like this one
we
should I
reason
Oh
you
wait I you just again
sing me
she's in the club Daisy
Oh
me
I'm shocked he's getting one of the best
news ever seen I he was later he was I
wasn't sure yeah it was fun yeah no I
mean oh so much better life I can grow
up italian the looping helium see lot
yeah his original Scout was like that
was just so good okay it's been fun man
right i don't know what when it is he
said he's here but watch this is Sammy
I'm slave done call in five or got in
the so weird though like seeing
watching people in film is until then
just seeing them that's really clear hey
guys it's the day after the gig and I'm
really I just wanted to kind of finish
off this blog because it kind of would
have ended quite abruptly last night I
just wanted to like say a massive thank
you to everyone at the body shop for
like making it possible that we could go
watch a cheerin and passenger because it
was really it was amazing and he was oh
my god to his voice and everything is
just haha but also it was for such a
good cause and that's why I like I'm
really glad that we got to go as well to
kind of support the Teenage Cancer Trust
they're the only UK charity that is
dedicated to helping teenage cancer
patients and all the money that they
learned from the gigs like the this gig
that they put on last night goes towards
services for them and like the special
care units and things like that and it
just goes towards helping them you know
especially I think it's between the ages
of 13 to 23 so many companies that do
really well and then they don't you know
they don't we help anyone else help with
their their success but with the body
shop bits like they do so many amazing
things so I don't know it's just and
everyone at the braid shop is so so nice
you know oh and also I met some lovely
subscribers there and like some people
waiting for from America as well which
is so cool
but in no thank you oh yeah some of them
I floods I hope you guys liked this vlog
and it was so nice to see tat I haven't
seen I haven't seen Tasha for ages and
yeah you guys could see Danny and Jenny
again oh also we are box was was was
with fleur fled force which is really
cool it's always lovely to see fleur
high flow if you're watching I'm gonna
be off I'm gonna go and do some editing
you guys for watching and I will see you
in my next video bah
