hey guys it's been ages since I've
vlogged I feel like it's been blue in
ages and but I thought thought I thought
I should do it
hey I for would love today because I'm
doing a juice cleanse so and I wanted to
do one of these for ages like literally
for months and I was looking up a lot
about them before her but like a few
months ago and things and and it was
quite expensive to do but it like it
would be really good to do for the body
and everything and so there's ones that
you can do for like a week or so but
this one is just a day one and so I have
six juices that I'm going to be having
today and I've watched another youtuber
do this before and she was spoke about
it and I thought I would have loved to
see her like doing it on the day of it
you know instead of talking about it
afterwards so I thought why not blog the
day of me juicing so um there yeah like
I don't know if I said already but
they're sent to me so I'm not juicing
them myself but I've had number one this
morning and which I probably maybe
insert here too bad
it's quite sweet actually hmm now it's
kind of time for me to have my second
juice well I'm a bit like having them
timewise but I'm going to try and catch
up so today I was going to be heading
out to meet my sister my friend Jenny
but and now Jenny's ill so I'm not gonna
be able to see her today hi Jenny I'm
gonna still see Danny my sister so she's
gonna come over and and Riley isn't
feeling too well today
bless his heart I think he's eaten
something bad and he's he's all is
always trying to eat everything so
unfortunately I think he's might've
eaten something bad but I'm just about
to go and grab my second use I'm kind of
getting a bit hungry like you don't eat
when you do this juicing um its kind
of eating anyway cuz you get everything
that you need through the juices but I'm
hungry or any like another juice or
something so I'm feel like I'm like that
but look I'll show you
Riley Riley you okay honey
oh he hasn't eaten this morning he
usually goes nuts was food so silly
Billy oh it's not feeling well he really
loves this rug this is just from Ikea is
that like furry sheepskin rug he always
comes in here and just plants himself
town on it he's so cute he's take him
for a walk maybe it will help his
digestive system anyways so the juices
were sent from this company and I'm
really really grateful that they sent it
to me so it's from frou-frou verjus the
comments bag and stuff that one is
watermelon and lime so mmm it's nice
first try of it mmm it's nice it sounds
a bit obvious but it just tastes like
watermelon juice like really fresh
watermelon I'm so thirsty nice I really
like this stuff so far I was a little
bit worried in case the juice is like
you know some of the vets juices good
tastes bad but no they taste really good
so far this is a fruit one of your
steeper
I feel quite like light fresh and
rejuvenated more then with tea and
coffee and stuff so and I am major
coffee person like a Thursday I'll tell
you guys how I'm feeling I probably
won't even throw at coffee because this
stuff's really gives you so much energy
anyway so hey guys it's about three
o'clock now and I've been like just
sorting up my video things and doing
emails and I had a juice around I'd say
an hour 45 minutes ago
and again I'm feeling a bit like oh just
because I need another like fix but I
did work out this morning also so that's
so that would have taken a bit of my
today I think mainly okay it's just like
I think kind of before every juice I'm
at the point where I'm like oh I really
need something again so maybe it's that
I you know obviously probably need food
but I know the Jesus give you energy
also but um yeah I've been thinking if
I'm sure kind of you know eat a few like
healthy snacks and things during but so
far I'll keep going with just the juices
I feel really really weak or ill or
anything I'll definitely eat something
so yeah I just thought I'd try and do it
as it's supposed to be done and Danny's
on her way to where I live so what we're
gonna go out and walk Riley I don't know
if I said that earlier so begin a go and
walking now we're going to go to
Starbucks I think because there's a
Starbucks near the park that I go to and
and just you know have a chinwag good
it's gonna be nice get out the house
looking forward to eating properly or
tomorrow and the weekends because the
weekends I usually go more like lenient
with Hawaii and things you know and like
treat myself and stuff so doing this for
the day that does make you appreciate
food and not knowing like I still eat
but I mean when you treat yourself it
does make you appreciate that more and
stuff so I'm Riley update Riley
well hello hi know he's so clingy today
like sometimes he is usually though he
just plays with his toys and stuff for
ages on his own and he's really like not
bothered but today is being a little
Klingon and Jason's at work I'm
wondering why he's not around so I'll be
seeing him later a probably put him home
in the floor Hilary be in the book later
but I'll probably be really knackered by
then and he will be but anyways
okay and days here well I've got to go
meet her I've got my third juice it's
the same one as in the morning the kale
lemon ginger all that jazz so
I'm looking for this one because I'm
gonna I am really very hungry right now
okay so let's go see Danny anything no
whoa oh yeah so we just went to like the
beats and stuff
what's going to the going through the
park and then when we go Starbucks yeah
I've already told you guys but yeah
while he's doing okay though even though
he hasn't been eating very much to the
righties Richie here's a cookie yeah
yeah
why that's having cuddles as Danny oh
now he's trying not evident that wasn't
to keep everyone so I've had about that
much of the next juice and I'm feeling
in life a little bit I have a little bit
more energy now we'll use that one
you know how spinning for house but
yeah I feel more like sprightly and
they're moving back because I have done
some walking as well mr. team
you can have like herbal teas and water
and pontiff eating like having dinner
later because you're not spiced really
like for those of you that will be
scared that you feel really tired and
stuff like now I'm not feeling tired and
all I've been doing for Jesus yeah
I'll update you guys together later so
I'm back out home now and Danny's just
left
we're just having a chin where I can
stuff and Jason's on his way home and to
be honest I've kind of ballsed up the
timings of like the juices and stuff I'm
not a very organized person free left
and I really wanted to do it properly
today and I still kind of can but sorry
the time is it's about nearly quarter
past six and so I still got the number
four is lemon cayenne pepper coconut
nectar and filtered water by is
pineapple red apple carrots beets and
ginger six which I'm really really
looking forward to trying is cashew
vanilla cinnamon coconut nectar and
filtered water I love coconut and
cashews and stuff sorry interested how
it will taste
I'm probably gonna have like four and
five may be close to each other now or I
might kind of have a little bit and then
save some for tomorrow even and so you
know if you're looking for the dead-on
plan of this cleanse then this probably
isn't the best place to come but I might
have a little thing to eat later
and then afterwards I'll have the last
juice okay looking forward to try that
one so I'll let you guys know what I
think of it when I have that one so the
next one is the the lemon one I'm going
to try now the first try
oh that is that's a zit drastic it takes
like yeah must be the cayenne pepper
that's making it taste quite different
mmm
it's really lemony obviously you like
spicy is fine weird not my favorite one
but I could definitely be Eric hey
drinking the whole thing whoo
so okay I've got the pineapple red apple
one and we'll give this one a try just
shaking it up this is so different and
interesting mmm I like this one
ooh I like this this is maybe my
favorite this it's a lot sweeter but I'm
not getting paid to do this or anything
I honestly just I'm really interested in
juicing and like juice cleanses and
things and I love health feast I love
like healthy foods and fruits and veg
and stuff so honestly I'm just really
waiting to share with you guys how I got
on with these juices and it's not like
sponsored or anything and mmm and like
this one I'm a big fan of pineapple and
things anyway
but yeah well I feel like um what I've
been doing this is kind of is like
filling wise it's actually more
difficult sometimes to finish the juices
then you know then it is when you'll get
it getting hungry does that make sense
and like with the the second green juice
I had today I found it difficult to even
finish because I was fool like it fills
you up um I think there's a slight
change in how my energy levels were
during a day because I'll have a lot of
energy and then a lot quite a while
after the juice then I you know feel
like I need food but it's just because I
haven't
done this kind of thing before so my
body is probably just used to the food
during the day you know in a different
form and so it's just different um but
they're really yummy that they don't
taste horrible and things and this
company is really nice I mean the
leaflet and things they that comes with
it that come with the juices it's really
like interesting and quite enough they
make it quite fun looking and things um
and I think it's quite a sorry the dog
is like chewing something up okay
he's chewing a cardboard box but um I
definitely recommend to this to do I
know and if you're on a budget it's
probably not the most accessible thing I
think I think it's around 70 it for the
day cleanse 70 pounds so but I know
that's quite a lot of that me so
thrilled to be delivered she on the day
and cold and fresh and it's quite it's
nice to do I mean even if it was just a
one-off thing
but obviously you could you could juice
it yourself but they do have all the you
know the ingredients the different
ingredients that maybe you can not
actually most do mean it's are quite
easy to pull it off but you know if you
felt like doing it why not
um but yeah you know again this just
wasn't sponsored anything I just wanted
to share and also kind of look look how
I how I'm feeling as I just drink juice
throughout the day because it's such a
weird thing to me you know I before I'd
be like what I need food man so if
you're like me and you kind of unsure
how you'd feel like I feel fine I feel
like I have quite a bit of energy quite
a lot of energy and I've been out and
about walking I worked out this morning
and and you know I've been doing emails
and stuff like that you know sitting for
this oh my god looking after and I feel
okay it's absolutely doable for once I
get hello
you want to say hi hi oh yeah Oh Betty
Maps thank you he ate I tell you guys he
ate he ate his food when he came in when
we came in from the walk so I'm really
happy yeah so he's not too bad
I hope no Assad's lecturing me about
looking after him he I've been looking
at him fine he just didn't feel like
eating this morning I think he ate
something weird don't you yeah but yeah
I think I'll have the next thing I'll do
is have the last juice later on and I'll
do a little update about ham feeling and
how that tastes when I have that one god
this camera's really have you told sorry
it's not in focus and thank you guys for
like watching my day I would have look a
bit more I hope you guys have liked this
and found it interesting I'm going to
find it interesting to look back and I
definitely juice again for if not one
day maybe two days I am a food lover so
it might be difficult but yeah it's
definitely doable
I let me know if any of you guys have
juiced and how you found it ever good
looking over then you get the chains of
white chocolate chip stupid not so
painting okay so I'm going to try the
last juice but this is the cashew
vanilla cinnamon and all that jazz stop
taunting me is it'll fit Jesus taunting
me with a white chocolate cookie so
uncool but okay Oh what it smells weird
stop it I thought I'd really like this
one but um it takes quite a lot of
cashew like more than the other
ingredients I'm not sure I words drink
it all stop telling me walk with the
cookie so evil
who you'd like my number one thing as
well hey I'm Memphis and so yeah I think
my favorite one has been the pineapple
one it had dinner we had an omelet my
first ever like proper omelet which was
amazing Jason made it anthem salad which
was oh I ate all so hungry I'm just
sorry I didn't look it but um yeah so
hope you guys have liked this video and
found it helpful and everything so gonna
eat a whole cookie now and no negative
effects and I noticed that it it helped
my bloating guy down so if you're a girl
that tends to blow it you might find it
good for that also thank you guys
watching and to see you again soon
stuffin Jelena cookie it's so unfair
