come on hook your well and so we've been
asked loads and loads of times on like
all all channels um the question of how
we met so he thought that we'd film it
and tell you guys how we met and maybe
some other answer some other questions
that we've been getting what we're doing
my hands hmm okay Mima can I be fir and
I was in holiday my family and you are
away as well I was on a yeah I was in a
work thing and it sucks because the day
that we met was my last day yes I was
like nah that's right then up for dinner
with my boss and my my my colleagues and
we had lovely it was actually the best
steak I've ever had in my Tyler um and I
had lobster I was lovely and then we
were going to go home because it's the
last night and it was getting late and
we just thought you know we just got for
one drink and we we were in the old town
of Ibiza so there's not that much to do
to go out and drink and stuff so we went
and we thought we trying to find a bar
we were walking and walking pages and we
just came across this weird little strip
I know it was on the front wasn't it
like well yeah I know I know so we came
we sat down and we had one beer we were
gonna go and then my friend my friend my
colleague Paul wanted to get pizza
because he's really oh yes no he's are
not area to Peter we get to eat so if I
was going to go we were going to go and
then we got pizza and then I looked over
what Paul actually looked over and
Spidey you and Danny your sister Danny
went oh god yeah again so this is the
link we went to the old town because my
mum had heard of this bar which was like
round the corner from where we met the
parents went back to the hotel me and
they just wanted to explore a little bit
and because twice it was still early so
we thought we'd find somewhere that we
could go and have a drink or something
and so we went round the corner and most
things were closed and there was just
one place oh this is so cute
and those is this place that was still
open and it is at like yeah it's so
weird
yes small I know these guys are sat like
two tables away and Danny went to me
really loudly Oh take their English and
I went and at the same time I went yeah
yeah that's right
and then we were like pull hair wearing
any yeah yeah I turned around away yeah
just started talking I think just like
you know like away from stuff like that
oh and then I whispered to Danny because
what was that and then I like that um we
think in it like Tom Hardy and then he
were like really no no that was it he is
my idol
absolutely yeah so then we were just
chatting and what else you carry on the
weirdest thing was like where are you
from because I'm from them well I'm not
from where I lived in a small village
and then the next village along is hmm
that village yeah it sounds like fun
yeah I'm kind of limited so it's just
crazy so I'm like no way fool I said
what you do
she's like oh I I just I'm on YouTube I
just do things just do things so anyway
it's a spec yeah run it down to my phone
yeah but I probably still got I was like
I've gotta write this down and do do the
research oh we need to give any more
details yes we need to give more detail
we were into a bar afterwards oh I don't
know I don't drink anymore personal
reasons but I did drink in time and we
were like ice get some shots yeah so we
got Jager bombs and me and my friend
Paul we just did doing my teachers
Bradley's farted oh we did I got a punch
we had wooden a line it was us two and
then Sam and her sister I mean porn I
did it bang and I looked over and they
were gone I was I know I was like as
I've alway done wrong with
and oh it stinks I can't smell I saw
that the toilet door swing as I want to
try to drink it and like I went to gulp
or something anyway I choked on the
Geiger bomb like ran to the toilet and I
was like oh my god how embarrassing it
was like oh my god they're gonna think
we're such idiots for me because Danny
could do it so standing there for little
one I was going to tell you oh my god I
am so embarrassed I can't well and then
I went out and I was like did I
embarrass you guys sorry and they were
okay actually but yeah so that's mainly
it I think yeah we met oh no but should
we carry the story on yeah Mike so that
was the last night and then we were just
texting each other pretty much non-stop
um the next time we she came to my hotel
where I was staying the next day just
the same and I was really really nervous
cuz I was like oh my god what is he like
I don't look like he thought I looked a
because you don't even know me for a few
hours like um I was like really nervous
like my heart was beating really fast
before I went to see you going and then
I was very nice and then chased them at
home so and Austin Holiday and then we
met up like when I got back the day yeah
like the day after which I guess is our
first day went to a get close the gate
oh yeah it was see Mavis and it was on a
boat in near Victoria yes which was
really really cool yeah yeah and he was
wearing a tie-dye t-shirt with wolves on
and I thought yes oh really
allophones just got in here still no no
fast try human burger I see like just
how the dogs worm was way in the dog has
weren't in oh sorry he's not like we've
been trying to knock him between us cuz
it's a bit awkward but he just gets
right in there what did you first notice
about you well I think we kind of it was
the same thing hmm
that we both like to make sure
we weren't like no don't touch me but
like you were just laid-back and just
yeah just chilled that's why I like
anyway the first thing physically that I
attract me was you're the color of your
skin really not not yeah like cuz you're
no it was a blue expression because
you're so tanned and it's a really nice
or caramel and then it's just different
yeah I'm smiling it like contrasted with
your eyes service like yeah
Oh it'll be time to come yeah it's kind
of the same because he was really like
you know how some guys are just really
rank and like - in your face and stuff
but we were just took it I think it's
cuz we just spoke to each other and it
wasn't we just it was easy to talk to
each other and it was nice so and he's
like a god or something look is that
yeah I think so
oh my gosh is up and your eyes I
was like we're amazing these are Hey
look I'm we've been asked how long have
you guys dated and decided to get
serious so we've been officially dating
since September but I feel like it's
been longer because we've been really
weird we've strayed into each other
every day since yeah bring everything I
would say we've been with each other
since July mmm
hope you guys liked this video and found
it interesting and I'll link Jason's
channel down below also we hopefully by
the time this is that would have filmed
also an accent tag so if we filmed there
and it went okay then I'll link that
down below also click the spy it we're
probably going to go now and relax and
eat and stuff oops
