hi everyone it's Valentine's Day today
and it's - Sam's first Valentine's Day
together
and unfortunately she's had to go out
and do some filming do some work for
body shop at London Fashion Week which
is really cool I'm really proud of her
and stuff but she was really upset that
she's missed or she's missing
Valentine's Day because she doesn't get
home until about 8 or 9 o'clock this
evening so I've got the morning off work
because the internet and TV people need
to come around and install the stuff so
I'm waiting for them so I've told her
the school will do Valentine's Day or no
and the Sunday cause she's doing Friday
and Saturday at work so she's gonna come
home tonight we're gonna get takeaway
and do just sure whatever but that's not
the case I am I'm gonna surprise her
I've got a shitload of balloons and
roses I'm actually currently doing I've
got 3,000 rose petals and Beth just put
over our little dining area table some
candles I didn't realize how long it's
gonna take
oh she had blown him everywhere yeah ask
him if I've got 25 large helium balloons
and a pop in the hallway so when she
walks into the door so good that I see
anything except balloons and I got this
to fill up with but yeah so I'm doing
this now
hello have you been I've been asking for
a video on how Sammy and I'm there
I think she wants to do it so yeah I
guess that's gonna be a video soon so
you're gonna do this I recommend maybe a
thousand bills three thousand until they
existed
toy it mhm but now I'm just measuring
out put my balloon weights driven it's
gonna be a little morning sit down so
this might seem like a bit of a rush
video but I've got pop to work so I just
wanted to get just to capture on video
just to so she can see and keep it as a
as a memory um but yeah I will I'll
record when I get back and I'm doing the
balloons and stuff so yeah should be
good I just got back from work and then
I prepare that evening I've got roses
which I've with no idea how to black
position I don't look right to me so I
think I'm gonna get rid of some of the
the leaves but I don't know how I'm
doing but it seems to look nice over up
leaves yeah and then
maybe it doesn't then we've got steak
and yeah and then I'll do the balloon
soon which I will show you but for now I
can go but it is quickly
okay so balloon time I got my balloon
weights on a ribbon by helium gas
canister hot blue weird hot balloons you
ever see if it works
I've never done this before either so
okay I think I've just figured out
I just remembered I've got to feed the
dogs
yeah but let me give you an idea no walk
in it's gonna be like oh but she's not
gonna see anything except balloons Riley
come on dyndns we're trading my dog to
be really obedient so watch this sit
bear in mind this food here sip wait
wait wait up wait good boy you're
training the dog by the way and he's a
puppy should always train him and by
putting your hand in the bowl all right
back to it
you know the balloons untangled done and
done
that's what the balloons are got so hey
oh it gets me every time doesn't like
that so Valentine's Day 2014
yeah right so I'm already but Sam's
things running late Oh London Fashion
Week so I'm not sure if only we have to
do to cook the steaks but instead we
call to get a reaction from all this
stuff so I'll keep recording
you know so I just got back from London
Fashion Week and I'm so in shock kept in
links like this at all I don't know I
don't know but yeah it's amazing I've
never had anything like this before a
song just like I thought we were getting
pizza isn't surprise surprising so how
would you say that
surprise surprise cooking steak some
really really it's like so I have not
even had a good steak before like ever
what kind of steak is it
how long did all this take oh my god
thanks rubbish
I have to like outdo you this place yeah
but I think a VOD
hey guys so at first I was like in like
Oh looks like I feel like I wasn't
tightly myself and because I'd been at
London Fashion Week I felt like and a
tandem star sells like but it's been
like it's been an amazing Valentine's
Day even though it's been a little bit
later and you know like it was later
than it should have been but yeah so
Jason got me this ring which is from the
great frog London and and if you guys
have been like following me recently
then you'll know that I'm obsessed with
that place like people and I have like
the Rose ring the native dead native
ring and then I can't miss me if I have
this one that and it's a love heart so
if it's focusing but you guys probably
see it loads and upcoming videos Nelson
but I love it because it works really
well with the more detailed ones as well
chitosan check it out it's an amazing
shop in Covent Garden area and yes so we
a and oh my god there's so many I want
to count them do you know how many there
are
well the Roses love my life
which is really cool you guys liked this
vlog I didn't like picking it but and
and yes sorry I haven't blogged even
more I'm just like we're both retired
it's about I think it's nearly yes
possible yes I'm gonna go to sleep soon
but I'm just totally taking about this
is I'm still in shock I didn't I didn't
expect it at all when I go from the door
I hope you'll had an amazing Valentine's
Day and and I met quite a few people
that watched me today
or like read read my blog so it was
really really really nice to meet all of
you and like thank you for coming up to
me and saying hi and yeah and I London
Fashion Week again tomorrow
check out Jason's channel so if you
haven't there's a lot of those like
amazing videos already I haven't even
been that long
no but they're good videos I mean like
will link it down below thank you guys
watching and I'll see you in my next
video or our next
