impromptu Q&A video I just asked on
tumblr for some questions okay from
perks of being Megan and if there was a
fire and you could only save one beauty
product what would you save by the way I
love your videos and you're amazing
thank you very much one beauty product
my NARS sheer glow foundation lust
versus love us when you were younger
what did you want to be when you grew up
I wanted to be a vet from anonymous what
tips would you give to someone who
wanted to start vlogging decent ish
camera doesn't have to be really really
expensive
just get some editing equipment I mean
it can be windows movie maker or iMovie
and go out there vlogs look your life or
do videos talking about what you want to
talk about and just be yourself and have
something about try to have something
about you that is like stands out a
little bit so that could just be your
personality or it could be your image or
something yes min ji er IO IO us usual
favourite One Direction member I don't
know not in one direction that much
whatever sauce would you over go to
Germany or Spain I'll drop a little
German II just because I've been to
Spain quite a few times so I'd love to
go to Germany properly I've been once
before but I didn't see anything to do
with the culture or anything so I'd love
to go back where do you see yourself in
10 years I don't know but hopefully
happy successful and and helping others
in some way and so and in a lovely house
wouldn't that be amazing to be in like a
gorgeous house and I don't know you'd
just be doing well and maybe with a kid
who knows oh like ten dogs one or the
other or both what hair mask could you
recommend the joique okay pact hair mask
is amazing it's Hannah danger us if you
could choose to live in any city which
would it be and why apart from London
because I do love London possibly Paris
I love Paris I'd love to live there for
a little while
if not New York of course New York is
amazed
or LA or Barcelona for a little while
that would be amazing
everything spontaneous and something
asks did use top races your teeth are
perfect and also how did you keep the
snow white Thanks thank you I don't use
anything on them out of the ordinary I
just use likewise in toothpaste which is
shocking that they look white because I
drink so much coffee and tea and I did
used to have braces yeah for about a
year and a half anonymous asks what's
one insecurity you have not physically
it would be like speaking and being on
the phone and things like that
physically I don't know hmm
I don't know my arms I've never loved my
arms honestly not not that much I've
just like learned to try to love
everything about my body and everything
so I don't know there probably is things
that I'm not thinking of but that's a
good thing right not to instantly think
of loads of things you hate about
yourself okay anonymous asked and
described Jason of three words caring
wise I think he's like quite why I think
a wise Jason I don't know
Oh supportive I'd say because he is
really supportive but that's kind of
like caring and so dashing hot he's
really hot I think he's weak hot okay is
that really cringey for you guys to
listen to I don't know because he looks
like Tom Hardy I think I think we should
do me and Jason's to do a video like
talking about relationship questions
that we could ask so let me know if you
guys would like to see that like where
we met how we met and all that jazz a
lot of people have been asking anonymous
asks what is one thing that happened
last year that taught you the most I
learnt to stand up for myself I know
know like I always stood up for myself
but in a really difficult situation I
learnt to stand up for myself in order
for my life to come to become better
don't be afraid to do something that
might scare you because it can mean a
more better things can come to you in
the future does that make sense yeah and
like take chances and take risks and I
learnt to take what opportunities that
come to you and try not to turn things
down failure comedy movie and command
without a doubt and command I absolutely
loved I loved the second one as well so
both of those babies are just amazing
everything spontaneous also asks
favorite albums of all time which is so
hard
I love the Destiny's Child album
writings on the wall I love Christina
Aguilera strips
I love the Gorillaz album I actually
really really love accompany what it's
called up link it down below Beyonce's
new out with my love
Kanye's old album graduation or when I
love a few of his old albums and I love
Drake's album like I love some of his
old stuff like so far gone eight women
asks how has YouTube affected your life
outside of YouTube both positive and
negative definitely affected it
positively like without you guys I
wouldn't be able to do the things that I
do and just love my job you know and
just have things that I have you know
honestly so it's affected my life
crazily well positively but also
negatively you know I put my life out
there so obviously I should expect it in
a way but all things that I do or show
you know you'll have everyone kind of
judging your life in a negative way but
with people that I know and things like
that it hasn't really affected my life
negatively in that way you know with
people taking the mickey or anything
like that I wouldn't care less anyway if
they did but I think with my personal
life when I've had personal problems
sharing some negative things for people
to judge on come be quite difficult but
you know that's that's just being on
YouTube I guess and Kaleidoscope dream
asked I'm gonna have any job in the
fashion industry what would it be
Melissa in the fashion industry I love
styling I want to see video like styling
so maybe that and not
to be a designer so I don't think I'd be
any good at it tonight I love the film
The Devil Wears Prada so anything like
that I would really like because I'm
obsessed with that film even though I
know it's not as glamorous as it looks
at all but the film makes it seem like
amazing right okay so that's the Q&A for
today I hope you guys liked it and I
love answering you know random questions
that you guys have for me and so yeah
I'm gone gone now and I'm gonna go and
eat and watch telly and stuff and edit
videos so hope you guys like this and
I'll put everything in the downbar as
usual thank you for watching
