hey guys I'm really excited today so I
just got ready and Jason's coming over
right now and today we're gonna kind of
carry on trying to get offers receive
bits and bobs and we're gonna walk Riley
and go and get coffee and just do like a
few things and then we're a using and
we're going out later on as well yeah so
I thought that I'd look again today and
and he's sort sing and do you guys like
my hair I redyed it I made it
blonder I like it let me not you think
well I suck really kind of bright today
hmm yes so I'm just kind of finishing
getting ready and stuff and then I will
update you guys in a little bit probably
be blogging as well be taking for it is
as well today because I'm doing like a
blog most kind of thing a sort of a
vlogmas so I'm looking every single day
of December hopefully is like I'm not
going to make any promises but that's
what I've been trying to do and yes so
you got a link it down below if you guys
want to see what I'm doing like on my
blog every day so yeah I need to finish
tidying this place okay I'll catch you
guys in a bit hello I can't grab a bite
to eat
oh I want coffee um Jason said his daily
cost I've and had mine oh yeah we need
to go to old home base or something
thankful thank you I've seen an amazing
Christmas tree it has blue lights and
gold
I'll show you you'll think that's
amazing
warm warm lights with golden red yeah
decorations the reason I'm being quiet
cuz I got a little something on me
Oh his name's captain Riley yep captain
Riley listen why we introduced Riley he
loves to kiss him lick JLo
morning
Riley this what's this hey so we've had
him for a while
when did the right time to introduce him
and so this is Riley tears he's about 14
15 15 weeks old and he's a French
Bulldog for those of you that aren't
sure of the breed right give daddy
kisses his mum is black and white mix I
don't know that sounds like he thinks
his dad is a blue French Bulldog and
anyway all right oil is like information
down let's go say downstairs I'm going
crazy all right all finished in the
downbar oh that says Willy oh he's in a
teeth teething phase he loves licking
what you doing what's it doing
you look crazy like an alien
- thus its Oh
hey guys it's the 14th of December now
and Mills is here sis and Jason just got
here and there's a Danny and Jason are
fighting about me it's going to what's
happening they planned this much like
come on sweet
so I might where am i aiming for
necessary you got to wait for an opening
but never like this
for now just punch my hands so are you
gonna go Joe probably now Danny fight
back fight don't worry
so guys this is how you fight no yeah
you do come on Danny
surrender incentives we're looking for
some decorations to for the tree and for
the flower
I tend grab it knots in here
the halls with boughs of holly
I found these tea lights in
Hey
Oh
around Christmas course
okay so we've got Pete so while we've
been decorating to keep Oscar Wallace
dinner I went down to get it and Jason
was going to wait for me to get back to
put the balls on the tree but then he
can't wait okay so what's the plan well
it's nice so we got pizza outside mmm
avocado and and Jason requested milk for
the lady to bring milk which is quite
funny so bless her heart she got a super
hook so he gave us some extra money for
that
oh the diet cokes warm that bitch so
we're gonna eat and carry on decorating
and yeah what happened to the Christmas
tree light those candles kind of looking
really disturbing that's for me well I
double done them to jail you didn't
double it
if I were
yeah
it's the next day but I thought I'd
finish off this vlog cuz me and Jason
didn't get a chance to like finish it
off and this week has just been like so
so crazy and been kind of China
trying to tie everything together like
decorations wise and presents and stuff
like that and like doing the tree and
everything and it's been quite it's a
success but like you know how it's just
before Christmas it's kind of crazy and
it can be quite stressful and everything
we hope that you liked you know enjoyed
watching us decorate the tree and
everything is his first tree is never
decorated to tree before or had a
Christmas tree so it was you know kind
of extra special and I'm really happy
that I got to decorate it with him as
his first tree so yes it's exciting
stuff I've been between here and my
parents house so that's why it's been
hard to get videos up recently and it's
you know just for some personal reasons
and stuff so I hope you guys don't think
that I haven't been putting as many up
in my main channel because of like some
silly reason I I've been dying to make
even more videos on my main channel it's
just been quite difficult recently so
anyway hopefully I'll be back to normal
soon and like filming more and I'm gonna
be doing a winter lookbook I know a lot
a few guys have asked me to do that so I
will be like doing that soon we hope you
liked this vlog again even though it was
a little bit kind of disjointed
throughout the days but I think that
kind of makes it interesting as well
like a through the week you know look at
what we've been doing Christmasy wise if
you guys didn't know Jason has his own
YouTube channel as well where he talks
about like motivation anxiety and a lot
a few other issues as well or he will be
talking about other issues so I'll link
that down below in the crotch bar if you
guys want to check it out and it's
already helped a lot of people so
hopefully it can help even more people
maybe I can show you guys my outfit
there's a little end to this video pear
is the same and as it always is I have
this chop on from American Apparel
which has like a kind of cropped top
like that you guys probably see before I
have on my Topshop journey jeans I love
this color that they come in and my
sister Danny had been before and then I
was eyeing them up for ages so I got
some and my shoes are from Urban
Outfitters pick those up like about a
month ago and what my coat is from
Topshop love it it's kind of faux fur
and leather and a whole lot of sexy I
hope you guys like our tree I'm really
really proud of it I'll see you guys in
my next video my next blog or whatever
you want to see on this channel
