what you doin hey y'all hope it's a
really weird enjoy today thought I'd
vlog because we're going over to jenny's
place that you saw Jenny in the other
blog I'm gonna go and have a bit of gold
for a girl time and Danny and Jenny like
are going to be recording together quite
often I'll isn't it like hopefully
weekly every week or a week per day okay
half three yes I'm gonna go and drive
over there just getting ready and we
just also had this search that we've
done for the Sun there's a song on the
radio at the moment Akane it's like it
house dancing yeah and it goes did I did
it did it did it did it did how do we
were like what is it what it look like
cuz is my word so we've done a long
search and I found it it is martin
garrix animals I think I love you I
think we might grab a coffee or
something and then go oh and for I go I
can shoot you guys a wonder that you
can't really see the color but I'm
wearing I got this the other day because
we're more had 340 or something I got
it's called starry eyes number 128 it's
like this even though I look horrible in
this light thing but uh that's on my
lips and my eyes I went with a bit of
cold today which i haven't done forever
catch you guys in a minute so basically
guys have created a Facebook page so if
you guys want to follow it and you're
more than welcome to and it's all my
mom's just talking on phone and it's a
Randy there's not a lot on it right now
but some of you guys have already
commented and stuff say thank you and
I'll try to keep it updated I'm not the
best person on Facebook but i'll try my
best i'm trying to be better i'm dating
and everything
um some like hey guys so I'm at Jenny's
house right now xenium Sonia just like
getting ready to sing together I'm gonna
help them like set up and things like
that the tenant law jenni wanted to get
me to sing but I don't think this
committee she's over it it's jen she
faced bitches are you looking fab Hey
look at the lashes literally oh my god
you still owe me this hi hey we're gonna
stay example say she's really good cigar
some people's no no first I might see
you like a little bit and then you guys
can like see what you think but I called
I'm not very gardening I don't know how
to sing I just matches the fire pit Jen
you add me some green and peppermint is
really nice actually and my arm hurts
now it's delicious i'm so good in the
drake one yeah five of you together it
just works own so I just before this is
one I think she's going towers three one
two three go F first I was afraid I was
petrified gonna think I can never live
without you by my side but that's not so
many nights just thinking how
me wrong I'd were strong and I learned
how to get along and so you're bad it's
our different surprise he likes it to go
to giggle oh so guys this is alfredo he
is so bloody cute this is Jenny's like
big puppy here yak still like a puppy hi
Alfie what's up how's it going how's it
hangin oh poor good boy good boy oh I
think he likes me oh I think he is about
seven months old and he's a Labrador a
chocolate-colored love lab so if you can
tell on camera though okay afraid cuz
you've got I enter I vlogs him I do it
she looks o me o do the poor poor oh no
out poor guy Alfredo oh that he liked
him i change my tire no Sherlock is
video Billy good i need to put this away
my sound of my boobs oh hello everybody
needs a bosom froze hello everyone needs
a little love get down i thought it back
what song is that like I mean Ian I'm
not hate that song but don't know why
everyone's party haha Nicola
bosom propeller everyone is it was
amazing I just have to look this pumpkin
because it's amazing it reminds me of
harry potter where'd you get it for do
you have an allotment yeah that's so
cool I just want to like turn it into
something oh cuz it or not crack a man
uh Oh what's his name Fred Fred okay
sexy this is so happy the best that's
Bruno oh oh my god yeah i think is a
brilliant hellooo down- from brandy
melville guys a suitable and i'm just
wearing primark let's look really
fashionable prymaat velvet leggings
inside black velvet lining and also if
you guys have seen his tattoo but it's a
hot shape look and danny has the key to
it and my suckss goodnight were there
from Jen's got my hat on my own I'm
filming a cover to I will survive and
it's gonna be amazing I've innocent to
them like rehearse ok yeah yeah it's
it's so good so when will it be up in a
few days or ill be up in about two days
and about two days or slow om i'll link
it down below when when it's up so you
guys hold on lipstick mighty yeah you're
going to check it out they sound so
amazing when they sing together and if
you haven't seen hold on we're going
home yeah bye bye that look at their
cover then check that out all in that
tumblr as well so so lovely like
listening to people do their thing it's
like that's so talented I just had some
pork looms it pause breaking out here oh
that's so horrible what did you say I
love the break it out there yeah well
you will I think so oh why not we're all
normal yeah yeah thanks / no makeup on
for the video site behind the scenes
with me the handsome jennifer james
house pepperoni is a bizarro glow hahaha
except focus on the door oh you alone it
away oh I'll fake another pool oh thank
you want to take your home Diddy y'all
so Jenny's been awaiting awaits of fresh
low energies it's like any good juice
them boy I really wanna do sir I
wouldn't stare in orange orange yeah
okay go all right hahaha hey Laurent I'm
peerdom orange oranges hey you came back
after Oh still this store I think she
had a dream oh that's free and last
night I had a nightmare and it was I
could literally I was really scared it
was like as if we we have to like above
and nice and flat with me yeah and there
was a spying on this guy kept on I'd
kill me but like with a knife and stuff
it was so scary I brother knife in your
in your nightmare it stops yeah yeah
yeah so I bought a gun on the shot him
and then he ran off in the night by
shopping wait wait forever in trying to
get you income cap comic stairs slowly
like that oh yeah everything
I've got the gun I would sink it was a
big like rights to give me the girl
public it's megan anyone limping on oh
look how big they look there they do
that big better it's just young
maybe I'll buy again oh so fresh turn
something that's very obvious oh I'm
orange and apple visit La Fleur Thank
You Jenny thanks Joe shy bang bang bang
yeah the way you walk whoa it's all that
tough you knocked me out shoot you right
down open your free just got back home
and I'm always so so tired I'm really
knackered so probably won't block a lot
more today but also you guys will meet
Riley really really soon and when I'll
sort of Jason yesterday we filmed and
I'm just gonna like finalize that video
and everything and like finish that off
and then you guys can meet Ronnie but
and if you want to talk with Riley he
has an Instagram it's captain Riley but
it's cpt Riley if you Riley this is my
dog thank you guys for watching speaking
mixed absence now anyways I hope you
like this little blog today and
