bit of a different video today I'm just
doing my makeup because I've wrapped
head up to London
I'm just doing my concealer what should
I do next
I've got your powder I'm actually
working with Borgia war on this video
and I'm gonna be testing out their Rouge
velvet the lipsticks I've got a whole
range here to show you guys all of the
colors we'll choose one to wear
throughout the day and I really want to
test it out to see the longevity of it
just like how it's gonna wear how the
colors gonna last as well and I think
this will be really interesting because
since having Indy as well being a mom
like my beauty routine has had to like
change and adapt to kind of go with my
lifestyle now and so I feel like I need
much more effective like long-lasting
products which also simple and what they
do like I don't have time to around
with makeup products am sure a lot of
you guys understand that as well with
bourgeois lip products that I've tried
before they usually do last really
really long on the lips and yeah they
just last all day so I'm gonna be trying
out the Rouge Velvets as well and let's
see how I get on during the day so I
promise I'm not gonna take it off during
the day and I'm gonna be like eating
drinking I don't know just running
around town talking laughing like I'm
doing everything that you do during a
day that can usually make your your like
your lip products wear off let me show
you guys this color range so here we go
this is the color range oh my god
because I love my news and these red so
a red could be lovely as well and then I
love my dark tones as well but because
it's all day and I'm gonna be like I've
got a lunch as well to go to I'll
probably go for a bit more of a nude
let's see it's between flim flaming rose
and bric-a-brac these are the two that
I'm going to choose between oh I don't
know which one I think we're gonna go
for this one it's a bit pinkier and it
is more of like a color that I wear you
like you know running around town
day-to-day flaming rose that's
to powder so right now it's 10:00 to
11:00 in the morning just letting you
guys know what time it is because I just
you sought to know isn't it if you're
wondering as well my earrings are from
ASOS I love it's my first day wearing
them you would have seen them in my
daily vlogs if you've been watching my
september of looks well i noticed
straight away with these lipsticks is
that i love the shape but it's already
kind of shaped for your lips if that
makes sense okay this is the color
oh you guys my outfit in the very
quickly I'm going to throw some sort of
jacket on over as well but earrings are
from ASOS I'll link everything down
below my tops from and other stories
just a plain black turtleneck jeans are
Topshop straight leg jeans don't know
what shoes and jacket to wear yet but
I'll probably show you guys that later
I'm gonna finish getting ready and then
I'm gonna make my way to the train
station and I'll probably catch you guys
in London first objective to see how
this lasts second objective is to find
myself my winter coat I really want to
go into and other stories because I love
ones that they have in there so yeah I
need to try myself a winter coat and I
would love to find myself Prince of
Wales check blazer jacket as well and so
I might go head into mango and I really
wanted it tea candle as well we'll see I
can already feel it setting like it goes
on really creamy really soft and creamy
and I can feel it kind of setting on the
lips and it's still really soft so
about an hour in the lip feels really
really nice still really soft so it
doesn't dry really matte than like
crusty like it's still movable let's see
how it lasts three lunch
I've just come out of my lunch and I
wasn't it like filming eating and things
but because a little chatting and it
just it felt bit weights like pull the
camera out and like film well it's how
we doing it's dead-on still going strong
I've done a lot of talking laughing
eating drinking now I'm going on a bit
of a shopping trip flush hunts and
whatever I do find I'll show you when I
get home properly though I just got some
bits from Muji because I just needed a
little bit of storage for the house and
I'm just heading to and other stories
now so I'm in mango and I found what I
was looking for so I don't really like
the quality so I might keep looking it's
very thin I don't know
hmm she's very flimsy here we go the
mother lode I don't know what they'll be
like with me filming so I'll do my best
I love this color I don't know if it
looks a bit plain okay I think it's
between this one which is more of a rap
one you probably can't see because it's
just so black there now you can see but
I think the other one makes me look a
lot more fit together
and then there's this one and if like
this is more of a boss bitch sort of
kind I really like
I like that the shoulders are much
sharper so this is it properly on
kind of it I think this is the one
let's check up on it it's about things
about half 3 p.m.
I've not reapplied not taking it off
it's doing well now it's but I really
also want a red jumper is like a staple
piece this autumn winter so I'm choosing
between these three and that's the
better they're all so different it's
sort of like the bitten Devil Wears
Prada but they are all so different like
that's an orangey red and this is a
scratchy material and that's dress this
is the jumper dress one so it comes some
really low elf Annette love the sleeves
no it's just very heavy for I like this
one I love this tone of red think it's
much more me think
I don't love the length on touch though
this one I love the color I love the
fits but I don't know if I like the
orange II it's like a tomato color
Oh such nice material that's so annoying
so I was really naughty I just went and
got myself a mini diptych candle because
it's also winter now I'm gonna go get
myself a coffee
so just got home let's have a closer
look
it's 5:30 and this is how let me go more
into the light this is how the lips look
em it's been hours and hours and usually
I always top up my lip products so that
is it is amazing for just applying it
once and like that's been it and I've
done so much today and I've been talking
so much and stuff so long-lasting
it's just perfect if you're always like
running around if you're a mom or if
you're I don't know just if you've got a
really busy lifestyle so I wanted to do
a little bit of a haul and show you guys
what I picked up maybe I'll do some cut
I want to show you it properly so maybe
because right now I'm using my blog
camera so I kind of want to show you
guys that in even better quality yeah oh
my god I love the coats so much I went
to Muji and I thought this because I
thought this could be really good in my
kind of like dressing room wardrobe room
and put my sunglasses in I don't really
have proper storage for my sunglasses so
I've got this I'm really hoping that if
they fit in here because that would be
really bad this one because it's for
earrings jewellery they had one on
display in the store but Junior Ian and
I thought it looks so nice so hopefully
these will kind of go together and I
just thought these two plain things for
my bathroom so got loads of like random
products around my boss so I just wanted
to have a bit of organization then I've
got a little something from only look
how lovely that bag oh my god it's
beautiful oh I'm gonna link it down
below I can't go over it is so pretty
when I put the slippers he's got a photo
book candled mini one I love this I
wanted actually been been chuan I love
that one but they didn't do that one in
a mini and I just wanted a mini I don't
want to spit I didn't feel like slip did
40 pounds on my candle and then you guys
saw the code this is I think all these
bits down below it's just such a good
staple investment piece for this also
winter like I've always kind of
like skimped out it's at the word I've
always kind of like skimmed towel with
coat like went my winter coat and been
my I want to spend that much on it and
it's something that I think so I was in
episode oh by the way like the longest
I've ever been in that store and because
I just think it's something you really
have to think about properly you have to
like try it on give it a good try I
think I made the right choice I'm really
excited about wearing it a few times
there was something that I kind of have
my eye on but I left it and then when
someone else goes up to it on the rail
and then is interested then it makes me
want to like go back and get it is
anyone else like that if you see someone
else looking at the thing you had your
eye on you're a bit like that's my I
think this lipsticks done really really
well it's just it's such a nice finish
it's nice and soft it was a good day
today I'm really glad I loved like
bringing you guys along with me when I'm
shopping in town I don't know it's just
a bit different let me know if you'd
like me to do more of these because I
could do them for when I'm shopping for
my certain like staple pieces so I think
that's it this video thank you guys so
much for watching I hope you're all
doing really well I met some of you guys
as well today in London I'll see you
guys in the next one I hope you enjoyed
it bye right
