hey guys and so I was tacked a little
while ago by Diana from Ooty zombie
she's tagged me to do the i heart full
tag and I think I done this last year
i'm sure i did but like she said some of
our answers what I've changed and like
or opinions change when stuff and yes
since she tags me I thought I would do
it oh also a link Diana down below I
absolutely love her channel I love her
favorite full lip products and I love
loads of different ones so it's really
hard to choose but I love rebel from mac
absolutely love this as a full or
awesome lip color I also love max
russian red or any map red color and but
i also know max flat out fabulous i've
been loving this autumn as a winter
color because it's more purpley I just I
think it's cool number two favorite for
nail polish ironically I don't have any
no varnish on at the moment but two
colors that I've been really liking
recently have i've been wearing this to
death this is soo simple colors in black
on black John and then I've been loving
muted green kind of colors and this is
from models own and it's grey screen
favorite full candle I think so far it's
been warm spice from from yankee candles
funk the yankee candles warm spice which
oh yeah another Yankee Candle obsessive
person but I'm really not that fussy
with candles if it smells nice you know
I don't mind it doesn't have to be a
certain brands or anything but I've been
loving this this is definitely my
favorite so far favorite full sent or
perfume um that's quite hard actually
but don't really have one like
specifically for the cold weather or
anything I know just like since I have
some sense that i like and i kind of
just tend to wear them all the time and
so probably like my wife Sal Perez en
and this is like my go-to fragrance for
if I've like my favorite one apart from
miss dior cherie oh my god
it's a fire alarm how's it going on
favorite food drink and this year I've
been absolutely loving like making my
own hot chocolates i use the green and
black powder and apart from that I all I
ever get is the coaster medium vanilla
soy latte this drink green tea type so
so if you can hit it's so weird actually
because like it's where that don't Diana
said that we we like change and things
over the year or so because risa I've
gone off starbucks completely i have
like just discovered that cost of coffee
tastes so much nicer and it's so much
more like i don't know what it is it's
just nicer like the lattes from there
and everything so i tried one pumpkin
spice latte just to try again to be like
cool you know cuz i had it's so long and
i actually it was ok but but i just
wasn't as fast about it as i was last
year and I really was last year this
year it's just lattes like vanilla
lattes and hot chocolates really I can't
wait to go to winter wonderland and have
amaretto hot chocolate mmm favorite full
scarf or accessory rings just like
stacking silver jewelry if so these are
from shop dixie sword link them down
below and but yeah i'm back into
stacking rings i absolutely love them
and i have my ring from the great frog
and which is just off carnaby street
which i am in love with so much so
that's probably my favorite accessory
for this winter already i don't know i
always wear my hair the same way so i
probably just this just big and probably
gonna be like this all winter or i'll
just put it up in a ponytail or
something favorite full activity is
probably i don't know how can i say
christmas shopping it and also like
getting bits for the for your house and
starfighters by Christmas tree and
making hot all this so many things i
like doing watching films and and also
to not i really like info i feel like
you spend whoa i feel like you spend a
little bit more time with family as well
so that's what I really love about it
and that's why i love christmas as well
because i love just being around the
family what's your favorite thing about
four and again just like the drinks and
the the flavors the style I love ah like
oh like getting amazing the coats that
you can wear jackets and you can layer
up and wear boots and earth yeah I love
all of that jazz I'm not liking the cold
though this year best full memory I
think one of my best fall or autumn
memories was actually going to see
firework actually I love going to see
fireworks like every time I want to see
some fireworks a firework display yeah I
sound so like cheesy but it's or it
always feels really magical and I just
love like everyone getting together and
just wrapping up and like watching the
fireworks and the smell of it as well
like you can smell the fireworks and it
that sounds really weird but I do love
like boom finite and and sparklers I get
so really I think they make me really
happy hottest full trends like the kind
of big pink coats that like that's a
trend at the moment i think i don't
think i'll get one because i don't know
i don't know but i think they look
really nice and other people so that's a
trend i've liked lastly it's tag for
favorite youtubers and i'm always so bad
at this oh I'll tag Tasha green and
Helen man and lady um Oh wanna be um and
there's so many people that I watched
you know like that i really like so it's
really really hard Shannon from at shan
x 0 and so i'll link them down below and
but you're all talk so if you want to do
this video then feel free to do it and
thank you so much china for tagging me
and thank you for watching and I'll
leave everything down below if what I'm
wearing and things like that and yeah
I'll see you come loose no see you guys
in my next video mmm
