hey guys hope you're all well and slow
today Jason and I are going to do like a
pictionary tag video pictionary fish
mere pait so we advise finish or five
films and the other obviously the other
person has to guess what it is sure i'm
at Shea pictionary interesting game I
wanted your first you gotta fuck yeah
hey my first one is go this father I oh
oh my god so hard ok very sick what the
hell is flying carpet is it love you
golden choice yeah oh sorry oh my god
boy you for this maybe that was a
giveaway you can't write all that's what
I took my ride Oh cheater cheater oh
this is my list or the first one anyway
pretty easy oh cool good go yea high
Plaza let me forget to do which one
doesn't matter shine if you don't like
it one of them hi plaza and the chain
mercy yeah my next one
three two one go okay Lisa Simpson ah
what is it Harry Potter no oh long
future where is it navani oh oh there's
no flowing which it down you know but I
thought lying rich Lippmann there is no
lying it's a beating and as a lift
elevator for the American you have you
seen I'm just done as a line look at
there are you changing us you've lost it
hello I i gave it close by next one is
boom know what it is Betty Lou's ring
know which one is it oh the two towers
to one cuz you cheat on us one said it's
gonna be funny ok this is my next one
star trek Casper the Friendly Ghost
ghostbusters
cat dog oh come oh why not John aha oh
that's been in focus Oh easily like it
helps make some sound effects my next
one is that one ah that's oh ok
stairpeople hey twin know uh transgender
people all right I'm gonna die now
stands this little stairs okay I go um
that's stair case what is that step yes
oh ok my next one BAM Oh is good ok
no okay what what would help what is
that won't god yes hey what is this Oh
shadow is Jack oh yeah what's one of
them look black yeah look don't that
guns okay Oh third one's gonna be quite
hot
yeah yeah this is my last one what is
that bomb
boy girl don't smoke that dog school Oh
pop fiction is the hair got it that's
right I stop kissing or my last one is
James Bond yeah yeah it's the thing yeah
mmm cool hey one yay something has
erupted my fish your fish day someone
with everything just suck all of those
Oscar I don't wear makeup oh yeah no he
doesn't wear makeup hope you guys like
this video well yeah we're probably do a
question and answer video because we did
get a skype my sport is just putting me
off okay so I'm gonna hold it like you
guys are free to do this video as well
if you want to as like a nag you what
don't listen to I don't want to talk too
much is still my video Molly's and also
jason has a tunnel as well that just
save it now i'm doing a channel is it's
not like an entertainment or beauty or
channel it's on issues like pressure and
anxiety so I'm giving advice on a lot of
different issues I bit more serious than
this but yeah yeah um check out i'll
link it down below if you guys on a
check out you should thank you guys
watching goodbye yeah what about I did
you say if you have any suggestions for
us today yeah if you guys have any more
suggestions or what's the other word
requests for other videos and
no leave it down below you've fallen all
from that video yeah sure I'll challenge
but Bobby really bad fine I don't know
what somebody like ya could use good
mushroom pizza my people my actual I
just okay 12 we went to fancy dress
party my friends just tagged me in this
Thanks it
