hey guys hope you're well and so I
thought I'd do a video all about my hair
and I've done this a few times so I
thought I'd do another one because um
I've done some videos here in there
about my hair and things like that and
then sometimes I change my hair up and
or check all use different things on it
and people asking the same questions
especially since I've had this recur Lee
type of hair so I thought I'd do a video
here on my vlog channel addressing all
the questions and and a lot of it you
probably have heard before but a lot of
people do keep asking so this is for
those of you that might not have seen my
other hair videos one of the main
questions I get asked is what is the
color of your hair what's your hair
color called I don't know there's no
actual proper color name for it or
anything because I don't go to get it
colored and ask for a color or anything
like that I do it myself and but I'm
going to show you guys what I do to
achieve this color if I had to explain
it I don't know who like her chestnut
light brown strawberry like I don't know
oh no Bo tried it but I like for it to
look like a kind of very light brown /
dark and dark ashy blonde color next
question is that your natural hair no
it's not my natural hair I wish it was
cuz I'd love my natural hair to look
like this but no this is it we've
another question what is your natural
hair look like I have a video on my main
channel where I have my natural hair out
and I talk to you guys all about it and
go into everything to do my natural hair
so I will link that video down below
what Harry using the hair I use is from
a company called dole hair collection
and I will link their website down below
they do the route they do the most
gorgeous hair it's virgin hair I've been
using virgin hair for a long long time
and that means that the hair hasn't been
like processed a lot too hasn't been
colored and stripped of its like natural
state from its natural curl pattern and
this hair that I use is the Mongolian
tight curl tight curly hair
so again I'll link the exact one down
below also I know you forgot to mention
on the doll hair connection website they
actually have a section that is get the
look of like getting the look of my hair
on the website so I will show you guys
what that looks like but you can also
check it out yourselves and I just think
it's lovely that they've done that and
so you guys can like go and see and then
I order it in light brown I think it is
and then on to the next question what do
I do to get get the hair this color from
it being quite dark what I do is I just
go into boots I get em air bleach so I
usually get the l'oreal maximum bleach
lightens 3 dark hair to blonde so i get
any kind of strong bleach i know i
should get a better one like one that
isn't one from boots or something but I
literally I'm just quite lazy to be
totally honest and but I make sure to
condition the hair a lot afterwards and
things like that and then I use this one
oh this is the one I always use to get
the color that I have this color
actually is a little bit more orange
than I like I've been meaning to tone it
down a little bit more but anyway I use
this one this is the Claire all nice and
easy and it's a 106 natural medium ash
because I really like the kind of ash
blonde look I don't like it to look too
orange I tried for it to not look too
orange and then if it does come out a
little bit more orange than I want it I
use a purple shampoo just to get rid of
the brassy tones a little bit more so
that is what I use on my hair that's but
yeah that's what I do and when I get the
hair from doll hair collection I usually
get let to length socket length 16 and
18 or like 18 and 20 and then then my
hair just like creates the shape that I
want and the volume and everything and
using the two different lengths also
another question what like who does my
hair Nanna at Yanis hair sanctuary which
is a hairdressing sim right slip I've
been going every year so it's all about
like 14 or something they are so so
lovely and they're so friendly
professional so if you guys want to
check out that hair just a song or leave
their website down below as well and I
really recommend them that
such lovely people and by the way I
haven't been like our to do this video
about anyone it's just to like answer
all the questions that you guys you know
ask me so also when I go to the
hairdresser so I ask for a full head of
weave and and yeah that's what I've been
asking for for quite a few years now
because also it helps my natural hair to
grow when it's just put away in braids
my natural hair is growing loan since
I've been getting it open away so ya
never feel like what I ask them for when
I go to the head also by the way this is
it the talks I know some people say why
don't you show your hair at the top yep
what I usually show is the picture of it
sounds silly but Rihanna in the can't
get enough video where her hair is curly
and big and literally that video that
music video that's what I showed my
hairdresser and asked her to create so
I'll link again another link or link a
picture of Rihanna in that video
products you use and I got this product
actually from my hairdresser
it's the karekare twisting define cream
so I'll dump in my hair or after washing
my hair I'll use this and I've I have
showed this before in a hair video and
so that defines the curls I've got that
in today as well it has a little bit
frizzy though please excuse it apart
from that I just use like hair serums or
curl creams but I don't like to use a
lot of product in the hair salon it's to
be weighed down how do you style your
hair and I've got a video on what I do
to start my hair I think it was doing a
getting ready with me video something no
it's in a hair video okay so again I'll
link that down below because I have like
one full of this stuff before but still
a lot of people do ask me so I actually
just like wash my hair and then I
blow-dry it but using a diffuser and and
then I kind of scrunch it for my hands
as well and just mold it to how I want
it to look sometimes when I have my hair
up and like I leave the front bit down
and have my glasses on some people are
it's kind of like that okay some people
ask how I do this star okay so literally
I I don't do anything I just literally
tie it up in a hair band like that and
that is it
my glasses on and I tie it with a
hairband
I literally just stick my hair up in a
ponytail so when I do that still that's
all I do
and I hope you guys like this video and
I hope I covered everything I feel like
it was quite quick but that might be
because I only don't do that much and
yeah thank you guys when you say that
you like my hair and everything and if
you have any more questions that I
haven't addressed leave them down below
and I'll try to answer them for you guys
in the comments thank you guys so much
for watching and thank you for your
questions as usual and I think that's
about it I'm so excited for Halloween
it's really really soon I hope you guys
all have a really good Halloween thank
you guys for watching and I'll see them
next one bye
