hey guys and hope you're well so as it's
October when it's like Halloween season
and everything Jason and I are gonna
okay we're gonna try and carve these
pumpkins like faces and like this we're
both going to try and do it it's all
don't start my pocket oh boy all right I
start helping you I'm gonna start and
she's gonna choose where to today I
think sir let's do it happy Halloween we
can't look at each other the ER okay
before I look at my hair the circle
shape
let me see us when go example Oh
we're ready okay okay we're done and
ready you're so honest here I smell bad
yes Oh God at all Thank You Missy yours
that's good what's more realistic like
I'm i upside down oh my god the I hear
you guys don't done better so hope you
guys like this video it was really fun
to do yeah it was massive if you guys
want to do it as well and Eve it as a
video response just like leave it down
below and then we can all see each
other's crazy Punk believe the link down
below to the video that we got the
inspiration from and happy Halloween
yeah
