hey guys I hope you're well I've just
I've just finished filming a video for
my main channel so then I thought I
would well I've been planning to do this
video so I thought I would do it now I
really want to do a video on like people
that are having problems with
relationships and you know people that
are maybe unhappy with their situations
at the moment and the main thing but you
need to be doing for yourself is to be
happy and if anyone is feeling a little
bit trapped or like they have no one to
talk to or anything maybe I can answer
by answering some of your questions it
could help some people I'm not trained
professionally or anything and I'm not
sitting here saying that my answers are
like the best thing to do ever so if you
guys think my answers might not be the
best thing you know you can leave you
can leave it down below in the comments
saying well I don't think you should do
that but you know it's just my opinion
so maybe my opinion or advice can help
some people out there I asked on tumblr
if some people went to ask me some
anonymous questions and things like that
that I could answer whew I might be able
to answer all of them in this video
because it would be really long so I'm
just going to pick out some first
question I've been on and off with
someone for the best part of nine months
and I've never liked someone so much but
he just does not appreciate anything I
do the way he talks and looks at other
girls has literally made me change the
whole way I look hair color and
everything and he I'm so in love with me
when he's just with me but not when he's
not with me the best advice would just
be to leave I know but I know you
understand to our heart that is is there
any way to make it easier if someone is
like not appreciating things you do and
is making you feel like you're not good
enough because it sounds like you've
been questioning the way that you look
like by changing your hair color and
things like that and that he's looking
at other girls and I'm maybe he's
comparing you if I'm guessing that's the
situation and first off it's almost not
appreciating what you do for them that's
just not good enough if you're going out
of your way to like join me like to be a
good person to them and it should be
equal in what you're putting in and what
they're putting in and
now the other massive thing obviously as
if he's like if you feel like you're
being compared to other girls it sounds
like oh the worst thing is for you to
feel about Lo about yourself and to feel
like you should change yourself because
they should love you for exactly who you
are they should be he should be bringing
you up not they're just should not be
any comparison and if thinking about it
you could be of someone that really
loves you like likes you and really
loves you for who you are like there's
so many people out there that would love
you for who you are and that would
wouldn't even dream of comparing you to
anyone else
and you shouldn't be comparing yourself
to anyone else but or you can leave and
you you can take the time to build
yourself back up
so loving who you are and have the hair
car you want and you know look how you
want to look and then when you're when
you're comfortable with how you are and
and you know like you love yourself
that's when that's when you'll kind of
you know naturally attract someone that
would love you for how you are this
sounds so cheesy but seriously it's
really true you're amazing how you are
so it's like they're not appreciating
that than someone else come at the end
of the day I feel like we all have a gut
feeling of what you should do and if
you're already thinking about leaving
then that kind of answers your in
question it looks like you're so young
as well that you've got so much time and
like there's so many other people that
could love you so yeah hi I wanted to
submit a question for your relationship
advice how do you handle temper
annoyance and irritation when you have
been with someone for so long also what
do you do when you question the
relationship as in should you stay or
not and all thanks for the help have a
great day thank you for your question I
don't know if you mean with handling
their temper or your own temper but I'll
just go with like talking about both if
it's happening too much and if it's like
kind of everyday you feel like you're
getting really worked up and you're
getting angry at each other you don't
want to be with that person for years
and years if every single day there's
going to be horrible
you know bad vibes and negativity and
you're getting irritated with each other
that's so like a big warning sign that
it's probably not going to work out if
you're really irritating each other all
the time if it's kind
um every now and then you'll get snappy
at each other and you have pet peeves
about each other I probably say to
communicate about it talk about it to
each other and talk about the things
that kind of you know like the things
that kind of get under your skin about
each other but not in a not in a
horrible way not in an argumentative way
but just talking talking it out and
being like look you know to be honest I
don't
I really don't like it when you do this
and there and that get that annoys me
and if you if both of you want to make
it work and if you are compatible then
you both can make an effort to combat
what it is that's annoying you and
irritating you and hopefully they're
things that you can work out but if not
then you might want to have a serious
talk about it and be like look we're
just we're clashing all the time is it
going to work and so I think
communication with that is the best
thing to do don't like sit there for
ages thinking really annoys me that
really annoys me and like don't tell
them what it is you just talk about it
what do you do in your question and
relationship as in should you stay or
not if you're thinking about questioning
it then that's probably a warning sign
anyway I mean if you're not happy and
you're thinking about leaving I've been
in a situation where I was thinking
about it and it can take a long time for
you to make a final decision think my
instinct comes naturally telling me what
would make me happier so there are you
happier when you're not around that
person alright you happier when you're
around that person do they make you
happy um are they do they bring you down
do they talk down to you know like are
they bringing you down like verbally and
things like that
because that's just not good to be
around are you happier when you're
around other people and if you're
happier when you're on your own and if
you're like relieved when you're away
from that person then you're probably
better off being on your own you've had
some time to look at the relationship
like if it was a friendship even like a
different type of relationship and if
you're in a if you're in a friendship
with this guy or girl um just a normal
friendship would it be would you buy now
of got rid of them as a friend because
they've kind of taken the piss just as a
friend and see if that see what you
think about that sometimes in
relationships people can get you
- taking a lot of crap and then you
that's what makes you confused if you
should end it or not you should be
taking any crap you know like there's
obviously a line like obviously there's
normal arguments and things like that
and you're not normally get irritated at
small things but if you feel like it's
not worth it like it's just too much
then usually that's that's telling you
know it's that's when you should be
leaving it hi Sonny I love you so much
you're my inspiration thank you that's
really sweet I'm 19 and love my
boyfriend we have been together since I
was 17 I just I just think he's so needy
and I don't know what to do he lost his
job six months ago and all he does is
feel sorry for himself and doesn't want
to find another one I feel like he's
draining the happiness of me from me and
I don't know what to do I love him but
sometimes I don't what do i do Sammy
um okay first off you both need to be
you both need to be doing you um anyway
like separately from each other you both
need to be doing your own thing and you
know working towards something and it
shouldn't be like one is sucking from
the other at all so first off he should
be trying to sort himself out I know it
can be really hard to like find another
job because that's like really hard at
the moment but you need to talk to him
and be like you need to sort yourself
out like he can't all be down to you and
he can't come crying to you all the time
who himself should be trying to sort his
happiness out because you can't rely on
each other for a penis you might feel
like you're the only person that he has
at the moment and but it can't all be
down to you like you're you you'll be
there for them but up into a certain
point and after then after then it's
just like they're as you said they're
sucking everything from you if you're
already aware that it is him sucking the
happiness from you that needs to stop
now because that will get worse probably
and then also he'll he might start
relying on you for many other types of
things if you're saying that you love
and sometimes you don't that's flaky
anyway so I mean so communication tell
him that you're not happy that you're
not happy that he's not trying to sort
himself out and you feel like there's
maybe a lot of weight on your shoulders
and say that mainly say that if he
doesn't try again to look for a job or
try again to sort his life out then
you've had enough you know like you're
you're leaving because it's not fair on
you and I maybe you know if you don't
want to be as harsh as to say I'm gonna
leave you tell him that he's making you
unhappy so you know and buy from him
hearing that he should that should make
him want to sort himself out anyway and
if he doesn't and then he still carries
on doing nothing with himself and
sucking from you you need to cut it off
because it's just not worth it it's not
worth it you could be of someone that
has something going for them in life and
you've got your own problems to sort out
don't I mean at the end of the day so
you can't be have someone else like you
can't be dragging their weight as well
as yours I've been friends with this guy
for ages and never saw him as more than
a friend until recently started hanging
out and flirting and then we got
together last week while we were drunk
but now I just don't know if I want to
be of him or not I don't know if I even
fancy him I'm happy on my own but it
feels like everyone expects me to have
been in a serious relationship by now
and 23 I don't use him so if this is
long thanks Sammy it's not long so it
sounds like what you had is probably
more of a lost kind of thing I guess
because it because if you kind of got
together and now you're not sure it is
probably more like loss can you get them
can you not you know like in a way it's
like it was more fun doing the chase
then when you know now now you've done
the chase it's like me it sounds like if
you're already a bit like I'm done if I
like him don't pursue it and just be
honest and just say look I'm just not
looking for a serious relationship and
don't use him if you think you might use
him then you probably will so just be
honest and say look I'm sorry if I was
sending mixed signals but I've just
decided that I don't feel like being in
a serious relationship at the moment and
also don't who cares if he mean if
people think that you should have been
in a serious relationship right now
that's totally your decision you
shouldn't worry about other people
thinking you should be in one or not
because you could be in one and then end
up really unhappy so you need to just
wait for the right person for that
anyway don't feel rushed you're still
really really young and so just have fun
with life like if things like this
happen it can't kind of suck but
sometimes just think don't happen things
might work out as you thought they would
and people don't end up being exactly
how you thought they would be so I would
just kind of say I'm sorry but yeah just
be honest
anonymously I've been in abusive
relationships before finally got with a
guy who waited five months for me
he's amazing and I was his first
girlfriend but he got scared and ended
it and just said he needs to be single
he's not the type to sleep around and I
know and I know I don't want anyone else
but I can't wait for him as its messing
with my head and I don't know how to get
over him we're still friends though if
he says he needs to be single then he
say needs to be single I guess you'll
just have to I mean that's you know I
don't know I guess that's his choice to
say that and that's what he feels like
he honesty once if you're saying you
don't think he'll go and sleep around
then that's a good thing you know so
he's not saying that just to go and like
play the field but um yeah if he's
saying it needs to be single then I
guess you have to honor that there'll be
other guys there'll be so many other
guys up driven in a bat in bad
situations before that not all guys will
be like that and we'll take you know
we'll be abusive there are so many guys
that won't you know I mean so you will
find someone else that is lovely and
would treat you properly don't wait for
him because you never know I mean you
could be waiting forever or he might
chase you like as soon as you as soon as
you get over him you might chase you
again like you never know what's gonna
happen but for now you have to get on
with your life get on with yourself and
be around people and life has a funny
way of throwing things at you because
you're saying also that like you don't
you might not want anyone else but you
never know who's gonna pop up in line so
instead of waiting for someone who's
saying they want to be single just do
your own thing and like you'll probably
stumble
for someone who is amazing he's making
it difficult for you so let him do his
thing do your thing and it will be hard
at first try and you know try not to
think about him but obviously it's just
like time redoes help so just give
yourself some time
hey Sam so currently I'm talking to a
guy who seems to be juggling me with
another guy but not really committing to
either of us he says the other guy knows
about me but part of me still feels like
this is wrong um I do want to be with
him and I can see that he wants that as
well but he just won't let go of this
other guy is it my job to convince him
or should I just walk away thanks JT
right okay if that was me and I was
being and I like someone and they were
juggling me with another girl and I
right away would be like f you if
someone likes me they should kind of
only like me does that sound really
selfish uh I don't know well not really
okay but you know if I really really
like someone I'd love to be the only
person that they really like as well so
straight off for me I would be like um
in a petticoat and in it but um if you
really really like them and you feel
like if you just left it really quickly
you'd wonder what might have happened
just tell tell them telecon talk just
say I'm not comfortable with it you know
I really like you and I want to be any
person that you are seeing and if we go
any further you need to you need to
choose so it's going to be me or them
and I mean I would say like well I'm
hurt that you'd even kind of see someone
else at the same time or try to juggle
two people because there's both persons
feeling both person's feelings are on
the line if I make sense it's not your
job to try to convince them if you're
starting off by being juggled anyway
does that um you know does that like
show good things for how it would carry
on because it should start by them just
being just loving you so that's kind of
like a self respecting as well really
there's so many more questions I really
want answer because you guys have loved
me loads but it's getting quite late and
thing on this video is probably quite
long already so I'm just going to answer
one more and and it is how to recover
from an abusive relationship
/ how to see your worth unhappy face
from anonymous I'm not sure which type
of abuse you mean or office all types or
if it's verbally or physically and but I
mean it's good that for one you got out
of it and that you are seeing that you
need to see your worth you know that's
amazing to recover what you need to do
is have amazing I have amazing and
supportive people around you because it
leaves you scarred like you know in so
many ways they need people around you
that are going to remind you that what
has happened is not normal because when
you're in a relationship like that where
it is abusive it kind of it because it
happens so much it can happen so much
that you tend you tend to like not take
it as seriously as it is as bad as it is
kind of thing be around people that are
really positive happy and really wanting
you tonight like now grow and now you
know be yourself and do what you want to
do and not feel held back from anything
you need to also as well as being around
lovely people you need to get used to
doing a bit get used to feeling free
again get you and and like find yourself
again in a way you know like find what
you like and not being scared to do
anything that you couldn't do before
which you know can be an amazing feeling
you need to just feel loved again and
and it can take some time and to see
your worth the the longer that you're
away from the person for that you know
caused that abused you and the better
because you see you're worth more like
after a little while and I mean family
is the best family and the best people
to be around because they have loved you
like forever you know I mean they have
loved you forever and they will love you
forever and family should always be
uplifting and should always cheer you up
rediscover things I
you're good at and that you like praise
yourself or or try out new things see
join me might just kind of rediscover
yourself like I think I've already said
like building yourself up again because
I mean especially with verbal abuse I
felt like you kind of go into your shell
a little bit more you know like a bit
like a hermit crab and I think the main
thing to remember is that whatever this
person was like throwing at you before
about what they didn't like about you
and that made you feel crap about
yourself
it got under their skin that isn't that
actually has nothing to do with you as a
person that's to do with them and what
was in their head you know when we're
talking about the verbal abuse so I mean
that's in my opinion that's what I think
it's it's not like you were a bad person
or you're annoying or I think what a lot
of people when they're verbally abusive
tend to do is like pick at things and
make you feel low and it's because
they're low you don't mean like they're
in a really low frame of mind anyway so
it's it's not you and I think over time
you have to realize that that you're a
lovely person join me no one's perfect
but in time you will just learn to love
yourself again and laugh again be happy
again so I mean because it can drain
your happiness or it does drain your
happiness so if we're talking about
physical abuse and you have to now you
know your warning signs for someone that
might be in the future physically
abusive you know your warning signs you
know what to account for and you never
ever want to be in that situation again
and you no one deserves that so you need
to be just be careful about people that
come into your life now and just be
strong and it's good because you're
saying you got out of this relationship
anyway so if any of you are in a
relationship that these things are
happening in which these things are
happening you need to as quickly as you
can
and as safely as you can get away from
someone like that even if it's verbally
or physically or in different ways like
mentally it money-wise
emotionally abusive you tell someone
about what is going on because people
will have no idea even if you try to
kind of hint at it before and hoping
someone notices or something like people
would have no idea because they wouldn't
think about anything that bad is
happening so I don't know what I'm going
into this side of it or like getting out
but it just scares me and makes me upset
that people have been in a situation or
in a situation you're you are worth so
much more than any kind of abuse in a
relationship you need to get out of that
because it's drain it'll drain your
happiness and it'll drain you as a
person so and if this person is
physically abusive just be safe with how
you go about it if you guys want me to
make another video on like different
topics in particular I can totally do
that so let me know think they're the
main things if there's things that I've
forgotten I will put them down below or
you guys can also comment and let let me
know or let everyone know what you think
you would do or that you think the best
answers are and things like that because
this is just my opinion and also I'll
probably forget a few things that I
should have said the key thing is
happiness if at the end of the day you
you are more unhappy than you are happy
that's your answer you need to weigh
that way up pros and cons in a
relationship as well and all a lot of
the time your heart and your gut will
tell you what the right thing to do is
and people should be in your life to
uplift you and to make you happier and
yeah there'll be quarrels and arguments
but at the end of the day it should be
more positive than it is negative so
yeah there's I just could go on and on
and on but I'll stop here because this
video is going to be really really long
I hope this has helped you in some way
I'm sorry if not if you want me to go
more into detail about certain topics
let me know and and yeah I just want all
of you guys to be happy and healthy and
loving life and it's just an amazing
feeling to be like yeah to be happy so I
want you guys to be happy as well and
getting all emotional
so yeah I love you guys and I hope
you're well yeah okay bye hmm
