hey guys I'm off for my brief at the
moment okay so Jason hello dress
anything but today we're gonna go and
okay oh my god are you gonna film me
getting it done yeah okay I want to get
my septum pierced so we're going to go
to Camden and try to do that and maybe
find some house bits because I still
didn't find everything from last time so
yeah but we wanted to show you the view
is the zoom on this
I got to show you guys I'm wearing today
I'm wearing this top from I hope forgot
I'll put it down below my shorts are
from have enough white belt some rocket
and I'm wearing my dogs and my makeup is
my Laura Mercier powder foundation now
like the street and the pigeon opinion
we're looking for a good mirror need one
thats a bit smaller are you guys missing
my outfit now
I
it's not my intros
so I think
it's gonna kill
Jason
I'm a film you
about needles
she's amazing under car
you can have it let's see a favor notice
I'm filming them no I just don't like
the path oh that's cute
is it poppy just had a little bit of a
fail thing happen so basically you guys
saw me with the setup yeah right what
happened was so he walks away and then
Jason realized that it was a little bit
crooked
like she'd pierced one sides too much to
the front and it was one key so I don't
know what to do and I don't want to like
leave it one key because I just would
look weird so you went back to there was
a cold steel cold still to ask them what
they thought because there because they
you know what they're doing and he was
like he's straight away he was like yeah
it's wonky so god damn it so the best
thing to do is to take it out we're now
gonna wait for my nose to heal and do it
yeah I think especially in Camden
research them which I'm really stupid I
should don't just go somewhere that goes
to get it done really quickly we just
hung some really impatient yeah yeah you
know that the Pierce is a decent and
they know what they're doing because she
can understand what we were saying which
is not as a bad thing but then she
didn't really know what she was doing so
and even more so with the tattoo that
would be the contoured basically I had a
skull from Urban Outfitters before and
it was called Fred's and my accident
tell them the truth the truth is that I
accidentally not Tim murders show he's
smashed everywhere and then his face was
still living and then I put him on the
side again and then I accidentally
smashed it so we went back to urban
outfitters got two skulls we need to
name them because I murdered Fred who
Jason was quite close to I'm sorry
be name going back an hour and I think
this is school number one I always
forgot to show you guys where I picked
up today from Camden I got these glasses
which I really it's really weird
I love these also got these and I got to
417 pounds
these lawns oh it's shells writing these
earlier you guys from you saw I'm so
sure we're okay look really thick now
okay alright so I'll go here okay guys
so this is pretty much the end of the
vlog and I hope you guys liked it it was
kind of a massive fail though like with
my nose and everything I goes like Jason
I know we'll get loads of questions
about like it's your boyfriend stuffing
and yes it is anything else
nope he's gonna be in loads more vlogs
I'm gonna make him say let us know what
you thought
I'm keeping focus last note you want to
see and look at my crazy hair okay I'll
see you guys bye bye
