hey guys hope you're all well I haven't
vlogged for ages so I thought I'd look
today and it might it's gonna feel a bit
weird because I haven't done it so long
but as you can see I'm in a new dwelling
and yes so I've moved recently that's
why it like all of my stuff has been so
scarce recently with like blog posts and
YouTube videos so I'm really really
sorry but and just life has been crazy
it's been like so hectic finally I'm
just getting a little bit more settled
and I got a few things that I need to do
today so I thought I'd film my camera
keeps going a bit blurry but this is my
outfit my jacket I'm not sure if I
should keep this jacket or not what do
you guys think because it's a little bit
shorter than I'd usually go for denim
jacket but it's from Topshop I've got it
the other day I like the wash of it
though and then I'm wearing just a plain
white tee my necklace is from fashion
ology and my bag is from Rocket in
Camden which I love
just some leggings and then I've got on
some boots some shiny boots
I'm waiting for my internet to be
connected so yeah everything's just a
little bit slow recently and like still
being set up and stuff like that anyways
I will go to town I think I might be
going to Camden or I might go into
central like West End area I'm not sure
yet it probably won't be a really really
long flock though today because I'm
still I need to get into vlogging again
but I thought I'd blog anyway let's go
so now I'm looking for actually some
food or juice because I'm hungry
and more home bits I need a mirror
the protein
come into this amazing store balance
these flatteners bottles
and everything I think it's so cool
if you guys want to find it
in this section
I got a flattened cloth on a little tray
things better say aye
hey guys so I just got in I am knackered
I'm just gonna like put a telly on and
relax for a minute
and I'm gonna show you guys some of the
things like I picked up the Internet's
not on either yet so I'm waiting for
that to activate then I got up like this
video hey guys so it's a bit later and
as you can see I'm like chillin um I
thought I'd show you guys what I picked
up today so okay so kind of a mini kind
of not very put together hall but I got
these two records and I loved how they
look and I also want to be able to play
them hopefully a mom might have a record
player and I love so I might nab that
and maybe and bring it here but anyway
I've got these two from Camden stables
market then I also bought these candles
I've got a black one and two white ones
for something that I'll show you in a
second then I've got this I got this
coffee or like hot drink flask mug
thingamajig which I thought was really
cool and vintage looking and it was 999
and that was from like a little shop in
the Camden stables kind of area and in
here I've got this which is just a
candle holder so there we go and that
will look cute somewhere then I've got
from this the amazing shop my show
guys this like melted flattened bottle
which I think these are amazing
I wanna either use it for jewellery or
sweets or like little snack things or
something so I got that and then I also
got this one which I'll are this is
amazing
so it's one of these as a clock so I'm
gonna put that up on a wall obviously in
the kitchen probably and I just think
it's amazing so he had loads of
different designs so these are the two
that I chose but I like the sea free
ones as well of the Jack Daniel's bottle
so I might get that as well at some
point I don't know I think it's really
cool again so yeah I've got those and he
gave me these two for 30 pounds it would
have been 25 and 15 so I got them both
for 30 so thank you mr. lovely man from
Urban Outfitters I really wanted a
notepad for like this place if that
makes any sense like for writing things
down about the flat and things I need to
remember and just like having a notepad
for anything and everything that was six
pounds and then I go oh I got an
eyeliner I got this little book which I
think it's really cute it's called carpe
diem make the most of life and then it
has each page has like a little you know
positive thing written in it I think
that's cute and then I also got this rug
so if this is getting a bit boring
because I don't just not my face all
well know that my face is interesting so
I this looks super random but this rug
I'm just gonna put like at the door or
in my bedroom so yeah that was 14 pounds
from Urban Outfitters I think that's
about it I love these bits but I got and
in they have so many amazing things in
the Camden stables market also I got
this amazing cookie earlier and then I
ate like that much then I thought now
I'm gonna save this for later I'm gonna
oh my god I'm gonna heat it up we've got
a jar of ice cream ID so for ice cream
with it anyway it's like vegan
gluten-free and it's got flaxseed in it
and it's quite it's like a healthier one
so yeah Internet is still not connected
please connect soon we're supposed to
connect before twelve I'm watching pitch
perfect you guys gonna head out so I
hope you guys liked this vlog and I know
it wasn't like probably as good as some
other ones that I've done just because
I'm kind of getting back into filming
and everything because I haven't really
film like for quite a while I think
that's about it I'm just waiting I'm
like really hoping the internet connects
tonight because then I can put this up
tonight even and or you know as soon as
possible and get back into like vlogging
and blogging and doing everything
properly thank you guys for watching I
hope you liked it and I will get a
little bit better at these I just
thought I'd share today with you and the
place is still a little bit a little bit
messy please excuse it yeah I hope you
like this and I'll see you guys in my
next video let me know what you want to
see as always here on my vlog channel
and yeah I'll see you soon bye
