hey guys so I thought I'd do the mixed
girl tag because a lot of people have
actually asked me to do this video and
it's just one that I just haven't got
around to doing yet so I thought I'd do
it for you I am mixed with and my mum is
English British English English and my
dad is Guyanese so that's it is in South
America but it's more Caribbean if that
makes sense
Africa knees and I think there is a
small bit of Chinese in my family most
people usually get right most people
know that I'm just mixed like black and
white some people when I was away
actually this summer thought thought I
could be like Brazilian or something
like that which is such a compliment I'd
like thank you but I don't know I don't
think I look like and some people have
said kind of more Latino me and I
haven't had that many different you know
guesses really though or some people
have thought I'm just full English which
I'm a bit like why is your hair curly or
straight straight um my natural hair is
very very curly I don't know how to
explain it exactly but it's like quite
tight curls it's what it's actually
calmed down a lot more than when I was
younger like my natural curls are a bit
a slight bit looser than they used to be
but anyway um it's just very very curly
no like to be honest I never thought
about it really
um the area that I grew up in I grew up
in like Northwest London and it's a very
diverse area like what all of London is
very diverse but you know in particular
in my school and people I was growing up
around there was so many different
cultures and stuff like that so it was
not something that people looked at and
thought about or commented on because
there was a lot of people that were
mixed and that were from you know lots
of different places and in my personal
life no not really
um friends are friends friends like you
for who you are don't think they really
cared bitch background do you embrace
most this
the question that I feel like people
will like pick at me at you know if I
say a certain thing which isn't very
fair because to be honest I've grown up
a lot more with my English side of my
family my Caucasian side and so I think
naturally I'm gonna embrace that side
and not even embrace but just it's the
side that I've been brought up with more
so it's it sounds so silly to me like
thinking all sides like but I love my
Caribbean side I embrace also being
Guyanese and oh my god like just I love
getting together with that side of my
phone because I don't get to see them a
lot and so when we all get together like
for parties and things like that it's
amazing and just like meets that you
know seeing family that I haven't seen
for years and a lot of them live abroad
as well so to see them is amazing and so
it's kind of hard for me to always
embrace it because I'm not around them a
lot my guy nice side but I embrace it
when I can and the food oh my god the
food I just wish I was around them a
little bit more because it turns out
that I was raised by my mum and you know
most well I was raised by my mom she was
a single parent so I've been raised more
by that side of the family no not really
no not really I think if anything I used
to beauty is a little bit for my weight
so that would be the only thing that
people kind of had to say I remember
when I was really small I was like in
year six or something and we sit in an
assembly which is when you all like sit
and listen to loads of codswallop there
are these two boys behind me why not
your time I had my hair in braids and
they were like pulling the braids and I
was like what you doing I wasn't like
really being teased it was just because
to them like braids and stuff they
weren't used to it no why would you be
ashamed of it it's a good thing like
it's a good thing here whatever you are
it doesn't really know what if he
ashamed of I think is cool I think it's
your like you can be even more
open-minded in a way and see things
differently I think our general
what was that I think our generation not
even if you're mixed or you know you
don't have to be a certain thing but I
think our generation in particular are a
lot more forward a lot more open-minded
and understanding of different cultures
and things like that compared to our
parents and our grandparents so I think
just in general I don't see why you'd be
ashamed of it like at this day and age
yes
um yeah it definitely does yeah amazing
food oh it has its benefits because I
mean um aesthetically I mean it's cool
having curly hair because it's versatile
and I like its benefits
I feel really we're talking about this
but like my skin tone you know I'm quite
fond of I think it's lovely thanks mom
and dad I don't know it's hard to I just
never think of it I'm just like I'm a I
don't think of it what makes being
multiracial a beautiful thing it's
beautiful I've always personally thought
because something that used to be
frowned upon which is just ridiculous
like in our you know years and years ago
of if you know in my case a black guy
and a white women were together
I mean they've come together said sort
out who cares what you think
and haha that's right but just like been
in love and created when you're mixed
you're just you're just like the being
of showing that you can't like stop two
people from being together just because
they're they're not from the same race
and they're not you know I mean my
advice to someone who struggles with
their multiracial identity
please don't struggle with it um if
you're on people that are being really
rude about it that's just ridiculous to
me I do though I thought I just haven't
really experienced that many bad things
to kind of give up vice even on that so
just own who you are like that sounds
retired banks like but own it
it's amazing what you are you know so
if you're struggling with it emotionally
and like personally maybe find out more
about your culture maybe find out more
about your race where you're from like
the people what they're like what you
know there are no negatives to anything
so just find out more about it and you
can probably find yourself embracing it
a lot more if I wouldn't even look at
yourself as that just look at yourself
as you like you're just your personality
and your your looks yeah but you don't
like your you at the end of the day so
just like be yourself it doesn't matter
yeah I calm and that's really really
hard to answer I probably suck at this
tag I just see myself as myself I don't
really like look at myself as half this
and half that because life's too short
to do that and it you know you are who
you are hope you guys like this video
and who should add tag has Tasha done it
Tasha green if you haven't done it girl
I'd do it everyone's tagged you're
tagged so yeah I feel like I sucked at
this tag sorry but I've done it and you
guys so if you guys wanted to see it so
yeah I hope you liked it and I'm gonna
go and get coffee now I'm gagging for a
coffee I don't know why I really feel
like one I'll see you guys in my next
video let me know what you want to see
on my vlog channel here and why Rock
channel cuz I don't know what to do
apart from vlogs like follow me around
vlogs and I better go on babbling I'll
see you guys soon bye
mmm
