hey guys hope you're well and so I
thought I'd doin other questions and
answers kind of video because I think
that they can be quite fun and I just I
love answering you guys's random
questions and so this time I went on
tumblr and I asked people if you guys
wanted to ask me questions for this
video so I'm just going to randomly like
select questions and answer them
anonymous asked what's your favorite
time / season in the year I've always
said my favorite is autumn I love autumn
because like I love that there's loads
all the like holidays start happening
you know like Halloween and still quite
comfortable weather and it just gets
really pretty because all the leaves are
falling and stuff like that and but also
recently like this summer I really did
love summer so I'm liking somewhere a
bit more than I used to sew summer and
autumn what's going on annan asked top
five clothing shops top short okay some
of them are just overpriced but topshop
american apparel i hate to say but i do
love it in there um I like rocket Oh
monkey or monkey and and odd maybe Zara
meet me in the city asks who / what
inspires will star the most there's so
many people online that inspire me one
of my all-time inspirations is fashion
type roomie from fashion toast the
blogger the star playlist I love her
style America bowels I think it's
pronounced on tumblr and instagram
pretty sickly also inspiring her style
is amazing she's on youtube as well a
link down below and hey if you're
watching and also just street style so
when i'm out and about i just look I
just get inspired what what by what
girls are wearing incorporate it into my
style or give me ideas and stuff like
that so yeah Mandy will eat you asked if
you could choose one and one food in
brackets a specific dish what would you
choose and I always ask this question
online like what's your favorite food
right always say Italian so I'm gonna
say something else and recently I've
been really liking dim sum so I know
there's so many foods that I really
really like but I've been loving dim sum
when I went to ping pong recently
was so so nice so like spicy vegetable
dumplings and oh my god and they had
like a seafood one that was griddled oh
it was amazing so yeah didn't someone
been loving sweet treats 151 us cost of
starbucks and and i always always said
Starbucks recently I've been like in
Costa I just feel like their lattes and
more luxurious they're just like more
mmm another anonymous asked what's the
best advice you've ever received that's
really really difficult actually I my
mum always said there's two things okay
so one of them is my mom always said if
they're going to go then they'll go so
like don't try to hold on to someone and
you know like don't try and force
someone stand your life because if they
want to go they'll go or something like
that so yeah that was quite quite a good
piece of advice I think another piece of
advice was I remember always room my
aunt said this and we were talking about
like about like wearing stuff like
clothes and stuff like that and she she
said that people see from a from the
back just as much as they see from the
front so like think about how you look
from the back as well and I guess that
kind of sounds weird but they always
stuck in my head so I always thought
about how I look from behind like if
things fit well from behind as well as
look you know fit well and look good
from the front tons of other things I've
been told but they're just a few that
stuck in my mind christy is cool asked
if you could have one wish granted for
everyone in the world what would it be
what is the most attractive quality in a
person so for the first one that is
really really hard I'd say happiness but
that's kind of I'd love to say happiness
for everyone but I think good health is
really important so you can like live a
long and healthy life so I think if
anyone had any health issues or anything
like that then they could have their
wish granted in the way of being healthy
again I think that would help a lot of
people more than money and stuff like
that just to be healthy and be able to
do everything you want to do and the
most attractive quality in a person I
love if someone has a good sense of
humor but I want to say
that someone is caring I think if
someone is caring and cares about you
that's like the nicest feeling and I
like I like caring about others and I
like to be cared about so that's just a
really lovely quality for someone to
have okay this one I'm going to read I
need to hold and read because it's quite
long anonymous asked what should I do if
I'm really learning at high school I sit
by myself for all of my lessons and I
feel like crying all the time my bffs I
had turned away from me and now they
ignore everything I say and don't
interact with me at all I feel depressed
and I don't want to go to school anymore
I feel like they're laughing at me all
the freaking time and I don't know what
to do it's the only High School in my
town please tell me give me advice on
death row I'm really really sorry that
you have to feel that way at school I I
read I don't like school ads when I was
at school and so if you're really lonely
I would suggest if you fill out those
people are laughing at you and things
like that I know it must be really
really hard but you honestly how to just
look if they're not nice people so you
have to just lock them out of your head
and if they're sitting there laughing at
you how sad is that for them that that's
all they're doing with their time like
they're actually like they're using
their time on you so that's kind of
laughable so them not to be nice people
anyway so just scrap them out of your
head you don't need to worry about
people laughing at your things like that
people people just suck it sometimes um
I've been alone at school loads on my
own and not knowing what to do and like
hiding away in a way so you have to just
over time love be like you have to just
love yourself a love being with your
being with yourself and spending time on
your own and you have to get used to
that and it can be really nice to just
have time on your own so find things to
do in your spare time in the brakes and
things like that like reading or working
on something or doing extra work I to do
extra artwork are other people that you
could be friend or that I'm sure other
people would love to be friends of you
and I know sometimes it use it seems
like people wouldn't because they're
already in there
in groups but just try to like make
casual conversation with other other
people like new people people that you
have like clicked with before in the
past but know also that school goes by
so quickly so you're not you won't
always be in that situation even if you
don't talk don't get to talk to others
and you find that difficult the time
just goes so quickly so all I say to
people and like family like small people
younger people in my family as well it's
just focus on your studies focus on your
lessons and lunch times and that can
suck if you're on your own I know that
myself but you just have to find you
have to like find things to do if your
time and like distract yourself from
worrying about people and things like
that it's hard to go really into detail
in this video but I know how you feel
you're not the only one there are so
many people that have a hard time with
friends and people like I was dropped
out so many group friend groups and and
yeah sometimes it's better to be on your
own anyway then feel really
uncomfortable in a group of friends so
scratch them out after a while they
might even come running back to you
saying sorry we were acting like dicks
in the first place and I wanted to be
friends of you so do your thing just do
your thing anyway that's as much as I
can say right now but I really really
hope that you will become happier and
don't dwell on stupid people hot and fun
one us and how have I lost weight and
please do like a video on it and explain
I'm definitely going to do a video my
main channel talking about what I've
been doing recently what I've been
eating recently and weight loss and
stuff like that so just stay tuned just
stay two men that will be up soon
anonymous asked if you could switch
bodies if you could switch bodies of
anyone famous or not dead or life who
would it be that is hard I don't know
actually tyra banks has a pretty good
body oh there's loads of bodies that i
like a adriana lima I don't know because
I quite like my body like I'm not too
fussed about i don't ever think of that
like switching of anyone
I like rihanna's body quite it's quite
nice um loads of hot bodies hey sorry
I'm holding it like this no it's easier
and me natima asks how do you stay
positive minded and not over think about
general life issues thank you and love
your channel thank you and so something
i always do is I just look at the big if
you have like a small issue or like life
issues I always look at the bigger
picture and look at just life itself and
it's probably not a big issue like in
the grand scheme of things like when I'm
talking to people I always say like look
in the grand scheme of life it's not a
big deal so I always think of it that
way and I always think of my priorities
and list them so I'll just sort out if
something is a big issue then I'll sort
it out as soon as I can if it's not then
i'll just wait I won't see it as a big
deal and I just try not to stress over
things because I think life's life's too
short to be stressing over small things
and I really really recommend reading
don't sweat the small stuff because it
really helps you put things into
perspective and deal with issues more
effectively and just to stay calm so
yeah I recommend that book cause my crap
us what do you like on your froyo I love
Froyo I like to get strawberries bananas
and egg of nectar or honey and i also
like like brownies like shots of
brownies and and think that Oh granola I
love pinning renault do you guys know
that I like granola anonymous asked
where my wall tapestry is from so this
one a lot of people ask where that's
from it's from urban outfitters and I
got it online so i'll try and like it
down below actually if it's still in
urban outfitters my g dalit delena
that's probably wrong i'm sorry and said
hey something what would you try if you
knew you wouldn't fail I'm hopefully
gonna do it anyway eat cuz in life you
know you have to take risks risks look
and but I would if I knew I wouldn't
fail I would just dive headfirst into
opening wine shop because I'd love to
sell things I'd love to sell jewelry or
clothes or something like that that is
just completely in my style and just you
know like that has my vision to it and
stuff like that so so I don't know ever
that would be online or like having a
shot but if I knew I wouldn't feel that
would be amazing to just start that now
and just have it you know going so
that's all I'll answer for now and thank
you guys for your questions I hope you
guys like this video let me know if you
want me to do more I probably do another
Twitter one next time or something and
let me know what you want to see my vlog
channel thank you guys for being so so
lovely to me recently and for all your
support it really really really does
mean a lot again I know I always say
this but thank you guys so much I should
be uploading a lot more videos you know
from now hopefully here and on my main
channel so thank you guys also for
bearing with me because you know life
sometimes can have rough patches so yeah
it should be all good from here on thank
you guys watching and a cm 1 x 1 x
