today
is Wednesday
and fill a bit Olympics about the Train
but I'm just on my way to
for themselves
girl stolen team
should be really good and there's gonna
be other girls there as well
yeah I can't wait to blow up bits of
that hopefully just coming into Houston
J is heading up to my coffee think it's
all the way up here somewhere
ha I found it I found it
I've just found this shop and it's like
the randomness little shop has amazing
plants on old street and there's fiddly
figs massive blonde but I can't leave
without one so had a really good meeting
had a lovely coffee and a catch-up
but a bit of time now before the shoot
so I think I might have a little putter
around
Shoreditch so I'm actually a bit lost I
have not been lost in London for years a
hunter went like a different way from
Old Street Station and I'm trying to
find anywhere with some shops so I just
have it sued and I just grabbed myself a
chopped up croissant oh my god it's warm
I can feel it yeah because I just really
fancied a chocolate croissant I feel a
bit sorry for myself today I don't know
why
so I'm at Mill Hill and I'm just waiting
for an uber to take me to the location
where the shooters and I think there's
gonna be so many girls there it's gonna
be so nice to see everyone I'm a lil I
don't know not nervous I just don't
really know what to expect so yeah
but it should be good but I'm super
super super tired and after this time to
go and pick India from nursery and then
go home
yeah such a bad day I think I'm here I
press this back home now the shoot was
so good I really loved like seeing
everyone and Lauren is just the nicest
nicest girl ever
I'm so happy to like help out with just
everything that she's doing and this is
my tea jugs milk jokes I just loved the
new teas and I can't wait for you guys
to seal the pool the photos from the
shoot and I just wish I had a bit more
energy when I was there cuz I felt I was
just so tired and I hate not being 100%
myself when I'm like meeting people and
stuff so if any of them are watching
this sorry if I was a bit tired and like
boring but owning like her web her blog
website everything to do with it down
below if you guys want to check her out
I sort of thought I did probably didn't
explain it properly but the shoot is
well I feel like I'm going to explain it
wrong but sorry everything she's doing
is to raise awareness for breast cancer
she started a collection of t-shirts
when she was diagnosed with cancer - I
think um she was saying she did a bit of
her speech which I didn't want to film I
don't wanna like put the camera in her
face but you know I'm gonna explain this
really badly I'm gonna link her like
information down below and it will
explain it properly but basically I'm
just all for supporting her and I'm not
very good at explaining things I have to
leave right now I'm gonna go and pick
India up from nursery and I need a
little bit of food shopping so I might
pop in
Tesco and I just wanted to do a bit of
an update because I just been running
around as usual a lot today right so I
need to go I need to go just in Tesco
getting some bits I feel like I'm gonna
fall asleep
hae-in's I was ok quick run-through of
what I picked up I don't know I really
like what you're when people and do food
shops what oh my god it was just really
random like quick running run in there
but L because Rihanna's on the front
Queen and I just got my deodorant and
then I really like these four nd I used
to give her my CLS pouches but I really
Indig but I really like that these are
more savoury and they have already like
the ingredients that they use and that
they don't bulk it with fruit instead of
veg and then she would you like these
yogurts they sorry about indi yelling
she's going through a screamy phase
nectarines for indie spinach some herbs
sermon tomatoes mozzarella mozzarella
she loves strawberries pistachios coz
I'm gonna put them in a little Bowl and
like tuck them in on the table there
people can just help themselves Brussels
sprouts
love sweet potato all sweet home
tonight's dinner
green beans oh my god ran out of peanut
butter
and I love I really like this brand I
like crunchy I like pecan nuts for like
my porridge and things like that and
Jason got that bread earlier and also I
want to dye my hair I might do this
tonight I think I kind of want to go
this this brow and that's it
my competitor
put the staples halt so
everyone it's much later now and we've
had dinner and everything and I just
wanted to kind of wrap up this vlog and
also show you guys my little goodie bag
from the shoot which is here so I've got
all these little bits this is so cute oh
my god I'm so excited to try this as
well it's um it's a pillow spray and I
love a good pillow spray but yeah
there's lots of info breast cancer and I
love this look like has on it like ways
to you can check yourself for like
possible breast cancer and this is so
lovely as well a personalized card
holder thank you guys and oh my god I
actually need one of these this is the
Carmex how cute is that this is so cool
I'm keeping that here because I love it
another little side note look going on
today my earrings arrived I said never
have looked it or if it was a my
interest story but I ordered these
earrings from ASOS and then they I just
got an empty box and I was like where am
I earrings and I tweeted them and they
sorted out the issue for me that's
really good that they did sort out so I
love how they look so you know these
pearl earrings
I'll link them down below I'm so glad I
finally have them I really want to
expand my earring collection because I'm
loving like I'm really late on to it but
I love the whole like statement earring
thing I was really scared of wine
earrings for ages because I felt like
they like made me look go ahead but I
like some of them I've also got these
new NARS products in which I want to
show you so this is the Christopher cane
collection here is such an amazing
designer and this is the lipstick we'll
try it out in a second and oh my god
look at this
sorry about the lighting cuz it's
nighttime now oh my god can you see that
hmm that is amazing
it's really natural actually she looks
weird in this light I also I was gonna
chat to you guys about last night I went
to the Tommy Hilfiger show the show was
amazing and I got to see Gigi in real
life I love her so much she's so
gorgeous
and Bella was there as well and Jordan
Dunn as well oh my god she is just like
perfection and Joan Smalls Joan small
Joan Smalls that was that was really
cool so I just mentioned that as well
cuz I got a little bit of footage not
too much but yeah that's it for today
it's been such a jam-packed day so
hopefully today's vlog will be yeah not
too boring probably catch you guys
tomorrow holiday after thanks fortune by
