hey guys I hope you're all well and I'm
probably not gonna be my total normal
chirpy kind of self in this video
because it's going to be quite a more
serious one and just something that I
just need to talk about because things
have got very out of hand recently
especially on social networking sites
just something that I feel like I need
to address
I was IMing an RN over doing this video
because it's going to be talking you
know it's talking about my personal life
and it feels weird to have to explain
things to you know I've it's people that
I've never met in my life and you know
at the same time I can understand that
it's been my choice obviously to do
vlogs and to show my purse bit parts of
my personal life and parts of a
relationship so yeah taking on board
this that's been my choice to share it
with you guys and so naturally you're
going to kind of know bits and bobs or
think maybe you know more than you do
know in some ways and expect to know
certain things which is you know it's a
bit much for then I can understand as
well basically you guys know Ricky from
my videos and me and him are not
together anymore we haven't been for
quite a while now and but and I'd
actually pre actually filmed this video
before and but I hadn't I hadn't
uploaded it yet for her getting personal
reasons I think a lot of people are only
assuming when we've been together from
and with you without knowing any facts
so that's kind of unfair it's quite a
hard thing that you're going through you
know just as a human being and so today
I didn't feel like tweeting or making a
video about it right at the time because
it's quite a difficult thing anyway so I
hope you guys can understand that I
think some some people have to realize
that we only when you're on YouTube when
you're doing vlogs and you're showing
your personal life it's only about 10 to
15 minutes of a day of your personal
life so you're not seeing you know as
much as we or I would show you know
really fun parts and good parts of the
day and things like that you know you
don't you never see everything like I'm
speaking for other people that do
YouTube as well like you can't assume
that you know the whole days like that
or their lives are like what I'm trying
to say is my life isn't always you know
hunky-dory and you know perfect I think
a lot of people think especially beauty
gurus
or more you know like that we don't have
anything wrong in our lives and we're
perfect and which is just crazy because
no one is perfect so um yeah I mean we
are you know again normal people with
normal lives I'm just trying to live you
know and it's quite difficult when
people are making assumptions it was it
was unhealthy it's unhealthy to be in a
relationship that isn't serving you well
as a person that isn't helping you grow
you should both you know like it should
be it should be helping each other and
this is with any type of relationship
with a friendship or you know in a
relationship and I also want to say that
there's again but a lot of assumptions
made but no one knows what what has
happened in a relationship so it's
really nice place to say certain things
and to assume certain things because
I'll just tweet things what I'm happy I
think like that for just because I'm not
tweeting things but if I'm more angry or
upset it's not to say that I don't have
those emotions as well and haven't been
down or upset I tried not to share
everything online because I don't think
it's healthy to and I don't think it's
wise to and so just because I'm not
sharing everything online you can't
assume that you know everything about me
or there's points like this with me
making a video where it's gotten to a
point where I have to say something
because I it's unfair and it's you know
I love YouTube I love doing YouTube but
you know it sometimes it gets to a
ridiculous point and that's when you've
got to stand up for yourself as a person
as a woman you know I I have to respect
myself and I've had to respect myself
that's why now I'm just trying to get
you know get on with life be happy with
post on YouTube we're both doing or
anything we have over we have different
channels I'm striving to be happy
everyone should strive to be happy and
if you're not you deserve to be happy
like maybe I should make a video on the
topic and at the end of the day I'm
going to stick up for myself I'm not
going to sit here and take for a
long time part of my French I hope this
kind of plays a few things up some
people might not even know not anything
and you're like what the hell are you
talking about but
I just had to clear a few things up and
I hope that you guys can understand that
going through certain situations in in
in life is hard enough you've got your
own emotions your own you know things
that you're dealing with but having it
online and when it's hard enough to deal
with it on your own I hope you can
understand that that's very very
difficult that there's been no
wrongdoing so I just wanted to clear
that up
and also people deal with things
differently so you know how I deal with
things it's going to be different to the
next person just you know getting on
with our lives trying to be positive and
you know just hoping for the best and
what we both do of our lives now is so
that we can both be happy we're on good
terms you know it was quite difficult to
make this video so yeah please excuse
you it excuse me if I'm not my normal
self and last I just want to say please
leave out the comments the negativity
the accusation the assumptions because
it's just it doesn't help and there's no
need in life just keep spreading
negativity around it's not necessary so
things get better and people push
through things so yeah and if this will
help any of you also that I've been
dealing with anything similar or
anything recently but speaking on behalf
of him as well we like we both hope that
you still enjoy our channels so if there
is a lot of cuts it's because it is such
a hard thing to talk about so getting it
all over in one shot is very very
difficult and I haven't had to do
something like this before but I just
not putting up with unnecessary you know
crap thank you to everyone that's been
really really lovely and really
supportive and understanding because it
means a lot it really does mean a lot
and so yeah thank you again and I'll see
you again soon hopefully a bit more
chirpy so yeah I'll see you guys soon
bye
