hey guys sort of shooting the kind of
transition kind of transition items from
Ulsan winter and around now kind of time
and we've been shooting on all the
different floors like out wall in the
balcony area and just everywhere it's
amazing in here and yeah it's just been
really fun it stills
I have to show you guys the lift in this
house there's only so a little update
the shots been going really well
everyone's so so nice just really
friendly it's such a nice atmosphere
it's like a little bit more chill than
I'd be third because that was a look
like obviously crazy a massive but this
house is unreal I've never seen anything
like it
my outfit I don't have my boots on
actually but my dress is from a source
my belt is from Topshop and that closest
misguided I think that's what I show
them to you guys I misguided as well
this is Mike more of a calm room it's a
lot more zone not zoned out but nice and
chilled and they have this bear the
middle where is an outside bear
so I just came out with the house that
we were shooting in and the whole thing
was so good I had such a good time and
yeah I'm just never hired like this but
I can't wait to share with you guys the
clothes that they were modeling they've
been out kind of mid and to end August
or September
