hey guys so it's the day of imats
finally it's been ages since its but why
Mechele as much it's been ages since
it's been in the UK because they changed
the dates so i thought i'd show you my
little outfit the day is quite simple as
usual and yes I'm ring my top their tops
from american apparel and my dungarees
are from misguided and my shoes from
Topshop that I just can't I just wear
them all the time and then I might throw
be Neil because it's really windy
outside and my back sunburst car I don't
have to change the bag but anyway I'm
running late I've gotta go meet Tricia
britpopprincess at the train station
that Waterloo and yeah I'll catch up
with you guys shortly bye
there's so many people dressed up
because it's a skort Royal Ascot like
all this week so look this probably what
some people think English people look
like all the time really just stop but I
don't know what time it is got to find
my way to kensington olympia I have no
idea i've never been there
mama trains just putting away a sec I so
I got to kensington olympia tidally and
i went from like i had to go through
Clapham Junction and then to get here
then I for Patricia said she was that
she was here so I came straight here and
which Christians at Clapham Junction so
I'm like I'll wait you almost look like
walk past or something I saw eye to eye
has been I haven't even been ok guys we
have even all the mile or so I haven't
even looked at we looked anything you
might need to get your head start
programs oh yeah
Turner was ok
I grab pop chips and a juice I'm happy
they do juice dar gazer and what else
Mac Pro which will just be crazy
actually look look as bad as it's been
before
yeah as this guy here chillin
it's crazy it's actually there's a bit
of ruminal
hey i just met someone that watches me
haha
ok I've met some wool people that was
Ruby what's your name
that good America it was nice to meet
you guys okay so yesterday
basically I'm sorry if you don't want to
wanna do some talk going on
who is
sorry hey guys we got the mess in the
room anyway don't matter so I got back
from why Matt's I like a state like
waste my makeups come off now add a
shower anyway and today is just flipping
crazy like oh my god I met so many
people i'm at so i want to say thank you
so much to like you know all of you for
coming up to me and saying hi and it was
just amazing like I need to talk about
it more but I've in a rush right now but
it was thought it was so good to like
meet you guys and talk to you and
everything and yes so now me and Tasha
Tasha green are gonna head out man and
I'm just waiting for her to get here so
I'm just kind of my hair i'm using the i
love this the enraptured thingy majiggy
on like 112 and she should be here any
minute so I'm just curling my hair
because it takes so long I don't know if
I look more time flock a little bit
still and yeah nah hey guys look who's
here Tara made you doesn't her house
look amaze house you look uh ok true for
me that's like x-ray a little drink and
yes we just had copies needles
