hey guys so I was just also help to film
I just filmed a video for my main
channel and i was just i don't i'm in
the mood to film obviously and i wanted
to make another video so i'm going to do
this kind of random impromptu Q&A video
and i asked on twitter if anyone has
some random questions they want to throw
at me so i'm just going to go on twitter
and just like going for a few questions
Jade rider us my favorite meal ever I
always it has to be Italian I love ah
pizza or pasta ecologies between those
but anything pizza or pasta if you could
relive yesterday would you do anything
different was I do yesterday yesterday
wasn't too much of a good day oh do
differently probably not I don't dwell
on things you know and just try and make
the best of the day because you never
know when it's gonna be your last age
what I mean like that sounds bad but
it's true is every day is like you're
lucky to be alive so probably shouldn't
have dwelled on anything negative
yesterday what's your biggest fear mold
mar sailor underscore asked what is the
worst fashion so my nose is pretty
achieved what is the worst fashion trend
for you ah for me / to me I don't if you
mean for me personally like what is
works really badly for my like body
shape and stuff I honestly don't know
because I try not to follow them really
like down to the tea or anything one
night I'm glad is gone is color blocking
because i'm not i don't like green color
no I like wearing a bit of color but I'm
not like a massive kind of fan so to me
like blocking color euro is wasn't that
fun girl calm asked how did you get the
confidence to follow your dreams oh my
god it's really weird like being on
YouTube at the beginning what you know
honestly it wasn't a dream because it
was just something that looked really
cool to get into so i started doing it
and now it's like it is like the dream
think I'm dying now I feel like it's the
dream thing to do like make videos and
love what you do and be creative so what
gave me the confidence just not caring
what anyone thought of me being on
YouTube or making videos in my room and
just doing it because it looked like it
was fun just doing something because I
wanted to do it Livi White House us
would you rather drink a pint cup full
of
we're all here plate for a tough hop ah
ah maybe the sweat just because like if
you eat so if you drink you can hold
your nose and you don't have to taste it
but if you eating damned off it would
like joy your mouth felt by the way also
my phone cases just from amazon i just
typed in phone case for galaxy s4 and it
just came up Kerry muck mahon McMahon
and asked d do you listen to the weekend
yes I love the weekend I love a kiss
land at the moment Danielle Robson under
sorry the kids next door I like always
screaming and shouting um Daniel Robson
underscore us would you be doing a meet
up north up north this year possible
possibly Manchester yes sorry the camera
cut out I run out of memory but I
definitely want to do it needs up when I
come to Manchester next I really really
love Manchester I have like a weird love
affair with Manchester I also want to go
to Birmingham just cuz I've never been
Fergus stone 1 2 3 4 5 asked fav thing
to order in starbucks i always get a
vanilla soy latte wet because i hate
frolf i have this i don't like like
whipped cream or any kind of real aight
for free cream or anything so i asked
for it wet so there's no like froth on
top i have that hot or iced I like this
life of an English girl one set us if
you could be if you could have a
celebrity as a pet who would it be ah
don't know why but I really want to say
Rihanna with that that'll be fun oh it
was uh James Franco yeah um he could be
mud pit Phoebe loves Oreo ass favorite
ice cream flavor oh I love okay I love
vanilla that's boring um I like mint
choc chip I like Fausto pistachio I'll
if there's pistachio or half pistachio
Carrie asked have you ever wished you
grew up any other place than England
yeah I used to when I was growing up I
really wanted to grow up in America and
going to like the American high school
but I think it was because growing up we
watched I watched a lot of American
films and a lot of them were like
American high school feels it made it
look so glamorous and fun and stuff so
that's only why and then sometimes I
feel like I'd love to have grown up in
like a small town in Europe like France
or something like that random Tiffany
YouTube us what do you order at nandos
really weird i had known as yesterday I
get the beanie pizza or wrap and I like
it with pineapple as well and then I get
spicy rice and then I drown it in the
creamy white sauce and and that's it I'm
like maybe olives but the olives are so
expensive a trucker likes cake us would
you rather a rabbit a rabbit sized
elephant or an elephant-sized grab it Oh
rabbit sighs elephant I love elephants
I'd love to get one it's just like their
Sophia constantly licking it it so yeah
I love elephants because of my obsession
with dumbo and I was small that what is
it it would be like done it would be
like Dumbo I'm really high I'm not high
I feel high okay I'm not it's because I
just have a three minute makeup
challenge and I'm all like ah beat the
bare assed biggest fashion regret
there's so many um I still have it was
really like it sounds wrong a tight top
but it wasn't tight in the sexy way it
was just like a top made from like
really weird stupid material and then it
had like a metal ring as like the neck
why and then I used to wear like those
trout those baggy trousers with the
tassels like at the side down the side
and also Charles's with skirts like it
was a built-in skirt on top felt such a
90 safe oh that's so bad I used to get
it from tammy and stuff hey I think I
said I think that's all the questions
I'm going to answer today because I
don't want to go on really really long
but thank you so much for your random
questions let me know if you want more
videos like this I think they're kind of
fun and you know like in the moment to
do and stuff and
yeah as I hope you're all doing really
well and thank you for watching I'll see
you next one bye this is really cool
with so sorry I think it's like
