hey guys so I really wanted to film
today for my vlog channel and I just I
really haven't known what to do recently
I've had a bit of a mind block kind of
thing so I'm really sorry if I haven't
been up local I haven't been uploading
could not but I thought I don't outfit
of the day because like I used to do
them so much more and I went on for ages
so it's quite like laid-back ish and my
thing at the moment seems to be like
layering and they were I'll just step
back so you can see and so today I'm
wearing this top from american apparel
which I've just been wearing like these
kind of baggage crop tops loads well
kind of cropped in my dress is from H&M
it's slightly long like I don't it to
look too kind of oversized on me even
though I like the oversized look but
yeah I quite like in any like 799 for it
was a bargain and it just looks like
that fully my bag from bershka and my
shoes a from misguided oh and if I got
cold I wore this cardigan so yeah that's
it all together and yeah maybe it will
give someone an idea or inspiration for
just like a casual kind of warm weather
outfit because here in the UK as I
always say it so it's such a weird
weather so I've just been like layering
up recently so much or my lips on
wearing max russian Red know I makeup
apart from mascara oh my necklace is
from brandy melville and my rings are
from a shop Dixie shot Dixie and regal
rose I think that's it so i hope you
liked this and i know it's short and
sweet but let me know what you'd like to
see look for my vlog channel and I'm
going I'm going away for a few days soon
so i might vlog there as well thank you
for watching I'll see you again soon
