one so today I'm gonna do a movies tag
and I'm really really sorry that I
haven't filmed anything all night
you know my second tunnel for a while
I've been kept like the time just went
so quickly that's when I what happened
and also I tried to film a vlog video
yesterday but it kind of didn't really
work it wasn't very good at all so I
thought I thought I'd make a tag video
and this one I wanted to do for ages I
was actually gonna do the movies movies
movies tag and I actually just filmed
that pretty much and then I just thought
it was me crap just like I want to find
another movies tag the first question is
favorite movie of all time and I hate
you for asking this cuz I can never ever
think of one film because I don't know
I've just got I like loads of films and
but one of my favorites would have to be
an command I was like way up there like
top three three top three films I loved
it so much like the funniest to ever
number two favorite scene from that
movie there's too many brick it's like I
love brick he makes me laugh so much I
thought my favorite bits from the film
Ron Burgundy's in the car he's like this
burrito is good but it is feeling that
it's Jack Black and Jack Black Kicks is
talking for it it's like the meanest
thing L of it's like ah it's so funny I
don't know I love when brick is trying
to argue with the guys and he's just
like where did you get those pants the
toilet store and it's just like I'm not
go free favourite actors / actresses oh
my god okay favourite actors off top of
my head um um Denzel Washington Leonardo
DiCaprio oh my god Oh who else - I love
this irony Will Smith he's I love him
Tom Hardy Will Ferrell Christian Bale
his good actor I don't think I like him
that much where he's a good actor
I'm Goslin Johnny Depp John Candy before
he passed away there's so many I can't
think of any of this tonnes factors that
I think are amazing but I can't think of
the wall and all Brad Pitt is good as
well
okay actresses I love um Mel Street
Angelina Jolie I like Mila Kunis even
though she's more of like a new newer
kind of one hey well so I love and
Helena Bonham Carter I could have a
surname properly is it Jessica Chastain
I think I really like her at the moment
I used to love Whoopi Goldberg she was
like my I loved her as well number four
most annoying actor slapped
slash actresses Ashton Kutcher not a big
fan of Aston Kutcher I liked him and
butterfly effects but that's about it
number five best director this is so
hard
but um Christopher Nolan at the moment
is flippin amazing like Batman inception
all of that jazz favorite guilty
pleasure film I think it's not when I
watch a lot but probably something like
Sex in the City like a really girly film
I don't really watch them often but some
you know when you're in the mood
sometimes that would be like a guilty
pleasure kind of film number seven
favorite tearjerker I'm really annoyed
because I don't have the DVD on me but
it's definitely the break-up with
Jessica Jessica Jennifer Aniston and
Vince Vaughn I love that film and I love
it because it's not the typical kind of
love film it's not lovey dovey at all
and it's quite realistic ish and I just
started I always makes me quite teary
and not all films at all wit me teri
like Titanic and all that jazz don't
make material number eight character
from a movie that's scared you the most
that's a good one what's her name's
Samara the ring she's flippin crazy I
think it's creeped me out so much for
knowledge Young's I have to say her like
how much that character flip in a
freaking help
oh she's evil movie love everyone hates
I don't know a lot of people are armies
seem to not like back to the future and
not so much the third one my favorite
one is the first one and but yeah like
Ricky and some of her friends and stuff
just on into it I'm sorry not it back to
the futures like the best film ever I
love it movie you hate everyone loves
okay I'm not gonna say I hate it that's
a bit of a harsh word but Greece why why
is this so much like faffing around that
film I don't understand
it's alright
yeah I'm not gonna hate me now but yeah
I'm not one for like the like gig yay
life dancing I'm not like into all that
stuff
number 11 favorite movie duo oh do i ah
ah ah that's really difficult but I look
I feel most like one of my favorites is
mr. and mrs. Smith and I always wish
they've done enough more so they're like
team up together but I love that GX I
love that they're like fighting most of
the film but you can tell that they love
each other and they're like they want
sexy time that's our favorite animated
movie sprouted away is really really
really really good so go and see if you
haven't seen it please watch the films
read it also animated movie obviously
Disney movies I love I could watch
Disney all day Mulan The Little Mermaid
um I some Wonderland tons of them all of
them
number 13 actor slash actress crush Tom
Hardy number one Joseph gordon-levitt
even though probably not possible James
Franco um Johnny Depp oh my god the guy
the guy in savages the mean one in
savages he's really hot there's tons of
guys I can't even think actors wise
Jennifer Lawrence um Jessica Chastain I
think that's her name and she's in
lawless um to us tons of people again
the obvious like Mila Kunis um um
Natalie Portman number 14 favorite movie
villain
so I'm looking down because my laptop's
down here in the questions Batman the
Joker that was such a good role like he
played it so well but also like Bane as
well I think Joker is a bit more he's a
lot more entertaining Oh
Sweeney Todd I love I love look 15 what
movie surprised you the most moving that
kind of I wouldn't say it surprised me
but I liked the twists and turns in it
it shutter islands because I love it
very like I don't know maybe it kind of
didn't surprise me but um yeah I love it
I hope it's just really really good
number 16 if you could only keep one
movie what would it be
bye
go hard this is a no just so I say
something different because I would say
like I'm come out or something again but
I've already said that probably you feel
may be either like Mean Girls or
something like 500 days of summer
because it's just such a cute film
number 17 movie recommendation and for
whom drive ah if you like Ryan Gosling
and I wouldn't be kind of screamish a
Swedish person though but oh my god is
such a good film if you like kind of
drawn the slash action need not really
action but bits and bobs oh it's a kind
of more of a gangster II film it's hard
to explain but drive I feel like it's
quite an underrated film actually so
yeah I felt like I was a critic or
something well if you could go back in
time and marry any actress actress from
back when who is now old who would it be
Leonardo DiCaprio cuz he was so hot so
op Oh Will Smith yeah that's a good one
number nineteen one remake you wish have
never been made die hard
they didn't exactly remake it but
they've done a newer one the new one and
it's not that good I don't think it was
that good that's me personally so I
think make sure of like left it back
there like an 80s number twenty about to
die but could only watch one more movie
what would it be oh my god oh that's a
really deep question but like maybe
something that would make me laugh so
I'd go out laughing I don't know that's
too much of a deep question man sorry
YouTube now twenty-one favorite movie
genre slash favorite movie from that
genre that's very difficult again I love
like thriller films but no I don't
really have a favorite genre I'd say
films that kind of have are pretty
interesting and throw you into the plot
and have like twists and turns
that's not even a proper genre so for
that I'd say things like Black Swan and
Inception
ah girl interrupted we twist and turns
man I'm 20
what's the first movie you remember
watching at theaters I think it was
probably like a Disney fall or something
well I hope you guys liked it and there
are loads of films that I've missed out
here like I've got loads in front of me
like The Matrix and The Devil Wears
Prada anyway I'm going to tag anyone
that wants to do it attack Ricky
actually and anyone that wants to do
this tag just feel free and do it I'd
love to see what you guys what films you
guys like as well yeah that's about it
so thank you for watching and hopefully
I'll see you again soon on this channel
I know I need to do more videos like I
need a slap on the wrist
you
