so many people here
surprise Batman
okay just talking everyone it's really
nice here oh I met candy Johnson at all
so excited about although she's like the
man
calamari I'm having lemon sorbet monkey
term am I noid ponds Lee I'm not sure
why
Oh
open the palace I started because I want
what I cut my hair off so i just kind of
started with blogging been here
started my viewers start asking how'd
you do um we were working with glossy
magazine and we build social publishing
campaign around them several live
blogging the there's the production of
the magazine and off the back of that
they look into these are working here
they already came to do all on YouTube
and we've started having discussions
with the senior London about how to
create a separate channel rather than
just a non-existing velocity channel and
faster is born let's see what's your
role in fashion well I'm a blogger and
like outside after videos and basically
passionate approach and reliable source
opportunities know you and bloggers of
the UK to kind of do some really fun
things like what you saw you know kind
of like walk around Congress tree it's
all based on Congress Street and you
know kind of episodes where you're
welcome in wacky will be not convey
street and kind of get a viewers a
little bit more involved rather than
just the Robins so that's what I do I'm
involved with that kind of talk about
Huygens it's really really fun I mean
there's nothing else really that we have
the UK to do we never gives you that
kind of charm so it's just this pretty
fun I just had my first video I actually
thought with lauren luke doing my friend
with a guided like you see the early
tutorials click on YouTube that's so
weird and then I watched her and I just
fell in love with her and I was like oh
my gosh my friend like your makeup
artists so why don't you teach people
like you're a real tips and tricks and I
was like I'll be like give us version of
her and then had no idea that other
girls in the US are you doing it till
after I started but I best if I started
so a friend of mine are being up there
smokey I figured it would be easier to
film it than email because I hate you
lately so I'm still never put it on
YouTube and that's how it began and then
I was about what eight months pregnant
then when you started yeah Jenkins
pregnant only yourself some hero oh cool
this is kind of like it's all right and
then I'm going to have body and Nick
started doing it and um I mean I have
grand plans of thing that would love to
do and think that I mean they're things
that naturally come from my heart right
like I hate jewelry auctions like I
would like to make my own jewelry nobody
knows like I used the design jewelry and
I would like I'd be making it and I take
to like every store in Hollywood making
like um no um no we're not
your jewelry and I'm like a comedian
people buy it was cruel and I got to
design like a purse and that was like
ridiculously fun it like kind of made me
want to be like oh I want to can we make
sure who's can make something together
so we have our forces we have an online
magazine makeup mistakes to Maxine check
now which you can get up it's really
good it's all industry based God brushes
and we teach we do a every other month
we can support so I'm constantly busy
burundi another room now after this
Couture and there's like sweets and
everything I though if you guys can see
that and I've been chatting to just so
many youtubers are so cool as let's see
science and patricia i was speaking to a
me who does the fashion videos at the
flat for just so so lovely ok so you're
here so i'm out here right now
but you have to rescue like no we're
here together that's off the party i
noticed i like everyone shoes so these
are my special XP for tennis every day
I'm in flight about everyone I don't
County silo smell delicious thank you
it's really a mystery it was something
something you're so beautiful you like
even prettier in real life I just want
to put you in my purse thank you I could
you make up on you yes yes you should be
my neighbor we have been neighbors haha
this is one of the rooms at the YouTube
space not horrible it's all the platform
girls so it's empty now we leave in this
is a wool it already it's cool that the
treasure and I are in this is really
chunky but we really really need it's
like do our makeup right there kind of
close but I've been really sweet kind of
letting us do I that they didn't it like
this good yeah so so we're going to be
going to the dr top i also spoke
cross-eyed
today anyway which looks lovely
hey nice summer my weight home now I'm
so so sorry to hide
today was just the most amazing day like
because I wanted to meet like Andrea and
candy and oh my god Amy like so many
people who so so so long and it's just
amazing just amazing meeting them so i'm
so happy that i just got doing them
because i feel like i don't know because
they live so far away like you'll never
ever you know meet the people in the US
and things but yeah such a good day and
also like being an pallium of patricia
Alexei saya also Louise for so many
people but yeah as I said I'm really
tired and it's about half eleven so yeah
just got kind of home in time for the
Train start stopping and stuff but i
think i'll end up look here I'm sorry
for all my shaky camera work today it's
just it's so overwhelming so thank you
so much for watching this book i hope
you liked it and check out everyone
else's blogs as well
from the beauty comp
I'll see you guys in the next one bye
