morning's Tuesday and we have delivered
by a dining table and it's just arrived
just I want to show you guys it so nice
there she is
I've just realized she's on those extra
bits of carpet we'll have to move that
but I think it's from I think it's
called bacon stone it's noise and then
our chairs are from made calm and this
is the lot this is our dining room this
is the last room that we have to put
together so that's why there's a lot of
random bits everywhere so we need to
move all this stuff and just you know
finish the room off properly and I need
to sort out all these like window sills
that's just kind of cluttering at the
moment but yeah so that should look nice
on my done and these are actually like
how were they short purple on camera
that's so odd because they're like a
dark dark blue but there's mice to be
black but that's really weird how
they're showing off on camera yeah
they're really really comfy chairs and
hey it's so nice to have a table back
here finally anyway I'm gonna go
upstairs do bit editing Indies out her
morning at nursery I've got about 20
minutes do I need to go and get her and
then my mom's coming over she's gonna
watch indie for a while so I can do a
bit of work I'm just having fun I always
eat it before I show you looks a bit
gross but just yogurt and berries and
granola and right I'm a pupster
Indy's back Hey so while I wait for my
mom to get here I'm gonna sort of look
at how old these bloody bananas are I've
been really wanting to make banana bread
for my over a week so I finally got
everything ready and then right after
she gets there are these work but I'm
just gonna try and like knock this up
I'm using this vegan banana and peanut
butter Loaf recipe from Madeline Shores
book and I haven't done it before so
hopefully it'll come out okay I think
was cross
what's ingredients dry ingredients I'm
not a good Baker oh yeah I know I need a
proper mixer this is I just happen to
use a normal bowl because I don't really
have any bacon bowls
sorry looks a bit don't because I've
just Authority and some it is so good it
doesn't look right at the moment but it
tastes amazing so I just got done
filming my fenty beauty video and it was
nice to do I was kind of not um exactly
I wasn't like totally in the mood to
film before but I find that filming is a
lot like exercise like once you just do
it puts you into a better mood it's
renu-it so yeah that was good
and taking Indy out to go and then just
you know I've got a little that look at
them they've gotten a little outing
together and now I have to clean up look
this is this is how it ends up yeah look
okay look at that oh my god that is the
trophy wife highlighter well for the
rest of the day I'm probably gonna be
editing and not that much more which is
really boring for you guys but yeah
enjoying the vlog anything that is
interesting for us is today update from
Davis the man Davis my Hindi is my give
an update
how are you doing today
no I'm tired always tires well your
mother is out with our daughter and
she's an hour late getting home yeah
listen use that time whom we like where
is our daughter the first time I
I am techno and I was like it's past
Indy's bedtime but it is he asleep just
cook in about prepping and I was
watching Barbara's new video
I loved half the Persian babe and they
mentioned being English
thanks girl I love your channel so much
always or link Barbara down below by the
way I've loved her for years we need to
like have a catch-up but yeah I love her
channel she's so real as well and
gorgeous
hey guys please excuse my appearance I'm
just right what day is it Wednesday
you strike up the noise in the
background there's gardeners that week
when I'm so shaky I think I've had too
much coffee also another thing I wanted
to say I know that a lot of you were
saying how I'm just making you what is
going on today
this spinach is all looks like it's
blown off but it's not special oh yeah
might be the thing just about my wife
you know and you're like try drinking
this coffee and you're probably totally
my I'm gonna try and cut down a bit on
how much I have and because because I
was thinking about it as well and I feel
like when I started really getting this
coffee that's when I feel like my social
anxiety got really bad as well which I
hadn't really haven't thought of before
because I I never really knew what
triggered my social anxiety ever so yeah
I wonder I wonder today though I had
actually had one coffee but it was a
strong coffee so I feel like it's just
kind of got to me in a more shaky but
yeah anyway sorry
I'm sure a lot of you are not interested
in coffee chat I'm just making myself a
bit of food because otherwise I'm not
gonna eat anything later on dinner
and I'm really excited about it because
finally I've heard so much about Cicely
products and they seem like such an
amazing brand so I really want to kind
of learn a bit more about the brand but
yeah I'll bring you guys with me for
that that's at 7 p.m. but I want to go
into a bit earlier as well because
there's some things I want to see if I
can get my hands on as well and I'm
really we are going to anthropology and
maybe
I don't this click to be too long
because just the lighting in it it's so
bad I'm sure it's not nice to watch but
yeah I was going to finish making my
salad this is my late lunch I've got
spinach chip this is so random spinach
tuna bit of hummus avocado tomato
lentils super random but a lot of
goodness so I'm just watching Lucy moon
and I need to choose what outfit I'm
going to wear for this dinner and do my
makeup I think I'm gonna go for a strong
lip because I think I'm gonna have my
heartmy at my high my hair tied back
because I just call my father to do it
and I just think it looks a bit Anita's
hardback anyway and so look at my big
old head
a long time today but just one other
story
so now I'm just having dinner
I'm just actually heading into Mars
first because there's a back I've had my
eye on and harnesses it for maybe Jason
okay I may have gotten one I was gonna
go sir just a plain black back because I
just need like her an everyday Black
Dagger my everyday one is like weight
All Saints one so I was gonna get the
black Marshall oh but then they have
this leopard print woman it's so nice so
that should be my everyday one now show
you guys so a my dinner is in parishes
and I'm a little bit nervous like don't
know who's gonna be there but I'm hoping
they'll be fine
just got home and it's quite late I just
went to end this vlog and say bye thank
you guys for watching it was such a nice
dinner with Cicely everyone was so
lovely like had my good chaps very nice
to get out and like you know do
something a bit different than like my
normal day-to-day routine and I'll show
you what I'll show you guys like the
sissy product and the bag that I got and
everything in the next vlog my top is
hmm my jeans are just Topshop straight
like jeans and I was wearing my under
the story's boots but they're long gone
my necklace is I miss summer I'll see
you guys tomorrow or the day after
tomorrow bye
