hey guys it's been a little while and
all time you saw me I was like coming
home from holiday and stuff today I'm
going to be going to London Fashion Week
first day of it it's friday the 15th or
februari and yeah I just thought I'd
bring you guys along with me and yeah
I'm going on my own I know some other
people are going to be there so I hope
feel kind of bumping some people there
as well I kind of like kind of threw an
outfit together it kind of looks put
together when it's all together but I
just as an ardent Reaper lot of effort
into it deposits I'm going to finish
getting ready I think and then i'll be
out to the dow so this is the outfit of
the day this is my i think only fashion
week outfit and hopefully it kind of
looks Fashion Week esque I know some
people last time got a bit annoyed at me
because I walk out I just quite casual
last time but I was just like whatever
all my little some wearing wet and wild
Sugar Plum Fairy lips stuff and perhaps
from Topshop and my jacket is from
runway which I love and this jumper I
got from Topshop the other day it was in
a sale for 20 quid and I thought it
looks quite 60s and stuff which I know I
was supposed to be in fashion and all
that and my American Apparel riding
pants and my hmm wedges and then Mazzara
city I always see what it's called city
something back on of it but I'm gonna be
going I was but I wasn't sure whether to
wear a lot of jewellery but I thought I
just leave it out I don't know um I'd
only be too over the top or anything but
yeah I'm going to be going now and I'll
probably see oh yeah I've already film
on the way and stuff so by Ricky
yeah just got my class which looks like
this
everyone gets like information I guess
quite far easy
oh I don't know how much time i got i
might go into helping in a makeup fit
outside askme area
sure you got a looks like and there's a
fitting water
as a showroom looks very nice
stylish or this week
hey guys so now we're in the queue
I'm sorry light and
acting on them excited yeah yeah I
really excited this is like my first
proper shower it's so freezing outside
oh look we're gonna go see what your
schooling or fraud
okay oh my god l three
hey guys this shows finish watching
brutal and then I can show you look and
we're just doing a little kind of
blogger thing and get in some photos
from gloves
it and
30 and it's just really cool to everyone
winning or fame kavita's key thing
surely she looks love-ly iphone looks
lovely hey and we will go officer in the
waters and it's so cool man hey guys so
I'm on way home now it's like dark and
it's quite late now actually it's like
plastic and I just thought a dear little
hot date I went to eat with them surely
and Zara Molly free and kavita and it
was really really cool so I just thought
I'd look
nigs it's quite dark it's been such a
good day it's naughty like so much
better than I thought it might be
because you know as I was going on my
own and stuff and I knew you know like i
said earlier some people would be going
but i didn't know if i'd be able to see
them and things so I thought if you can
even see me cuz it's really dark but
yeah and like met a lot of people that
kind of watched my channel or look at my
blog so it was really really nice to
meet all of you and it was really cool I
feel like I want to go back again like
all the days but I don't going to go to
all the days i think if i do it might be
tuesday or something that's about it
I'll update you when I get in okay so I
went inside change a little bit as you
can see I just like casual down a little
bit more and I'm a freaking out look
what I found yeah you guys haven't seen
them um but yeah I'm just I'm so
knackered I'm gonna go and see if
starting at starbucks i could be
so which spin on it that meant I don't
miss tainot proxy Oh computer she said
that she saw last time that when we
mentioned her as well as your what makes
weird because I'm what I'm eating myself
she's she's the same it to you yeah not
sure I didn't know me fine normally
people gonna hang senator Hazen goes my
type okay via wait for the pub he's such
a fur I was never like all the way she's
so long no seem sweet we were doing
lunges yesterday as well it's all blurry
I got a vanilla soy latte and Ricky got
a latte I believe also pump seem a bit
like on their Island master hand huh I
don't do now you're old there's no I
have max I'm a comp your blaster I'm
really grumpy as well if I nap in the
day our in Lamar's tesco and I hope for
you like this dream
