hey guys so I was just kind of chilling
and I just felt in the mood to film a
video so and I feel like because I
haven't been doing you like obviously
Dave vlogs for a while
on my second tone I feel weird I kinda
need to I need to film something and I
feel like just chatting to you guys
again so I was actually tagged to do the
London tag I believe it's called by I
was tagged by Lily from Lily pebbles or
what I thought today and also by Anna's
on TV on there because it does makeup so
thank you girls attacking me and I love
doing tags basically it's all about your
favorite kind of things in London and
software apps so it could be interesting
maybe some of you that are around London
or it could be I could give you guys
that aren't in the country or something
some ideas when you visit maybe I'm not
sure but anyway number one favorite
place for breakfast I did not save this
one because I honestly I never really
have breakfast in up in London like in
central if I go up to Center I would
have already had my breakfast and then
I'll go and like have lunch or dinner a
place that I really like that I'd
recommend for you to go to you for
breakfast with me Cafe Rouge and try
their french toast
ah and get like I don't know if it comes
in it will you ask for it but with fruit
with strawberries and bananas and they
give you a little honey and it's just so
a nice try their french toast and
favorite boots and Superdrug I like this
question actually I actually really
liked recently the boots in Westfield in
White City because it just it actually
has everything I quite like browsing
that one I don't feel like rushed or I
don't know it's like big enough and yeah
I just said it has everything as like
origins benefit you know why cell shall
know all those all that stuff and then
it also has that upstairs where it has
all the medical stuff so it's just like
quite comfortable to browse around in
and Superdrug
I'm not even that sure actually I'm
actually not that fast of super drugs I
quite like super drug but I don't really
have a favorite I'm a free favorite
beauty haul again
I actually don't love Beauty Hills
because I don't always feel comfortable
and beauty hauls you know that kind of
those were okay if I had to say one
maybe sell
for Jess or knocks the street but I
don't love her either
I always feel a bit uncomfortable and
beauty whores in general because you
know and I don't know I feel like the
women working at the stands and we're
kind of looking at you and they're like
what do you want and so no sometimes I
feel like they look down their nose at
your bear and that makes me feel
uncomfortable you know if you're kind of
browsing their deal or in Chanel and
like you kind of look like a chump like
oh you do look like a chunk one about so
hopefully they look at me and they're
like can I help you like buy anything
which I usually don't sorry I suck in
this tag you've had to say one in
previous Selfridges because it's really
big favorite area for everything so like
for shopping and food and all that jazz
that's hard I think the first thing that
comes to mind is Spitalfields market in
in the East End but I don't go there
often
quite like Camden and I like Covent
Garden it really sucks because I
actually like I love exploring London
and everything and I have pins are quite
a few different areas and stuff like
that but I feel like what I do go out to
go shopping and everything I end up
going to the same areas all the time
which is kind of boring I guess but I
wish I could say something require key
and different but probably I really
enjoyed Camden especially in summer
favorite Park for walks so be honest I
don't really go to parks often I don't
really go on walks off to people so like
boring but I've been in I've been to
Primrose Hill before quite a few times
and that was so nice especially okay go
to Primrose Hill at nighttime and look
at the view from Primrose Hill this is
kind of on the edge of Camden or in
Camden area as well so yeah that's a
nice Park
I don't like Hyde Park though I don't
like it at all tip for the tube this is
a funny one that she was always like an
experience in London oh my god that's
difficult this is a no-brainer I guess
but always have you're always Takada
ticket ready so you can just go through
quickly and you're not fumbling around
because then everyone will build up
behind you or you're like fumbling for
your ticket or Oyster Card
so like be prepared that's I think be
prepared for on the train I don't really
have one I think the girls are my watch
there they had like a good tips but I
don't I know where you're going and if
you're going northbound south
westbound eastbound and know what line
you need to be on and where they cross I
guess this is for beginners beginners
this is for like people don't have a
visited yeah I guess so yeah
what would your perfect day out in
London include this one my perfect day
out in London will probably start this
sounds all like push but start in
Kensington Area no High Street
Kensington have like a French kind of
cross on and it's stuff breakfast and a
hot chocolate and then I've never done
that by the way it just seems like
really nice to do and then go to like up
the street or or Westfield notes the
street going for a little shop in Oxford
Street then have lunch at Leon I love
Leon either do more shopping or as know
something else snazzy you could do and
then go for dinner and there are so many
nice like well when I have dinner around
central or West End I like to have like
Chinese food and stuff so maybe then go
to Chinatown and have dinner or chai
chai moon I think it's called in Carnaby
Street
that'll be my thing and then go for
drinks I went to this bar once and that
was stroke oh my god I can't read what
it's called but it's basically like just
on the edge of Covent Garden area the
style of it was like pinup like pin-up
tattoos and just grungy stuff
everything's like that caught me what
it's called Belle I put the name of the
bar down below but there are so many
nice bars in London obviously it's like
full of them but that would be cool and
then go home and then be able to go home
in a taxi and not like not get the late
night train because they don't run so
not get stuck in London nobody favorite
gallery slash museum I like the one
that's near Leicester Square
I feel like normal with my answers is
they called the National Portrait
Gallery I think they have quite a few
exhibitions is that the right word
exhibition yeah every now and then which
are quite interesting I honestly don't
go to like galleries a lot of really
should I should be more cultured stuff I
used to go loads when I was studying or
and and fashion and stuff I used to go
quite a lot but now I just don't know I
just can't be asked really where else
the Science Museum's fun
History Museum's as well because I find
that really interesting your London
secret I feel so boring I don't really
have a secret as such in summer in
Camden
going to the kind of market stall bit
where they have a little they have a
little market of mainly food and it's
from different countries and stuff it's
really really cute and going to the
place that has the pineapple drinks I
actually posted a picture on my
Instagram yesterday of a throwback of
when I had that drink oh my god it's a
real pineapple and they put they carve
the top and put like a pina colada in
sight but it's not alcoholic it's just
juice see if they have the pineapple
drink it's so good and once all it's
someone that's so touristy but in Covent
Garden you know in the bit where you
they have the bit in the middle where
there's kind of show areas and you go
down the stairs and then there's like
paella and stuff like that go downstairs
on the left bears I can't what it is
again but it's like an Indian or
Moroccan kind of look little restaurant
and the food there was so good so maybe
check out that place I'll try and
remember when it's called and put it
down below I'm terrible with names
it's not a secret either but try out
Leon I love Leon it's um kind of on the
beginning of Carnaby Street if you
haven't been to like the Western terrier
before check out Leon or they have one
in East as well we might go sit around
and number 10 a favorite bar SATA Club
and I wish I went out more in London
like the nights out like honestly dude I
don't get out that much but I've been to
penthouse before I've been to sound
which are both in a the Leicester Square
area sound was terrible penthouse was
okay maybe the bother I mentioned before
because I honestly can't think of
anything it is Christian and I also went
to one and I again I can't rip what it's
called but the surroundings was like Art
Deco and 40 is kind of design in there
and it was really like immaculate and it
was really pretty in there but um yeah
I'm kind of boring I'm really sorry if
this tack was really boring or fine I
need to like discover more things I
guess yeah
thank you again the leaf attacking me
and Anna and oh here do i tag uh I
tag for Tricia brick put princess shyly
Louise sprinkleofglitter Oh actually
Wald's they have to be in London I don't
know anyone anyone that likes London or
ghost London a lot of lives in London
you're all tagged anyway thank you for
watching I'll see you in my next one
let me know you want to see on my vlog
channel as well bye
