hi everyone so today's vlogmas i think
best day 12 are gonna be doing the
celebrity crush tag just because i'm not
doing much today wolf okay so for one
i'm not doing much at all i'm literally
just gonna be like editing and doing
emails and doing some work and stuff
like that and - I don't feel that well
so if I was to vlog the down spiel mony
stuff so I thought I'd rather just do a
tag and hopefully you guys will like it
and tag by Kate from this is what I do
and so thank you Kate tagging no-one who
was your young celebrity crush when I
first thought of this Tigers trying to
think who I had a crush on cuz I can't I
can't remember that many people oh I
know I definitely had a crush on a
Marian from oh my god the NK b b2 BN k
b2 k but a Marian oh my god he was so
hot oh I did have a crush on Duncan from
blue okay number two celebrity girl
crush I have way too many celebrity girl
crushes it's a bit like getting a bit
silly
okay so the usual ones I love Mila Kunis
oh my god I love Natalie Portman oh I
just think she's like perfection I just
love watching her films because I just
love her face so much I just like
Angelina Jolie zoe kravitz I think she's
hot
Oh oh my god what's her name she was
Katniss in The Hunger Games
Jennifer Lawrence I think that's her
name got a girl crush on her oh my god
the girl that's in Fast and Furious you
know they're really kick-ass one and
she's in loads of kind of action films I
think she's quite hot yeah
Rihanna Rita Ora oh my god really big
girl crush for me um Kristen Stewart
which is wigs and a lot of people don't
like her but oh my god I think she's I
think she's so pretty like I love her
face and Adriana Lima all thing like
Brazilian supermodels I just flip in
amazing Rosie huntington-whiteley
I think she is just aa
that's what is celebrity crush over 40
actually I don't know their ages you
know everyone's ages for the guys but I
really like Hugh Jackman oh my I don't
know how old he is I don't if he's over
40 but oh my god
him as Wolverine I'm just like Robert
Downey jr. oh he's really really hot him
as Iron Man
I love how cookie he is is that I don't
like cocky guys but it's just something
about his persona that is that makes
them quite hot Oh Will Smith Wilson he's
oh my he is amazing I don't even know
how old he is either
I think he's over 40 but Will Smith Oh
Denzel Washington definitely yeah
boyband crush I'm guessing like back
back then when it was boy band time I
didn't even have that many crushes I
already told you like that I like
stunk confront blue oh yeah I didn't
really like that many guys from boy
bands cuz I think even back then I just
thought it was quite cheesy I think I
liked the girls more cuz that was a time
that I really liked Beyonce and
Destiny's Child I was like girl power
and the Spice Girls before then and so I
think I was more into like the girls
stuff and Britney Spears and stuff like
that but I've lost one teenage jailbait
crush which again I don't think I really
have one at the moment there's obviously
like Justin tip doesn't apply Justin
Beaver there's one direction not really
a fan so no I like my men bit older I
think a bit more experienced just a bit
more like okay well okay if I had to say
I used to watch runs house all the time
and oh this is so wrong
but that's here no not even the younger
one oh I don't know but anyway what's
his name his sons like now I've gotten
quite good you know when they've
grown up in there I wouldn't do anything
that's just disgusting but I'm just
saying that they've like growing to be I
think they're gonna be quite hot so
that's my like hot prediction like
younger guys but I think that's about it
I can't think of other people I don't
know if this tag kind of sucks but I
hope you guys liked it anyway
and you're all tagged if you want
this tag I'm gonna tack anyone in
particular because before I can't think
of anyone and for two I just want
everyone to do it so if you do this
leave it as a video response and I'd
love to check it out sorry this is it
for vlogmas but I hope you liked it I'm
just not doing much today to vlog it all
so tomorrow is going to be quite a
different story though hopefully I'm
gonna be out and about in a bit so
anyway I hope you've been like in the
vlogs and thank you for watching bye
