hi everyone I hope you're all well and
so today I thought I'd do a motivational
kind of video and this is kind of even
more targeted towards you know health
and fitness rather then well I guess you
could use a lot of tips for other stuff
as well but it's going to be mainly
talking about like for working now and
for eating right and stuff like that
also I Maurice worry about the lighting
and I always say that but it's so weird
but lighting at the moment so weird so
like pushing me out I thought I'm not
wearing the wrong foundation it's just
the lighting but um yeah okay so
basically I feel like I have like I feel
like I really want to share a lot about
this topic because if you guys know but
over the last few months I had like
radically changed my diet and I've been
working out a lot more than I was before
hand because I just came to a point
rolls like I just felt like crap I feel
like crap all the time like I was eating
bad and I just wasn't working out and
yes there's just one day where I was
like right no I'm going to start working
out I'm cutting out all the crap and
that it takes so much like you need a
lot of motivation and dedication to
start that and not even just start it
but to keep it going on like over over
about a week some people fall off of it
but you need the motivation to keep
going and yes so there are a few things
that I felt helped me to motivate myself
and that I feel like some people might
want an eye or might need as well from
somewhere like when I was in the my bad
time of like eating crap and stuff like
that in the back of my head for ages I
just knew I was there are you know I
really should start working out I really
should start eating healthfully but I
just didn't I just like ah but this
tastes good thought it and I needed the
motivation to stop saying oh later
I'll get fit and later I'll eat well and
I needed to just do it now and that's
where I needed the motivation if that
makes sense all my friend I've written
down loads of tips like too many it's
are we gonna make this video really long
but on motivation and you can't even see
but like my tips okay so they're kind of
broken into categories the first one is
oh I just have to say before this poetry
a lot of people would find this video
helpful or like interesting but it's
mainly for the people who people out
there who seriously have wanted for a
long time and know they can to get fit
and eat right and it's motivation for
the people that really really need it so
if you don't need it and you're not
gonna take anything from this video I
hope you still enjoy it but remember
that I am really trying to help people
out there that need the motivation let
me know if this video helps you okay
this is my first kind of section and the
most important one is I just put it
under you because at the end of the day
it's only you that it comes down to for
motivation nobody else is gonna help you
like they can people can kind of help
you along the way but ultimately it
comes down to yourself because you make
your own choices my first thing is how
bad do you want it and I wanted so bad I
wanted to be in a better shape I wanted
my body to look better
not even like thinner whatever I just
wanted it to be like a better you know
better me and I wanted I just wanted to
in myself you know to be fitter and more
healthy I mean knowing that I want to
want it to be fitter keeps me going
right even now so I just know myself
that I want it that bad so I'm not gonna
like have a massive pizza to myself or
you can it's all in moderation but I'm
not gonna do that because I really want
to be fit and healthy so how about you
want to start now like do you want it
like do you want to be fit looks I'm
like crazy person but if you want it you
can you'll do it but if you don't want
it if you don't want it enough you'll
slack off and you're like forget like
your you won't do the DVDs you won't go
to the gym you must not want it that bad
like it sounds hot but you must not want
it that bad if you're not if you don't
if you don't keep yourself on on it if
that makes sense what are you aiming for
and what are your goals and I don't I
don't personally say
set a really set in stone gold because
like everyone's bullies work in a
different way and it might take you a
longer time to get the girl then you
thought and then you might get kind of
demotivated what I'm trying to say is
what are you aiming for you know what
and also don't aim for something
ridiculous and you know that you know is
not going to happen like especially in a
short amount of time but I did like for
myself and I am at the moment setting an
aim like what I'm aiming for how healthy
I want to be kind of you know what I'm
looking for in my body
aesthetically and it's nothing crazy
like nothing stick things aside you know
like my body isn't actually like that
another thing is you want to remind
yourself like if it's getting hard why
are you doing it you know so it's two
weeks in and you're feeling a little bit
better but you're not seeing massive
results yet
why are you doing it in the first place
and also like you've come so far like
you know if you start something now in a
week even a week in a week you will look
back and be like you've done so well in
a week so just remind yourself why are
you starting anyway like what did you
want from it what are you where are you
trying to get yeah choices I've already
talked about choices but everything is a
choice like from watching this video you
can make a choice if you want to say
right I'm getting on track or you can
make a choice I mean I'm not saying
you'd have to do from this video but you
know you you make the choices tonight
you could have that like fudge chocolate
cake or you could not as like a little
own little thing to kind of get you on
track but it's all down to you and your
choices at the end of the day it's only
you that's gonna get up in the morning
to go to the gym and just like it's only
you that can make the choices that like
what you're putting into your body it's
gonna make he's gonna have such an
effect on you know your journey your
weight-loss journey or your fitness
journey and it's just down to you so
this one is motivate yourself don't
don't rely on other people to motivate
you and it's great if other people do
motivate you and you know helps keep you
on track that's such a good thing
because I don't have that many people
around me that do help motivate me so I
literally
I had to motivate myself and I didn't I
didn't like Bryant other people I didn't
say to someone like oh I don't feel like
doing it today but I just said to myself
no you're doing it you're doing it so
another thing to do with you and
yourself is say if you're eating bad at
the moment and you are not enjoying it
you really need to notice how you're
feeling as you eat these these bad foods
so if you're let's say if you had about
donald's and McDonald's like it's also
exciting to get it it's like obviously
it smell it smells it's all smell nice
obviously it tastes so good so it tastes
so good while you're eating that's
almost for afterwards how do you feel
and I bet you feel like crap afterwards
like I haven't had him at Donna's for
ages ba so nice to eat but afterwards I
was just like I feel like I just feel
horrible like in myself and I craved
like fresh food so you need to notice
how you're feeling as you eat good or
bad food and since I've been eating a
lot healthier and just good foods for
your body giving my body nutrition I
feel so much better I feel happier I
feel more alive I've got more energy I
just feel more proud of myself for like
having a healthy meal versus a bad meal
and you feel fuller as well because it
you know it's proper food it's not crap
and chemicals and sugar like take a test
on take like if you're not that Intel
feeling of stuff take like a two days
and say it's okay for two days
I'll eat healthy let's see how I feel
try it out a bit you'll feel better
okay well next section is under kind of
the word now in the present now right
now so if your weight okay so also while
I was eating badly and I didn't make
myself do it for like ages I felt like I
was waiting for something to kind of
jumpstart me onto being healthy if
you're waiting for a sign what I'm
trying to say is this is your sign take
this as your sign this video Sam sitting
here telling you start now get healthy
get fit try something new give it a try
this is your sign another one I love
this I I don't know I think this is such
a good and relevant point
all the time like people around me and
everything when they are buzzin oh you
know when people say I'm gonna start a
diet oh I'm gonna work out I'll go to
the gym but on Monday all tomorrow and
then you'll eat loads of loads of junk
loads of loads and loads of junk now and
don't don't like don't set your goals
for then start now like if you're
watching this and you're thinking ok
I'll start being healthy next week I'll
start being healthy in two days no start
now like from now don't do anything bad
for yourself from now because I feel
like when people set it for Monday it
just doesn't happen like you guys and I
said so many things for Monday like oh
eat better on Monday it never happened
because it has to be now like you're
living in the present and yeah just not
Monday ok just a little quote that I
picked up from the Jillian Michaels DVDs
that I've been doing and something that
I think is also it's kind of related and
it kept me going as well is changes not
in the future it's now is the present
activity so it's what you're doing now
that's gonna make the change not not why
my just repeating what I said but so
what I've been saying mostly is coming
from yourself and so this isn't this is
why I haven't said things like look at
that picture of yourself and like you're
not anything like stuff like that and
and put a picture of like Rita Ora on
your Roth on Miller on your wall look at
her body that's what you want to be like
that's not going to help you but there
are a few things externally from
yourself that have motivated me and
helped keep me on track I feel on tumblr
I'm on tumblr all the time I'll put my
link down below if you want to see it
it's dollhouse XO and I follow some Fitz
Bo I think they're called tumblers not
to be confused ok with since by
thinspiration things on tumblr isn't
what I look at I love hat fits Parisian
so it's tumblers that are into fitness
health healthy eating like good meals
and
so the most of it we're trying to get
out is that they have a lot of
motivational quotes on there and
motivational quotes like they don't
always work but a lot of the time they
will help me keep on track and they just
keep you going they keep you feeling
good about yourself
so I'll maybe put some of my favorite
like Fitness tumblers down below just
for a bit of inspiration they also help
me help me get motivated to go to the
gym that's it actually for like external
things I don't like to focus too much on
things apart from yourself to keep you
on track but the last thing I thought is
just just a few like reminders first
thing is don't be too hard on yourself
just remember that if you're beginning
something it is really hard at first and
like don't beat yourself up if you miss
a day or if you have an off day don't
beat yourself up because no one's
perfect and also like you don't have to
work out every day it's good to take
break days so obviously most people do
and then the other thing I was gonna say
is Oh a massive one remember that it
takes time because so many tons in the
past I've started a fitness thing and
been like oh we're gonna get all fit and
then like about two weeks in okay if I
wouldn't see a lot of change I'd be like
what's the point like I feel like I put
so much hard work in something and I
wasn't seeing results results take time
to come especially it depends on the
kind of person you are if you have a
faster metabolism and things like that
and just how your personal body changes
and it took a good kind of month meat at
first for me to see a really big change
in my body but you did I started feeling
better straightaway rome wasn't built in
a day and every little thing you do
every trip to the gym them every healthy
meal it's all adding up to like you
being a better you and being healthier
and one slight last thing something that
I think about when I'm thinking about my
kind of journey on getting getting
fitter is I see my weight loss journey
or like my fitness journey as imagined
it's kind of you pushing a car up a hill
so all this time you're obviously
putting a lot of effort into some
you're trying to aim for some things
aren't gonna be as good as others and
sometimes you're gonna fall back and
like the cars gonna slip down the hill a
little bit but don't let it slip all the
way down the hill
don't let it like don't give up it slips
a bit down the hill and you push it back
up don't any like just keep going I keep
doing this but yeah just imagine that
make sense
that is about it this video is really
flippin long sorry I could I can talk
for so long about this but I really hope
this video helps some of you out there
let me know if it's motivated you let me
know if it's been helpful at all or just
interesting or if you're sitting eating
a bag of crisps and you're just like meh
but it was like fun to watch or anything
or something let me know if you want any
other fitness health diet related videos
and I'll try and do them and yeah thank
you for watching did I say that already
okay bye
