hey once I stay I'm going to make Thai
coconut curry shrimp when I first heard
the name I thought would be really
complicated and loads to it but it's so
easy so it's another really easy recipe
but you can do is even if you're a
beginner because I I'm pretty much a
beginner it'll be brilliant as like a
post works meal or like after school or
after anything so okay what I'm going to
do is going to put all the ingredients
down in the bottom bar and so you can
check them all out there instead of me
going through everything because it
might be a bit tedious oh well let me
know if you like me in the video to tell
you all the ingredients but they'll be
down below so check her out so I'll just
give it begin you will just need
obviously a chopping boards a knife and
a wok or you can use a frying pan okay
so I've got my four green onions we call
them spring onions here in the UK and
I'm just going to chop off the rocket
ends and I'm just going to slice them
finely cool quite finely if you got your
spring onions we're going to use most
more of the white pot for cooking with
and more of the green darker green
section to garnish with later
and I've also just watched washed my
sugar snap peas so they're ready to go
and then you want to get your shrimp or
prawns ma I've just got Atlantic peeled
prawns from M&S you can have any type of
ones you want you can have king ones if
you like the large more succulent ones
or I like this small prawns so I'm going
to use these so I'm going to bring my
gas cooker to a medium to high heat I'm
using coconut oil but you can use
vegetable oil or any kind of oil you
like canola oil and peanut oil tend not
to smoke as much as some other also good
as well so I'm going to take a teaspoon
of coconut oil
I'm going to add the whiter parts of my
green onion and a tablespoon of red Thai
curry paste you can use any one you want
and also you can use as much or as
little as you want because depends how
spicy you like it
this paste does tend to sit a lot a lot
so maybe stand back when you add this
and I'm just going to take off the heat
for a second but I'm going to add the
garlic 2 cloves of garlic add your
shrimp forms and your sugar snap peas
you can turn the heat down a little bit
of your garlic looks like it's browning
too much or if it's getting quite dry
leave it up more oil so now you can also
see the result if you want to I'm not
going to so I feel like the porns gives
such a saltiness already but you can do
and then still take that for about 2 to
3 minutes ok then the recipe calls for 6
ounces of coconut milk which again you
can tweet depending on how kind of runny
you want it or if you want to morph it
so I like it a tiny bit thicker so then
add your pencil
and paste should tick him out a little
bit too I'm also going to add two
teaspoons of fish sauce then click that
for another two to three minutes or
until it's at the consistency that you
like and also until your prawns are
cooked through and then you're basically
done
so then just serve it on a bed of rice
I've used um brown rice because it's a
bit healthier and it should look
something like that I don't know if it
will focus in on it but it's so nice and
then also use some of your more green
spring onions to garnish and I
personally like to put on some cashew
nuts
I love cashew cups and that's it I don't
of your choosing we like mm-hmm it's
very nice okay thank you for watching I
hope you enjoyed this recipe let me know
of any other recipes you'd like to see
and let me know if you try it out and
like show you me if you do it as well so
yeah thanks for watching bye
