everyone welcome back so now I'm going
to show you how I make my Nutella stuff
cinnamon sugar muffins and I
instagrammed a picture of these a little
while ago and I made them before and
loads of people wanted me to show you
how to make them so I thought I'd do it
it's definitely a treat it's kind of a
dessert kind of thing or actually you
can use them as a breakfast because they
are quite wholesome and also I'm going
to use a lot of the kind of healthier
type of ingredients when I make it but
you can substitute it for like white
flour white sugar if you really want to
so what you'll need for this is a third
of a cup of unsalted butter half a cup
of sugar and we use brown sugar 1 egg 1
teaspoon of vanilla extract 1/2 a cup of
milk you can use any milk I'm going to
use almond milk a cup and a half of
whole wheat flour or white flour if you
wanted one and a half teaspoons of
baking powder a half a teaspoon of
cinnamon
quarter a teaspoon of nutmeg half a
teaspoon of salt and 8 teaspoons of
Nutella also for the cinnamon sugar
topping which is optional but I really
like it on the top it gives it it
finishes off really nicely is water of a
cup of sugar 2 teaspoons of cinnamon and
3 tbsp unsalted butter okay first thing
one do is pre-heat your oven to I think
it's 425 degrees Fahrenheit which is 218
degrees Celsius and gas mark 7 yes the
first thing I do is cream together your
butter and sugar add your 1/2 a cup of
sugar and then I'm just going to cream
them together it does say again on this
recipe to use this a mixer but I don't
have a mixer so I'm just going to use my
muscles so if you have a mix like using
be a lot easier so your sugar and butter
together should be looking something
like that just the machine you want to
add in your egg your 1 teaspoon of
vanilla extract
and your half a cup of milk so whisk at
the ready and just mix that together
first then you want to add your flour
cinnamon and nutmeg and give that all a
good mix okay in the recipe it says stir
until just combined don't over mix this
too much and now you're gonna just start
putting it into your trays there's a few
different ways you can do this obviously
because their mothers they are supposed
to be a little bit bigger I kind of than
the normal cupcake shapes obviously I do
have a muffin tray here but I've used
this before and they didn't come out
that good to be honest in the muffin
tray
maybe it's because this isn't a metal
one and but before that I did try it
with just like a cupcake
train holders and it worked pretty well
so it's totally up to you could use a
muffin tray or you could use just
whatever you kind of make cupcakes in
the Nutella a little bit smaller but
they're actually pretty good I like them
that way as well take a heaped
tablespoon I don't get in my first cup
make sure it's even then we get the nuts
head and rolled take kind of another
heat a teaspoon of that and I plunk it
in the middle that's a big one and then
take another heaped tablespoon and knock
that on top
if you have kids you could even get them
to help you with this it's really really
simple and then I'm just going to keep
doing that on all of them until you just
obviously fill up all your trays
okay so I filled in for my cops and so
now you just put them in the oven at gas
mark 7 for about five minutes and then
turn it down to gas mark 4 and then let
it let them bake for another 13 to 17
minutes after we take them out I'm going
to show you to make how to make the
sugar cinnamon topping okay it's been
the allotted time so it was going to
take them out the other they look really
good they've risen really well you can
see so now just gonna put them on the
cooling rack to cool down for about five
minutes okay so now to make the top in
you're gonna take some butter I ran out
with my soy butter so I'm gonna have to
use crow for unfortunately put that in
the microwave for as long as it takes
for it to melt it and take out again
well that's melting I'm going to take
some sugar again I'm kind of gonna
eyeball it but that much not too much
and also some cinnamon and then just mix
that sugar and cinnamon together firstly
what you're gonna do is just take a
little bit of the butter on a spoon or
whatever I'm just gonna dribble it over
the top of a muffin just to cover it and
then I take some cinnamon sugar and
sprinkle that on top mine's actually got
a bit wet because I think there was
water in the bowl but it should be dry
and I'm just going to carry on with all
of them just doing the same thing
cover that slop with a little bit of
butter and sprinkle your sugar on top
so I finished the topping on all of my
muffins and I picked one out so
hopefully I can show you inside what it
kind of looks like when you bite into it
or break it open because it has like a
melted Nutella Center it's amazing so if
I just join I don't vanilla okay
there hopefully you can see the Nutella
inside and it's really really she's made
the snow yet yeah hmm it's so nice when
it's still warm
Gucci puss stick to a day job he likes
not usually so guys I hope you liked
that bake tutorial let me know how you
like them if you do make them and if
you're a fan of Nutella fan of cinnamon
you're probably like these I hope you do
and thank you for watching let me know
what you want me to make next probably
some kind of more foodie thing next like
a dinner or something thank you for
watching I'll see you in the next one
bye
