hi everyone welcome back to my kitchen
and I want to think of my cute little
name for my kind of food videos and I
can't think if you've got any ideas
leave them down below and I'll have a
look but anyway so another one of my
cooking videos this I'm going to do
banana nut granola and as you know you
can buy granola in stores
obviously like packaged but making it
yourself has so many benefits it's so
much healthier for you it actually lost
quite a lot of time and you can mix it
with so many different things and also
you can customize it to what you like
and put in things you like and leave out
things you don't like except sure you
could use it as like a midnight snack
because it's something quite healthy you
can use it for breakfast you can also
make the big batch of it as big in
beginning of the week and then like use
it throughout the week and take it to
work and school with you and stuff like
that so anyway so what you mean is oh
it's I like to make it with jumbo oats
these are just organic ones from Holland
to ferret the most important thing kind
of is the bananas and it's great to have
all the slips little it's great to have
a really kind of overripe banana because
it's a lot stuff done it's a lot lot
sweeter and you can use two or three to
tell the news too
you'll also need cinnamon nutmeg to
flavour maple syrup or a sweet any
sweetener you want to use I think maple
syrup works really well with oats
especially the recipe says walnut oil
but I don't have that so I'm going to
use my grapeseed oil some sea salt just
you'll just need a pinch of that I like
dried cranberries I'm going to add some
also some flaked almonds only a few of
those the main that I'm going to use as
it's banana nut is our walnuts and you
can also use praying's I called but I
like walnuts so I'm gonna add those and
also another another add-on is cheer
seeds of these okay from Holland and
Barrett and they just look like that and
they're also a really healthy food so
first thing you want to do is pre-heat
your oven to I think is about 400
degrees Fahrenheit
all say about gas mark 5 to make sure
your bananas are kind of soft and
to add into the mixture and mash up
we're going to do first is actually put
them in the oven just put them in the
oven like this on a baking tray or on
the grill and you leave them in the oven
just until the skins start to go quite
brown and then take them out so it takes
about two to five minutes usually when I
let my bananas brown then I take them
out to cool and then I'll carry on with
the rest of the recipe okay I think my
bananas are done yeah they won't look
something like that
bit weird and then you're just going to
remove the bananas on the peel should
come away quite easily and just place it
in your mixing bowl okay then you want
to add your oil so I'm going to use
actually a mix of olive oil and grape
seed oil because I'm not sure I've got
enough it's also a third of a cup of
maple syrup 1 teaspoon of cinnamon
Cultura teaspoon of nutmeg and just a
tiny tiny bit of sea salt so I'll be
looking something like that and now it
doesn't look very appealing I know and
now you're going to mash the banana and
mix everything together a cabinet all
that together so now I'm going to add 3
cups of oats 102 I'm going to mix 2 for
now and then I'm going to add a little
bit more if and when I need to so you
just want to kind of fold that into the
mix it will all mix together really
easily it's such an easy thing to make
like I was so surprised how easy it was
and it tastes so good off I'm going to
add some more it's quite a wet
um vibra in the recipe I'm working from
actually says to use a mixer but I don't
have one and I don't always believe in
them because like my mom you know mom's
never you can use mixes so I'm just
either do it by hand but if you have a
mixer feel free to use that's probably a
lot easier the recipe says half a cup of
chia seeds but another use that many
actually actually use may be quarter of
a cup that's a lot and also I'm going to
add in my nuts so oh my nuts so I'm just
going to kind of eyeball it and I like
to kind of crush them a little bit as I
add them in as well so they're not too
whole in the mixture because we'll not
swap see quite big and I like quite a
lot of nuts in my granola there's going
to add kind of a sprinkle of flaked
almonds the last of my cranberries and
just mix that all together so if your
looking like this at this point it's
going to mix that all together so while
you're making it you want to just keep
mixing and you want to mix until it kind
of starts coming together and forming
clumps like miners and at the moment is
a little Fitz Webster
so I'm going to just add some more dry
oats as I go and mix them in until it
becomes a little bit more sticky
together here's something like this and
it looks pretty much like granola but it
will form together a little bit more
after it's been heated up so now I'm
going to grab my baking tray okay so
here I've just got a baking tray and I
put grease proof paper on it I've also
done it using tin foil as well in the
past it doesn't really matter and then
you have your mixture and we're going to
do is just basically plunk it on they're
all short baking tray and afterwards I
kind of try and separate it out a little
bit so
it all gets a chance to cook you know so
it all gets air to it I'm going to put
this in the oven for 25 to 30 minutes or
until the top of it starts to brown but
also we're going to take it out halfway
through to turn them over so it gets
cooked all the way around I'm going to
put it kind of top to middle of the oven
and I've got my thrown out the oven some
of the tops are quite brown so I'm just
going to turn over the granola as best I
can so the other side gets cooked as
well and then I'm going to pop it back
in the oven so just take it out of the
oven and it's nicely browned on top
adorn it to be too Brown or burn or
anything so yeah I think that's a good
time and now I'm just going to put it
into my job okay so here's my jar of
granola here's my snap I just put
together this may be my pre-work health
snap so here I've just got some and this
is what I have I have this like full
five times a week
I absolutely love this as a breakfast or
as a snack or as a lunch and it's just
Greek yogurt total Greek yogurt and just
some homemade granola and some
strawberries or I also put banana on top
or any fruit you have hanging around and
this is just such a good thing to eat
you know it's so good for you you let
your contact carves you've got your
fruit in there you've got cinnamon which
have which helps to increase your
metabolism a little bit and it's good
oils in there it's all good for you so
just obviously again don't overdo it
don't over eat it don't eat like loads
loads about once but yeah
mm it's started right if people make
this before give it a try it's so easy
thank you so much for watching this
video I'm going to go eat the rest of
this now I hope you're having a good day
and let me know what you thought down
below also let me know what you'd like
to see me Mabel bake or cook connects
thanks for watching bye
