harmful and so this is going to be mine
on beauty and favorites of the month
October favorites and I look it I know I
look exactly the same I've just fill my
beauty favorites so check that out if
you haven't if you want to see what
makeup and stuff like that I've been
liking but this is going to be about
other stuff but start with fashion you
have shown these before I'm not sure
deep boots and they're like the Chloe
boots and they're knock off and thereby
misguided I think they're quite
affordable compared to a lot of the
other Chloe knockoffs like the zara ones
and stuff like that and they always get
attention people are looking at my feet
when I wear these and people ask the
little questions about them and stuff
like that so i really like these boots i
weirdly as well haven't been as much
into accessories and jewellery this
month i don't know why and but something
that i know you guys probably know i
like because i always wear it is this
necklace it's from hno I've you know
like mentioned it so many times but it
looks like this and it's just such a
lovely piece because it sets off an
outfit so much and gives it a pop of
gold use your pipe in like King and has
been the Kanye West good music album I
really love that I've been listening to
that like all month and also i was
watching Shirley's video and recently
and he showed some songs that she'd
really been liking so i went and
listened to them and I've just been
obsessed with resources are Thank You
Shirley if you're watching and yeah so
some examples I wash you up in like King
diamonds by Rihanna and adorned by
Miguel Azealia Banks 1991 and oh I've
been loving Drake and dawn Richard where
where were you that's such a good song
and poetic justice by Kendrick Lamar and
Drake so I'm just reading off my phone
because I've got like they're all in
recently added yeah I think that's all
of the songs and films are film actually
that we got recently and I watched it
for the second time around and I love it
as such it's like one of my favorite
films of the years prometheus I know
most of you probably really seen it its
kind
end of its not officially the prequel to
alien but it's kind of an idea for what
could be the prequels alien and it makes
a lot of sense kind of thing and it's
just such a good film is directed by
ridley scott who directed alien and yeah
I really like sci-fi actually so i'm
quite a fan of it but even if you're not
a fan of sci-fi just watch it because
it's such a good film food and drinks
that I've been like in it's not that
been really really into cooking I think
since I've tried to be a little bit more
healthier and everything I've been
cooking a lot more like cooking my own
food and everything sorry i was in
everything if that makes sense and it's
just a lot healthier and I was actually
I got this book which is just classic
vegetarian recipes I made a few things
in here i made the stuffed peppers and
ah it's just so good it has loads and
loads of good recipes in here and quite
a few of the things aren't just crazy
ingredients that you'd like never find
which is what i hate so many other
cookbooks but this one's quite
achievable in a lot more entity i think
because it's getting a little bit colder
I've been more drinking more tea and
experimenting with more tea I'm very
very picky of tea I don't like it not I
don't like it to taste horrible or not
to taste of anything and I love kind of
spices in like spicy tea not in a hot
spice laid but like cinnamon so I tried
this out I didn't think it would
actually be as good as it is and it's
the yogi tea classic cinnamon spice it's
organic and i love it i really like this
i have this like a cup of it at night
and what yeah and it's just really nice
it actually tasted a bit like chai tea
like oh i also add like a tiny bit of
brown sugar or just a little tiny bit of
honey to it to give it that sweetness as
well but i really recommend this tea
they do loads of different variations of
this as well and like it rich tea and
stuff like that so try out I also like
the just starbucks chai tea and I take
the leaves out of the bag sometimes and
just make chai tea like with more
ingredients myself but yeah this is
quite good
it's really hard to fight now I can't
find another books of it our YouTube
where I've been really really liking and
I've been liking loads of youtubers
again this month like it's really really
hard to choose but so fearless shine I
hope I've said it properly her youtube
name I'll put it down below so you can
check her channel out I'm sure a lot of
you know of her already but she's just
I've been loving watching her she just
comes across so nicely on camera and
just seems like such a lovely person
just the cutest dog ever and she also
talks about a lot of like healthy living
and you know what she eats and and a
good lifestyle and she has such a lovely
style personal style and I just wanted
to say hi if she's watching and I really
really like her channel yes I think
that's it with mine on beauty favorites
i hope you like this video let me know
what your non beauty favorites have been
like your favorite films this month for
music and stuff like that go i always
want to check out new things that i
haven't heard of and so yeah thank you
for watching battery splashing I've
gotta go so yeah i'll see you in my next
video oh if you're wondering my tops
from shali by by my lips are a mix of
Max and dark dark side and rebel and I
have eyelash extensions and just normal
makeup on my face but yeah thank you for
watching I'll see you in my next one
you
