hi everyone welcome to my kitchen so
I've been asked so so much recently to
make some like cooking videos and like
recipe videos and stuff like that and I
really want to do it so today I just
thought I click style for something
really really simple that I said I'd do
quite a while ago and I need to like
stick to my work so it's just a
vinaigrette that I use all the time of
my salads and I always always prepare my
bones in a grout because it doesn't
contain loads of crap in it and loads of
sugars like store-bought ones might and
also just because I was growing up that
way know growing up I could pull up that
way it's quite simple and you use a lot
of quite a lot of stuff that you would
have in your cupboards already you'll
need olive oil and extra virgin olive
oil would be
balsamic vinegar and some honey or some
sugar whatever sweets know you would
like or you can skip out the step if you
want but it gets rid of the acidity a
little bit more black pepper and sea
salt or you can miss out salt the salt
step which I've been doing recently and
it still tastes just as good and got it
a clove of garlic Dijon mustard French
mustard and half a lemon I just got my
little Bowl that I use for my
vinaigrette and you start as a base with
olive oil so I'm gonna add my olive oil
um I kind of eyeball it as to how much I
put in I'd say about a centimetre often
it's just a generous glob of olive oil
basically then I go in with my vinegar
and you can use white vinegar if you
like
I prefer balsamic and I / I'd say about
a tablespoon of vinegar in then I get my
black pepper
I recently smashed the the container to
this so I'm using it in the big thing
but yeah pinch of salt tiny tiny bit of
soaks it's not too good food I put about
a teaspoon of honey in
get up garlic cloves this bit is a bit
fatty daddy and you can just put it in
the crusher but I don't like to just in
case I get some of the skins - no I
don't like the idea of it so I peel it
and then crush that through and also if
you don't like it too garlicky you can
use like half a clove because it is
Aussie very potent and then cut your
lemon in half and squeeze obviously you
don't want to do but I keep my hand
there just to catch any pips but going
if that's the worst thing when you're
trying to enjoy a salad you eat a lemon
picnic just tastes blank then I take my
additional hostas and I take a bow
quarter of a teaspoon 1/2 teaspoon again
it depends how you like here I quite
like mustardy dressings and then just
mix up
so this is kind of what the dressing
will look like afterwards just make sure
you mix it thoroughly because you don't
want any like big chunks of garlic still
in there or bigger chunks of mustard
because that will give you quite a
surprise while you eat him I hope you
liked this video and hopefully you can
try this out and I hope you like it let
me know if you have tried it and what
you think and yet you can always tweak
it obviously if you like it's a very
very healthy way to have your own
dressing on salads the lemon is great
for your skin it like cleanses your skin
and your system also the honey garlic
because brilliant few I think it's also
an ant it's too I wouldn't recommend
using too too much dressing like don't
sort people or salad or anything you're
using it on interesting just because
then you're taking in quite a lot of
it's a good fat but you know it's more a
high percentage of fat and just keep it
quite small just to flavor because I've
done that in the past I've got a bit
carried away it's a point dressing in my
son anyway I hope you enjoyed this video
let me know if you like the vinaigrette
and I'll see my next one also comment
down like what you'd like to see me cook
next
