hi everyone so I thought I'd heed the
advice for my teenage self tag I saw
said it falls do this and I thought it
looked like a like a fun tag to do and
it's like a little bit different so the
first question is 03 makeup / fashion
do's your teenage self I want jeans a
lot more when I was a teenager so that's
probably a do because like jeans never
really go out fashion and I do remember
flares being involved at some point but
I think that's when I was a little bit
younger than a teenager and that's all
right but yeah a makeup thing maybe I
don't remember my makeup being too bad
like being too um out there or looking
bad or not matching me and I think I've
done a pretty good job at like matching
my foundation to my skin and so forth so
probably say yeah like my makeup was ok
what else for my teenage self with he
knows itself another do actually that I
for is um I went to this state's when I
was a teenager and this is what we
didn't have Abercrombie we didn't have
the toyota secret obviously and a lot of
stuff like that so I still like I got my
hands on an abercrombie and fitch hoodie
and some victoria secret stuff and I was
over there I used to wear it because we
cool I think also dudes i still like
well I'm not in love with a becoming now
but like I think that was pretty cool to
have to have it's not a lot of people
had it at the time three makeup /
fashion don'ts for your teenage self
this is a lot more fun and god what are
you doing as a teenager was like I used
to feel I used to really like an item of
clothing cuz I thought it fit fitted me
really well or something and then I'd
like wear it like for ages like the
whole year I used to wear the same
flipping piece of acid I so I used to
wear this like kind of bomber jacket
like a shiny bomber cropped jacket and
had a dragon on the back of it I used to
wear all the time and like I think my
mom needs to be like Sam I think you've
read further away and I was like yeah
there was like a rip in it as well like
at one point and I think that's what my
mum took taught took charge threw it
away I don't like crying
okay another don't Sam when you were you
were on holiday or something I thought
him how much how old I was think I was
like 14 oh dear and I wore this um I
don't know what what was I doing I wore
like pink jeans we're going to get pink
jeans from pink to a pink t-shirt which
was my t-shirts I was used to work used
to wear fitted t-shirts and it wasn't
the most flattering thing and I'm like
oh I wore a pink hat and like pink
accessories I basically was just all in
pink and one of the pink items was pink
leopard print know what Sam no there's a
picture of me as well I don't have it on
me tonight at home but that would have
been hilarious another down for makeup
maybe um taste-wise silver eyeshadow as
I've mentioned it before no no not
silver eyeshadow silver eyeliner and
it's not too bad but I'm like no you
should have just stuck to just black
eyeliner yeah I didn't go too crazy of a
pup but I did to go I did try out some
weird eyeliners a deep a meaningful
piece of advise your teenage self place
like big I'm wasn't a way to put up
other oils pretty good at like my
studies and stuff um I was pretty good
with friends like holes with friends a
lot probably like don't get interested
in guys yet like all so young you know
like having boyfriends and I was like
obsessed with having a boyfriend I
thought it was like you know the thing
I'm like night or about boys um and just
have like more girly sleepovers and
stuff like have more girly really girly
time I don't have a little gay time at
all now and stay focused one tip for
school I don't know if this is like I've
kind of mentioned this before but I
changed schools halfway through I
changed high school half way through
school and um it like really like really
really taught it miss me up like
let go I didn't go psycho but I was so
upset that I had to move and so if I
like at first I actually didn't I was
like reluctant to make like best friends
at my new school cuz i wanted to like
just me friends of my old school people
and I was just so upset by it and I just
didn't want to be in this new place at
all like I soft so i would say let go of
just let go of me having to move and
just make i did make friends but like
just let go of like having to move and
like being upset about that and just get
on with like your new school which is
what i did do after a little while but I
should have I shouldn't have dwelled on
it for so long once it for friends um I
feel they need to be around people that
you know on a good friend to you um I
had really really good friends in like
my old high school and I'm still friends
with some of them now and but in my new
in my new school when i moved i would
hang around with the group of girls they
were like cool group whatever and i
didn't really fit in with them to be
honest like I wasn't on their level and
um when I when it got fair very long in
school I kind of dropped off from their
group and like went into I just hung
around with people that I felt
comfortable around because I just wasn't
like a you know I didn't like chatting
about bitchiness and talking about other
people and um i like to art so I just
like do are on my own and like with
other sort of feel for friends and stuff
so basically don't hang around people
that are worth the time like don't feel
like you have to hang around people
because they're cool or whatever like
just just do what you want one tip for
fun I'm not sure for fun I was praying I
wasn't too like um I was pretty
rebellious what I wanted to be like a
good a goodie I was ever a goody
two-shoes but like I was good what I
need wanted to be uh needed to be and I
was bad I wanted to be I guess so I kind
of had a lot of fun and I just cracked a
lot of jokes in school and stuff and but
for out of school to know I think
had quite a fun time when I was a
teenager I don't think Mills ever yeah
that's quite a fun time I found some
pretty silly things and like you know
like laughed at myself and stuff so yeah
I don't know I actually don't have any
piece of advice I actually had quite a
lot of fun and I didn't read care what
people thought and stuff like that like
had a lot of silly jokes and inside
jokes and stuff like that so that's it
and I hope you like this little tag and
I hope it was kind of interesting um who
do I tag oh I'm gonna tag Tasha ex-green
um yeah I'm not sure homes to tag anyone
can do it their attack you all I hope
you liked this video and I'm gonna go
now and I hope you have a lovely day
