so fun taboos he just came out and I'm
just having a call on line because I
really really want to get some bits I
don't think I'm gonna be in Harvey Oh No
oh my god I've just realized that her
top two teeth are also coming through
she's got her second bottom line coming
through I thought but she's also got the
top two I can't believe it yes I did a
good job without all that teeth growing
this is amazing this like the way you
can outlooks the way you can choose your
shade online a lover look light medium
tan and then I think I'll come and one
of the UH not sure which one I am but
this is amazing I've never ever ever
shopped at a brand that actually shows
all these shades like it usually there's
like one medium one dark and all the
rest of light but this is amazing so I'm
going to pick up some bits and then
hopefully when it comes I can show you
guys or maybe I do a tutorial because
some of my it's funny because like a lot
of my most popular many cockadooters
have been recovering like this
foundation have been like Rihanna
tutorials so that'll be quite cool
you've got the Kim brick look in one
eyelash what's the camera hello it's
Saturday and I never know how to start
these vlogs are already awkward
something but yeah I've just got ready
oh it's so nice to have a minutes
actually get ready cuz like so many
times I'm in such a rush in the morning
and then I just like swipe swipe on some
foundation quickly and just run out the
house so I actually had a minute to get
ready today I used NARS sheer glow I
haven't used it for so long I think I've
been I've been using like a lot of them
kind of matte finish foundations for
quite a few months so it's quite nice to
like go back so it used to be my
absolute favorite foundation yeah like
it feel like it's given me this like
lovely glow kind of a chill day mostly
and I think I might be going to the park
with a new friend he's called Casey and
she does lashes as well yes I went with
her into the park she's got a little
girl this evening is my mum's birthday
dinner
so yeah I'll be going to that later I
just had to throw my basil plant away
because it was growing like a lot of the
leaves with the planchette for a lot of
the news were going all Brown and then
attach the soil when there was loads of
mould in the top and I know you can kind
of save them from mold but it just look
like the whole plant was dying let me
know if you know why plants get mold on
them because that's really weird
I was always well I mean I tried not to
overwater it today weird I'm gonna try
and make myself some breakfast feeling
quite kind of peppy today that's good so
if you guys can see my outfit but my
tops from brandy melville and these are
like my mum jeans I mean they're not
actual mum jeans I just mumming them a
lot but they're my a sauce Farley jeans
I love them they're so comfortable but
yeah and then my missamma s pendant also
we started The Handmaid's Tale last
night and I know were a bit late we
watched two episodes and I loved it like
so far it's so interesting I love the
whole idea behind it and now I wish I
read
Margaret Atwood's book I wish I read
that I didn't know I just have no idea
about it so because I love reading books
and then watching like the adaptions of
them but like now I just really want to
watch it so I don't like it'll take me
ages to read it I just want to watch it
so I'm reading Oryx and Crake is it
Krane
but it's the Oryx and Crake I've only
just downloaded it last night so and
because that's being adapted on into a
TV show as well by Darren or frisky who
is it I feel like I'm saying everything
wrong but you know who are me and I
think he directed Black Swan and requiem
for a dream and they're amazing films so
I bet that's gonna be amazing so I'm I
really want to read the series before
the series comes out I haven't read a
good novel for ages so I hope I like it
it's supposed to be really
let me know if you've watched The
Handmaid's tell them what you think like
it's very haunting and yeah I'm sorry
glad that we're watching something new
but like I'm really into and it's very
it's even more haunting to watch when
you've got a baby especially a baby girl
like there's a bit in the first episode
that I'm like oh my god can you imagine
if that happened in when she's in the
hospital it's right up my alley okay
this is what it's in my basket for Fenty
beautyrx I'm gonna get the long-wear
foundation and then this looks like at
the glass bomb Universal it Luminizer
I'm getting a matchstick trio a blotting
powder and then this that's amazing so I
really want to get this and I think I'm
gonna do like a try on like a trial
video like a chassis Tryon fenty Beauty
video so that'll be good I'm not the
best best person ever at makeup and
they're not I don't know you got how you
guys feel about my makeup tutorials
anymore when I feel really feel like
doing it when I get really like a big
push to want to do a beauty video
I love making them so I think I'm gonna
really enjoy doing this and I'm just
really intrigued and I'm so happy about
what she's done with this makeup line as
well like just catering for so many
different skin tones but yeah it makes
like mixed girls it's like like well any
girl of color but you know like I don't
know growing up there was never was
never the right skin like there was
never the right color for me and it's
I'm sure like thousands of black girls
as well and Asian girls and like
everyone but basically if you're not
white you kind of had a struggle with
makeup so yeah it should be good just
cooking some broccoli for ends so that I
can kind of give it stress snacks or
music with a recipe and need to make
some breakfast oh my god also this just
arrived from Tom Ford and oh my gosh
it's like Christmas Day this is the Tom
called private blend candle collection
and I've got amber absolute and thank
you so much to Tom Ford
because
I just love them so much and this smells
divine I've also got lots of the
Bourjois Rouge velvet lipsticks as well
I tried one last night and it lasted for
age
yeah it just didn't come off so I'm yeah
I'm gonna try out different colors see
how I get on with them so we've come out
for a bit of food and it's just arrived
I've got some chicken peas
teto and India seems to be in a lot of
pain this is a bit of a jump forward but
who just went to the gym and I feel so
much better because having a bit of a
low moment and I don't know I just feel
I just was feeling really kind of
anxious and just really like pent up and
I kind of been putting off my first trip
back to the gym I don't know what it is
but casual chocolate this is more for me
mentally and I'm coming on so you know
what it's like but I went to the gym
more for me mentally than like to lose
weight yeah for some reason when I
haven't been for a really long really
long time I kind of I know I need to go
like mentally I'm also but I just keep
putting it off and putting it off it's
really weird
but yeah I'm really glad that I finally
went I just I like there's a quote I
always remember to do with the gym and
it's the first step is always the
hardest and I'm definitely like that for
the gym because now I'm like I wanna go
tomorrow and like I'm really just like
ready to go cuz I've kind of broken the
seal so I'm gonna go back home now and
then later I've got this family meal and
the next person step back is getting
back into yoga because that helps me so
much mentally as well so yeah got myself
a nice coffee as well
so this is my outfit of the night this
dress is from Zara and I love it I've
worn it so many times like in different
ways but yeah so offensive dancer and my
shoes are the Gani ones that I got for
my birthday
look they have a little bow at the back
I'll link them down below and maybe like
similar dress history as dresses still
available huh just about to leave
danny's there early because she got that
like she thought everyone was meeting a
bit earlier so I'm going to leave so
she's not on her own for too long and so
hungry so excited let's go
hey guys I haven't given you a bit of an
update in a while last night Oh
yesterday was so manic and then we it
was a nice dinner in the in the night
time that was really nice steal my
family and to look into your psyche who
are you talking to yeah and it was a
nice like early birthday thing for my
mom cause she's actually going to Venice
for her birthday with my steps so
Aliona noise today and let's head out to
go meet Chevy you guys know Jenni and
yeah because we were gonna have a bit of
a catch-up and I bring it Indy with me
and then later Jason and I are gonna go
to the cinema so oh my god I can't wait
it's my favorite thing today um oh I
just wanted to address something quickly
as well because I saw some comments in
my last vlog on the whole gender gender
roles gender stereotyping things firstly
I just wanted to say that when like
mostly most of the time I think when our
youtuber usually mention something
mentioned something kind of like that
they're not usually trying to say that
they're that poster child for that issue
that problem is just that they're
addressing it and just like I I yes I'm
aware of gender roles and gender
stereotypes but I'm not saying I'm the
poster child for like the perfect person
or monk I'm only eight months into being
a mother and and yes no I'm not jumping
on a band bandwagon of it because I grew
up with a with her mother who really
kind of made it apparent that there were
gender roles she honestly she used to
say it at least like I don't know every
other week she would kind of remind us
that like on adverts and things she'd be
like oh why is the boy have a blue this
and like why do the boys have caught
like play with cars and stuff like that
so it's always been very clear to me
that that you know just about the whole
thing so no I'm not jumping on a
bandwagon
it's just it's great that this is all
it's more all right no it's more in the
forefront of everyone's minds at the
moment and I think it's great and yes
yes some of you are right I would like
addressed it and then I bought in hate
pink clothes but the thing is I don't
for one just thick indie should be
wearing pink it doesn't mean just cause
I wear have some pink clothes I'm always
going to dress her in pink and it
doesn't mean that I'm not ever buying
blue clothes for her I happily put her
in blue as well yeah a lot of the
clothes that I like can I go shopping
are pink for her but for me the most
important thing is being aware of it and
being aware of it for her in the future
and making sure too that she rose up
with an open mind knowing that I can you
know that she can play with cars and
dinosaurs and things like that I'm never
gonna say no to her things like that so
you have to open your mind a bit just
like why I think pink things somehow
doesn't mean that I'm a hypocrite I'm
not like gonna go fully like oh she's
gonna wear blue now like just to go
against everything you know like she's
gonna have a mix I thought I'm gonna go
and meet Jenny but I just wanted to like
have a little talk about it okay I don't
know obviously with anything slightly
political or like socio-political
you excited to go meet Jenny yeah
just jumping in because I just finished
editing this vlog but I just realized I
didn't finish it properly so that I
ended a bit abruptly oh we went to the
American made it was good it was funny
soon I really want to go and see mother
that's the next thing I really want to
see anyway I'm going to finish editing
this vlog upload it and then I'm off to
go and watch The Handmaid's Tale thank
you guys for watching bye
