hi everyone so today I thought I talk
about the 30 Day Shred workout DVD that
I've been doing and I know that the 30
Day Shred is cut I don't even know when
it started like when I was you know like
really still made but I feel like I just
heard like quite a bit of buzz about it
I just noticed other people doing the 30
Day Shred and like so I went and
researched it to see what it was so I
went and bought this DVD and okay sorry
I'm really bad at like doing a kind of
review but it's by Jillian Michaels who
is she's like a really famous trainer
and she's on The Biggest Loser I think
it like airs in America and she's just
like kick-ass and just like too so
motivating this is the Jillian Michaels
30 day shred lose up to 20 pounds in 30
days um and that's what it's like on the
back but right I bought this and then I
put it into my like my DVD player a few
times and I was like oh this is long I
went see if it was on YouTube and like
the whole workout is on YouTube so you
don't have to buy it 30 shreds on
youtube if you want to do it like for
free which is I ended up just what doing
it on YouTube like the whole time but
anyways so what it is is you do it
obviously for 30 days if you want you
can let's do it like six days a week or
sober I just went for it I was like no
I'm gonna do it every single day I like
I just discipline myself I was like I'm
not even gonna if my muscles really
really needed a day off I would
obviously let of let them but I was fine
I didn't have any injuries or anything
my muscles felt fine like they recovered
really well it consists of free levels
it has level 1 2 & 3
so you do level 1 for 10 days level 2
for 10 days level 3 for 10 days or you
kind of like move up when you feel like
you want to move up but I just done it
like how it was set out already level 1
and and what it is is please excuse me
I'm really bad explaining things but
what it is is it's a mix of it's like
high intensity what's it called it's
like called a chai tea something but
it's in interval training system so it
combines wait
training with cardio and with then you
do like an AB and AB workout also it so
it's just like like kind of like circuit
training it's mixing in your cardio with
your weights first few days kick my ass
I was like oh bloody up but after a
while like so level one um I'll see at
the beginning I was really out of shape
I was just like I was not ready for it
but I made myself do it and I found
level one hard for like about three days
or so and then my body your body gets
used to it so quickly and it like adapts
and you know halfway through level one I
was already like it got easier um and by
the end so yeah by the end of level one
you're just like a pro at it and you're
like yeah you're ready for the rest of
it and everything and for me results I
didn't see like in the first few days
you know it's gonna take a little while
for results to show but I did notice by
the end of level one that I had a lot
more my muscles felt and looked a lot
more toned already and I felt a lot
fitter like you could keep up the cardio
and keep up the weight training a lot
better like by the end of level one I
didn't see major weight loss or anything
but I did feel a little bit more toned
and so on till level to bloody are so
level two I felt well it was a lot
harder than I think it's a lot harder
than level one and it makes you work up
a sweat like level two is sweat level
halfway through level two I still was
kind of I had to do some of the more was
the word you know when you make some of
the moves a little bit easier but they
still work you and but I really had to
make myself like do it them they're hard
away when it got two more of the end of
level two sounds like no sound just do
it like try and do it because some of it
is really hard to do but you know I just
kept with it and kept it going and yeah
so by the end of level two or middle to
end of level twos where I did start you
know seeing a little bit more of a
difference in my body and definitely
feeling a lot more stronger and like the
push-up moves and stuff like that I
a lot better and when I like never done
four shots before ever and like now I
can do them really well or a lot better
so then by level three
I think level freeze when you really
start noticing the differences in your
body and I felt a lot more toned up in a
lot fitter I personally think level
freeze are not a very very different to
level two where I didn't like sweat as
much in level three um and it's not that
the moods one is hard because they are
kind of as hard but it's I feel like
there's a lot more of the core exercises
at level three and it works on you I
think it works on your muscles a bit
more than like your cardio and like in
level three more so the cardio
incorporates more like it's like cardio
and muscle work at the same time so for
me like that was quite fun um yeah so
bi-level free what else um level free
like whizzed by really quickly actually
like before I knew I was at the end I
was like oh um but by the end of level
free also I was a little bit like
because you know it's like the shreds
and everything and you see some people
success stories like that down to like
they shed loads and loads of weight by
the end which obviously you're always
thinking my oh I've really want to do
that and I did like I wasn't even aware
of how much I'd lost because I weighed
myself after but by the end of level
free to really really be honest I was
like I wish I like had to shed a little
bit more um but I guess what you put in
is what you get out of it and but I put
everything into it so I I never like
slacked off and I never I could never
say oh I didn't give it my all because I
did but yeah I was really I am really
really happy with the results um and
yeah you know some days it's hard some
days it's hard because you're like oh
you just want to relax and it especially
working out at home which I usually find
quite hard because of the motivation at
home but it actually did keep me
motivated because you are in a plan for
30 days I'm like you know you count down
the days and you're like come on like
you're close or keep it up and you just
know that it's going to make a
difference so that's just what kept me
going with it I loved her
destruction I loved her the way she put
the program together and I just love her
like when you're working out she keeps
you motivated as well and yeah I don't
know what else to say this going quite a
lot to say about it
but I do recommend it and yeah what
should I talk about next um yeah it's
just it's made me I'm not happier after
doing it and and about a month ago I
just felt horrible like in myself in my
body and I joined the gym at that point
about a month ago as well also while I
was doing the Shred I did go to the gym
I tried to at least three times a week
go to the gym also so it is a little bit
of the gym also for eating and if you're
going to do the Shred don't like eat
pizza every day like the whole you know
the whole way through because eating I
think eating supposed to be like 80% of
you know how you are and then the other
percentage is kind of your exercise so
if you're going to do something like the
30 Day Shred
I really recommend having a healthy
balanced diet like you don't to cut out
loads and loads of stuff just be smart
with what you eat
obviously I changed my diet - like just
clean eating and I make a lot of food
myself like I make a lot of my own
dishes now and I just cut out all crap
button she has a diet plan which I
didn't even like I didn't know even know
where to find it maybe it's maybe it's
on the DVD but um I just kind of went
with my own common sense for the eating
plan and I didn't starve myself and cut
out all bad crap basically oh all you
need for it is you need well you don't
have to have a mat if you're working out
on carpet I think you can just work out
on carpet but I worked out on an
exercise mat which I just got from Argos
and then you need dumbbells which I got
like the Jennifer and no Jessica and is
set from Argos which will about 20 quid
so apart from that and
to show you what else is there anything
else I can say but I just I really do
recommend it if you're in a in a rock
like me and you really want it like kick
start out of being unhealthy or like not
exercising as much I really recommend it
it was a really good way to kind of get
kick myself back to being in shape and
just get my health up I just feel so
much more healthy and she also has the
ripped in 30 which is the along the same
lines but it's like another you know
it's kind of the next step on if you
want to do it so I might do ripped in 30
which I'll keep you guys posted because
yeah I think I'm going to do that as
well so I took some photos before or
when I just started and some photos at
the middle and I'm need to go and take
some photos at the end as well so I can
show you guys my progress progress and
they're quite embarrassing but it's just
like whatever like you know not
everyone's always in the shape I was not
in shape at all like I don't think I
even realized how out of shape I was
it's not good after doing the um 30 Day
Shred I dropped a stone I'm so happy
I dropped a stone like dynix peck to
lose that much and obviously it's down
to eating as well and I was going to the
gym also but just like you know cutting
out crap and looking after a body it
just makes such a difference and that's
in a really really short amount of time
a month so I hope I'm going to keep it
off the door no yo-yo err yeah I'm still
on my journey I'm still going but I just
wanted to give you a like a little
roundup of the 30 Day Shred I really
recommend it Thank You Jillian if you
guys have any questions about 30 Day
Shred please leave them down below try
to cover everything I can but you know
me I'm a little bit like sorry
I might forgotten something yeah so I'm
going to show you guys some before
during and after shots of the 30 Day
Shred
and don't forget to say the workouts of
20 minutes the workouts only 20 minutes
long each day so it's only 20 minutes
out of your day you know so it's not a
lot at all it's really easy to squeeze
in it falls busy that they'll do it
really early in the morning or do it
really late at night
you know if you guys want to see more
like fitness fitness routine videos or
like my diet or motivation tips or
anything if you guys want anything to do
with like health and fitness let me know
what you want to see see you guys in
another video I hope you have a nice day
bye
Oh
