everyone I thought I'd do pick outfit of
the day and I'm kind of out in the
streets a bit like what hoping no one
just kind of turns up it's not so soon
to be have done I'm gonna have to see
you an event this evening I think so I'm
wearing this really old like batwing
white top from Topshop and I'm wearing
my black maxi skirt it's good dress from
ASOS
my back is from misguided my love is so
addictive love it
it's just it fits so much stuff and I
lost my color because it just brightens
up an outfit a little bit because I wear
a lot I'm wearing my HOH collection
columns but it's cooled now the exact
name of it but I'll link it down below
and my bracelet is from style Suzie shop
shop Suzie I think my sunglasses are hm
so I just give the oh and my shoes are
from Topshop they're just the older
necklace I hope you liked this book half
of the day
