Harlen so I'm I just on my September
like beauty and skincare favorites and
then I thought I'd I thought I'd also do
a non Beauty favorites because I love
talking about other things I've been
liking and you know just other things in
life and also kind of fashion II bits
and bobs let me know if you like this
idea of doing this on my vlog Channel or
next month I might do it all on my main
channel I don't know but I start with
fashion and clothes a clothing item or
two that I've been liking and so the
first thing it's something that I picked
up in forever 21 when I went recently
and it's my faux fur I love this and I
kind of how much it was I think it was
it was it was around 20 pounds to kind
of 25 pounds something like that it's
just such a cool piece to add to any
kind of one or any up like so quite a
few outfits to jazz it up a bit
another thing that I've been liking and
I'm obsessed with I didn't even get it
that long ago but I'm just obsessed of
it I've been wearing it since I got it
and it's this bag and it looks like this
is really big and the handles have this
kind of design thing on it and it has a
little handle as well if you want to
wear it with your shoulder and I know
what you're thinking this looks like the
Zara one it's from misguided mythgard it
has some amazing pieces I never used to
go in there as much I'm not a big online
shopper in general but recently but they
have a lot of really cool items so
anyway this is from man it's a I think
it's 25 pounds from right if not I'll
correct myself it has up quite a few
compartments and pockets and stuff and
it feels really good quality anyway so
I'll stop talking about it now but it's
just a really really nice bag I'm so
happy that I have it because I just
obsessed or what sets with big bags and
carrying loads around with me which I
probably should've next is jewellery and
I kind of mentioned my jewelry one in my
main video but I've been really into
gold's recently and so especially this
necklace which is from H&M and I've just
been really into my chunky gold I've
been loving my HOH collection cuff
necklace as well
this bracelet from style Suzy's shop
which are a link down below if you want
to check it out and yeah just gold
music-wise
the main thing right now is Kanye West
and here's this album basically if you
haven't heard mercy which you probably
heard why not is amazing if you haven't
heard click listen to it now I think it
down below I know most of you probably
have but there's just so many good songs
on it and like jay-z's verse in orbiting
in click is so good I really love I've
always loved Kanye West I don't even
care everyone anyone says I've always
been a fan of him and yeah what else
I've gone back to a bit of Santigold's I
don't know if any of you have heard of
that music but I love her
we'll find a way the remix one and my
Superman I think it's called I really
like I'll link these songs down below so
you can check them out and film Weiss
and you know you guys know like I'm
really into films love films and all
that and there's been some amazing films
at the cinema recently some of the best
ones that I've seen I think mainly in
September has definitely been lawless
it's it's I don't know how to explain it
you can also you gotta like watch the
trailer but it's like it's kind of based
on a true story or like true people it's
back it is set in Virginia I don't even
know what day it's not gonna lie but
it's in the kind of cowboy days and it's
to do with the what's the word basically
when alcohol was prohibited and it was
illegal and so they'd produced their own
alcohol and it was all like corrupt and
you know there was law it was lawless
basically Tom Hardy you know my feelings
about Tom Hardy I think he's such an
amazing actor as well he's amazing in
that film and it's just a really really
good film I really recommend it and I
love the women in it I forgotten her
name but like the lead actress in it I
love her she does some amazing hills as
well and secondly looper sort looper
yesterday I love Jason gordon-levitt I
loved all of his films that he's so hot
Bruce Willis is always obviously a
classic and yeah it was a really really
good film
I preferred lawless to looper but
they're both amazing films and there's
that he
we show wise oh I've actually started
watching Game of Thrones other stuff on
the telly I don't even watch a lot of
telling
YouTube and daily vlogs all which leads
me onto I might as well going to the
next one now favorite youtuber youtuber
really really weird be this month I feel
like I've been watching more the daily
vloggers that I have of like the beauty
videos and I've been absolutely loving
its Judy's life I know all of you
probably know its duty time on YouTube
and it's her flock every daily vlog
Channel and her and her husband Benji
and it's a Dave looks I love it so much
I love seeing like the American
lifestyle in a way and you know it's
just a bit different to here in the UK
and I just find it so interesting and
she's just so lovely and I'm not
uplifting and they're just really cute
together to watch and and also of course
left floof TV and the secona Jolie's
they have their baby Amelia and she's so
precious it's it's so so amazing to
watch because I thought I watched Anna
from the style diet like when I started
doing YouTube and she was one of the
youtubes that I looked up to and I was
like I want to do that and it's so crazy
it's like you know what Sharon Jonathan
and their life and to what it's come to
with you know having a baby and getting
married so it's just so cool I don't hi
- Anna when Jonathan and also - Judy and
Benji
and lastly favorite food products
products favourite food that I've been
like in I can't even tell you guys all
the food I'm like a food fanatic like I
just love food but I just bought a few
things from the kitchen that I just
thought I'd talk about been drinking
loads of water so I fill this up like
you know a few times hopefully a day and
get through it and yeah this is this
balls from Victoria's Secret is like
each happy because of the Prince but I
just I really wanted a ball from there
because they're really large and just
cool the next food item that I love and
this is an all-time favorite of mine I
love soups and but I'm quite picky and I
don't like them to have cream in and a
lot
sugar and stuff like that so I always
look at all the ingredients that they
use and I love the spicy lentil soup
from Marks and Spencers it's not too
spicy or anything it's not really hot
but lentils are so good for you and just
tomatoes are really good for you
obviously and I really like this I don't
think there's a lot of crap in it at all
it's pretty healthy and it's quite low
in calories and I love this I really
like it I wanna make my own as well a
definite kind of new favorite in my food
life food life quinoa and I love this I
love it as a substitute to like rice and
pasta and you know the more starchy
carbs it's has a it contains a lot of
protein and it's just good for you I
don't know everything that's in it but
um quinoa don't know what else to say
but I I love it warm I love it in my
salads I love it any way in any hair
avocados avocados are my life I love
avocados so much they are a very very
healthy natural fat I love them that's
about it that's it for my non beauty
favorites I hope you like this video
sorry I really have been really bad with
my vlog channel recently I'm gonna try
upload more I know everyone always says
that but I'll try and yeah thank you for
watching and I'll see you in my next
video bye
