hi everyone so this is going to be an
outfit of the day again I'm sorry if I'm
boring you if my outfits of the day let
me know if you wanna do if you want me
to do any tags the only thing I think
not doing the dream tag so let me know
but I don't have a lot of time right now
my mom's actually on her way over and
it'll be nice to spend some time with
her and stuff so but before she comes I
thought I quickly like film so I can get
a video up you know and so I'm just
going to show you my outfit so this is
what I'm wearing today I know you can
see my feel so I like to turn tilt it
down in a second
but so maybe this hat from its
fun-filled retro near Carnaby Street in
London I'm wearing this shirt which I
just it it's such a staple shirt it's
just from H&M I think my shorts are
bloody I'll come over there even from
Urban Outfitters or like most vintage
shops and my fell I think it's beyond
tractor or rocket I don't know I've
always forget and I think I've lost like
one of my favorite belts it was one with
the silver buckle that got a New York
but and then my bag is just want to
write quite a lot at the moment this I
can if I'm what boutique as well sorry
about all the same places but yeah and
yeah it's like I won't finish Chanel
brooch and actually so kind of try and
knock it off because I just love it I
think if it's really like vintage II and
Chanel s but it's obviously not help but
how could that be s be like yeah no I
wouldn't like that no oh my I took all
my lips I've got Nick subpar low lip
cream all my nails is a very very
chipped Maybelline cirrhotic blue and
then my rings are the ones from regal
Rose I've shown before thumb ring is
from Topshop and then I'll just tilt the
camera down so you can see my feet my
shoes are converts because
I've been free everywhere conversely
recently I I do not hopefully as calm as
this summer and they're just like so
simple and easy to wear they like toned
down and outfit make it casual so
they're just normal black converse yeah
that's about it I think I hope you liked
this video and yeah today I'm sorting my
hair out change out my hair and stuff
hopefully I hope it goes well so I might
look a bit different next time you see
me as I want to go a bit darker with my
hair so I'm just I'm really bored of the
color now and it's like the tone and
color is you know just I don't know I
want to go a little bit darker and a
little bit more natural so I hope that
goes down well and I really likes really
likes like light blonde hair but on me
but you know sometimes you've got to
have a change and also it's going into
autumn soon so that will kind of match
the weather hopefully so I hope you're
having a nice day bye
and so this is my second outfit of my
this video for the Sammy's doll thing
Yugi and I just got back from town so I
thought I would quickly film it because
I just put together a full ellipse
alright and also some people might be
video the shore house of style dungarees
because they little bit of movie at
peace but I really like them I think
I've fun to style up so this is what I'm
wearing and I can't see my feet but I'll
tell you down a second
so the the dungarees I think in the u.s.
they put it overalls but here we call
them country's is from Yaya and which I
featured in one of my videos not long
ago and then my shirt is there just the
black sheer shirt from American Apparel
which is really crazy because we don't
have an I hadn't touched me my necklace
is from Topshop ages ago like it was
kind of my winter necklace I wore a lot
and nails are I think it's China Glaze
High Roller
just to read I don't know I'm not mad
about I think I change it tonight rings
are from regal race and Topshop
my bag is again just the Chanel loop
kind of acolyte from pop boutique I
really like the detail on the back of
the dungarees there also the fragrance
offering today is Stella Stella and I
actually wanted to wear something a
little bit more kind of that goes with
that outfit but it's so hot today that I
have no shoes that was suitable so yeah
hope you liked this video and thanks for
watching
