hi felan I hope you're all well so I
haven't done a semi stuff for a while
because I'm kind of been stalking a rock
to be honest and i will just wasn't like
wearing anything that I felt was decent
enough to show in a way and yeah I don't
know I just I've been like really not in
a kind of fashion frame of mind if that
makes any sense but today today's video
is going to be like kind of less than
going out and outfits I'm not really
doing too much today well it's kind of
like I was looking through my clothes
everything because I recently went back
home I picked out some things to bring
to the place so I had more clothes here
and in doing so I found some more
clothes of mine that like I forgot about
and that I liked anyway so I'm going to
do a blog post on this look so check my
blog out for the post of this but i
thought i'd also show it in a video so I
hope you like it so obviously look looks
quite dressy because of the shoes but
i'm going to show you after how you can
dress it down because it is quite a
simple look and recently I've just been
feeling really simple I haven't really
been going overboard with my start or
anything so and I think also because
it's been really hot and muggy if you
came free with weapons ride wrestle so
my jumper kind of like double top is
from Topshop this guide like they're
kind of both rediscovered pieces
skirt was from a topshop sale ages ago
and the shoes are from all hm which I've
got the other month and yeah my bag is
from it's a Chanel for like from oh ok
pop boutique I think vintage shop so
that's it really and I want to wear
jacket or anything because it's really
warm in the UK at the moment and then my
rings like I'm actually really excited
to show you guys I don't have to share
them with everyone I recently got these
these three small rings we should
probably see on my main channel soon as
well from regal rose and I fought
they're really cool and like kind of
more subtle than piling on re big rings
and then this moonstone ring which I
really like is from shop Dixie and it
has that kind of really subtle
iridescent blue to it but you probably
can't see it in the camera and then my
thumb rings from Topshop which came in a
packet and my nail varnish is a new env
nail varnish which is one of their law
ice cream ones i've cut them what it's
called now but i put in the downbar on
my lips i'm wearing max kind of sexy on
my cheeks i'm wearing giorgio armani
like a cream liquid blusher and then no
liner today just mascara and yeah that's
about it I waved my hair with my
straighteners which I've been doing the
last few days because it's just really
quick and easy to do in a quite bother
to comb my hair recently and so now i'm
going to quickly show you the look with
sandals so it's a way you could wear
this out something or an outfit like
this more casually one second i'm not
sure so yeah my son's just really plain
ones from topix watching and I'll try
and get more sunny stars up soon and I'm
really sorry for those of you who
probably confused cuz I said I'd do it a
lot more than I am but I'm going to I'll
try my hardest so yeah thank you for
watching bye
