hi everyone and so anyways film stay on
my vlog channel well in general but I
just didn't get around to it on my main
channel so I thought I'd do I always
start by explaining why I'm filming for
my vlog so I shouldn't matter okay so
basically I was thinking what to do as
usual and I recently got to but to
beauty boxes I've got the Jolie books
and the and the glossy books and so
there I'm guessing most of you pre know
what like the beauty books thing is all
about
and for many more check out my blog
because I have like I have featured them
quite a few times of my blog I've got
here a gauzy books daily books as a lot
to do first I do a glossy box first it's
really hot okay I know this is all my
books tell us our cut babble it's so hot
today it's like I think it's much to be
like 30 degrees don't laugh some of you
that's all it's really hot but the thing
is in the UK it's like a really humid or
hey you know there's no wind so it's
just really stuffy and I dread the
nights when it's hawks it's just like
well yeah
bloody books we've something come with
like this have this card thingy or in
the phone in it that shows you what you
get inside yeah so I'm just going to
show you my god this is just kind of
gonna kind of be a first impressions
thing so I haven't tried out these
things that much yeah more of a small
sample thing is and I've always wanted
to try this atom skin balancing skincare
for combination skin it's this thing
magic and then it has like three
different yeah so skin balancing cones
are Oh didn't realize that
optimizing skin serve and skin balancing
Lotion SPF 15 so that's actually really
happy I've always wanted to try the
Elizabeth the Elizabeth Arden 8 hour
cream sort of I got oh and then also
I've got a proper sample of the skin
palette
skin balance contour skin balancing
lotion which comes in a little thingy
like this oh sorry I've got hay fevers
like it's sniffing all day excited to
try that and then I also got this
clinal oh sorry Haiti books color
shampoo looks a bit random but and I'm
not really interested in a hair care
that much
yeah weave hair wasn't no because I do
like trying new stuff but I'm not I
don't get as excited about the hair
things as I do as makeup or skincare
okay then I've got a jelly pump on Irish
cream has lower lip frosting which looks
like that
I tried this actually as soon as I
opened it it's this like reddish color
yeah I'll clean up after it smells
really really sweet and oh okay I
dropped everything my feet I also got
which I really likes there
it's a ma new spa face and body bronzer
I really like they had a they gave him
money product before and one of their
boxes lots of body moisturiser and I
really liked it so I hope this is nice
as well
and it's just really yellow so I'm not
sure how that bronze is but I'll try it
out the best thing in this box cuz I I
don't know I usually find this like I'm
not the stuffs like okay but then
there's usually one or two things that
you you're like oh you know something
that's more exciting in the office so
for me and this is okay this is really
weird cuz I've had I had two HD brows
kit before but I didn't like it at all
and the colors just weren't right for me
it was too dark I just I'd never use it
but this one is in its it foxy yeah and
it's I think it's like the lightest
shade of the kit up so it has in there
the colors nude carpet where I'll show
you and talk it has the colors need
carbon warm brown and dark brown and
it's like that and I used it once you as
you can see and I liked it so hopefully
that's gonna be a new like eyebrow
favorit or something that I use so yeah
I really like the little kit pretty
handy gonna move on to show you books
tawny books they they're things come in
this like bag comes in a black box and
then
they're things they come in this bag you
caught me see if it's like a drawstring
bag which is different to
glossybox in that way they also have
joni mark whoops I really like I really
like this like feature to the boss
because I know I've I've always been
interested in magazines I obviously love
made in magazines and at uni like my
final project or smile I made my own
magazine and I just think it's I like
that so it has this lovely lady on the
front and it just I really like it
because it's so focused on makeup and
it's not full of like ads and you know
just stuff that you don't care about
it's just like and I love also that it's
products that you actually see in shops
because you know what is if you're
flicking through Vogue I feel like as it
oh it's just so if there was an action
for it I'd be like yeah you know I mean
so these put up some more like you'd
actually see them in stores and be able
to get your hands on but just it's a
really nice little magazine anyway I'm
stop I need to talk about the magazine
but in the books I got these goodies I
think I might kind of obviously targeted
towards the summer because it is they're
like July books it's the first thing
first thing that I actually really like
in this books is this salicylic acid
spot treatment stuff so the book looks
like that sorry
also looks like that and I've tried this
like once or twice sign acidic acid so
that's the product that they use in
quite a few like Atkin II kind of put up
some products that I don't really make
it products at home yeah give it a
sports and stuff like that and this is
just that I think I think is um it
doesn't have much of a smell to it it
doesn't like sting of sports or anything
when you put it on it's just they're
just I don't know like I didn't it
wasn't like a magic product it didn't
work straightaway because I've tried
this once or twice but mainly like after
a few times it might make them disappear
yeah but I just thought I could put up
to put it now I love like spot treatment
stuff also these two nail varnishes from
nail girls London which all right kay I
don't usually wear kind of metallics too
much on my hands but they're nice colors
for summer I can see whatever the room
it's like a bronze and a gold thank you
oh this is really cute also Jolie box
like you know you're painting your
toenails separate they're separators so
I thought that I've been ask you then I
got this Jane Iredale tomte Xia it's a
bit vague like it just comes like this I
I guess it just gives you like an
instant tan it comes out think quite
dark huh okay it comes out like that as
you can see shall I try and show you
yeah
I think it just gives you a little bit
of it instant tan but there's not a lot
in there like that one at last very long
if you wanted to do your whole body I
think I would just do like your legs but
I might be wrong and then I got this
when sweet almond mint content in
conditioner this sounds really nice
because I love the scent almonds and
mints and like stuff like that it's just
that I don't get as I said I don't get
that excited about hair products but it
might just be an amazing product cuz I
love nice own stuff and I think I like
the smell of this I haven't opened it
yet but that looks quite quite an
interesting product as well as I cook
clothes then the last thing in the show
ebooks is this my own feature this where
I showed this on my blog recently as the
Institute's s the derm bronze repair
anti-wrinkle tanning cream normal to
strong Sun so it looks like this and it
says like basically use like suntan
lotion for your face and neck so I put
this on like today and yesterday before
I've been gone in the Sun until you wipe
my tinted moisturizer and don't know I
maybe it helps I don't I don't really
know it's too much of a difference only
also like I'm actually tan but like the
sunlight is washing me out so I'm gonna
repay and I've got it cuz like I
actually got a tan today I got really
really excited today in yesterday so I
hope you like to show you that in
another video more but you know you get
really like proud that you
anyway so yeah it's quite a nice product
it's quite lightweight I wouldn't buy it
in full-size really but it's a nice like
thing to try out especially for the face
because I don't I don't know I haven't
seen too many like face tanning products
so yeah is both the books is the kind of
versus orthey but I like them but I
don't like to kind of versed them
because I think they're both really good
books is glossy box and there's really
books out of these two that I've got
this month favourite is probably the
glossy box my favourite product from
Israeli books probably would be the
Sportster put up from the glossy books
probably the HD brows just because like
it's a quite a good thing to put in a
box that would only be like 10 11 pounds
I just wanted to get you know a video
off my vlog channel so I don't really
talk about time I don't have to talk
about the beauty boxes that often so I
thought if you would like to know my my
thoughts on them then you know you you
can know my thoughts I'm really fake it
but I'm wearing a dress thank you for
watching and yeah I mean I'm gonna try
and upload more I should probably stop
saying that it's probably getting really
boring to listen to
on this channel sorry I haven't uploaded
for a week it went really really quickly
okay a bad guy this is videos really
really long already but yeah just a
little overview of this this month's
glossy glossy this month's beauty boxes
that I received I hope you found it
interesting but yeah just thought it
would be something different for my blog
channel so I hope you're well and I hope
you enjoying the sunshine if you're in
the UK because this is so rare but I
want it to rain soon because I can't do
with it especially a boy okay I'm gonna
go okay bye
