hi everyone so I thought I did the
tattoos tag or I love tattoos tag
because you know how I said I want to do
a tag video on this channel and know
people like do tattoo tag or like show
your tattoos and it sounds like I'll do
it the best question is how many tattoos
do you have
I have 12 I think this week 4 - what's
your favorite tattoo you have that's
really hard because like they they all
have different meanings and I don't know
I love my foot one my favorite on my
foot just because it gives it just like
I feel like it adds to the prettiness of
my body I don't know if that makes sense
but it's like every dainty and feminine
tattoo because not all of my tattoos a
feminine asshole oh I have 13 I have 13
so yeah I can't think of I like them all
I don't really have a favorite um how
old are you when you've got your first
tattoo I was 18 and I'd wanted a tattoo
for ages and then I always said to
myself I'm gonna wait so I made eggs the
donor goats like because if anyone's had
to use me and I'm under 18 they're gonna
be obviously every dodgy tattoo artist
so all you know a dodgy place it's like
cool you should be 18 I know it sounds
really like boring of me you know like
I'm not like a rebel well I didn't get
it young but but you know I just thought
I want it done by a good tattoo artist
and they'll probably go by the rules of
what age I am okay what do your parents
think about your tattoo tattooed tattoos
my mom doesn't like tattoos at all she
doesn't have any herself she says if she
she did get one it would be like a
really small tattoo and I'm kind of like
what's the point she doesn't like them
out so like every time I come paint with
another one she's like oh she hates it
but yeah I think she's kind of getting
used to it now at this point she doesn't
really care anymore she said oh okay
whatever
she's just never not like trying to put
me off them so I love them so much so
she doesn't really care my stepdad he's
not into tattoos at all my real dad uh I
haven't really spoken to him a lot about
my tattoos or tattoos in general I get I
don't think he's very into tattoos but
yet no one in my seriously both sides of
my family I think mostly don't like
tattoos and especially one side of the
family like and we'll have discussions
about it like over the dinner table and
stuff and it just gets to it cuz you
can't mix like people you can't have a
conversation with people that don't like
tattoos like they're just like no people
that like them are just like why not
like to me it's just art an art form and
it's a way to express yourself and I
love it so much but you know it's just
you can't convince people that they're
nice if they don't like them but anyway
uh does your boyfriend like your tattoos
if so what's his favorite yeah he says
he does and he's always supportive and
his faithful I don't know if he does
already have a favorite I did I never
asked him like what's your favor of my
tattoos I think if any he might say that
one of my thigh I don't know maybe you
guys asked him if you ever see him did
you always have a love for tattoos and
what was your inspiration yeah I seems
like remember I've always loved tattoos
though I feel like there wasn't a point
where as ever I have wasn't interested
in them and I've just growing up there
was just people that I knew you know
with tattoos and I'd always asked like
when I was quite young I was about six
eh
and I'd be like what's that like you
know what is it what does it say um why
did you get it when did you get it stuff
like that I was just so interested and
then as I got older I just started to
think of what I would get and I just got
excited but yeah I I've always I've
always admire tattoos and admire I don't
know I just love it I love seeing like
pieces of art as well as tattoos and
it's just amazing and what was your
inspiration a lot of things just you
know people you see photos just things
in your life just things I love and then
I'm like I want it on me just everything
really
I think people give
me like if I want a bigger one and I see
someone with a bigger one it like gives
me the courage to do and I'm like yeah I
can do that yeah do you plan on getting
more tattoos in the future yes I've
always got another idea for another
tattoo and yeah so I've got like another
idea for 101 next I want to build upon
one of my ones I have already yeah I
want to get quite a lot more I'm just
obsessed like I'd love I'm gonna eat a
cup that I'd love a sleeve and I think
if I got a sleeve it would be my left
arm because I've got like people have
asked what this tattoo is this tattoo is
roses cuz I know some people some people
asked what it is and yeah if you can see
that there is I don't know if I should
go into meanings and that right now so
it's only attack but anyway but what I
was saying was that's the one that I
might build upon and then kind of if I
do start a sleeve that's where I all
kind of come from but yeah I want a lot
more and I want more just everywhere
which tattoo would you say was the most
painful I think my ribs tattoo but other
than that so I was pretty painful on the
on the side of my thigh the end like on
the foot the the end of your foot that's
like closer to your toes that makes
sense that hurt a lot but then it was
okay as bearable do you regret any of
your tattoos and why no I can't say I do
regret any and like if there's you know
there's one so obviously I like more
than others and over the years I'm like
you know I I don't have done anything
differently but you know you just you do
it just didn't life you see things
differently over a few years but if
there's any that I don't like as much as
I used to I just see it as it's just
kind of I feel like your tattoos they're
kind of a part of your growing and just
part of you part of your life and it
just showed apart it just showed
something about yourself from that time
and I like it I think any tattoo you get
is kind of I don't know
but it just marks a period in your life
that's how I see it so um and when
people are like uh what about when you
get old what about when you're 18 and
you're wrinkly you'd have to say think
of a repeat like everyone not everyone
but a lot of people have tattoos these
days we're all going to be in the same
boat by the time we're like eight years
old there's gonna be so many girls and
guys with tattoos like and all I always
say is okay so say I've gotten tattoos
like we're on top of my thighs and my
belly and stuff whatever I'm not gonna
be like in a bikini 83 years old like
who's good to see I'm gonna be probably
covered up mostly and so I'm not gonna
be like flashing my booty around when
I'm 80 years old so I don't see who's
gonna see them and you like obviously
the ones of my arms and my legs a bit
but yeah what was your least painful
tattoo this one my this too shall pass
on my shoulder was that accent but then
her at all like out of all the ones even
my just small ones like they hurt more
than this did her asshole also surprised
who would you like to tag anyone with a
tattoo I don't know really I'm just
gonna tag everyone so if you liked this
video if you'd like to do it and if you
like talking about tech I could talk
abouts how it for so long it's like this
videos probably really long ID but yeah
if you'd like to do it I tag you and
leave it as a video response as just a
little outfit of the day because you
know I like doing that on this channel
my hat is Ricky's I think you got it
from eBay or Amazon or something like
that my top is from UNIF and and this is
from Black Tide my bracelet if it
focuses yeah it's like one of those
cross ones that's why it really thanks
for watching I hope you liked this video
and let me know any other any other tags
and stuff you guys see on this channel
bye
