hi everyone this is going to be another
out for the day and I slightly changed
my outfit from earlier just because it
wasn't that comfortable but so I'm
talking about that she couldn't see any
way yeah so it's actually kind of sunny
today because it hasn't been sunny
asshole recently and it's just been like
raining constantly on and off so weird
but I'm today it's kind of sunny but
then it's kind of cloudy so I thought
I'd wear one of my beloved maxi skirts
or just back up so you can see this is
the outfit and yeah I'm not sure how you
can see it from over there but all my
feet I've just got these sandals from
Topshop just these like brown quite
simple ones and then the skirt is from
zara and i love it and it has like
cheeky sits angelia jolie slips i love
and it's just so like it looks really
pretty and then um yeah my necklace is
from regal rose I love it it's just a
simple kind of vintage lookin chain I
think it's called the Alexia but if I'm
wrong I'll correct myself down below and
then my crop top is the it's just one
from Topshop and I wore it in my power
star crop tops video which like a lot of
people didn't like but I was like
whatever I like you up so if you don't
like them you don't have to wear them
and it's in a great color sorry about
the boobage and then the path you were
wearing today is a benefit so hooked on
Camilla because it smells like someone
this is like it's summer but this is
like full it this is like one of the
only slightly summary days we're going
to have an S it will suddenly get really
really hot but anyway it goes with the
weather is all I'm trying to say my
watch is the just a Casio usual casio
number and yeah my nails I need to
repaint um it's an OPI color apartment
when it's called I'll put it down below
if you guys I'm sorry I've got such a
bad memory and that's about it I just
had wore mine normal black bag earlier
when i went out and
yeah update that's what I'm Hardy the
other day like we were driving and we we
saw him and like we wave to hear many
ways back at us now it's like yes the
kitchen so yeah Tom Hardy I'm thinking
of doing a tag filming a tag for this
vlog channel so let me know if there's
any like fun tags that you'd like to see
from me and I like filling tags so let
me know if you've got any other ideas
for like little videos or like chatty
videos about school or you know anything
any topic so yeah let me know I hope you
liked this outfit I know it quite see me
when I wear maxi skirts it does get a
bit samey because I don't mix it up too
much because I I like to stick with what
I think saves me and what I think goes
with them but anyway yeah I'm gonna go
now thanks for watching bye
