hi everyone so okay I really really
really sorry i haven't put a video up
for quite a while as you know if you
watched my main channel I've just had I
keep saying it you know a lot going on
and but you know from God I want to stop
saying that and just keep on eating as
much as I can oh I'm really sorry
because I hate like to make a promise
that i'm going to upload every day and
you know everything and then I let you
guys down but I think I'm decided now
I'm going to do it which some of you
guys are telling me as well I'm going to
do it like as often as I can probably
won't probably won't be every single day
but if it does you know get up to every
single day then that would be great it's
just that yeah I don't think I'm ready
to do like daily uploads I'm just it's
really hard it seems like it would be an
easy task but it's pretty hard to do
like I've realized and everybody like
Rome and it's not totally finished so
the background might change is shift
around a bit I'm a sort out the light in
yet but yes so it's not only what about
like my moving and everything check out
my main channel because that's where I
you know don't know I done an update I
cuz lucky kind of talk about it and I
showed me things i bought miles can I
say and so i guess i'll just show you my
outfit the day and it's just casual
today it's been kind of muggy and rainy
crap weather I've been traveling I've
been napping and so it's just simple I
just thought I'd show it because I need
to get you know I love outfit the day
out so i'm showing converse so if you
can see just topshop jeans are quite
over which these are called they're
called Lee was I forgot and white sox
won top chef as well it's just this kind
of loose fitting spec early I like it
it's quite it's just a nice casual
t-shirt with like a bone piece I've my
bracelet is new from Black Tide from a
on a sauce marketplace and all I've been
wearing I've stolen this hat for Ricky
reason it's a r0x from its I'm from ebay
or from a source i'm not sure i'll ask
them and put it down below for you oh
well it's I've been where oh not been
wary
I'm wearing the Revlon lip butter in
creme brulee and she was just like a
neutral not much color to it and the
perfume I wanted to wear today was the
wire cell prison because I just fancied
a change because as you know i wear my
Stella rose won a lot and I just wanted
to have a change it it's a nice spring
type note summer spring summer time
fragrance yeah nothing on my nails these
paint my nails like I'm really to do it
I so wait for me not to have anything on
my nails I was just wearing again I know
you guys never see any other path that
since my forever 21 bag and I were a
lavar denim jacket when I went to town I
little bit ago so that's kind of an idea
what we're wearing today but I hope
you're all well and thank you for
bearing with me with my vlog channel I
know it's a bit miss but yeah just bear
with me and I'm just going to try not
load as often as I can and that's okay
with you guys and yeah I don't think a
nice day I'm gonna go eun elsewhere from
a bit not all there today I'm just a bit
sleepy so yeah thanks watching bye
