everyone hope you are well so this is my
outfit of the day to day and I'm I do
apologize that I haven't put an outfit
up for a few days or so life just been
really crazy I've got so much going on
this week especially and I've really
wanted to do it I just you know haven't
got round to it plus the whole internet
malarkey but I yeah so i thought i'd
show you my outfit today as I've got
time and everything so if I back up
quickly um to stop so my glasses are
from H&M by to put them I'm not wearing
them as I'm just inside at the moment
and my denim shirt is for a carnivorous
like beyond retro I think and my jeans
are from motel rocks and if I come close
I'll show you the pattern it's like a
crackled I don't know how to explain of
its like crackled or something perhaps
the pattern then on my feet I've got
these like flat form almost wedges from
so you shoes I love these are sounds so
comfortable and my bags full of print
anyone you OST and then on my wrist I've
got a Casio and just a random chain
fitness Ricky's and I don't want my
casio for a while so for I just do that
on my lips have got the NYX lip cream in
San Paulo and I got full seasons down
everybody wear falsies in the day but I
was filming nails I asked on it so oh
and also wanted to talk about my nails a
little bit yeah so my nails there god I
took off my false nails because it was
like I love them but then I read it like
them as well like there was I love them
because they look really cool when I
love the whole claw nail design and
everything but but um I'm not used to
long now so like they're get in the way
everything I try and do like I'm typing
and what I'm trying to like go my phone
and other night and I'm quite a heavy
handed person I don't know her that's
the word the phrase but like I break my
nails a lot and I
chip my nails a lot and I'm always like
doing stuff or pretty lifting and moving
heavy stuff good nose but you know it's
just I'm not delicate enough to not ruin
long nails and the nails were like
already breaking and stuff like I went
to open a drawer and my nail just broke
one of the fools nails just came off and
also uh it's just hustle as also else so
just gonna take them off and also like I
like being able to change my nail color
I really often as well because I change
it like every 23 days so yeah it was
good while it lasted i might do it again
in the future but at the moment i'm just
gonna I've got no nail varnish on cuz I
need they really need a rest because I'd
also don't like how it ruined your nails
so I need to sort them out anyways um
it's kind of actually quite warm today
and important genes but you know can
never tell in the UK and its really
awkwardly like crouching down because my
camera my tripod doesn't go up higher
but anyway i'm sure i'd update you a
little bit I've got a lot of changes
come in so hopefully that will be like
exciting and I can share of you seen and
yeah I think that's it so thank you for
watching bear with me again for getting
the daily videos up hopefully it would
be more daily when I'm a bit more
settled but at the moment it's going to
be just like when I can but anyway stop
babbling thank you for watching I'll see
you in a few days maybe or tomorrow
hopefully bye
