I'm making any some peach an apple
I'm just gonna mash up that mash it up
but next time I'll go any coffee next
time maybe I should give it chunks hey
here it is let's see if she likes it
probably well she loves banana she
doesn't that peach before they see mommy
used to have a baby room now she's not
too sure about it they of course do me
me breakfast
I already of them started on it sorry
it's Wednesday feeling a lot better
today which is good hey like being so
moany all the time and and yeah like
she's actually been quite good today and
you know like just kind of quite happy
playing with me all with herself on her
own and and I've just been I got so I
got made an order on Graham and Greg's
it's like one it's pretty much my
favorite deck whole shop I think right
in London I love everything that I do
and I got these really cool kind of old
like Victoria what like time their be
from but they I don't know kind of like
industrial looking and they're very
old-school and creaky and tough anyway
I've got a set of three I've chose this
picture from our recent holiday for this
one I was going to touch this then to
focus it's okay that was her first time
I think like discover in the sand and
got this small one and I've got a bigger
one and I'm trying to decide what
pictures to put in them it's really like
a there's so much choice we've taken
those so many pictures like over the
last few months and I think I might put
this one in the small one yes she must
doesn't know how or she was very to
three months and Jason's gone training
talking to you yeah just look training
and then I think we might head up to
central London's I think we're waiting
for a few packages as well today
not really
hello hey in Joanna books
oh god he's finished in my makeup it's
only forgotten but change of plan we're
now heading to st. Albans which we
actually used to live there and yeah
it's gonna be really weird to go back we
don't really feel like kind of go into
central today so we just I still really
want to get out the house and you know
do something today I said what if we go
to st. Albans and maybe we can go to a
plant centre as well and because I'm on
the hunt for a few more plants for the
house so
yeah I'm gonna go have a little mo
dazeem India needs a few like awesome
winter bits and then finished up my
makeup now
so we had a really nice lunch at Jamie's
and now we're going to kind of run a few
errands we just went through to get arts
and wedding pictures printed so I'm so
excited for that so we can put them
around the house
I wrote Edie doing a little bit of
shopping for indie Wow
what you guys up to her yeah weird I'm
sure it will shrink and then that hmm
yeah I could actually I guess I think
that would fit so at the moment we like
well I like this pajama set I love this
jumper but they didn't got a bigger size
but we have to get it and then we like
this kind of velvet tracksuit bit later
now and I'm just making indie have first
polonaise so I'm excited about because I
love cooking bolognaise like normal
Bolognese and so kicking baby polonaise
it's gonna be so cheap so and just I
never get time to do it in the day so
I'm doing it tonight and then I hoped I
can give it to her tomorrow so I'm just
following this recipe how cute
yeah I'm just chopping up the veg and
then I think I'll show you guys what we
picked up today and look these are Aldi
I don't if I show you earlier but these
are all the pictures at the moment we
might change them around a bit but sorry
her food is just simmering for 20
minutes so I thought I'd sit on my
office wall with you guys and show you
I'm sorry brother so unfit I need to
start back at the gym that's not a joke
hey oh maybe I can go tomorrow I haven't
been to the gym for so long like weeks
and weeks and weeks oh my god since
before the wedding
how embarrassing I also really want to
start back a hot yoga but anyway this is
so mandatory I wanna show you guys what
we picked up today because we got so
nice bits for ins I can't be really now
because she her room is my opposite in
this room okay if I'm trying to if I
seem a bit whispering that's why I
probably get really loud though and
excited so first off we did get a few
other bits but mainly I like I needed a
bulb for my lamp and AH do you guys like
this thing I've got going on
Jason saw this and really liked this and
it looks huge but how oh my God look at
this so Q so this is Hornet gets a bit
colder at night time and that was $7.99
oh my god right I'm so obsessed with
this so I watched Mimi icon and I loved
his jumper that elects of war and but it
was Burberry I think it was hundreds of
pounds or 100 pounds and I was like oh I
can't justify that but this I found in
hmmm and it was $7.99 it's a bit big
actually but I would just have to get it
for her and maybe we could take this bow
off but we'll see but anyway I just
thought that was so cute and then next
we've got this like velu trucks which is
conscious hmmphh as well which is good
organic cotton this was $12.99 but it's
a two-piece I'm gonna link all these
bits down below if you guys want to like
get your hands in any of the bits
yourself I didn't actually mean to get
so many pink that I honestly don't shop
like oh I need to get pink things for
her it's just the nice things I've found
what's happened to be really pink I got
her some new tights because her old ones
are tiny for her now I got this pajama
set for her because how cute little
frilly pajamas look at this one so cute
these were $12.99 and then I actually
found this top sorry this is probably
the worst way to show you this top that
I found this top well I just doesn't be
on our way to the till I ran over to it
and I was like I need that top because I
love this style of top that's everywhere
at the moment but I've never found one
that looks just I don't know like I've
never found one I really like $24.99
sighs ten I didn't have a size eight but
I'm sure it'd be fine and then just two
more things I spotted this and I was
like oh my god I love that and it's
actually a boy I think it's a boy's but
whatever he liked it doesn't matter
anymore his boys or girls and this was
$8.99 and then the last thing how cute
is this I actually would love this
without the love on the front as well
just like plain stripes but this is
really cute as well look at the little
heart buttons and this was $7.99 that's
everything we got from H&M so yeah it
will be down below well and there's some
of them I can't find on the website but
I'll do my best
we've actually all didn't an day's
dinner it's just arrived so I'm gonna go
downstairs and we don't eat hey Frank
Frank's new name is Patrick you
forgetting how it's pronounced sure
because Jason's are watching loads of
narcos you got any updates we haven't
seen you for a while how was your day
did you enjoy shopping with me did I try
to pour you a sink event then you
distracted me
let's see how our dinners getting on
home maybe the high so I got myself a
quarter chicken rice and Maccabees guess
what oh so far has arrived oh wait let
me move this orange one it's not
supposed to be about look this is the
sofa oh my god I don't wanna shout too
much because inde sleepy but how amazing
it's from loaf they do the most amazing
furniture ever and it's so so so it's so
comfortable and that's what it looks
like from the side and it's Frank and
this one's called the crumpet and we
wanted a bit of a shades this is before
we have we got this we already wanted
one with this sofa but ah
isn't it amazing it's so soft we've got
it in the color navy blue and I think
it's the clever cotton I might be wrong
but it's one that's kind
good for with if you have pets as well
which is amazing so we're now just off
the top and Court Road and we've come up
to essential to have a look in well one
or maybe a few they're cool shops around
here Jason really wants folk actus he
did have the palm next to his desk but I
feel like we think it might get too much
Sun in a conservatory so now that's the
palm spot is next to the safer we're
going to look for a good folk Aptus
would be real rough see with indian
franklin√≠s probably not much idea we're
just trying to park it's taking so long
steps not working
normal scene spotted this plant shop
look they've got this plant that I want
such a basic bitch one but still this
isn't where it's gonna be staying I
don't think but this is my mother of
tongue plant I'm so happy with her she's
a beaut then we got these two mini mini
plants if it focus that's so cute
and for reference I'm that's so cute I
want this one for my office we need to
get some small pots to put them in and
our dining chairs came we ordered these
because we've also ordered our dining
table which comes next week and here is
the cactus it looks really cool oh well
we got this plant as well as kind of
like another palm but it nothing fits in
a bloody pot we need some pots if
there's a spider maybe I won't zoom in I
hate when people zoom into spiders when
I'm not expecting on insta stories I
think they're most of the bits that we
got yesterday I just wanted to show you
them in the house and I'll see you guys
tomorrow hopefully bye
