hello today this is my outfit of the day
and it's quite different ones that
actually because it's a bit more kind of
funky I suppose and I I've got no
internet it's like what nothing to do it
was literally just like messing around
with clothes in my room and I just cover
up this little number my hands in a bun
I don't wear it like this I checked you
around the house but not out any public
so yeah if I come up close on my lips
I've got revlon's pink pout in my crease
I've got max mythology but you probably
can't see in flight these earrings of
from Urban Outfitters the necklace is
from regal rose so if you can hit little
wind or the wind chimes nails you are
American Apparel mouse no this black
John Doe ski jumper is actually Ricky's
I just stole it for the day and it's
wrong american apparel and I thought I
really like it so I just kind of stole
it was like I love that and then as you
can see by wearing disco pants just
disco disco pack and then my wife which
I hardly ever wear them and I always
want to I just a real pair them with so
this is our ended and the North fact
that use yet so that's still to be
decided and I think that's about it
anything you yeah I think that's it so I
hope you liked this outfit let me know I
know it's a bit differently others I've
been doing recently but hey also friend
my that's a lot of black again but the
weather like today especially is crap
but it's not studying at all any of the
UK it's not really not always sunny in
summertime so anyway yeah I'll see in
the next
bye
