hi 10 stuff in a little bit better so
I've got a bit of makeup on I thought
I'd do it inside because yesterday the
noise outside of the planes and that was
just crazy sorry I've totally get it
together a bit of my outfits yeah so
anyway this is my outfit today it's kind
of casual game I'm kind of running
errands today and how long to show you
the full outfit so yeah I just got a few
things to do today it's Monday so yeah
the oh my lips are wearing max hug me on
my eyes I've kind of made a little
concoction of like gray Blackie greenie
eyeshadows all my nails I've got I think
it's american apparel Barry um rear I've
got my michael kors watch this is just a
plain vest top from hm and then my
either not I never know what to call
this thing it's like a kimono it's from
bunkie or monkey and then if I bring you
down a bit my leg ends our frog I think
hitch known level against or not real
ever but fake another and then my
strappy sandals a frog topshop last year
and my bag is from zara some like a
robot then and my back is from zara oh
hello oh also my necklace is this little
hands a hand I really like this and I
think it's from the a sauce Black Tide
but it looks so pretty afraid what some
wearing today as I do most days is
Stella Stella summer rose which looks
like this please go and smell this if
you have it is so nice so that's about
it i will probably see tomorrow if not
you know give me bear with me to forget
of the videos up because i have no
internet at all at home so it's such a
pain but yeah if I don't I'm just trying
to get myself together to be able to
upload them more it's watching us
hopefully see tomorrow but if not i'll
see you soon bye
