and it's kind of funny but then it's
again
every time I fell behind those who farts
Oh but it's like my shy
it is really bad but I actually put one
where I've got my scout from I think
it's from Urban Outfitters but if I'm
wrong I'll put it in the description box
of you so I had a total mind phone well
she's a fun so you shoes bomb or doctor
at UK I'll put the link down below to
let's see see your website I bought them
myself I really like them they're like
platforms with a bit of a heel as well
so yeah and my parents would anyone like
you oh I see
and then my watch is Michael Kors
I can't remember their model of it but I
might put it in the description bar if I
find out I don't know if you could see
but my eyes so swollen because the hay
fevers been so bad and I woke up in my I
was like a tennis ball so the glasses to
kind of mask that I thought some was in
the window watching me then also anyway
what else not a lot of makeup on today
because of the hay fever and it's just
do irritate my eyes and I feel that's it
so I hope you like this outfit of the
day and also a lot of people say oh you
add too much black and stuff like that
but I am that's just my style I like
wearing black yeah very lot of that
sorry about that but yeah thanks
watching white
