hi everyone so today is my third day of
my day outfits and yeah I'm so so sorry
about the uploading I'm just you know
again waiting to my internet gets better
so without babbling about that too much
again this is my outfit today it was it
was really really sunny this morning so
I was like maxi skirt so I put it on and
now it's recount II there's a typical
English weather anyway hot off my
necklace is from regal rose it's like
this gold cuff and then a little kind of
tribal thingamajig I like it when it's
I've got max plumb for my top it's like
a crocheted top and it's from H&M and
top I just had a leather jacket and it's
really hard to film cuz I've kind of
some wonderful for me and you can't even
see me can you and I don't have my
tripod on me but anyway this is what the
poor have it looks like so it's this
skirt from wonkiness maxi skirt which is
really pretty and the seam at the front
with the buttons actually goes at the
front which yeah I thought that one at
the back but apparently not and then
again just my Topshop parts because just
a casual day I just kind of grabbed
shoes put the water there just easy to
wear and everything else is like normal
so I ever told my probably wear like a
cardigan or a leather jacket that's
about it I've actually had a heart
attack because I just dropped my camera
off of a really high thief but she
probably saw and I'm I actually thought
I broke my camera I was gonna die so
before I have any more mishaps I'm gonna
go and hopefully hopefully I can get a
video up tomorrow because I don't have
any internet access if I don't please
forgive me and I'll try and get up as
soon as I can so thank you for watching
bye
