hi everyone so today is my second day of
my kind of daily outfits thing and thank
you everyone who helped me to think of a
name for it I think I'm going to go with
Sammy at the we're not going to go
Sammy's Sammy's style and I might like
change that a bit and add or tweak as
time goes on but for now it's that so
thank you anyone who gave me some names
and thank you to anyone who said some
you saw it I liked it so typically as I
just start a daily thing like a daily
upload thing my internet is screwed so
you want to see me tweet about it if you
follow me on Twitter this guy came from
beauty yesterday to check the phone line
and then now he's screwed up our
internet so we don't have internet and
I'm so annoyed I can't live without it I
don't know what I don't know what to do
with myself so I'm gonna try and get
this up to date if I don't get up today
hopefully tomorrow or as soon as I can
I'm really really sorry because I
promised it daily thing and typically
way Internet's gone but yeah so
basically today and again I go up quite
early through it together but it's quite
sunny today it's sunny and then it goes
cloudy so I just thought I'd put
together this little number and it's
quite casual again you know just
everyday outfit so this is what it looks
like how much you can see all that so
I'm wearing my kind of my hmm midi dress
which was a five-run got it on sale and
my leather jacket over I take it off
sometimes because it gets quite hot but
my leather jacket that you so yesterday
and my belt bitch from is from Topshop
just to kind of separate yet out a bit
and all my sunglasses from H&M which I
showed in my home my last video main
video and then my bag again from from 21
and nails are the same all my lips is
Mac creme cup and i think that's it all
shoes are just flat from Topshop because
I was running out the door just put some
flats on but you could also see dress it
up with better shoes and thank you for
watching I hope you liked day two and I
hope you are quite excited for it cuz
I'm quite excited about it and I hope it
goes well just so typical that my
Internet's not working so i hope i get
it working with making it work and soon
i'll hopefully see you tomorrow
