hi everyone and so for my vlog Channel
I've got this idea tonight if it's
that's in fits a good idea I think it's
good idea but I've had this idea for
ages for about a year now and I haven't
just haven't like got out to doing it or
like introduced it yet so basically and
I'm not sure if it will totally work but
what I want to do is like and you know
how people do kind of daily vlogs I
would really want to do like my daily
outfit so like an outfit a day on my
vlog channel and I think that'd be a
good idea let me know what you think and
I was gonna like tights on this video
something like the daily the daily
outfit or I don't know hope it cool it
if anyone has an idea for a name of like
my everyday outfit post YouTube videos
then let me know
um but yeah I'm really quite excited
about it and but I want to say now I
can't I'm not gonna promise that every
single day I'm gonna get it up but I'm
really I'm gonna try and my hardest to
get one up every day but you know
sometimes life might get in the way but
I will try and a lot of a lot of things
I just just just really casual so not
every day it's gonna be like a really
you know extravagant crazy outfit a lot
of the days it's just what I'm running
errands in or something but I kind of
think it's cool because on my main
channel by obviously do a lot more of
kind of really dressing up outfits and
less every day let's say everyday casual
outfit so I think on this channel it
will show quite a range in like
different things that I do wear and ya
know a stop babbling I'm gonna show you
my first outfit today I got up really
really early literally just threw on
things kind of layer ducks it's recalled
at the moment in the UK so it's a bit of
a casual outfit so I hope you like it so
it just looks like this from far away it
is really casual to be honest this
morning I had my hood up because it was
raining it's pissing it down recently so
I think you look actually quite cool
with the hood up and I'd wear it like
this out and so again this is basically
I don't know how well you can see it but
it's just kind of layered so I've got
okay so this is like an arms cut off her
de which is actually Ricky's and he was
gonna throw he's had it for ages and
I've always had my iron it he was gonna
throw it out and I was like hell no okay
keeping that jumper whoever it is so
it's got a hood and it's just really
easy to layer with so yeah how do you
like it and then my leather jacket from
Topshop which I studied myself southern
the shoulders oh my necklaces I think
are from her back tied that a sauce
marketplace that I mentioned on my whole
the other day oh all my nails I changed
my clone ailes to black it's kind of
like a gunmetal gray black it kind of
looks grey sometimes but I like this
look really like then my back stone from
21 which I will wear like that Annabelle
because it's so much easier so up is
just a prop a really old basic quite a
from all my bra problem Topshop and then
all my bottoms it's just you know the
old hmmm riding pants just ID literally
just chucked this together this morning
off ox half-asleep and then almost feet
o converse so like my black one it could
when they're not high tops just like
normal converse and I really want some
white ones I want to get my hands on
some so hopefully I'll be back tomorrow
with another outfit and you know they're
not always gonna be crazy crazy stylish
outfits but I'm gonna try my hardest to
kind of look you know just show you what
I'm wearing so yeah I'm kind of excited
about it let me know what you think and
let me know if any cool names that I
could call this it's not even a series
but this thing with a daily outfit so I
hope you liked the idea and so anything
else I think that's it
yeah or minutes I've got Mac brave and
just a nude lip gloss
and yeah thanks for watching and I won't
be see you tomorrow bye
