hi guys I'm about to go into town with
my sister Danny and I really want to get
my nails done yeah I really wanted to
get the stiletto nails done for ages the
claw L so that's hopefully what I'm
going to get hopefully I hope didn't
mess it up but um yeah so we're going to
just go around anyone's to go to
Starbucks
so yeah just a bit of a 5-door vlog
because I'm so long like I follow me
around one um yeah so I'll catch up in a
bit
bye yeah um
and my mails days I got fooled they said
I could rush emails
you see they eat your feet they eat your
dead skin and that is that
so I've just got my nails done I haven't
had these are gels and then I asked for
like I showed a picture of someone's
hand I think it's round that's a lot
shape and then I just kept telling her
to fallen-down room I can't show you a
little bit and then I showed a Lana Del
Rey picture her she had red tips which
that really cool but I got it in nude
instead has like a bit of nude but yeah
so I just got a at all iced chai tea
latte
so in Danny's go
it's like cookie crumble Frappuccino
it's amazing they will watch Russell
Howard and he does anyway so yeah I
can't sort something out my nails but
yeah it was an interesting experience
she's fine
the lady that done it yeah
and that is Jenna she got the the cookie
crumble did you like her - I don't like
this
gotcha
okay so Danny uses a Mac Studio Fix to
the foundation in the shade which I know
you can see that's all right it could be
a cleansing her skin she's in bad it was
we got fruit but it's not the best
fruits
oh yes
today
we're going back now and we're going to
take a film Tony's outfit for her she's
gonna take some photos for live look if
you can't if you can kind of see this is
my outfit
it's nice we got fruits healthy for the
summer and
what's gonna say oh I don't I hope that
going film
I think favorites hopefully favorites so
I'm gonna shoot my nails I wonder what
people are gonna think because I
Instagram them and some people were like
I think this shape is a bit weird I like
them but I I get really bored quickly so
I will definitely change them I just
paint them like one color yes yeah okay
hey gal like that comb I just filmed a
video what why I should film up here the
night as well okay this is where I
usually feel this is my tripod this is
where I usually film then right and up
here is amazing if it with my justice
Dante like hi anyway okay so yeah I'm
naked is so hot and sway I needed to
breathe yeah I filmed a video I filmed a
favourites
that's a sneak peak M&S I love Marks and
Spencers food it's amazing oh oh my god
this is the best soup ever the nicest
soup ever and it's like healthy I hope
it's healthy because that Tommy it's not
I think it's healthy and the spicy
lentil soup is amazing try this lentils
are really good for you as well
and it reduced oh yeah this which I
should really put in the fridge lentils
giant couscous and goats cheese I'm just
a why my uncle sort of Neyland Lilith
I've got so many lentil and a gout
vegan style medium a computer yeah so oh
my arms hurting me
yeah I I want to try to do a few more
looks I got a few things coming up that
I'm gonna be doing so uh yeah I need to
film more on my vlog Channel I'm really
sorry I'm really really crap
but yeah I'm done I I need to tidy now
look at the mess Oh see okay and my
stores broken no you go so uh yeah how
are you today let me know down in the
comments
oh I also want to say I had the funniest
experiencing over day I was getting off
the train and this lovely girl was
getting on the train she was called
Caroline hi if you're watching and she
was like that's beauty cross I was like
hi
she asked her if I was like here sure
but she was getting lot of change was
gonna miss it so we kind of like had to
take the photo in the train doors they
were trying to close they opened and
guys the whole train that the way for us
to take this photo it was so funny so it
was really nice to meet you there's also
two girls I said I'd shout out I met in
Topshop and I'm really sorry I forgot
your names wrong but I think they were
called JJ and Rihanna so it was really
nice to meet you guys sorry if I got
names wrong I'm really bad with names
I'm memories really crap but yeah it's
so nice to meet anyone that comes up to
me and I know it's quite nerve-wracking
going up to people as well so thank you
and yeah
