one side under sought recently of
Michelin who is here on YouTube and on
YouTube she is start to finish mua
makeup artist and yeah so she lives in
LA I live in London so we decided to do
a swap because obviously there's things
that we both couldn't get it where we
live and stuff like that and there's so
much in America I feel like I can't we
can't get here and yeah so we decided to
shut a shop swap she sent it to me in
this box eat I can kind of show it
properly which is amazing thank you so
much if you're watching and hi that's
not really away fear I mentioned it in
my whole video I don't f it up on all
yet on my main channel but i thought i'd
do like a whole video on it and here on
my vlog channel and I hope that's okay
in no particular order i'm just going to
kind of pull things out so that sounds
wrong so yeah we can't get anywhere slip
bombs over here and I know I showed this
in my main video but she got me this one
I've done all this cool but it's the
pink one and the pink one and sweet mint
one and a summer fruit one which is the
red one I love these they're so cute to
keep in your bag re really wanted some
more and then she got me which I've
already shown just like bathroom again
and the room on it sticking airy-fairy
which is like one of my all-time
favorite lipsticks i love this we can't
get it here and then also the revlon
matte lipstick in why not which is like
a dark dark red it's so nice some such
nice like vampy red color and and then
she got the covergirl lip perfection lip
pencil in seduced or seduction and it
looks like that and it's watches like
that it's quite like something that we
shot but yeah it's quite a light color
is hump like a shade lighter than my
natural lips kind of thing and then she
sent the cover their nature looks a
gloss balm in Oh in cabinet cabinet and
it looks like that it's kind of like a
berry color
and yeah that's nice we saw it such as
quite sure which is nice for summertime
that one you send some covergirl things
which is really cool so you don't have
cover girl over here and the air I don't
know a lot of them I cause I'm like or
the like a lipstick yeah lipstick in
kiss basa which is a really nice shade
it's kind of like kind of Coralie it
looks kind of metallic and then also a
lipstick in temptress which is more of a
pink always looks like a fuchsia pink in
the camera it looks a bit kind of not as
future in real life yeah sorry again if
I'm not myself in this video like I've
been ill recently so so if I just don't
have the same kind of energy as I
usually say I'm really sorry I've just
been feeling a bit low recently and
stuffs of an ill and okay and then she
sent her like these two oh these two
pouches of amazingness then she said the
maybelline color tattoo because we have
these in the UK but i think they've
changed the shades that we have over
here so it's called to have the ones
that we can't get here in Sisson tough
as taupe which looks like that this is a
reread i shade for like underneath if
you're going to do a kind of light smoky
eye cuz i like oh well it's not as much
as I can't talk it's watches quite grey
more than type but yeah that's what it
looks like a Revlon diamond lust
eyeshadow in neptune star which is
really pretty and a Rimmel blusher isn't
it is it me or is there rim are there
and more blush is bigger than ours like
it doesn't look big in the camera but I
swear it's really big this is in tickle
me pink which is a really cute pink
color and then I got a Milani I shadow
and Olympian blue another color tattoo
and beg Oh bold gold which is really
nice these are like they do like the
paint pots from Mac it's what's really
nicely milani eyeshadow in and pitch
black and another one in this is like a
really bright pink shocking pink which
is like that another Rimmel and Russia
in pink sorbet which is really nice this
is like a bit I think it's a bit more
coral than the pink one there yeah
they're both really flattering shades to
cover girl what are they called blast
flip stick I blast flip stick in once in
flashy and one is in Parker don't like
that these are cool don't know how to
use them is that clear yet but they look
cool and like I like him okay and then
this is amazing she sent me like a whole
pouch of lip butters Revlon lip butters
which I've only got one lip butter I
think and then I haven't even like
delved into them yet here in the UK like
in store so it's so cool to have them
ready without us non talking about let
me show you this there's so many okay
one is in creamsicle oh god open I one
is in sugar frosting which looks like
that that's why there's in tutti frutti
which looks more orangie like that what
the car looks tangerine e and they're
all quite very sure when you put them on
so it's not too they're not too scary
and this isn't sugar plum I really like
that live and this one is quite purple
lollipop
just like a fuchsia color so if it's not
in focus and and gum drop so many this
is I can I look this is really different
actually I don't have anything like this
lip color wise and creme brulee which
this is the one that I've tried most and
so far and i really like there is such a
natural look to that's what kind of
glossy yeah that's nice and they don't
really have sense to them I think that's
the only if they had a little fruity
scent going on that would be nice but
and brown sugar which is nice and like
say see if ice watch this for example
this really sure so it's not to like
obnoxious or anything the last one is
sugar frosting which is this this is a
really nice shade actually looks a
little bit like Airy fairy yeah if i
switch it it's not really sure quite as
iam so that's everything she sent me in
the swap thank you again so much it was
so so sweet of her keep going out focus
it was so so sweet of her to send me all
of those things like it was really cool
and hopefully she'll set and show what i
sent her as well i think in a video soon
and yeah it's just so cool to receive
things that you can't you don't see you
know usually day to day in like our drug
stores like boots and stuff like that so
it's really cool it's always fun to do a
swap sigh and I'll also link her channel
down below so you can see if you don't
know who she is and you know check out
our channel and see if you can see her
her my books to her so yeah i'll link
her in the video down below as well
thank you for watching hope you found it
kind of interesting and just a little
peek and so a little swap that we don't
let them out to explain it but hopefully
i'll be uploading another vlog soon so
keep posted and i'm quite bad of my
vlogs I'm really really sorry but yeah
i'm going to try me better i'll see you
next video bye
