hello there everybody oh it's a spot
okay well me oh I aint funny ah sorry
the harry potter students making um wait
if i can show you the sign I'm being
faculty how far she goes tour fee so
we're really well it's like um it's
really brand new it's just open so it
should be quite cool right and I thought
I drug it a little bit so you guys can
see what it's like inside hopefully
she's really good actually I like her
have a good see how many Levi
you
we're in the hypolitan talk it's really
good that you kind of walk around and
look at all the different effects
everything on this voice it's really
interesting and if you love Harry Potter
so amazing see it like it is see behind
me so yeah I'm really enjoying it and
also cool
me
designed to Florida which is casting
edging espousing hold it like this now I
said the one who's made a walnut
evil or dangerous plant inclusive Europe
it's nothing else for a nearby so I
think you're green she was a bit of a
dangerous evil character so it was the
perfect match ikik we were bunch of
people that's my story anyway this is
not thats when the outside of what you
guys might like to see it's amazing so
if it's not in focus but yeah it was
amazing I don't want to leave it was
really magical but yes you like harry
potter i drew
