hi everyone this video is going to be a
bit of a chit chatty kind of 1 i'm just
gonna talk well it involves all footage
is not a lot but footage as well okay so
basically yesterday i had that amazing
opportunity to go to Paris with lore'l
and also went with grace from the
University beauty flare from
fleurdeforce and Gemma from Jen's
maquillage obviously I see Gracie all
the time and as you know animate videos
of happy feels really good to talk more
the other girls as well and it was just
really nice and fun and different and
amazing so we ought to me you're a star
really am Oh a cover like half five so
get there and then on my and also tired
yes we went over to Paris we went to see
the the new L'Oreal hair labs where they
they do a lot of stuff this look like a
lot of chemical and scientific and
chemical a lot of scientific work when
they do their research and they're just
everything that everything that goes
into everything hair why is it lore'l I
think not they don't just do it there
but that's like the new big place where
they do it so we went to go and see the
laws we saw you know different section
of them working on different you know
different hair and all through the
different stages and I won't like talk
and talk but i'll try and show you the
fish i have and.yeah I just wanted to
say thank you to their bills it was
amazing I'll put the petition now
even when they're in the shower even in
the shower we get this video is that
customers to come back and we have a
specific position of the jam you like so
much negativity of the consumers wedding
dress up and yeah so yeah everything is
tailing very easily or not and it fits
the good for the consumers and to
complete the questionnaire buddies
forever I'm angry sir is just building
the other side to this park and I want
is I want to do everyone I'm in your a
good nice Oh me on my way
it's a really pretty day it's like 20
degrees Celsius nice warm for UK people
then you know I was talking about where
they went the first Laurie are some
flaws oh this building with l'oreal rich
is experiencing its dead special heck oh
so you got all the professional hair
Justin Amash wow that's really weird
click in the mirror that yellow thing
sorry
I just want to bring memories that he go
whereas it later just like what I was
like meat oh I know mojito oh that
cray
hi everyone okay let me come we are
outside gar gar do not and we are on the
way home in tired I'm tired we are
bringing I couldn't we both been up
since like high five in the mornin and
but it's really pretty happening with my
god it is her hair we have goodies yeah
so this is the station
and this is the area outside there's a
lot of dodging people around and it's
actually mcdonalds him okay so yeah so I
didn't film too much but I got a lot of
photos yeah hope you liked it
I feel when the hardened a bike so I
hope you enjoyed the footage and I think
I like put a few pictures in as well and
and yeah I wanted to actually feel more
but you know when it's so crazy and
everything's happening at once you don't
always think like with the camera out
and start filming everything we we
learned like about quite a few different
things but I think one of the most
interesting things was when they were
talking about hair dyes and how they're
trying always trying to find different
ways to make the experience of dying
your hair better and how long it takes
to do research and it kind of takes
short it can take years and what else
there was it really the one of the first
bits you went home was to do with
afro-caribbean hair and also like asian
hair and that was really interesting and
we saw that the different types of hair
photos on the walls and I'll you know
let you pick your hair so I thought you
liked you ask her it was interesting
because they were actually like washing
the people's hair with the new products
and trying them out when we were there
and like some people went up and touched
the two different sides of the head to
see because they use two different
products on to two slides ahead so we
could like touch to see which one was
different and people like that one
softer and that's just how they test it
out so that was really cool just to see
that going on like behind the scenes of
you know behind the scenes when you're
just like walking around boots i can√≠t
lawyer you and when you see everything
that they do to make it it's just crazy
and really really interesting yeah man
we got actually a goodie bag which is
amazing um if the things came in this
bag witch's hair yes the Saenuri at ya
Lori oh yeah and some amazing products
and like you you guys know I'm not
really I on youtube I don't really go
into her a lot and it's not my forte and
I'm fair like fashion beauty but I'm
obviously you know I have a bit
interested in her as well it's really
interesting to know everything behind
products and stuff like that and i
actually discovered that lore'l own like
Cara stars wait is that how he said like
Cara stars and Vichy redken and logic I
didn't know that so that's pretty
interesting
oh my god of something so brambly but
it's always great I always like trying
out new products you know any kind of
new products that I just like it and I
enjoy it and that's why I like beauty
blogging and talking about products um
so these are the things that we got in
the bag we got the Kara stars resistance
fiber architect it's all in French by
the way obviously it's from Paris forgot
this which it's a very damaged length
split ends and it looks like this nah
it's probably in stores i'm not exactly
sure then we got a l'oreal repairing
shampoo this is so nice and i've been
using like other shampoo not loyal
shampoo for ages and but i used to use
this like every now and then that's
loyal shampoos and then I'm like why am
I using them they smell so nice and they
do make your hair sir oh maybe they're
so soft sorry is this this shampoo which
I'm pretty sure you can find and like
boots and everywhere then we got red
skin radiant sea spray which I'm really
interested in sea spray is I've never
tried one I've always wanted to it's one
of those things that focus one of these
that I've always wanted to try and so it
looks like that yeah and i got i really
like this this is this is dry shampoo a
Garnier one and it's it on so it's like
lemon scented but it's a really nice
really fresh it's not a it's not even
like a really sweet lemon you know sent
that you'd be in your hair it's like
sickly sweet is really fresh and just
really nice because I don't really use
dry shampoo that often but i think i
might be using this one they own Garnier
as well how interesting it was blurry
and this I love the packaging for this
is the Vichy a goddess in French oh man
minerals soft soft and fortifying
shampoo um which is like that it's
really big it's like
because my head say yeah I'm excited to
try it yeah constant little ride on that
um and then I got the Loreal absolute
repair cleansing balm which really which
has repairing cleansing balm for very
damaged hair which is my hair yes so I
this should work I'm go down a treat I'm
excited to use these things I just
wanted to share these products of you
because as we went to one of the most
like advanced and most it was so
interesting about hair and and so I feel
like what they gave us they're bound to
be good products and well if they're not
I will let you guys know but I'm pretty
sure these products are pretty good so I
wanted to share it with you guys
everything I had an amazing amazing day
yesterday and it was oh it's just I
can't keep saying but the opportunity to
go over to Paris like with lore'l was
just like I've never thought that that
would have happened and you they'd even
ask us to do that and we actually got to
see the last before they let journalists
I think it's journalists in which is
crazy like it's like beauty bloggers
youtubers can like report back on it
before reporters in a way so um I just
thought that was really nice and more
like thi like cuz you know we're real
people and you guys watching a real
people and we're not like magazines and
I like we can just say what we want
about things so if we liked or didn't
like it we can tell you again thank you
to everyone at l'oreal and thank you
especially to james and david and
they're really lovely and yeah i hope
you enjoyed this video and and yeah let
me know what you want to see more my
vlog channel because I do feel like you
know sometimes I won't upload for a
month or so and i feel like i wanna
upload more so let me know what you want
to see if you want to know anything else
about me and all like a questions and
answers video maybe by watching on my
main channel let me know what you wanna
say so how do it and cuz you know i like
filming obviously cuz im a youtube up
okay so yeah thank you for watching and
I was
you in my next vlog bye
