hey guys I hope you're all well welcome
to another weekly vlog I'm just jumping
in at the beginning here because it's
just been one of those weeks when I
started here and I've looked things but
I didn't kind of explain what I was
doing and I never wanted it to be too
weird I just thought I'd give you a tiny
tiny rundown on the beginning of this
vlog and the rest of it kind of explains
itself but yeah I hope you'll you've all
had an amazing week at the beginning of
the week on on Monday Jason and I went
to we were around Kings Cross we were
shooting for a video that's coming up
that pretty much took all day
and then on Tuesday we also we went up
to London again because we had a meeting
with like my management and yeah just a
bit of like a catch-up in a strategic
meeting and we went to bubble free card
which was so nice oh my god
if you ever like if you have an
opportunity to go there go there it's so
nice oh my god the decor and everything
it was amazing I had though the I had
the fish and peas and mine wasn't
amazing but everyone else's food looked
really good but I think I just chose the
wrong thing off the menu
anyway I went to get a treatment done
which is just what I wanted to fill you
up fill you fill you up now which is
what I just wanted to fill you in on a
little bit because otherwise it might be
a bit bit random and it's something that
I've been looking into for so long
something that's always bugged me and I
went to get tip tier trial I feel like
I'm gonna say it wrong tier trial filler
and basically it's filler under the eyes
because I just have really bad I've
always had really bad dark circles and
also it's not even that they're that
they're dark they also kind of a sunk
quite they're very like sunken into my
face I feel like it makes me look a lot
older around the eyes then I am this
isn't going to fix it forever because
filler it kind of absorbs into your body
after a while it's not forever it's just
temporary I talked about it a little bit
after but I just wanted to let you guys
know what was going on
really so I headed up to ask analogy
because that's where I've been before
for my treatments and the doctor there
he's really good and if you've got any
questions or anything even down below
and I'll try and answer all of your
questions and at the moment as well when
I put videos up I'm gonna try and be
there for the first half an hour to
answer all of your questions as well and
just like chat to you guys hope you like
the most of it so my mum where
and this is like before but they're
especially dark because I'm not that
well
here it is
I hope show with it to hold it will it
say I'll just leave it there maybe
the technique is reimbursable by the way
around downside
oh my god I could see much difference in
the camera let's talk about it when I
get home it's a few hours later now I've
picked up another I feel like another
one or something of India's viruses and
it's just such a slow burning one like
I'm not getting any better and it's been
going on for ages anyway I don't to keep
moaning about being you know I don't
like when people do that but yeah I mean
I just haven't felt like vlogging I also
wanted to chat a little bit about today
and I am resourceful because I'm not see
oh that's a bit better I wasn't sure
where it's best to film this update
because obviously it's nighttime now and
so like all the like the lighting in
this house isn't amazing anyway I don't
want to appear worse than I actually
look in person yeah I would ask enology
it was great as usual they were so
friendly and that I highly recommend it
if you're looking to go somewhere for
treatments they do know the different
things in there as well I wasn't sure
how much of it to film when I don't know
if people won't be a bit squeamish about
it but I thought it would be good to
have anyway like I don't even know if
I'll upload this I wasn't sure that to
get it done and then just not talk about
it or if I should share it with you guys
it's something interesting that I've not
seen anyone else on YouTube when you
talk about like this thing that I got in
particular I mean I've always had like I
just think they're hereditary quite
really dark circles and I feel like
they've got even worse over the last few
months it's something that I've always
noticed like in pictures but something
about yourself that it's just you get so
frustrated all the time about it so I
just wanted to do something I can see if
it would work again so I've got my skin
and you can see all of the injection
marks yeah he said there wasn't a lot of
volume there and that this I was worse
than that I and I feel like I've always
had I've always noticed that one of my
eyes is worse than the other one
the overall effect when it when all
settles of this I might not be as good
as that one but that's okay like I don't
mind I just wanted something to help a
bit anyway I can definitely see a
difference like on the way home is like
a definitely difference but let's wait
for tomorrow maybe but it's like I could
feel the filler here it's a really weird
feeling it's not really horrible it's
just like weird hours ago I thought
there might be a bit of bruising on this
eye which sorry I'm in the shadow so it
looks worse now but now I feel like um
what if there is any breathing maybe
there is a little bit probably hard to
tell until it tomorrow night okay I'm
gonna sign off now bye
I was just putting moisturizer on and I
thought I would just say there's I think
there's definitely some bruising here
actually which is really hard to kind of
show you and I've just literally woken
up but I thought just thought I'd show
you the morning and I bagged it this
morning when I smile I it's a little bit
sore because there was no strong as
yesterday I thought it wouldn't be any
soreness but there is a little bit if I
smile it's not that bad do you like
mommy's new light bags I know they still
look dark
I'm interested to see what they look
like with makeup on surveys okay I've
got ready and everything and I thought
I'd show you guys now how it looks with
makeup on and so I think there is a bit
of bruising so I'm just waiting for that
to go down I feel like I can definitely
see a difference there's just not as
much deep deep nasteria know that before
I feel like it kind of really caved in
at way under my eyes you really think
about oh hey Jimmy come on go to town
yeah I'm feeling really really rough
today
really
good I just I'm so confused because I
feel I've had this whatever is like oh
now she's talking she's been so quiet
this whole because I'm talking she's
talking yeah I've had this for days and
also usually slowly held off and
today I feel worse and it's like the
fifth day or something basin's I'm
filming today he's filming a band which
should be really cool so I've got MD
today and I thought the drugs not be in
the house whole day so I'm headed to
town and yeah nothing that exciting I
hate saying that but honestly there's
nothing not exciting at the moment but I
feel like vlogging actually perks me up
a bit
so that's why I felt like having a bit
of a cool bit of a chat hey guys it's
Saturday and I'm just waiting for my
sister to come to get here Dani you guys
know Dani it's been a very long morning
good before I hit it's like 5:00 p.m.
already yeah and then I think we're
gonna go and get lunch together with the
babies I've had a few cool packages
today as well up chef but I should show
you guys well this came today it's the
lost eat and tear denim yeah but it
looks like this really pretty bottle
okay Danny's here
Noah's here we're on our way to town
together we had a little chat but mine
and yeah I think we're gonna get coffee
or hot drink or something oh my god why
so pale this car is it this camera it
makes me look so pale
it's January I guess daddy's just behind
me in the car who feel wondering can you
see little Indy so I'm going to the gym
in a few hours so I've got chicken
butterfly sweet potato wedges
I love paranoids I know it's not healthy
but it's so quick and he looked gorgeous
and Indies got her puffs
babies are so funny then straightening
out to acknowledge each other for me and
Danny just can't get through these more
per ultra sweet potato wedges they're so
big look this is my finger too big too
big mando so we've come into math Andy's
got a makeup brush we're getting so
excited about all the colors so me and
then he got some bits from maybe I'll
show you guys when I get home if we're
gonna go look at some books in water
stones because we're cool and then
I'm gonna go to the gym tonight me and
Sonny have just been bonding over Jamie
Genevieve because we both love her she's
amazing yeah she's amazing
that yarn√≠s and look at the length of my
hair it keeps not focusing there we go
look at that that's crazy
No hey guys I was gonna like show you my
hair and like do more vlogging tonight
but I just did an interline her about an
hour and I'm so poops now but I really
really enjoyed it but I just wanted to
sign off for tonight so yeah I think
I'll update you again in the morning but
yeah it's been a good day it's a little
bit crazy but so family as well but for
a dinner with my mom and stepdad just
prep him for next week no really real
thank you to everyone who came and thank
you to everyone who joined me for the
instant live I really enjoy doing them I
might might try make it a weekly think
maybe every Sunday but yeah I'll see you
guys in the morning I'm so pooped he's
gonna take my makeup off hey guys it's
actually Monday but I just wanted to I
just wanted to finish this vlog off I've
just been to the gym and I haven't done
my makeup here and stuff I just did the
intro to this video so I look a bit
familiar and these I placed an
authorized last night on ASOS and I got
these adidas leggings I really love them
they're like a burgundy color and I got
them in black as well they're so good
they're so comfy
this angle I can't really show you my
hair properly but and I've got a full
frontal and yeah I still need to any
just kind of settle onto me if that
makes sense like if you have frontals or
anything you kind of know I mean I was
going for like a balayage but it is a
little bit lighter than I was
which is what happened last time as well
but I might leave it because usually
when I try and tweak at home it just I
feel like I kind of ruined the hair so
yeah but you know I don't mind I like
being blonde
I just days very blend begins oh tier
trout update let me just turn you this
is rebuttal oh why didn't I just do it
here I've got a bit of concealer on just
to let you know I've had a bit of
bruising here and kind of here but I
feel like that's going down but you know
like when I put my head down I feel like
it's much like it's not as dark at all
obviously there's still some darkness I
can definitely see the difference
no one's commented and said like I look
different or anything which is
interesting I'm you know it's not that
noticable it's more like a personal
thing anyway I can feel it in there it's
weird I'm more used to it now though and
I don't feel it when I'm like talking
and moving my face around I don't notice
it pretty happy with that I thought I'd
just give you a bit of an update it's
been quite a few days I wanted to show
you this top that I got the jumper walls
kind of like a a really lightweight
jumper I got it from new look it says
love FEM I think it's so cute
it reminds me a little bit of like a
really budget Bella Freud but this was
like 20 pounds I think it's really cool
I can't wait to wear it yeah I said I'm
gonna go and do my makeup now thank you
guys so much for watching thank you as
well for tuning into my Instagram live I
loved it and yeah I'm gonna get started
now on vlogging this week and I hope oh
well don't forget to subscribe for more
videos give the video a like if you love
dude I think I'll see you next week I
guess bye
