hey guys we're just about to leave the
house and today I'm going over to my
sister Danny's house so Indy can see a
little cousin I'm so excited to see all
of them and they've moved house so I'm
so excited to see their new place I'm
out of breath cuz I've been running
around the house trying to get ready to
leave oh I just wanted to pop it in show
hey bubs and she like she always she
always cries non-stop in the car so oh I
think it's gonna take almost an hour to
get there and I'm dreading that she's
gonna be crying the whole way but yeah
wish me luck to the journey but yeah
he'll be worth it I think we're gonna
have a little walk into Windsor as well
which should be really nice maybe I'll
see you there or I see you in the car
and let's see how this goes it's my
first time doing the journey from where
we live now you want the camera grab it
so we made it to Danny's house Jesus
come in hey Dan
we're just gonna head out and go and get
some coffee and food I've always been oh
and India's very overtired she needs a
nap don't you you need a nap we've just
come across this gaggle of gray house
but this these people saves ex-racer
dogs which is amazing look at them
they're so gorgeous I'll link their
website down below
so we just start having a bit of food I
want myself a panini tuna but you've got
dumb bitch cheese relevant
my jealous so he's got so big danny has
the channel as well in case you haven't
seen it yeah you do lots of blogs is it
mainly books at the moment yeah
you'll be a mix I'll link it down below
in these and massive carrot sticks so
we're just going into water stones
because I really want to get a few more
baby books for indie she's getting
billed quickly what were you like ins
what your interests what your interests
Harry Potter yeah dad dad dad wait on in
town and we're just heading back to
Danny's and I'm gonna head home soon as
well because I'm so not get along with
me
yeah we've had a nice little cat charts
lovely I'm waiting and waiting for
indeed go to sleep she's not had her
Arzu not today she still awake
oh yeah I've got a few books from water
stains for her
we've just been having enough so really
okay I'll have a nice quiet ride home
she's asleep and then I do
Oh morning it has been a bit of a
difficult morning she got up about 6
a.m. she usually gets up used
to be 8 and then it's gradually got to
like half 7 and then this morning she
was up at like 6:00 are you waving
yes I am knackered and she's definitely
teething we can see her second tooth
coming through at the bottom so that's
why she's been you know like this like
non-stop he's super clingy but it's like
even when I pick her up she's just not
interested at all away again it's really
weird
so yeah bit of a stress I really want to
go out and have some mum time
we look a bit Trumpy put an odd clock a
bit higher because it needs to be in a
proper place
so this clock is from Newgate and it's
so nice and this print is from dicenio--
and I just put it in an old frame
because we have so many frames hey it
what they look so Tuesday no Monday it's
about probably two things and I'm just
waiting until Indies time enough for me
to put her down for a little nap and
building our kitchen chess kitchen table
chairs Jason is not me I just Wednesday
a bit off a proper uptakes I haven't
like it's been a little bit all over the
place as usual but I yesterday I don't
know it just started to get really
difficult to flog and I started being a
bit quick so just put nd down to sleep
so I don't want to wake her up her she's
like dropping off yeah I don't know I
just started feeling a bit crappy
yesterday and then we focus please get
the new cannon I need to upgrade my
camera and yeah like since the meeting
we've had we've been an obviously trying
to sort out childcare so that we can
both work like properly and it was it
was almost kind of set in stone and I
was gonna be able to have time to like
probably do work and focus on just like
everything that I need to do and then
last night it kind of
all caved in and I don't know I just
didn't help and I just I don't know I
just felt so like happy last night
because no kind of habits look again
just like child care and to sort that
out and all the while obviously with
what I do it's like I can't I can't
really I just have to keep going and
keep going you know like I can't just
keep stopping I don't want to live it
cuz I like staying up to date with
everything yes I don't know I just feel
really stressed out and then I've like
mentioned it in one of my other videos
and like in a blog post but I'm like I
just feel like I kind of have bouts of
like postpartum depression and I don't
know I feel like not some people talked
about on YouTube but not everyone so
it's not something like I really know
how to articulate on YouTube and B I
just wanted to be honest and I don't
know I think I struggle with it quite a
bit not all the time but sometimes like
it kind of comes and goes and so
honestly that's just how I've been
feeling especially today I've just had a
really rough day
it is Monday today and yeah it's been
feeling really crappy Jason's been we've
been helping she want to make me feel a
lot better and help out and as it no
like yeah he like he just knows that I
get really really stressed out when I
know that we're not gonna have any like
child care that we can't get things done
and say yes difficult when you wanted
like daily vlog as well and like so much
of YouTube is being like happy and like
hey guys and come along with me and
sometimes I'm just sitting there like
that when I cry and I hopefully I'll
like come out of this and it won't last
forever but there are just times when I
just I've read I feel like vlogging and
then it's a vicious cycle because I feel
guilty but I don't feel like vlogging
and that I'm not like filming and stuff
so yeah anyway that's my bit of an
update just sometimes it's a bit of a
struggle but yeah I'm gonna try and keep
on and try and stay positive
oh my way to shut some things for you
guys as well what I got for my birthday
and Oh bring that I don't have all of
the things with me right now but I'd
bring you around and show you the bits
and bobs but ya got some really nice
bits oh I'm so grateful one of them I
got with for myself and yesterday your
honor movement but I got this book
because I've seen it around a lot and it
looks like such a good book I also
watched the in the bathroom with with
Sally Hughes and Wendy row row row row
and I loved it like I I didn't know
about wait you know that's how I first
heard about this book by what chef Sally
Hughes this video I'm trying to get down
below but she's a makeup artist
basically like a very famous woman and
she's like famous for doing doing like
flawless skin and this book is like
first off how gorgeous is that cover but
yeah it's like focused on like good food
that looks actually quite easy to make
and that all the recipes kind of one
maybe not all of them but it's aimed
towards giving you like nice healthy
glowy skin and just like I think from
the inside as well like you know just
eating well so yeah I'll link that down
below if I can find it online I'm hoping
I feel so much better tomorrow and that
I can kind of come back in the next vlog
and be warm myself but that's just life
yeah if I do if you have any tips for
like dealing with PPD then please let me
know down below and it'll be really nice
to kind of have some I don't know other
perspectives on it because yeah oh you
guys haven't seen this pretty much they
have you so this is kind of a work in
progress but this is my kind of like my
dressing room wardrobe room and there's
loads of crap over there taking all that
but I just wanted to show you guys my
birthday bit so the first thing they
think I got myself are these gorgeous
shoes from Gani and I got these on net
support a so I'll try
I don't they have any left hey but um
yeah I try and link them down below by
there on the Gani
site or NetSupport a or wherever they
are but I loved them and I don't usually
like kits and Hills like I used to hate
them but I think because you know when
something becomes a trends then you see
it everywhere and then when they're on
they actually look quite cute what I
loved about these was the bow on the
back never seen that on any other shoes
and like done so well and such a nice
shape and then my gift from Jason
Moore's this this is from Messiah this
necklace and I really really wanted the
s initial pendant so he got that for me
and I didn't think he'd be able to get
it because I thought they were all sold
out but he got look at this how annoying
this is shellac and it's like peeling
off already
oh yeah this is from Jason so happy I
love it so much I usually I'm always
wearing it but at the moment it's on but
my little stand and I also got you know
bits of money and things which I'm so
grateful for and I was gonna get myself
a realization par dress with some of the
money but I can't choose like what one
to get so I would be able to show you
that but I'm cuz I'm like it's taking me
so long I'm like do I get something from
there or I really would love something
from Reformation as well so yeah there's
not actually not much to show you guys I
feel like I'm probably forgetting
something it's been a long day oh I
think in the next vlog maybe I'll show
you guys around the house a bit more as
well because I haven't really shown you
around but a little tour of this room I
love this print from dicenio-- I just
think it's so like to me it just shows
so much power I love it it's like this
ballet dancer pose and it's amazing I
would actually like it a lot bigger I
think it would be more impactful I got
these curtains the other day from H&M
home and I love how they kind of drape
to the floor and they look so light and
airy and then I've got a few bits on my
windowsill and then over here this is
what I've kind of been working that this
is my favorite part
well I love the curtains as well but
this plant I love it but it doesn't fit
in this plant pot which I got from H&M
home so I'm gonna have to find a
different one
then I've just got my sunglasses in this
which is I think also from H&M home this
book I got on my pride and trip this I
also got my Poland trip this is a J
Malone big like T and he is along
oh no golden needle t Cologne so nice
shoes mirror in here there's a top I
need to actually take it back for a
different size and then we got my stand
that's from home scents and that is from
Oliver bonus how do you say it is it
Oliver bonus I don't know and yeah
that's the wardrobe room at the moment
so yes apologies and I'll see you guys
in a little life I'll see you guys in
the next one bye
