hye-won we're gonna see we're gonna do
this
cinnamon tea is our cinnamon bonk about
for epic and okay okay
proof this is the ground cinnamon
because from Sainsbury's it won't focus
yeah but it is real
two tablespoons and a for a movie we've
already case we're sick but we need to
do some make a new later so aren't you
and you like it actually like yeah yeah
I'm shape I'm shaking
doesn't matter right oh I'm really sad
oh my god it's disgusting that is vile
that's my okay
that's disgusting well that was a fail
that was disgusting
no that's my lip you can't you can't
hear from me about the right and this is
the leftovers I tagged shyly we tagged
you said II have to do this with heavier
yeah both of you and we hope that you
don't die in the process chain before
you train but think of anyone to tap
every wonder if you're watching well
nobody before you went but if you're
watching you wanna do you can do the way
I talk to you do it
and good luck because this is what
happens you to put on yourself have you
enjoyed the video challenge we'll do
another one
yeah the chili powder yeah thanks so
much thanks for watching if you enjoyed
it master basically throw up and we have
a cleanup
I bet you'd have to like train to do it
what salt I can dribble down dribble of
cinnamon on the way top say sexy oh it's
a scotch
