hi guys so I thought I'd do a kind of
log not it I don't know I didn't know if
I should do this my main channel I think
I've already put up my vlog channel um
of how I dyed my hair and like stuff I
just this is how it looks like all of it
cuz I know you probably can't it wasn't
really a pullover at first but it's just
to apply over today
sorry I can't think what I'm saying
anyway I just really wanted to go all
blonde all over and just have a change
it's like new year new hair and stuff
and I just wanted to go really really
blonde and I haven't been blonde for
ages and I haven't died on that mine
actually half agisoft thought I'll just
go for it and I think if I do this video
on my vlog Channel then if you guys that
might ask on my main channel when I
upload a video I can direct you to this
video okay so basically I don't this
video to be ready you know I am
I have weave in and obviously I have my
natural hair leave out like the top
where the gap is Danny singing that's
like the way and right so I used I was
on tumblr I was like this does anyone
have any like suggestions because I
didn't want to dye my hair with bleached
it's going properly like orangie blunt
which it did last time I dyed it which
you probably remember on YouTube it went
quite orange which I didn't like
obviously don't want it to look for
oranjee um and there was a few
suggestions but someone said to use
smart blonde hair dye from super dog and
that she had black hair and it brought
it to just blondes and I was like I'm
not really good without like damaging it
as well so when I'm going and this is
the I wanted to ash blonde because I
wanted my hair to be like an ash blonde
kind of dark at one color but now I
don't mind it not the NT dark anyway I
got this from soup draaga don't think
you get it out beets correct me if I'm
wrong but I got this one it didn't have
that blonde one
cuz I was worried because I thought it
will go to like warm like that and I
wanted it to be more ashy um so yeah I
used this and it went quite it went like
pretty much how it is now but kind of
like this side more like slightly more
darker and a kind of a tint of orange
like not too oily but still a bit like
that
and then grace was over the other day
from a keyphrases beauty and then I like
dyed my hair again with her yeah I
thought it again this time right you had
to use the platinum blonde one of this
because they didn't have any that's the
only one they had in superdrug so I was
like barks I didn't want it to be like
really really blonde but she was like
don't worry it probably won't be that
blonde so this is that's how it's made
the hair and this is the Indian remy
virgin hair I think from two lengths
from Patricia Patricia Britt for
princess on YouTube she like got the
hair for me she's just amazing so I dyed
it and oh so this is how it looks at the
moment and I'm quite happy with it I'm
happier than I was last time when I dyed
my hair then I used the pattern on one
of this in my natural hair at the side
I left it in flips Li for minutes or
something because and when I had the
hair dye and I had to rush out the house
quickly start to take out and when I put
the dye in my natural hair and my
natural hair lightens really easily
really really quickly it lightens it
like a few shades from my natural hair
and it looked quite nice but it was
quite like it's in a bit mousy and then
in some lights my hair look quite dumb
you know more Brown more than the blonde
so I wanted it all to match so you can
keep up with all of it so today I used
one the Jerome Russell stuff in the
blonde the hair dye that more pier a lot
of people I hear quite a lot of people
use it and I put it in my hair and I
actually nearly cried and had a heart
attack my hair went like a brassy yellow
shiny boy like it was a horror else who
- blonde blonder than this because my
hair is quite light naturally so it just
went crazy so then after I don't know
what the books has gone I dyed it using
nice and easy
Mead so my car's got run out of memory
and thankfully it's ended up being very
similar to the the weave hair that's
weird
now because it was very very blond and
brassy and disgusting before so
I kind of wish I didn't dye my natural
hair again just because it wasn't the
color of it was quite okay anyway but
it's one of those things isn't it like
you took a chance and I've done the
wrong thing it was kind of teaches me
for the future so that's it and I've
dyed this hair like I dyed it twice in
two days which isn't good at all you
shouldn't do that but then wherever just
done it anyway I'm very impatient with
my hair when I want it a certain color
so that's what I done and as it's
extensions it's not like it's you know
ruining my natural hair
well that's part from these bits too
much so I just go for it
so yeah I'm quite happy with it and I
hope you guys like it most like my
family and friends and stuff like me of
lighter hair and I do as well I like
myself and whatever so that's good and
yes I would definitely definitely
recommend the smart beauty blondes stuff
better than the Jerome Russ Russell one
that you can get it like boots and so
you could look as well and it's like
this at the back says it goes from like
that to that but it just it works really
well it doesn't smell it doesn't have
that horrible bleach smell it smells
like almonds it's not it didn't make the
hair really dry which other one does and
it just really lightened it quite well
and without it going to orange so I
really really recommend this stuff from
superdrug I'm not sure where else you
can get it they do have a website online
which I'll put down both you and yeah I
wanna say thank you to the person on
tumblr that told me about it because I
wouldn't have known because I don't
always dye my hair especially not like
so oh and after I dyed it
I knew anyway that right to get the
brassiness out you want like a purple or
silvery shampoo to get out of the
coppery times I bought this from
superjock I was just literally like I
wanted a shampoo one of these shampoos
and I was just hunting down for it
didn't have a lot of time and I found
this and Superdrug it's this it is Provo
touchless silver they need maintenance
shampoo with ought to put optical
brightener oh my and it is purple when
it comes out you can't see but yeah
so I use that on my hair and then I use
my vo 5 those bottles that are like that
the new vo 5 range that they have
everywhere they give me moisture 1 and
it works really well and it does really
moisturize and then I also use Moroccan
oil and the frizzy stuff because I think
serum works well when you're trying to
get the head the curls to kind of stay
as well after it being washed so yes
sorry this was really really long this
is how I done my hair and everything I
hope that's everything and I just need
to keep it really conditioned because I
know everyone knows when the hair is
lighter it you know gets drier a lot
ease lot easier and you need to maintain
it a lot better and more so I hope that
kind of answered all your questions and
stuff and I hope you like it let me know
what you think it's not even cup of tea
because just isn't obviously but I like
it I like the bluntness and yeah if you
have any more questions leave them down
below and I'll try and answer them for
you so thank you for watching and yeah
happy new year everyone
okay bye
