I've won so this is the video that I
want to see if quite a while and it's
something that people always always ask
me about and I didn't know how to do on
my vlog channel or my main channel but
since it's a very talky one I just
thought I'd put on my vlog channel and
hopefully link people to it and it's
about my studies like when I studied
fashion styling at university um and I
think in the u.s. you guys would say
that I majored in fashion styling and
okay so I don't know like how I don't
know when like why I just like to just
do it basically and I got my ten ATC
GCSEs and then I got my a-levels
um at a level I done and psychology
because people ask like how I got what I
had to get to get to do fashion styling
and I never I done graphic design and
photography psychology and art and so Oh
from art I obviously had quite a big
portfolio from doing art you don't often
see a lot of artwork all the time and so
that's what I took to my interview when
I went to do when I went to the fashion
styling interview I actually wanted to
do fashion styling in London and
obviously it's like the best place to do
it in my opinion and at London cultural
fashion I went for the interview my
college didn't really prepare me much I
didn't know what to expect and they
looked at my work and they said okay you
need more practice go away and come back
again basically so I was like oh I
really got it and the only other place
that done it was Southampton Southampton
Solent so that's where I had the
interview and um so yeah I went for the
interview they just took up they took
our portfolios from us said go away for
half an hour and come back again and
then we'll I think it that's how you
found out if you were in it basically so
they looked at my portfolio and they
were like yep you can come in so I was
like yay and yeah it went downhill from
there basically okay I'm going to be
really honest about this I'm not going
to sugarcoat anything
because people wanted to know what my
experience was like what the Uni is like
and I always tell people what I actually
think and don't know if they'll watch
this or not but this is my opinion so I
done fashion styling hair makeup design
it's a free three-year course it's a BA
and I've passed it all and I'm waiting
for my graduation and yeah I finally
passed everything but hey so first year
I was living in halls and oh sorry what
yeah by trade has pierced them some
reason yeah
first year I was living in halls and
it's all fun you know you don't know
anyone I forgot sorry just before I went
to uni I done actually a year of Art
Foundation I'm sorry I totally forgot to
say that so that did also help I had my
portfolio from Art Foundation and my art
MA level and I probably showed both for
them I can't remember it was such a long
time ago and Art Foundation definitely
definitely helped and it was the most
fun year I've ever had in my education
so if you don't know if to do Art
Foundation which I think it was called
that do it so it's so good such a good
course and at the time I was like it's
alright but now looking back on right
now is read it um okay sorry stop
darling
okay so first year first year they what
was even like you do a lot of different
projects a week yeah we have like
projects that run for about six weeks or
something like that and you know you
complete them and you get grades and we
didn't like that that doesn't go at all
towards your final mark like in the
three years the first year doesn't count
at all so looking back I'm like I've got
someone effort into that work and we
done some make we have makeup classes
hair classes we learn about oh my god I
can't even remember but you learn about
the side of it that's like what you need
to do if you're hired for a job
freelance working as a fashion stylist
and all that jazz and our projects would
kind of be like we'd make a sketchbook
and we'd have a final outcome which
would be like a photo shoot which we do
ourself or we get photographers help and
because I studied photography before and
I done all all the
myself which was probably a bad thing so
they want you to work with people but I
was so stubborn and I was like I know
what I like so I'm doing my own
photography I done my own style in
photography makeup hair and you know I
found my own locations everything I've
done myself which maybe you should get
help with because that's what they want
then I don't know why they teach you the
class in about it if they want you to
get someone else to do it I don't know
anyway so first year to be honest didn't
learn that much and I it's you know
first year you're out a lot and drinking
a lot so there was a lot of times where
I'd be out drinking and I got lesson in
the morning and I'd be in class like but
um yeah oh we have lectures I can't like
explain every single bit of thing you
know everything we've done but basically
it was kind of like that second year and
was okay it went really fast it was the
second years when I realized that I
didn't like their kind of hair and
makeup classes because they didn't
really teach you March they done the
same thing over and over again you go in
and they're like okay today we're going
to do and we're going to do the perfect
base I'm like that's what we don't
a--first less than first year I didn't
enjoy hair that much it was okay I was
okay but you know it wasn't my passion
my preferred makeup but I had to kind of
I kind of struggled between knowing what
I prefer if I prefer fashion or the
makeup and because they try and get you
to start thinking about what job you're
going to go into once you finish and
that's what you your work will be geared
towards so if you like really like
makeup you'll do more makeup work maybe
makeup photoshoots and then you know
you're going to freelance makeup artist
or something second year you learn more
about kind of you learn more about you
know again what it's like to be in
industry and you get a lot of advice
from the tutors and stuff like that and
you know again lectures classes and
again the projects are like a photoshoot
outcome but you do and yeah so that one
okay like I've done quite a few photo
shoots and stuff it up
and okay and then Oh second year I moved
out um of holes because you have to kind
of and I was living in a flat that's
when you would have seen me make youtube
videos on I started making YouTube
videos and I was really really enjoying
that and I enjoyed making YouTube and
watching makeup tutorials on YouTube
like pixie woo and so much more than uni
and I actually have learnt more from
pixie woo candy Johnson and all these
people on YouTube then I ever learned at
uni and I can that is so like that's
what I promise and I tell that to
everyone I say it to my mom and she's
like okay so yeah and then second year
went by what I stayed in the same
accommodation and obvious went in to
third year third you'll apply really
quickly and now third years where it
starts getting very serious because all
the work you do actually does count and
I actually failed the first unit kind of
I failed and we had to go into a class
where they were like okay you need to
get your together basically because
otherwise you're going to fail the
course and I was like crap so you know
yeah the rest of the rest of the year I
did pass everything and it went okay
it's a lot of hard work it's a lot of
work a lot of you know you have a lot of
responsibilities especially because I
met I kept like wanting to do everything
myself cuz also stubborn you have to
source your own models and everything
and I you know I don't have tons of
friends or anything and so I found that
a bit hard so I'd like my sister and I
used for quite a lot of the shoots and I
only had a handful of models because I'm
quite shy to ask people so you have to
be like willing to talk to people
obviously and um stuff like that and
yeah the same kind of work you learn
about industry you learn about you do
have still have makeup classes but then
we'll get towards what you like what you
are interested in and are gonna do and
and I can't remember everything now
about all the lessons it's really hard
to explain but basically you learn about
what what it's like and what you'd have
to know to be a freelance fashion
stylist
and you could go it you could look into
like kind of working in a magazine or
working on you know shoots and stuff I
don't know you know or you could go and
you could look into a bit more than
makeup artist side of it and I didn't
personally know what I wanted to look
into most and I still don't really know
what I want to go into so I was a little
bit lost in that department but I know I
liked the style a just fashion styling
um and third years when I kind of
realized that I like the fashion a bit
more than the makeup I found the makeup
just you know it was alright but nothing
like it didn't amaze me anymore and
that's why I started also doing more
fashion videos on my YouTube because I
just realized that I liked I really was
getting more into the fashion side and
the shooter's would ask me what I want
to do okay do you want to go down if you
went to the magazine Sam would you want
to go down would you want to do beauty
or the fashion I was like I don't know a
bit of both like but then I guess saying
now I probably go more into the fashion
um I personally didn't find d2 is that
helpful because I don't know I felt like
they had their favorite it's like when
you're back at school and I'm quite a
shy person I won't just jump in their
face and be like can you help me but you
know and yeah you'd have to do sometimes
presentations and stuff like that which
scared the crap out of me
I hate presentations so much and yeah I
hope I'm not going off on a tangent
anyway at the end of the third year
obviously and I all my work I've done it
all got it all handed in and came back a
few weeks later when you can pick up
your work oh you didn't hand in that
work I was like what
they basically lost a few pieces of my
work which would have meant that I
failed I would have failed and I was
like I was crying I was in tears I went
into the tooth and she was like are you
sure you didn't just like glues there or
miss pay sales like no I handed it in
so that was such a headache and I had to
appeal and everything because they lost
my work so that was a really really big
nightmare because it wasn't even my full
as you can imagine also stress
doubt and yeah so they lost my work and
I know they lost quite a few people's
work my friends work they lost another
time and that wasn't hurtful and it was
just quite bad and I don't know I didn't
really learn that much to be totally
honest I didn't learn that much and I
think if you want to be a fashion
stylist you want to work in a magazine
and you want to do that kind if you
think that you need this course to go
into a job I personally don't think you
need to do a course like this you can go
you can start working in say a magazine
and you can work your way up or if you
know people that work in fashion that's
great because it's all about who you
know at the end of the day it really is
and you know but I think if you really
really are into fashion then you're kind
of set anyway because if you love it
enough you will persevere in that and
yeah to get into a course like that if
you do want to do it um I think you just
need a decent portfolio show you that
you can my portfolio just had work in it
that was my favorite pieces of work you
know and that you don't have to do a lot
of drawing in this course so fashion
designs different you're probably doing
love drawing in that course you can do
drawing in this one but you don't have
to we usually work from I think cause a
four or a free sketchbooks so you kind
of fill that of whatever you like and
most of mine was magazine cutouts
because you kind of you know to show to
it's very visual so to show what you're
trying to talk about and stuff and I
used a lot of magazine cutouts all my
final thing was a magazine oh my god so
I just went to look for the magazine
that was my FN p which is final major
project on in a third year at the end I
couldn't find it so um I've got my
portfolio which is what we also had to
you know was our outcome at the end of
the third year my portfolio and I guess
it's kind of okay to me sure you um oh
I'll just show you some photos from it
if you're am interested this one is of
Danny and we were in Paris at the time
and so I
that's just a business card owner so
yeah that's a photo I took of Danny and
near the Eiffel Tower
um she's wearing a mighty maxi dress and
these two I'm poor in London this one
can't be straight and this one is like
at the pink door and Carnaby Street
you've probably seen it if you're gonna
be sweet and these two actually as an f2
mine's he's showing it sure watching
channel I hope we don't mind me showing
this photo um it's Shannon from Shannon
isn't it she modeled for me as well and
took these photos um the other good ones
so no so no I'm not as proud of this is
also a friend actually let me do this
makeup on her which was quite this was
fun and I know when Illamasqua came
today and uni and they kind of had a
competition and that's the makeup I done
but I didn't win this um yeah
also another friend Tish she left she
little to me she let me take started
photos
so it's kind of like that that's the
outcome that you know a lot of them had
mine isn't very good at all compared to
some of the other people's some of their
work is amazing and I look at mine and
I'm like basically that's everything I
probably because I didn't plan this
video out I haven't got points to talk
about or anything I might have missing
things out but and I hope it did help if
you're wondering about my course and so
overall I did enjoy my course I don't
think no I didn't like the tutors are
you know teaching um I don't feel like I
learned that much I learned I learned
some things but I think you can learn so
much more from being an industry
seriously and you know also if you're
worried about the the tuition fees now
and I don't think it's worth it at all
so that's just my my opinion and that's
probably really bad but uh you know I
gotta be honest um you know I picked up
some goods probably I picked up some
good tips and techniques from the course
which I probably don't even realize um
you know but in the long run I looking
back I wish that I have just gone into
industry and not on the course and but
it is good to go to uni you kind of get
the sense of freedom and you you know
you obviously you have a lot more
responsibilities you learn a lot more
about value or you know the value of
money obviously because you know you
haven't got your help with your parents
or anything so you know that's my kind
of roundup of it and yeah when people
ask me I don't really recommend the
course no but I do think the course in
London might be better it might not be
um I don't know
but I don't know I don't know if you I
think if you're going to go for if
you're going to choose between the
Southampton and London courses I would
definitely go for the London course but
then it might be more expensive to stay
in London obviously so um yeah there's a
lots of pros and cons I hope you found
that helpful it will be a lot of it just
me moaning but um yeah it was all right
old people also ask what I'm going to do
now I'm looking to obviously going to
like going to work I hopefully my course
will kind of help me with whatever I
want to go into I kind of am interested
in working magazine I'm kind of
interested in just working with a
company I'm really not sure at all and
it's very daunting when you come out of
uni because you're like okay what the
hell do I do you know and will people
take me and another thing they do teach
you in the course is how to cope with
interviews and stuff like that but it
was just one lecture so it really helped
so let me know if your opinions if
you've been to that uni if you've done
something like that course if you if you
know what the London course is like let
everyone know and yeah thank you for
watching bye
