hi guys say this is a random video but
well it's for my vlog Channel so it's
coming a bit random it's a quick update
I on braid my hair but because it was
going from like quite dark brown to
blonde and it owns it very blond it's
kind of God obviously a bit like orange
II and brassy but please don't touch me
and I don't know what to do I don't have
to keep it like this for a while we're
going to like a dark ash blonde kind of
color I don't know if that will even
work but anyway I am aware that it's a
bit orangey so don't judge me but yeah I
thought I'd give it a go anyway and I've
just cut a little like side fringing my
sister on my mom's just gone away so I'm
kind of lonely right now so I thought
I'd film and yeah and I've got to go out
soon so I better make this speedy anyway
I'm a massive film geek like a film buff
I love films and I don't know it's just
something about me like if you didn't
know I'm very into films and that's that
I thought I'd show you like my top
favorite films and I have like if you
can see up there up there like is all my
DVDs so and that's quite a lot so I was
going through them and I was like that
one that one that one that one and I've
got quite a lot so sorry if it's really
long so oh then in no order at all
they're just all ones that I like so
yeah and start with Disney films I love
Alice I love all I love all over me I
don't like Pinocchio as much because it
really freaks me out like why is he
capturing children and turning them into
animals Oh Alice in Wonderland I love it
I'll add in I love Aladdin I love Genie
oh I love Mulan as well I love loads
Hercules funny I love Hades and The
Little Mermaid this is like my all-time
favorite The Little Mermaid ok the
notebook or this is like our generations
classic we love film I think it's just
if you haven't seen it you have to see
it even if you're a boy you have to see
it it's really good and it's it
I never cry I never cry in films this
actually made me cry at the end
zodiac one of my favorite like more
serious films and it's really weird but
I find it quite interesting the whole
like serial killer and you've got to
hunt them down and find her is kind of
films and it's like that and Khamenei
what Jake Gyllenhaal and okay this is
really weird
I actually have a crush on Robert died
jr. but don't judge me and I like him
but really good film really good film
it's quite long but it's a must-see
thriller and deaf West Potter I love
this film I could watch this all day
it's it's based around fashion and it's
about you know this girl and she has she
goes to work in like the equivalent of
vote that she doesn't know who the you
know editor-in-chief is and she I don't
know I can't explain it but I a lot of
you're probably seen it and I really
love this film and it's really good
actors in at Mel's treatment and half
away yeah um but yeah she gets into
fashion and then yeah ah one of my
favorite all-time West just rolling
around all-time comedies and come on I
love this film so much Oh Will Ferrell
yeah I I love my students don't like all
of his films but I think this is my
favorite of his films every scene makes
me laugh it's like I'd be laughing the
whole way through and it's got a what's
his name
Oh what's his name wait wait wait anyway
it's got heaven up and I love him and
he's and friends and it's just got a
regal cast it's just so funny School of
Rock I love this song so much that mains
really annoying me
Oh what is his name I'm such an idiot
um Chuck black I love that black it's
burning and I love this film
it's another film I could watch all day
I just I don't know why me my sister
loved it so much but yeah
see it please the strangers one of my
favorite one of mine of my sister's
again favorite as scary films it's
really I think it's really good a lot of
people don't like it but you know it's
everyone's different opinion really it's
just it's very we think it's quite
realistic because it's like based just
around the house and people like you
know scaring them basically in the house
and I don't know it could have kind of
happened to you and that's what it is
freaky about it but the strangers yeah
what is his name I bet some of you are
like that's his name what is it okay
series are unfortunate events I love the
sauce one of my favorite films I read I
haven't read all the series yet I'm I
read like halfway through the series
before I watched the film the film kind
of includes the first three books that I
just say watch the film I read the the
film includes the first three books but
they kind of mess it around a little bit
and do it their own way but I love it I
love everything about this film I love
Jim Carrey I love that actors actresses
and I love the design of the whole film
the costumes everything about it is
really well made Batman The Dark Knight
another all-time favorite and I can't
wait for the next film um I'm sure a lot
of you have seen this but they're
bringing up the next one in next year
sorry always next year
yes Dark Knight is a really really good
film Forgetting Sarah Marshall one of my
favorite comedies I love Russell Brand
um and I like him I don't like him and
everything but he's funny in this and
Mila Kunis is in it and I love her so
yeah this is so funny please see it if
you haven't seen it it's another fun
that makes me laugh all the way through
and the breakup one of my all-time
favorites he's like one of my favorites
but I love this I love Jennifer Aniston
and I love Vince for and and I just I
love it so much because it's not really
soapy it's more
realistic and about the breakup rather
than falling in laughs and blah blah
blah
and yeah it's really not sloppy so if
you think it's sloppy it's really not
watch it it's a really good nut I love
this film sorry I keep saying that but
um it's a proper like London gangster
film and I watched look stock and free
Smoking Barrels I prefer snatch this is
the second one yeah and it's got a
horse's face Brad Pitt in it and I like
he's really good in it they're all
really good and it's a team but it's not
it's not really like violent or anything
it's just I think it's because it has
like drugs and stuff in it it doesn't
really have a lot I don't know it
doesn't have a lot of bad stuff in it I
don't know why it's an 18 probably the
guns and stuff but you have to see this
you have to see it like I don't know if
you eat I don't know if a lot of
Americans or anywhere else would have
watched this but if you don't know
you're if you're interested in London
gangster films you'll love this Ace
Ventura I love Jim Carrey and I think
this is one of the funniest clones he's
done and I love Dumb and Dumber as well
so I love the film classic shutter
Islands really good film I love this
film and he brought out this and
Inception quite close together it's just
a really good like thriller and you're
trying it again you're trying to work
out what's going on I love films like
that
so shutter island' a must-see and
Inception I've got outside where it is I
think is that Ricky's house or something
you have to see inception if you haven't
seen it I know it's last year's like big
blockbuster it's the I love it I love it
so much that the cast as well is amazing
um I get to be passionate and I you have
to see this and inception and I love
Leonardo DiCaprio as well put your own
version Oh his name is named Steve
Carell there we go I love this film and
this is when I first kind of started to
know about him after Bruce Almighty and
I just I loved him in it it's so funny
you have to see 40 year old virgin 3 go
comedy it title says it already 500 days
of summer
I like this film
again because it's not a really typical
lovey-dovey film like the night books
lovey-dovey but it's it's so well made
that it's not like like lovey-dovey but
anyway this is different again the way
it's made is different as well it flicks
back and forward between times and the
relationship and you know when it
they're not in a relationship and it's
just more real in the emotions and how
people actually feel yeah and I love
Joseph gordon-levitt because he's
gorgeous um yeah hangover really good
comedy and weirdly enough okay everyone
else's film the first time I saw this
film I was like that's okay that's okay
like you didn't make me laugh loads and
then for some reason I watched it again
a second time and I was laughing so much
and I loved it I liked it better than
the second ones I know there's that I
saw the second one in cinema Molly of a
month but I prefer this one and yes you
have to see it again if you haven't and
he is so funny
I love him Black Swan is one of my
favorite films this year and I have to
get the DVD because it's such a stunning
film everything about it again like the
way it's made the costumes the makeup
were well not the makeup my way through
but yeah just the octane has got Mila
Kunis in it again and I love her as well
Natalie Portman she's really good
actress
yeah oh it looks on my face Matrix
Reloaded
I love the matrix cuz I like I like a
lot of sci-fi films oh I love Star Wars
as well it's somewhere I love everything
about this all the action and just get
the idea of it I love cuz it's different
and it's just really cool yeah oh they
finished laiá laiá because I love Jim
Carrey and it's such a good film and I
think this in Pet Detective is like my
favorite of his I like Bruce on my ear
as well but this is him in his heyday
and it's such a good film you've
probably all seen
just some of them if you haven't seen
them it might give you an idea of like
what to watch because are we good and
super bad this is really funny
this is one of my favorite of the like
you know these these guys they make a
lot of films like Oh flippin are like
knocked up and I think I'm forgetting
sarah marshall and they've just made
some of paul as well but this is like
some of my what this is my favorite of
the films that they made I'm pretty sure
it's just such a good classic it's such
a goods like teenager comedy a bit like
you know like Mean Girls as well I like
Mean Girls as well but I guess I think
that's one of my favorites I love it but
yeah alright this looks really good I
know it's just pretty funny I think that
is everything all over launch of DVDs
whoops I will select dodgeball it's off
my shelf if I showed you all my favorite
films I'd be here all day but they're my
probably my proper favorites oh my god I
forgot where is it The Nightmare Before
Christmas
such a good film I love it I watch it
all year round I love it so much this is
like the deluxe edition um yeah I love
Tim Burton I live let anything timber
and I also lost Sweeney Todd because I
love like dark films and stuff like that
I love it I love it
so yeah they oh if I forgotten another
favorite that's a really obvious one of
my foot in it I'll put it down below so
yeah um I hope you liked this video I'd
love to see video responses off you
guys's that make sense
favourite films because I really
interfilm so any that you suggest let me
know and I'm sorry if I didn't go into
detail about all the films that's
because there's so many to show if I
went into detail about all of them we'd
be here all day but yeah I think that's
everything so thank you for watching
this random video let me know if you
liked it or if you'd like to see more
like this like my favorite random this
and random that yeah so I will see you
in another video bye
