had one and I'm here live death chain
and we are having a nice in starbucks I
should probably hear i'm also a move
daniela casino on high or just animals
i'm going to you Jennifer Jennifer
question so how are you okay so what do
you do tell us a bit about your
songwriting Anthony it starts up a
question is what do you do what do you
like to do why right song
it's really rare people come to my game
bring along I've been swollen as well
right now that's what I want to do my
life tell us of your hobbies my hobbies
concerns of standing in the men's that
she topshop and look at that boys going
to proclaim and listen up boys sat on
the music shop and this analysis of
taking pictures of Daniel I wanna insert
a picture
making cup of tea that mom and sirna
picking up mrs. in window
like the horses what's your favorite
type of course oh the horse shows is it
an hour of course a lot of the Queen's
horse-pond the other day pretty nice
she's sad she saw the Queen West LePage
is really sure and she had like this bar
with me and she's wearing a mask our
fatherhood what's your favorite quote to
be lost as liberating I never know when
I might find whoa how would you explain
your style I'm like I'm a big run on a
bit like I get up I don't care and
forever I don't follow anything that I
just like shut Arthur and leggings and
denim jackets and down shirt and denim
thing and having to another we're
cooking do I really think I don't i Doan
what I'm going to touch with my dresses
among others I just really they back
here we go again you're really laid-back
me yeah I'm my style pretty brown just
until vapor will be
painful but like the style might be made
around town me that you know yeah
porsche you Johnny Gill yeah well I like
have a strong you on that you see I
personally think that walking around
making it fine it's something that
everyone does everyone should do it's
something we've all done a one point in
our life especially on earth I like talk
about Nathan yeah but that muscles
around evening who are your influences
daily metro beautycrush fog what she
thinks a really bad fashion mistake
there Jean Brown doses yeah I mine is
denim skirt right there walks effective
area of mine I'm what scanning my life
actually enough why did you wear
whatever you on
one tell you what to wear daily oh boy
you're perpetuating this is happening in
the 70s Germany pets this is such a
relative you protecting her I use have a
dog Bruno we name from a probe renault
though you died in varying the
gardener's two days off after people
though top three items of makeup you who
live above once okay mechanisation
scholar and eyebrow pencil or which I've
got to bring me push your favorite
restoring a million lashes might as well
put a test on fuel now go on well I
question if you're a Bertie mateship
probably show home ok cool I like that
one too much yeah phone listen to any
song she's lot youtube channel or link
down below and thank you very much for
your time
fine
