hi guys I thought I'd do a vlog I
haven't looked for a while again feel
really 60s today of my hair oh that's it
right I want to talk about my hair ok so
good hitters police siren it's really
annoying my hair ok so some people are
getting confused because my hair keeps
changing and I don't blame them to be
pissed
ok so basically like I keep well I say
in a lot of my videos a bit first one
that I wear clip in extensions ok like
most of my life I've mourned clip in
extensions well not most of my life oh
my god this look is so spaced out right
I were actually in attentions ok and but
the last hair I have the curly hair that
was a week that was a full head Sonam
weave so that lasted quite long compared
to other clip in extensions that in the
hair started getting really scraggly and
it does I be honest I don't look after
my hair as well as you should
so it's probably my fault to be honest
but anyways so in my video should
probably saw my hair getting shorter and
shorter and that's because it looks so
dry and damaged so I was like that keep
cutting it so it doesn't look so bad
then it ended up with like Rihanna
cut like so shocks it looks so bad and
then I tried to take out right and
here's the bad part because my mom
usually helps me to take it out because
obviously I can't see the back of my
heads like I can't do it myself
and so she tries to do it and usually
it's fine usually it takes about maybe 2
hours to get it all out an hour 2 hours
depending on the weave this time oh my
god
the woman done it so badly it was like
it wasn't even normal came low because
the way they do is like they came or
your hair and they in my hair they add
in some like synthetic hair as well
because I think my hair is not thick
enough or something and then
like so in you know the weave the tracks
she's came read my hair so badly it
didn't even make sense and it took us
about two weeks to get it all out like I
mean some day you know some days I
wasn't at home I couldn't do it and we
like worked on it during the two weeks
trying it out it was total nightmare
ah so I really wouldn't recommend going
to trendsetters in Southampton to get
your thought of what you've done because
it was so bad and loads of my hair now
is like falling out like the amount of
hair I have it's halfed after having
this full head of weave and it's just
ridiculous and I summer if you are
thinking why did you go to those lengths
and like to ruin your hair and office I
didn't know I was gonna happen and it's
usually it doesn't happen like that um
but I just I don't want help we for like
a long time but that was the first we've
I'd had since about flippin two years
ago a few years ago two to three years
ago that's the last time I had weave
anyways so cutting my hair all the hair
out well and my hair's really damaged at
the moment or trying to baby it now
because I was gonna show all of you
might not show her but uh not now
because she's ruined it um anyway yeah
so now I bought some hair and what some
hair before I even took the weave out so
I was like I need new hair I got two
packs right of hair this hair I got this
from a place in Slough but I don't
recommend I don't recommend this hair
cuz I've had a lot of different types of
hair in this hair I can just feel that
it's not gonna last that long then
anyway um this hair is good color six
five but it's a little bit ready gingery
but as I paired at my not and I got it
in the length 18 and then I got another
packet of hair which is like a shade
lighter which is more blonde
as you can see same length and then I
cut this hair to about a 16 length which
is like you know obviously you can see a
few inches
a few inches shorter than this hair
because I wanted to get the ombre effect
by not going through all the dyeing
process and that so I've kind of tried
to get the ombre effect by just layering
on sorry I put the blonde hair more at
the bottom and put the darker hair on
top this makes me Salman it's so fake
and yeah and yes I cut this hair and
then I have the blonder hair at the
bottom so it looks kind of Andre say
yeah that's my hair at the moment um
sunk because I think some people thought
like you know when I have my short
Rihanna here they thought that was my
natural hair that's not even my natural
hair either um so yeah it is confusing
um but I do want to show you guys my
natural hair it's just gonna take a
while now so I want it to grow yeah so
that's it really just want to give an
update on my hair cuz I know it's really
confusing and suddenly it's like really
long from Rihanna car and it's like what
the hell was going on I hope but that is
the deal I want to go lighter for summer
spring/summer so this is my like I don't
really want to go that much later than
this but I do love blonde hair I like it
on me so I'm but I don't want to go to
blonde very much but yeah so that's
about it oh also I'm really liking like
the more natural look like not eyeliner
look on me at the moment I don't know
how long that all ask though but tell me
if you tell me if you think I should do
it more right without the wind lioness I
vote I've just got mascara on like
nothing else on my eyes hurts yeah as
soon as sidious the other day I thought
it was good I thought the first half of
the film is really scaring and scarier
than the second
the film and it was good and all that
sound like okay yeah I'll try my think
what else I have you know a uni deadline
this week and I've got a uni done
I've got my last ever you need to add
line on the 9th which is Monday I cannot
wait I want to get my work handy did and
I'm gonna be so happy and then I can
make even more videos because I'm least
stressed out other than my room um let
me know if you want to see some of my
uni work I don't know where I should
show you or not tell me if you want to
see it because I can put some photos in
and stuff but yeah thank you for
watching and I hope you're doing well
yeah bye
