hey guys alright um today we're gonna do
like how to look your best and so I'm
gonna do my sister's makeup yeah and
yeah it's gonna look propagate she's
gonna do mine or summat my hair looks so
good I know it looks really cause it
really was really large yes this is just
so hot that I'm really happy right now
join there than you okay yeah um so
anyway I'm using this Mac foundation I
usually just use muds so you know this
is anyway it's what is it something in
the madness like makes you look like
perfect well this is a quite light one
so what we're gonna do is if you maybe
make it a bit more yeah does it make you
look better than everyone else
yeah of course yeah I don't want to
little right I want to look better
yeah we all do baby all right don't put
the hair back just kind of get out your
face that's all you want and then don't
use a brush or anything cuz easier you
want it to look natural when you wash
and make it look like yeah I know you
know yeah and you know we don't know if
you can see that little bit all that
looks lovely one night yeah that me more
yeah hello then I don't like it on
that's the best way to go you know I
keep laughing I don't even know I know I
like it about it hon oh I'm just so
excited you know look at that
I just you know I'm in shock right now I
love it that's why I'm so happy night
glad you know I know
okay you don't want to put it into the
neck it's gonna you don't not supposed
yeah stupid yes so what we're going to
do is just at the site if you turn your
Oh
right just you just got your hand down
across like that all right
so then you can see that your naturally
or you know orange if they already yeah
but we all know that we are really
naturally orange and what I was thinking
I normally kind of just do it softly but
do you say kind of wipe that okay I said
I'm totally a good line coming on
privately why come on let's do this
properly I don't know oh yeah I love the
contrast between the white that's all me
I mean for bit of contrast you know
looks like even on holidays New York
home or somewhere aspire anywhere in
Spain yes I love Spain anyway that's the
foundation John you know if you have a
bit more just just do that you know just
right now they don't rub it in though I
have no idea yeah yeah like me like you
know lines are slimming you know so max
Stern lines what I'm gonna do now babe
darling that looks absolutely stunning I
love it now gonna use a bit of concealer
so good at makeup hair I know I love it
and then just you know whack it on to
hear what they for Kim Kardashian things
so just like oh she's stunning and she's
so pretty that one she's so natural you
know that's what we're going for
IIT shocking though you know how much
will she know I know I know oh no no
just like how I do
just dab that in roughly doesn't matter
if it looks a bit fit because that's how
she looks but she's obviously naturally
like that but if she liked any plastic
surgery I was moving so she's well you
know going for like a Greek goddess
thing right or like you've been tanning
in Bournemouth
you know because it's time we're
together way and I zama so I got another
Mac bronzer here hmm
I'm just some brush and then right what
we're going to do now is gonna make it
look like it's contoured
so just yeah cuz I see girls a bit like
they have just like a brown line and
like yeah it looks really nice because
it looks natural as well cuz the Sun we
naturally have linesman and like when
the Sun hits the cheek I like it when it
goes out there you know but it never
happens on a beach she was after I know
okay so you always have to do it like
that would you brush but oh well you
know whatever old Alex done minute
because the Sun hits you hear all that
looks so pretty lit you know and then I
say put a bit on your neck shall we put
it on your neck okay yeah he's blind
cool okay the one thing I love about
it's looks so natural it's a bit fake
all and I know that I know bit Daniel
knows yeah okay and I love it I'm gonna
be involved one day you know I'm looking
like oh okay
oh well yeah no that's even better yeah
now what we're gonna do is taking some
liner because you want to look like
you're one of those 50s girls you know
at the same time that's really hot and
then fifties girls like Marilyn Monroe
oh yeah but like real real it's hand one
yeah yes okay and then don't just whack
it on like don't don't just like this
dip out and here we go so you know don't
worry about it being thick you need
people to see it and then where the line
is you know it don't have to be perfect
you know that looks beautiful I love it
the more you put on the bear it looks
yeah yeah I love that I sure I just like
your paint in paint-by-numbers yeah I
think it once actually put in um I was
thinking of putting numbers on my face
would be easier to do
that would be yeah tattoo yeah yeah
doesn't want me to tell my eyes any case
it goes much at all oh that looks
something wrong why no I'm gonna be
famous looking like this then you're
gonna take your coal which you know if
it's like that who cares it's better
light eyes and just yeah yeah then what
we're gonna do that scraping your eye
yeah look up to me and then go
underneath because you want it to be
able smokey and you know uh Kim
Kardashian's ass smokey eye
yeah yeah she's a smoking doesn't matter
night or day baby and you see some guys
I look so pale and it's unreal isn't it
yeah as Horrible's just it's just no one
should be pale and it's not not mean
it's not natural we are all supposed to
be this shades I love this shade not
even that show you can even go a bit
darker than this you know
Jackie the way before him let's do my
brows oh yeah okay just use black again
oh oh it's all an out okay where's a
shot sharpen it sharpen it lodestones
I think I look like Kim Kardashian sing
no we all do just a bit longer hair and
I'm her yeah then just you know go along
the line that is already but it's nice
to have them quite long like that you
know quite a lot clearer I went out last
night and I had yeah yeah I was all
right get it all the way down yeah yeah
keep going along you want to really
define it make it look yeah make it look
like that it's funny though because my
hair is my natural hair is a black isn't
it no I don't really know and it's
wearing off
yeah who knows what then yeah I don't
know
basically like that and then all that so
what are we gonna do the lips is because
we don't want it to go like you want to
look quite casual you know we're not
going to go for a red because it's too
classy and you know like not classy but
like you're going out yeah on the
razzle-dazzle so we're gonna go of this
it's called Vegas volt and it's like a
little bit more Orange
and you want to go outside your lip so
it looks like your lips even bigger oh
that you know like you haven't even had
surgery like make it look effortless you
had surgery
yeah but we all have you want it to look
natural but I'm proud of having surgery
you know well you know everyone's
different yeah on my lip so I think it's
a good they go another than the hair
just you know I look so hard look like
bed hair you know you can just see at
the side just turn your heads see that
that is flipping like gosh wait I know
once you got the line you're in you know
I got it I really like okay so that's
how she's gonna put more area let's make
you look like Kim Kardashian because
that's what we all like because
apparently she's like the best yeah
she's the only person the only pretty
person ever
yeah I think so right I think anyone
that's prettier than us no no and cuz
she's totally natural it's just so
inspiring actually yeah she inspires me
so much and I wanna be just like oh she
inspires me get more sad for you yeah
done extensions yeah sit you know all
doesn't matter if it comes out just adds
to the natural effects you know that it
just isn't moving it can move it don't
know if you continue clips does it no
it's fine it's like no one's looking
that much just always you know like
you're modeling like that and you kind
of hide the clip yeah yeah you know
every now and again you can flick it
really like yeah it's really nice and it
looks gonna need about two trucks you
don't really need you don't need a lot
being sure that its natural yeah and I
like I'm in full I don't want it to look
fake no I want to look not true I think
it looks really nice yeah I'm so proud
always just add a little bit of blush
shall we oh we forgot the blush yeah Oh
should I do a turn just so you can see
the back yeah yeah that's gorgeous baby
us about that I love it that's the
grounds over here back it is yeah my
wages let's just you know talk on this
so it looks like you're really girly as
well I love that when it looks so
obvious yeah yeah like it looks almost
like you are but you want it yeah yeah
you are the dose like you're Kim
Kardashian but you're also Barbie yeah
but it's like you're the fake version of
Kim Kardashian a natural way yeah and
I'm all pink Wow yeah and I'll think of
a dye my hair blonde as well yeah but so
not even half blonde half glass yeah oh
yeah like black hair blonde hair just
everywhere well recess from strand
that's blonde yeah
fasik joining me now I think that looks
lovely
yeah I'm so proud so glad you like it
I look better than the girls and anyways
Essex don't I yeah you do I don't know
yes
okay next we're gonna do and she's got a
name and yeah this this is gonna be my
best way of doing makeup so yeah keep
watching
you can take your eyes off me right
hey guys I hope you liked the video um
it was just for jokes really and it was
so fun to have to do so yeah basically
we were trying to say this is how you
supposed to not look really hmm - yeah
let's face it they're basically just
really exaggerated but what we you see
some people looking like sometimes I
guess obvious how that noise but yeah
you're all tagged so if you want to do
it leave it as video response and and
just remember to not leave a line and
don't use this much bronzer don't do
that to your I don't use a foundation
that's two doctors given color please
put the lipstick inside the lips and not
like that and please put don't just
don't do it just don't just stop it
really
Spidey I'm gonna wash yourself cuz I'm
it like it Wow we're gonna go any
college watching okay so I'm thanks for
watching and if you were they call this
aren't you okay so yeah see sick walk
see you in our next videos bye work
