hey guys and this is a really really
random video but hopefully you like it
I'm going out tonight with my friend
Jenny I haven't seen her for ages so
excited and i thought i'd show you my
outfit because i just threw it together
and I thought it looks like youtubable
high as I'll show it to you lot okay so
basically my hair is like this like to
the side I've pinned up at the side in
the back and then a slight loose curls
like that and then all my eyes is what
Oh rice paper on my eye and then honey
lost eyeshadow on my on top and that's
it and then liner and mascara and on my
cheeks is benefit coralista the
bourgeois bronzer looks like chocolate a
contoured highlighted this is so long to
go into it I don't know if you want to
know everything and then on my lips I've
got shy girl by Mac and definitely
stylish lip gloss like a nude look i'm
going for earrings are from H&M yeah
okay and then my outfit trying to show
you now okay so this is what I'm wearing
and these are like really not flattering
for this part of the body but i'll try
and work with it and so I'm wearing this
tank top so- tank top which is just from
Topshop just plain white and then this
blazer which should have little shoulder
pads is from H&M and it's like her is it
waterful getting at the front that's so
embarrassing but that wrong and it's
cropped and then just prime up belt as
always then I've got on these Korean
pants which are from H&M so yeah they're
not the most flattering but I just like
the the
the pattern and then I'm wearing these I
haven't tried the market but I'm wearing
the user her shoes from Urban Outfitters
so yeah that's my outfit probably with a
brown satchel bag cuz I don't have any
bags of me at the moment so yeah I hope
you liked it um just doing this ring
from boots and that's it really um yeah
so yeah just a quick little video ready
to show you that I liked it and i'll see
you next time bye
