hey guys it's been ages I haven't
floated ages and I went to daily vlog
during September or every other day vlog
I won't do it two days out of time now
we're in like so much I don't know
they're just in so much more wetter
house as well to to flock in like in the
way that I just feel more organized here
so I think that one come through in the
vlogs hopefully I've just woken up oh
just woken up like five ten minutes ago
oh oh no I never get a minute to like
like I can't wake up and sit in bed
these days because like indeed like what
she's up she's shorts to come downstairs
where she's crying and stuff so I got to
get her bring her down and then I give
her a porridge I make myself a coffee
and we get on with the day really yes so
ins is just behind me and spray
morning it's given us some small bits of
necks ring she loves nectarine and plums
and fruits like that oh yeah we got
we've got some a few new bits from
Tommee Tippee and this is so good like
these bowls just where this comes up but
the bowl suction so easily to the to
this mat so yes first time I put a
little Bowl in front the protis really
cute good girl she drops most of them
down her
okay hold up this ad that was just on I
just I can't believe things like this
exist
like okay so firstly why is there an ad
for a cat like to encourage kids I know
you probably all have a go at me because
my job is like this but it's like you're
encouraging kids to take selfies and
also why is the boy have a blue camera
and the girl has a pink just make it
middle like who cares what color is it's
just a Camry you don't need a pink one
for a girl don't you use those please no
selfies until you're maybe 16 it's funny
because she's wearing pink but she also
she has this same onesie in blue it's
just yeah I don't always dress her in
pink just because she's a girl Oh drives
me mad breakfast just got a bit of toast
with smoked salmon and avocado we're
kind of running out of food so I
couldn't scrimping around but yeah it's
gonna eat this while she's finally
asleep it's taken about an hour
excuse the coffee machine noise new in
baby wise I was sent these bits from
Tommee Tippee thank you so much to life
saver I'm so excited to use this this is
a steamer and blender so it's just gonna
make my life so much easier because it's
two-in-one I haven't used it yet but
yeah I'm just so excited because making
her food can be a bit long when I'm like
trying to look after her at the same
time and everything so yeah I can't wait
to use this and then we've got this is
so cute as well it's like food bowls but
you can keep pop this spoon in the top
and just a cool design and we've got
some of these spoons already as well and
they're so so much better than other
brands that we've tried for feeding her
with cuz they're quite wide oh honey you
know how I get on with this I will link
it down below in case you're a mom as
well and you're on the hunt for
something like this
it's a little bit later now and Jason
went out because we went for home since
we weren't toads that yesterday and I
spotted this chair but I'm always so
like I never want to get anything
straight away because I feel like am i
rushing at but I kept thinking about it
so he went to go and pick it up for me
just now how we got shares lore as well
which is downstairs but I'll show you
the chair here it is it's so nice it's
like a herringbone material it's really
nice I can't wait to just drape some
faux fur over it and this is my OTD look
at the room he waving hey are you
leaving she's been like pulling
everything out of drawers and stuff so
it's a bit messy
yes 7u and here is the shares say hello
because we have nothing nothing because
we have nothing in the house
we got a cheeky delivery for lunch
Indy's finally gone down again cuz you
step off now offer for her first nah
oh it's been grueling so we got some
Jerome hello hello we're also kind of
doing like a test run because I've got a
job to do for delivery they just want me
to take a picture for social media of us
eating
salmon in dat inyart so we didn't really
like to do it so we're gonna try and set
up a nice little spot I got a cup Patti
roll then our hats pronounced wear looks
really good it's like vegetables and
then a green side salad which looks
really good
we're gonna get burger Jesus I've never
seen one that big in these sleeping
they've been doing this for about 10
minutes anymore big bangs to come few
more anymore
so the odd dinners corner for me a bit
of an early dinner but we've got bills
and then I've been like meal planning so
I need to wait do a food shop so I've
been planning what I want to make I
really want to make these aren't really
good so I've come out to the park
because it's so intense weight wasn't
zoomed in no it's really intense when
you're inside all day with a baby and
like not just for me I feel it for her
it's really boring as well just to be
inside all day so yeah brought her out
having a bit of a walk and yeah then
should we go to bed not long after we
get back home and then I can edit and do
stuff I need to do yes don't cry nice
day walking behind us and I actually
like crossed paths onto the grass I just
know like sheep you enjoy going
off-piste this is so cute and I'm just
so grateful we were sent some bits from
the little white company which is one of
our favorite places to get things for
indie from they've said so I think these
bits are kind of more for like autumn
winter uh-huh so cute so warm it's lined
as well oh my god I love the color I
love these muted Pink's and then this oh
this is so cute
it's 9 to 12 months so it's a bit big
now but by the time it's cold it should
fit her so so cute so thank you so much
the little white company so I'm back
home I've just put in DITA beds she was
so so tired today I don't know what was
going on with her today she was so today
just like super super clingy and whiny
oh and I've been asleep we've been sleep
training her
since last Saturday today it is Friday
so almost a week we've been sleep
training home now and it's been a very
very intense week a lot of like hearing
her cry and things like that so we've
used the Ferber method so you don't let
her like cry and cry and cry we go in at
intervals that calm her down and then
like go out the room again and then go
back in after like you know 10 minutes 5
minutes 10 minutes whatever yeah but it
does seem to be gradually it does seem
to gradually be working and just now I
like gave her some milk put her in to go
to sleep and she just like she was
laying down and she just watched we go
out the room which she's never done
before she usually does cry straight
away so yeah fingers crossed that it is
working before I go I wanted to oh
really oh one day or two days maybe this
will be a one day vlog and then maybe
some of the books will be like a two day
vlog we'll see how it goes but in this
blog I really wanted to include the
footage that I got from my trip with
reserved as soon as the brand called
reserved they're opening up in unlocks
history on the 6th of September and they
took me away with some other bloggers
and vloggers to to Poland to Gdansk
I don't know if I'm saying that right
and the trip was so lovely and I loved
the girls but I got to go with and like
met some new people as well anyway I'm
gonna put that footage in now that's
quite a lot so that's why I'm just gonna
wrap up today now because I did get
quite a lot of footage when I was out
there I think I'll link everyone like in
that video down below as well I hope I
remember I'm so bad at remembering and
right I'm gonna put up its shin now
with the installation
hey guys so I've just got into my hotel
room in oh forget the name okay this
whole area I think it's called good
danced danced I'm in Poland for like one
night which is so cool and I'm here with
reserved which I probably told you guys
already but yeah I just thought I'd do a
short vlog bit I'm sort of practice with
vlogging for ages but I'm wearing
reserved now which is a brand that is
like it's in a lot of different
countries like a lot of kind of Eastern
European countries and its opening in
London on the 6th of September and yeah
so you guys are going to know about it
really soon but I thought I'd show you
guys my hotel room because it looks
amazing
it's so big a cup believe it look at
this oh my god look at this space it's
like a house it's a little desk Oh
coffee machine yes and then a big old
bathroom oh my god it's amazing I'm here
with such a lovely group of girls as
well like we will get on so well I'm so
glad that they're what I'm so glad that
they're here and there's a lot of other
girls as well that I haven't been able
to like meet yet but I'm sure we'll get
chatting and yeah everyone's really
lovely the brand is so cool like we've
got to see the new collection I love it
there's so many pieces that I love I
want them I might head out with some of
the other girls Lizzy live and Victoria
and accepting to do a bit of shooting so
I might hang on home with them or I
might chill out for a bit but yeah and
then later we're going for a dinner it
should be really nice and then I've got
a night to myself which is so rare now
that we've got a baby so I'm gonna like
lap that up just thought I'd give you
guys a little explanation and look at
this little collection of gifts oh my
candle oh I love candles this is a rim
spray so
and is this like a jumper that looks
comfy and then look at this oh my god is
that vodka yes okay I'm ready for the
dinner and I thought I'd show you guys
my outfit
maybe I should tuck the shirt in I'm not
sure the blouse is from Topshop I love
it so much my legging trouser things are
also from Topshop the shoes are from
Topshop burgers JW Anson necklaces are
missamma and yeah this is my neck so I'm
gonna go out for dinner I'm so hungry I
can't wait and yes I'll take you guys
with me back so I'll walk it over to the
restaurant at the moment we're going
around the back of the hotel
oh my babe I'm so stunning it's so
wonderfully
hey it's day two and I'm just about to
leave my room just had some breakfast
and I didn't film because I was starving
but today we're going to their head
office and then I think we're just
heading back home and yeah oh sure she
likes my outfit oh I don't know if you
can see it properly it's not much light
here but yes this is it the skirt is
from reserved is so soft it's like it
falls so nicely I love it
it has this Sun it's high as well and
yeah my shoes are from and other stories
my top is Topshop again the missing my
necklaces my hair still drying I need to
sort it out and right I need to go we
need to check out I'm late so that was
my trip to Poland it was really cool to
visit Poland because I've never been
there before and yeah it's just
something a bit different and it was
really cool to kind of learn a lot about
the history of the brand cuz you don't
always get to learn about the history of
brands you just hear about them and then
shop there and that's it but uhm yes
anyway I'll probably talk about this
more in another video if you want me to
but gonna sign off thank you guys so
much for watching and it's been really
nice to look again and just like just
like a chilled flog I'm gonna sign off
by showing you Frank
on our launch I think all the comets
will now be you pronounce it this way in
every video I get that we got it from
home cents so inexpensive I mean it
wasn't cheap but it was not as much as
they'd usually be if you were to get
them from you know like usual furniture
stores but anyway look at Frank and I'll
see you guys tomorrow bye thank you very
calm
