hi guys sorry it's been so long since
I've done a vlog I suck but i thought i
would like to do a little update because
it's been so long since I've done of
Lucky kind of blog over that make sense
so yeah and sorry like when I haven't
reported for a while I really liked I'm
bad but ok basically I wanted to update
about my health and fitness diet and
stuff for that I'm really happy at the
moment actually with it I've kind of
found quite a good balance between you
know eating what i want to eat eating
healthily and working out and i've i've
been going to the gym work at least
three times a week so um yeah and I feel
great and I'm like yay um so yeah it's
all good in that department and and then
at the gym I'm doing a bit more like
running on the treadmill and I'm an
interesting cardio for longer in general
make about an hour now whereas before it
was about it i started at half an hour
than 40 minutes announce about an hour i
do cardio and i love it and then I do
like weights like I said before and then
do is sit ups and all that jazz whoa
lighting and yeah what else yeah so I'm
still eating healthfully and everything
my hair looks massive um yeah um oh I
got a piercing yesterday um I can't know
what is called but it's this one up here
is it called daya I can't remember but I
chose to get a ring instead of a bar to
put a ring would look cooler yeah stay
there it is I'm quite sure at the moment
also I muchly can't get tattoo very very
soon and I'm just I don't know ever to
get tattooed on down quote down in South
Hampton or in London tan so yeah I'm
just deciding I know I'm going to get
and it's going to be on my leg
and I'm not going to show you the design
because I get funny about people like
have a get knock Mundt in the same
design on them because I'm like oh
that's mine I mean you'll see it anyway
when I get it done but yeah for now I'm
going to keep it hush-hush oyster and
yeah show you when I get it done I'm so
excited but it's going to take about
three hours or so frick to be done so
that is pretty long because my palate is
the longest tile pattern that was like
now or not sorry two and a half hours so
I'm kind of scared kind of excited
basically it's a sugar skull in the
middle and two roses on the side yeah
man so yeah I'm really excited also I
know my quality is really really bad on
my videos but I'm actually waiting for
any Acamar at the moment I've ordered it
and it is why am I so blue and it is on
its way and all my board I think we want
to have it in put him on wednesday or
thursday i'm so excited and then you
guys can see me HD you're not good yeah
and i think that's about it really and
i've got a few new things recently which
i don't have to call about a lot but one
of them's the Naked palette from urban
decay that came out of nowhere and it
fits like that and i love it cuz i love
my neutral colors and i just thought i'd
show you just a recently bought this
what cost ashiq lipstick which looks
quite similar to vegas bulb it's quite
thick this more pinky so that's Vegas
vault and that's close to chic the
economy cns like to be honest wait till
I get my new camera then you can see
properly and but yeah I think that's it
really you still got a lot mini work and
I'm in between London and perhaps a
moment because i need to do lots of
photography um I've like falling back
and up and Lupe Fiasco recently
if you can heal and I'm loving Stevie
Wonder again at the moment I'm having
such a rounded music time at the moment
and i love lady gaga song born this way
it's so good I was just dancing to her
and get really excited so yeah and I was
gonna feel the video today but I totally
ran out of light as you could probably
tell so I thought I drove look and I
hope everyone's okay and um when I get
my tattoo I'll try and get a bit of it
being done i'm not sure still allowed
that or not but if not i'll do a vlog
about it it tell me if you want to vlog
about the tattoo after i get it done I'm
so excited so yeah that's about it
really I can't figure what else to say
so yeah thank you for watching live the
log and yeah see you next one bye yeah
