hey my is just getting ready for i'm at
some snow so excited and sorbitol item
ooh I'm really excited but like really
nervous as well because i'm at there so
that's gonna be so many people there and
when i see gary is that i watch i will
get really really shy and i went i won't
be able to go in say hi cuz i'm like
quite shy actually so yeah so just
waiting for my sister and then we're
gonna be off and on the road or on the
train to London so yay um okay oh you
back in a minute bye
Oh
I'm feeling
so you good just like a zombie
you
that Rudy free
what makes no way out
coming out of the moment
baby
else to feel really
let's get those sweets now because it
really
we just do now
Oh what was it called
Oh
Oh
hi everyone and so recently I went to
imax of my sister we will swim up with
Shirley um britpopprincess I mean Trisha
I'll go to can't remember everyone's
names but i'll put them in the video
because i'm just rubbish but yeah also
saw gracie from ugly fish blend beauty
and and oh god fashion rocks my socks
and yeah met out with a lot of people
and we'll saw a lot of people and so me
and my sister went obviously together at
first and we actually were quite late
getting there we were really stressing
out because we didn't we thought we'd
have to be queuing for ages and we won't
get in and her ticket trouble and stuff
of that it was finally got there at I
don't even know I think about half
eleven which was really late that some
people get there like eight in the
morning and at first I was overwhelmed
because it was like a lot of people in
their lot of stores and wasn't really
sure what I should be looking at I saw a
glimpse of pixie the pizza we girls I
got really shine excited and then they
were leaving so I actually kind of right
staff to Sam and I was like hi I really
love your channel and anyway and I saw
Tanya from pics eat way but um I wasn't
able to let's say hi to her because it
doesn't know just everything was
happening so fast so we had to look
around and but I because it was so
stressed on so overwhelming it wasn't
sure what to buy from what you know what
to buy and so I ended up getting some a
few things from Mac and something from
Illamasqua I kinda wanted to get some
crown brushes but I can do
q I also wanted to get something from
make up forever but I didn't get round
to it and I didn't even know that was a
Knicks store there I really would love
something from Nick so basically I'm
really bad at explaining myself but it
was it was a good experience but it
wasn't as like amazing as I thought I
feel like it's been hyped up so much and
i felt like the place was actually quite
smaller when i was in there but it's
probably because there's so much so many
stores in one area with all the people
and it seems quite claustrophobic and
but the like the lives makeup and
painting and stuff like that that was
going almost amazing that was stunning
and then I've got some of it in the
video so you already saw that unless
you're going and you really know what
you want to get and stuff like that I
think the price for the ticket is like a
lot because I don't think it was worth
it for what I went for you know but you
know if you get there early you really
get your money's worth you see all the
talks and everything I think it is worth
it not sure if I'll go next year
probably will cuz why then I'll probably
want to go again but anyway enough of me
babbling and I didn't even get that much
stuff to be honest from marc and on the
queue at mac was ridiculous it babe it
wasn't like can properly I mean I feel
like it wasn't planned properly and I
was so confused I didn't know where to
go to pay for it anyway um I got peachy
keen blush Oh which looks like that and
went on at the moment before he can't
see it's like obviously a peachy pinky
kind of color and yeah but then I've got
home and then I looked at peachy keen I
just like realize that it looks exactly
like coralista from benefit they are so
similar in like if you see them kiss d
but I think maybe peachy keens a tiny
bit Pinker and they do go on differently
but they are very similar I also got
this blush palette because I really
wanted to blush palette
but to be honest with you we went to Mac
after after I maps and that's why I
picked up much this stuff so in actual
imax I just got the blur and I got this
from Illamasqua I love the little
illamasqua bags I've got a bronzer and
ride me and Shirley were like if you get
it I'll get it and which looks like this
I love the packaging it looks like that
however I've actually already got this
bronzer in a duo it's exactly the same
bronzer I didn't realize that I had a
hit so yeah i'm not sure if i'll keep it
or not but because i thought it was
burnish for some reason i really like
burnish from Illamasqua it really shows
up nicely on my skin that's all I got I
max literally look is the bag that
everyone gets probably seen it in other
videos and this is like the imax you
know information thing later on at mac i
got two lipsticks one of them I'm rain
at the moment and brave and hugged me
rave I just really likes when I saw it
it looks like that and it's really nice
it's what I'm right now I'm wearing a
lip gloss over it though yeah and hug me
I saw on Shirley's channel and then I
really really liked it so I picked it up
and it looks like that pretty apparently
that's one that Kim Kardashian west so
hmm um that's all that's literally all I
got every didn't get a lot bit of a
failure I wish I filmed more but yeah
I'm a bit rubbish sometimes but the day
was it was a good day it was just really
tiring and by the time you're in there
for like and you know half an ounce for
our you're like oh my gosh it's just so
stressful to so many peep there's so
many people there but it was fun and
yeah it was good it was good to see some
subscribers
it was great to see some of her giri's I
hadn't met before and stuff like that
was really fun so but if you did see me
there only have a photo of us or
anything and let me know we'll send it
to do something or or if you have a
video from it let me know because I love
watching the other videos of people that
one thanks for watching and sorry if I
missed things out about it every caught
remember what I can't think what to say
and yeah I wasn't even there for that
long i think i was there for like two
hours or something and then we went we
want something to eat and then we went
home yeah so uh yeah that's watching and
I'll see you in my next video you like
the footage and the photos and stuff bye
