hi everyone I thought I'd do a vlog
because i haven't done one for ages
again I'm slacking sorry oh and I'd this
bloody video better not lag because
they're all my other videos of life that
I've logged in so I'm going to like stop
it halfway through and stuck in any way
ramble um yeah so I just filmed a video
on my jewellery and that's not even what
I was talk about um yeah my diet and
fitness because I said that I was gonna
keep blogging about it um yeah so I was
doing really well just for christmas
then christmas came I didn't throw too
much off track i just i just went was a
bit more lenient on what I was eating
and but I wouldn't overdo it and then
this like the first week for january and
stuff i've been getting on track a bit
more got a confit and yeah so now i'm
pretty much back on track and yeah I
started going to the gym again because
at one point I done something to my neck
so I couldn't move I can't go to the gym
and then and then my car broke down and
then I done something to my foot so I
couldn't go for ages anyway so now I I'm
again trying to get to the dome Jim
about four times a week and I knees go
today and yeah but it's a little bit
stressed looks I've got unis work gym
and YouTube blogging uh just so much
stuff mainly uni work to get done but
yet anyway um yeah still eating
healthfully and stuff and um just making
sure that if I don't go gym I do you
know work on my muscles and and stuff to
keep it up I'm sorry it's all a bit
vague but I feel like I just feel like
I'm being healthy again so I'm quite
happy at the moment because i had a
packet of crisps today these ones and
then like I know they're not good for
you but they're not Walker's I feel like
Walker's or even worse to you but yeah
even though I knew that they're not that
bad i still felt really guilty
so the moral of the story is when I feet
something like that I feel guilty anyway
so I'm liking eating healthily ah such
babble ah um so click that's it I don't
know if it isn't it if there's anything
else you guys want me to tell you about
my diet my exercising and stuff like
that let me know wait let me stop it mom
okay um I hope it didn't lag and if it
did love I'm really really sorry um so
yeah I think that's what I wanted to say
though yeah so oh also okay I got hand
in next week I like it's Saturday today
I've got hand in on monday and thursday
but I'm handsome before that because i'm
going to manchester on thursday i think
and i'm going to see Drake at the o2 in
Manchester and we're going shopping in
the Trafford Centre and when know on
thursday and friday so if you're in if
you live in manchester and your shopping
them let me know or something i'll come
and say hi if you see me so it'll be
really cool to me any of you that lived
there I've never been to manchester
before so it's going to be an experience
but I really want to see what it's like
I don't know what else to say really um
you can't I can't really show you
progress because I hate like it and my
arms out anyway but I think when I'm
done exercising more I'll like back up
and show you the difference and so that
I think is all and yeah you have been a
good week or having a good having a good
weekend and sorry about me my talking in
this video a terrible but yeah thnkx
watching and I'll see you in the next
vlog a probably do a vlog in Manchester
so yeah um bye
