hi guys I thought I would do a like
update kind of video on my you know
health and fitness and stuff like that
because I started them like three weeks
three or four weeks going out and I
haven't updated for a while which I just
realized so I'm gonna update you so yeah
I've been eating a lot healthier going
to the gym I go to the gym about four or
five times a week as much as possible
really like if I got to go well if I had
to go you know or anything I just go gym
after because it's near it so it's
really convenient and I've kind of upped
what I'm doing at the gym in terms of
cardio I'll do like 15 minutes on the
cross trainer ten minutes running ten
minutes on the you know like the step
machine thing and it that really works I
love it yeah well something like that
but yeah in total I usually do cardio
now for about 40 minutes if not an hour
sometimes I'll just go on because I like
the feeling of doing cardio and then
I'll do some weights and then I will do
my stomach and stuff like that yeah I
love I'm loving working out it makes you
feel so good afterwards and once you get
into the swing of it like it's obviously
not as hard anymore and then you just
push yourself and push yourself so I'm
living in terms of eating about she
discovered something new about myself
actually because before I before when I
dieted and it went really successfully
it was because I that's when I read the
book Skinny Bitch like I'll meet from my
diet and well alright I kind of just
didn't eat anything that was saying like
white you know with white flour or it's
hard to explain but I just cut out
basically everything bad and this time
or like now I think the reason why I've
been failing in the last year or so with
dieting us because I've been I kept
honest to tell myself oh you got to cut
everything out again and then I wouldn't
and then it just went to work and then
I'd get annoyed and stop dying but now
I'm kind of not saying to myself that I
can't have
these bad things because that makes me
want them more so I'm kind of thinking
when I could have that if I wanted you
know every say weekly I'll have
something naughty no I'll work out the
next day so I won't feel bad but
basically what I'm trying to say is I
don't cut out everything I haven't cut
out everything I'm just being you know
conscious of what I eat so if I make if
I can make a choice in what I'm eating
like most obviously most times I make
myself dinner I'll make something
healthy nyan times have had something
bad is like the boyfriends got pizzas
I've had to slice and or two or three
and I don't really know I mean when I
make food myself I don't really make bad
food because there's no point and um I
just like eating healthily anyway I like
healthy food what else can I say it's
really hard to think because that's
pretty much yeah oh well with power loss
what with how much I've lost
and everything I'm bit of an idiot I
didn't even measure myself or weigh
myself before because I don't win I
don't believe in like weighing yourself
anyway except when you your knee trained
you obviously gonna gain muscle and
muscle weighs more than fat so I could
be weighing my muscle and be thinking
that I pull away and it just doesn't
work so I'd rather measure myself well I
don't have a mattress tape so yeah but
basically I just kind of you can feel
your own body like you know your own
body and I can feel and see where I've
lost you know some way aware of you know
lost there basically so I feel it around
my hips I feel it in my arms a little
bit whereas I think they're they're my
problem areas so that's where I've
noticed the change CS sorry I'm rambling
loads uh what else can I say so yeah I'm
just really happy I think I'll be doing
it for about other months from now I'm
not sure three weeks to a month and I'm
liking it and I'm feeling a lot better
and anyone else that's on the journey as
well to know some are just keep going
proud of you as well and if you want to
start let me know if you're starting and
then yeah last my say I think that's
about it really
so I'm going to keep on doing it
obviously I'm gonna go to the gym when I
go back home to my family home I'm gonna
keep going gym blah blah um just
finished uni for the term yeah just
finished the term so now we're off for
Christmas break and I'm going back to
London area scene yay and that's about
it I've got my dissertation to do which
is so stressful but hopefully I'll get
through it somehow fit yeah wishing you
luck yeah that's about it so thanks for
watching and hope you're having a good
December so far
