hi guys thought I would do another
update about my you know getting fit and
changing my waves and change my ways and
stuff like that so yeah I've been
feeling really good recently about you
know being healthy yeah I mean over the
last few days I've been a bit ill
because I don't even know what I mean I
went out one night which I didn't think
was good anyway because obviously I
don't want to drink alcohol but I'm
trying to get fit because it's like like
when I eat something bad or like drink
alcohol something I feel I can say
taking a step back and it makes you feel
like oh because I'm trying to get you
know somewhere so anyway I ramble and I
went out and then the next day I felt so
ill I couldn't do anything I had no
energy and it actually felt as if
someone like spiked my drink or
something I don't even know what
happened but I felt I felt so ill yeah
and then I supposed to go out again and
I couldn't so anyway yes so I've been
trying to get healthy since last
Thursday so where are we no just over a
week a week for two days now yes that
I've been like trying to get fit and
healthier I haven't eaten anything bad
have kept on my food routine the only
thing that is bad food wise is yesterday
Ricky got dominate my boyfriend Ricky
got Domino's Pizza and I really really
needed one slice I'm so hungry but
that's really bad then I felt really
guilty but only one slice but apart from
that I've been really healthy
what else can I say I've been you know
making sure I have salads through veg I
still eat hard you know if I buy
everything else as well I eat pitabread
instead of you know normal white breads
because I think it's a bit healthier I'm
holding up a bread and I say oh yeah so
I go to the gym I at the moment are
staying in the gym for an hour so just
started again
but it I'll make it longer as time goes
on like an hour and a half to two hours
eventually I do I start on the cross
trainer I'm do about 15-20 minutes on
that then I've run for about 10 minutes
and then I'll go on like the step
machine or I'll do the rowing the rowing
thing yeah and then then I'll like go on
the weights machines but I use lower
weights are used sorry
I use lower weights and more repetitions
instead of heavy weights and less
repetitions because that way it doesn't
bulk up your muscle too fast because I
don't really want bulky muscles I just
want one else's to be like you know tone
slender yeah and then I do my stomach
and my hips yeah so I'm loving working
out I love the feeling it makes you I
love the feeling it gives you afterwards
it makes you feel happier I mean I feel
a lot healthier already and it's only
been about a week I don't know if I can
start to see a difference in my body I
think I've lost I mean I think I've just
you know I feel a bit more better like
around my hips here that's where it
tends to reshow my sides I can't say
like my arms are changed or but I think
they're like they're the hard thing that
doesn't it takes ages to change them
anyway yes so because I'm you know
toning it is I can feel myself slowly
slowly turning up I hope this video
isn't too rambling like I'm making these
update videos without editing or
anything because you know it's more real
what else can I say
I don't I don't drink any kind of bad
ink side message it water I try to drink
more water as well or like I have orange
juice in the mornings and stuff like
that if I snack it I don't actually
snack that much I try and snack on fruit
and like pitabread and hummus or or have
like a little salad or something oh also
um in my first video someone said I you
know how you're gonna die if it's kinda
not Christmas time the thing is like
since
I don't really eat any different because
it's Christmas time especially because
I'm at uni I'm not at home where you
know it's all homey you've got all the
hope they're buying all the Christmas
food like we don't really do that
because I'm I'm just a student like so
yeah it doesn't really affect me I still
eat salads like in the depth of winter
time I still eat like salad and tonight
I just I just I don't really change my
eating habits for Christmas so yeah I
can't really think of anything else to
say so I hope this was a kind of okay
update and so from a bit rambly and hope
you found it helpful let me know if
you're on a bit of a journey as well to
try and shed some pounds I'm gonna get a
tape measure seen and start measuring
myself so I'm not going to measure
myself not weigh my
