I've got a Primark haul for you and I'm
really sorry for you guys in the US and
I know that the people in the US can't
orbitty get don't have Primark but I
know that a lot of people in the UK like
torched Primark cause and I love to
watch Primark calls so I'm gonna just do
a quick Primark cool video I think
sub-prime I like a lot a lot recently I
don't know why I'm like loving the
clothes in Primark recently I thought
these mitten hello this is mittens which
are two pounds and they're really thick
and cozy or seen gray they have
different colors as well yeah they were
they were so good for the price because
I like yeah I got this
it's like pajamas but yeah
and it was in on the rack of like two
pounds stuff right in the in the
underwear and pajamas that sure looks
like this if I could jump see no place
see I always get them to mixed up it's
really cute and it's got like these
little sparkle bits on it I'm not always
into sparking on clothes but it's only a
nightie so you know whatever
that song was that it was reduced to two
pounds I just thought this cute for my
tea
I bought this skirt which was reduced to
five pounds
it's very pretty it's like a pastel pink
kind of color and I love the material
it's so like lovely and it's got these
bits on it which kind of sparkle they're
not sparkly but I remember that cord in
the way that yeah I love this I got more
of these tights in medium 40 Deni a yeah
they're just pretty good like I'm for
250 that's such a bargain yep
ties oh I got one of these and I got two
of these but yeah
leotard kind of things like that they
were all the rage and this summer and I
really like this one so it's like a
aubergine purple color and I just really
like it I think it's really it's not
coming up on camera kind of is I think
it's a really nice color for this kind
of season in real life that looks more
purple I don't know why it's looking a
bit weird but yes that was four pounds
I've got these really cozy socks
cozy boot socks which were three pounds
and they do them in like gray blue and
pink I think and yeah you might you
might remember Danny got some it when I
done my
a haul of her my sister and then I
didn't get them but I got them now and
the inside is so soft
I haven't felt something I thought for a
long time so soft but it's bad it's like
a like a satchel bag it's so cute
it's like got a long handle you can
adjust it to a shorter handle looks like
that it looks like that and the thing
about this like it's a pretty good size
I still run do Li Wei Wei actually has
it as well and I was like ooh like of it
then you know this opens and it's got
this compartment and this compartment
and guess how much six pounds so I'm
good yeah then I've got enough one of
these like Buddhist thingies in a
different color this is like a beige
kind of beige color I got these in a
size 10 yeah pretty cool four pounds
again I got this blaze oh it's just well
I think it's supposed to be more of a
summary blade that it was in the same
it looks like this yeah it looks like
this it's got its gray obviously and
then it's got little white dots on it I
think it's really cute I've got these
little dots on it it was reduced to five
pounds I actually had to get it in the
size excells bill size 8 or size 16 and
18 and 16 and 18 just looks way too big
and like not fitting at all nothing this
is kind of like it fits but just about
this it's got these shoulder pads in it
as well which is pretty cool yeah I was
like for a fire bar
I just grabbed it I got this gorgeous
top it looks like this it's the most
gorgeous material I suck with name up
material stuff this but is it like
chiffon like that it's kind of see free
but it's a really nice material and the
arms are like flowy I love that I love
how they tape it in at the end this was
ten pounds which is pretty good I really
like this one in Topshop as well but
that's like 40 pounds so yeah it's
pretty cool to get this one and I love
the color as well it's just really nice
classic classic and you can you could
put a leather jacket over it and make it
more edgy and wear a flight leggings and
boots yeah and that's it I don't know if
you guys would be interested or not but
I got you know that jumper that
everyone's got from Primark and it's
like brown and beige and it looks like a
Topshop one and it's like 10 or 11
pounds I bought that twice now in two
different sizes cuz I was like oh I
really really like it I really won it
because it looks like a Topshop jumper
weight twice and both times the slices
it just doesn't look flattering on me it
might be more flattering if you're like
a slimmer figure maybe or maybe it's
just me but it does not look flattering
flattering on me and also where the
lights are Lions lie is like right on
the stomach as well so it kind of
lighter colors wouldn't see make you
look a bit bigger than the dark colours
would so
yeah didn't work I took it back so
that's all I got from Primark um I
thought it was more seems like and I was
just thinking actually I'm
I might just show you guys some books I
bought recently might be a bit different
I don't you to show you books that I buy
and stuff so one sec so if you read my
blog you probably have seen most these
books before because I run a blog post
about them but if you haven't I'll show
you some books I got and this book which
is by Ashley Olsen America
how about forget Mining's I got it from
Amazon and it's just I haven't even read
it yeah amazing it's like about them I
think obviously and then pictures as
well and it's really good
I can't Pat much about it for a bit it
was less than 20 pounds because then I
got Russell and Russell Brand's for he
worked too because I think he's really
really funny I know he's very mom I you
ever loved him why I am my boyfriend
doesn't like him that much my family
does yes I like him I think it's funny
yep oh that will I got it for temple
okay then I got this from Amazon as well
this nylon street food book which I love
this it's full of street style from
Tokyo London Los Angeles Stockholm and
all that jazz yeah it wasn't explained
something goes like under a 10 or 10 or
something and then I got Lauren Conrad
style but I've read a bit of it so far
it's pretty good it's not it's not the
best but it's good if you like her then
like I like her and I like the hills way
the way grab to this I got this from
Waterstones
like yeah so I hope you found that
interesting and just went quickly say as
well for anyone's wondering about my
hair like what I've done to it it's
still sure like my car
this I just killed it's days I got
really bored and I just pinned it back
yeah so I hope you like the whole and
almost the you in my next video bye guys
well such a weird way
