hi guys I just came back from town
recently and the thing is my friend told
me that there was a sale at Topshop and
I wasn't implying sprouts a and then I
was like saying at topshop gotta go so
it's a topshop I picked up some bits I
thought I'd do a hole on this channel
because you know I don't usually do
holes in this channel and adult my I
think people get in a bit annoyed when I
fill up my other channel with white
holes and holes and stuff but I know a
lot of people like it but hopefully send
are you guys to my second channel to see
this one as i'm going to show you the
stuff and topshop i thought i'd show you
some things i just picked up recently as
well and there's not that much just a
few things like it is like over the last
week and a half or something oh I went
to touch up and Prime what today because
yeah primer I start with Primark I got
this really cute bow and I don't even
know why I got this it's like on a
safety paper my thing and I just thought
it was so pretty and I thought oh my
chops to come on down I thought um I can
put it on something I don't know what is
actually yep I can put it on something
and make that thing look really cute and
it's like a really dusty pink kind of
color and that was 150 I also got these
further areas because I've seen them and
I've seen them around a lot recently on
everyone's channels and blogs and stuff
from Primark and they look like that
feathers but these stones that make them
look really cheap I think we'll cheaper
so I'm going to just take this stone
detail off and like that and then it
will just be the quarry see but the
feather see like that yeah I think I
look better so they were two paths quite
nice what else did I get oh I got these
because I be recommended these and they
basically just like firm control firm
control for your
like you know your hips waist your hips
waist and yeah Harley they shrink you
down like an image feels like i'm going
to try them and that was only four
pounds which is quite a bargain so from
Topshop I bought I bought some underwear
but let's see i'm not going to show you
all of my underwear about you one thing
but it was on sale so and grabbed it i
bought this hot which is actually kind
of i forget what they're called but it's
like this and there was a few of these
but this is the only one in my size and
it is way because it doesn't look like a
bra top but it was in like the bra kind
of section then and it was reduced from
22 pounds to 10 pounds so i thought that
was really good and i can wear this
underneath like that's hot you know like
a t-shirt when the sides are quite low
and i think that will look quite nice
because it's not just quite pretty and
and I've got this just plain black top
because I love God laptops it's slightly
sure but its not see through like well
it looks if it's just like this it's
nice and this was 12 pounds they went
down to five pounds so that's cool so
caught these flats which I've had my
eyes on for a while and then when I saw
them in the said I was like getting them
because i always put off getting them
because i don't want to spend like like
they used to be 28 pounds like i'm not
spending 28 pounds of fluff they look
like this they're just black and the
tips of them and metal so I think that's
cool so they reduced a 15 pounds so yeah
although came over 15 pounds or like not
28 pounds no but 50 counts is cool
though yeah i got those this job just is
red and it's quite oversized but it
looks really nice that when I hope when
I held up you look very nice and it's
quite thick and it's just perfect for
winter and I don't wear red a lot so I
for quite different Phoenix I don't wear
red that much
but it's a nice change and it used to be
25 and it was reduced to 12 oh they have
this in red and in May kind of a navy
blue color so yeah check them out if you
if you like it and then just the last
thing I got today was the studs which i
also had my eye on for and eyes only a
cup and then they were on half price so
very cute you know i love my crosses and
that's a stud there that one and then
weighing and they're just cute so they
were down to three pounds and then
recently also at the collective haul bit
that i've got over the past two weeks I
picked up these two books from amazon
and online this one's called street view
by nylon and it's got all part kinds of
street style from different fashion
capitals got like London la Tokyo slop
home it's pretty cool it's really good
to get inspiration oh how much was that
twenty-four dollars but i got it for a
lot cheaper than that how much taking it
forward I feel like it was under ten
pounds i'm not sure and then I've got
the ashley and mary-kate Olsen Burke
influence which I have my eye on as well
good way for them in there and I I adore
their style like if you follow me on
tumblr I'm always I've always reblogging
them and it's got in like its a mix of
text and images oh god I forget how much
as 20 pounds but did I swear by t / just
check out amazon and they have like
different deals on all the time and
stuff and I've got it on a deal as well
and I picked up this family guy but yeah
cuz I love family by EM I picked up this
I never never go into hollister or i
become mia fetch anymore because I feel
like a
one wears their stuff and I get a bit
like I actually feel like a clone like
when I wear their clothes but they do
have really good quality clothes so
sometimes I pick stuff up anyway what I
went in there and I just grabbed this
because I saw them on the table and they
were on offer it's like the Malibu beach
body lotion for the body obviously and
this one smells like women's it smells
so nice and the other flavors were nice
as well this is my favorite and I got I
got another one as well it was like it
was 24 12 pounds the bar pit but it is
24 12 pounds and it's just smell so nice
and yeah I've tried and its really
really nice already so if you see that
pick it up and then I'll just in boots
and I picked up this because I'd needed
a toner it's a bit of money toner um
yeah I haven't even used it yet actually
but when i do you that i will let you
know it smells nice also and this isn't
what i bought but my friends gave me any
two products to my tryout and just so i
could review them for her so it's the
benefit you rebel was tinted moisturizer
and work see the bobby brown ground will
be brown creamy concealer kit which
comes in like a little sponge and then
the like it's a part of the concealer
and powder to set it so if you want to
see a review of those let me know as
well um and that is it so i hope you
like my little pool I hope you don't
mind it being on this channel I feel
like it's more like relaxed and stuff I
could be more a bit more relaxed and
yeah good night and also I'm thinking of
just chopping off my hair soon my not my
natural hair but my extensions here
because I'm just getting so sick of
styling my extensions and if you if you
were extension it you'll know that after
a while they start getting like not a
shiny and they can't a don't look as
nice as in the beginning and that's the
stage which I really really hate and
always when it gets that stage I just
want to chop them off so I'm thinking of
doing a video showing how to get
that style that's like kind of Frankie
from the saturdays like when I have
short hair I have a big friend so it
would be like the French like this not
as bad as that I basically a long fringe
like when I had my short blond hair
basically that stuff let me know if
you'd want to see that I doing it on
video for you guys ok so i hope you
liked the hall so i bought i rambling
and i'll see you in my next video bye
guys
