hi guys this is a really really Rampton
quick video and good i haven't done a
vlog video for ages on this channel I'm
really sorry like sometimes I suck and
then life anyway I got any piercing
today i was in starbucks with my
boyfriend and then whoa and then I was
like him try to go and get my confidence
he was like yo come on them all right ah
I don't know what I don't know I'm
really sort of what I'm really random
sometimes and I mean I was thinking
about this piercing for ages but I
wanted to get my conch or my work or my
nose pierced and I still want my nose
pierced so i might get that done soon
yeah so i decided to get my crunch done
because i think it looks really cool and
yeah i went in and like signed the
papers and that and i thought it was
going to be like quite painful because
this bit of your ear is like quite well
it's kind of thick twice is quite thick
and yeah so I was kind of nervous but
I'm never too nervous before getting
tazed what piercings any who is she like
she was really nice the women I went to
this place in Southampton what's it
called as god I think it's called and
it's where I got my my tattoo as well
and yeah I am got it under she like
froze my ear fast and then done it and
when she done it she didn't even like
say she was gonna do it you may that
sometimes they're like one two three or
they get you to breathe in and out
slowly she just done it and I like oh ok
and um yeah but it just didn't really
hurt um and this is what it looks like
it's that one in the middle I love it I
think it's really cool but she said it
might swell up um yeah it sounds like
all great but yeah I really like it
costs about singles 25 pounds to get
done sorry if you can hear my boyfriend
and yeah I just love it so if you're
wanting to go and get the conch do it
her and I'll show them to her about the
rook which is this bit up here and she
said like yeah that does really hurt and
I was like oh I'm glad I chose the
crunch them and and yea sorry I'm
babbling loads but I'm still quite
excited about it and yeah so I might get
my work done in my of it here but for
now I kinda want my nose done next if I
have another one so yeah and go and get
the crunch if you like wanted to get it
because it doesn't hurt that much and
yeah it really thank you for staying
with this channel sorry that I suck with
like keeping it updated there's more
updates on my blog on my Twitter and my
main channel obviously so yeah thank you
for watching and if you've got any
questions about the piercing or other
piercings leave them down below and I'll
try to answer them for you ok guys see
you in the next video bye
