hi guys the other day I went to the and
a mass per event at their new store
which is just opens which is in London
and it's like just at the end of Carnaby
Street near Oxford Street area and it
was really really good and I really
wanted to share with you guys like my
photos and stuff from it because I know
not everyone reads my blog but if some
of you haven't seen images on my blood
then I want to show you some in the
video in this video like an idiot i
forgot i didn't get rounds like filming
the shop and everything because i was
too busy like taking those of photos and
talking to everyone and stuff so i'm
going to put all the video i'm going to
pull the images into this video and
hopefully it will give you a really good
idea of where it was like the new
collection is called the art of darkness
it's beautiful collection it's like all
jewels and golds and stuff like that and
just everything about the collection is
magical mysterious rich colors and stuff
like that I'm actually wearing one of
the lip glosses from or collection now
but i'm going to show you what I've got
after I show you some of the images so
I'm out with Shirley and we both made
our way over to the event and we stayed
there for about an hour and then we
headed back home slowly yeah it was a
really really good day anyway I'm going
to show you some of the photos about now
you
you like those images and just also just
give you a more like exclusive like
in-depth look at the collection I'm we
did get some images on the disk that we
could use which are like primary images
for the new collection so I want to show
you some of these now as well
so yeah they're absolutely amazing
they're so breathtaking and we also saw
a film a short film about the collection
as well I mean it had loads of imagery
and stuff like that in it it was amazing
just I loved it anyway i'm going to show
you what we got we got a gift a goody
bag inch which looks like this and on
the side has one of the images from the
collection school just and inside when
we first walked into the event the we
got given this little envelope with our
name um and it just says like I hope you
enjoyed the event and stuff I'd actually
it's sweet and like personable and then
we will see a lot like this booklet kind
of thing and it's just about the last of
Darkness collection and it has in all
the images and this is like you know all
about the collection and what inspired
it and what it's all about and there's
like the group image one of them
together just just so artistic and
amazing it also shows you all the
different of United stuff that you can
buy at store we also got this kind of
like a letter could about the collection
there's like their image that we have
which is beautiful then click fighting
bit we got a little baggage with two
items in it I've got the blue wire nails
like red ones as well and i received the
lip gloss what's it called intense lip
gloss in hermetic I think
and the liquid metal and resonates now
I've got the lip gloss on at the moment
so I've already opened it and stuff but
it's like this it's really it's really
really small but the color is really
intense and as I was putting it all I've
got it on now and I put it on in the
camera then when I looked in the mirror
it's so dark like it's darker than it
looks on camera it just really it is a
really intense lip gloss but it is take
a bit of fiddling about with it to get a
real smooth finish but it's really
really nice so that's one of the new
ones that they've come out with just
really dark Reds like I'm really bad to
explaining for sure yeah it's just
already a really nice lip gloss and it
smells nice as well someone want of
fruity then I also got the liquid metal
these like to slide out of the little
ones and then they're in the original
box buying the masks are they looks like
this and read again I don't even want to
touch it it looks so perfect but I love
how they smelled like marzipan the
second liquid metal like the gold one
and by I love the gold one so it's
similar to that inconsistency so yeah I
just want to give you a really quick you
know I dear about it and the store is
absolutely beautiful the floor is all
like glittery and sparkly the rules are
like glass there's like smashed their
desk has like a smash glass thing in
it's just like really really well put
together they've also got a makeup
school at the back where they're going
to start to have makeup classes a makeup
school in october i think is which i'm
really interested in i'd love to do that
yeah just all people were really nice
really friendly and helpful and went out
of that one of them went out of their
way to like really show me the new
products and stuff and yeah it's just I
don't to babble too much but I want to
say a big thank you to all the people in
a master that put
put it all together because it was
really really good it was amazing and
I'm so glad I got the opportunity to go
and i wanted to show share my experience
with my subscribers so yeah i hope you
liked it and thank you for watching see
you in my next video bye
