I am like isn't it hey guys I've just
got ready and everything for the day and
they
quickly we're in Philippi look at this
you wait let me show you so sketch
begins you under this balcony because
it's so like scary about the beach and
then
the city
so cool can you see me hey I just went
to start this blog and I think the
lenses ups it's so hot I'm gonna
drag everyone out soon so we can all go
and get breakfast and I thought how many
blocks with an ending while I'm here but
I'm just gonna see how it goes
yeah we are my god she was so surprised
and naked on the flight hair we were
really worried because she's not very
good in the car or anything where she's
might have to be sitting for a while so
we thought it might be it might be
really difficult but she was so good
better but yeah she's awake now so I
need to go and sort of her out but my
brows a bit too done so of course on the
first day of logging I haven't flogs
properly it's just it was just so manic
we went to the beach and I was like most
this one time trying to make sure India
was ok and everything and we've just all
got ready to go out with it we're gonna
go out for a dinner it's gonna be like
an early birthday dinner for me with
like friends and family so it should be
nice so I'm gonna bring the camera and
see if I can remember to film oh my god
she keeps standing for so long now
good girl hey guys it's my birthday
today I'm 28 yeah we're gonna have a
real nice day into this today we're just
chilling by the fourth row but I'm gonna
get some food and then we're gonna go
and kind of explore and drop the shots
and stuff in East Coast and a pool today
the Troy I'll try and get some footage
because we've got like and it's like I
think she keeps she's standing so much
of the moment where we're staying at the
Royal Beach Hotel he is really pretty
see the sea
I ordered a chicken Caesar salads and
it's got fluffle as well oh my god so
we've come out to have a look around and
this is always one of our favorite shops
whenever we come there are loads of
so now what one of my favorite Road she
thinks so much attention you hunt hunt
hand
in 800 meters turn
today we're in a part of town full of
gentle I always find that there's quite
a few from trendy sorts of places there
and it's just got so much it's just so
much history and character so yeah hello
so many nice home where bit so we're now
in a different part
we're in Haifa and we've just come into
our apartment that we're staying in and
it's so nice I want to wanted to show it
to you guys before we ruin it don't mess
it up with our stuff I'll give you a
little tour there's a little windy hey
Lindy you walk in hey be careful be
careful be careful all your rashes come
out which is glow well she gets a rash
on to her neck sometimes this is the
year well I'll show you the view later
probably but window I love this part
with like the palm and oh it's so cute
yep my living area oh we've got the bed
and oh hey little OOTD we doing look at
all
oh yeah picked up in a second
my top is I think it's forever 21 my
shorts are just Levi's and that's pretty
much it it's really basic today right
let me pick you up kitchen fridge and
all that jazz and then there's a there's
the bathroom and oh my gosh this place
was so nice so whoo and we're gonna get
ready they're gonna all have a big
family dinner and I'll probably film
bits and bobs as always I think this is
definitely gonna turn out to be a bit of
a mishmash okay well you know it's quite
difficult and I'm looking after her and
just trying to enjoy the holiday as well
so I forgot to show you outside look how
gorgeous
I love all the greenery everywhere
