hi everyone so wearing the same stuff as
we did in yes but yeah we're gonna do a
video on likes and like dislikes and
yeah we just thought we just thought of
it like one one spot so it should be fun
and maybe it'll be a tag yeah anyway I
like wait just a mere feet crash what do
you like love I love warm brownies with
ice creams what do you love I love
family guys
do you hate or not dislike this right oh
I just like that some say like long to
say yeah I don't like cyclists on the
road when you're trying to drive sorry
but you're sighs okay what do you really
like I don't like I don't like bubbly
boys in the water
I like studs and ripped jeans and
distressed clothes and Trump sheet
anyway one thing the one thing I like I
don't like mold or anything that goes
off freaks me out right what don't you
like
I hate sick that is my fear not that
anyone should like it I like Lee Evans
what do you like oh yeah I like scooby
Doo
I don't like don't like it when you try
and tell a joke or like you're with a
group of people and
you find something funny and then like
no one else has like a sense of humor
and everyone's just like I don't like
having to impress people
yeah I like being in the car at night
and like someone else preferably someone
else driving and you're just like in the
car and this little dark it's really
weird
why should I say this I don't know that
it's kind of relaxing them yeah I don't
know maybe just traveling at night or
like being on an airplane at night and
you look out the window and like a
season it often it looks cool yeah I I
like yeah I like I like camping in tents
up and hearing the rain not hearing rain
on the 10:00 at night
like you said okay I don't like that I
don't like it when you've got like a
play or food or you just bought some
food that's like delicious and then like
one person or like a lot of people is
like oh and it's like you're really nice
free just like so you are way what
you've got but you have to be nice I
always see it's nice to give the food
away but yeah and if you've seen the
Friends of Joey doesn't share food you
know exactly but you know what it's like
delish yeah I don't like not having
money I like I like they exist in a Mart
and getting poorer and like your big
drink and what you sharing it on someone
and you get into the film and then it's
good and then you have to go home but
like yeah I like the whole cinematic
thank you I like Taylor Lautner Oh cuz
he's gonna iron one Team Jacob now by
the way just
oh and you can tell us are you you can
call me up and tell us are you Taylor
Lautner Edwards oh no that's what it's
me there's Taylor Lord are you Jacob
yeah are you Edward or are you
Switzerland
Yeah right I don't like when people like
judge you on your like piercings and
tattoos and stuff like that I might
think you're that kind of person when
you're not that kind of person
from that or or when if they ask you
about it so it's like you think they're
like interested and then like to say
they're like oh what is your type you
say and I'm like this says that and
they're like oh like why would you also
quit like why would you ask the question
and then be like rude about the on site
you should even be like oh that's really
cool like because then you will just say
yeah okay I don't like bosses I said it
like is you're not comfortable with that
people everywhere and people's like
lifting me off and down yeah I don't
know I prefer trains and planes I don't
like getting at the shower and then it
you're freezing cold and you know you're
having such a good time in the shower
you like yeah even knowing that you've
got to shut it off soon
and then so you want to stay in there
longer but they I'm not gonna say their
blows so you're like it's really cold
and then you got to deal with the whole
drying cream I like going on holiday I
like America I love America so I'm just
gonna cram in another one as you know
that I love going to Disneyland in
America it's the best place ever eyes
I like watching scary films but this is
like a yeah it's great thorns but then I
always get scared
afterwards but I like watching them like
I'm more like a film and then I'm like
it's fun at the time and also I like
comedies and adventure and thriller yeah
but what's going to say but I don't like
lovey-dovey films I had to add another
like because it's the same kind of thing
but yeah like yeah they bore me just
like nothing except the night boom oh
the notebook so kissing you but yeah I
don't like mean people and wrong I don't
like I don't like throwing into a shop
and you see loads of stuff that you
really really like and you can only get
like one thing will do things and it's
like I want everything yeah so you went
to London yesterday and it was pretty
much like that yeah that is about it
let's treat Aksum Oh should we talk
David oh cool okay yeah we tag Davey J
Cole your tags on I like I don't like I
don't know it made me say like five
things yeah mad yeah I don't
know but anyway do that tax lien yeah
sweetie only on my site right yeah okay
yeah okay so yeah we're talking and I
hope you liked the video and yeah we
talk every one thing I want to do it I
leave it as a video response to this
video and all the dunnies videos yes
thanks for watching
I don't like go into what I'd like
we not speak americano
