hi everyone hi so yeah we decided to do
this video because we felt like we
really needed to do it because we've
been getting a lot of messages something
like this
not cool
come on okay alright so basically yeah
we get a lot of messages saying oh my
god you two look really different like
why'd you look really different oh my
god semi your sister but a lot of people
are like we appreciate if people ask and
they're kind of like respectful about it
but a lot of people are quite like rude
about it like how they say it and like
you look nothing alike lol and kind of
laughing at it and about it and it's not
cool - ed so yeah we wanted to clear up
like okay basically we are sisters yeah
we're sisters but we're half sisters
because we have different dads we have
the same mom who is English and my dad
is from Vienna
her dad is from Italy and all that so
that's why we get different but we are
so close that we're like you know we're
sisters so obviously if we women when
people ask what we are like no are you
friends or sisters like yeah we're
sisters yes yeah we're very very close
like closer than a lot of other sisters
actually are so it never even crosses
our mind to say like oh we're half
sisters or something like that so yeah
yeah but yes since we've both been on
YouTube together mmm obviously it's cook
well it's come up because people have
been like you look so different so yeah
we've we've had again a lot of like you
look so different you're not used as
Marilla and like when we go on Mike
holiday vacation together we get a lot
of people like what your sisters that
doesn't make any sense
I mean it's just disrespect like it come
I think sometimes you're joking but it
comes across quite disrespectful
sometimes and you know we don't to be
rude to you guys but it to us it's kind
of it is quite rude like I hit slap in
the face it's like oh my god you're not
sisters we are so yeah like we just want
people to kind of respect that and like
if you're gonna ask like don't ask and
like be like laughing at the end of your
comment you know like like it's a joke
you know is because I wouldn't ever like
ask anyone that I I've been personally
to me it sounds rude I would never dream
about asking anyone that I'll just
accept it and if they're like if that's
how their life is and that is
so yeah is that clear like yeah I don't
know how to say really but yeah we just
want to get out there because we find it
like people say it quite ignorant Lee
and it's not cool so yeah we're sisters
and we're on YouTube together now with
both doing videos and we just want evil
to accept that and yeah like we don't
mind if you ask politely but yeah don't
ask
like if ignorant Lee and yeah we just
want you to turn to our videos and like
not worry about us being sisters and not
the ancestors just worry about profit
here just have that was reinterred a
there's cover like slow down I think
that's about it really
thank you for watching and I know a few
people actually have been like that like
they were applied to the people and been
like with this just sisters like get
over it so thank you for the angle that
you guys - yeah thank you for do
understand him yeah that's normal about
it so yeah but anyway yeah and if we get
another comment asking if resistors I'm
gonna be crazy I was doing that and I'll
probably break my computer don't don't
do what your computer okay she'll bring
olive top right mmm oh it's so at the
time okay that's helpful that is helpful
yeah we hope you have a nice day where
am I looking I was like looking up there
hope you have a nice day guys
God okay we should promise be and we
should have this video so yeah thank you
for watching thank you like you
understand and we'll see you later yeah
oh yes I shall how you stop this thing
