hey everyone I thought I should do a
quick kind of log because I haven't been
blogging for so long my second tunnel um
I just I don't know I keep saying I suck
and then like I don't do it again but
yeah life's just been a bit crazy at the
moment I'm you know I'm not in
Southampton that UD I finished uni and
I'm at home and I was going to look for
a part-time job but then there's no
point that's all going on holiday in
about two weeks or so to its three weeks
so you know forgot a job I'd have to
leave well they wouldn't take me on
anyway because they give funny anyway
it's just long and yeah I've just been
chillin and seeing the boyfriend and
tumor Family really um no my laptop um
I've got like a bomb period it won't go
away and I don't know like what it is
because there's no there's nothing there
but it's like a bump yeah ah yeah she's
doing my makeup I was using this data um
yeah so maybe i'll be vlogging more soon
um not really going anywhere interesting
to vlog there's the thing but I think
I'm okay I think I'm going well I'm
going on holiday in on the first week of
july so just let you guys know if you
guys watching this you get a heads up to
when I won't be uploading videos on my
main channel I'm gonna be on a holiday
for I think about a week to try get back
on my vlog game and sorry I keep like
fiddling with this but yeah I don't know
else to say really guys oh just had a
bit of a dry patch I've been a bit ill
as well if I've had like severe hay
fever and then after the hay fever I had
affected my chest because I'm a somatic
and so that wasn't fun and then um yeah
then I got a call from that for some
reason like I've got a cough as well so
I don't know where the heck the cough
came from because I never have a cough
usually like I have a cough like once a
year pretty much it just wanted to
update you guys
anything else I cafe not really yeah
just look so for the next two weeks I'll
beach chillin I'll be doing some videos
and after that i'll probably be away on
holiday and then i might make some
videos and try not load the one I'm on
holiday hopefully they'll be Wi-Fi not
sure but yeah oh I'm paying to dye my
hair lighter or get lighter here for
holidays I wanna be more like sunkissed
honey blonde color and this sort of duck
I do like dark though but I'm gonna go
back to light I think and I was thinking
to cut my hair think it's have it curly
I don't know I keep changing my mind to
be honest um change my phone case you
got the pink one on it now um yeah I
think that's all I think that's it I'm
gonna try and get back into shape as in
let you know into shape for some of it
but then part of me just thinks I'm
happy with how I am and I think all i do
is i might do you like some situps and
so this is so random and some work on my
arms because my odds I hate them being
fluffy and the only thing I get quarters
off is my stomach on the beach so other
than that I'm pretty fine like I don't
wear my legs blah blah blah so I'm not
going to be dieting and like 20 lose
loads away I just want to like tone up
anyway I hope you liked this vlog of
space and uh yeah sorry there's like
summer scar on my eye and I don't know
you're like if you can see or not can
you see it got messy yeah okay so yeah
i'll see you guys in my next blog
hopefully it'll be something kind of fun
and yeah nice chatting to you by
