hey guys we haven't done a vlog for so
long just been all crazy and stuff and I
suck so I was reading Bubblegum's vlog
and oh my god glamour is giving away
benefit blocks like full-size benefit
product so i was very excited and I went
and yeah so I can't free because they
are giving three different ones away in
three magazines so this is what it looks
like I give them away free banner for I
pencil oh I pencils these are the free
ones and they were 45s where they must
be worth more than that anyway I know
they're quite expensive so I bought
three anyway I'll catch back of you
later what's that so yeah
should I get the mars bar wish I get the
galaxy the guys wondering why I'm
filming him hello she's gonna complain
people people of every right to complain
though they just say like we don't speak
English yeah sure was it should i come
from limb yeah I'd say I speak French
guys basically I want you guys to
subscribe to me in our eyes I want to
record a guy's head
look at his head what look what he's
wearing
I'd blendin
yeah even
so thanks right now
I don't think it's just inevitable would
I know so thank you so much he's going
to pay like Kanye don't like that lady
is a necessity no please like the winds
ruined a light day you had to choke you
waiting can I stop zooming into my face
if not your face
hi everyone so me and Danny of them ago
my sister I'm going to go to win for
today because i'm going to change this
well i might change i'm not sure bet
yeah can I go and I might do those logs
I haven't loved at all hmm so i'm going
to show you my outfit today and it is
just my hair's like to the side um I've
got this crop top thingy from top to it
yesterday and i'm wearing my Primark
kharghar hmm skirt tight these say yeah
see
you
