hey guys try and look in the camera it's
really hard because I can look at the
screen and it's like so much easier and
stuff
anywho I've got a new hair color and I
want you to tell me if you like it
whoa Susie huh yeah like this is how it
looked and she was looking like a lot
flatter than it fit would look because
I've got like a clip in it way so yeah
it's kind like that um I tried to Kyle
out a little bit
stop saying um so that it looks more
natural because I don't like it when
it's like dead straight because
obviously my hair does have curls in it
naturally and all that kind of jazz so
yeah do you like it wait let me go in
the Sun whoa okay so it's like like I
mean it's like dark brown oh yeah that
doesn't help but yeah it's just
basically so yeah I just wanted to show
you guys yeah um sorry I'm kind of late
it's so dark for me because as you know
I usually have like light hair because
my natural hair is like gritty like
brown like like if I'm in a Sun for all
time the front will actually like wave
blonde it's really weird because I'm
like half black that's how it is say
yeah wait shot yeah so yeah um so let's
take a look and put it up and tell me
what you think about my hair I might put
in some lighter bits as well so it kind
of lightens it up a little bit for
someone because obviously it's like dark
for summer but I don't feel like being
blonde this summer but then I probably
change my mind in a few days anyway so
yeah
what color - sorry keep going on about
it but it's just checking yes I'm going
down stuff Hampton today it was so
depressing but yeah I'll be back and
then I'll come back to London soon
because I miss it here that you can see
my car this is like my window and then
there's my baby I'm gonna get a new car
there I want to get like a perjurer
like I want to get a good car but
obviously I can't afford some just a
student and stuff at the moment world
focus yeah I should start doing I'm
videos on on this camera for my main
tunnel scene I'm totally blabbing I'm
really really sorry yeah but yeah anyway
I don't know if I'll do a vlog today but
if not I just put this video up and hope
you think about my hair do you like it
darker me or do you like it lighter I
think it looks a lot healthier darker
because they're lighter hair was like
looking a bit straw like and stuff so
yeah let me know what you think by the
way I'm wearing elf lip gloss what's it
called oh oh it's called molt's a k--
yeah cool malt sake and I'm in would way
oh that's messy we're doing and yeah
anyway sorry about the bubble babbling
but thank you for watching and a lot of
people have been asking what what a 2
says futures it says this too shall pass
and look at that you can see it the
right way round
because it's like reversed yeah and it's
okay okay I'm gonna put a link what is
that further I'm gonna put a link below
to the story that it comes from I read
this story about the meaning of this too
shall pass then that totally sold me and
I was like well on the phrase and I was
like I really definitely want this
phrase as a tattoo yeah I put the story
below check it out and there's a feather
and it keeps like blowing on me and yeah
anyway so Oh see you soon I don't know
what video to do next on the main turn
off it'll be something
yeah by what I didn't touch my hand
I don't lip gloss on my lips
