hey everyone I'm gonna do attack and I
was tagged by cheesy topics and I'll put
her link below and check her out she's
really sweet just some really really
good videos um yeah hi
okay how do you come up with your
username I might answer this I think in
my backstage should be crushed basically
I was thinking was like I love beauty
and stuff and I was like okay like I put
Beauty in the name because I love the
word Beauty anyway and I was like what's
up with it and I was like I kind of got
a crush on things beautiful because I
like I love things beautiful everything
that is beautiful and I was like Beauty
crush so yeah I just put it together a
surprise second question is what would
you do with 1 million pounds I think the
first thing I do is like go traveling I
just go like I just like bring people
with me I'm just like right we're going
and just like ghosts like New York
living anywhere everywhere that I've
always wanted to go I mean I finished
New York but I just love it there I
think I go there first it's going to
Cali
it's like South America there - I'm
great - my onyx always wanted to visit
there go rose um Japan Hong Kong yeah
and also I get a nice pace from West
harmony first I've moved my family out
and reasons like where they've always
wanted to go and then you know saw
myself out and go shopping
um third question is when are you the
happiest I think what I'm around my
family because when I'm not around them
I do get a bit down like I don't get
homesick I get like family sick okay
I miss being around you know my loved
ones and stuff so I think when I'm
around especially my sister she just
makes me laugh I just love her I love
her so much
and
she just makes me happy because she
understands me we understand each other
and she's just so fun to be around as
well we'll show most in brass in my
mother I don't know I've got loads once
was when I was waiting at bus stop in
Slough and I was laying to my bus and
the floor was really slippery excepting
me it was still raining and I had like
my head up and stuff I was like tired
from school bla bla and I was being all
that well I was a bit and really
excelled like you know you know tired
and stuff and there are some people set
up that stop with me and some people
like stood around as well and my I was
sitting on you know the bus seats that
move if they kind of go down an office
like that and of signal Morrissey and
then the Tony slip so my feet slipped
and then the seat went down and then old
like whoa my feet were like scrabbling
to get back up and everyone's just
staring and I was like oh that's just
great isn't it and then I couldn't look
at anyone in the eye it's awesome bars
that's funny yeah what is your favorite
thing about yourself maybe but I don't
take things too seriously I don't get
stressed easily I really don't get
stressed that easy um unless there's
something to be stressed about like when
it's deadline time winning something but
yeah I usually just I don't know I just
don't take life too seriously I don't
take myself too seriously
maybe that's who you want to take a
picture with oh my god I don't know
mmm maybe like I'd love to taking a
picture of like Marilyn Monroe that I'd
be amazing it's not like it's not like
it's gonna happen um Rihanna or beyonc√©
or someone I really like
or like a really funny guy like a
comedian like Leah burns or something
what is your dream job
something creative like a makeup artist
or something like styling or like I
would love to work on films and stuff
like that or in theater so yeah
hopefully one day I'll be doing it
what's your dream car I don't know
I like Aldi's um I like there's big rain
flavors as well like it's black one
might be pretty cool I don't know I'm
not really that fast as all of the car
looks nice um what is one thing you
cannot live without that's hard there
are so many things probably food because
I'm just obsessed with food and water I
can't think of one thing food water and
laughter I love to laugh a lot to be
happy so yeah three things sorry I did
and the last question is what is a
lesson you have learned in life think
okay I think the biggest thing about the
biggest lesson I've learned in life but
the biggest thing about life is that is
so short it is so short and you don't
even realize it or just go like that so
so I've tried to live like if I want to
do something just do it and like you
know what have you got to lose
life's too short to light light short
for a lot of things you need to be like
Moody to be pessimistic to be like to
not take risks to not just laugh at
things like don't take life too
seriously because it doesn't matter it
is a because yeah that's kind of what my
tattoos about my new time yeah as well
that's the kind of philosophy behind it
as well so yes those are what was that
those are my 10 questions and thank you
juice topics for tagging me and okay I
tagged Dickie 123 and Shelli
sweet oriental cat and I can't dig up
more be able to back I'm I tag attack
baby J cold as well if you're watching I
think that's it anyway I'll put I'll put
all the people attack below and yeah
I'll put the questions below as well and
yeah thank you for watching and I'll see
you later bye
