hi guys thought I might as well do thee
but backstage II because as not much to
the moment
Sunday afternoon and yeah I've got work
to do but he wants to do work FR so okay
I'm gonna start with the YouTube
questions I think okay so Jerry us what
do most people assume the nationality is
I don't know most people think I'm like
part black hmm sorry about my hair
no really I've gotten Brazilian before
and Asian like um Indian and Saul said
Japanese what just so random
yeah like if you name it someone's
probably said I might be that in the
past say Pinscher Punjabi or anyone said
do you ever plan on getting married yes
I want to get married around them older
Emma asked what do what would you
suggest wearing with a small light denim
jacket I don't know maybe like a white
lacy top and highway no yeah
high-waisted trousers or jeans or shirt
denim shorts but I mean I'd say a white
or black top would look people I don't
know yeah I'm not the best at and
thinking of stuff from off the top of my
head which is bad
oh she also asked where do I see myself
in 10 to 20 years time dreams job living
etc she says like key um
hopefully living in America or living
like in a really nice apartment in like
London central London um with a good job
and happy just happy I suppose um yeah I
just want to be happy and someone that I
want to be my lips look really scary try
and put lip gloss on
yeah that's not makes you any better
okay did you cut your hair looks lighter
yes me and AJ Cole are gonna play
musical instruments together yeah so
Davey J Cole I'm gonna get my recorder
out when we need up I don't even know
where it is I think I threw away
Victoria or cookie died at 33 asks um
just quite a few questions but they're
good questions well sure worst pet peeve
oh my god I have so many okay I'll do it
my nails
he um walking behind stone even people
people that walking slow um I hate
hearing people eat like like I hate it
when they're like I don't like
pessimistic people people that like on
the positive about stuff like though
there'll be a situation and they're
really negative about it I really hate
that because I try and think of all good
things of a situation
I really don't okay big pet peeve guys
that treat women like unless it alone
that is doing something to be treated
disrespectfully but yeah Menma see women
as just objects
all they think about is like sex and
stuff and I just gets my nerves you're
like Jack the lad guy isn't there like
oh yeah I do hers like stop being
disgusting you manhole sorry what's your
worth
what's your worst Fabio I'm not that
keen of the dark either like I sleep
with the light on if I can like I might
like little um well my OS spiders
there's some kind of spiders um oh my
god okay what scares me drunk people and
people and drugs
they scare me majorly like they're
really unpredictable and you don't know
if they're gonna be like that and like
do something to you so that does really
scare me people on drugs and drunk
people like really really drunk people
not tipsy people you know you get dodgy
men on the street that like haha I don't
like what
okay she also what's my worst pain
experience it's a really really bad time
on the plane but we have been waiting in
like you know before you get on the
plane and that bit before the seats and
stuff we have them wait in there because
the plane got cancelled for like eight
hours were like ages ages nature's think
once we like nearly stayed the night
over it was horrible so yeah being stuck
in the airport is not the best thing um
what what's your worst habit
oh don't know um my worst habit I
stopped it bad for me is I like eating
at night like go about ten o'clock at
night like I would had dinner about 6:00
and then it will get to like late and
I'll just get so hungry like oh dude I
want food loads so that's bad for you
shouldn't really eat that later so that
is a bad habit for me but for other
people I just say because I'm on the
internet like 24/7 why is that
how much money Lynette so yeah favorite
candy um Kinder Bueno Milky Way I love
dark chakra at the 70% dark chocolate I
love sure but I love the fizzy things we
put the lollies and the fizzy stuff and
it's like fizzes in your mouth best food
best restaurant food you love and why I
love Italian so Bella Italia even they
don't waste time in there they think
they're like the V's me I don't know
anywhere because I just am obsessed of
food so if you sell food then I'm good
thank you they Victoria for all those
questions they were a really interesting
questions I think she said also I should
do the American accent I don't say hey
guys that's not even American Maisie
caught and asked what do you use to
upload your videos onto blogspot I don't
I just didn't bed the YouTube video copy
the code and put on looks but where do
you buy your clothes
Topshop not so much toxic Ashley H&M new
look Primark Topshop River Island but
then other places like Republic and Zara
and places like that in your Topshop
makeup range where did you get your
stripe top from hm what age do you think
you should start wearing eye cream Irie
don't know I'm not really into eye cream
even though I need to wear it because my
eyes are getting bad so I don't know
maybe about 18 I suppose is your hair
naturally curly Kelsey asked yes very
very very very curly do you have a job
how do you afford makeup asked by
Katrina student loan I'm not gonna say
anything more than that when it's your
birthday I know that sin is in August
but which day is August
tense um would you consider going to
Guyana asked by a Kazakh Turkish Alan
yes I've always wanted to go and see
what it's like so definitely by the way
I've got some hash browns which I'm
waiting to cool down mmm with loads of
tomato sauce and Jessica at uni I'm
thinking I'll get in a car you need some
small town yeah it's worth it for me
because I go home a lot I don't might
stay in Southampton because it's not
that good here I yeah I have my car it's
handy what do you think of the Revlon
Photoready foundation I love it
I'm wearing at the moment I really like
it yeah do you plan on getting a new
tattoo soon do you know what you want it
to be asked by Victoria yes I was gonna
get a tattoo today actually but I just I
have to like think think really hard
definitely you know the last decision if
it's the right thing to do right now
yeah but if we want to get it this week
so I'll keep you updated hi Sam is you
ready for my American awesome hey Sam
what gnash are you okay I'm British
that's my nationality okay so that is my
third installment of backstage of the
aircraft and this time I'm gonna say
more so leave the questions in the
comments of this video I'm gonna look at
the videos more now because I think on
4th string people get a bit touchy about
stuff so yeah leave it below and your
name anything you want to ask me I try
to answer it for you and thank you so
much for watching and I think this is
kind of fun and interesting and stuff so
I'll see you guys in the next video
