hey guys so this is going to be the
second episode of my backstage of the
crush questions and answers video yeah
ok so I just get right into it this time
actually got loads of those questions
and I was a bit like oh my god how we're
going to answer these questions yeah I'm
going to go through them ones that I
think that would be like more
interesting to answer or more people
would want to know I'll answer more so
so yeah let's get to it one question was
do I play music instrument fade but I
used to play the piano and the violin
and the recorder because school made us
learn recorder which was just Robert and
the special masks I want to know do you
think 16 is okay to wear hills or do you
think not do you like my house I liked
white hills but I don't really wear them
the day because I like being comfortable
as well 16 I'd say four nights out not
fair in the day I read it I don't like
seeing young girls with Hills on in the
day I think it kind of looks not right
but on a night out yesha and mags 292 us
where ever been around the world and
I've been too ok i denti france spain
germany holland bulgaria cyprus mallya
Majorca marbella turkey um America
barbados antigua sebago um and Oh
where's other place oh i forgot i'm
going to put in the air you'll see o
Canada as well I've been to UM yeah Oh
Egypt yeah ok um
Carmen ass rock princess baby 22 us what
is my favorite childhood memory oh I
don't know I really don't know I don't
have a specific one but I just miss
living in harrow I think because I grew
up there so my whole childhood was in
Harrow and I do miss that area I don't
know if any of you like me from when you
were smaller and but you loved it where
you were before so that's just totally
how I feel where's my favorite film us
by Davina McCoy and I don't have a
favorite film but i love i love kind of
gangster films and then i love comedy
and i love action I like scary films but
I'm such a worse like I want to watch
and then I'll get scared that night a
really bad say like my favorite films
are I love Goodfellas um and I like
school of rock series on of unfortunate
events I really like you should really
see that film cuz i love Jim Carrey um I
don't know the notebook um yeah I like
loads a convict cookie dough asks and
cookie day at 33 asked do you have any
other siblings I have one sister and two
brothers and how do my boyfriend asked
me out I really don't remember hi do an
American accent though because every way
me I don't know what to say eva kelsey
ass um if you could pick one place in
the world to live well d America
definitely if you know me and or life
you'll know that um no in real life you
know i mean that i always say i want to
go move to America and I'd love to live
in either New York or LA yeah now
that'll go on to the formspring
questions and there are a lot okay we'll
try and get free location do you get
paid to make videos if you get partner
you get paid according to how many hits
you get and how many how many clicks on
adverts you get built I don't think
we're allowed to speak about how much
we've get paid
um do you practice anything that is
related to religion for example
meditation on morals I was brought up a
Christian I went to like two free
christian schools and they proper hammer
in like you know everything to do
Christianity basically I'm I went along
with it until I was about 16 and at 16
and I was like wait a minute some of
this stuff just doesn't make sense um so
I went into it basically I'm not very
religious I do have faith I do believe
in something but I don't buy into the
whole like all the stories and stuff
because it doesn't make any surface can
you share your most top played souls
right now okay um nothing on you b.o.b
I've really loved us on little freak
crusher Nicki Minaj I don't know I have
quite a few i play one of my all-time
favorite songs is cameo candy I love us
and always makes me really happy holi
asks what dress size of my I'm usually a
size 10 bit tiny depends on the shop
because they kind of change their size
depending on what shots why don't you
like people effing and blinding is that
from my Twitter I tweet that don't like
people effing and blinding I don't mind
when people swear but when they do it
for no reason like they're just squaring
to swear that gets my nerves about
what's my favorite TV show okay I don't
want that much tell you but ideas and
favorites friends family by family guys
so good and i still of the simpsons
before family guy and um well i don't
know i used to watch america's next top
model but I kind of stopped recently but
it's good Kimberly asks have I had to
need bad breakups if I have how have you
dealt with it um I haven't really had a
really bad one to be honest and say yeah
I'm not sure it's a really when you
first start making videos where you
worried you're friends with Z at first
that didn't even come to mind I just
wasn't really thinking about that and
stuff
um and now like some of them know and
some don't um i don't know i don't like
rave about it but if they find out about
our like explain it a bit because some
people find it like what so but i think
if they're a good friend that they'd
understand and just be like cool with it
Joe did Joe say us have you ever had a
brace on your teeth yes I had braces
when I was about 15 I think um for a
year and a half and I didn't mind them
actually I wasn't I wasn't loving them
but i would do hate them so i was like
well it's worth it in the long run see
good times be asked what is your
favorite dinner to eat Italian I love
Italian food too much I love pasta
that's my favorite and I love pizza and
I love Chinese food as well but it's
usually quite bad for you so yeah but I
just love to cook in general Michelle us
what is my favorite and female singer
that had to be Beyonce I've always loved
Beyonce since i was young i went
shielding Destiny's Child and stuff soon
we don't say um Alisa Tomlinson asked do
you have any heroes or people you look
up to and I'd say obviously like my mom
family um I don't really don't know
really I don't really have like someone
that I want to be like because I just
want to do what I want to do do you want
to have children in the future yes of
course Nancy asked if you travel
anywhere you want if you could travel
anywhere you want where would it be and
why I'd probably say South America I've
always wanted to pray there see what
it's like also I've ways one is go to
Japan China and I'd love to like do a
road trip around the US that'll be so
like fun if you were great people that
would be good i think her ass um hey do
you think that the barium grinnell
pushed goes with medium to dance in
tones I think crazy to go with my skin
tender like if you don't think it suits
you then why don't I get my nails then
it's just personal preference but it
should do you the Sugar Puffs t-shirt
from my eyebrows video that is from
there's a shop and corn history that is
called like two names car Mumbai Oh
David and Goliath okay David and Goliath
in Carnaby Street go downstairs and
that's where I got it from what done if
they'll still have to go I haven't tried
the bully Brown concealer now and by
wanted supposed to be brilliant and
someone else was the best concealer to
use um fully the best one has been going
by benefit my benefit um I think that's
about it um with me concealers like the
score i'm always trying to find like the
best one at the moment i just started
using a next one which is actually
pretty good so yeah that's what i'm
wearing today so yeah that is my second
episode of backstage of you crush so if
you want to submit your question just
leave it below or leave on my formspring
i put the link below as well and please
include your name and ask me anything
you want and it should be in the third
video for you third so yeah thank you
for watching and bye assume in the next
one
