very hey guys I can't start this locket
just feel so excitement looks good I
don't know it just feels like ages and
but hi sorry it's been like a bit of a
gap we've obviously had a lot going on
with moved house and she's watching me
built it just there's been so much to
sort out and we're going away as well
next week so yeah we've been having to
unpack and everything and been a bit
crazy like when you've got a six like 47
months old you know when you got like a
baby and you're trying to move and
unpack and like keep working and stuff
it's bloody mental yeah we've kind of
got my city unpacking done now Jason
just got to unpack his clothes taken in
server like it's just you don't guys are
like so just like me so I just wanted to
do a little bit of a catch up at the
beginning of this blog I've been filming
like a short clip every now and then I
don't have any makeup on but I don't
know husband turnout and B I've been
filming a few like clips kind of over
the last week or so as we've been moving
in so I'll just lock those in now you
don't want to do too many things and
then this one is called easy updo
everyone would just be like
a plastic or this is really hope you
gave you is for your trick I see so die
are you coming to dinner King Kong thing
today it's Friday today we've got some
free time we're not going to have Indy
today so I'm going to be doing some
filming I like to put up foot like
that's like camera just before I go away
and I feel so bad I'm always taking
things away from her remember you might
choke on that
I'm sorry she's just was everything I
feel bad because I'm telling her she
can't have things all the time but then
I try and give her her stuff today I'm
going to do some filming so that I've
got some content for the fry go away and
I've just been meaning to pick up the
vlog camera it's just been a bit nuts so
today I'm picking it up and I love this
top this I've had this little how long
now like cooking like three years it's
one of my go-to like lounging around the
house tops and slash pajama tops
it's a half top it's huge it's like an
extra-large size but I love it so I
can't see I've got it in tel-aviv
actually when I was there a few years
ago and yeah I don't know what mmm okay
I want to show you guys around the house
I will show you guys I mean you guys
will see the rooms anyway like as we're
looking you know like day to day the
kitchen is amazing is so much more more
than the old one I hated the other
kitchen we were in
like all tiles though tiles they were
like farmhouse tile and it was just so
dark and dingy and this place is so much
brighter so I think I'm going to feel
like vlogging so much more we a few bits
we've bought over from the office as
well that we had like this pretty cool
in the offices these flowers were and
this is one of the only new things we've
got it's from loaf and they have oh my
god everything they do is amazing we've
ordered a loaf so far as well just give
you a little look of the living room
this is like the messy corner at the
Raymond I don't like this table and so I
wanna get rid of that this we just got
this yesterday from home census basket
for her toys it's really cute she goes
in there and tries to blow she picks out
what feels like playing with this I
think I want to kind of fill up with
magazines and stuff oh look cool
there's a really nice light at the
moment well this isn't actually fit
isn't how I want it to look but rough
kind of fireplace little Bubba beige a
sill and then over here we've got our
prints we've had them for ages an old
sofa but yeah I'll show you guys more of
a house you know like in time and I'm
just gonna Oh God look at this
oh I've had my hair done as well but it
looks horrible I literally haven't done
it yet so don't judge it and I need to
I'm going to bleach it up a little bit
as well I'll probably see you once I'm
indie free ok indie it's gone for a few
hours
understands about the film
done filming I filmed two videos and
then I did like some cutaways and things
and I've done a bikini haul but it's not
something I'd usually ever do and I'm
not really like her like hey come look
at the end of Keaney kind of I mean I'm
not like that but I don't know I just
really wanted to share with you once I
got I try to do it classily as I could
I'm just trying to grab everything
together I'm going to go and do some
editing and then maybe later I can
bleach my hair so I need to do that
definitely when indeed not around good I
can't let half bleach around her and yes
when the guys sit get coffee get some
food often already too much today meet
up with Jess on the house is so quiet
without indeed just saw you back upset
but thought I'd show you guys my very
simple outfit of the day this is so
boring but I'm wearing a stock which is
from American Apparel
which doesn't exist anymore but it's
really comfy and these jeans are from an
outfit tips
they're like straight leg ones I love
them and then my kind of sliders from
Topshop and I love these oh and he's
putting your battery and bag is j.crew
and then I've got my tote I can never
pronounce this is like um George
oh my god who's washed up ja it's so
good
go watch it it's so good I really I did
not want to eat meat for like a good
week after after watching it it's so
powerful
anyways random honey to go
I mainly just got emails done god they
took ages they'll do me like an hour off
Jason still in London so it's going to
crack on with everything I need um just
got in I think I'm going to reach my
hair now just to get out of the way from
those really annoying things when you
need to dye your hair in a diploma I
cannot be bothered then I'm going to hit
my videos
on a sidenote me and Jason finished
ozarks last night and it was so good or
Netflix so almost a prize but yeah I'd
highly recommend watching it it kind of
like breaking bad but but I didn't love
Breaking Bad I love I love the actors in
Breaking Bad but I found that it really
drags we're like we were the only people
we know that didn't like it we stopped
around the sly episode if you're like
what is going on but I love where it's
set I love things that are set in is it
like Midwest
I'm the ignorant but is it like Midwest
America and kind of like out in the
sticks and I don't know I just I love
things that are set there so that's what
I love to read in gone girl as well
because like the setting of where the
second half was was anywhere don't give
anything away
I'm loving your pictures of the candle
it's so close and see the candle like in
different people's home your comments on
is just so lovely thank you guys and
I'll link it down below if you guys will
get your hands in it there are a few
left I have updated my blog as well
recently if you guys wanna check it girl
and there'll be another post growing up
really seen actually probably by the
time you watch this but I but I'm always
updating my currently loving bit like
I've got mostly things I've got this
this this I really like this crop top
bikini top this off the shoulder denim
jacket love this dress if you guys liked
my polka dot and you top that I have it
sold out but now they have this dress I
want it so badly
how am I gonna but yeah that's new on
the book I got indeed asleep about 10-15
minutes ago which is not easy at the
moment because she's kind of still to
all she's teething so it's a night times
are so difficult but she's finally down
what she's down she's usually like good
and she might get up like once so that's
usually about it which is amazing I'm
just sitting in the living room I'm just
gonna carry on with a bit of work and I
just ordered a delivery I wouldn't offer
it we literally have nothing in the
house like we've only got we've only got
like some spinach bother you're like
really random bits like nothing to make
a meal out so I'm gonna I'm just waiting
for that to arrive and I'm going to
crack home with some black Jason is now
I didn't I forgot to vlog in when he
came home but now he's gone training and
so I think I'm going to end this blog
pretty much you might see a little bit
more but that's about it
yes thank you guys for watching and I've
done our proper life update video so
that will should be up the week after
this video goes up
I've got the Darjeeling Limited I'm in
the background and just feeling a little
bit chilled which is nice I think it's
the first time I've had point from
chimichanga it might eat really bad I
have no idea it looks quite nice I am
Mexican Cobb salad but where's where's
all into kebab the little area
kebab it's not this is tortilla tortilla
strips it's dry there's no sir I don't
ah why I guess I'm so funny about salads
and sauces like if when people have dry
I remember when people have the right
balance I'm like what are you doing
you need a sauce on it no salads is what
makes people not like salads but you
have to have dressing anyway right
please try it so anyway aha the dressing
is like underneath it's hidden thank God
okay like do you wring out my food
sriracha have to go on everything oh
right pochittona good I like it
oh my god good oh geez right man
