I'm here with my sister Dani Daniela and
yeah we just thought we'd do a random
like vlog video and we buy think we look
for because they're lying
kind of sucks yeah I read I know why you
telling me that you've got that say oh
yeah today I've got lipstick from Mac
and it's called pink I heard a lot about
it okay but yes it's nice
thanks got on at the moment well I might
show you an app or something we went to
Westfield in London in Shepherds Bush
area and the parking costs 12 pounds
that was so ridiculous that is
ridiculous
a bill is fun yeah cuz oh yeah oh yeah I
do this it's 40 shapes and it's nicer
but you're they will have vaginas but
actually their vaginas but I don't mean
to I'll just join like their body so you
read them that one is pear shape isn't
it yeah that's pear shape for that one
is on insulative that what it is
oh yes Apple so it happened to the hair
but I thought you know they might just
be creative you can like to see what one
you are we think with this one yeah um
does that mean I'll ask you questions by
yourself okay how are you 16 where's
your favorite place one living almost
hard shaken I love Turkey it smells
funny even a memory
Herbie but America is and Barbados as
meaning was your favorite subject at
school and one of you go
what's your favorite drink
probably fruit juice orange how would
you explain your style just anything
really just anything I liked
there we have a particular starts kind
of okay what's your favorite high street
store what a favorite smell smell
coconut yeah good nice to be a good on
Gooden yeah what is something like a pet
peeve like something little that annoys
you like one of mine is when people turn
with their mouths they can really know
who's I just doing that oh no no like
eating um I don't like you could guide
sooner with three famous people from
this time or the past who would they be
Michael Jackson like I'd say thanks I'd
say like Rihanna she's always gonna say
that old Beyonce probably she's yeah
cause the signals yep you don't say um
good night wait Angeline Jolie something
yeah nothing like a guy that's right
very funny like Leah's oh yeah like a
like and sharks what's your star sign
Capricorn
okay what's your Chinese chicken
they have like rats and ate me but
there's like this toy I got the snake
yeah do you like snakes snakes we like
snakes and when we went to America there
was a man he was like walking around
with a massive swing and he was like do
I not know solid it's not like okay I'll
be held a baby alligator as well I mean
shoulders what's your favorite hobby
what makes you happy to do dancing
singing acting she's so good at singing
and just traveling will you start
YouTube oh yeah I've been saying she has
to start YouTube do you guys do you guys
want to see my sister's YouTube leave a
comment but she does always a hater so
haters just stay away okay I've got
clear something up to you guys if you if
we get comments saying like we don't
look alike and blah blah because I've
had a question in my last video about us
being heart sisters so we have different
as we have the same mom but we are the
closest sisters ever so please don't
like comment saying like oh you're not
sister do you look alike so that's why
yeah we should favorite chocolate
chocolate Alex what's your favorite
Finch fish the other famous for this
come on Nemo Jenni clownfish other city
question if you won the lottery what
would you buy
what would you do mm-hmm just fly away
to different countries never come back
yeah no like boring house in America
yeah
okay Wendell birthday Christmas Day
Christmas wave evil what's your favorite
film and Leah and School of Rock
Scarface gone in 60 seconds I hate when
people say favorite films I don't have I
can't I don't hear I mean something
easier just loads of films what about
the state like serious unfortunate event
something I wanna read the next one I
always forget yeah and if you're a boy
for a day what would you do oh just I
don't know just listen to a boy say like
I don't know yeah oh no I'll be like to
just go toilet anywhere yeah I've got
toilet I'll go toilet eyes blue doesn't
do this every day and I was looking at
my over at the safest I'm like this
woman was just feeding a baby from her
baby and she was just like she had it
out and I was like well then it made me
think of Lee happens when he was like
women just get one out in the middle of
town and you're like wasn't a baby you
just got if you're easily all mine
Bayon mark and whenever we hear an
American accent we like Oh from below we
like take us with you why they're here
yeah she'll speak okay so thank you guys
watching thumbs up for Danny a long
story short you'll be seeing in touch
thing goes on the screen and we'll see
you later
oh yeah thumbs up the true American
American than we love you if you're into
all we will stop by an American up
