hey guys so I'm going to be doing a few
kind of like a series of videos on my
second channel here that i put together
and it's going to be like questions that
like random questions that you guys are
score that I get asked and their means
well they mainly going to be taken from
my formspring form stream formspring
page so i put the link to that in the
blue bar and yeah go on there ask me
whatever question you one I'll answer it
on my own this channel or on another
video and I'm going to like title the
video something I don't know what to
tell them yet yeah so anyway I've got a
few questions on my formspring at the
moment I'm going to answer them and also
if you can't go on formspring forever
reason you can leave a question in the
comments to this video so don't leave
them anywhere else like on the main
channel anything put them below this
video or on my formspring these say yeah
okay i'm going to go through them and
they're really really super random but I
kind of think that's fun okay so um
celebrity crushes thus dust all the
questioners just stuff oh I also can you
guys please me tell me your names and I
can say this question is from so-and-so
and then i cants the question I think it
makes it more like personal to you and
you'll know that it was your question so
yeah celebrity crushes I don't really
have that many I don't know like Johnny
dirt obviously I really did fancy
columbus short mmm and I used to plant a
talent am but I don't I don't know
I really don't know I don't have that
many separate questions to be honest um
do you have a heart tattoo no I don't
I've got a video on my tie so you can
check that out um I have blonde hair and
light brown eyes what I shadows would
best suit me I've always stuck to the
same kinds of brown okay um blonde hair
and light brown eyes mm maybe try I
don't know try earthy colors like an
earthy green or all like I don't know uh
brown eyes I'm not really sure because
like I don't have brown eyes obviously
so I'm not really sure like what you
should put with brown eyes oh I know
that like golds and stuff at latrine I
sorry i suck with that question um are
you on facebook yes I am but I keep my
main facebook to like everyone that I
know in your life and stuff but I do
have a fan page but I think it'll making
another like actual facebook account
just for like everyone that wants to add
me on there and then i could post
pictures on there and stuff because I
find it a bit easier well is that pink
lipstick but you always wear asked by
Danny um hmm i don't know it probably
pink fees from maybelline but that was
sent to me in a swap set from the US um
or maybe it's love lon for mac yeah
nothing oh my god you have great fashion
sense love watching your outfits add a
video wanted to wants to ask what you
would recommend wearing with a crop
leather jacket skinny jeans or boot cut
thanks um I think skinny jeans for me
but that's personal ID where I think you
can balance out if you have bigger hits
bootcut can balance out your hips a
little bit more which I might need help
with but then yeah I don't know just
cropped jacket and skinny jeans sounds
good to me he did tutorial on back
combing hair I might do but it's so so
simple like then there's so many
tutorials out there of backcombing so I
don't know if you guys need to see that
really um what color dye do you use in
your hair that's if you dye your hair I
don't know i don't like usually I just
change the color of my extension because
my has super short and like it doesn't
really show through that much so yeah
but when I'm doing my hair like when I
do diet I just kind of um forget any
died i'm not really fussy like l'oreal
war what's your problem i don't know
like um also garnier and I don't know oh
yeah I'm not as fast as long as the
color is right then I used to just go
with that is the girl from drayton manor
from the drayton manor trip video your
sister she doesn't look quite your
sister and we have different dads we
have the same month and different dads
so yeah we've always got people saying
you don't look alike you don't look
alike it's like yeah well half sisters
but we're so close that we just don't
think of it as that and I do find it a
bit ignorant when people like yeah well
you're not sisters and you're like oh
yes beyond like we've lived together all
our lives we've I don't know we just
sisters
yeah we don't look alike but we're used
to that by now um what camera do you use
I use a logitech quickcam pro for note
pads or something and also i use a sony
camcorder now but us only in a few of my
videos so it's made me this webcam I've
been using and high where do you buy
your journey from it's really cool um
thank you and most of it i buy from
topshop river island or just wherever
that I see it and I'm like oh it's
really cute um this ring is from
accessorize my flowering and yeah
anywhere i'm not really fussy but
topshop always has Julia that I love
that's why GFI fake eyelashes a lot not
really i've stopped now because I'm
actually allergic to powder latex and
when I use the glue a lot of them
and all of the play has latex in it
which I'm allergic to so it makes my
eyelid puffy and my eye gets watery and
it's just horrible safe I haven't been
able to wear them for a while I wish I
could but yeah on a regular I usually
just wear them on a night out Oh what
are some of your hobbies um okay Aug I
don't know um I like reading I like
reading magazines I used to read like
books a lot but then recently I kind of
stopped there why um shopping I don't
know what do I do oh I like cooking like
I really like wise not with new recipe
and then like getting it right and it's
like I get really happy if I get it
right and yeah I do like the thing I
find it kind of relaxing and stuff I
love going to the cinema I love going
that I get in popcorn and the whole
experience it's like fun see ya maybe
that's about it I like travelling as
well I love going to new places see new
things and I like playing with makeup as
you want Lucy us where and when did you
meet your boyfriend um we met for a
friend and um I met him mmm don't know
about two years ago something like that
i'm not sure yeah so that's it so that's
what the patient's I've been are so far
if you want your question to be in one
of my videos then go ahead ask the below
or ask me or my formspring but yeah
please tell me your name so then i can
say who asked me a question I think it
sounds a lot better one it sounds real
because it's like from the person that
has a name so yeah go ahead get asking
away the randomest question you want but
no you're like Georgina's you know I
mean so yeah um thank you for your
questions and I hope you find this kind
of enjoyable
this is just the first day yes I hope
there'll be more questions and stuff in
the future so yeah yeah I hope you're
having a good day and I'll see you in
the next video bye guys
