hey guys um today I've just like filmed
a hair tutorial and as you can tell my
hair's different it's like straight
extensions and I just like curled them a
bit and I got a video and it's a yeah I
don't know if you would have seen that
yeah well not depends on a minute anyway
um yeah I'm gonna well I want to talk
about your own style your own like your
own choices going to fit you eyelets
here and stuff like that and so I put
what I'm wearing I'm just like chillin
so I just felt like vlogging yeah
basically like um since when I was
younger I never really copied other
people's style there's points where you
know you put some plates where you do
and when you're not sure like what to
wear and then you'll see some someone
wearing something and that kind of gives
you an idea and obviously that happens
all the time that you know I was never
really one you know I mean sometimes you
see groups of girls and they're already
exactly the same thing and I tried not
to do that and I found my personal style
not even long ago maybe in the last two
years I've kind of found my own style
that I like cuz I never knew like what
suited me I've never been like a girly
girl I mean I'm a girly girl in some
ways but with how a dress I don't really
wear too much too many dresses as much
as I love pink I don't wear that much
pink um I don't know how to explain it
um just my style isn't very gay anyway I
just wanted to like put it out there so
a lot a lot of young girls and what
whatever age you are really but whatever
style you have or whatever you feel like
dressing or however you want your makeup
to be just do how you want it to be and
the biggest a big thing is in school
like if you're different different if I
was then a lot of the time you'll get
penalized for it people would be like oh
my god like you know they'll point you
out just because you're being a little
different and that is such a bad thing I
hated that so much when I was in school
I hated school personally like a lot of
people love school high school a little
school I really hated school people
would be so horrible and that happens a
lot but it it can't just destroy your
confidence as well so if you've got a
way that you want to dress and how you
want to be then just be that way like it
doesn't matter what anyone says if they
like it or if they don't like how have
you just someone's gonna like it and
someone isn't gonna like it you can't
help that everyone's got different
opinions and different style and you
know I have had people like laughing at
what I'm wearing and laughing at my
makeup and but it's just like we'll go
for it it's my twist it's not your
choice you can wear what you want to
wear oh well I'm gonna wear so I wanted
to just everyone know to just be
confident in how you want to dress and
if you feel like you have to fit into a
group of how they dress or whether but
you don't want it then don't no one's
saying that you have to dress how the
people dress so if this video is
confusing I just like I wanted to get it
off my chest
I didn't know whether to put this on my
main channel but I think hopped on my
vlogging channel and then I might do
another video and like self-confidence
in my main channel as this is kind of
similar similar topic to that what else
can I say I just wanted to let people
know to just be themselves because if
you're different then that's a good
thing being different is interesting
it's not interesting to be you know our
chlorine or it's hard to explain that I
just think like there's a few quotes
like that as well like if you're
different
why conform to be like everyone else
because like you know diff different is
a positive thing and
yeah I don't have to explain it but I
think you guys know I mean I just you
know when you see some people being like
getting so much stick for just having
something differently you know my pink
fluffy bag for example Heath would be
like AHA look at her bag and it's like
okay it's bag just because it's not a
black playing bag you don't like it
like you know little things mmm
safe Falls going out and I wore like a
bright neon pink lipstick and then some
I'm guessing some people would be like
oh my God look at her lipstick it's like
I'm just wearing one different thing
just because I'm not fitting into what
you think is normal and what I don't
know what is wait the what is seen to be
normal then why is that why is that a
bad thing
I mean so and mmm more times than I mean
more times I find that what I do
something different or when other people
do something different or wear something
different you know you do get people
that will try and take the mick you but
then it actually inspire some people
other people do want to like wear that
thing or look that way and it's kind of
inspiring so you know if you've got any
little any little thing or big thing
about you that you really want to youth
or comfortable for you then definitely
do that so yeah I think that's kind of
yeah just be confident how I feel is the
more I just how I feel comfortable the
more confident I feel if I dress like
what I don't feel comfortable in I don't
feel as confident if I dress really
really girly I kind of die for
comfortable comfort it's not me like I
don't feel like it's me so then I don't
really you know I don't walk with
confidence that makes sense
I wasn't too long but just wanted to put
that out there and I'm trying to think
forgot any updates I'm gonna three week
break right now like Easter break I
think it's spring break in the u.s.
maybe so yeah I've got a lot of time to
be do something basically it's raining
outside right now all alight and it
sounds all crazy you know when you're at
home and it's raining and it's like you
can hear the rain and it's relaxing
yeah um I know is I'm gonna say
something and then I'll forget to say it
and then I want to add it in but so on
that brings for ages
I'll leave it at that so thank you for
watching thank you for listening to me
babble and have a good day bye guys
