hello um today I'm gonna do a sorry a
review on the favorites whoa
sales tax sales self-tanning mousse and
you may notice that I'm really smart
because I just put a jean jacket okay
it's not a different day but it's not um
yeah just recorded my tattoos and
piercings video so yeah the reason I'm
doing this review on my second channel
is because it's not something like I
really enjoyed and went away like it's
not a major thing to me so I don't know
it's not something I want to showcase on
my main channel
I just don't know you like but I don't
know how many people are interested in
there but I'm just gonna do on my second
channel that way if you search for it
you can still see my video that will be
in this channel so yes so it's and this
is my bloodline channel bit just friends
and a few guys so yeah the st. Moritz
instant self-tanning mousse I got this
off a website it's called now but I'll
put the link in the sidebar for you and
okay thing is right anyway um I don't
use fake tan my bloody I don't feel that
I need it as I'm I'm half Chinese like
my dad's like pretty much black so don't
feel like I need self tan or my body but
as my face is like two shades darker and
my body which you can't see them um I
hope every now and I wanted to try a
kind of tanning thing on my face so
that's why I bought this so I haven't
used it on my body when used on my face
whoopsie anam yeah it's probably good on
your body it probably wouldn't do the
same thing that's on my face and my body
basically okay I'll use this I used it
maybe twice and the thing is right it
comes out it's like this it's like a
pump-action
and it comes out have a shame I just
test it and it's like that loose
obviously so you can see it contact
pretty dark and then if I take a bit put
up my hand
you should blend it in so it's kind of
disappeared but when you put it on my
finger
yeah when you put it on it is quite dark
on the face especially in my face iPhone
cuz my face is quite pale and um but
let's you whack it into okay and then
it's kind of fine I can't be fine
obviously after you fast put it on and
it does make did make my skin a little
bit darker but after about 10 to 20
minutes it kind of made my skin blotchy
and I'm not sure why just parts of my
face will come up even more like parts
of my face should be like two more
shades darker and parts of my face would
be this like how it's supposed to be so
like bits here here would just be darker
but I did write a review on this my
blogspot and I did say that I really
doubt that's gonna happen speckle and I
really reads out that and I think this
has got a little good review so I think
other people do really like this product
um so basically it doesn't work for me
that's why I haven't really used it
again and it's it kind of sucks the VOC
I'm not going to use at my body I don't
know I know you just don't really worry
but I might sell it if it won't this
then let me know I might sell it but um
you can get it quite cheap anyway but
yeah so I think it's is pretty much like
this st. Tropez central Pay and bronzing
mousse which I've also tried and that's
done exactly the same thing so it's just
my skin really I think if you were to
get this up pretty fine um yeah so it's
I just
basically this is a really really good
Duke the center pay one it does do that
here same thing and I liked it apart
from that it made my skin watching and
but another good thing is it only lasts
for like a day so if you don't like it
you're only going to be with it for a
day if you or I got my bed if you see my
if you see my um pilots I regret buying
video then I'm wearing it actually on
that day so you can see that my skin's a
bit darker and it just looks like I've
got more makeup on but I don't but it's
just that so that's the kind of shade my
skin will go with putting foundation on
top if you were wondering like if you're
mixed races where law you've got a skin
tone like mine then um I would recommend
it because your skin probably probably
won't be blood to get something like 399
or $2.99 really cheap so you guys I
really it's definitely worth it if you
like the seneschal pay one you'll like
this one definitely and it's pretty good
because you get quite a big size as well
so yeah I think that's pretty much my
review if you want to see my written up
review then go my blogs for its beauty -
crash blog spot.com but I put the link
in cyber and and pretty much I've seen a
few people rave about this product and
it's really great for the body but I
don't like using it on my face and bit
funny with my face stuff so yeah I hope
you found this helpful I hope I covered
everything and you can put it on if you
want it even dry pastel your body you
can put it on and then wait and then put
another layer one kind of thing and it
will develop even darker but that's if
you do want to go quite dark it's really
weird because I'm mixed-race but I don't
like looking really dark I don't know
why does anyone else like that okay I
don't know yeah I don't like to compare
my day went for me doc so thank you so
much for watching I hope it was helpful
and I'll see you in my lips
left as you my next random look okay so
hi
