hi guys and today I thought that today
I'm going to talk to you about my
tattoos and piercings and my experiences
and you know what I think about their
blah blah blah because basically I mean
they've always been a love of mine I get
a lot of questions on formspring and
Annie and YouTube sometimes about my
tires and piercings what ones I've had
what hurt the most you know all those
kind of questions they thought I don't
see you with this video so I always
wanted to tell you since I was like
living
thrifting know before then but that's
what I seriously started think that I
get him on at like 15 like decided what
I have mutton and stuff like that I
always thought like I really really
wanted one I was always like I'm not
gonna get on the front 18 because if I
do get one before I'm 18 then why should
I trust a tattoo artist like he's not
doing his proper job so when I hit 18 I
finally kind of decide to decide what I
wanted or ideas for I'd want to get and
my birthday isn't all this and I got my
first hat or in October so I waited like
two months like get one I saved up money
to get it I think I'd like my first job
then and my first proper job anyway and
sorry and I was so excited I like to
read planned out
I looked into all the tattoo meanings
like what every every type of tattoo
means and where it originates from and
like words originate forms love blah um
and I just really loved bold and old the
old-school chemistry's and I came across
the Panther one which I know a lot of
people and a lot of people have it but I
think it's a really really classic
tattoo and it symbolizes like strength
and that life can end as fast as the
Panther can run so I went and got my
Panther tattoo when I was 18 and I loved
it as
I loved it and I still love it it took
about two and a half hours so I want to
show you my patent the lump I can't show
you all of it because I can't you think
I parked the ones on my hip say that's
the top path with my panther oh so happy
yeah it's pretty big my mom was like
what have you done to your leg because
it goes down to my leg a little bit not
properly but yeah she doesn't like toys
at all so I think I was about a year
year after or so um I started really
really wanting her passing again it was
calm that's my birthday and I was
looking at wording tattoos I really
really liked how scriptlets on the body
and I still do and I was looking up
words were as I could get and I've
narrowed it down and narrowed it
narrowed it doesn t carpe diem which
means seize the day
it's in Latin or live laugh love but
yeah basically I've got live laugh love
on my wrist that's the one that everyone
sees in my videos and I just got it in a
script like just a normal scripts I'm
and now I kind of wish huckle it in a
more unique script but I suppose it's
okay like yes it's not in like Times New
Roman or something last year I've kind
of what month it was actually went to
the tattoo shop again we went with about
four of my friends got tacitly feeding
my boyfriend got tattoos all together we
will put them on the same day and to
like go in and be like hi like five of
us on Saturday or four of us whatever
and they were like oh okay I see and
stuff that's how I'm my third one I
chose to get a poem it's kind of a short
poem that I I write about my mom and my
sister like life
they're like the two closest places
people in my life like they've always
been weave
when Osprey together so yeah I got that
on my ribs and it hurt yeah her a lot I
think you know what when I was getting
it done there was there was a fire alarm
going off in the tab and paste pilot
place and it was so loud it was like it
was like beep beep beep beep like really
really loud and I was trying to
concentrate on like holding in the pain
and then like also um one of our friends
was like so many getting it done so he
was in my face like blaming me like um
and um
say that was hot and I'm literally
standing there like watching me get done
sold like the last one to get it sound
like it was they kept the shop open to
need to get mine done Oh
so that wasn't experience but it took
about 40 minutes it was quite quick I
think you muster unfortunately yeah so
I'll show you my ribs one angels play
sound sweet sorry sorry my most asked
questions are usually with tattoos they
usually like did your wrist her how much
does it hurt is it her I mean what I'll
tell you so I'm training what they are
but they do hurt they kind of feel like
being scratched by a hot car if you can
imagine that like it's like a cat
scratch and it kind of feels a bit hot
but once it's finished you're fine my
kiss it doesn't hurt afterwards at all
it's just about bearable like depending
on where you get it terrible pain I
think that's what most so many people
get in and it's like the pain you forget
so then you want to go and do it again
and again I find it kind of addictive
and I really do want another one seemed
actually piercings okay I would go
through what here since I've had in my
life
okay so I've had a bakery in
chronological order for you okay when I
was about
ten maybe I've got my ears pierced
that's quite late actually a little kids
get them done early I hate losing my
earrings they fell out anyway so then I
got my ears pierced again when I was
about twelve maybe lost them they may um
closed up got them done again when I was
about fifteen fourteen fifteen
they stayed in then I got my nose
pierced when I was about 16
my bellybutton pierced when I was about
16 17 then it didn't take it kind of
reacted my body reacted to it let's take
it out because I don't think I want I
want to leave any piercing in that is
aggravating my body somebody's telling
me not to have it in there but second
holds down then and they just Dylan I
got my classes it's done I got my
tongues on when I was about 18 um I love
the tongue one I have to take out it was
like one of my favorite piercings the
talent doesn't isn't happening when I
got it done but the tongue swells up for
about a week or so after you get it done
because if basically it's just trying to
heal itself
it's just healing so it's going to swell
up and it you can't eat a little hard
foods for a few days and then you can
kind of gradually go back into it but it
is totally worth it if you love the
piercing enough then it's worth it going
through that right I've got my belly
button done again um had to take it out
got my baby but I'm done again about two
years ago had to take it out so how my
baby buns on like three times I won't
learn I know now let's get it done again
I've had my eyebrow pierced what one was
it I don't remember I think that one had
my eyebrow pierced had my lip pissed
that was one of my favorite ones as well
just had to take it out sore jaw blow my
bra yeah I think sorry
oh yeah traders found I trade this Donna
zone for any advice for tattoos and
don't follow the trends
um and get like such as butterflies
stars yes
so tribal I think tribals more like a
nine east thing that was in it and I
don't mind it as much nothing in the
nineties everyone was a bit like or
subbing in the naughties um whereas I
don't know I really find it unoriginal
when people get butterflies and stars or
such like they can't do there anything
else to get I think just the original
the original the best that you can but
if it means something to that much then
obviously go for it go for it if yeah I
get a lot of people asking me like um
I'm not sure about the pain and you know
just do they're like well I always think
it's not going to kill you and piercings
and piercings that literally two seconds
of varying amounts of pain two seconds
that's like nothing and then you got the
piercing for you know months years and
tattoos are just worth it if you want
the tattoo enough if Yuri believe in
what you're getting enough then the pain
shouldn't even be an issue so yeah go
for it that's what I say just don't get
something predictable something that's
meaningless like a butterfly I just see
so many people with damage that's my
like hour-long vlog no fatties and care
things I shouldn't have got started
tonight and say thank you for watching
and um if you've got more ideas for
vlogs then let me know because I do like
babble I'm not so I'm shouldn't be a
problem
thank you for watching bye
