hey guys I'm just doing my son doing my
makeup in the car we're on our way to
the clean fest which is like kind of
like the summer green passing and yes it
should be really good and we have them
like they haven't done a festival themed
one before so and I love that I love
that it seems this this year so yeah I
just thought I'd say hello cuz I really
want to vlog and if it's not just today
I'll vlog a few days but yeah we'll see
how it goes on my head I need to click
this because I really like the moment I
love doing like a know he like curl like
ways to the hair and so when the hair is
damp I just put it in tucks and then I
take take it out like over overnight or
just a few hours and it gives my hair
any like wavy look which looks really
natural so yeah that's why is it like
Pippi Longstocking and yeah Jason's just
grabbing off some food from Starbuck
because we haven't eaten anything then
so Malik trying to get out of the house
with a baby very difficult and like
trying to pack for a baby as well as try
and play stressful but yeah anyway catch
up with you guys a little bit
we very much need for feeding and food
perfectly there's like a benign bit yeah
getting a thunderstorm in the Clinton
back very closely okay we just made it
here and we're just walking up to the
the main event I just want it if it's in
a field and if I couldn't know that will
field area we don't know yeah it was
named you looks a lot like a bird so my
camera ran out of battery are we going I
never ever run out of battery so amazing
I think you feel behind me
we just still did a big super fun in
your eyes great photo and now our
supplier telling it's really nice how
today women just like having a nice chat
with everyone
we found Amy I think we ruining yeah I
think we can go back to the hotel team
but it's been focused sorry bad like
three is and we have such a good time at
the game fest and like most of they were
just chatting with everyone and kind of
catching up so it was like we didn't
always want to like pull up or we didn't
even think like fill out the camera and
film a lot of the day I tried to capture
as much like herds like on my phone the
body camera died on like literally as we
got there it dies and I was like ah but
we have such a nice time as well like
chatting and getting to know well like i
feel like i know already because I watch
them but Jamie and Nikki and Ava and and
I just feel like we all just all got on
really well and we gave them a lift back
to like where we were all staying and
they're just the loveliest people I'll
link her channel down below if you don't
know who I mean but I'm sure you do
because they're like first you sort of
such a lovely venue it was so nice to
see everyone we thought I had this map
because it's so like it's difficult when
you've got a hard floor with babies
simply like sometimes she'd lose her
balance and then knock her head on the
floor so we got these from Amazon like
start because she's like sitting and
trying to stand already Indy you trying
to get to Frank now what happened to
your living room when you cook baby yeah
what have you done to our living room
it's all colorful she's literally just
turned 6 months and she's already she
holds onto the side of her crib to like
pull herself up she can't get over
saying that she liked you that I just
remember believe it like one day I came
in she was just standing in her crib and
with all the furniture and stuff she'll
just hold onto the like the length of
chairs to stand herself up and she's
only 6 months old like that so we just
can't believe it like that's so earlier
I feel like they're supposed to be like
at least 8 months maybe it's insane it's
like just as she's learnt to cruel she's
gone straight to standing up it's crazy
she of the square hey Frank
so dad so I'm just given India's first
bit of avocado this Islamic building
through a government and it's the first
time that we've like placed food down in
front of her for her to try to eat
herself but she's not really getting the
hang of it but it's very nice it's her
first time and she's kind of just like
mushing the food around on the tray I
don't think she likes avocado that much
go ahead come on look this bit o war
Indy lap oh and then she makes a face
which doesn't really like it
he oh that fan my fingers not edible now
she's trying ha
melty puffs nice you've got one look oh
wow
you wanna huh oh my god she's actually
possibly eating it be careful
yummy I want to give her some veg really
I'd rather give her like a carrot stick
and do that ass in a spot all she wants
to do is climb thing but the most I have
to just watch her like a hawk
hey guys I've actually just woken up so
oh my god such a Red Sea by all night I
had the weirdest dream like you know
when you just kind of wake yourself up
from them because I was like every time
I just kept some really weird dreams I
didn't have cheese I'm not pregnant I've
been meaning and meaning to start
vlogging exactly properly I've just had
so much sorry focus the last two weeks
have been so low
manic mainly because obviously we got
married everything and but now we're
actually moving house next week I'm not
sure when that will go up but from when
I'm filming it's next week so as you can
imagine there's been so much to try and
like sort out and at the same time might
be working and then we'll nd so it's
been a bit crazy and I'm hoping like
when all three moves I'll be able to get
back to looking like at least every week
and so I just wanted to give you guys a
bit of an update
I'm just making I've actually woken up
before Indy this in the first time ever
like you to always always wake me up I
always wake up to the sound of her like
crying moaning wanting to get out of her
crew so I'm making myself some coffee so
I was hoping this mixture just woken up
and I thought this up today
I'm going to get my brows touched up
like meds I'm so excited
so Asenath sorry for the faces bit gross
but and my eye bags so violent moment
but these are my brows at the moment
with the first round of micro bleeding
so yeah and really excited to see what
they're going to look like after being
touched up and right I'm going to make
my coffee you're going to hear me while
I make it and there's my cool that was
actually two minutes off side someone
else but me I'm just watching this is
Casey and I'm making some food for in
these lunch
okay I'm here ready for my shop
I look up we're done little because I
love the shades I write I'm not high my
eyes are before to thank my uber I kind
of forgot out painful oh I just
remembered it has not been that painful
and then my eyes were watering so much
to convert by Annie I subtract exact I
don't usually get this but it's the only
thing that's the shot pad I'm so hungry
back at home I've had a bit of food and
we put Indy to bed because she was just
like she was privatised and now I'm just
going to wait cut I never ever wake up
but I'm going to wake her up because
it's getting really close to her actual
bedtime and so I'm going to go and get
her then let's just like play with her
and stuff frozen Oh an hour or two and
then per head to bed and then probably
work on my blog but no see if she gets
up this isn't it was so nice to team
this again and and I posted a picture on
my Instagram like showing my my brows
top up
hello hello should we have a bit of
playtime for bedtime she might have
found the bomb no idle dignity too big
no camera hi morning
hey guys is the morning and looking
after this little one
and today data's mum Jake's basement mom
is taking her for us for a day uh grab a
new camera and so that we can get you
know some works on and stuff so yeah I
think we might go into central London
players also and you know if we do all
of the seats look
we kill myself right
I'm just hanging along and I said if I
get caught I'm going to go do my own
things I thought it'd be nice to do
something a bit different
I've been here the age of my my
favorites
so it's been walking up from the station
and it's just so pretty
it's I feel like whenever we usually
come it's really overcast but it's a
really nice day today and we're just
looking for somewhere to eat a lot of
the places up there wall to lure well we
don't really love it enough so is that a
real Greek a lot lentil and salad so I
get some Athena
oops I did we're just going to walk up
and down the birthing and how much else
to look like all I'm doing a thing up
don't wake me looking for a marker and
we would have caught they obviously but
the key thermometer was always a total
we just went in for good cause we're
only in sweet I don't even know what I
cook now we're into a bit and from a few
mean I fit for our new house and so
maybe I'll show you guys well maybe I
feel home we're home eventually but
we're both really tired now I'm just
going to head home and then we're going
to see Indy and I probably wrap up the
blog food because basic editing it yes
so you guys like back home but we're
gonna go out in a minestrone get indie
and then I'm going to come home and then
probably put it to bed and just chill
for the rest of the night so I'm a lot
of sign of log off here so thank you
very much for watching and hopefully
I'll be booking next week we go away in
a few weeks so yeah I hope and sneak in
another block before we go away but
we're going to be moving house as well
so and I thought we do crazy talk anyway
obviously we'll see you guys in the next
one last thing
