hi Ron this is our first vlog back since
being married which is so exciting and
there's loads we want to talk about and
talk about and everything so yeah I'm
sure they'll get around to it and I'm
sure this loads of questions that you
guys have
or maybe we'll do like a mane tail video
and we'll answer all of your questions
everything ends but we're just getting
ready for the day at the moment and yeah
we're gonna have quite a chill day I'll
show you in Deeks you guys have seen her
a little while Frank they did hi she's
doing a lot of this booming at the
moment you trying to talk we got her to
use the other day I think she quite
likes them she gets bored of them quite
quickly though hello husband
why it was my hobby especially open city
Parkin I need a doctor really daddy
thank you
but thank you yeah right from when I
come food great
some cheese and stuff and spring onion
and grab your wacky spatula smile oh
yeah
thank you very much you know should I
try to bear that my why we're just gonna
eat and then until I guess she could be
knees changing back should look a bit
more like this more of us cigar-shaped
but they're not easy to do
they're our way around but I'll end up
at the bottom - Holloway no yeah oh my
runway yeah I've just set the camera
because I was handheld handheld Bisset
but it's really hard to talk and kind of
like change oh and you know is it and
chat to you at the same time properly so
I'm going to give her a change because
she just woken up from a nap so honey is
about you sent us over you boy which is
so handy it's been such a lifesaver
and but yeah I've been loving using them
so I'm using them today and I especially
nothing because I always want to use the
most natural props that I can on in Z
light ever since she was born I've been
very like picky about why I you and
money's one of the great so majors
natural fibres so they gently clean the
skin and they care for you know the
baby's gentle skin this way and they're
so soft like so ridiculously soft and
the whites are hyper allergenic and they
don't have any parabens or alcohol in
which is just amazing for baby
and also for Huggies the British Skin
Foundation recognizes them to bear
research into healthy skin which is so
good to know so yeah I believe things
have been interesting to you guys to
know as well because beforehand I didn't
know all these things about Huggies so
addition we needed to know like when
you're not sure what's going for in the
market I keep Huggies for working with
us because it's just been a bit of a
match made in heaven
shall we go now she then have some lunch
it's going up and lunch I'm quickly
changing I just thought I'd let you know
in case on the next scene I'm like seen
in the next step I'm wearing something
different you're like what's girls doing
what I'm always changing clothes I
thought it was going to be funny today
where it's horrible outside so I have
like this one she's having listened
today it won't focus it's sweet potatoes
broccoli and carrots so she's had her
lunch and I think clicking ahead out and
get a little bit of food or some coffee
or something the weather sucks today
some if it was nice I'm sure we would
have gone to somewhere like to a park or
something but typically me outside sucks
it's fine so just watch out for their
food that's what a hell and avocado
salad which is so good
and then we're trying from broccoli
jason has some ducks in D house had
dummies at that home we should have a
super quick bit of food she's really
liking chomping on my fingers and yes
and she's kind of teething some forms
it's nice bad also I realized talk about
the fact that I thought Kevin pickles a
boy a sane man a boy I don't know I
think it's the voice or sexy I know he's
gotten too sexist and because I thought
this is extra sexist without realizing
it but I think I thought he was wearing
words so I thought always got a boy's
voice he's wearing red and must be a boy
there's a girl's room I know I become
what I hate oh she's a girl because
she's actually I get so much hate for
that so much energy spec so anything bed
and she was so so like over tires like
even quite before her bedtime so much
little nervous sleep in this has kind of
been enough this book but I feel like I
always have this little like part of it
I have a little sit down a little chat
which I quite like maybe we should make
that like the single stuff looks it's
been a nice a kind of normal and it's
nice just to have India gangster after
the wedding we didn't have her for a few
days and because we had a tiny mini mood
in Brighton and so II didn't have her so
it's been really nice to like have loads
of cuddles and I thought I'm going to
miss out loads of stuff but basically
about the wedding we want to I'll sit
with Jason and we'll I thought my main
channel or on the vlog channel would do
like a proper chat about the wedding
I am honestly so sad like I've made
really got the post-wedding blues and I
just
it's it'd be over
oh and we just waited for like the
pictures and the videos and everything
that's actually Jason put a video up on
his Instagram so you can see that and
that's like like the teaser but there'll
be another one coming you know I don't
know what else to say without ruining
like will be information but yeah just
kind of trained Seth went to normal life
even though I read don't want to because
I never thought I'd be dispersed enough
that I thought I'd just get on with life
but it is really hard because it's like
it's just such a huge exciting day and
then it kind of feels like a holiday
from line and then you're like no I
don't want to go back into the life but
we have a little bit like an amazing
life anyway so it's just me being silly
but yeah if you've ever been married
like you'll know I don't know the day is
just as I related
right now I'm just watching pizza man
because he's basically like my favorite
youtuber at the moment I will link his
channel down below he is just so
hilarious but also seems like the nicest
person I'm going to order some as those
from delivery and and editing a video
and pretty much it so thank you all so
much for your webbing like swing so I
think it's got a vintage that you flick
swings and thank you all so much for
your wedding congratulations and all
your messages and everything I'm just
waiting for us to get a few of the
photos in and then I'm going to like
share like you'll be spammed rubric you
can leave the vlog here because they
always end up being way too long I might
show like what we ended up each ajaces
at training at the moment so I'm just on
my own but I like that sometimes I like
it I'm such a bummer now I'll see you in
the next one and I'll probably show you
show you our food but this is the last
of the Chafee bit why not
I almost forgot to show it but I got a
chicken thighs a chicken bag chicken
thighs corncob I got some spice of rare
and paranoid because I stole some of
Jason's chips huh I don't know what I'm
going to use that with now though but
anyway irrelevant
