this is not happy I've been looking at
nurseries this morning because oh I'm so
late on it I'm so annoyed because
everyone obviously like when you're
pregnant
everyone's like I'll get in with
nurseries now and I just thought I'll
cause like we work from home like I
doubt we'll need one like we won't
really need any any help or anything but
I think that we're really good to have
like socially as well to like save on
babies and anyway I'm looking for a
nursery this morning but I'm not having
much luck at most places me you need
like six months you'll be on a waiting
list for like six months so anyway I'm
going to go get ready and take her
outside clicks it's a really nice TV
that's Wendy just woken up from a nap
revenue you'll sleep I am and a lot time
I think it's about 1:00 p.m. and so
she's like mesmerized for the camera and
we're gonna head out because it's so
sunny out there today and might head out
for a bit of lunch and then walk back by
via the park and maybe sit and have a
bit of a picnic I could pretty easily
sit down it's easier oh there we go
um here it'd be nice to get out winter
get some fresher and if she sleeps again
which I doubt she will for a few hours I
could get myself a step back to you zip
learn before we go I really wanted to
ask she wants up to it but I want to
show you what you're growing that's so
cute always open what but she's wearing
this little like places from H&M just
have that underneath but it's thank you
but when you see you right now how cute
it is but yeah
seconds
just look so good so I've just come to
sit in the park for a bit and I just got
there
Indy started yelling though no oh nice
just to sit in the front that sounds
actually got it for a sec but yeah I
never do this but we never do this is
nice
they said it more like common sense in
the park I'm a girl she's almost there
come on fish
this is like a little worm come on push
yeah I just ah see is snappish just
walking back home and I'll catch up with
the ownership so as you guys click out
of it of the day I think it stops from
Topshop jackets from mango that is top
top and ego shoes
hey guys I'm out in Selfridges at the
moment I'm just in the perfect called at
the body studio I think because I'm
looking for a bra for the wedding
and I've just found one so I'm so happy
but I just wanted to say hello and go
and get this and then get some food head
home because I'm not feeling very well
today for some reason but thought I'd
start somewhere and just have my makeup
done well I just have a makeup trial as
well so yes excited
hello I haven't looked for a little
while and I've just had a city and you
go correct oh yeah I mean I not had the
best week so it's just not the right
kind of time to vlog but I really wanted
to jump here type of person so properly
because I haven't really done it yeah ah
it's really hard while I'm refreshed in
because obviously she's like making
those noise and she needs a lot she
needs a lot of attention and stuff hello
yes mommy is looking um yeah so I don't
want to I feel like I can't really
bloggers I'm looking after her but I'm
always stopping and starting and like
what's logging softly alright leave I
understand I'm sure parents understand
anyway or she's have little ones around
you ever limit the chaco anywhere not
only has two months and there's a few
tips I really wanted to like show you in
the floor and all right I think we spoke
of maybe where she I read next map I'll
be able to vlog properly hey guys this
is it later now so I thought I could
properly kind of relax and have a bit of
a chat and stuff what's going on here I
use like a face tanner
I never used to use them and I'm only
talking about this because it's I just
wonder if our bus to anyone else like
whenever I have this it's like a scarf
or the spot and then whenever I use any
sort of timing thing on my face and if I
have scarring it just makes it go so
much darker which makes it's much worse
but is that normal
I don't know yeah Indy's asleep I only
thought of like if you kinds of Ference
and if you have a very kind of like
non-stop baby I just can't believe how
tired you get by the end of the day
you're just
nothing is left like yes no energy no
words you just want to literally like
that like not talking to anyone this has
been my oh my god
and but um some of you might have seen
my tweet I tweeted that I'm just done
with like I'm not sharing any more like
honest flash realistic comments on being
a mom anymore
and I just I don't know I thought I
talked a little bit about it I don't
want to go like loads into it in this
vlog because I feel like it'll be such a
long job but I think basically I assumed
too much by wanting to talk about the
real like the harder thing for being a
parent I assumed that people would
obviously know that I love my daughter
to the end of the earth like I would die
for her in a heartbeat
i I've never I can't understand how you
can have so much love for interests in
your I can't believe there is that
amount of love like the amount of love
you have for your child and I don't know
I think I just thought people would
obviously like even if I talk about
negative things it's like obviously I
love her with all my heart and it's just
I I wanted to use my platform to help
other mums not feel like I don't know
just like you know not feel like they're
as alone if they're going through a
difficult time with their baby and just
share realistic things basically and by
doing that and I'm guessing a lot of the
people who were commenting shit stuff
and I'm not parents but it she's worked
but if then it seemed to have brought up
this thing where people think I don't
love my daughter and I'm a bad mother
and I just don't have time for that like
you know just seeing ah right I love her
so much she's also a lot of work and
it's like you don't see either extreme
on the block's you don't see me
the hugging and kissing her all day you
know see how many times my kids are on
the forehead and kiss her
chubby cheeks how like I love waking her
up when she wakes up with a big smile
and she sees me and I love printing out
to sleep even though I'm exhausted by
the end of the day but I love having
little sleepy hugs with her like I love
making her laugh like there's all these
things that you guys don't see and you
know you also don't see the times when
she's screaming for an hour non-stop and
the times I'm almost in tears all right
and I'm into this because I'm so
exhausted and the in-between is what I'm
trying to share with people so that they
don't feel as alone like the you know
the difficult parts to me I feel like
there's enough of ah it's difficult but
it's like I feel like there's enough
mums
and people talking about the good stuff
and that is so lovely but it's like not
enough people talk about the difficult
stuff she's woken up gonna go back to
sleep and I'll be back I've got that
down but I hate I hate breaking in the
middle of talking about something that
I'm really kind of into but basically
yeah I mean finally talking about the
bits that difficult I just felt
basically that it would help other
people but if it's turning into people
thinking that I hate my child and I'm
getting comments like you never should
have got pregnant and you know it's just
like oh yeah I just know like I know
that I've I'm a good mum I'm just tired
of and people's assumptions about what
kind of mother I am just because I'm you
know talking about some difficult parts
and sharing that so anyway basically
that's just a little bit behind why now
I'm just not gonna understand even like
share I know I also don't want people to
think that I'm like abandoning you
because because they like when I talk
about all this stuff and I don't know
just from my own like sanity I just
would prefer to just leave the topic now
to be honest like I don't know if that
makes any sense but
you know if I'm already having a really
really difficult day and I see comment
like certain things that I see just make
white know so much worse and I just I
just I'd rather put that energy into
looking after her or looking after
myself or I don't know it just life
really rather than seeing shitty colors
just because I'm being a bit honest so
anyway that's how it's going to be for
now I'm just going to I'm going to try
and not talk about it as much as I can
if that makes sense and but just you
know the people that have passed
judgment it's like you don't see you
only see like 10 minutes of the day like
10 20 minutes of the day well if I got
to update with I've got a new post up on
the blog if you guys want to go and
check that out and yeah what else is
happening the way of getting closer so
you know I'm going to kind of start
doing like Bridal prep Jason's got his
get stag coming up this week and then my
hen is next weekend so that's really
really exciting and yeah that's just a
little bit of a catch-up really haven't
missed that much just kind of daily life
and also the other day I was in
yesterday head for London and I saw a
few really nice bits in mango so I've
got a few bits of mango like since I did
my whole video so it's another bit of a
lot say of some new in bits and also has
got some bits on ours as well so I
thought I'd show you guys some bits I've
got and eyebrow update there as I know
how well you're build 6 so this is two
weeks after and they're supposed to be
like super dark at the beginning then
they go really light and then they kind
of come back to the colour are supposed
to be so I think they're kind of in the
middle between like being light and
being the right color but I love the
shape so much I'm so looking forward to
them being like fully fully healed and
I'll put nez's infos down below if you
did want to check her out
so from nars I've got the Laguna body
tense
I've got one of these upstairs as well
actually and and then I've got the I
think this is called the diffuser brush
so it looks like this and then I'm not
sure what this one's called but look
like this kind of more like a pocket one
this is all the goddesses Amero so I
should kabuki sort of brush I love that
it stands up like that as well and then
these are some of the what they called
again this one called pussy Patrol I
love that Velvet Matte lip pencils in
these dark kind of dark and purples but
some eyelash curlers I haven't used
eyelash curlers for ages so I'm actually
really excited to try it out again and
then there's this I love this new
packaging also it's like if square you
know how they're not sparkling used to
be rounded it's still squared off I love
it for Lacey's proofing that wrong yeah
it's this bronzer basically like
bronzing powder how gorgeous is that
then I've got a sharpener for the
pencils and then I've got one of these
soft matte complete concealers amazing
my shade is ginger and yeah that's it's
the nast it's okay the mango bits I'm
just going to lay out on the couch
because I don't really have I don't know
like I don't really have a good place to
show you them right now but this is a
vest top and it's a scourge of yellow I
just love this tone of yellow I don't
usually go for yellow but how nice is it
like I don't know if you can see you
know in the sunlight the material of
lovely as well it's kind of silky and I
haven't tried this on yet I hope it
looks good if I go in small 20 pounds so
I'm hoping that will be like a summer
staple top and I'll link all these
things down below by the way so this is
like this long middle but it's kind of
like toweling material I love this
material I think it looks really kind of
carefree beachy vibes but also it look
read I mean I'm not going to any beach
anytime soon but and I think this would
also look great in the city I know that
sounds weird but just tuck in like a
graphic tee or I don't know just that
vest off as well would look great with
this
and obviously when I linked the things
you can you guys can see how these
things look on but yeah
$35.99 great and five small fits really
nicely such a nice shade as well and
then this doesn't look that great bit
pretty smell but I just got this kind of
hmm for about the couch I've got this
bestop in this really neutral kind of
earthy tone it was $12.99 a bit of a
basic piece would look great with jeans
you know just jeans this and some
sandals and you're good to go and then
this piece is probably my favorite and
I'm such a sucker for polkadot this is a
bit better let me show you so I was just
like not doing it justice on the sofa so
this is this dress it's such a nice
length because or me and all the seats
went through the t-shirt look cool and
all it's not really it's kind of like to
the knee and but yeah I love how flowy
it is so summery love the pattern I'm
just pop this on it is such a good
staple piece but there's a lot and a
polka dot shirt dress I was wearing
might early er actually but it's a bit
different to wearing an actual German
like a nice floaty dress like the shirt
dress might have is a lot like it covers
you a lot more and it's a bit bigger
looking so so pretty and then the skirt
do you guys ready to see it a bit better
sorry there's two tvs reflecting red I
think of it but and yeah one like this
like you know I don't know it's really
nice also the other day oh my god this
is so exciting
I'll talk about this property after the
wedding as well but I went in for a kind
of a sentence fitting at Jo Malone for
the wedding so I'll give you a little
sneak peek of the sense that I went for
I've already opened this that's where I
fit Messier but yeah we got
PNE and blush Wade duck and amber and
ginger Lily that's the body cream of
this and I also loved I think it will
silk blossom so I might go and get that
and then like also add that in a bit of
a fragrance mix but it was so nice to go
in there so I
we talked about that more after the
webbing and but I really wanted to give
you guys a little sneak peek of like the
wedding my wedding the sense so if
you're ever in jo malone go and smileys
two together because it's amazing their
service was so good as well the people
is so lovely and there but yeah more of
that to come the center the sign off for
now and I hope you guys have liked
watching these vlogs this month and yes
they've been sporadic I thought they
might be but I'm going to carry on this
log in as well anyway like in general so
I'll see you guys soon probably
hopefully looking a little bit better
for like these days I just there's just
no time to even get ready in the morning
and you know we just get to a point in
the Danya like there's no point even
like trying to look nice today
probably vlog doing when Jason's away at
his stag because I'll have lots of free
time well not free time with indie but
yeah vlog time so thank you guys for
watching and I'll see you in the next
one bye
