ah hey guys um okay so I'm like look fit
with my brows of dark Anam so I need to
explain everything
hey Frank yesterday I went to get my
brows micro bladed by never fan who is a
god a trout she is just the best she's
just the best I will leave her link down
below everything and I've been like
it'sa storying like you know pictures
from when i went and i snapped and
things like that so but basically
yesterday and i was like you know trying
to get out the house to go to my
appointment and I couldn't find my
little camera anywhere and I was so
annoyed because it was like a really
important thing that I wanted to
properly vlog so in the end I just have
to use my iPhone and so I'm going to
insert some clips but so annoying
because today I've just found my vlog
camera firstly the brows are a little
bit darker at the moment they're going
lighten up once they've healed and
everything but okay I also noticed so
okay first I think I'll insert all the
footage so this is me going up to self
gate and I went to get my brows done and
Michelle was there from Beauty the blog
and tea award was there as well and
they're both so nice and theirs is so
nice as well I still felt so cuts when
around everyone and we were like having
a chat and it was just a really nice day
really anyway I'll insert that footage
now
so straightway asked oh my god the shape
I love so much it was a little bit it's
just so shocking that so when you look
in the mitt because I'm used to such
thin like fine brows so seeing them so
dark straight away oh my god but it will
you know like you need some of the
strokes like within me with the healing
process and everything yeah this is the
morning after so trying give you a
little close-up sorry I haven't got any
makeup on Ivan as you can please
I can't see what I'm filming well it was
such a cool experience because I wanted
to I'd wanted to get it for ages and it
will just make being a mum so much
easier because brows take so long to do
in the morning okay Indy's woken up I'm
going to go sort her out and then
hopefully come back and chat a bit more
about it but at least I've got a bit
done look first would Frank be gentle be
gentle just in case you don't hurt him
she's found her feet I'm so happy cuz
it's a cutest thing ever
you know God gently gently
I want to rule out looking guys now it
is just past half seven I can't believe
how long it's been since I did I did
like recording this morning and then all
day I've been like well plug it in the
net I'll sit down and carry on filming
and obviously like it's just so you know
I always this just so non-stop we went
out and going get some kind of brunch
lunch I had this really kids like Cara
and goat cheese and stuff salad
well good got all my emails done which
is the best feeling ever
and yeah we're trying to kind of keep on
top of like the last of the wedding bits
that we need to saw and right now I'm
just doing some editing cause Jason's
training and he's on his way back
actually and here's my glass of red the
villain or just wanted to mention the
pain and pain racing of the earth
microwaving because I've had a few
questions of people asking about the
pain and it's only you waited the first
five minutes are kind of and notice the
pay more because it was new pain and
it's just like it
it's just like little scratches it's
just like someone kind of like it sounds
obvious but kind of scratching at you
with a bit of metal like I know that
sounds it doesn't sound very nice that
if you've had a tattoo if I'd say it's
about half the pain of a tattoo
obviously different tattoos hurt me on
different places on the body but but yes
this was the same sort of that and it
was bearable and it's like it doesn't
hurt to the extent of you being like ah
you know it does that make it do you
know I mean like it's just like oh okay
like it's not the best feeling but
anyway so I mean out of 10 I'd say like
four feels like I'm wearing like this X
extra large huge jump I'm just wearing
this plate I've got shorts on but I
don't like looks to be for like mad and
slow glad I found out and so I'm just so
happy like I just can't wait for life
without having to do my brows every day
it's gonna be amazing and so yeah just
wanted to
well again and give you a little update
about micro bleeding so I know it's
something that loads people are
wondering about at the moment
and and I have to say thank you girl -
Tasha Tasha green for Cushman she's how
I discovered nez thanks - la Tasha's
looks so good as well that's all I'm
going to someone ever love much tonight
but it's going to be a really exciting
weekend because it's Jason's birthday
tomorrow and so I've got a whole kind of
weekend planned so I might film just a
few bits and bobs because mainly I kind
of want it to be a nice weekend for us
I probably film a few bits and bobs so
it's Jason's birthday today and I gave
him as present as well
the present is like what we're going to
be doing this weekend but I gave him a
present this morning and we're just
getting ready to go out for like our
lunch times gang and so yes the really
nice I've already chilled out morning
and I'm really excited to like surprise
it
grant wisdom of Freud oh my god it is so
exciting frost cup in the UK we don't
have this anywhere if any of you follow
me on snapchat and I got maybe six seven
months ago I snapped saying I have the
best idea in the world drive-through
coffee yeah people like it already you
see someone yeah in the UK it should we
don't have anything usually it's like
this is the second I'm seeing oh
but I just drive through yeah you Empire
well I very much yeah
join a children okay thank you now that
kind of makes me want to McDonald yeah
it's weird what we're leaving but we're
not getting right funnels it oh yeah
yeah I cross thank you
so we just have some massages and we've
just come into our cabin and it's
amazing or we can't go over home how how
facing is like I'll give you a little
tour this is like our little kind of
kitchen area oh my god like in here
there's like chill drinks and how nice
does not sink like a little toasting
machine there's an ice machine and we're
just going to have some wine outside and
they have like a film from here and
staff and then up here is a bit heat and
then me hey and the bathroom
what a shower toilet bar cowshed
products it so good so I'll bring you
outside hello we're just going to head
out I'm going to have the crazy golf
because apparently it is crazy golf huh
yeah I will yeah that's good idea we're
going to go do that then come back and
we'll be get ready for dinner
and yeah that's it no pressure
he has been winning too sir we're down
here to hit the pole hmm bouts of
morning and I've been up for about from
that now or so and then I was just sat
outside and write on my laptop it's so
nice outside and and I'm just about to I
think I have a bath or a shower and then
we need to pack up probably because we
need to leave by 12:00 I just what I
don't leave
we're about to leave but we're just
checking out this shop it's so cute
oh hey guys we're back home and I'm just
going to end off this blog but I just
wanted to show you guys what I got from
Soho farmhouse because I just I think
the bits are so nice just hurts a few
homewear bit I might actually do one of
the things are missing for in the
dishwasher but I also might do a bit of
a hole on my main channel and include
these bits but anyway I got this mug and
this was 20 pounds of slaw I loved it so
much it's so like I don't know I just
love it then I got this mini bowl with
this I just love this pattern so much
and then this salsa and also got a plate
as well with a slightly different
pattern on but yeah I just thought I'd
show you these bits because they're just
so nice I don't know they're online or
anything if they are I'll put them down
below I also got morning noon and night
because oh my god I was looking through
this book when I was there and it is so
it's just dreamy and it has so much like
home decor inspiration in there and
recipes and things so I loved it I'm
obsessed with this I want to flip
through like everyday so I'm going to
end this look here and I hope you guys
have liked it it's quite a crazy blog
actually like there's a lot in a slog
and but yeah I hope I just have such a
good like past week and I hope you're
all doing really well and I'll see you
guys in the next one bye
