hey guys sorry there's been a little bit
of a break God where do I start
um I mean over the last few days let me
look at it over the last few days you
haven't missed much at all
honestly I've just been like really
really stressed and if they had not been
great days and like just this wasn't
good for me to vlog and yeah maybe
something on today Jason has actually
gone to an MMA competition like he's
he's competing which is really cool and
and he left it like seven seven eight
this morning
no she's in the little I think she's
getting too big for this carrier so
probably maybe we'll size up soon yes
because he was going to be out today I
arranged to see my sister Danny and my
mom and and I think we're going to go to
Westfield and like have a bit of a mosey
I've got some packages I need to send
back and send back paper so I need to
eat something properly but you know when
you're holding apps you're going to meet
someone for I haven't eaten properly so
I'm just wasting and so I'm just getting
you know all the bits and bobs together
to leave and now that really I probably
see you guys when I'm with them we've
got two babies here side by side no
bacon you know she's like my cousin
Tina's here okay so all together now
we're just going to go and have some
lunch
and I think back to what hacker because
we love it study session now are ya go
so there and now we're going to go and
move the make a copy looking at me with
a vision like whatever no no first off
we're just in Mamas and Papas because I
love the shop do you see my moms showing
indie toys oh my god I might get one of
these
it's a lovely baby bib that's that our
neighbours have six two two years
dammit at sandia I cannot be trusted in
kids doors and everything is amazing
it's so bad I mean if I want to buy
everything like this is like a tummy
fine pushing things this whole love
everything lots of it - Mamas and Papas
especially you guys later and let one
have a bit of a breakdown so we're
carrying her for the car and the present
time you have a nice day ladies
yeah you have a nice day Oh Oh morning
I'm not going to fill my face too much
because I feel like I just look pretty
wrong
yes they are put in and also enacted
that I just you know the horse just like
not really anything to film we just had
dinner and kind of went to bed still and
i swatched I insist I fell asleep let me
know if any of you watch Iron Fist
because I'd love to talk about it like I
feel like normally what is it and we
just like gave it a try
and we've watched it but yeah let me
know and then maybe I'll talk about it
in the next vlog well show you guys what
I got in momma's and Papas and because I
think that's good bit the first thing oh
I showed you guys this okay so you know
what it is but it's a Sadie bib because
we're going to start weaning soon she's
about she's almost five months so uhm
yeah we're gonna start seeing how she
gets along with it and we've we've
already stopped
we've tried like once or twice and it
goes everywhere on her so I thought it
would be handy and then I got this and
this is the box it comes in its say
there's Sophie the draw and hollow rings
think it's called
and fourteen pounds it's quite a lot but
I think it's made really well the
materials great and it's just the exact
kind of thing that she really likes to
hold and shoe at the moment so hopefully
we'll get lots of use out of this it's
not cheap but these make a great gift as
well for people because they can't live
with all terms by one as well it's
really cute they're a bit messy here but
I got this candle so I get excited even
when I was pregnant I used to go rescan
swimmers and puppets and I always wanted
this candle because it smells amazing
and I oh you know it is just a bit too
much thirty-six pounds even though I
know I get dipped eat candle sometimes
but I was always like now I won't get it
I won't get it like literally for a year
and
so I just got it and it's lovely and I
need to get rid of this packaging and
stuff but it's the gorgeous cow handle
and it's a what yeah I never knowed say
that Alang Alang rose and Linden blossom
yeah so love that wait to burn that more
well stupid oh and then I've got this
play map because she's really outgrowing
her current one so here it is it's
called I think I called the origami play
man I think it's a really good size and
then there's this bit as well which I
have a cushion on so I think it has the
tummy time but I mean it's nice has a
little cushion it's really soft
I like the colors as well so yeah not is
it a 7/10 got from hours and passes and
we don't really do much ugliness today
because we were just chatting
dribbling and now my way is to see again
to avoid that but I've got another dress
fitting today
where am I going few errands to do any
pigs genes back at profit well what is
happening is I'm in Topshop this is so
dangerous
look I just came to return some Jesus so
I've got all these things for they're so
nice I probably only get one or two
people like outfit of the day even
though it probably looks not great but
ego mules bookshop jeans such a hammy
actually and we can trench try some with
little I think when I see a choice from
that sort and so in a try so colorful
these are amazing
oh my god these are just a lot Annette
thing that I pick pasa this point if I
sort of love this teacher sir
I don't like it as much on now hey I
love this skirt this is so nice
so roughly when size 10 cause ovate
that's way too small I'll try I have
such a pet peeve asleep top buttons that
are so high up with the neckline I just
think if you on the flattering but
compromise maybe most Nobu for salsa
I really like the back like this but no
so by the way these do v got I got
online their size a straight-leg crore
for the parts feeling properly but raw
hems Jean I love them and we owe these
but I'm not going to get these bit I am
going to get love them so much
these feel so amazing but the ground is
yucky
so that's they're really expensive but
all my men love them so an awesome but
no all year round I'll be able to wear
them so anyway I better get going on my
fitting is in about half an hour so I'm
just hitting a selected things now
that's an obeah
so I'm randomly making a smoothy smooth
yeah guess it's more of a smooth manner
juice I've got spinach banana
strawberries blueberries almond milk and
ignore whether it looks gross but it
healed I think I just thought I'd do a
little end to the slots because I
haven't ended it so I'm not going to
actually go through everything that I've
got and let in Topshop and everything
because I think I'm going to do a whole
video so just keep an eye out for that
but still maybe I'll link the bits down
below that I did like so that you guys
can go and check them out if you want to
I'm going to edit this video it up for
you guys because I know there's been a
bit of a break and you have forgotten
anything I'll put it in the description
box I'll see you guys next time bye
