hey everyone it's Monday and I mean like
the same place I was the other day when
I was blogging but I've just had my
first proper laser hair removal session
where I had my underarms done so
I'm honest do my underarms and my legs
I'll just stop here so I have a chat and
like I said before I went to the pulse
light clinic they're so nice in there
yeah and it was just done can't believe
it
and then I come back for another session
next week to do my legs as well and then
now I thought I like a few a free few
hours in perceptual so I'm going to go
to Topshop and other stories got
vouchers for that and they're not
probably head home
oh my go to the gym as well today did
you guys remember I was looking for a
jacket like this in a light shade but in
saara
I didn't find it and I've just seen this
one and I love it now I'm in and other
stories trying on I want to renew my
vinyl boots because they're dying these
are so nice I spent my culture and my
Topshop voucher I got some amazing shoes
from under the stories guys when I get
home yeah I'm gonna head back I think
and back home I had some lunch and I
wanted to share with you guys what I
picked up in London I'm just having a
bit of coffee and I got the gold the
Golden Globes were last night I haven't
watched it but I've seen Oprah Winfrey's
acceptance speech and it was so amazing
I'm sure you've if you're watching this
I'm sure you've probably seen it yeah I
got really teary well well I watched it
and I don't get teary or anything
I'm gonna try much more to do kind of
weekly vlogs because instead of doing
bits and bobs of like one or two days
and then it doesn't really you know make
it good enough video so oh so my laser
hair removal yeah so like I said earlier
I I'm starting with my underarms being
done being lasered and my lower legs
don't really get much hair growth on my
upper legs it's kind of a blonde hair
and and I've wanted it done for years
and years and it's just one of those
things that I've always been interested
in and I've seen people talk about it
and say it's good but I've just never
taken the plunge pulsed light clinic
asked me if I wanted to come in and try
it out and I was like yes actually I
think I've tweeted I tweeted not long
ago as well saying I was interested in
it yeah and they've got two different
places as one of Tottenham Court Road
and there's one I think they're Bank I'm
so happy that I've started it for each
area I think you have to go in for a few
sessions because I think it's after
every around six weeks you get new
growth come through so you need to kind
of step away that new growth but I think
it only takes a few goes also thinking
of doing my bikini line because how
amazing would that be I had it when I
had my patch test I felt what the pain
of it was like all my legs I didn't feel
anything literally just felt the cold
air that it blows through and but under
my arms identify your filled little
pings like little snaps on my skin it is
as if someone's like snapping you with
an elastic band I'll try and keep you
guys updated quite a few of you were
really interested in the last blog when
I mentioned it yes
I'm exploited a Bellary and then I
popped into some shops and I thought I'd
show you what I got first I just popped
into zorak's they still need s-plane
I see what they had and I wanted a nice
red jumper sewed on like a burgundy sort
of color jumper so I picked this one up
in a slice of small and I just think it
looks like it well I tried on it fits so
nicely and I really like how propped it
is it's not like belly cropped it's just
you know like it comes you can still see
the tops of my jeans when I wear it and
that was 30 pounds of the sail and no no
no way it's a touch option I've had a
gift voucher so I got just a good staple
staple piece I've been eyeing this I
know it's the most basic thing but I've
been eyeing this top up for a while and
I was just like I would just get it it
was 22 pounds it's kind of ripped like
this and then the sleeves flared super
super cute and then I got some shoes
because that at the moment I'm in a bit
of a shoe phase I really want to like
update my shoe drobe so I got these and
look at that heel is this really thin
heel and when I first told him I was
like almost a bit weird tried them on
and they're the most comfortable thing
ever
they're so comfortable I tried it on the
black ones and then I thought there
there were nice but they weren't like
very different and then I saw this color
and I was like the I really love this
color I thought this could be really
versatile and they're not too trendy
which is a good thing I think they'll
last me you know looks wise well like
design wise quite a while because
they're not super trendy then I went
into and other stories because I had
another gift culture for there my mom
got it for me for Christmas I got this
top because I've seen it and I think
over this last summer and I I always
wanted it and it went into the sale so I
picked it up Paris World Tour 2017 on it
I can you I can say picture Indy wearing
this in like 20 years and she's like
haha 2017 vintage then I got
these aren't as much something I don't
have in my wardrobe but they're
replacing an item that I wear all the
time which is my black the vinyl boots
that I was wearing today they're getting
so battered I've been wearing them so
much for like two years so I saw these
precious thermals oh my god
they're so nice they're amazing quality
I feel like I was um between a 4 and a 5
in size I feel like they come up a
little bit big so just in case any of
you you don't might get them but I loved
them so much I was just like I'm making
this work so yeah I got these vinyl
boots let me try the one for you I love
them because they are hybrid they're
like a vinyl Chelsea boot I hope you can
see and then I'll try these ones on as
well so you can see even though they're
boots and then these are the cream boots
so cool they're my things that I picked
up today I got a package from Charlotte
Tilbury up no idea what's in it so I
thought I'd open it it's an S it's a
floral s beautiful thank you anti-aging
color-correcting glow booster
hey guys is Wednesday evening sorry the
comes and we're on our way to Cirque de
Soleil
because we've been invited by Mac to go
see it which is so exciting and I think
it's it's about like insects and it
should be really cool and because Mac
are doing not do makeup for Cirque de
Soleil yeah so it should be it should be
amazing yeah we're just on our way now
and we're hoping we're not gonna be late
yes so we're getting a bit we're like on
our way to hangry this update on Jason
Chen go oh yeah gone there will be more
videos
got a couple more acoustic sessions
planned the podcasts are coming back and
some cinematic videos it's all
all in the works but all this is I was
not being well the last couple months so
I had to just like yeah priorities
mm-hmm I haven't had so it's Wednesday I
was saying I haven't I didn't vlog
yesterday because oh we did a really
cool shoot together actually in the
house which we're done really really
well on in on Instagram today it's got
many quick as well and I've been really
kind of motional and stuff today because
I'm on my I thought I bring you guys
along with us tonight instead really for
work day because we haven't eaten
Jason's just going to grab some food
from Whole Foods for us because
otherwise which could be starving the
whole time so I think they only have
like olives and stuff in there
so yeah and I've just some lipstick on
and Mac of course and it's lingering
kiss and I forgot it was actually so
purple sorry about the focus and
everything but
nice flip for like it really amps you
look up when you know I didn't have much
time to do my makeup so I'm just like
I'm just gonna put on a really bold lip
throw on some earrings I'm wearing my
understories coat I'm wearing like a
lacy dress from Urban Outfitters I don't
go out that much snow at night to
evening things so whatever I've got an
evening thing I'm like what the hell am
I gonna wear and do we got a naked
burritos
so he just came out and it was amazing
I'm just so tired from watching it like
in a good way it was just so much to
take in and they're so talented it's
insane I don't know it's just unreal I'm
blown away just by the skill of the
people and strength
yeah
higher-level humans yes thank you too
much for having us there because it was
amazing
and yeah I don't know what else to say
other than it was amazing so I don't
keep repeating but if you ever get a
chance to go definitely go because it's
it's just so different as well as so
many other things that you can do and go
and see we're gonna go home now
sleep I want to see their Linz morning
everyone
which given India breakfast oh I need to
put a little bit thing on her today
Indies got beans on toast
I give us as well like once a week she
loves it we're just in GBP for lunch I'm
gonna get a superfood salad sunny to be
healthy have a moment I've got a trip
coming up at the end of the month which
is so exciting yeah I have to get in
shape go to the bank and stuff not that
much today but I'll try make it
it is not very well again at nursery
Alexis you know it's so easy for them to
pick up cold
she's not on top
it's Friday look I said it's Friday you
didn't miss much this morning I was
she has it now oh my god what are you
doing and I was just getting ready to
leave really
so it's a few hours later and we were
just kind of running around town and
stuff and now it's about 4 p.m. is
getting so dark but I've decided to go
to the gym because I'm trying to get to
the gym as much as I can
this month and I need to get rid of a
Christmas flab for me I'm gonna try and
bring the camera with me I haven't
brought the camera into this gym before
so I'll try and be as discreet as I can
and I'm thinking maybe I'll like show a
few things that I do then it's not going
to be like anything crazy because I've
only been back at the gym for a few
weeks so
hey guys it's Saturday today and I think
I'm getting in these little cold cuz my
glands are swollen and I'm gonna get ill
again I thought today they should be
quite fun the chemo just waits in for
Tasha to come round and David yeah me
and Tasha are gonna film together so I'm
so excited for that and and we're gonna
get lunch and just like spend a bit of
time looking this is a great angle oh my
god hey guys it is and it's almost
knowing piano my god where's the time
gone and so I thought I would have a
little chat with you guys while I take
my makeup off I can't wait to hit my
makeup off today
so yeah I hope you've all been well
today's been one of those days that just
like it starts do you like only I've got
so much time ahead of me and then I
don't know wait the time is gone it's
crazy so yeah I did do that annoying
YouTube thing I'm sorry over me I said
like people coming over and but I didn't
end up vlogging it because we were just
you know chanting hatching up it
actually went really really quickly and
then we we all got wacko mamas delivered
and had that me and Tasha film which was
really good I'm really excited for the
video up you guys know I do built up
videos um but I thought this year why
not kind of make it a bit more
interactive like if I have people on I
think it's much more fun because you
know you can get other people's
perspectives so long with my perspective
on things and I just want the whole
thing to be really relatable already
down to earth and the mix of like
talking about in important issues but
also you know kind of more fun stuff
or more like hearted stuff so you know
I'm not sure when it's gonna be up yet
but I'm sure it won't be too long I'm
just using the clinic take the day off
bomb back on this ah it's just just my
favorite cleanser really for makeup my
eyelash is working as well I'm so happy
finally is actually working I forgot to
tell her she's the one that sold me on
it so we're gonna teach that last time I
was at the makeup oh I feel like I
definitely was I really need some new
t-shirts oh just you know like I'm
always doing the holes I'm always really
thoughtful about things that I fight but
I feel like you know when you're in the
house
I just I'm always wearing exactly the
same thing all the time because I know
what's really comfortable try to think
of what I can touch you guys about that
I can't think of anything in particular
but when we get an annoy me later on I'm
going to edit this but um I'm just quite
tired from the week
and it's been a really good week really
jam-packed but I've just I feel like
I've just been on the go a lot so you
know when it all was just a bit of a
blur
oh I might use this this is the Wren
I've not used it before it's the flush
rinse one minute facial let's use it
oh I like how it feels it's a really
fine it's almost like a scrub art stings
this is supposed to sting this is like a
first impressions I really I'm dying to
go see a dermatologist for my skin I
would just love to get a professional
opinion on it
and like um on what's best for my skin
because obviously most of us just go
through life if you're just guessing and
try no like listen to your skin about
what you need for it
but I'd love to get an actual
professional opinion oh sure you're
supposed to do this
dumpin fingertips oh okay
dampen fingertips
to activate the vitamin C and then I'm
supposed to leave on for a minute I
think I just made it to where now okay
and sneeze my usual moisturizer just my
NV organic I have to show you guys
before I sign off Tasha
today she is the loveliest person ever
she got these little shoes for indie
look at them that her first ever swans
oh my god they're so cute look how small
they are thank you so much Tasha Tasha
look how dead I look so dead not good
anyway I just went to sign off thank you
guys so much for watching this vlog and
yeah I'm gonna go and edit this and
upload it and I'll see you guys next
week I am actually aiming to do two a
week so we'll see how it goes next week
I failed this week it's just one fill up
for this week yeah I got another really
busy week next week so should be a good
one I'll see you soon bye mwah Oh check
out my video on my main channel the last
one I put up I'm so so proud of it Jason
and I worked knit together he filmed and
I did all see the editing and the
voiceover obviously it's like my
favorite thing to do my favorite places
in Shoreditch and I love how the video
turned out so go check it out if you
haven't and yeah I'll see you guys soon
bye
