morning everyone since so long as let's
look again so I want to start another
one off well just this little one just
woken up I was just getting ready and
yeah I'm just getting ready she's just
working out so I'm just going to give
her a bottle and yes Frank out fours
little way and I think we're going to
head up to me to start day so it should
be nice and quite nice day I thought why
not smoke because I've been ill most
this week so it's nice I feel better
again and yeah I can like look like
normal again yeah okay so in Regent's
Park
hey little Shira sleeping for ages and
sheer just clonally away and it's so
funny right so Jason's trying to film
something and we've been testing up for
ages and like every five to ten minutes
someone like a new person kind of comes
into shop and then we have like block
them out something with chairs it's just
been so hard trying to finally get this
and then it like every time he goes to
shoot like in the family comes in and
like someone with a neon kite or
something and now the Chairman has come
back so weird
hey blondie looks like funny behind the
scenes so I spin side of it my last vlog
and I said that earlier because it's
yeah he's um I really really love
incorrectly say well but I don't know
what she's going to be like oh wait you
did but I'm loving what she's like at
this age because I just I keep look too
slow and that she's so like smiley and
not like it's so easy to make her laugh
she's like really happy in general and
like if you ever in a bad me she kind of
makes you feel happier because she's so
like laughing and no okay and like she
startin to kind of grab things there in
your hand I think the only thing that's
been so hard recently is trying to try
and do any work so difficult that's why
I haven't like so much that we're trying
to get like help child care help or some
sort like family or other so yeah
because I just really want to get that
to like as much work as I was doing
before having her so yeah it's just more
of a difficult thing when you're like
self-employed but I'm sure we're fought
out oh thank you guys so much for your
breastfeeding
you know my breastfeeding blog like chat
thing that I did your I can't believe
how nice for your comments work thank
you so much and I hope it will help
loads of other women as well and so I'm
just like getting over a cold reasonably
but it made me feel so much better about
the whole bottle feeding thing and yeah
and I just really appreciate it all your
lovely comments and so Steph gonna
finish this video and then we'll
probably I think we're going to head
home or just grabbing a little lunch
we've got these salads and this is the
view
this is so pretty she's gone up to see
it's so nicer if anyone wants nice like
quiet stroll in London doesn't feel like
you're in London Marty Indy Indy Indy
hello good morning everyone
so just another first morning but now I
think it's about t p.m. today where we
just had sorry but +1 yes we just have
some late breakfast lunch but I haven't
I had no sir and now I'm just basically
we're all here down to Portobello Road
okay as we've got a bit of time and we
don't want to go straight home and be
bored
looky there don't get coffee I'm ready
to go back out still my what's
everything
yeah oh yeah so it will be focus in the
end so yeah he's going to read it okay
it's a really nice day so I'm also on
the hunt for a good frying yes we went
off time phenomenal
well we get up some so much and it it
it's just fun
there's a duty so I really want to go in
and get one so glory I caught them
I just deterrence middle
yeah we have fun on the slide in gypsum
very good now in dealt with only three
custom so my sister Dani and her partner
Jake here and this is her little boy
how you feeling hot now you have a leave
until a whole lap now it by weeks past
yeah I feel great yeah good Jake Cubby's
feels to be a mother right yeah and
they're wearing the same childhood they
have this same size I think it's the end
of the day and I'm just going to take my
makeup off and yeah I thought I'd take
my makeup off if you guys might have a
little bit of a chat and a tektite it's
like okay I don't know what is happening
here but I've had this massive eruption
like right in the middle of my face it's
so annoying looking edge and obviously
like my makeup come off but even with my
carpet just like pushes through oh hey
Jack I'm so tired
it's success always and she's been
really really difficult at the last two
days and it's been really difficult it's
been really hard to even vlog like I
didn't even have time most of the times
like mate without food or anything
yeah she has like loads of good moments
as well and like she look like she she's
like giggly and laughing and everything
as well but most of the time the last
two days she's been really non-stop so
I'm just so tired anyway I'm going to
take the rest of waters on my face off
I'm using this body a brain
Gani is actually sponsoring this video
so it's really really nice of them to
work with me on this vlog I pretty much
everything I've tried from going in the
past I've really got on with and already
loved and anyway this is the line that
I'm using today and I've been using it
for two days the Garnier skin active
nourishing botanical this is the toner
with honey flower we've got the gel wash
and cleansing milk the very chemical
daydream Ibiza must now use this in the
morning but this is the day crew got my
night tea Oscar
he's an attendant milk pick my makeup
off the main thing about this range is
that it's like surprisingly natural and
it has I think it's 96 cents and natural
ingredients or product derived from
natural ingredients I would never think
that if I was like browsing you know
like boots or something
most like affordable products are you
know aren't so natural based so it's
nice to know my cultural mango quite
openly on wandering but I don't think
they have it anymore
I love it I do give it in a large dhoka
dog desperate all the long sides they
had sort of like it mine I always use a
hot cost to take and cleanser Oxford's I
just feel like it kind of gets deeper
into the skin gets everything else well
run off this Nuria off okay now I'm
using a toner I use these I'm cutting
around from boots love like everyone
uses these they're such a favorite of
everyone I just love using toner like
it's a step that sometimes I forget at
the moment because I just don't have
time for a lot of steps in my skincare
routine but wherever I do I'm like oh my
god I should always do this so a dis
range as well on these products it's
like that offering the best skincare
benefits and it kind of feels high-end
even though it's not
and I see so many high-end product I
like I love my ton of appliance in care
the bad butters but these products are
lovely I think what God here doing at
the moment is really good because it's
because with all ingredients and
formulas and everything it can all get
really overwhelming from time so I think
the way that they're communicating
everything through their products is
really easy to digest
a lot of the ingredients of natural is
just it's easier for us to understand so
yeah I've been really liking this and
they smell so nice honestly that was a
really big thing to me I don't look I've
got no head and I done and I'm gonna go
and change and yeah we captured eyes in
the morning but quite a full day
tomorrow
no good morning soon as you sleep it now
I just have been doing some bits and
bobs so I laid her down in her cot but
um she should start coming in here soon
let me know what age you put your babies
in your bed crib oh my gosh she kept
waking up last night so much so I'm so
tired
hello people I love this top by the way
it's from a food pile and a pirate I
think it's a Swedish store I don't have
the contrast of the blue heart with the
pink dress is strapless even just me
look that's what is still there morning
Frank I thought it's super quickly show
you guys my outfit of the day and kind
of has my jeans are from Topshop I love
them my top is from Zara which got some
peanut butter on post haven't run out
the door
Gucci Bags and she's a czar as well okay
I'm off out finally so nice what I get a
bit of time to myself I'm going to end
this look here though and I think I'm
going to carry on jogging this week so
you guys will see that coming up but yes
thank you for watching and we'll see you
really soon
Oh
