hey guys happy Sunday probably won't be
Sunday when you're watching this but
yeah today's going really well so far
it's about 20 past 11:00 and I've just a
really private foundation on so I need
to finish my makeup and stuff but what's
been going on and it's just in a really
chilled morning so far just kind of woke
up made some breakfast Jason's gone out
training and and then I had a little bit
of playtime with indie and then she's
just gone down for her first nap and she
this was the easiest nap but I've ever
put her down for cool like I'm watching
her right now on the monitor don't
wiggle oh I didn't show you the mango
bit so I got yesterday so I'll try and
show you guys those in this video as
well and right now I'm just going to try
and get a blog post done because um yeah
I've got a little bit of time hopefully
 so I'm like watching her if you
should stay asleep so I can get a blog
post up also we got feedback for the
blog which was mainly amazing but like
any the only negative feedback was that
all the images take quite a while to
load which I didn't realize that they
take so long to load so now from now on
I'm working on and sizing a file so that
hopefully it won't take so long for my
site to load for you also
and yet hopefully that could be easier
for you guys if any of you have been
offered Sagan's
just left the blog and it should
hopefully shouldn't do that from now on
so yes and also before I go and do this
blog post I wanted to mention as well
Jason's video a jason was working on a
video about indie called my daughter for
a few weeks now it's what's such a good
response already and it's just such a
beautiful beautiful video it makes me
like really emotional
he's completely honest about how he felt
being a father and from the beginning of
the unbiased
I think it's an amazing video so I hope
you guys will like it as well let us
know down below what you think of it or
beyond his video let him know and I'll
give you a little sneak peek of it now
but I really wanted to mention it
because he doesn't have load that often
well he's he is actually kind of from
now on but you know because he hadn't
loaded for a little while so I wanted to
let you guys know that he had uploaded
this video
she is now and always will be a person a
person that love unconditionally forever
responsible as any new parent will tell
us not easy and I feel that an
understatement the sleepless nights and
the constant crying almost all forgotten
when she wakes up in the morning I see
her happy face
I loved her little noises and when she
laughed
she's amazed by the smallest things are
underneath one
so little one is playing from their
little chair I'll just put a new post up
if this one has like the kulluk ruffles
work or basically how I've styled them
so that it still fits in with my
wardrobe so yeah I hope you guys like it
check it out I'd love if you like left
comments let me know what you think of
my posts because I love seeing you know
what you think and my interacting with
you and everything so yeah also I've
updated the shop section so that you've
got November night here then you've got
shot my wardrobe and then shot my
Instagram so shot my wardrobe but these
are the bits actually I've just added in
the bits that I got for Mango that I
keep talking about right now and I put
them online shut my wardrobe it and
whenever I get sorry little ones that
whenever I get new items I'll put them
in the shop my wardrobe section on my
blog so it's easy for you guys to shop
if you want to and then you look like to
shop my Instagram as well
and now goodness go and the crafter
India they're looking at the comments on
yesterday's blog and I do okay so about
the mask things a lot of you was saying
it was a peel-off mask and it's funny
because I thought it looks like a penis
more than Jason asked if it was and I
went to try and like peel off the edges
just to see I don't know why I didn't
know it I just assumed it wasn't I don't
know but and yeah I went to try and
actually peel them a scoffs and it
wouldn't come off so I guess I just
wasn't trying hard enough and I just
took it off normally and people like
some this is a bit off more and yeah
thanks for letting me know because I
want the screen I've got Jason pretty on
because here's hoodies are always so
much more comfy than mine aren't they
just one like waiting for him to come
home and then we're going to go and get
a sundae right so it's like a highlight
of my week getting Sunday roast
oh yeah that's happening also while I'm
here I've seen a few other mums or
someone asked about fleet training what
messes that I've been we've been using I
have already been following any specific
method or anything I've just I did a bit
of research and things and most websites
and things said to just whenever I think
it's like every hour and a half or
whenever you notice any signs of
tiredness just put them down and then
she'll get used to going down and you
know putting herself to sleep so just
for about the last week or so when she's
getting tired and she's the snap kid
downstairs and now I always take her up
into her crib and I stay with her I kind
of just gently rub her back a little bit
and her on her side and gradually she's
quicker and quicker kind of pretty in
herself to sleep with my help a little
bit so I didn't think it would work for
ages to be honest at first sheet Hey
good at first she would just stare at me
and laugh and try and play but I think
she quite quickly have picked it up I
don't drink sit so yeah I've just
whenever you know a naps do and we've
been trying to make it regular
I just don't put and her down and then
she's getting used to like that's the
place where she goes what do you think
she's getting used to the crib being
where she sleeps and how to kind of drop
off which is good I just getting ready
to head out
I've put some my texturizing dry shampoo
my hair but it's much a perfect the song
I like each not as blood show anymore so
I can start peering yeah not only that
but basically him ha no I was I was six
I was caught in my throat so I was sick
quite violently and it made all my blood
vessels pop in my eye and I looks yeah
he had a Julis for about a week yes I'm
not being I'm just anyone that I really
like a week whenever we saw people have
to be like he's not hi
by Frank
pindy you can hear me Indy look at this
road because I look at the sky without
you hey guys it's a bit late to now Lisa
oh yeah for now
I did an online shop the other day and
that's just arrived so I thought I'd
show you guys some bits that I picked up
I don't know help be interesting but I
like watching when other people show
what they what food they buy don't
really and also I want to show you guys
some bits upstairs as well I've got
clothes wise so yeah well she so lots of
flowers the really stingy bunch of
flowers though this isn't tiny okay this
is some on average that we've got good
traits motto rocket and Raven assholes
or our favorite ones and what's a nut
squash and sweet potato and then I've
got some salmon and some haddock and
some of this very good pen salad so this
is like my favorite present moment which
is really sad where is amazing summer
and I like this class types of hemlocks
it's just quick and easy when you have
enough time to like make it even though
it doesn't take long to make but yeah
and I've got my coconut reagent as much
and then I've got like chicken stock and
some ingredients because I want to make
a trip so recipe from the medline
sherbet and chicken pieces stir fries
okay indie what are you doing out there
I've got goat cheese salad because I
love adding that in and yogurt for
breakfast milk and then the last round
of things and peppers can success at the
moment with roasted peppers
I've got some gluten-free oats because I
just thought it might be a bit lighter
and kind of either side
hmm some asparagus avocado lemon mighty
king prawns and that's pretty much it so
yeah pretty healthy is apart from if
you're vegan but yes hello and Sophie
little bit I got from mango that I
mentioned the other day particularly so
long to just show you them other know
why so I'm going to try them on in bed
leather I just work it up I need it to
use on them and I'm going to type these
on in the mirror so you can see what
they look like on I thought that could
be fun and helpful I don't know
so here we go and it first up we have
these short I've got these because I
think they were awesome like casual or
anti this a little bit tighter so it's
up here but there are really nice kind
of casual sure other I just think
they're really easy to throw on with
things and easy to style and they're
really nice quality pair very sick but
if you can tell it's like focus
but yeah they're really nice and sick
kind of linen II fabrics so lovely if I
come through I've got them in a size 10
so that there's a bit more you know like
they're a bit more movable and it's
perfect
I think I'd wear these together I don't
like a schoolgirl from this but I got
this shirt which I really also really
like all these things forgotten but it's
really easy to throw on because this
this bit here I really like the tie
detail here and and you just have to
turn on and that's it these things
aren't the kind of kids in the mirrors
that go real life but I've got this
black kind of sport and I got it in a
size 8 and I kind of want to get it in a
bigger size because I think it looks a
bit too small and they're super comfy
but I think it'll look really nice with
oversized things on top but yeah but
it's a little bit short so yeah this is
what I was picturing for this shirt
shirt and jeans I think looks really
nice together so let's get my hand in
the pocket
yeah really nice kind of casual and
outfit with some like sliders or some
heels for a night out it would still
work and we have this gorgeous right off
the shoulder dress and I just think it's
so pretty I can't wait to go away for
wellness but also it's something I would
wear in London as well so grab it back
so you can see if I can't I love the
free but at the top but I find that it's
quite like a simple piece as well super
pretty
again it's nice and thick it feels
really nice as well I haven't been
talking that much today but the main
thing that happened today was that we
went up we're going to do our wine
tasting for the wedding and so we did
not that's all sorted back board and
then the last bit of alcohol we've got
to get for the wedding
it's just lager something now I've been
trying to put this little one down for a
nap for ages but she just went to sleep
but now she's being fussy I thought in
the meantime kind of maybe helped her
out as well I'll just I'm just gonna get
started on dinner and I'm gonna make
grab it all I talk about this cookbook
for it seriously on everything looks so
good
I'm making this the Spanish chickpeas
students so I'm going to get going on
that and and then I'm going to get
editing this vlog so that I can get this
video off as well so maybe I'll just
show you guys a few bits and then when
it's done hopefully Hung's to take
actually oh it shouldn't take a little
okay cool I'll see you guys in a bit
know what that was okay quite a bit
later now and I've just kind of finished
making this I've just put some parsley
on top and I blessed it cooking for much
longer than not in a recipe just because
it was a lot more watery and I'll end it
to reduce down and it looks really good
and I'm having it with some couscous and
that's that really we're going to watch
Iron Fist wrists and then go to bed
I just realized I still probably going
to end here so thank you guys for
watching and we'll see you tomorrow or
the next day fine
