hey God is so so annoying because God
where do I start
if my makeup is done and it looks
amazing I think it looks amazing and but
this kind of ruins it so I thought we
can't we put makeup on my mole that's
healing but I'm still doing a little bit
of a recap because I haven't been able
to look properly today because it really
nuts away but this morning I woke up got
ready and went out because I had a
bridal makeup trial with Bobbi Brown
which is so exciting because I've always
loved loved Bobby Brown and I love with
a wedding makeup that lady and I had a
lovely lady called Hannah she's amazing
do my trial and then she's going to be
the one who does it on the day as well
and it's so exciting and okay I heard
what the best light is to show you and
obviously is probably not the best
camera to show you but we this is the
look at the moment but I've said I love
it I love the eyes so Matt the skin my
love as well so much and I just said I
might not want it to be a heavy kind of
under the eye because I want to feel
like kind of like my normal makeup but
amped up and to look even more kind of
bronzy and glowy and everything so yeah
the only thing I said was I think I'll
just go a little bit less black on the
eyes so yeah you guys are kind of
getting a little sneak peak of like my
wedding makeup and so pretty exciting
and by then this should have well gone
been healed
I love the brows and everything and yeah
so it's really I think sorry I didn't
explain that very well so wait up
headed up to London stopped at the top
kitchens gay little girl food and then I
was telling the makeup took exactly
maybe like an hour 15 minutes something
like that and and then came back to came
back to like our area base annoying
little one had to go and do like a wedge
like admin basically meows oh yeah all
the marriage stuff kind of really taking
form and and just got back to having a
cup of coffee and so if you've looking
at myself somewhere oh my God look very
different
you're caught up basically so I'm just
going to go downstairs and she make a
bit of lunch as well from starving and
and I think that's it by the way I've
got a ordered some things on mango quite
like a weekly right now this is one of
the things that I got isn't it stunning
and it's so nice it's so such a good
quality and I want to show you guys the
other bits I got as well so I think I'll
do that later
I knew that would distract you carry on
hey yeah so the net one sleeping thank
God
it's really hard to get her down a
little that was and Frank's working out
her up twice like so she went down and
then he dropped to one of her toys on
the floor down here um oh I feel better
so funny
thought looks red and I just realized
this club got blush on and initiation he
has blossom and yeah he woke her up so I
had to then put her down again and then
he barked as I was putting her down and
I'll pick up Franklin anyway oh he was
really cute right now
nikka noon I'm just uploading the vlog
from yesterday so I'm quite looking
chemistry or seeing what the comments
are going to be like but anyway these
are some of the new cushion covers I got
yesterday you guys probably recognize
but I like this whether you can exhibit
too weird like a bit too random so I'm
going to order another one of these
which is the bubbly like cozy one very
nice and I think I want to have that
there as well so something about it
looks a bit more symmetrical I've got
this one here and then I have got this
cotton candle and hair I took these
earlier
look I try to do a little selfie with
Indy quite--quite she look this was the
first one she looks down I look like
Mary Jason's gone training he's gonna be
back at about 8:00 or so I'm just
cherishing the time run she's down for a
nap and I can get stuff done cuz yeah
this is like the best time ever
you're her mum but it always goes so
quickly I just I feel like I'm blinkin
and she's awake again
but anyway and I was not learned you fit
in of it I guess I loved that as well I
want to start meal planning and I want
to like there's loads of recipes in the
MEDLINE short book I feel like I'm
saying I'm not sure if she even answers
at Madeline or Madeline but anyway yeah
there's a fear I want to do from her
book so I think I'm going to do an
online shop and then like you know get
everything I need but yes no I dare if
this is interesting or not oh I've got a
huge spot under the skin here anyway and
oh I got these things from Hugo by the
way thank you so much Hugo Boss up
they're so amazing to get em a little
package by them and so look I've got
this gorgeous shirt not hard it's more
for me or for Jason to be honest but I'm
going to open it up and see what size
they gave you're not busy and I did it
and then look this oh my god that color
is amazing very forger oh my god I don't
have anything like this that was amazing
thank you so much he go hey so she's up
hell I Little Miss I have to trip
sometimes a mother in her because she
chews on the couch pizza and then ends
up having like a massive wet patch on it
such little horse or something and I
just thought I I would like to talk
about this Oh topic so it's turn a light
on and because I just tweeted it and I
thought it'd be funny to talk about on
the vlog I treated that now I'm a mom
whenever I hear anyone say that they're
tired I'm like no no no no no and
thank you no idea what time is it so
funny because when you haven't had a
baby as well and I mean I used to be
like this
you looks like I'll having a baby can't
be that tough tiring seriously you have
no idea what time this is is and it's
bad because you judge people for saying
it because you're like no like you're
not tired but it's all tired it anyway
I understand all the people can be tight
so I'm only like half joking but it is
just insane like so I'm like moving
around or like it's this whole
conversations like spinning around and
stuff
what's let me do it I mean I feel like
I'm kind of losing my mind
yeah after my little talk about timeless
no longer should I have to dinner we
don't have any food I know she didn't
like purple sterilizer is not working so
I don't know what the hell I'm gonna do
when everyone dings does she always like
tries to touch my arm it's really cute
not much else to update I've just been
washing her bottles and now I do not to
do extend up and sterilize and I'm not
going to order some food and do it on my
shop and what else in my gym I need to
order have some more baby fests and
stuff this is super boring but yeah and
then I went to get them from so old ones
are from next and they were really good
but she's just about growing out of them
so I'm gonna do there yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah if anyone watched these
channels it's over
Oh my makeups
Indian kind of an overtired mind I'm
wanting to put her to bed if she stops
making noises no I'm thinking when I
talk normally and not like baby talk and
high-pitched she is like oh wow look oh
my god what am I talking about
yeah I am so I ordered some dinner from
pharmacy which is like a vegan
restaurant it's so good it's in wet wet
them growth like nothing heals on area
and and yes I'm just wasted swim I'm
going out of focus and yes waiting for
that to arrive and then I'm going to
start her bed her eat that so I can eat
in peace oh my god that weave so maybe I
wish I thought of wine but if she's so
amazed that I'm talking so loudly and
she's like what what's mommy doing
should we give you a bath and I can't
borrow now because if they come well
she's in a bottle obviously I can't
leave her and I bet as soon as I put her
in they'll ring the doorbell and then I
don't want to take her straight out
again so so I just put her down and this
is my dinner doesn't look too appetizing
it's like avocado broccoli sweet potato
browse I think there's like floor Alton
Illinois it's kind of like cabbage
anyway got me good the dressing it comes
with his a really good player I'm gonna
diggings I'm starving like I look dead
I'm so knackered I've just put Indy down
for her I think that third lap of the
day I'm getting so happy because she's
really napping well that she I always
say this she never ever naps during the
day and I feel like the state trainings
really starting to kick in so that's
good that you guys can see yeah
accused she loves them
Oh No now get wake up she would sleep
easily on her like side I've got a back
to sleep
haven't been able to do my hair today I
feel like I just never have time to sort
my hair out and it's just like I have to
run out the door like I don't know I
kind of do my face most of it then I'm
talking about but I have to get out the
house I've been in all day great another
the way home and I think it's going to
meet and make it go and have some lunch
together I'm just going to wait for her
to wake up and then hold drag her out
today a lot something different about
its progress on road but hopefully and
scrambled eggs
Hey so I'm on my way
at the moment to Southgate on going
because I have a consultation with nez
who doesn't most amazing micro bleeding
work so some off there and it's about
half flourish and then holes are broken
on set and I guess after that I'm going
ahead time have some dinner and grab it
really like I haven't lost look I
haven't blobs Anna it has been really
busy so and I got up here I was a little
bit later pops I think that but I had a
chat with nares and everything well so
I'm just heading home we just had a
coffee like three coffees a day and put
a crime or way home somehow
I'll see you guys when I get
and I saw no word of a lie I've just
been putting laundry away
like about two hours for so long oh but
I've never tried this before it's a
ground by mask
if the gravity mod mark it's firming
treatment and and all the trifle Ballu
give it a whirl oh ha ha oh my god is a
sin you never put on like a metallic
mask oh it's real grab it in painful
it's smell like pineapples are funny a
lot Jason's face is going to be like I
literally did it on the blog would be
hilarious
oh it's getting a bit tingly I like that
how how long even make it this color I'm
messing up my mole this is we're really
about on for better ground air see if I
can watch a bit of TV and and relax and
then I get to do that on our own
no just sign it some coconut ice cream
like that healthy coconut stuff and it
feels really nice at all three smooth
can feel a breakout very far so cool the
neck coming up you know anyone else tend
to take masks off with a Hot Club all
right
that's an obvious thing but a lot of the
time I find it's much easier
oh god that's not good though so yeah
okay I'm gonna little bit now thank you
guys for watching I'll see you tomorrow
or the next day and last you guys
weather
