morning guys I'm going away to awesome
Street I've got a meeting at South p.m.
yes yes so I'm just heading up there
it's so cold in London at the moment I
don't know what's going on it may
obviously is not feel like that so
dismal
yes I'm like layer dark with my
turtleneck and trench coat
I bring it warms up okay I'm looking up
this slope off and this looks really
good so Hopkins hot dogs I wouldn't
really wanted to grab a blow pop singer
and I hate learning an orchestra if I
walk before when they can expand it so I
just invite I don't have hi I hope
they'll go back later if I want to go
ahead I'm having ups learners happen
which I love it in there so much like
frames all over the walls
hello people also in there for coffee
and then I probably catch up with you
guys after it being real or just in the
meet somewhere pretty well and I met up
with a lovely lady from Joe Melo and
social you guys but they're all package
so so you guys have been there like that
and I think now I'm going to have it all
nosy and then probably free service and
all Bubba what the page name home
immediately you need to move over coming
and I'm hoping they'll appear
something popped into my group I always
find that to store it shit compared to
the first response through online
planning a sermon tenens me I never know
had fair but and I thought that these
though I might give them I need some new
under
yes so how is recording the cat the bit
where the battery goes just open right
I'm just heading home and I met such
lovely people I met two lovely
subscribers one in hmm home and called
Cherie my name as well because that's my
middle name and he'll say lovely to meet
her hi and I also met a lovely
subscriber in ten Aziz's I I don't know
how to fish she was fine I hope I was
lovely to meet you
I want to show you guys what I picked up
today quite excited I thought I'd show
you guys what I picked up today or what
kind of thought today and so from the
lovely Jo Malone ladies um I have this
oh my god and ready for this oh so
pretty
so wait was the silicon say it wrong
it's a rare teeth collection this one is
the long teeth firm sense and it is so
nice not like anything else I've smelt
before it's really nice the packaging is
amazing so I'll try this look for a
little bit longer and let you guys know
what I think and then in here she said
that there's a bigger one I haven't seen
it yet oh my god whoo oh wow a massive
look at that bottle that's amazing thank
you so much time alone that is amazing
okay so I'm going to keep that in there
for Alex's sweetie special then I went
to hmm home and I want to show you go
quickly what I got and then I'm going to
like put them around the house where I
have one of woods there which I want to
flip this stuff so I'll show you it
actually around the house as well so I
just got this tray for our living room
coffee table because all our stuff gets
scattered everywhere and I love these
already handy $12.99 really nice and
then I got this a palm print pillow case
cushion case I really like it
then I've got this one because it's kind
of committed looking and soft and I
thought that would be really nice to
like chill on the world and it's nice
like added texture then I also got I
think fun away I think that can link
these things down below so they'll be
down below got this one as well so it
was a really cool pattern I think these
will look quite nice together I like to
mix and match things then I got this
mini bars yes this mini bars the less
you can tell how big is all my hand is
really small I think these are really
cute to just put like one rows in or one
like tulip in or something so super cute
so that was only $2.99 and then lastly I
think I just got a candle then I got
this cotton candle which obviously
smells like rotten smell like fresh
washing which I love and how much was
about $7.99 very good size it's nice and
big and there dab it I got from hmm time
and then I just got some bits from
tenors and tenors live so underwear kind
of hard to show you know looks bit
lackluster off I got some like breathe
lazy breathe normal breathe then I got
this nice nude bra thought this would
look nice under like white t-shirts and
or you know one t-shirt so the tiny bit
see-through and it's like you want a
nice bra or bra underneath but most
bralets don't fit me because I've got
bigger boobs so that's just racist and
yeah that's it
not that I thought all these in size
small because they're all really
stretchy so I thought that'll be the
thing to do I'm going to try and head to
the gym now then later make some food or
order some food and then that'll be it
for today really yeah really good day in
between being out in London and doing
this I've just been looking off to Indy
like non-stop and she had like two naps
which is really good for her she hardly
ever naps usually
and adding loads of works catching up
with work so it's been a really really
productive day did I stop bring the
camera to the gym
cuz they're a bit funny in there I might
see you guys after the gym but anyway
that's my aim right now
just got back from the gym and I need to
have a shower
refreshing everything but I've just been
looking at the comments from the first
like yet but yesterday's vlog and thank
you for your lovely comments by the way
and and right let's talk about writing
it's been a lot of people things I've
been trying to avoid it I haven't well I
have but not for the reason you think
I've been trying to avoid it really
difficult thing for me to talk about and
even think about and if I seem perky
like while I'm talking and just because
that's my way of dealing with it by just
trying to kind of get through it smile
so
she've know where to start so some of
you have seen on my sister's channel
that Riley is living in that house now
which he is but there's a lot that's
happened for that to happen before
having a baby I was one of those people
that was always you know if I saw anyone
get rid of their dog I was like oh what
a complete arse ultimately how can you
do that to a dog and I was one of you
that I've been coming to and stuff like
that and and it's something that you
never ever think is going to happen to
you you and your dog and yeah so this
will be going to be loads of shitty
comments like on this subject but please
try to understand that me and Jason
Jason I haven't been like haha let's
just get rid of Riley like that it's
like some people think that's what we're
like we feel like we've lost a family
member it's really upsetting and so I
haven't really talked by the X I find it
really difficult to talk about anyway
sorry I'm rambling but I think some of
you just need to understand that we
haven't done it flippantly you know
Riley's like my little baby who's what
my first ever is like my baby so
obviously we didn't look when things
would happen between Riley and Franklin
but they used to get out of the blue no
warning all of a sudden they would just
go for each other and it was very
violent I didn't even want to get
involved with it you know I was scared
in the middle of it and we have to just
separate them you know keep them
separate and there are other things I'm
like they're really into detail but
there are other things as well we tried
to chain him we got a dog behaviorist
behaviorist and about two one or two
years ago now and we knit like this was
still going on with them being you know
having violent violent episodes when I
was pregnant and even when I just had a
baby so even then we you know we didn't
want to do anything extreme even though
that was really dangerous for the baby
to be around and so our last resort was
to send both dogs so a lot of people
notice that I wasn't showing the dog
much that's because we sent them off
they were especially for a month that
they ended up being there for six weeks
to be trained because the Franklin had
like training issues as well which were
probably awful so they were sent away
just to be trained and the plan was for
them to come back and we were praying
that everything would be fine and you
know they'd be settled and well aware
we've got a really long and serious
email near the end of his time there and
I don't go into it like what he did is
something that could easily happen
within D in a sling or you know with
carrying India around and we would just
stop we weren't told what to do but we
were strongly advised if we were to
still keep both dogs in the house that
we should separate them like just always
have them separate so obviously me and
Jason thought about it a lot and we just
I you know we just thought what kind of
life is that for them like so if we're
in the living room we'll have to put
like Riley in a crate and have Frank out
and then swap them and so ones like
always in a crate or always in a room on
their own and that's just a horrible way
to live and we'd always be on edge
because if they ever were around each
other and at any point st. in D's on the
floor playing like you guys have seen
enough logs they could just go for each
other you know god knows what could
happen it's because there's such strong
dogs as well it's really it could be
dangerous so
for Indies sake for our sake and for the
dog's sake we are last thing thing that
we had to do was to Riley had to go
basically from our from us which shit
just I think I still don't think it's
real I don't know if anyone else has
ever had to give him a dog away but I
don't I feel like he's still coming back
or something like it's weird put so the
first person that I asked if they wanted
to have him with my mum because when I
first got Riley
me and Riley actually stayed at my mum's
for weeks and we it because it was just
after I had my big job so my mom's
looking after me and basically that was
his home for quite a few weeks like he
was used to my mum's house and they
loved him too bit like my mom's always
been obsessed with him Steve my stepdad
is obsessed with him he loves him and
Danny obviously as well so um yeah I
just thought it's the best place for him
to be they know him they love him he
knows them as well but he gets like
really long field walk every day
sometimes twice a day which we can't do
here in London and they'll just give him
the world and I thought that's so much
better than this is so long I thought
that's so much better than what life he
would have with us now and so as much as
it we'd it like dicks when you don't
know the whole story what happened is
best for Riley I think in a way it was
easy for us to decide because we knew he
just have a better life he'd be happier
he also was always was very stressed and
on edge ever since we got Franklin so he
for him he'll be so much happier in
general so yeah I feel like I didn't
have to explain that in such yet depth
and because I've seen other people I've
seen this happen to other people on
YouTube and they just give in a really
quick explanation and yeah I mean I
don't know maybe I'll cut some of it out
but basically it was everyone safety and
right
because he would not win subscribe with
Frank and it's really upsetting for us
so please try and understand that and
it's different imagine having to do this
and having an audience of people judging
you for doing that even when you know
it's the right thing to do so please try
and remember that that's a really
difficult thing to try and deal with and
to explain so it's really weird that in
here and I miss them all the time and I
won in fact really but what can you do
um so anyway hopefully we can just drop
that subject now because it's not nice
for me to keep having to relive as well
and Jace is really sad as well if anyone
wanted he we both the same like he loves
him to bits he's got him on his arm
sorry so yeah we're both pretty
heartbroken about it to be honest and
it's a bit of a sore subject
anyway I'm going to finish this hit and
go in shower and it's a bit of a weight
off that I've talked about it finally
and yes I'll see you guys soon bye
