hey everyone this will say wig from like
super blonde last time I filmed I was
not as blond but and yeah sort of
condolences
but I wanted to like start the vlog
because I wanna vlog as much as possible
during May so I said if it will be every
single day every other day and then see
how it goes it's a lot later now and I'm
just prepping my dinner I got this
cookbook the other day it's Madeline
shores a year beautiful eating and there
are so many recipes in here that look so
good
and I'm show this what I make it Indian
spiced vegetable curry yeah that's what
I'm doing
and she's been a little terrified but in
the carrier for that cuz she just like
being in here is going to here that
keeps her quite content so she can watch
me like making food so I chopped up
space oh and I'm just chopping up two
onions
so what's filmed I put in the slices and
I just absolute paper and I are doing
parsnips
then they've got coconut milk ground
almonds or Abby's now they're just added
some coconut milk now it's a bit more of
a knife and a little bit this is going
to give it a good stir and then fun flip
that up the ground almonds as well and
then we believe it's half an hour and it
just added the sound woman it looks
pretty good already like not for some of
you and yes leave it like that that's
really good question
all added to the sieve and some kale be
kale is minimal people I really like
curries with Africa came in they were
water
and it doesn't look too far off of that
I hate coriander for not going to put
coriander on it but yes I really
recommend this book if you are in the
market morning you're just waking up and
yes a pregnancy is going to be a two-day
sort of thing I think is just the
easiest way for me to do it now and
hello everyone just making my morning
coffee no making one morning coffee Oh
God we're crusty and fresh and then
we're going to get ready and go because
we've got a meeting at my management so
I'm yes
that's what was in this morning and
later I've got another appointment so
it's a bit of an appointment day and I
come out and about day by the way guys
didn't like some of you have seen it
sometimes you might not so this is my
new blog and I'm sewing it soon as you
so excited when you'd like you know
update your blog so I'll just give you a
little quick look through you've got
like the latest section so like this is
the very latest and then if you like
viewing blogs kind of the traditional
way then you can just click view all
posts and then they'll load like this so
Frank just stepped on my foot so yes
like this you know you can just scroll
through them quite easily so we've got
got categories so outfit travel food
beauty they're kind of the main things
that I tend to talk about my blog so I
thought makes them the main fall and
then you if you hover over it will show
you what this actual post is and I know
no one is exciting their most wanted
just all the obviously things that I'm
lusting over at the moment and different
categories so this is like high street
sign like you know things that I really
want and then like designer bags and
like that latest video and that's that
so yeah feel free to have a little
browse around let me know what you think
and thank you so much for your comments
on my latest posts you're so so lovely
and I love the feedback as well so yeah
I'm
or high-pitched I'm really excited about
it and and I didn't really want to talk
about this one or like such a state
thank you so much took between a bass
because she did the whole that like
developed it designed it with me and for
me and she was amazing and I think I
talked about this on a main channel
video as well but yeah I just wanted to
say thank you hug she's she was just so
amazing to work with I'll link her
website down below so anyway I want to
get my coffee and try and get ready okay
we made it it's really nice today and
we're just going to grab two to go in so
let me think and probably won't get in
anything obviously but I'll catch you
guys up afterwards
hello so the meeting went well and now
I'm rushing over to like 15
like criteria to be late I'm going to
get my mole removed because I hate the
years me every year I'll probably be a
bit more of a chatty bit about this
later but I thought I'd like to tell you
guys what going on forever
and I'm going to ask enology and then
we'll see you guys on the phone I just
grabbed a coffee from coffee works and
I'm going home it's really nice around
here by the way never even it was here
so there's like different restaurants
and stuff and the reefer inducible at
the same thing like she just yelled
click you could scream scream and a cry
and a shout we're going to have some
dinner so and when it maybe one season
see ba ba ba like explain more to you
like about everything because this is
hey so sorry I'm she thinks it is the
next day I love this foundation I'm
wearing so much so but it's the
hourglass Manish stick you know six
foundation and it's so good I wanted to
just explain like what happened
yesterday - I know I just kind of
disappeared afterwards and then I
haven't been up for update and so I went
to ask analogy and I've got my mole
taken off do
so he's he's taken it off but obviously
it leaves a bit of a scab so I have to
wait until the scab heals and I'm so
happy about this because I've always
hated the mole on my face so this is a
totally personal thing I have always
wanted it removed I'm not telling anyone
else to go and get mold removed
disclaimer but it makes me very very
happy to finally not have to deal with
my mom and yeah they're really good and
very professional lovely like it's
lovely inside as well and I'll link the
website down below I'm not sure how much
more to go into details with everything
on this blog oh this is the day after
and I've been working all day because we
don't have Indy today his Jason's mum is
looking after her so on days where I
don't have her I try and like rush and
get as much work done as I can and it
just doesn't leave any time for vlogging
really so um yes I'll try and like blog
when I can now I'm going to try and go
and get a little bit of editing done
clean the house a little bit also in
case you guys wondered because I
probably get questions in this video I
haven't like I know I haven't like
chatted about my hair properly yet but
yeah it was like super blonde her hair
is from crown Kutcher I think it's
called I'll link them down below really
good quality hair and going on at you on
a hair factory like usual I'll link them
down below
yeah I really like it so far I'll catch
up with you guys properly really soon
but thank you guys for watching this
first vlog and I'll see you tomorrow
today all tomorrow bye I just have to do
this little talking it before I put this
lock up because otherwise I just don't
feel right and I wasn't sure whether
it's a mention it or not so you guys I
went to going get my mole removed
yesterday so it's kind of is still
healing it still looks really dark it
doesn't look like anything's changed yet
the funny thing is okay so in my latest
main Channel video quite a few people
have been like you and lips look fuller
and I just didn't address it in that
video or anything because I wasn't sure
whether to I didn't know people would
notice like because in my snapchats and
in stores and stuff like that no one's
noticed at all and
so like oh maybe I shouldn't mention it
I didn't know about 2 weeks ago I went
in and I got a few little injections
done and actually went in that day and
to get my mole done and to get some lip
injections and I don't know whether I
don't really have to explain it but I
like I've always loved my natural lips
but I've always like really liked the
idea of having a bit more fullness
especially in my top lip also don't try
not to judge them today because this is
just that they after having them done so
they're still swollen so if there's
anything that looks a bit weird it's
because they're still swollen and they
still need to settle in and everything
like that so if you leave nasty comments
whatever but you know just keep that in
place about they're not finished per se
so yeah I got my first set of looking
injections about two weeks ago and and
it wasn't as painful as I thought it was
going to be and quite happy with it and
they're and they settle down and then I
just thought I'd really like just to
touch more fullness and so I went back
in we talked about it everything and I
had a few more done yesterday so again
you know I just didn't know whether to
say it when I was on my way there and
everything and it wasn't really the time
to explain it then just like quick like
walking around in London and stuff and
at the same time I don't want
it's a tricky subject because a lot of
people say that people look up to me and
I shouldn't do things like that but then
this might if me like I mean I'm doing
it for me like I'm not trying to that's
why I didn't want to talk about it at
first because I don't want to seem like
I'm pushing be ideal to anyone
so yes the personal choice if you don't
like it whatever it's not your body
and they wear off as well so it's not
like I've done it for life and it's
something that I've wanted to do and
I've been thinking about for a long long
time at first they're just not settled
though so I don't you guys to judge it
like right now but yeah I just wanted to
be honest with you guys don't treat you
guys like idiots like I'm if you guys
notice that you know it's difficult
I wasn't going to just ignore the
subjects but if you guys are noticing
many yeah I want to tell you and be
honest and not treat you like idiots and
deny it or anything cause I don't like
that when other people do that so yeah
if you want to know more about them I'm
really really happy to talk about it but
if not I'll just leave it there but I'm
sure you guys will probably comment on
them a lot sorry they're a bit like
looking out and everything today and I
need to sort my skin out in general I'm
going to edit this look now and upload
it try to be to me I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
