hey guys so it is Monday and I thought
I'd love today because we should be
having quite a nice day today this one
was a bit stressful I feel like I always
say the same thing I feel like I always
say that but anyway we're all heading
out as a family to you central London
today and and we're going to go we're
like sending we have to send some things
off at the post office so Jason just
doing that and then we're going to get
some lunch and then we're going to go
meet my managers and for coffee and then
I don't know what's gonna happen later
so yeah I thought I'd bring you guys
along with me and and that sounded
interesting the college did it little
little indie that's hard to say hey
another one
hi brother really commit me in the room
Hey well sure had we got this brave for
her from Liberty the other day and it's
so cute little it's so cute I love it I
can't learn what the brand called I'll
try and find it or something so many
babies because we like the classes here
at cop√°n
and I didn't really get to be good
in terms of others online we love it
something like a solid person out there
and then I made that money and then we
go
yeah
yeah Thank You Dylan going grab a coffee
and then get another coffee
so it's puts into station kay I really
want to try out the or braid dried
texturizing hairspray because I love the
wave of shine one and yes so I got that
and the positive the way waves break
yeah this isn't a little poke health
anyway outs of the day here in Covent
Garden so I don't know where this top is
from I think it's a monkey
and then this skirt is from Zara and
wear shoes are ego any up them then they
WN sandbag where's your outfit from pop
I don't remember where that's from
yeah nice we made that
Hey
so they're back home and we had a really
nice day it was so really hard to me if
I faced with small school but they were
such a nice they say super sunny and
Bryan like spring light and I'm just
making myself happy so let's try this
loose leaf tea I've never tried this
before what looks like a normal English
tea for Frankie no you have been so Mia
but yeah I don't know I just feel like
maybe normal tea will taste so much
better than evac P I'm going to try it
out hello flag
they'll offer me but never actually
other sports I write up for and oh
I've got bland life-sized Muslim because
you know when you've been in London in
central London it's very like multi or
having my face
yeah you know it's just it feels right
sometimes when you get home you just
needs like purified okay here we go sir
oh my god what is going on why is it why
is that happening
okay I just made the strongest tear ever
in my society just wrong
whoops okay so when if you trying to
need a little bit I just filled that
whole thing I'm making a surf bar by 30
so that's two blocks but I've just
picked the sea and now I'm just doing
the veg and I'm adding a bit of teriyaki
and soy sauce a little bit tuned and
then these thin rice noodles are so
dense that they can after
and Murdoch hey guys it's Tuesday and
didn't miss that much last night but I
just watched Jade pieces video talking
about makes me so emotional talking
about her labor and delivery and it just
maybe so I don't I really don't get
emotional very easily but her story was
so amazing hi Jana C which I don't know
she'll watch but she's so strong to like
talk so honestly about everything and
show everything and it just it brought
back so much alike things that I felt as
well even though I had quite different
birth to have it I feel like we had a
lot of similar like pregnancy feelings
and thoughts and things and it's just so
nice to see so many more honest women
talking about like pregnancy and giving
birth and things like that and it also
made me think about like the fact that I
haven't yet talked about my
breastfeeding experience I've done it's
like I really want to talk about it
really like I had a really read of
called Pat just after giving birth about
it so I was I didn't want to talk about
it at all
and but I feel like I'm kind of like
Spiral wrong with it
far away I mouth now from that to talk
about it I should talk about in this
video
because I was gonna do like a whole
video on it but I just never get time so
I think I'll just talk about it
I've always known about the benefits of
breastfeeding and while I was pregnant I
Donna C was doing so much research on
every aspect of like pregnancy and birth
and after birth and things like that so
I was really kind of clued up on
everything to do with breastfeeding and
everything if you got a few guys have
watched my like boob job video that
you'd know that I think I mentioned in
that video as well that the surgeon said
that I may or may not be able to
breastfeed and is so annoying with his
when I got it done I was just had like I
didn't want a baby Apple at that point I
was like man I won't have a baby's like
ten years at time and I just had no idea
that I'd be having a baby like a few
years after so at the time I was a bit
like okay like that might suck
but whatever I stood there which was the
hardest thing for me to come to terms
with afterwards because it was my own
choice so during the whole pregnancy I
my aim was to breastfeed and I just said
like whatever people are smell that yeah
I'm going to try and see how it goes
because I don't know if I'll be able to
because I've had a boobs of all bearing
in mind I didn't I haven't had it I
haven't had the normal boot wore like
just implants
I had an uplift so they cut around the
whole nipple so that kind of threats the
milk ducts and just that kind of like
the connections and if anyone is
thinking of like this is just my opinion
but if anyone is thinking of having an
uplift and does want kids I would really
and you are interested in breastfeeding
I really would wait until after having
kids because yeah yes and this surgery
is different because every time I've
mentioned I have my boobs done to
someone they'd be like oh you'll be fine
and I was like no I have had an uplift
think it's different so if you do just
have implants it should be fine as well
so yeah
Jeremih to the pregnancy I was like oh
you know if I shine it doesn't work now
I'll be fine like at least I've tried
but it just turned out to be so much
deeper and more complicated than that
for me like mentally so like during the
pregnancy as well you know like you
start the milk actually stopped coming
through before you give birth like who's
getting ready and I had some come
through so I was like oh my god like
milks coming through that's a good sign
so I might be able to breastfeed and yes
so okay so going on from there I gave
birth and straightaway the Midwife put
her onto my chest so that she can roost
around and look for my boobs because
that's what they do straight away when
they come out or tend to do um and she
found her group straightaway latched on
and she latched on really well oh I'm
going to get emotional and yes she
latched on and she was drinking and
straight away which was amazing and
that's when me and Jason took a picture
together
you know first picture with her and yes
she was like on the boobs thank you
she loved it yeah she was she's very
hungry baby just in general I was really
happy at first because I wanted to have
to get all the culture and all the good
stuff before even you know like before
the proper heavy duty milk comes in so I
was really so she got all of my
claustrum which I was so happy about
because I just really wanted her to have
that because it's really good for them
to have I was really elated like just
after giving breath and everything I'm
so happy I was even more happy because
she could get milk for my boobs and I
just felt amazing and then a few days
after that I got a bit of baby blues and
it a lot of things happened in the first
days after giving birth that I just
won't go into on the insert because it's
just like personal family stuff but I
had a lot going on and then on top of
that the breastfeeding problem started
to happen so she latched on so well like
all the midwives would recycle yep she's
on and everything's fine because a lot
of the time you know babies can get
tongue-tie and or there can be
complications but she was yeah she was
fine so um it's a for about I say for
about the first week if she was just on
the boobs and butt she often got and
like family members as well will I all
about you doing so well because I just
feel like having her on the boob and
like eating with mother hands I just it
felt so natural and it felt so lovely
and like bonding and I had no idea that
I would really thought were you looking
at me um I had no idea that I'd loved
the feeling of because it's just it's
just amazing especially after you've
given birth and you've had a really
difficult time anyway so she she often
got quite not even fussy very cry she
like she just cried a lot and it was a
really difficult period as well because
she was born on the 21st and this this
court stage kind of happened over
Christmas books in de new year not many
not many people were available to talk
to everything was closed I was like
losing my mind
we didn't understand
why she was crying so much another thing
the most of the Midwife said that's just
normal but she there was one night and
she seemed so so distressed and I was
we've obviously so worried we don't know
what to do and I know she's woken up so
he called the hospital and they said
because I we felt like it was because
she wasn't getting enough food and you
know the hospital was like she just told
me to try everything like hand pumping
and nothing works like nothing was
coming out of my booth and I haven't
tried pumping yet because I thought like
you know she was just shy and straight
on the boob and so our last resort was
to just get we have a little bit of
formula downstairs just in case you know
just in case anything happened ready
when we were pregnant since I was
pregnant so we just put a little bit in
a bottle and she like chugged it down it
was like she hadn't drunk anything she
had been drinking a little bit but it
just must not have been enough and
obviously we couldn't understand tell
because she was willing to move it
seemed like she was drinking so I just
wasn't producing enough and or you know
just wasn't coming through and I'll talk
about this poop since my surgery it
since the surgery it's made like the
nipple it's not even TMI it's just
normal body stuff just a nipple with
like a hypersensitive but in the way
that it's more painful and it's just
been that way it hasn't changed it's my
surgery and so obviously her like China
suck anything from as you know this was
the one that worked for her so yeah the
one that her hat was more painful was
the only one she was getting any Milt's
on my other one there was literally like
nothing came out like not even a
teaspoon for like I could ever get out
pumping or anything so yeah she must
have been so hungry
so we she had a bit of formula and then
from there I just got so I just got so
down I would say I got quite depressed
but not like I wasn't probably like
clinically depressed I was so depressed
about
the situation and I felt like such a
failure I felt like I because I'd never
really I didn't want her especially
after high latching on so well I didn't
want her to have like mom made milk I
felt horrible about their own my next
options were to kind of try and do both
so I put her on the boobs and so she
could get as much she could and then I
pump like frantically pump though we
couldn't do anything during the day
because it was feeding pumping if we
went out like we couldn't be out for
long so I needed to pump again and I was
just desperately trying to give her what
like anything that I could from my boobs
because I wanted her to have natural
milk and that it was so it was such a
mix of it was like so stressful
upsetting so different in such a
difficult time yeah just pumping and
pumping and I was so scared because I'd
obviously I knew that the more you give
them formula the less they're likely to
get from your boobs the less you're
going to produce so I always try to keep
on a beard as well like I was so again
what also I wanted whatever was best for
her but I really really didn't really
want her to be just on formula and and
yeah so I just did trying to do
everything I could I tried to like get
more flow going in this boob but it was
just so like nothing worked and I went
to a breastfeeding like clinic place
where they tried to help me out and I
tried to I was going to try and oh she
you something like there's a little tube
that goes into her mouth from formula
but at the same time she sucks on your V
so it
the idea is to stimulate your breasts to
make more milk and I like try to do that
but she didn't like that and found it
difficult to drink and too much was
coming out and oh so I did that I like
cried every day for about a week and as
I just I was just crying so much and
everyone around me like my mom and
Jason's mom was so understanding and
they was more like you know just
do whatever is right for you and her
like there was no pressure from anyone
so breastfeed it was more me like I
really wanted really wanted to
breastfeed and I'm I just felt like I I
just felt like a failure and there was
one morning where I was holding her and
I just because I was so upset I couldn't
give her my milk and I just said I'm
sorry and damn I'm going to get upset I
just looked her and I think I persuade
the something Sophie but I was like I'm
sorry Andy that I can't give you milk
and I want to put this video up because
there's so many people who give women
such a hard time you can't breastfeed or
aren't breastfeeding and I don't think
they understand that a lot of the time
you want to breastfeed it's just and a
lot of people are like oh there's no
excuse like there's only 5% of people
who actually can but I tried everything
and because of my choice to have surgery
I guess it up basically which was really
really difficult for me and that's why I
haven't wanted to mention it at all
because it I get still get really
emotional so are the penis for quite a
while or as long as I could and I the
amount that I was getting brown and
stressed was not I there was just a
point where I was like this is not good
for her this isn't fair for her I was
like reading forums and everything of
any women that have gone through the
same sort of thing and they said that
they felt so much they could care for
their child a lot better when they just
you know if they just went with a
formula that they were there for their
child and they could give their child
everything they want it you know
everything they needed through so yeah
there was one day I was like I'm just
going to stop and it was actually funny
we went for lunch and there were two
mums next to us on the table next to us
and they were talking about like their
babies and how everything has been and
we heard them say like Oh breastfeed
didn't work for me I'm just using
formula and
I felt so I can't tell you how relieved
I felt because I also felt so judged to
bring out any formula in public or
anything I felt like every mum would be
like oh my god she's using formula like
that's disgusting and I felt so relieved
that someone else had was using formula
even though that sounds silly and yet
one day like after that I think I'll
just I'm just going to stop I'm just
going to stop and just I'm she'll have
formula she'll be fine and I'm just like
she's she'll have like normal food as
soon as she can you know when she's
ready and I'll just try and give her the
best food that I can to anyone out there
and it was more upset stressed feel like
is down on themselves because they can't
breastfeeding as I'm working to them
please don't beat yourself up like once
if you are scared about making the
decision I'm not pushing bottle-feeding
by any means but if it's upsetting
you're making you depressed to that
extent I felt I felt when I made the
decision I had more energy and space in
me to love her more and give her give
her more of my happiness instead of me
being stressed and upset all the time
I'm just like at least I tried I really
did try and it was really put my heart
into the foundation but it really and
she's been fine she's been like putting
on weight a good rates and I was really
scared that formula would make just like
bulk her up and it had loads crapping in
if yeah but she's okay she's not like
putting on too much weight too quickly
or anything that's my story and I'll
stop now because otherwise this look for
me so long I don't know whether to put
it in this look stillbirth and I feel so
much better about sauce my chest and I
really really hope that can help any
women out there okay I hurt my back at
the gym it's morning I'll catch you guys
in a bit
so like this first time she's played Oh
laughs you played with her toy in the
buggy yeah I got some work done which
was good a lot of blog post up and then
I popped him to the doctor and she's
waking up but she had a good long sleep
and now she's awake again which is good
because I like her to be able to look
around and stuff and then I'm going on
home and probably just using everything
