morning it smells like it's been so long
since I've loved so I've just started
the book because that's like the hardest
bit just starting it I'm I'm sat down at
the moment it's about 20 past 8:00 and
morning and usually in deep sleep she
doesn't really good like sleep stretch
in the morning and it's when I can get
like anything done I read get done so on
my laptop and I'm just on it so call OB
Snickers that's from liberty they're
like material this is yes yes I'm
currently emailing our florist for the
wedding because we need to like tweaks
and things for the wedding yes we're
kind of getting there with everything
I've got a few more things to sort out
like bridesmaids bridesmaid wise and
stuff like that but please get DJ I'm
just having my first coffee of the day
and like emailing I need to just get it
done before she wakes up so I'll
probably catch you guys afterwards so of
course she woke up as I was doing it but
yes so I've been upstairs like feeding
her a bit and she's not going much sleep
so all the men so she's awake in her
Moses basket
she's probably get a bit angry for the
second but I've had this she's with
Jason ah yes I've had this package it's
from Joe him alone and I really want to
open it up I have no idea what's inside
of it from so openness
to blame oh it's Alan who are blooming
good Mother's Day oh my god
who oh my god
this beautiful babble in Navarre oh
thank you so much time alone oh my god
these are be you to flow this is so
beautiful
look how pretty I just took the loads of
pictures Korea will put the little
contour I really want to put one up on
my Instagram but oh my god I got my
nails done I saw yesterday and I think
if I like them a shoots refund exactly
was doing them or like yeah and it's you
know it's still a once you've chosen the
color and then they're doing shellac and
it's like you can't really stop them
halfway through so I think oh I don't
know it's like gray looks just great
like I feel like because it's so close
to black I'd rather than just be black
don't I mean all grey just not I don't
like the in the middle anyway
it's preference or makeup hello
oh dear
oh because I'm smiling oh I'm out with
indie kind of event is ago
hold on
so I wonder if Evan Aaron's I'm on
nibblin Street and the first time I've
ever taken me out central London on my
own so I'm really like anxious about it
but now we are here on time as you see
I'm just a painter and a piece I'm going
to find a Starbucks hey Andy it's our
first trip out together first girls trip
I still record now you can pop it huh
I'm not doing so seem so far ah I just
thought you're how much is my back back
at home but we're just about to go out
again we need to get some food for
dinner
ah look at this in the screen seemed
like there ginger in this lie
she's not ginger no that matters
Ginger's awesome but it just doesn't
make sense because neither of us a
change yeah and yeah also I want to make
sure she's not I want to do some meal
planning so I want to get some food for
that well no we're just going to fit in
I know
okay so we need new pants because I want
a little Lou oh it looks like a
pancake pan like a machine I mean on me
directly
yeah I like it okay we've decided
against it can't make on this
because I like to make French Amundson I
mean the the curve to get a shape okay
as long as you all know I'm getting
biscuits but look what is going on there
are no nice biscuits nice biscuits are
the best by pop malted milk and almonds
well my chilis like that morning here's
me looking really rough again but last
night we just made some dinner and kind
of just went to bed we agreed isn't too
much I was so funny
like what you have to do and ah I
can't wake up from today I had the
weirdest dream last night - so they are
because they're really just involved
people that might watch this video and
stuff so it's like we odd in D what up
like twice last night usually should he
gets up about once which is amazing but
I'm not extra tired because she was I
mean ice last night was not as good as
some other nights have been and you can
tell I didn't copy I'm okay I'm not
playing cookie
I've just been like finalizing my outfit
for today I'm shooting with Makayla
and we're shooting in Mayfair which
should be quite nice who's not shot
there before so today's plan have a
coffee and do some editing while I can
please stay asleep just a little bit
longer
so I can get my editing done shoot and
then come home or maybe walk around a
little bit and then also transfer later
there's a possibility of going to the
cinema I really really wanna see get out
but Jason so much for you don't
want he just says he doesn't enjoy scary
films but I'm like it's because it's
scary isn't it that might be the plan it
might not be but I'm gonna make a coffee
because I'm not functioning I was just
watching some DC mean and this video
from Melanie Melanie Murphy so I can
pick up and on this tab okay this has
been up for about like five days because
I really love these shoes should I get
them I don't know they're quite
expensive
they're like 70 pounds and I think I'm
ignoring over it for like a week I don't
know I do love them but it also love
this trench coat that I want to go as
well I
I've quickly done my hair and makeup and
we're all going to leave together
actually I just rushed off to shoot
somewhere but we're going to ollie
together and hopefully like have a
coffee together before I go so mrs.
Benson yes
you can't find it's mint this mint
there's some in the drawer downstairs
how about you I did want to take a bit
more time doing my makeup and everything
but it's going to have to be like this
for now are you ready to come out are
you ready
hello coffee and throw fabulous yes now
I'm on my way to go and meet Michaela
and it's so much better off please help
us dying
okay so we're shooting and he said
before because every time we shoot some
man comes along and like make stupid
jokes or something I think he's there so
we're going to put a camera on there we
can capture all these stupid moments and
it probably won't happen now it's
already happened today it's going to put
the camera down
Aldrin come on over here yeah
so she's got that kind but then may have
the business to London I got it and
Belford looks amazing hmm hanging alone
over here no her little while both the
faceplant hurry
she rode yeah Indy's gone down for a nap
finally so I felt I do a little bit for
chassis bit to Tamra because and looked
a little bit all over the place like
normal but I feel like have mostly a
proper catch up and we've just been on
with you super busy like every obviously
everything's just nuts like having a
baby and like oh she's going up okay
I'll do the catch up later okay
I caught that asleep lashes bidding and
we've been um like preparing tryna
prepare everything for the wedding as
well weddings coming up and like in the
next few months so you know it's so much
work like just even doing a wedding like
that is looking after bloody baby and
like working like normal as well so it
is a bit manic is like amazing at the
same time and like yeah I didn't know
I've been all been like in the videos
I've been doing at the moment and it's
like I really want to do more star ones
where I'm out and about but you know
it's obviously so it can be so difficult
right now like trying to just find the
time to go out to film fashion video so
and so glad that I got to shoot today
with Michaela and we've got loaded up
it's done fish sauces and we did so
funny because every time an Italian
focus coming up but every time like a
guy click I say guy because it is like
women don't do it it's always guys
that's and says something that he thinks
is funny like because we're just
shooting and we haven't got it on camera
and different the camera on like hardly
anything happens which is one of those
things and it's just because last time
we were shooting it happened like six
times and we were like next time I
should film it and like cut it all
together and all the stupid things that
go petty when were shooting maybe next
time oMG be seen the beauty of the day
and buting the beast the original like
Disney film is one of my favorite ones
and then I had everyone saying that this
new film is amazing so I went in with
really high hope and visually it was
amazing but I just didn't like Emma
Watson in it like I loved Emma Watson as
an activist and you know everything she
does off camera but I just don't love
her like in things I don't know it's
maybe it's just me and I thought that's
almost really really good and just he
just played that role so Wow imagery
funny one of many questions is as well
almost look do you put like um kind of
like day-to-day outfits like a lot more
a lot more casual and things that I wear
they say or do you prefer seeing me like
style trend pieces and kind of having
more fun with style
let me know down below because I just
find it really interesting what you guys
like because I like a bit of a mix of
both but usually I have more fun like
styling trend pieces and stuff but some
of my favorite bloggers are more like
day to day and you know they're great
for day to day looks so I'm like should
I do not like that style is that more
like relatable for everyone so they're
too minimal Aziz I can't think of what
else to catch up on I mean maybe you
could if you guys want to know how I'm
finding like life at the moment if
anything I'm guessing if I get that
question quite a lot and and it is I
really really like it I just I do it is
hard not having an even you know on one
hand I've got the most amazing job ever
and on the other other
and it's really difficult and looking
after a baby and just like kind of
full-time working as well at the same
time another think it's not just logging
and YouTube it's never night and we're
also planning all hoping which were kind
of like a lot of job as well like pretty
much and Jason is doing a lot of it
they're like oh let's see he's doing so
much of the wedding planning
I'm just not great like calling people
up and associates the Chinese the gym
and work out as much as I can
recently and I've have a lot of
questions from people saying like what
do you eat and think that let's get back
in shape and honestly if not just been
me I've been so focused and like not
strict but just like diligent about it
about eating a healthy health elite if I
can and I'm trying to work out like
every other day and I've just I've had
like two sessions with a personal
trainer because I've never ever had a
personal trainer for so I find that
really is so good I love the sessions
that we do together and I'm just really
focused on trying to get back to my
original for being pregnant and
especially for the wedding so I find
that the weddings good timeline wise I
still want to do like a newborn
essentials video as well it's so hard to
get down to it so hard to film anything
now but anyway I'm going to go time just
rambling and yeah okay that's all so can
I just say today it's the first day that
I saw that Columba oh no Jason hoods
like is called khumba anyway that video
and it just made my day when we kind of
it so much it come by one do single
change a single okay it's Saturday
morning and I'm going to go to the gym I
have a bit of a gym sense some of it
when there's no weather there anyway I'm
trying this protein water not an ad but
I haven't tried it for I wonder if it
can I like keep me going during the
workout it called well it's pricing
water from well protein you like this I
think I like power don't have any press
it down it goes into the water so I just
did that and shook it
and their child bring my camera but
before the invasion types to film in
there and they were like get out some
film it's got to be a discrete discrete
as I can okay let's go
you guys like my phone case cases
this is my lunch or everyone says well
poison grocery more of a smoked salmon
eggs and some bacon on the side
so I trying to finish this vlog properly
because life's got really nuts since the
last scene that you guys saw and and I
just want to edit this blog and get it
up for you guys otherwise it's going to
be like way too long
when I filmed we've bought more things
to kind of update you guys on but I
think I'll do in whatever the next vlog
is because otherwise this book will be
so long and so yeah thank you guys so
much for watching yeah we'll see you in
the next one
ah yeah
