so I documented a because it's Indies
first trip to central London obviously
we live in London but she hasn't been
like Covent Garden or anything yet
oh she's just a quick look so I'm going
to get her ready I'm going to go and
we're meeting someone we're meeting our
photographer for the wedding
which is really exciting so we're going
to go up a little bit earlier and get
them through stuff like that and then
I'm going to meet the photographer and
then head home and but yeah I think my
hair looks like kind of I've got my head
on yesterday at Daniel Galvan the color
and I like I love it
Saskia did it at I think it's been a
flagship store and she's lovely and she
did such an amazing job if you want to
see all of it
when nowhere cut my head off but yeah
hello
shall we go
I'll try make her smile shall we go yeah
yeah properly shall we go to London
so we're headed to the sava eat I could
be both no no and anyway spokes masala
thanks I love curry tha much as much I
like you I just don't want to whatever
another nice lunch
there was a long long long hair a food
writer gave it to us on the house and
replace it vegetable team to cover
gardens going to go and meet us about
student fighting a needle so bleak right
now I think it's afraid healthier these
baby shoes we got retelling camera Oh
like converse ah yeah this is my very
cool
how cool is this mug okay hey guys I'm
in my mom's car she's come and picked
she's come and picked me up she's come
to pick me up today and because it's my
sister Danny's baby shower I'm it's
really exciting and I caught them and
how many weeks pregnant she is now she
must be like 32 33 weeks also she's
really big but the biggest bump and yeah
yeah
so I lose my way so little one is in the
back there and and I thought I just
bring the flock camera and maybe get a
bit of that on tape
should we go it's going to be really
nice to the it should like what it will
be really nice good someone else's baby
shower because I've never been to a baby
shower pop from my own so I'm yeah it's
I prefer hello hello little one hey I
just changed her I'm going to put her in
her little dress you some of you might
have seen this on Instagram where is it
inside out yeah but oh there we go
join the journey okay do you wanna go
yeah it's still early so it's going to
wait for everyone to arrive
sorry hey guys it's under de 19th and
and I haven't worked this week this week
has been like absolutely manic it's been
really non-stop yesterday I went to
Fashion Week which is really cool and I
saw the Julian metal not show and saw
some of the girls like Emilia and Fleur
tomorrow Victoria and it was so nice to
see you know people against like I've
kind of been out of the game to play
along like going out to things boys and
little one also she has her injections
on Thursday I don't wake up and well
she's used to loud noises but you know
when your little ones not well you don't
like don't wanna wake them up especially
she's really unwell since and I'm just
getting a bit works it's been a few days
so I might take her back to the doctor
tomorrow
um and I'm just making myself a coffee
I'm going to do some editing I just
thought I'd whip out the camera because
I really want to wanted to look today
because I might be going to the
temporary show at 6 p.m. and I need to
if I'm going I need to fill out an
outfit as well and Jason's out at a Star
Wars convention sort of thing which are
me Jenna exactly I love those well
you've gone with his dad because then
his mystical than buy tickets to go
together so I'm just doing a bit of um
single parenting with it and going to
make a coffee just put my video up my
whole video and I'm hoping you guys like
that so I am washing up bottles little
one is down here and she's interested in
these now Shanice Lee and I'm talking to
my Philip what is slap what that's so
weird
I did not see that when I was doing
makeup oh it's a spot Philip but under
the skin hey everyone it is Thursday
Friday Thursday I lost all track hello
little one I'm not sure happy we thank
you meeting her like look I don't know
if you guys can see but it's coming
through kind of light at the root it's
like you I'm a higher nations gone out
to deal shoot and also my home you can
see that I just keep picking up the
camera in there not being able to do a
proper vlog and then so I just thought
I'd have a little update with you guys a
little bit tap on this came today it's a
baby bjorn carrier we've got n there may
be one which I really like but it's a
bit big for me and this one if I can
fold it down without pulling our hair it
has like this pinstripes lining which I
love excuse my shots but I really like
it it's focused like especially for
around the house because I put home in
the ER by really carry a lot of the time
when I'm trying to get stuff done
but it looks a lot smaller and it's like
easier to power in them out of and so
yeah I'll link these down below on exist
what times I like it distracted and yeah
I'll link it down below in case you guys
worried to check them out yeah I have
been hiding the house as usual and my
working off cut a few jobs recently like
I've been working on and just in general
kind of life just village life is just
really non-stop
and quite mental but I think we're
slowly kind of adjusting to her and
she's kind of adjusting to us as well
that makes sense
and we're yes just fun kinds of like
playing with her and like you know like
she smelled everything but she handles
of a proper laugh yet so oh no I think
it's getting hungry so yeah we're like
waiting until she does herself off the
laughs and that would be so cute but
like I think she's hungry so I'm gonna
feed her and then probably come back I
think she just wanted to go out the
carrier I'm not sure sometimes I can't
tell if she's just like border and she's
hungry and like usually we can tell that
sometimes like they'll do the similar
sort of thing for two or three different
things and all I want to show you guys
in jewelry that I have got and you let
me know yeah meand here she's on YouTube
and I'm a blogger and she's so lovely
and she has a line with Astrid mie so
these are the gorgeous necklaces from
Aaron's collection I just really wanted
to show you guys them I'm sure a lot of
you have seen them already but this is
the horseshoe one and this is I called
the evil eye one and I'll make the
Chinese on and yeah so many pretty so
I'll put the links to them down below in
case you guys are interested I loved it
I got the design so nice so she's
recently started sucking on her hand and
I think she's like finally discovered
her hands yeah and it's nice to be good
for their like coordination to get used
to I guess knowing where the hands are
like how to move them around but it's
really loud when she properly see hey
that's loud this is from mothers and
pups in case anyone wondering and she
loves this we put batteries in it and we
thought it played music and we were like
okay that's just a bit boring it's just
like but she loves it when it's darker
in here she stares at these lights for
ages yes you oh my god I have no idea
that like
wedding dress people need lip-read like
this either be heard that you need like
six months to get you know like only six
months in advance to like sort out your
wedding dress and I just thought it was
like okay they just need around that
time like it's a training matter like
that's I feel I was like calling up to
break in like dress fittings and they're
all like I don't know like oh you have
less than six months and I was like yeah
yeah so basically I've booked in at
Pronovias and another bridal shop and
I'm going to see what I can get rich
yeah I just didn't realize that they're
so like they definitely need that long
to get the dress made I don't know much
about wedding thorns oh crap but yeah so
I'm just getting ready for Fuller's
event she's got some new brow products
with I'll or which I'm really excited to
see and and it'll be so nice to like see
her and hopefully have a proper chat
with her and everything and so it was my
lip scrub I'm loving this environment is
the Dior lip scrub so good yeah just
getting ready and I haven't been for
like an evening event for so long
because by the time it gets very evening
or aren't likely often I'm so tired all
the time so I like don't really go out
that much now but I really want to like
support Blair and then go and just get
out the house so I've got about half an
hour and I thought why not bring you
guys with me this is my makeup probably
notes bit off because I don't have good
lighting at all I'm feeling a little bit
anxious but I'm sure I'll be fine like
once I get there and everything so I'm
wearing my gray coat which is just from
a sauce this looks terrible in this
mirror in real life I feel like a looks
bit better but this dress is from Zara
got like this cool cutout on the
shoulders I love it and my Gucci shoes
so I've got all the wires this is their
first outing yeah and I know this look
great honestly I look like a granny
but once the coat is all cripple
it's better and so I'm just going to get
an uber
and yeah
quite well now and it's always so much
fun and it's amazing in here I feel like
it's my second wedding and I hope you
all enjoy dinner
I like the product my god I've watched
this look back and it is super random
but I feel like that sort of thing with
my socks in generals but I hope you guys
liked it still it was a bit all over the
place and next time I make it make a bit
more sense but yes thank you guys for
watching and I'll see you in the next
vlog which hopefully shouldn't be
spanned like shouldn't span over two
weeks or so but yeah okay bye
