morning it is the 17th I think today and
and we're headed out to go and get some
great wall with lunch
up it's like 1:00 p.m. we had lazy
morning which I don't really like
allowed myself to do that much and so
yeah it's kind of nice to just relax a
bit in the morning and yeah we like
playing with the dogs and stuff and yeah
we're gonna head to Hampstead and eat
and probably just have a little stroll
get coffee
something like that yeah maybe we're
going to what oh my god we're going
towards the signs I want to get at
another huger book yeah all right so we
got a bigger dismal
we just had some lunch
we had some dim sum now we're gonna go
and get coffee and yeah kind of maybe do
a little stroke just one happy yes
Oh
just heading back home and all babies
got hiccups I find it kind of like
really distracting it's really cute but
it's really distracting like what I'm
trying to do something and I'll try to
do something right now but if I'm
working I have to like just stop for a
minute and when it's so dark today feels
like nighttime hey guys and it's
actually my due date today look at Frank
hello
it's my due date today I've had a
hospital appoint Oh more like a hospital
appointment um in about an hour and and
I'm going to be having a sweep which I'm
quite excited about because I know that
they don't always work but it could
start something going which would be
amazing with this I really want her to
get here before Christmas ideally yeah
we're gonna leave
soonish and I've just been I'm really
loving this you know I showed you guys
2:30 the other day I really love it it's
so cozy and I was just like bro you know
as all my like sub books and these days
they're just I don't know
not as many videos in my sub book says I
used to wanna watch does that make sense
okay but anyway the channel star like
you which I mentioned before and I
highly recommend it and if you haven't
seen it I'm going to show you now and
they've just stopped loaded of quite I
think like 5 or something and new videos
and they're from when they came to
London they basically do interview oh
it's hard to explain let me show you so
this is the channel it is amazing just
amazing for so many different reasons
like body image women there's men on it
as well actually and it's so powerful
they're just interviews and I'm gonna
explain it really crap but they're yeah
anyway just please check it out like
it's so good and I was just watching
what is that this one and I just found
it especially like emotional and amazing
I don't know I kind of relate to this go
in it
in a way big set didn't huh friends but
because it's the way I'd like of kind of
push people about you all the other way
round below and that's what we complete
opposite but I want to do look I want a
connective people and I want to I want
to have people around me but I'm so
scared that being judged I don't know I
just so relate to that like it's such a
nice one so amazed there's so many
amazing ones as well but anyway I just
really wanted to share that so I'll link
her channel down below I spoken about it
in a like a main Channel video before
but so yesterday or last night so my
sister's birthday is on Christmas Day
but because like the babies cut you know
we don't know when the baby's coming and
everything and it's all a bit crazy this
year my mum arranged like a little early
birthday meal for her so that's what we
did last night I went to Beach Blanket
Babylon in Notting Hill it was so cool
in there and it was full of like talk
like Oh snobs you know like just people
that look you up and down it so it makes
me so angry like why are you acting like
that you're not better than anyone else
just anyway but the place is nice and
yet we had a nice little meal so I got a
few shots it was hot we were all just
chatting and stuff but I got a few shots
I'm gonna go and put a little bit of
makeup on and go to the hospital
you tired Frank and I just had my sweep
and and she was going to do it first she
was like oh we usually do at 41 weeks I
was like oh the other week they told
like two weeks ago we were told that I
will have it today so she said like she
can do it for me anyway and I was like
yes please do it because I've been
having the cramping for so long I'm just
like I'm sure you know it's kind of
already happening it's just really slow
God how long was it I'd say she was
doing it for about maybe a minute
and it's just kind of you know they kind
of like move you around inside and kind
of I think she said she kind of tilted
the serve I think like the cervix
opening or I might be wrong but she said
the cervix is open which is good
she was things kind of like favorable
for me to how am I to go into labor soon
basically which is good and and now
we're just gonna wait and see what
happens
um yeah but I just wanted to do a little
update cuz this is I don't know you know
like I'll look back at this and it'll be
cool
we're going back home I've got a craving
for fish and chip chips so we're gonna
get some chips and after the baby comes
I'm really want to eat well after
Christmas I want to eat healthy but
right now this is the deal and it kind
of oh because I thought some people
might ask if it hurt I've heard I heard
that it hurts and it didn't hurt that
badly it was more just uncomfortable and
it was a little bit like when you go and
get is it like a swab well you know when
you get checked when you get like her I
checked up and and they kind of go
inside and it feels weird it was just a
bit like that so it didn't really really
hurt she said I did really well as well
she was like some women go up the wall
and go crazy so yeah I got swept it's a
little bit later now and just been kind
of chilling watching some telly oh I
went to eat up some packages like
nothing interesting is always the same
sort of thing on my vlogmas I feel like
but I got a few bit I thought I'd show
you guys some things that I got in my
well it's kind of like bought VPO Box
stuff and it's stuff I've been sent so I
thought maybe you guys might find it
interesting
so from Charlotte Tilbury I've got this
it's a red carpet red lipstick a Kohl
pencil and also a lip liner it's a red
one and and then one to go which is
lovely I really like this as well then
from Burberry liquid lip Velvets and
they look lovely I can't wait to try
these out i swatched the nude nude one
on the back of my hand it looks really
nice and then I also got this fresh glow
I think it's a bit like it's a primer
that I think it's like an illuminating
primer and then I'm really really
excited about this stuff I got there so
it's from these two things from Belly
Bandit firstly I've got this nursing bra
which I can't wait because this looks
comfortable supportive and which is
amazing when your boobs are blown up
like you know watermelons um oh it has
pads in as well I bet they're oh yeah
they're removable that's quite cool and
yeah so this nursing bra looks so
comfortable and then I really wanted
I've been wanting this for so long and
it's the you know the belly band for
after you you know post birth and just
to kind of help suck you in and helps
you get your body back a little bit so I
can't wait I'll link these down below
just in case you guys are interested but
yeah thank you bellied bandit so I've
had these tote organizers for a little
while I mean therefore they're like baby
bag organizers and I first saw them I
saw them once on Instagram account I
think can I was like that looks so cool
because I can use my nice bags I want to
use instead of like gross baby bags and
it you know divides everything out like
milk bottles or you know everything like
dummies stuff like that um anything you
want base if you like muslin cloths and
so I'm going to just show you guys the
inserts after she's here I'll be using
them properly but I thought I'd show you
guys just in case you're pregnant maybe
and all you've got a baby and it could
be useful to know so I've got two here
this is the smaller one and they come in
different colors I've chose one in grey
one in black oh this is the big one and
it can open up like this so you can also
put stuff in the middle of it then you
know you just slot it into your big tote
bag and then it has all these
compartments which so handy um yeah
ones inside and then the other way
around there's also more on this side
we're like nappies in there and then I
think the small ones such a nice size as
well and obviously just a little bit
less but comes with a little change in
mat I think there's such a good idea
so good and I've got a little clip
on the side easy to clean but yeah I'm
not being sponsored or anything but for
these I just think they're a really good
invention so I'll probably I'll show you
guys these when I'm actually using them
but I just wanted to show you now just
in case about half 12:00 on Tuesday
I think it's Tuesday I'm pretty sure I'm
in what seems to be early labor and I
just thought that I would have like a
little bit of it because I probably
won't feel like vlogging but if it
carries definitely does carry on I
probably won't feel like loving much but
I just thought it would be cool to like
you know just I don't know like talk a
little bit during my labor hopefully
yeah I'm just worried because I've heard
that some neighbors can slow down try to
turn this down I've been having
contractions every right like roughly
every sorry roughly every 10 to 15
minutes and first I was timing them but
I think I'm just not going to time them
at the moment and when they see when
they get like stronger and seem to be
closer together I think then I'll start
timing more precisely just so that we
know when to go in and because this part
is like you know it's a lot slower and
um you know you don't need to be doing
it for like hours and hours and hours
so yeah just keeping an eye on it
they're keeping an eye on it and we're
both kind of really excited but we don't
want to get our hopes up just in case
I'm trying to kind of just still get on
with things I'm just doing a little bit
of housework just because it's it's kind
of good to just distract yourself you
know when it's so early on anyway and
not just sit there and you know focus on
the pain so yeah Jason made me some
breakfast and yeah it for me at the
moment it's like the pain kind of goes
around my back and more so it's my belly
and kind of like around here it's a lot
more kind of the bottom half and then a
parent I think apparently as it goes on
and on then it's kind of it goes from
the top but I think everyone can be
different but mine is definitely like I
feel it in my back and just around my
belly just like yeah and it just feels
like just a really intense like muscle
tightening and it like make that
whatever I'm doing I have to stop and
like stand or walk or just burrito or
free hope you sleep through it
and they've been about it's just so long
they've been about a minute and a half
then down to a minute long but yeah I
haven't been timing just recently but
anyway I just wanted to look a little
bit of my labor hopefully and that's
that
I'll see you I want to fall up there
again I'll try to not do again this
tables a mess but I'm just gonna have
some broccoli soup and some bread with
it contractions are seem to be getting
slightly slightly worse which is good
and they haven't stopped so um yeah I'm
just making sure I'm like drinking
enough water and eating and just like
keeping my energy up how you feelin I'm
a bit all over the place and energetic
I'm trying to capture a I no doubt so I
try to to get a contraction on film for
my video or our video yeah um but it's
not trying to catch fish I never no one
is happy cuz when it we're just talking
then she's like yeah give it so it
starts really quickly and then I'm just
not I don't want to talk and by the end
of it I like I wouldn't have even turned
on oh yeah so we'll get work we'll get
some dude so I think it's like half 10
or 11 I dog won't lost track of the time
but um god I look a mess but the pains
been getting really bad and I think I'm
averaging kind of like 7 minutes apart
contractions and so I just wanted to do
another little update because soon I
might not oh my god she's pushing out so
much like she's pushing her bummer
um yeah I might not do many more hot
dates because I'm just going to be just
preoccupied um and Jason's filming as
well so I'm sure I'll be fine
but just wanted to get something on the
vlog Pierre is getting just really
difficult through each contraction and
I'm going to go and sit down I think I
am D she is 1 week 1 day old today and
being fussy hello when I was out there
you might be pregnant as I know and then
when I got home he was like oh you
should just do a test just to see so I
went upstairs and when I was upstairs
it's that positive and I was just in
shock like I didn't I don't know what to
think I was just in shock I'm kind of
happy because I didn't we did
