hey guys so we're up and out we're in
Covent Garden and we're both very hungry
and so we're about to go and find
somewhere to eat and I want to go and
check out this place called chicken
sours that Lily went to because I've
been watching her vlogmas as well and
she said it was good so and we is close
to where we are so I think we're going
to go and see what we think so happy to
be at the house
I love hockey
they went to the house chicken and the
starters are so good so I hope this is
good
so that bill comes in to sell egg
stickers oh it's a tattoo
I remember Lily say no take thank you
chicken powder so nice
the hot wings were amazing I think they
were my favorite things they always are
yeah and now we're just hunting for
smoke for the last of our Christmas
presents we're doing but we're not doing
too badly for being like I don't know
like having the baby to like sort out
this year another thing so yeah we're
headed to Urban Outfitters and a few
other places
ha so we're back at home and we had
quite a successful day actually get in
good oh my god we both been pretty moody
today that's why we haven't done that
much vlogging and I think the highlight
was that chicken it was really good and
but I want to show you guys this hoodie
that I got earlier and I haven't really
been buying
well what do bein but my god you scared
me
oh we were that dark figure and yes we
were getting gifts by a solid hoodie
that I really liked in Urban Outfitters
and it was reduced hello and yeah it
looks really crazy and I can't wait to
it after I'm when I'm not pregnant
anymore
I love a are they just gonna keep
talking for the rest of the night I
think we're gonna be wrapping Christmas
presents and we don't have that much
else and maybe I'll watch a film or
something it was Maya this is the hoodie
crap I loved it because it's kind of
fleecy I got it this size medium this is
how it looks on
but it is really nice yeah go on
we're gonna be media till the baby comes
out yeah yeah if your voice in your
pants feel bad don't know if you can
tell like the material what the
materials like but it's really soft
basically and it I really love to the
color and I just wanted it so and it was
reduced to 30 pounds you're not coming
up here me not allowed anymore
OOP no you eat your boogers Oh Franklin
you're gross
yeah you're in your bed hey miles
hey Frank high five high five
good boy I didn't finish off yesterday
properly so just carrying on as you do
and yet today we're headed to Brent
Cross because we there's a few things
that we need to get still for Christmas
Christmas gifts and he's going to get
some food were both really hungry
um Oh last night as well so it really
weird happened I had like just as I was
about to fall asleep I had what felt
like um Oh kind of felt like three mild
kind of contractions and then on the
third one my belly hardened like my
whole belly and then it stayed hard
since then which is so weird
so since from um since last night about
midnight my belly's just been hard and
um yeah that's obviously the last night
it was like just different like a
slightly different type of Braxton Hicks
but um just really weird that it's just
stayed hard for hours and hours and
hours and and it also like the shapes
changed slightly and I've also got like
some menstrual cramping kind of comes
and goes but it's just really weird that
it's I stayed to this top really weird
that it's just so hard
and I'm just wondering if that's a sign
of labor coming soon I don't know yeah I
called the Midwife kind of people they
didn't say that mushroom they just said
it might be my body getting ready but
yeah oh she's moving so if you guys will
be able to see when I try and get it she
stops doing a bit of walking around
Brent core should be good brain crush
I'm just doing my makeup in the car and
then probably see one with her we're
gonna grab a Leon
I love Leon
I got this meat potato and falafel and
we've got the baked fries and juice
Christmas wrap we just ate but I can see
Jason eating something look if you got
is that a cross on I like how it just
plain isn't it
it looks so cheesy I want one
now looking to direct apology so it's
like that there's not fuzzy here now
so many candles
I really want this book I got a peached
luck wait peach black ice tea I love
this at the moment thank you
okay I'm John Lewis we're on our way
home I was just going through a playlist
on Spotify trying to find good Christmas
music and stuff anyways playlist of the
Mariah Carey song it's like one of my
biggest pet peeves is like copies of
copies of Christmas songs because like
on Spotify ders there are so many
playlists and albums out there just like
crap versions of Christmas songs and it
makes me really angry because I'm just
like there's the good originals and then
just leave it at that and then everyone
knows what song that they're playing and
they want to play like the crap version
yeah we're gonna go home and do wrapping
I think and I need to just lay down for
a bit it's a bit on my feet a lot we got
any updates so maybe by Road oh yeah we
got the road I'm so happy about this
I'll show you guys when we get back I've
been really wanting to get like a what
is stupid because it's white ass or I'm
ruined
yeah and a faux fur sort of rug and for
the living room because I think you look
nice and I found them so this is the new
rug I'm so excited so um we are just
going to move the old rug right over
here we think you know I think it would
look cool yeah should do
okay I think once it's more worn in it
will kind of match better but I do like
it we've heard that it's good to pretend
you've got a baby when you've got dogs
and to see what they're like
and how they react to it so we've got a
little gnome here we've been treating it
like a baby and it's really fun they're
quite good
they're likewise the notes are important
now
this is how bad I am at rapping
I just haven't left enough over I'm
gonna patch it okay yeah
just jumping in at the end here because
I've just been editing it this vlog just
a lot of me saying like what I'm doing
and then I don't show you I'm doing it
until now trying to say thank you guys
to watch it oh my god is that oh I
thought that was tomato sauce but it's a
spot cuz it's just have some sausage
rolls I'm just about to finish this
video and put it up so this is kind of
like semi live but not live and I
haven't really been vlogging today we
went to we went to have some lunch we
met a really cute dog
and then Jason dance-drama dryly
I've been having pretty bad pains like
they've got a bit worse my my belly's in
like hardening a lot and there's just
not been that much to report today
that's all
I just been like you know tidy and house
stuff like that and basically I'll
probably unless I kinda late tonight
which never seems to happen and I will
probably carry on log in tomorrow so
that means that tomorrow I won't be up
tomorrow it would be up the next day and
unless I go into labor you know whatever
but I'll I always update on Twitter just
thought I'd let you guys know like
what's going on and also thank you guys
so much for all your lovely comments on
my last vlog because you know I was
having like a chat about feeling bad
about the videos but you guys are so
nice thank you for being really
understanding and yesterday she has been
one of those dates as well cuz I've just
been in pain so I haven't really felt
like blogging and that's how it is when
I'm so close to due date okay I'm gonna
go I'll see you guys in the next one
point filly bye
Oh
