almost of all could do not have a blog
for ages hey guys hi Perl well happy
2018 it's already weird like I don't
know where to start because I haven't
vlogged
boy it feels like haven't looked for
long it's not been that long I hope you
all had a great Christmas and a great
New Year's and yeah we had a really good
one and obviously I kind of stopped
vlogging after like Christmas Eve
because I just wanted to really be in
the moment enjoy host Christmas Day
which was nuts and then you know I have
a nice bit of family time and enjoy it
all like you know after Christmas and
now it's the 2nd of January which I'm
really excited about I'm so excited
about this year it's been thinking so
much over the last few weeks and I'm so
kind of driven I just took a little bit
of footage on Christmas Day and Indian
her little dress that's you can't really
see in this light but this room is a
complete mess but I'm just wearing all
black basically but Indy is writing this
dress from Zara baby and she sneezed
it's so cute
it was so so good it went so quickly but
yeah I got some little bits like Indy
got a little trauma like maybe
trampoline or almost watching her like
try and try and learn how strong and
yeah we just were rushing about trying
to either do the dinner together me and
Jason and everything and then in the
evening we all played charades and just
played more games and drunk and then on
boxing day I saw my side of the family
and we all had a big weren't for a big
dinner together and yeah like since then
it's just been this we're kind of limbo
time you know until New Year's and then
New Year's we stayed in because with
today I've been to the gym I haven't
been to the gym so long so it was my
first day back and I was hahaha you know
when you haven't been to the gym for
ages and you have your first day back
and I felt like oh like frail old woman
I feel like my body and my mind was so
did
connected so it wasn't the best session
but it you know kind of have to get out
of the way the first one the rest of
today I'm kind of planning what I want
to do with my day and my week my months
and my year and I just kind of an admin
day I'm just sorting my out I don't
want to sit and do a long chatty boring
thing because I was looking at so much
of your feedback on like what you do and
don't like on you know my channels and
everything and I found it's so helpful
so I want to do much less catching you
up and much more on things and much more
showing you everything that's going on
which I always tried to do I just find
it difficult a lot of the time
especially if I have India with me but
I'm gonna try and get much much better I
see something I haven't really said
before on YouTube but I've I felt like
it I think for the whole of last year
quite a while I've been quite like
almost scared to show you guys like the
whole of myself and like more from our
lives and things I think there was a
point a few years ago where I was
getting so much negativity or and
accusations thrown at me that I think
something I didn't even notice at the
time there's something any kind of
switch and I was like I just don't I'm
not sharing anymore
I didn't really think that to myself I
think I think I was kind of trying to
protect myself I mean I'm always myself
in my flocks but sometimes I am much I
can be crazier and I can say many like
so many more things there's a lot of
things I'll say in real life but I won't
put in the vlog I think it's got better
since having some hypnotherapy I just
feel like it's okay to be like it's okay
to be authentic YouTube is a really
scary place to do that and to be that I
think these days those of you who have
watched me for any kind of long amount
of time would know I'm not about to I
know offend people and I'm not about
trying to upset anyone that's the last
thing I want to do like in my life or on
my channel
anyway I'll stop babbling so I'm just
about running a few
I need to get printer paper and well
straight to get these to get refills for
Indies nappy bin I'm gonna go to Home
sense which will be a bit more fun so
I'm in HomeSense I found a good well a
few cook bits I need a little laundry
basket for Indies room so this is super
cute I think and then I found this cool
frame that's on sale
so I'm back home thought I'd show you
guys what I got I'm so sleepy today I
don't know why I thought the super
exciting printer paper and I got some
refills
I thought you'd might like the home
since Duff cycle and so I really want
some more like shaggy furry pillows and
but I'm really picky with them I'm
really picky about like the type of fur
that it is and what faux fur obviously
um but yet I really liked the color of
this one I think it's really nice and it
kind of looks more expensive than it was
it was $29.99 and if there if there were
two there I probably would have got two
but I think there was only one so I
might go back and let's see if they got
another one and then so our upstairs
window sort of area it's always been
really round up ever since we moved in
I've never kind of done it how I really
want it to look so I was like I'm gonna
get something to go there so that it
looks nice for once so I saw this I just
think it looks really cute it kind of
reminds me of the aura kini I don't know
I said stuff which I I'm not like it's
not my favorite does sorts of designs
but I feel like it's a bit like that but
more toned down and I mean like the
color I thought it would just make a
nice centerpiece for that and then I saw
this I wasn't gonna get anything fake
for it but I just think this is quite
nice actually like I was really pretty
and so I thought that would look
where is this pose hopefully it works I
got this small basket I love little
wicker baskets like this I just got it
for this this room these are just really
handy for things like makeup or habits
like hair brushes so I really liked the
size and shape of this one
this was $6.99 this was $6.99 that's so
good for that and then these were like
1/2 pound each man lastly I got this so
cute but in Dee's room I kind of wanted
one that closes you know kind of like
one that has a lid but I didn't see any
nice one so I thought I'll just pick up
you know the best one I could find
I love the bubbles on it and now I'm
gonna go out and print stuff off and do
boring admin stuff hey guys it's
Wednesday I think I keep losing track of
the days because it was New Year's on
Monday this week it kind of throws the
rest of the week out but I've just
filmed a video so that's why I haven't
really done much vlogging today I went
to the gym and I went to get my nails
done so if you could see the color it's
um CND romantic with fieldfox on top I
just felt like a nude now I'm done
filming my video and now I've got a
spare few hours to do some work in and
things and I don't know I feel like I
need more content before I can do like
more editing and stuff actually I think
me and ice not gonna have like a little
meeting I know it sounds really weird
because we're together but you know we
work together as well so we don't do it
often I think we're wanting to do it
more this year but yeah we're gonna have
a little bit of a meeting kind of like I
think a mix of work and life stuff so
I'm waiting for him to get home not that
much else to report really but the room
is a steak now look because coz I've
been doing my filming thing and
Penelope's gone down back downstairs so
sad about that
hey it's Friday
I'm up in London me and Jason rocky
London we're filming something together
in London today sorry I know you're
looking at you first I'm going to go and
get a patch test for laser hair removal
I mean we'll need to do it so long so
yeah I'm really excited about it so
that's all I think Percy Street just off
Charlotte Street so I'm going that first
and then I think we might grab some
brunch and then headset he's on there I
thought I'd bring you guys happiest on
this road where is it
dude it's in here
right let's go yeah
and doing something out
we're headed to old Street
and you're gonna get coffee
so I haven't been doing too much
flogging because we have been filming
here so it's kind of like do too
you know rounds of filming at once but
we're headed to Pete's reach to have a
bit of food
some sort of cheese and it
so just got home I thought I'd show you
guys this sermon package because it's so
cute look at the design so it's from
lasse tan looks a tan
ooh hand cream that's so cute
and then lip pencils are a diary and I
don't have a diary for this year yet so
that's perfect thank you so much dr. tan
when I was in Shoreditch I've got some
bits from here as well because I wanted
to get my right color in the serum
foundation because the color I got is
too dark so I got 2.0 yg to mix with it
and then I also got picked up this it's
the PI spreadability fluid primer so now
I can try the serum foundation out
finally and give it a proper test I hope
you guys have liked this vlog oh not
good now I'm gonna go and try and have a
nice rest of the day you might relax and
edit this video and get it up thanks for
watching don't get subscribe and check
out my Instagram's with her and my main
channel yeah thanks for watching
