morning everyone
is the 12 and today I'm trying to just
get my together to film a video
because I really want to feel my
favorites of the year sort of video so
I'm just making a cup of tea to take up
with me and hopefully it won't be too
hard to set up which is the thing i find
i just find setting up now so much more
difficult and it takes me so long so i
hopefully I can just kind of sit down
and just kind of get it done without
setting up for like 40 minutes and so
yeah just making some tea and then I've
been mining at Jason so I really want to
go to like winter wonderland or do
something today so yeah hopefully we can
go out in a bit he's at the chiropractor
at the moment mugs I use
this is the aftermath Oh
filming oh my god you guys getting a
little sneak peak before I'll talk about
but so I finished my video it took quite
a long time because it was like because
it was all my favorite things of the
year so it was so many things to cover
and to talk about and everything however
if I did one last year but I really
enjoyed doing it but just so tiring
right now um so I'm trying to get us to
go somewhere like winter wonderland or
something fun it's already getting dark
what's the time
oh my god it's 10:00 to 3:00 and it's so
dark outside but I'm gonna tell you this
later because I'm lazy and try and drag
the fianc out we just have some lunch
just had salad from Pratt and and that's
that
come on let's go oh my god she's saying
she doesn't go out
I'm trying to track you all come on
let's go say it's better than me look I
need to walk she'll come out if I walk
and we ended up at Westfield because
well it is a bit rainy so um yeah it's
really better to be inside anyway
and get some Christmas shopping done
went to Wonderland would have been
terrible to see she doesn't realize but
every she wants to get she wants to go
out everywhere yeah then off three four
five minutes it's like ah no I can't
walk anymore my legs my belly low which
I don't mind she's pregnant but you have
to realize that she wants to go to a
place where you can only walk or only go
on rides eat bad food yeah the food been
fine loads of money on ridiculous stuff
I mean I would have won those big teddy
oh yeah but we need to do Christmas
shopping so yeah we do this is gonna be
better that's probably better
also I'm gonna try and get you one of
those people to drive you around last
time I did have to stop talking
okay Oh tryin get some presents
second forever lighter stuff you've been
there for 10 minutes it's got a some
Pellegrino
I think it might go to All Saint's okay
they've got a few things actually no
have we just got one thing yeah yeah
we've been walking around for quite a
while and it's tricky
so really next I thought my setters
present
and we're still looking for like
everyone's dude
just trying on a better club is that
what it's called
balaclava seems like a weird name for
that one way ours really it's good is
really comfy like it's comfortable my
face no one will see me coming well now
make the houses like that
Nellie now you're getting prepared this
is my over TD I thought we were going
winter wonderland so I just like thrown
crap missionary things we both got tired
quick quickly yeah so we got a few bits
I think the rest of the resin shop they
were going to do
there hasn't been that much happening
say again because today
we both so we're like what stressed and
toy this way baby too
and I subscriber in North Face she was
um Guyanese as well which is really cool
hi if you're watching we just had dinner
and and our food shops arrived I picked
up like I did yesterday so I'm just good
he accuse me of doing a fun I didn't
know I would just say if I did my row
anyway I'm about to put our food away
which I actually quite enjoyed so anyone
else enjoy putting food away good I swim
so I just had a shower and push my hair
and stuff I just wanted to kind of well
I don't know like relax my body a bit
the jinglei's of like housework so we're
just making a property and I'm gonna
have some biscuits these other back
everyone um my hair basically sums up
today oh my god when do I even start
okay so but it's just been quite
difficult looking and I just wanted to
do a little bit of a chatting and proper
catch up because otherwise all the
footage is just going to be really
and it's it's not going to make much
sense so um
it what day is it Tuesday yes Tuesday
yeah it's just been a bit difficult and
it's frustrating because I have said it
before and you guys know I'm really
close to my due date now I'm 39 weeks
and doing doing March is really
exhausting and and I just mean that in
the way that I would be going out and my
trying to get better footage for the
vlogs and everything if I wasn't so
bracken adamant cuz it's just hard like
you know if I want to go somewhere on my
own it's doable but it's it's more
difficult and I just don't want to get
stuck in London or something and I could
just pop at any minute
and also when I'm like walking you know
what when I'm walking out and about
sometimes the pains get really intense
so
I really want to go to like Chelsea I'm
gonna go to like Kings Road because
it-it's really pretty and nice around
this time of year and I really wanted to
plot I want to look at I want to go to
winter wonderland and get really nice
footage and it's really frustrating like
cuz everyone is everyone else doing
vlogmas is able to do all of this
Christmasy stuff and I'm just like in so
much I'm just I don't know I get really
down as well if I'm in the house too
much so yeah I don't know it's a bit
crap I know loads of you have been many
nights have been like don't worry you
know you could just be chillin at home
when you don't mind and sorry it's so
dark it's just like I'm exam so tired
it's about 7:00 p.m. and I'm just like
chilling in the living room but this
morning woke up shower ducat ready for
the day and and then I always stop work
doing some work and editing and I find
it harder to work at home at the moment
I'm all motivated when I'm out so when
we went out I had a drink not drink
drink and yeah just got quite a lot of
work done I edited a video for my main
channel which will be up this week is
the nursery tour video I really love the
video so I hope you guys like it I'm
really happy with it
um and then we came home I was starving
so I randomly decided to make a fish
finger sandwich which I had I never make
them like it's really rear air but I
just thought like treat yourself then I
finished the nursery tall finish the
nursery tour video then it was kind of
like a few errands and and someone
popped round and then I already wanted
to make something nice for dinner so I'm
making the slope what's it called like
the beef chili basically in the lean
machines cookbook and yeah I'll link it
down below by the way because and you
know there on the youtube as well Leon
and John and they're great so I'm making
that now I've just got it on put it on
the hop
I can't wait to eat I'm so hungry pull
it over the last few days my appetite is
really revved up and but it's like I
can't eat loads at once because I don't
have the space look I look like oh it's
literally boob to belly like you know
there's no space
so anyway I'm making chili jason's
training he's um yeah is MMA training I
don't know if I have the energy to do
anymore vlogging today but I just wanted
to sit and like catch you up and
apologize cuz I'm just so frustrated
because I love making really nice good
content and you know for it to not
always be in like the dingy like flat so
it is frustrating I guess after she's
born I'm gonna be able to be like
obviously not out and about as much at
first but at least I won't be in all the
time and like I'll be able to walk I I
still want to do what's in my hospital
bag is just I'm actually way too tired
to do it right now I just wanted to say
hi and say um thank you for like bearing
with me because this vlogmas has been a
bit like i'm not sure what else i can
like chat about and I just really really
want to go into labor now I'm just so
ready and just there's a girl I follow
on Instagram as well he's like she's got
the same do day as me basically and
she's just giving birth I'm so jealous
I'm like oh and it's like I know most
first-time babies are late
but I'm just praying that she won't be
late
but oh I have a sweep on all my due date
so I'm so excited to have this suite
because it might work you know if I
can't I'm not gonna I know it might not
work but it might work that would be
amazing
um we just really want her to come
before Christmas and it's like she's do
so close to Christmas and it's really
exciting but at the same time it's like
I wish she wasn't like because it's such
a big like event time family why isn't
everything
so it's kind of like a lot I feel like
there's a lot of pressure for me to for
it to happen before like no-one's
pressuring me it's just me I feel like I
because I want to relax like I really
want to pop her out and then like just
have it done and then be able to see
family and stuff like that so it's just
a bit I don't know like if it wasn't
around such a big event time of the year
maybe I wouldn't feel as like stressed
but I'm not stressed but you know I've
tried a few natural in like things to
induce labor but um I don't know I just
feel mostly I feel like it's going to
happen when it when it needs to happen
when she's ready to come out she'll you
know she'll come I mean trying to walk
but it's difficult just can't wait to
like wear my clothes again and have my
jawline back like I tweeted like look
mmm it's just gone like any definition
is vanished is though I don't like it
really funny about my jaw so I'll be
able to like work properly again I mean
I wonder about when she's here I really
want to relax and have Christmas in a
year and everything I can't wait to get
back into working again properly like in
January and have energy and motivation
I haven't had motivation for so many
months and I'm just I usually have loads
of it so it's really weird anyway and
this is I don't know if this is boring
I'm gonna go I want to go step back okay
and check on the chili cuz I think I've
got to go and add the beans
I've kept meaning as well to show you
guys the latest blog post I put this up
when was it yesterday so ah this is my
blog I want to update my blog actually
quite soon but it's just getting round
to it and yeah so this is it the party
dress edit I've got another post coming
up quite soon as well but this is the
latest one basically I've had to use an
old picture because it's hard for me to
you know like do shoots and things but
it's basically like a cat blur like my
selections of gorgeous party dresses so
from different shots so there's a sauce
there so no
oh this one they're so nice um this took
me quite a while and then some from
Topshop they're gorgeous and this one by
the way is from ASOS but I sold it on my
I sold it on my Deepak recently um mango
choices and river island
off-the-shoulder ones and white valve
bit fancier and then even fancier that
out net but I loved these aren't they
gorgeous um oh I've got to go and do the
food so yeah check my blog out if you
haven't and there'll be a new post-op
scene as well shut up phone I came to
check on it and the flame had gone out I
don't know how long the flames been out
for that's so annoying and I'm so hungry
isn't this so nice I was sent this from
Monica Fernanda and it hasn't even food
can't see with it oh yeah you can it
says it's in great with Samantha is this
oh I did all that scratches from it's
probably one of the dogs and this is
gorgeous bracelet I love the color they
do some other gorgeous colors as well
and and yeah just really see of them
thank you so much and they kept me there
switch on I can't have this right now
but as soon as I can have this I'm going
to be having it and that how gorgeous is
that this is what it came in so pretty
so yeah thank you I've just discovered
some stretch marks
okay wait can you see them like they're
kind of silvery oh my god week 39
stretch marks maybe they've been there
for ages I'm not sure I don't know if
you'll be able to see but yeah stretch
marks oh thought I got away with them oh
well it's fine this is week 39 bum it is
bloody big but well I think it's big
yes
you Frank okay I think it needs a little
bit well it's I've done it like as long
as it says in the book but I'm gonna
leave it cooking anyway just so it kind
of thickens a little bit but I'm too
hungry so I'm going to have some now
anyway it looks good
