against breakfast was kind of
I love this place
all try to get her made them
yeah
of your favorite HBO shows with bundles
too by hand Oh in bttv driving turn off
your phone
hey everyone so don't walk yesterday and
absolutely nothing happened there was
just nothing to vlog at all yeah all
that happened was that my mom came over
in the evening and we had dinner
together and we had a curry and we're
just chatting for hours and hours and
that was it and I just still doesn't
just was nothing to vlog so I just left
it but me Jason and I are gonna about to
head out and have our Sunday lunch at
our local place that we like to have a
nap and that's it I need to go and get
changed
because I was laying rails I look like a
state aid bar pains all night last night
there was no fun it wasn't a fun sleep
so I'm gonna go and put some makeup on I
feel
slide of cauliflower cheese we love it
so I'm just I just popped out because I
am just like taking Riley down to
Starbucks because I've been in for so
long like over the last few days so and
it's good for me to walk anyway because
it kind of can't help get labor going
and everything and I just needed some
fresh air so I'm taking a little ride
down Starbucks I'm getting hot chocolate
look at the sky oh it's gonna feel be
able to tell but it's really pretty
such a nice sunset
I actually forgot my card like the first
time don't you pull it's the first time
that I forgot oh my god I don't anyway
so I was so glad I could use Apple pay
because I just realized just after I
ordered but yeah heading back home with
that one
I decided not to go straight home I
wanted to give him a proper run like a
runaround
so just let him off in the park it's
weird being here without Franklin
I think Jason's going to take Frank out
separately later but there's also a pug
in here over there but he doesn't care
you just like we it's so pretty here I
don't know if the sky is registering oh
yeah there it is if it's really pretty
and it's like this feels really like not
nostalgic it's not the work but like
it's just funny because I used to do
like you know walk loads of walks on my
own with Riley and then we got Frank and
then it's always been like all of us
walking and then I'm just doing this
random little walk on our own and it's
like funny cuz the baby's coming soon so
it's kind of like the last time well
maybe me and Riley will be having our
own little walk together so it's like
sounds really funny cuz he's a dog BRR
what are you doing with that it's
supposed to be running around
Miley girl oh my god Riley down down
down
yeah so it's like weird oh please get
home soon because you can't walk for
long well I just wanted to look at this
because it hurts so much when I'm
walking at the moment yeah god it's it
feels like proper contractions but it's
probably just because I'm walking
because I feel it once I get home like
this happened the other day
Oh and once I get home it calms down but
when I'm walking it it's super painful
and it feels like she's literally gonna
drop out so I'm just wondering I wonder
how long it'll be bloody what till the
actual labor so yeah hey guys um you
haven't really met Mitch you haven't
missed much
yes what I'm ever doing just chilling
because I have my pains everything as
you guys know when I was walking and
we've just ordered man days I just did
the online food shop which so I find is
so boring like I love going to this shop
but it's I don't know we never kind of
find the time to go so anyway yeah so
nothing exciting really like at the
moment there's really not much to look I
know I said that the other day but yeah
I think it's because I'm just so heavy
heavily pregnant so it's like I'm not
doing a lot at the moment but maybe
we'll do something fun tomorrow so I've
got butterfly chicken bit of coleslaw
Perry chips and corn on the cob and
we're gonna go and watch below because
I've never seen it so we just watch the
fly and I really liked it probably if I
haven't seen it oh so no I haven't seen
yeah I'm just going to bed now maybe I'm
just filling up my hot water bottle so I
can take that to bed with me because I
get so I've got such bad back pain I'm
making some was relief tea and my new
favorite mug from habitat I love it so
much I know it doesn't look like much of
I love it and yeah
penetration tea probably read in beds
and just going to sleep so today's been
super super boring I just I know
everyone tells you not to apologize but
I'm sorry I know it has been really
boring today but yeah it's just
realistically walk what's been going on
there I'll see you guys tomorrow
see it's so pretty
