hey guys so I've just got to Westfield
and I'm so annoyed because my camera
battery is already saying it's dying and
it's the beginning of the day and I was
like are do the whole lot like world not
the whole look but oh I'll vlog like
come shopping with me and I'm the
battery's dying so I don't want to do I
might have to vlog on my phone anyway
I'll go now try get as much as I can on
come on the camera and I'm really not
liking my brows today they're really
dark but I just been really down this
morning and so I don't really felt like
vlogging and y'all down I just thought
I'd kind of get out the house and I
bought some stuff and needs to take that
some shops so I'm gonna do that
sorry about the steering wheel in the
way I'm gonna go I'm hoping to do a bit
of Christmas huh sorry this is an
annoying angle Oh
I'm hoping to do a little bit of
Christmas shopping and and just to take
some stuff back oh ah I just pressed
something on orders dip it oh okay
I think it was on a weird seat setting
anyway I'll see you inside
super Christmasy
hey first up headed to Zara got
something to take back I was gonna wear
it for my baby shower but I didn't in
the end
zoomy like this I kind of love this coat
but it's kind of really impractical for
a new mum ah follow another so many
things this is so dangerous
in sorrow for about how um I regret
nothing
I feel really very shaky so I'm going to
go to Pat and get some speed
I need some food so badly
the girl that staffed me watch my video
so she gave it to me on the house which
is so thank you for watching
I got Sheena sandwich
like many treat myself to tuna like once
a week I love this juice I don't care if
it's not 100 and healthy
okay I've returned my things that God
she's going to go into the white company
because they always have some gorgeous
bit I really want one of their candle
it's so Christmasy have to get it again
okay so I'm looking for Christmas
presents it's quite tricky but I'm
trying okay back in the car cuz it's so
it's like hurting to be able to walk
around it really is starting to hurt me
walking around and stuff it's like I
think it's all the pressure of her on my
cervix or something and every now and
then it just it's really painful and I
had to like there was a pot right sit
stop and sit down for a minute because I
just had to stop walking I'm even
walking that much but I don't know it's
probably because she's when I went to
the Midwife flush she said she's quite
engaged so I guess that's why I got um a
Christmas present that's good also I'm
not leaving without a Christmas present
cuz I don't know anyway I got something
for Danny and will for her little one so
that I'm really excited to give it to
her and I'm just gonna head back home
and then probably do a bit of editing
her looks up to straight okay I'll catch
you guys oh look at this is half for
it's so dark it's sort of dark then the
camera shows
and thus where bats have dinner we
ordered some Turkish food because it's
just got late really quickly and I'm too
tired to cook anything I was going to do
mashed potatoes over Riley but it's
picked up on the huger trend come on in
bed
I'm just been editing and then I just
put away loads of clothes just um
chores he loves to preach who gears and
she doesn't live by the book I knew I
have been I've been trying I want to get
more huger books got a bit of a feast
mm-hmm contest with this salad this
looks good
Wow cabbage or some cabbage how so I
thought I would show you guys what I got
in Zara earlier I went to take something
back I ended up obviously seeing so many
things that I really liked and recently
I haven't been getting any bottoms
because obvious reasons like nothing
will fit me at the moment but um four
tops like it's easy for me to get the
tops that I know will work could can
work like now and after the birth so I
got a few bits and um yeah I was in
there for like an hour but it was for
actually really nice because I haven't
had time recently to just mow
have a proper browse and like really
think about the items that I'm gonna
definitely wear like kind of like
practical and that I love so I got four
things which are here and I thought I'd
kind of tried one of you so this is the
first one I'm wearing that I'm wearing
and I was wearing it with my PJ Wilson's
but it's this jumper and sorry and it's
not nice lighting but like it's got
distressed bits in it and yeah it's
quite soft and it was the last one left
I got it in a size medium but I just
think it's so this is so my style and
it's just a really like really easy cool
throw on like just jump up
so then oh I saw this coat it was
reduced as well as used 250 pounds
$49.99 and I'm upset with houndstooth so
I was so happy when I saw this so that
one so I don't you got an extra small
because it comes up is really big comes
up massive and it's going up my hair
yeah so you guys it's not going to look
great in this angle but in real life it
looks so good I love it and let me show
you you in the mirror oh it doesn't look
good in this mirror but it looks good
like out and about and in real life and
then I got this number this is this
spiky gingham oversight so no it's kind
of like an oversized shirt dress or Fang
and this would look better when the bump
is gone and just because I don't know
you know just gonna fit better obviously
but I think it's such it easy like throw
on Petes to have and oh god I'm so tired
and yeah it will look cool with jeans
black jeans blue jeans easy to just easy
to style and and I thought easy boob
access you know so yeah then we have
this top which I'm just going to show
you closer up because I'm not going to
wear this until after the belly is gone
anyway but I've got it in a size large
and I really liked it because it's quite
you know this whole kind of Chanel vibe
about it and and yeah I just think this
top will look really nice that when I
can style it properly and I don't have
many tops like this one and I think it
looks quite classy so that's the last
thing that I got quite happy with this
stuff and I can't wait to wear that coat
I couldn't wear it as soon as I can
morning guys and just still want to make
the Berber Berber just do my makeup
oh hell it's to PC no wait it's PC when
it's separated or when it's looks to put
together I don't remember but um yeah
just getting ready
hmm I just I'm gonna make this into two
and one because yesterday not much
happens at all
so yeah I this came finally the tart
tape concealer I got it in size
meat sighs I got in shape medium its
massive like clip this is it a pin or it
okay this is it compared to the NARS
concealer I probably doesn't look big
but it is really big and then a brush is
massive it is so big moment of truth
let's see if I like it was good color
okay it's not super eat well it's not as
easy to blend as some others oh it works
better with my finger oh I wish you
could use this but I'm lazy Oh
rigor coverage and good color thank God
hello thing is caught
throughout the dashing it's very whoo
gay right oh I'm so skinny
hey guys I've just been filming the
nursery tour video I've actually been
doing it for like hours I thought it
would be a very quick one to film it
really hasn't then it's taken like two
hours or maybe a bit longer cuz I've
been doing like the cutter wet all of
the cutaway shots and then I wanted to
do some shots of me like talking about
just watching me me as well some while I
was filming um
yeah one is do like cutaway shots
sometimes and you know like mix it up
and make the video quite interesting as
interesting as I can so that's that I
think I've just finished um that's good
as well I call it done before the Sun
Goes Down um I also need to film a
favourites of the Year video soon I
don't know whether to do that today
anyway I just wanna go and eat something
cramps and revving up again um every
morning I wake up and I'm like oh I
didn't go into labour then last night it
looked like really sad that I haven't
gone in slavery yet
ah but okay right so you know again I
haven't had that much of looks I've just
been doing work and today I need to do
loads of editing as well and I need to
do I definitely need to get a blog post
up it's been a really long gap on my
blog which I hate I hate when that
happens so I'm gonna girls dares eat
something and decide if I'm going to
also film another video today okay I'm
going to go my arms hurting I wanted to
show you guys what I use because I
haven't actually talked about it
recently I'll just turn this off but I
recently got these lights I've got these
lights recently they're really good
because obviously I've got really big
softboxes as well they're in the office
at the moment but these are so much more
practical if you live in a small house
because you know it's so hard to just we
run out you know we don't have the space
for two huge softboxes they'd be about
this much bigger and yeah so you put
those put that you can take these off as
well and hand hold them for shoots and
things which is cool and then for a
while I've been using the 70d put that
back on and I don't usually use this
lens I usually use
recently I've been using the 24 to 70
but for years I've been using I think
it's been years now the Sigma oh my god
everything's rubbed off I don't know
I'll try and put it down below but it's
a sigma lens basically oh so I'm just
having G that was leftover from the
other day it's the end of it
why isn't what you focus own video go
and I had some packages come as well
while I was filming so are they
producing SEC it's just some clothes
that it's from cochon Kester's might be
saying that wrong but I love the brand
so much so I'll it amazing minute oh but
I'm just gonna eat must do and watch
some YouTube and then maybe Phil I just
had a little catch up with Jason he's
gonna ask his haircut so yeah it's like
to die I'll see you off to my studio I
just want to show you guys the bits that
I got from guest news so he's gonna look
better over see after the Bubba but
they're gorgeous
look at these these on ASOS as well by
the way so I'll link them down below but
this is like a just a gorgeous row neck
it's merino wool and it is just lovely
like it's quite a simple piece but it's
such a tart you know such a good staple
piece and really nice and thick lovely
quality um yeah I like that it's a
little bit you know it's a little bit
and slightly oversized looking but when
I link the new likes and see them on I
see them on someone probably easier and
this top so cute as well look is more of
a flowy soft number and has like a
slight high neck and then does up with a
zip and the reason I love this is the
sleeves look at those oh I love these
sleeves again look better online and me
just holding it but and then I could try
and wear this at the moment but
this is again the quality is amazing and
it's a jumping dress it's like a cable
net chunky jumper dress and I love that
shade of gray that it is oh my God look
at that
it's so nice I can't wait to wear this
stuff so yeah this is the if you're not
sure I'm saying that's the brand doesn't
know my you know I don't look very good
it's not the best lighting okay strongly
Oh am I talking okay hey guys so we're
headed out where we like lost when it
decided to go and get oh I don't know
come on let's go we're gonna be late
yeah okay is everything set yes all the
candles are horse all the candles are
gerrae
so yeah we've decided to crap again have
dinner and we're gonna go to yeah
Eno Oreo which is such a nice pan-asian
I guess restaurant in Notting Hill and
only been a few times but it's been
super nice when we've been actually
maybe we've only been probably once
that's just terrible Aichi leads out
with a baby in the middle of the road
just stares at me as if like I don't
know why
it's not I never put my baby out in the
middle this actually happens quite a lot
I know yeah like so someone just like
you know and parents just lead out in
front of them when they cross the road
and they the prams first and it's like
obviously the crimes are gonna be fun
yeah obviously yeah just wait until the
car goes past the wait until it's safe
they just wait in the road with the baby
yes well II don't know if there's even a
car I know they're idiots
so um I've just been editing for the
last few hours or so nothing new um and
yeah we didn't know whether cinema or
what so I said let's go out because I've
been in all day and so I'm wearing a
super casual outfit I'm wearing the Zara
jumper that I got yesterday and then I'm
wearing my HRH um choker and then just
low you can't see the rest but just
leggings and then my field boots and
that's oh everyone is asking about your
coat leather mask it's work it's a
rabbit
it's movin up it is it's I think it's
called a loom I think it's one of their
own like Brad's I saw an apparently was
this the first day they came out yeah
good I have been designing all day for
next year's clothes which is been cool
yeah got haircut did getaway car comics
tensely we going to again a game a fight
uh yeah a couple of my teammates have
some fights tomorrow one of them is for
a title which is cool and I seen
Brentford which is good because last one
was in bloody where was it Manchester
last one I went to was Manchester which
was at the four hour where I took me a
lot less because I may be away I will
catch you when we're there for oddly
there's quite a lot of traffic so I hope
it was a table yes okay here we are
was that
yeah oh yeah
our mains have come we both hate
coriander and I've never seen coriander
too big
we've got duck nose out duck and that's
a pad thai that was so good
what would I recommend from that most oh
the squid was so good the pad thai is
really good so now we're just gonna head
time I think and just relax and I just
want to pass out and sleep now
yeah hey guys I'm just having a hug with
little mouse I thought I'd just sign off
here that's pretty much the end of the
night we'll end of the day and I'm just
gonna start editing this floor down and
yeah there won't be much else happened
tonight so thank you guys for watching
and we'll see you tomorrow hopefully
unless she comes to my bad
