morning what day is it today day 7 I'm
on my way to go and just pick up some
packages that I like we've been out the
house so I have to come pick them up one
of them is the tark
I ordered a Tarte concealer so excited
to try it because it's really highly
recommended by those people so I'm gonna
go and get it and I kept oh my god
someone's putting a dog in their car
perhaps you haven't put concealer on
stay because I want to get this
concealer and try it out under my eyes
so yeah that's all I'm doing
right now
ah it wasn't the concealer I was really
looking forward to showing that
concealer out me I ordered it from QVC
which I've never done before and it
won't let me track it it just says it's
gonna be delivered by Royal Mail so
hopefully it comes today but it's ill
then I guess I'll just put concealer on
I got other packages I don't know what
they are but I'm just gonna head back
home so we're gonna go and do bit of
work outside again to this parking space
but he did get us into it he's good at
parking I hate parking this car it's
really tight though but I'm wearing my
new cardi it's so soft
okay let's go we're gonna go and do
editing together
so I just got some toast and jam cuz I'm
not too hungry
just got back home and had a really good
like work session I'm just around like
busy nurse and stuff so yeah we've just
got a package so we've been wanting to
do finish the nursery for ages we were
waiting for the frames and these are the
fruits they've just come today so
hopefully we can get it done which is
really exciting
hopefully Jason it's much like can also
look what we've got this is a moramax
what that's just a protector I think
isn't it you sure well I've seen
protector that looks that color but I
look like it to me but I open it up oh
yeah so we've got a max London print
today let me see if I can show you how
pretty is so it's like well it's that
embossed isn't it coming outwards yes
and it's gold and it's cool Jess we put
it in this frame so I'll link those down
below so pretty now the wall looks a bit
more you know you've got a nice flow
going on AHA yeah
yeah that's our first one we've got six
of these prints not the same got those
ain't rabbit the frames that we got
don't have an attachment and obviously
we don't them to be loose so we've had
to come and get attachments to attach to
the frames so we can put them up for
them for them to be safe so I've also
got some baskets for the bathroom and I
want to get some candles thank you we're
going into Tiger because who obsessed
with candles now
well even more obsessed house already
obsessed Trk what for the dogs no bird
need to try and explore girls we've got
this for Riley
it's funny because Jason hates this show
maybe a mixture these mugs are so cute
hey Frank
fill out the friends with us so we got
back home and we're just putting up huh
we sorted the frame and stuff so we're
just putting like thanks I've got one on
little raccoon so these are all of our
prints and we're just trying to figure
out where we want each one because
they're going to be in threes if we show
these prints before but we loved them
and we've been just we've had them for
ages waiting to put them up and they're
from Etsy oh they're from society6 I'll
try and link them down below are you
doing well then you guys show everyone
the frames to ties you've done for three
of them so you just keep arts and he go
Sara corner so we got all the frames up
can you turn the light off so it's the
next day because I kind of fell asleep
last night but I really wanted to show
you guys the frames cuz obviously we
showed you doing the frames and I know I
can't get enough in a shot at once but I
love them they're so pretty so we've got
bill wolf little deer rabbit sorry I'm
out
just come upstairs little bear and I say
that he has a little Riley look at his
eyes look little raccoon a little
duckling and if I just back up yeah hmm
I'm so happy with that
see I wholly closed down below so if you
guys want to try it and get your hands
on them that's the end of this book so
sorry guys ended with me in the next day
again but you know night nights are just
the worst time cuz I get tired so
quickly but thank you guys for watching
and I'm already getting worried that
these vlogs are a bit too repetitive
because when we just do like workdays
and stuff there's not that much to vlog
but anyway just hoping that you guys
aren't bored with it already so I'll see
you guys tomorrow
I'll put anything in the downbar I've
mentioned stuff like that and yeah
