getting all dressed up riles to tell
them what you're doing I'm Taylor I was
out for lunch
let's get the dressed up boy's car isn't
it Sam doesn't like dressing right oh
yeah no us gets really uncomfortable
yeah it's not herself
oh good good boy right there okay and so
I realized that we did all that sofa
talk and then we didn't show you our new
sofa so um it's a bit messy in here
right now
Thanks during a bone down there um but
yeah this is our new sofa so this is
what this side of the room looks like
now and and it's basically a purple
velvet sofa is habitats over in a second
it's not an ad we wish it was exactly
sod off because there isn't it was too
expensive so we got it
used and it will take 14 weeks to come
yeah 14 weeks so crazy it's really nice
and soft but it does pick up dog hairs
like that was a stupid idea but yeah you
let elf helper big girl staying with me
morning is day five I think yes I always
mess up the intro I just realize that
I've done like my base makeup but I
haven't done my eyebrows or anything so
it looks really weird and yeah day five
or polygamous and yesterday I didn't
vlog because I don't know if I'd already
have explained this but yesterday was
just a complete write-off like I just
know there was no chance that I was
going to be vlogging yesterday and it
was just total like hormonal breakdown
there
so yeah doesn't that doesn't happen that
often but it did happen yesterday and I
just didn't feel like flogging so yeah
I'm back today and feeling feeling
better got a lot of like menstrual
cramps as usual but yes and all today
I've got a my 38 week checkup which I'm
really excited about because I feel like
I never have appointments so I always
look forward to actually someone
checking me and like letting me know
that everything's okay we've got that I
haven't done my hair by the way I know
it looks gross we've got that I'd like
to and I think I'm going to go and film
something quickly Jason's gonna pop out
go and get some like um lunch and I've
eaten so that's the plan we're gonna
meet back up and go there together
and then God knows what probably a
workday o GV sit sit lookin like God
look I've got bloody dog hair everywhere
so just what happens but her knee or
something is here I always can feel her
it's only on one side
I always feel her knee like here and I'm
like since yesterday she's actually she
even puts it like up here and I've never
had that happen like in the whole
pregnancy so it's always really funny to
like see you know slight differences
there over the weeks because she's just
kind of pushing out it to the extremes
now okay I feel my video we're just
about to leave to go to the hospital to
have money
38 week appointment come on let's go
apparently Riley got lots of attention
when they went to go and get lunch
because he was in his little Chris of
healthy
we made it the parking around two is
always so bad it takes us like 20
minutes to find somewhere but right
let's go
so finally up the hospital
we're in an ever longer than we expected
to because the D like they were late
with their appointment and then I had to
have some blood tests well you can
talking because I said or did you see
people in the comments got my call me
fast and the other day but it was just a
joke I started to wonder why ahead time
away from yeah but this is I Monica
anyway first I'm sure one of my favorite
films that stands ready to speak easy I
bet so many of you will know what that
film is
the element down below okay why would it
know before I've never seen a film ooh
we both really hungry so we got
maintenant and we're just heading home
what just happened today we're just
gonna go back in and edit yeah so I
don't know what else I'm gonna be able
to block maybe cooking or something
well I wouldn't start editing and then I
realized I really won't make my book on
tour I wanted to make my stew so I've
made my stew it's just gone in so it
looks really fresh right now but I'll
come back to that in about four hours
chicken stew and some packages will come
so I thought I'd open them with you guys
I don't know what these are and not this
is there this is so sure a little bit
longer it's this fluffy gray cardigan
yes if you can follow me on Twitter you
would have seen me tweeting about like
where I can find a fluffy for a cardigan
so I found this one I'll try like it
down below
such a granny but look how soft it is
I was from happy to sign it
Oh they sent something for the baby let
the little shoes thank you public desire
PD Bay on the bottom public desire Bay
look I chose these out I chose two
different shoes I think crushed-velvet
kind of a taupe in nude color heel and
from the hailey Baldwin collection so
yeah but I probably won't be wearing
them for a little while because it's
really hard for me to wear heels at the
moment but after baby I'll be styling
these on my blog I like them down black
in there if you guys
pretty hello everyone um Frank is filthy
so I'm going to give him a bath
aren't you Frank then you go give up
nice and you clean
I fight for the bar I fight for the bar
yeah
oh hey guys
is that a bit better don't know mmm
so bloody hell my boobs bit there is any
where I left off I met my jump is inside
out I'm just a bloody mess today making
us G I'm also going to make Jason some
dinner because and the student already
and he's hungry I've offered to make
dinner because I got nothing to do right
now anyway I just called up the hospital
because I had to check out to check to
see if my blood was okay and
everything's good so that psycho cuz I
was worried about preeclampsia
I've probably saying that wrong but it
is something to like watch out for in
late pregnancy but everything's fine
that's so good I love the footage of it
Jason washing Frank but yeah gonna get
to it trying to choose who's flop must
watch is so naughty hard so many of them
just want to give a little shout out to
Michelle cuz she's like someone I've
kind of known online for so long and
she's doing vlogmas so hey Michelle if
you're watching but yeah Michelle London
and she's gorgeous look she's so
fabulous so I have to show you guys how
fab Cheers and also let there's not many
girls like London girls on YouTube so if
you want someone else to do follow
calm down
could you put in
mmm-hmm everyone I look like a bit of a
steaks I've washed my hair and I haven't
done it yet so it's crazy but I wanted
to show you this Lola's cupcake package
that came how pretty is this so it's
coming this um like wooden crate and
then these are so pretty I want to use
them somewhere as decoration and listen
us little card and look there's like
bubbles candles and let's have a look I
haven't looked in here yet so this is
exciting
okay ah oh I got this okay little
cupcakes oh my god I don't want to eat
them they're so cute that's really good
that they're mini size as well because
like it's more easy to just have one and
not feel guilty I love these little ones
I like risk a little Christmas trees
I'll link Lola's down below in case you
guys want to check them out I'm gonna
take a bite of one just because they
need to be tested hmm there was a rat
bubbling in there as well so well if it
focuses he'll cue I'm gonna go and put
it on the tree look at the ball ball
baby's first Christmas it says what does
it look isn't it does well baby's first
Christmas money that I basic wait can i
holiday roses hold it still oh that's so
cute
okay it's written so I'm making us go in
here which is graham and green and it's
amazing and quite popular before I've
kind of made us go out the house and
like go and do something
okay we're passing it let me show you my
camera run out of battery well I forgot
to switch the battery before we left the
house rookie mistake and so we just went
and got some food from Planet organic
sorry this is so shaky and ya never
going to go ahead and do all other bits
and bobs and um I met a lovely viewer in
Planet organic I was gonna get on the
vlog but that way to just without I
fight so first we're getting a tree
football and then we're going to look
for some gifts
this place is just can't go over its a
few hours later pains been quite bad
today so I've been trying to kind of
deal with that I haven't taken any
proceeds March maybe I should just take
some bloody paracetamol um and I was
sitting down when we got home I sat for
a little bit and started to read the
little bit The Little Book of huger I'm
hope I'm saying that right it probably
sounds wrong if you're Danish but I
really liked it so I really want I can't
wait to sit down and read more of it and
and then I've just been doing some
housework and I've already inspired to
like make the house all huger Jason's
got a sheet tonight's that's cool and I
think well he's out I would just be
doing work and stuff and probably
working on a blog post hello I want what
hello isn't Danish reach out and talk no
it's not is that that that's German oh
it's hedge I can move more from under
how they say it hi hi yeah because hello
is not it is a made-up word hi hello
didn't ever have a hello hey Dell Oh was
in vintage for the phone oh yeah hmm do
you want to look anything what he did
hello rescue module is my fiancee
everyone tell no that is not hello
that's what it says hello it yeah so you
guys saw that we went to Graham and
green I thought I'd show you some bits
that we got earlier today we got this
wrapping paper which looks so nice we
got gold got in gold and silver and then
I really wanted to or was that
I really wanted this it holds a little
tea light but you can attach it to the
wall
which I thought was really cool ever
seen that before on the wall so yeah 24
pounds
I'll try and link these things down
below but I'm not sure if they have
everything online but I do my best and
then we got some tinsel which we're
going to put on the tree in a minute and
I like it's it's like mini tinsel this
really cute like decorative tape because
we're doing the baby book and sticking
in photos and stuff so it will look
really pretty
ah this is the tree topper okay we've
needed a tree topper so we thought this
one was lovely it's really pretty so
we're gonna put that on in a minute and
I think that's about it already have
thank you yeah no it's cold you okay
yeah thanks okay I put in the treetop
ROM was it cut it look good we put this
candle in it well isn't it instead it
looks really cool in real life
so typo it again side of the tree okay
they go lovely since we got the new
safer Riley likes to sit on top of the
donated cushions the back cushions it's
very good so I've got show you guys this
morning I also got a package from
Kiehl's which is so sweet of them they
sent these two baubles but they have
pictures in from last Christmas time
which is so cute okay don't if you'll be
able to see this one is us two together
and then this one is at the I think it
was the green Christmas party look how
small I was no I mustn't that's Carly
the twins Lucy Lydia and Victoria there
so if you guys can see I want to put
these on the tree so I got some bits
earlier to make gingerbread cookies with
and because suddenly gingerbread I find
a bit dry so I'm going to try making
chewy so I got these bits I'm gonna like
kind of mix some of the ingredients and
then you know like the wet ones and then
add the dry ones and I thought I plug it
so I don't have the best setup here
for baking but you know I'm showing you
so I'll try and show you bits and bobs
I'm I can't wait I can't like to make
them right let's preheat the oven okay
I'm just creaming together the butter
and the sugar and if the recipe gives em
like quarter cup and half cup and stuff
so I don't have those measures that have
the cup with a cup so I've had to kind
of convert it online
okay I hope it works oh it asked for M
it said to use a machine but I don't
have one of those bloody machine like
what do you do if you don't have a
machine you know if you just want to do
it old-school I guess it's just harder
work so M&S didn't have any molasses
they only had
but closest I could find is black
treacle so if you're a proper Baker can
you see my nails chips they're really
annoyed and yeah if you're proper Baker
probably cringing at this but I'm going
to put less than it says just encase it
like F's up my whole bloody cookies so I
don't know what could I've done right
I'm gonna mix this I'm I'm really not a
baker like well not I'm not because like
I can always practice and get good at it
but I'm more natural at cooking than I
am baking when I'm baking I get all like
perplexed well sometimes sometimes it's
really relaxing but it's like a few
point three hard in this kitchen sorry I
guess watching Hannah chanst gonna try
and do this with one hand this might
fail yeah I did it okay I've got my dry
ingredients got my wet ingredients which
I have no idea if that's right or not so
I'm gonna mix this these and two happens
yesterday with a knife because I am
lizard what it's going everywhere this
is such a fail I'm gonna be so surprised
if there's tons of like edible
come on Rick's okay so I just rolled out
the dough all right I'm I left it to
chill for a while and I've rolled it out
they're quite small so it's kind of like
a test run anyway because I've got more
mix left over and so we're going to pop
them in for like seven to eight minutes
it says and see what happens I don't
know it might be a total fail let's see
hey I just took them out they were only
in about seven minutes so all they're
really soft so I'm gonna leave that one
and here take that one out in one minute
or two minutes just so I can see the
difference mm-hmm so I already tried one
off-camera well this one but it's good
actually turned out okay I look like an
actual mental person oh my god I'm
having I'm in a lot of pain and just
like my pelvic pain and yeah you guys
know the drill so mmm so go get what
I'll leave the recipe down below in case
you guys wanted to use that one but I'm
sure there's loads of good ones out
there I thought I'd sign off here
because I'm getting super super tired
I'm going to start editing this video
now and I'm going to put it up I will
show you Riley's little bum hanging off
the sofa it's so funny but yeah thank
you guys for watching sorry that this
one is to vlog smushed together but I
thought it would probably work best that
way because yesterday not much happened
and pull see you guys tomorrow I don't
know what's happening tomorrow but I'll
try make something happen
that's that bye right Bubb and legs
hanging off the sofa
you
