hey guys so know this is a bit different
because I'm doing focus put out there
I'm doing sluggish but bah I'm doing
drachmas at the moment obviously but I
know Phil mr. day upload this today and
it is supposed to be yesterday's vlog
but yesterday I was I just I can't
explain how bad yesterday was so I
thought instead I didn't want you know I
didn't want to miss a vlogmas day so I
thought instead I'll do my third
trimester update because I've been
meaning to do this for ages you know she
could come and then I probably won't
have the time to film my third trimester
update so I thought I'd get it done
I'm also vlogging today so tomorrow
you'll have a normal vlogmas so i hope
you guys don't mind
oh right now I am having pretty bad
minstrel krumping uh which is weird but
anyway oh she's got hiccups as well
great it's really distracting when she
has hiccups and I just can't help it and
so all during each trimester I take down
notes maybe first I should just tell you
like my little overview of the third
trimester and okay god it's been very a
key and panie aching pain II and which
is what I cut I did expect it I know
that most women say that the third
trimester gets really you know you just
get really heavy like it's really hard
to kind of move around everything in
general is just a bit harder because
you're carrying so much weight and to be
honest like the weight of my belly and
everything hasn't like got me down or
anything it's like you get so used to
carrying the weight and it kind of comes
on so gradually that it's like you don't
you really don't notice it at the same
time and I think the only time I do
really notice it is when I'm going up
and down stairs if I when I'm trying to
pick starfox it's like I'm groaning
every time I like go tap every time I
have to pick something off the floor I
used to
obviously pop out central London and now
that is not popping out anymore it's
really difficult I mean it just takes
longer I get really tired really quickly
and but yeah I mean it's not for very
long I think I've actually for most of
my third trimester I've actually been a
lot happier but
you can see the finish line the third
for me has gone by quicker than the
second did or actually any of them have
but yeah my mood for most of the third
trimesters been really good like quite
happy and until yesterday and I had a
really low point I'm guessing it's just
like the hormones I've kind of been
worrying a lot more in my third because
there's been a lot of pains and things
that I haven't had before and oh my god
as well like my the pelvis pain is
really what can be really worrying and
it's annoying when you've got a midwife
who doesn't like she doesn't react to me
properly when I ask her about the things
I'm worried about in the third trimester
she's just like I'm like that doesn't
help like can you just say like all
right like you'll be fine or she just
goes hmm
like okay now I'll just go through some
of the things that I noted down during
this trimester week 29 my sciatica got
really really bad and I had to go to the
hospital I was in tears and I it like I
couldn't even walk around the house
without being an excruciating pain um
yes I act like it's just something I
never I never knew that what pregnant
women could get it or you know I just
wasn't really aware of it and it's it's
horrible like I oh my god I have so much
like respects and everything for anyone
that has had slabs occur in the past
because it's the most excruciating pain
ever and went to the hospital and then
they couldn't really see me or something
basically sweats just come back home but
tin with a chiropractor he's amazing he
really has helped my sciatica and so
yeah but it did last for quite a few
weeks it was still bad and then this
week it's really got better and I'm
guessing it's when she's really like the
pressure of her is or you know on a
really bad spot in my pelvis and cervix
it puts a lot of pressure on the nerve
then I've just put much stronger
movements this has bit oh my god it
actually I think it was around week 30
that her movements actually really
painful for me it seems like every time
she had a bit of a growth spurt in there
it's almost like my belly wasn't ready
for it yet so when she'd move around or
like you know move her limbs and things
it was it hurts so much and I'd always
be like wince
and it was annoying because I've always
loved her movement so not liking her
moving I found really weird because I
wanted to enjoy it but it was really
painful at this point they don't hurt as
much anymore but there was definitely a
few weeks where they really did hurt oh
yeah I've put ok so I've said week 30
painful movements into sports like
jabbing abruzzo like wherever she'd she
kind of have favorite spots to move her
whatever it is and where when she moved
them it felt like as if she would she's
like jabbing into a bruise so it's
almost like she bruised me from the
inside and then kept jabbing that bruise
so that's what it felt like and then
next I put period pain I think my kind
of period type of pain started at like
34 35 weeks and and it's just been
non-stop since then and another thing
that I never had even heard of because
um I think I think most women get the
menstrual cramping just as they're about
to go into labor so I thought I was
having like an early labor or something
and I went into the hospital got checked
out and I was fine and they just had to
go home and just watch for watch for any
pattern in the pain which there hasn't
been since I've just been in constant
menstrual cramp pain like no one bloody
warns you that your good ol for weeks
you might just have period pain like
that's great yeah like I've got the pain
now it's just and I don't I hate tech
like I don't like taking paracetamol all
the time you know I hate pumping my body
full of it so I've just mostly been
dealing with it cuz I just don't want to
I don't know unless it gets really bad I
don't want to keep taking paracetamol a
long time then I put week 32 hot water
bottle I think I was just saying that
the holes already help so that's
something that I wanted to mention maybe
if you're like in your second trimester
and going into your third soon and just
get a hot water bottle they're they've
been such a lifesaver for me and oh you
know I'll use it in the day while I'm
working at the desk or you know I use at
night when I'm watching telly or want to
go to bed and it really helps helps with
the pain of my exact attain and lower
back pain as well and it really really
helps um so yeah hot water ball so I can
is right here on my bed I couldn't have
lived without it it's been so good
I put week 33 sticks knee outside of
belly yeah this is just more of a cute
thing that I noticed but she always
sticks like I think it's her knee I
think joysticks out on one side of my
belly and it's always in the same place
I think she's put it yep this there
right now and it's really funny and I
always is it bad like whenever she stick
something out I always want to touch it
cuz it's really like exciting to be able
to feel her and then sometimes she she
likes slips it back in she's like get
off but yeah I love that she likes
sticks I don't know just feeling any
body parts is so cool and then also a
lot kind of where my bikini line is I
really often feel this kind of like it
feels like she's doing this like dude
like around my bikini line does it has
anyone else had that because it's such a
weird feeling like it's cool but it's
weird and I don't know what she's a all
on line it says it's their head moving
around but it feels more like this as if
they're like tickling you around your
bikini line it's really weird
so around 34 weeks I started having and
the pelvic pain and then whatever put
last oh and then week 36 intense
shooting pains down legs
Dizzy's super tired and then that's kind
of how I am until now as well I'm just
looking up the definition of it I always
forget but I think I've been having a
lot of the symptoms of SPD which is
Okanagan citron symphysis services pubis
dysfunction and it's basically where
your body is kind of softening up and
loosening up getting ready for the
delivery and everything but sometimes
some women's bodies can kind of soften
and open up too much in a bit too early
and it causes and then the bones when
they're like moving when you're walking
can cause pain it hurts
um it hurts the most at night when I
haven't been moving very much and my
like when I go to move round my pelvis
like clicks and it's weird and it also
feels like in-between why how to explain
it in my like inner leg
up at the top it feels like it's bruised
it's like as if I've been horse riding
or something spic bashed my pelvis with
a baseball bat overnight or something
also I've been getting every now and
then I think it's when she's on like a
certain nerve or something I've been
getting a really intense horrible like
um kind of like a crippling and shooting
pain down the middle of down my inner
thigh and it literally makes me like if
I'm standing or walking it makes me stop
I have to stop and I tell my midwife
that and she was like yeah okay okay
thanks oh you're thanks and pains but
then it's kind of better that for me
it's like better than the other
trimesters because it's but you know
it's because they're just so big and
you're so close to the delivery so it's
a bit more for me it's more positive
aches and pains then at the beginning
when like you can't feel them yet and
you know it's just just suffering I've
just been having a lot of like days and
nights where I've thought that are you
going into labor and I just haven't
liked a lot of nights I'll wake up in a
lot of pain and I'm like oh this must be
the first contraction and then I just
fall back to sleep and then just wake up
in the morning and I'm like oh and yeah
I mean I'm hoping she comes soon I know
most first babies come later than their
due date so you know I've been thinking
realistically she'll probably come after
but because I've been having so much
pain like for weeks and weeks I thought
she might come a bit earlier and but I
don't know I've seen lots of women say
that they've just had you know they've
had pain for the same amount of time
that I haven't and their babies were
late still so yeah mentally it's been
good until I think at this point I'm
getting quite it's getting a bit
frustrating again because I just really
want like you know I'm quite done with
being pregnant now and that's normal a
lot of women get like that doesn't mean
anything and it's just that you really
want to meet your baby now you know you
know that they could come out and be
healthy so I think knowing that they
could come out and be fine you're just
like oh my god just come out but you
know they're they're in there for as
long as they need to be I don't know if
you guys want to know about like my
birth plan or anything like that and so
I guess I should just tell you so um my
personal plan
and or loose planks I know you shouldn't
really have a ridge of plan because
obviously it can all go out the window I
could have my first contraction and be
like I want an epidural as soon as
possible but and my plan is to you know
obviously being a Hurley laborer at home
and then head to the hospital and
hopefully get one of the rooms it so I
want to go to the birthing ward where
you can get a pool and my hope is for a
water birth and to be on gas and air if
I like I'm guessing I wanna have casting
her and yeah and that would be ideal but
I don't know how I'm gonna take the pain
so I mean I might end up having an
epidural I mean it's not in my plan but
if if it gets that bad then I'm fine you
know I'm quite open to different
situations I'm not I'm not I'm into the
idea of forceps because I had full steps
on me and I think I'm sure it damaged
under my eye so I'm like I read I want
forceps uh-huh that's pretty much it
it's quite an open birth plan so there's
not that much to talk about I'm just
gonna see what happens and try and use
my breathing techniques and stuff like
that um and also I haven't known whether
to do a what's in my hospital bag and
someone said to should maybe show it in
a vlog so that's a really good idea
because I didn't I don't know how to do
a whole video on it so in another vlog
mess I might show you what's in my
hospital bag if she doesn't make an
appearance really soon have my baby
shower the other week that was really
good I would say next time I would have
a baby shower a bit earlier cuz I was
really heavy and like um I don't know I
think it would be a bit easier if I was
a little bit lighter you like at the
baby shower so I could like talk more
and don't know like socialize a bit
easier and because I have mine I think
36 weeks so if you can have yours a bit
early I would say probably have it a
little bit earlier a lot of people have
been asking if I've been nesting yes
I've been Lester but nesting since it's
like wheat 28 so yeah gets a bit
annoying they like consist continuously
nesting when they're still not coming
and you're like come on I think I said I
can't think of anything else if there's
anything I've missed out I'll put it
down below and say I forgot forgot
to put blah blah and if you're wondering
the jumper I'm wearing it
our one from November night so cozy and
good luck twenty other women out there
who are pregnant at the moment
congratulations it has been a bloody
roller coaster
it has tested me to my limits and that's
funny because I know that she was
pregnancy obviously having a child is a
lot harder than the pregnancy but I have
not not enjoyed pregnancy been open
about it I'm really excited to meet when
little one please come out yeah like I'm
feel happy I'm just like waiting you
know I'm just waiting and waiting and
Jason is really excited as well and it's
all positive I just wanted to come out
and I've got my appointment now I think
in about half an hour so I've got to go
thank you guys for watching and good
luck to anyone else who's giving birth
I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
you
