hey guys this is the beginning or
loveless hey this'll be day one I'm
going to try my best and I'm not
promising and they put their another is
already messing up but I'm not promising
anything but yeah we're going to do our
best and me and Jason were talking last
night and just saying that we're gonna
try and vlog like up until the baby
comes cause obviously she's due this
month so she could come any like she
could be coming at any time from now
anyway so we're gonna vlog and yeah just
look until that happens looks good after
that happens it's gonna be like
absolutely manic and obviously a lot
harder to vlog so thought I'd start sit
here I'm wearing my scarf inside because
it's bloody freezing what we bought
heating obviously but downstairs it's so
much colder I want to show you the
 hey boys
Riley ruined the cushion so annoyed this
happened the other way and last week
didn't you you ruined it yeah also guys
it seems that like an old granny but I
know it seems that Franklin is really
clingy with me because I film sometimes
when he's sitting next to me in the
kitchen he just likes if someone's
sitting in the kitchen he just likes to
come and sit next to you so it's not
really me like he's always Riley's a lot
more clingy with me Franklin's a lot
more clingy with Jason so he's not
actually that clingy to me it just seems
like he is cuz I film him when he does
acts it's really funny and cute but me
and Riley are really clay Oh me and
Frank have got a lot closer as well this
is so funny cuz their dogs but I've got
a lot closer to Frank since being
pregnant like he's very he's very soft
and like intuitive it's like what it's
like he knows but then right it's not
like Riley knows he still tries to like
climb over my belly and stuff and I have
to stop him but yeah like most of the
day me and Frank aren't like snuggling
but yeah anyway so I'm just doing a few
emails and stuff for my mom and my
sister are coming over today and I
haven't seen those it's the baby shower
and obviously Danny's pregnant as well
so it's like I really want to see her as
much as I can while we're still both
pregnant and just to see her as much
like that you know because it's it goes
so quickly well hasn't gone quickly for
me but you know when it's someone when
someone else is pregnant it seems to go
quickly so yeah basically we wanted to
have a proper catch up with her with
both of them so I'm just waiting for
them to come over I don't know what
we're going to do I think we're just
gonna chill and chat and stuff and yeah
Jason's popped out and he made some a
made us coffees but I think you like
mess them up and then he got really
upset about it not actually observe but
he just needs a good coffee so he's like
popped out I need to do my hair got some
packages this backdrop sucks this is
like it's funny clothes or some people
talking about our house like the decor
and stuff and this like this is where I
sit and work recently because it hurts
my back to sit and work in the living
room so you've got like the worst
backdrop for the vlogs at the moment
here like it's nice where the living
room but yeah I'll see I don't know some
people saying stuff about the deck or
we're renting and I'm yeah so you know
it's hard to get exactly what you want
when you're renting in London and when
you don't have much time as well to keep
to be looking around so yeah like I hate
these tiles and stuff but I think I
don't I don't know if we can change it
so yeah most of the rooms in the house
though we've done up like exactly how he
wants it but anyway I just thought I'd
mention up and then this if you're
wondering wait why is it going to Orange
package um thing this thing is because
we keep the dogs in a separate area
overnight and just sometimes well not
really in the day just whenever we go
out and at night we keep the dogs in
their own little area and this gate just
keeps them in there okay that's why the
house looks a bit random
you got dogs and it's like you know how
it's so pretty look oh that's so pretty
they're both lovely oh look I was just
reading okay it's the NK LA and Cali Pop
Collaboration that's really cute hey
guys my mum and Danya here and I'm just
giving off some food that I made last
night
oh so totally forgot to vlog Danny's
going home now you're wondering that oh
yeah hey she's off how'd it feel coming
from yeah yeah I just have been rubbish
okay Jonah say hi hi oh my god and like
if any of you've watched us since our
old videos we stay together like the
sister conspiracy
oh no remember but you did that Geordie
Shore arson I think I tried to avoid
that the other day for your worst
challenges so we don't have any food in
the house so I've ordered some Mexican
I'm so excited because I hardly ever we
hardly ever get Mexican but um
yeah I found some real delivery so I got
a few things I probably got too much but
I haven't eaten that properly today oh
yeah hey Frank Sophie
so this is done pretty well for being
transported and everything look to
planting tacos
Keith's probably saying it wrong but he
said yeah and I got some corn oh my god
I look so good can't wait that was good
but so spicy ah like a bit faint from
spice and I'm not that weak with spice
bloody spicy Oh what I drink now I
really wanted to show you guys Riley and
Frank again hey you look super comfy no
they're so cute and I also want to show
you guys our new mirror I we saw this so
Ivan wanted to put something here for
ages because I kind of like got this
room kind of how I want it at the moment
but this had a massive like space here
anyway
got this mirror from Hobby tap hey I
really like it Oh
- I'll link it down below is that silly
sure I'll link it just in case anyone's
interested but it's lovely cuz it's got
this like detail on the edges probably
you all look better in a day time but
yeah I like it
um we really need to do haul it there's
the Moses basket which is going to have
a base downstairs and upstairs because
they accidentally sent us two bases and
yeah we're going to do the tree tomorrow
so let me flip you around so if the
Telly's loud also oh my god I can't wait
to watch the last episode of the missing
we got into it just recently and quite
like it it's not my favorite show but
it's good yeah somewhere we did we I'm
making sure we're gonna go out and get
the tree decorations and do that so so
today hasn't been very Christmassy
because I've just been sorry i hiccup
all the time now I was just chatting
with my mama my sister for hours and we
like to compiler words and stuff I'll
show you and yes so there hasn't been
tons to vlog today so yeah but I want to
show you the Polaroid so there was one
that was kind of like the money shot but
Danny took it I told her to take it home
so be nice for her to have it but yeah
this is us today with Danny 22 weeks and
I'm 37 weeks and this is randomly the
dogs I think I put that there but it's
cute and on this one we were playing it
like we were ready for the photo and
then Frank tried to jump up at Danny to
say hello and we were just like down but
yeah
also I got this and because I've heard
that it's a good lotion for Bubba's so I
thought it was good to have one with
like you know no sin and everything free
just in case she's sensitive
so yeah I'll let you guys know if that
comes in handy another little thing I
thought I'd just show you guys so my mom
was totally sweet she got us this we
don't we don't have any baby Christmas
stuff because in case she comes after
Christmas but she got us this is so key
it's got a little hat this is my first
Christmas and a little bib so that's so
sweet we don't have any other Christmas
things for her so yeah thanks mom if
you're watching oh my god she's moving
around a lot I suppose you'll be able to
see we're still like my PJs I like my
comfy clothes look how big she's moving
oh you see that oh my god she just
pushed out here dammit she was moving oh
my god is so so sexy oh my god
somebody's take the camera away from me
I'll just bring clothes and legs I got
this massive pile here
we're just been here for days I need to
get rid of it I was just watching Tasha
and now I'm just watching Mary oh my god
honey chill out you try again oh she's
had two little kicks feels so massive
whoo
how funny ourselves watching me from
outside I mean from another flat oh damn
it I shouldn't be so active because it
sets off Braxton Hicks
it's Landreth Isis honey I've put away
all the clothes this is kind of the
nursery at the moment there's a lot of
stuff behind there which we just don't
need to use yet or take out because
she's not here like that's the Moses
basket base and there's some other bits
there but this is like the gist of it
and here's these are all her little
coats
oh I really need to do am Oh Jason put
these up there we've got these little
hangers from Zara home on they're cute
um yeah I kinda wanna do a baby
haul but I don't know what wears to do
on my main channel or if people just
want the interesting sign o obviously my
main channel is not a baby channel so I
don't want to keep putting loads of baby
stuff on it stret know if people would
like that or should I still on this
channel so if it would be weird or maybe
I'll just make one of my vlogmas videos
that anyway I don't know let me look
what you think because we've got loads
of cute bits for her which I'd love to
share and and yeah the reason I haven't
done a nursery toy yet is because we
have prints downstairs that we're going
to be putting up here and we're waiting
for the frames for them so I haven't
wanted to film that video yet but yeah
this is like how it's looking at the
moment there's some of the bits from the
baby shower still and ya know go
downstairs I just oh my god I just tried
some of this on my legs for this looks
with me so long but full of nothing I
just tried some of this in my legs is so
cooling it's like a tired leg thing from
Clarins and it really works I know that
sounds cheesy but it does I don't know
if I said but Jason's got Alex he's it's
his friend's birthday thing tonight so
I'm just I'm alone and you're going on
hiccup what is wrong with me and I think
I'm just gonna sit in the living room
with the dogs and start some just doing
a bit of editing or maybe I'll just
watch the film I'm not sure I'm gonna
why is it all I do is pick up now
I'm gonna have a chocolate that I got
from Hotel shock a lot of the other day
mmm and I might start editing this book
so yeah thank you guys for watching I
know it hasn't been Christmasy but
tomorrow is gonna be a bit more
Christmasy but yeah that'd be I don't
know well there had to be a first one if
even if it was Christmas he or not but
yeah I'm hoping vlogmas is gonna be good
to know what else to say if anything
else happens tonight I'll vlog it too
but I thought I'd sign off here cuz I'm
getting really tired so yeah I'll see
you guys tomorrow
