hello it's the 22nd today and my feeling
a little bit perkier than I was the
other day thank God I'm just doing my
makeup and I did to record like I
started um I had to chapter camera when
I started but something went wrong with
the recording so I couldn't use it so
annoying so we're kind of redoing it but
yeah I hope you all doing well I'm using
the tiny bear selfie - at the moment -
oh so wait a moment because I've got a
few eyelash extensions hanging on so it
looks a little bit odd but yeah I'm
Swiss do my hair I don't have Indy today
so I'm gonna get hopefully quite a few
things done I've already had a really
productive morning up a blog post up
yeah and I've been kind of just being
kind to myself let myself have a bit of
a slow morning which I never get to do
if I have Indy I hardly get to kind of
get ready properly so I feel like I look
a mess after time now cuz it's you know
like you don't have time in the morning
we literally can just like shove a bit
of foundation on and leave so yeah
they're nice made some breakfast and
like the focus never stays anymore I'm
gonna head into town run some errands
and go to the bank stuff I'm gonna get
my nails done yes yeah I'm not going to
Zara this is really nice for grabbing
all of your lashes I feel like my skin
is just not cooperating recently like oh
I just feel like makeup is sitting on
top of it so much at the moment you know
like it's not it's not working right I
think I'm gonna do my hair and then I'll
catch up with you guys in a little bit I
used this foundation
estee lauder double wear nude cushion
stick and cuz I need more coverage it's
nice I think isn't quite a nice color
yeah
okay well I've just on my hair and I
feel like myself again I got this the
other day it's the way texturizing
hairspray I thought I'd try out cuz I
love way products I really like actually
it has a really funny smell is it like
aniseed I think it smells like all mmm
it's um such a weird smell but I do you
really like it cuz it doesn't make my
hair really stiff or anything but it is
holding the waves um yeah nice expensive
I didn't realize it was twenty-two
pounds I mentioned the other day that I
thought I did a bit of a cheeky Topshop
award uh um and I actually have done two
one came the other day and one came
yesterday
um so I thought I'd show you some of the
bits I got the first thing is this top
that I'm wearing actually it's just as
grey like high-neck crops it's kind of
ripped but it's really soft it's not
unusual with material oh my god it's so
nice dad I've got this jumper but I
wanted this jumper a few weeks ago on
Topshop and it was sold out online and I
feel like I got the last one that maybe
one came back into stock or something
dark green knit knitted jumper really
nice it's kind of like a fisherman's net
in there in the center panel and then
the arms are different so I still need
to try this on but it looks like it all
fit really nicely 34 pounds there I got
baby because I love this beanie that I
got from Oliver boners and I left it on
the train the other week and I'm sorry
got it and I'm determined to get that
same one back but also I've never
actually had I don't think any of the
top swap beings before which I know is
crazy um usually they're always too
small for my head but this one is really
nice things about 14 pounds and I
thought this nude color would be really
cute and go with everything
so yeah I love this it's really comfy
and it's big it's big enough and then
lastly I think in this order I've got
this teddy cart click the side a
any angle you down sorry if the
Lighting's not great but look at this Oh
pockets I think it's such a good length
if you're quite sure if I back up oh my
god it's so nice it's so cozy I might
wear this out today actually up close
you see the material oh it's amazing I
love them their lapels as well 65 pounds
I think I'm gonna do a bit of Christmas
wrapping and then head into town how
cool is this just got this today from
Tom Ford oh my god look at the bottle so
nice oh my god I can't like I could just
put it on I really like it but iconic
outfits men's it might be men's so I'm
in town I've done my really boring hair
and thing and I'm gonna go find a bit
food
really flagging loving this Co on my god
it's so warm
I'm so much better after some food might
come to life now I'm just going to go
into paper trail
rapping here I can finally do a bit and
outfit shop this is my outfit it's
pretty basic really but these are so
cute
if they blonde and brunette don't
actually know which one I fall under and
I'm on my way to get my nails done
how did that woman come and sit right
next to me and blowing smoke in my face
I'm so pissed off I'm pre conversing but
things like that do piss me off anyway I
go to the gloss bar I'm gonna go in so
I've tried to get good light so I can
show you guys properly but I went for a
sparkly I was gonna get nude with kind
of subtle Sparkle but they didn't have
exactly what I wanted
so though if it's focused hope it is but
I actually went with like a nude nude
polish and then make Alyssa which is
like a powder glitter but I really like
it it's really pretty it's just nice
because I never really do anything like
this only once here back home I had a
little bit of playtime with indie and
then she's in bed now and I'm just
making us so skeptical of names but
YouTube ramiz coming up but that helped
seriously my eyebags
I don't know what's going on but they
look so dark at the moment maybe it's
just someone with heart like I'm
underneath like busienss
you try it myself now it's coming out in
my bag I'm making us dinner
hopefully then I'm gonna push all the
Christmas wrapping and once that is done
as well I think I'll feel even karmic
and you know I've got my work side I
think Helen Helen looks today I'm not
personally mark she's so like you know
she's like what are you for still so
funny and I'll link her channel down
below I'm sure you will know about her
hey guys it's Christmassy we've got to
pick up our Christmas Eve shop Christmas
Eve shop Christmas Day shop because
we're hosting Christmas tomorrow I'm
just about kind of over my my illness
I've still got the coffee little bit
I'll explain about yesterday in a sec
but right now I have to do in DC pin in
the car but we have to wake her up which
I hate doing but I have to run to M&S
with her I meet Jason in there so yeah I
just thought I'd start off this day
let's do this and think we're gonna pick
up a few or the last minute really
last-minute bits as well oh my god Wow
Wow indeed good falling off you ready
we
we call all our food in the end they'll
go to Jason's parents house and we're
gonna have a little bit of food and
we're gonna do presents early because
we're not would've gone little we might
not all be together on Christmas Day hey
guys I feel like the Endor Alchemist I'm
just yeah I mean I hate being that
person who's like sorry sorry but
honestly I am sorry because I like
capturing the whole day and I've not
really been able to do that much
recently
so yesterday I didn't end up looking
like I wasn't to do a chatty bear in the
afternoon and then oh my god I had my
first-ever migraine and it was it was
horrible like I feel so much for anyone
who gets migraines now I mean apparently
that's me as well now I'd heard that
they're really bad but I didn't you know
like once you actually have it yourself
a bit like childbirth you're just like
oh my god it was horrendous so that kind
of really whacked me out for the rest of
the night obviously because it lingers
as well afterwards even lingered till
this morning and and I was so tired from
it was horrible
Oh oh my god please let me know if any
of you get migraines please let me know
what you do to help to help when you're
going through one obviously because it's
my first one I'm not sure what the
trigger if it was or anything I feel
like it was stress and the TV screens
and things anyway when I was going
through it I was like oh my god I wish I
knew things that really helped I used an
ice pack on my head I had a hot shower
and I just like sat in a dark room but
it was horrible anyway this isn't very
Christmassy chart think tomorrow
Christmas Day I might kind of like to
look a few bits and bobs not do a proper
you know I planned out flood but I might
look like tomorrow and Boxing Day and
maybe a few days after that we'll see
what happens and then put that up as
well because it's really nice to have to
look back out in a few years to come and
we went to Jason's parents house we
exchanged some gifts which was so nice
Oh I kind of want to show you guys what
I got that was lovely and then we've
come back indy fell asleep in the car so
she's napping and I'm making a super
Christmasy dinner which is jerk chicken
not Christmassy at all but I feel make
chicken recently I don't know why like
I've just never made at home before I'm
chopping the Chili's I just make a
marinade
Marren odd marinade I'm wearing my end
of the stories jumper feeling how much
she watched that many Christmas films
this year I don't want to say cuz I cuz
I've been really busy because I found
that you're a dick but seriously I just
really haven't had that much time to sit
down and watch films which is my
favorite thing today yes the other day
for I watched The Grinch which is like
my favorite I think I love Jim Carrey I
love that feel huh and I really want to
watch the holiday tonight I don't this
bit to be really boring for you guys so
maybe I'll leave it there we've got some
prepping to do for tomorrow so that's
that feeling a bit better today you
might be able to tell right let me do
this and then I'll catch up with you
guys later she's just woken up hey guys
it's a little bit later now and I just
wanted to sign off and it was so weird
signing off cuz I'm like no there was
more that I wanted to do and say and
show you guys and everything but I just
have no idea where the whole month has
gone has been oh bloody focus but it
just sucks that I've been ill right near
Christmas cuz that's when you know these
books would be the Christmas East that's
just life I guess I hope you all have an
amazing Christmas a new year thank you
guys so much for watching our vlog nurse
and we all really appreciate that you
will watch us and yeah we hope you've
liked it I hope you like seeing Indies
little birthday party and us getting
ready for Christmas and everything I'm
so excited for tomorrow also just let
you know there'll be a new video on my
main channel on Boxing Day there is
going to be content going off as well on
my main channel and I'm I'm excited for
the videos to go up there a bit more
unusual
Merry Christmas everyone and I'll see
you probably in a few days but if not
I'll see you in the new year
bye yeah
