morning boys
hey guys and today is my baby shower day
which is really exciting
I'm just getting ready I'm quite anxious
because I think just because it's such a
social thing and like you know what
something ponder for you it's I don't
know it makes it more like
nerve-wracking
even though it's such a lovely thing and
it's so annoying but you know just
feeling a bit uneasy but I'm sure it'll
go away
and how does coming Hanna Gracie so
they're on their way here so yeah and
then my one's gonna take us over to the
baby shower
hopefully the earth science will go away
because it's really annoying so I'm just
getting ready I need to change as well
I'm not wearing this white tee yeah but
yeah thought I'd say hi so I just got to
the baby shower sorry I'm like in focus
but I want to show you guys this spread
baby baby so I thought I'd just show you
guys some bits that I got at the baby
shower just because I didn't get you
know I didn't get tons of talking
footage doing it so I thought I could
show you some bits so we've got here
we've got this little sit up chair from
Mamas and Papas which is so cute and
that'd be so handy I think I really
wanted like a little sit up chair thing
so and then there's this baby gray from
j-mart Jojo mama Moo bear and it's got
these little blue elephants on oh it's
so cute got another baby bro so cute
Tasha Tasha green got us this oh my god
I can't even explain how soft this is
this is like a little bar thing towel
hooded bar thing towel how cute oh my
it's so soft so yeah I need to pre wash
all this these bits as well and then oh
my god this is so cause I want to show
you guys this this is from Jason's
sister this book is called this little
piggy went to Prada and it's so cool
I've never seen anything like it
it's like little nursery rhymes but kind
of all about design that way like look
at these illustrations it's so beautiful
and it looked like the left and they tie
in like designers and like fashion
houses and I don't know just everything
chic it's really cool
my mom got me this little frame a Dumbo
on so I'm out of breath because I I've
always loved Dumbo and I can't wait to
relive done both things say that's so
cute and got some bibs
there's some other bits and bobs and
then there's some Teddy's and things
like that but I don't the loop I'll go
through everything but yeah I'm so so
grateful and I just I can't believe how
sweet everyone has been and yeah just
really really grateful I didn't expect
like anything so I thought you guys just
might have a little peek at some of the
things hey guys it's Monday is it Monday
I'm losing track of all time time and
space I left you guys at my baby shower
which was so good and I'm saying
something that I didn't really look much
at the baby shower it was hard to get
something I was like chatting to
everyone I was wearing like dark
lipstick I've taken it off so my lips
are just a bit stained and you know just
kind of trying to enjoy it and I tried
to get a few bits and bobs from the baby
showers so hopefully I haven't looked
back at the footage yet but hopefully
there's a little bit on there I felt so
overwhelmed that everyone like wanted to
take time out to like come and celebrate
and I don't know I just get really like
I don't expect anything from anyone ever
so it was so nice like I mean when I say
nothing from anyone I just I don't even
mean
wait I can't talk properly I mean not
even like time you know I'm just like
thank you so much so that was so so nice
and it made me it made it all more real
and it made me even more excited for her
to come now I've just filmed a video for
my channel this is a pile of baby
clothes that I need to wash before
before she comes I'm 36 weeks today
which is really exciting as well because
she'll be like term or full term next
week which means she'll like she could
come out like she could come out if she
came out like she'd be she'd be fine
she'd be ready to come out and it would
be all all okay I am really high right
now coffee I haven't had a proper coffee
for a few days I don't think so I'm like
buzzing so I've got a midwife a point
well we've got a midwife appointment
sue me need to leave in a minute just
like a general checkup one
then we're gonna go and have a
chiropractor appointment because Jason
has them anyway and then I I it helps me
so much last time with my sciatica which
is really bad at the moment and that
later on we've got a we're gonna have a
little tour of the birthing ward at the
hospital which I'm really really excited
for so it's quite a baby day today I
need to get my hair done again soon so
much trying to book in for that soon and
I'm gonna get my lashes done I'm wearing
falsies today but brilliant my lashes
done on Wednesday I'm trying to get all
like prepared for the birth I've just
come downstairs to some things we
ordered from Amazon but a breast pump
I'm kind of nervous about this and we've
got this I really wanted to get a dummy
with a ted-like her teddy or something
on that she can cling to so it's really
important to who that client over to
make sure they're stimulating because
this is really fluid so we want to help
pump it up the spine to appreciate
morning I'm off to make it my life's
just done I feel like every time I vlog
I'm going to get my lashes done but I
haven't had them done for ages and I was
getting done the other week and then the
car wouldn't start so yeah it's been a
while
oh it's quite early and I'm worried that
there's gonna be nowhere to park because
this is really boring but they only have
like paying display machines I didn't
have any cash so I'm trying to get that
early so that I can park without a
ticket
anyway also today I think I'm gonna go
in and get my hair done and redone I'll
pre catch you guys after the lashes
appointment oh my god also mice ask her
so bad like especially after the
chiropractor but I think like what he
did obviously really helps but I think
it also just aggravated it a little bit
so oh my it really hurts to do like
everything like even driving you know
and you like lift your leg up to change
foot lever
but yeah the like menstral type cramps
that I've got I like getting worse and
worse so it kind of feels like it could
be like pre labor pain like really
coming on now I don't know dammit I
couldn't find a space where there's any
where I can pay my phone this is really
so boring but I've got no bloody cash I
don't want to do ah I'm so it makes me
so angry when that it's all paid by
machine like who has cash it's two
thousand of 16 no one carries around
Dinkley cars okay ah okay get my lashes
done
it really quickly this time we're having
a good old nutter
oh I should be looking
okay I'll catch up with you guys one of
my home I like such a snake but right
now I'm just a ready to go and get my
hair done but we're gonna go and grab a
hot chocolate from Kosta and then and
then go
when I just set up for that a sugar bear
this guy was like are you taking a
selfie like no I'm videoing that's like
my job and he was like what do you video
my life oh sorry about the angle it's
fine because I know I always chop my
head off I actually can't help it it's
so funny because recently like me and
Jason have been talking about possibly
like the possibility of moving out of
London because we really want to buy a
place but obviously it's it's so
expensive in London but I come slightly
out and like I get harassed by old men
who are like what are you doing you're
taking selfies like we can't move right
I've got a good side night I've got the
linen hot chocolate it doesn't even
taste right doesn't even taste like
chocolate like what's the point
oh I don't know how much I feel in there
cuz I'm I always open my god she's oh
yeah I always end up filming exactly the
same thing so mmm I might not film that
much in there but um I'll see you guys
after probably hey guys sorry for the
crappy lighting I just really wanted to
kind of finish this vlog off and oh
she's moving again and yes so it also so
cuz I didn't show you the hair just
after I had it done but still blow dried
out so yeah I'm really happy with that
and yeah sorry I know he's showing it
very well done good should I get comfy
this is 36 weeks we can't really see cuz
I'm laying down in the last sort of hour
that I was in the hairdresser hairless
as I started getting even worse I've had
like a constant menstrual cramp type of
pain for like three weeks now I've been
to the hospital I've been checked out
like I'm not dilated or anything they
don't know why I've got this like
constant pain I guess it's just my body
gearing up but while I was
in the hairdresser it got really really
bad so I was like in pain on the drive
home and everything so and then I got
home and we just ate dinner and all set
up when he fell out looking because I
was really in pain I haven't I still
haven't had perhaps eats more yeah we
got to left them like savoring it for
tonight if I need them somewhere I've
got like a kind of work day I think I'm
gonna try and film and like pre film for
in case she comes along early and and
like I'm gonna be working on blog posts
and stuff like that because that
Friday's coming up if it's not Black
Friday yet do you check out my blog on
the Thursday or the Friday for my Black
Friday post I'm gonna what maybe watch
some YouTube videos and then go to sleep
and I really need to download a new book
on my Kindle because I finished and the
couple next door it was okay tonight
O'Connor I liked it but it didn't it's
not the best book um yeah so I need a
new book anyway I'm rambling so thank
you guys so much for watching and I'll
see you next time
also side note I've totally lost Jason
to the blackness like he's always
watching the blacklist and I like it but
I know it doesn't draw me a mic I get
really bored like I kind of dip in and
out of it because I find it a bit draw
it out and it doesn't really like grip
me but we're just like we're never
together anymore because he's oh wait
he's like obsessed so he's watching that
right now anyway
you've seen guys later she's amazing
look if you guys can see though she's
got her cups the new few guys would be
able to see if I put my hand in it see
my hand movie
hmm
