hey it's Thursday hey I'm so cool I'm up
to West End kind of West End can't be
straight I've got a meet-up saibra I saw
whenever you've looked a group of
builders on someone something just come
from nowhere it's not annoying then they
just stare um yeah I've got a meeting
edition today so I'm headed there and I
thought I bring you guys with me and
I've never been issued I've always
wanted to go
it's like Indian food I think so just
going on the tube okay I won't call it B
Street oh my god I can't wait for the
album Christmas decorations to go up and
I think de Shoom is at the end yeah you
want to go into monkey as well I've got
the street wrong it's down here this is
like just behind Carnaby Street there's
some really good food places here though
I don't usually look down here much
there's the detox kitchen kingly core
Pizza pilgrims
does she move down there
meats in wet world was kind of like a
lunch meeting so colorful children and
dishing was so delicious definitely go
if you can get there in London oh my god
it was so good now I'm headed to John
Lewis I need to look for a hospital bag
honey
start working on my hospital bag it is
so busy there's a Cuba hmm
whoops so to put home and I had this
lady taxi driver and she was so nice I
just got in and obviously she can see I
was pregnant my belly is out today oh my
god she is always pushing out something
like here in here anyway and yeah she
was asking me like a million questions
about the birth but like you know about
the pregnancy which I don't mind it's
just I'm so tired
so like it kind of felt like I was in
this interview or something and she was
like giving me advice and stuff which is
really sweet they she was like do loads
of walking and take it like per teaspoon
of cod liver oil in your cereal which
reminds me I really want cereal I would
cereal I need to get it so I just had
bit of an intense sexy ride
I just got back and I thought I'd show
you guys what I got so I found myself Oh
found myself in and other stories I
really wanted and I love their candor so
much so I got one of their kind of
seasonal candles it's simple bit it
smells quite Christmasy and from Zara I
just got a black scarf because I've been
needing to get to playing black staff
but I thought I'd show you guys what I
got from and other stories so I got this
really cool cuff bracelet I just think
it's gorgeous
let me put it on I'll show you yeah I
just think it's so nice I really like it
and Italy things down below by the way
but thought that was really pretty and
then I've got two nail varnishes
I got a comic cotton candy pink one
which just don't know I just really love
this coloured got my nails I need to do
them ASAP then I got this glittery gold
so I thought it's really festive and
yeah so I thought they were really nice
and then I got this candle which is says
on deaf it I don't know if I said that
right but it's a pretty big one 26
pounds which is not that bad for one
this big and it smells amazing like it
smells more expensive than it is if that
makes any sense but yes
bleh so yeah I'll link that down below
go and give this one a sniff if you go
in there and you like kind of Christmasy
scents because it's like a classy
Christmas he sent like it's not too much
but yeah waiting for Jason to come home
he's just been to the chiropractor and
I'm just doing some work if he answers
back yeah I put him back into the vlogs
again I'm oh so many filbert said that
she didn't one blow is much because I
didn't want to be in them so she was
like on camera yeah like I feel
sometimes I felt sometimes my oh I won't
vlog because he doesn't want to be in
them anymore but it's not the case so
this is good actually because we're in
the run-up to like the baby coming so it
make sense that we're like all be in the
books together I know yeah oh my god
Kevin gene work a few hours now which is
probably really boring for you guys to
hear about but that's all I've been
doing so that's all I haven't updated my
lips are super dry Reilly's after my
slippers again Riley Riley yeah what do
you do
are you doing I am starving so I'm about
to make some food and I'm just going to
have some leftovers but that's for an
edge from the other night and then I
also I think yesterday I made like this
butternut squash salad so I'm gonna do a
bit of that and a bit of spaghetti
bolognaise and I'm cooking a chicken but
not for tonight just so it's cooked do
you guys like we always buy me and fish
and stuff and then like it just you know
it all goes off so quickly so I end up
just cooking things just before they go
off I know I could freeze it but our
freezers really um small so yeah I just
didn't talk like cooking these bits of
like meat and stuff anyway so that's
what I'm doing right now I'm so hungry
Oh
and I'm just watching Tami hem browse
latest vlog I were trying to the
Australian accent but I can't do it I
thought so bad at the Australian accent
yeah oh it's been so cool as well and
seeing Hannah and Steph's vlogs in
Australia like yeah it's just so cool
like watching their looks in a totally
different place as well so yeah I hope
they're having fun I think they come
back soonish but anyways I'm going make
some food ok so this is my salad it's
really really basic because I've got
kind of a whole other dinner so I did
want to put too much in the salad but
butternut squash quinoa and seeds and
stuff and rocket and just some dressing
real simple what was that accent London
er it's Friday morning and we're on our
way to go and get some brunch somewhere
hip original I think we're going to head
to ginger and white because they have a
really good food which is in the
internal sighs pop right which is in
Belsize Park also we realized this
morning that is Frank's second birthday
and it feels like it was only Riley's
birthday like the other week it's crazy
jason has a black eye oh we're gonna go
on the hunt for birth a doggie birthday
cake for Franklin
company peas - we're gonna find a cake
I tried to order someone to put the
camera in the color so I was tracing but
we just getting some petrol and a girl
like drive up next I mean I thought she
was just want to get past I was like
thanks no way I was in her way wait I
was in LA so just like all thanks for
like waiting for me and then she was
like oh I watch your channel that's so
like I've never really need anyone in
cars so that was cool and I kind of like
to show you guys what was what I'm
wearing today I got this this is my
first time wearing this coat I love it
from ASOS but I try and track properly
later and then I'm wearing the Bardot in
this in a medium I think yeah yeah
in the medium size and then tight some
boots but I'll try and get a better shot
later all right
go away everyone all right I'll do it
from back it
god no if you if you're gonna do it
going on
oh damn it flow and there's ago ice to
quit tikka that's what's common to go
oh no no with that kind and I asked
Jason to make new coffee because today I
feel like someone slipped me it's like
such a strong sleeping pill or something
listen packaged and we got this so we
wanted to get Frank a birthday cake but
it's really really hard to find like
especially in short notice
thank you so um we ended up just going
to pets at home someone tweeted me and
said that they'd be cakes but they
didn't but we've got this like a big dog
bone that we can write on okay so what
see down that wait John oh it's just
taken the phone is it like
thank you that's mine do you like it now
so we're taking the dogs on a on a
bulldog walk today in Hyde Park we
haven't been for ages probably like a
year maybe the more and yes originated
in the dogs will set up easy are you
ashamed because you got the video the
last time riles run about rap blah blah
right it was a runaway so when we want
to put the hoodies on them so we know
where they are they're easy to spot
she's Michael we're on our way who got a
little bit lost
Riley oh that's cofrin Franklin
Riley Riley Riley looks good okay we're
just arriving and you know that you're
near it when you start spotting bulldogs
can you guys see that one probably not
we'll see another one we got a park
somewhere so at the port of meet up and
it's so overwhelming all the dogs get so
worked up so easily though but so it is
so nice seeing so many Bulldogs yeah all
the time
ah that was so good and it was so nice
to kind of get out and you know like get
out and get proper fresher oh by the way
I forgot my eyebrow pencil this morning
I'd like brought wads my makeup into the
cards and have my eyebrows dogs had a
really good like run and socializing
morning which is heading home Jason's
just picking up some bacon and some
bread and I think I'm gonna film
maybe I'll film today um but yes oh my
god it was just the bet like bulldog
puppies are just the best hey if you
ever want to go it's in Hyde Park
there's a Facebook page anyway that like
has all their info but it's Monday and
it's about who's that like half won or
something
I've been filming all morning Jason's
been training and I want to stop getting
my hospital bag ready justing just in
case so there's loads of bits that I
need to get and weed some bits in
general so we're gonna head to Brent
Cross oh no my battery's dying and so I
thought I'd bring you guys and that
probably the last day of this vlog she
comes in and those who've got a beanie
put her and
so it just in John Lewis we've been just
kidding like grabbing all the stuff that
we need we were in boots and stuff and
then sometimes I don't its way to vlog
because the staff will be like why are
you filming in store but I think we've
got everything we need so we got bibs
and um yeah
like breastfeeding stuff and I was
adamant about getting a swaddle blanket
that came and I thought maybe I'll like
show you guys some of the things that we
got and in preparation for the baby
coming and stuff most of the stuff is
from H&M boots and John Lewis I just
changed so I pop come fee and I'm just
gonna like sit on the floor and show you
guys some other stuff
oh also my battery's dying so if this
cuts out then it means my battery died
and then hopefully I'll like feel a bit
more later but okay so in boot I don't
know what to do I don't think I'll do a
really long one I just show you quickly
like sand bits that we got and we
definitely need needed a thermometer so
we've got this one a total newbies like
we don't know that many people that have
kids and like all newborns so we try to
just do our best to it so then we got
some some nappies we call them nappies
in the UK I know you guys knew us call
them diapers but yes and newborn
yeah newborn nappies some V pants then
let us know if you've used this on your
newborn and if it's a good one to to use
like because we use this for our tattoos
before but yeah let me know if that's a
good one and maternity bad mmm what else
have we got
oh I got some nipple cream please let me
know as well if this is a good nipple
cream to have because I have absolutely
no idea but yeah um
then we've got some washcloths we've got
some nappy sacks oh my god this stuff
will smell so nice and powdery some
water wipes because I heard that and
will types are good to get because you
know they're so simple but again please
anyone out there that can help let me
know if there's better wipes I can get
and then we just got like some some bath
stuff I've got this Burt's Bees I got
some glucose tablets for labor then if
I'll end up using them but yeah okay the
battery died so I'm back now about an
hour later just had dinner so we got we
really needed some long like a long
onesies so we got this one from John
Lewis and this elephant one I'm obsessed
with elephants not this four I think
we're going to try and put this on the
buggy and just cute Peter Rabbit one oh
my god how cute is this
how cute there's a little elephant put
on the pram or you know put wherever
yeah I got this gross waddle I thought
that would be handy and we can't wait to
swaddle the baby feel like it's gonna be
the cutest thing ever oh and then how
cute is this this is a hooded towel so
we we needed to get a hooded towel and
this is so cute it's got this bear hood
on it which haven't seen one this nice
before so I'll try and like some of
these things down below if I can find
them so I've got to start kind of
putting this away now and like
pre-washing it I just went in took all
my makeup off so I just wanted to get to
that part of the day or just like Oh
everything off and like just feel
fresh-faced I'm breaking out a little
bit recently I feel like I'm kind of the
hallmark the pregnancy hormones are
coming to an end or something like some
of them and my Monday night is probably
going to be I might have a bath and then
do like edit this blog because I need to
get this video up and do some more
editing from videos that I filmed
earlier today I've got a pregnancy video
going off on my main channel soon which
I hope you guys like and then I also
filmed a video on my new back that I've
got over all over the hey I think that's
about it I can't think of anything else
I need to say I'm going like start
winding down of my psychic is really
playing up today because I think I've
been like walking around a bit too much
but I just going to put a face mask on
and do my nails or and so I'll see you
guys really soon thank you so much for
watching check down below for
like links for anything that I've kind
of shown in this video and and yeah I'll
see you guys next time bye
