hey guys it's Sunday and and firstly
honestly thank you guys so much for all
of your lovely comments on my last vlog
yeah I feel like everyone was so
understanding and like there were though
they were hardly any I don't think there
were any like horrible comments or
anything it's just you're also like
supportive and thank you so much it
really kind of cheered me up and it was
really really nice to read all of your
comments I met so many of them I tried
to reply to as many as I could it was
just I think it was good to just kind of
vent and just get everything off my
chest that I was feeling and had in my
mind and stuff so yeah this morning I've
been doing work actually a lot of work
and then we just watched the dogs and
I'm just about to get ready because
we've got a like a family birthday
dinner and which is quite far oh my god
she's moving so much yeah I've got to
get ready for that I think it's gonna be
like a roast or something so I'm so
excited because like Sunday roast is the
best so I'm gonna go do my makeup and
then hopefully film some bits and bobs
and I just thought I'd start sit here
and say thank you for your lovely
comments everything okay
it's Monday and I was planning on
vlogging today from the very beginning
but today has been very like business
like like serious business stuff we've
been having but it's a sort out like tax
tax and all that jazz Jason I had a
meeting up in London so yeah it's just
not something that we could really vlog
and so yeah so I didn't vlog his Frank
but Jason's now gone straining so I'm
just on my own for a few hours which is
cool because I get to just like catch up
on work and stuff I'm exhausted
as always I'm just about to feed the
dogs guys this is so funny I'm just
taking my nail varnish off and I think
I've done it in front of Frank before
and keep going not cut it stepmother
it's okay it's fine - okay
it's okay
just now varnish okay-y ah sneezing my
fate hey guys so and I couldn't vlog in
the shoot earlier I asked if I could
vlog or snapchat or anything in there
and they said no that was a bit of a
fail but yeah the shoot went well and I
think the photos and everything from it
are gonna be out on I think the 19th of
November so it's not that long and yeah
so that was fun I've been on like two
different sheets recently and I haven't
done many shoots recently like this year
at all so it's funny that they will come
up at once but yeah whatever what else
we been doing after the shoot I was
exhausted of course and I had like sit
down for a little while and then I went
over to the office to go and shoot a
video then I got totally stuck in wait
let me feed you
then I've got stuck in a car I couldn't
get out of the car park and then I got
really flustered and this guy was just
staring at me for like ten minutes but
it's cuz his car was next to one of the
cars I was trying to get out and then
another guy came in he was like oh do
you want some help and it was really
stressful but it's so nice that he
helped me otherwise sort of been there
for ages
oh I feel like my belly buttons gonna
pop yeah we've got back home I'm just
gonna make some food I'm gonna make this
yoga ball and this is not an ad from
this cookbook which is really good it's
the called The Naked diet by Tess Ward
I've made this before and it was so good
so um I hope I've got all the
ingredients I thought I broke one I cook
yes you just dinner why still hovering
that's what I've done I'm just doing
like the spices and onion and stuff
then I'll show you guys
hey riles look every time he gets near
my slippers no Holly
okay sorry the kitchen's a mess behind
me but aliens this week but and now I
just add it and like the spices and the
onion to the lentil
Milton from the amount of vegetable
store
that seems like a lot of strength I need
to
it's right
my friend
okay so it's been simmering for about 20
minutes
and then now you've gotta add sweet
potato
I'm just watching the final of the Great
British Bake off's it was on yesterday
and I missed it so I'm just catching up
and okay so it's pretty much done I know
this doesn't look appetizing at all for
you guys but yeah I'm just making some
rice and then I'm gonna eat and I'm so
hungry that it's hard to vlog right now
okay this is my sweet potato sort of
curry
I guess anyway this this does not look
appealing but it does taste really
really good I'm just gonna go and eat
this and watch the rest of Bake Off and
then I don't know what we're gonna do
face mask on I use this one as the
shrimp I D peacocks piece of claim
us with rosemary and honey I love this
so much it's so good if you are
suffering breakouts as well like me
Jason gone out he's you gone to like a
friend's birthday meal at me except I'm
so jealous because meet the codes I
really want us to go before the baby
comes and it's not really a baby hug
please
yeah I've just been importing loads of
footage that I've been filming over the
last few days and my body's really been
telling me to slow down
today it's what I've been doing way too
much I'm 70 weeks so I'm pretty happy
now
so when I'm like standing for too long
and just being kind of too active and
bending down a lot my belly comes to
like a thick cut of eggs who just tells
me to stop him
getting a lot of that pain and kind of
like period pain as well anyway person
if you guys wanna know this pregnancy
stuff then really physically as always
this Saturday my sister and my friend
Jenny's coming over for like a Halloween
movie night and so yeah tomorrow
probably it's going to be an editing day
which is Friday
last night I get up during the night
sometimes today toilet I don't have much
it must have been like 3:00 in the
morning or something and then I was just
awake for what felt like 40 minutes so
I'm just like reading my Kindle and then
had to be up pretty early for the shoot
so I'm so extra tired
and I'm reading like three different
books at the moment I'm reading like the
couple next door
hypno birthing I hate my braking but and
also sapiens because I just switch
between whatever kind of thing I feel
like reading that night anyway
the boss probably really loud so stop
talking now I think I'm gonna sit in the
bath and read pretty iconic not all of
it right now but some of it um I got
this a few days ago and I've been dying
to finally give it a read so um yeah I'm
really excited I love Sally news is I'm
a pretty honest book so yeah morning I'm
draggin Jason out to go through our
local like food place for some breakfast
because I thought it would be nice
we're back home we had a delivery from
Mamas and Papas and we're so excited
about it
Jason's just building the what will be
the changing table and drawers and
things and we've also got some other
baby bits as well and I'm was just like
I just sat down to do some editing for
my video for tomorrow and I'm just sad I
thought we could go upstairs visit hey
nice is Saturday and I'm kind of
starting quite late today but I'm about
to go and pick up some snacks and stuff
because tonight I'm doing this movie
night that I've kind of mentioned I
think on my channel before basically I
always like I love Halloween and I
usually go out for it but yeah this year
I can't really go out and like drink and
stuff obviously I thought that I do like
a scary movie night but my sister and
Jenny who you guys have seen before and
yeah they're coming over about half five
we're gonna get pizza and we got some
Lola sent some Halloween cupcakes for
the night which is so like so cool I'm
just gonna go and get some like nibbles
and I'm like go to like cafe near I grab
something oh it's a little baby ice does
not be interested in babies at all like
maybe five percent of babies I think is
cute okay and I'm oh I don't think
they're all cute but I'm always like oh
there's a newborn like what does it look
like anyway and we go
back home got all the bits that I wanted
to get I also went to Cafe Niro to go
and get a hot drink and I've got a chai
tea last I know this is the worst thing
I've ever tasted in my life so anyway
I'm just going to show you like the
snacks I got so original Pringles
barbecue Pringles these because they
just look so cute I'm gonna put them out
on the table and then fizzy stroke
releases salted popcorn cheese balls and
and then I was sent this well there's
not much left of it but it's from
biscuit is but from Kiehl's and it's mr.
bone it's really good and these are the
cupcakes that Lola sent thank you so
much to Lola's cuz these are it's just
so cool look how many there are so these
are the mini ones there this is for
reference on my hand
they're so cute I don't want to touch
them they look so perfect and then
there's some bigger ones look this is so
intricate so yeah I'll link Lola's down
below you can find them a lot in London
like they have a they have a confession
in Topshop but they do deliver it as
well and they do like wedding cakes and
everything as well so I like them
company okay so I'm just waiting for
them to get here I've kind of been
setting up with all the candles and
Frank's just eating is been
everyone's gone back home now it's about
11:00 p.m. oh my god there's an advert
on telly for um fantastic beasts and
where to find them I can't wait for that
to come out yeah it was a good night we
watched the country - I've seen it
before but we will we'd all seen it
before but we thought we'd watch it
again so it's really good and yeah then
we just sat and chatted about loads of
other stuff you know what it's like when
you know you just get together was you
know like old friends and stuff what one
sister yeah Danny is actually pregnant
as well at the moment so it was really
cool to like chat to her about like how
she's feeling and you know like the
differences in our stages and everything
and she's back on YouTube as well if you
guys wanted to check out her channel
I'll link it down below yeah so just
chillin with Frank got the belly out and
I think I'm gonna leave it there for
this vlog I was going to go to bed I
think and I have a shower go to bed and
yeah it's really nice to see everyone oh
my god Frank climbed up onto the kitchen
table chair acted like he was just
sitting there and then he just jammed
into the box of mini cupcakes I'm so I
was so angry he just literally like
shoved his whole face into the box of
cupcakes it was just one of those things
like now it's done like I can't can't
rewind that but um anyway we still have
the big cupcake so it was fine
but he was really into them so yeah I'll
see you guys in the next look thank you
thank you so much for watching and yeah
I'll see you soon right
