morning it's Monday I'm just about to
make some breakfast I'm really really
hungry this morning okay so I decided to
make the banana egg pancakes and I want
to put some kind of kind of caramelized
bananas on top so yeah
okay these two turned out okay this one
turned out of a like scrambled eggs but
yeah well
again this morning hey guys it's
Wednesday and I thought I'd start the
vlog because then there's no excuse and
I have to vlog today and do it properly
so today Jason and I are an angel we've
come to do some kind of business stuff
for like overnight I probably won't show
everything that we're doing this morning
but I'll probably catch up with you guys
after
so I just had some lunch in the belly oh
my god Selfridges has all its Christmas
decorations up how exciting
but also it's written in Halloween eeeh
ah hey everyone and so okay I really
want to do just another like I love when
sometimes I just do kind of heart to
heart you know like chats focus yeah
sometimes I just feel like I've got so
much on my mind or just so like so much
that I've been feeling recently and
obviously when I'm just running around
London and stuff like that it's just not
the time or place to share with you guys
wife you know what's going on like
what's actually going on it's just you
know usually a lot of like oh now doing
this now doing this oh I'm tired and I
don't know like when I start just from
the beginning and the videos that I love
watching I love when people just sit
it's just like real off what's actually
going on in their mind and anyway I
don't know what I'm trying to say
basically I feel like it's overdue and
I'd love to have a little catch-up with
you guys about just how you know like
what's in the old noggin I've never said
that before in my life first thing I
wanted to say that if you're someone
who's gonna be like oh why are you
complaining on huge like stop
complaining or I don't know yeah
sometimes when people share out some
thoughts you get slack for it so if
you're one of those people just click
off now like X off if you're gonna get
annoyed by me just I don't know I'm
gonna be doing ranting or just telling
you what's on my mind
oh my god I'm so brained that I can't
even talk at the moment
oh yeah and and if you're someone who
gets annoyed at someone apologizing
because I am gonna apologize because
that's just sometimes how I feel
so obviously proving you hard for me to
do blogs every day and it's really
annoying because I think of people that
are doing them every single day and have
done them every single day while being
pregnant and I'm like wool bathed on it
why can't you just bloody do it like
just get just do it but it's just been
really difficult and I just basically
wanted to say sorry because I know it
hasn't been I don't know I know like
blood paper and everything hasn't been
very consistent and it's just ah just at
this stage I'm so exhausted I feel I
just have no motivation and like this
also goes for just being on YouTube in
general I'm going it really hot now why
don't this bloody thing on yeah I felt
like this for quite a few months now
like it's really difficult to feel yeah
it's really difficult to feel motivated
I just I don't know I feel like I'm at
such a weird stage on YouTube with like
it's so hard sometimes to try and get
the balance right of what you enjoy
making and what other people in like to
watch and it's like you don't want to I
don't want to just do things that I
enjoy like I guess I should but I also
want the viewers to enjoy the content
and then I shouldn't also be doing
content that just other people enjoying
that I don't enjoy because then you guys
will tell that I'm not enjoying doing it
and I think the videos that make me the
happiest to do I like fashion fashion
videos which obviously like I don't know
I've just started to feel really I've
been feeling low all day but feel so
shitty so I didn't know whether to carry
on vlogging or not but um what was I
saying
because of the pregnancy I don't know if
like I loved it I loved styling I loved
like talking about fashion and style and
everything and obviously because I've
got a bump I don't know if people are
going to find it unrelatable or just
won't want to watch it I don't know if I
should be worried about that or not or
you know I don't know like I can't wait
to get back into the swing of things
with like being able to do what I love
to do my channel and then the other ones
I love doing I like favorites videos but
obviously I could only do that once or
once a month
so I've been feeling really kind of loss
recently for what content to do and then
I you know I'm kind of slipping behind a
little bit as well and I always try to
be as consistent as I can especially on
my main channel so it's been like
stressing me out and and then there's
any kind of some days that I feel like
vlogging Sundays are not just a
write-off like I feel really low just I
don't have the energy or I'm not doing
anything or I'm just working and then
you know like when I am doing what work
that sucks all the energy out of me
anyway I don't know what this talk is
about it's probably gonna be really
boring or I don't know you guys probably
think I'm just complain I'm not I'm 31
weeks now which is pretty much like
seven months going into the eighth month
and a lot of the movements I love
feeling her movements but a lot of them
are actually painful like I heard that
it was uncomfortable but a lot of them
actually painful like it's like it's
like someone inside is Presta if keeps
jabbing a bruise like in two different
there's any kind of two spots of my
belly and when she will kind of kick
there or push there it's painful so I
hadn't heard that before so I thought
it's probably good to share that I mean
might not happen to you but yeah during
the day I'm like ah I'll be out and
about and just like wincing and stuff I
just want to say as well that I'm so
grateful to
those of you who were so like bloody
nice I feel like youtuber say this a lot
but I just wanted to say you know I just
wanted to say it again like thank you
for people that come up to me to say hi
and I always hope that I don't come
across like I always like God was I nice
enough and things like that and I'm
always grateful for people that come up
and say hello and like you're the people
that I think whenever I see like a
shitty comment I always think of like
someone that's come up to me that day
and has been like so happy to see me and
it's and you know it's just like they're
the people that you need to remember not
the crappy comments but like yesterday
like like well being pregnant is such an
emotional roller coaster anyway and then
yesterday it was just one of those days
like I wasn't expecting a really shitty
comment and then I read it and then I
just felt so down for like the rest of
the night and it's because it's not it
wasn't a comment like someone just
making something up well they have tiff
but things that you actually worry about
with your channel and with your viewers
and things like that kind of just hit a
nerve that I was worried about of people
not enjoying my content anymore and
things like that and I think that's such
a big worry with when you're a youtuber
you know you try not always stay in
contact and have a good relationship
with your viewers but there's so many
viewers that kind of don't you know that
just don't comment because they're you
know they don't feel like commenting and
you're just wondering like are they
enjoying the content at the moment like
am i doing a good job so if someone kind
of says that people aren't enjoying it
then you're like oh no I knew it or and
if you're calling in a down moment
anyway it's just even though it's good
as well to get those comments because
obviously not I don't I don't expect all
comments be positive about my videos at
all I really like having constructive
criticism but it was more of like a
hateful comment sorry this is such a
ramble but I always ask you guys what
you'd like to see on my channel and I
always love seeing the responses I
always want to try and stay true so I
self and make kind of new like you know
interesting content I don't want to keep
replicating the same things I'm just in
one of those stages that youtubers talk
about of like not you know not being
sure what they're doing basically but
I'm trying to do the best I can as well
as like run a fashion business and grow
a chart a cook or a human and like run
my blog as well and do the housework and
and I think just worrying about being
being about to bring a bloody human into
the world is such a big you know there's
so much you're thinking of anyways yeah
I feel like I wanted to say better
things like talk about more interesting
things that I've been on my mind maybe I
just needed a little bit of a therapy
session how do you guys feel about
YouTube at the moment like I've watched
quite a few videos about YouTube and
like how YouTube's changed and how
people are feeling about doing it at the
moment and I find them really
interesting and I'd love to know what
you guys think about it as well like
obviously it's gone from being very
relatable to in a lot of case it's not
relatable anymore and kind of people
changing on it and yeah anyway I'd love
to know your opinion on YouTube in
general and you know do you guys like
when I do more uh kind of artsy looking
videos with like fancy editing or do you
prefer chatty videos or do you really
just like a mix of those things I'm just
gonna try and chill now I think and eat
dinner when it comes we're having KFC I
had a halloumi and quinoa salad for
lunch so Cassie for dinner balance those
thought that's what I wanted to say as
well like okay sorry I was just gonna
sign off that you know another part of
not knowing what I wanna film is because
I you know there's just so much
criticism these days and people pick up
on the smallest things and I feel like
if I'm so honored with what I say on
YouTube now like and it's such a shame
like oh let me get comfortable I just
feel so on edge alot of the time I feel
so sick I just feel like in if I say one
thing in the video that is people think
that people think is politically
incorrect or something the whole
comments section is going to be about
that people are gonna get really angry
and like stuff and it just didn't start
like that like it started so much free
Aaron people didn't get angry all the
time everything that you said so I think
sometimes that really affects like if I
feel like vlogging or not cuz I'm just
like I can't be bothered like some small
thing I say to be picked up on and like
do you know what I mean and most of you
don't I know you're like most of you are
just like just understand but it's just
those few people that kind of blow up
for comments about something small and
it's just and because of youtubers
change with their swearing policy you
know like that new thing that's happened
and like about the swearing and I just
sometimes I just feel trapped almost so
yeah I don't know do you feel like that
as well if you're a huge cheaper I know
I shouldn't care but I'm just someone
who like I love to just be myself and
like blurt out what I would blurt out in
real life and just have a laugh and like
I just try not to take life too
seriously but the way the comments are
like not just on mine but you know in
general on YouTube now it just makes you
mix of that being tired a lot and being
pregnant it just doesn't help and also
you tubers got to this weird place where
it's like a lot of us are China
obviously be as professional as we can
and in some videos that are less
professional you get comments like this
isn't as good as so-and-so's or this
should be better quality or and then
also you get comments like oh this is
like this is unrealistic so it's kind of
trying to find a balance in between I I
never want you guys to think that I'm
unrelatable I feel like I'm so worried
about
not being not picking myself in a video
and not being relatable and not being
like I used to be because you know you
get comments as well like oh you used to
be this and that that it kind of tanks
my current work which is really sad like
I shouldn't care about it the more you
live the more you go through life and
especially than where you go through
city situations it changes you as a
person like I'm 27 and I've definitely
been through some shitty things that
have changed me as a person since I
started on YouTube and I don't think
people realize that I don't think people
realize that there are so many things in
life that can tweak and change you just
naturally that would be why I've changed
since like six years ago you know it's
not me trying to be this or that it's
just life and and as you get older you
start to want different things you start
to appreciate different things your
taste in things changes like you know my
Styles changed over the years but it's
not because I'm trying to be different
it's just natural so um thank anyway I'm
gonna go I'm being so rat this is like
the biggest ramble video ever but I
think it was needed cuz I haven't done
it for a while and yeah I don't you guys
to think I'm just always like oh I'm
going to a meeting oh it's cold and I'm
tired and then the next day and then
I've just should have looking you know
like I okay I just really really
appreciate you guys I hope you realize
that I do appreciate you I just I'm not
always great saying it and expressing it
maybe but anyway thank you for watching
I'm gonna go now love you guys bye
