morning I've got a meeting today like
just all folks of streets say I'm gonna
jump in the shower get ready quickly and
leave ya oh my god I just actually
pricked myself the cactus Bloody cactus
why were they so trendy the neat thing
is breakfast but I don't do well without
breakfast say I'm hoping that I don't
turn in say she-hulk no this is the
Bloody cactus at his right hand it's
quite a long one but I'm able to plug
for a while but I'm happy it's to
Liberty
and mainly some mother or maybe further
as well I really want to look at their
back to in person but it's always
raining whenever I come up two books are
straight
I've just got home it was manic on
Oxford Street today there was just so
much going on it was really busy oh and
she's moving so but she's so strong
since yesterday
every movement makes me like wince and
like I'm in shock with the strength I'm
just making some food I got some soup
yesterday I've got a pea and mint soup
so I'm just gonna make that and just
don't make me feel a little bit better
cuz I don't really eat so much today
this soup is so good I just tried a
little bit before and I got these
croutons as well from like this shot now
I say let's pick those in I never
usually have croutons but why not I'm
pregnant I don't know how many hmm I've
just put together a little berry and
black hello no blackberry porridge I
just literally put blackberries into the
oats as they were warming up per se yeah
it's got a lovely autumnal color I just
hopped out the shower and I thought I
love this stuff so much I've been using
it for like two months now
it's so nice so this is the package that
I'm really excited about obviously but
this came yesterday and I thought it's a
bit better but I'd show you this as well
because it's from it's a really cool
package from Kiehl's so in this gorgeous
red box is the keeled Christmas
collection so they teamed up with the
New York artist Jeremy vile so winter
wonderland themed Christmas collection
but isn't it so like it's so exciting
the packaging it's really really cool
it's really bright and fun and then I've
got this super special box so I hope my
god doesn't even want to open this it's
so pretty
dream alone packaging is just the best
look so here I've got the puzzle
enrollee I believe this is a newer
fragrance of there's cologne which I'm
so excited to smell sweet almond and
macaroon home candles
and also a lavender and lavage home
candle so I don't want to burn one of
these today at least one of them today
because I'm obsessed this is such a good
little stand you're on my candle holder
this is just my first time smelling bad
literally it's different to what I
usually go for but it's really mm-hmm
it's nice I like it it's the one that I
find really difficult to explain but I
guess the name says it all very classy
grown-up women if I was gonna wear this
sweet almonds and macaroon I've smelled
this before I've been obsessed with this
candle for like over a year oh my god
it's the best thing I've ever smelt in
my life I can't wait to burn and then I
haven't smelled this one before though
it's the lavender one give a sniff oh
it's very fresh I could be oh it would
be a lovely bath from one when you're in
the bath it's really relaxing tomorrow
I'm gonna go and get my hair looks a bit
messy right now over somewhere I'm gonna
go and get my hair balayage which I'm so
excited about I'm gonna go to UM
person's Parsons in Harvey Nichols in
Knightsbridge so that'll be nice nice
little trip it's me cuz like at first
time I have dark hair I really feel
uncomfortable and then after about a
week of it I get really used to it but
yeah I I love how balayage looks so I
feel be good also can we take a moment
well let me turn you around so they're
from ASOS and I saw I will I just needed
some cuz now it's getting ready jillee
in the morning and I thought if I'm
gonna get zippers I might go all out
so yeah I'll link down below if you're
interested they're a bit crazy Jason
doesn't like them I've just put together
a little yeah avocado and tomato salad
and now I'm gonna start editing one of
the videos I just filmed and
I played it so I was just clearing up
like around the house everything and
then I saw something in the corner of my
eye
it's quotes it's like that big it's
quite small it just fast and I'm not
afraid of mice or rats really but it's
just like when they're in your house
laughs and then I like I met favorite
whatever I thought is in the corner of
my eye and I thought it looks like a big
fly or a mouse just like run across the
stove of the kitchen and it's gone
behind the coffee machine I'm acting
like such a girl but seriously it's so
fast so okay Jason Simon triangle no
yeah it's so fast yeah but how are you
gonna put the lid on it yeah because it
will just jump out again oh my god and
this is it's gone through a hole you
sure yeah it definitely went there yeah
a hundred percent what it was definitely
there yeah no I definitely 100% saw one
you cannot find them out who found a
mouse oh now it's just a mouse in the
house all night oh my god I'm so on edge
the mouse is not yet been found
I haven't had another sighting of it I'm
really worried in case it attacks the
dogs in the night or something I'm sure
right mouse update tomorrow I'll see you
guys tomorrow
um I had a really really bad batch of
morning sickness this evening weirdly
enough but um yeah it was horrible so I
just didn't really feel like looking so
yeah that's it for today yeah
should be good one night I'm on my way
to just go and pick up two packages that
I missed the other day it's been a bane
of my life this week okay I got my
package there's one thing that I've been
waiting to come from America and I'm
really excited about it it's kind of to
do with my what will be my baby bag so I
hope it's here if not it might have been
sent back to America or something but
anyway but I head back home then I need
to leave to go and head towards like
Knightsbridge which is not super easy to
get to you from where I live but there's
the player yeah I really want to vlog
while I Drive but I don't have anywhere
to put the camera like there's no way to
put the camera we'll just slide around
so I would be driving around and
chatting to you guys because I love
doing that it's really like very few
thick but I got a guy hopefully we'll
get a little thing your sticky thing for
the camera soon and I can like car vlog
but yeah gonna head back home and just
get ready to go
I get so carsick now especially in uber
I got an uber
and I swear they always break so hard
whenever they break and it makes me feel
really sick
I think it'll take like 10 minutes get
rid of this carsickness I'm gonna grab a
bit of food
I so I made it to the salon it's it's um
enough on the fourth floor of Hobby
Nichols and so yeah reading this is
hopefully will get my hair sorted out
color wise and yeah let's go
this is my outfit but oh god I don't
like a granny in this mirror
but why I sell bag shiny beads
just waiting for the talent to develop
and then it's very funny and it's going
to be tones and then I think
it's the next morning please excuse
their hair because I know you guys would
have just seen it being done and then
I've gone to bed and woken up and just
brushed it out so obviously it's not
looking as good as it did yesterday and
I still need to style it but I just want
it to kind of finish this look here and
then kind of carry on with this weekend
in the next vlog and yeah having me sit
down oh look at the dogs so it was
really nice it was a really nice trip to
Hearst and I've gotta say it wrong
hirtius ins Hurston's and yeah I had the
Jason there did my color and Shelli did
the cut and everything and I want to
talk about it now but it's not styled so
I kind of don't want me but they were
really really lovely I've already talked
about it more in the next vlog but yeah
I just wanted to finish this vlog
somewhere and say thank you for watching
it seems to work for me to do a few days
at a time yeah just to kind of you know
make a video good enough last night
wants Jason parents for dinner so you
know I didn't really feel like vlogging
there and I don't really want to put a
camera in everyone's faces but it was
really nice and just yeah
caught up with his family and everything
and then came home and just clocked out
I've just got ready for the day well I'm
just getting ready for the day now so
anyway I'll see you in the next one
barley
