morning I'm on my way to Jana hare
sanctuary feeling a bit sick so can't
wait for a tea hairs blow now I haven't
been plugging properly today but I had
to get this Jason's been doing a little
photo shoot oh god I've been trying to
get his attention with this pen thank
you Frank
oh yeah he rose
dinner this is a pesto a pasta with
broccoli and cheese etc hey everyone
looking a bit different last time and so
I obviously want to show you guys my
hair properly but I've just woken up
it's Saturday morning yeah so I probably
going this my hair and everything of
later on just cuz I'm still really tired
I haven't blocked the last few days
because I've just been hit with this
cold or flu or whatever it is yeah it's
just hit it's just hit me like a train
and um yeah so I felt really rough and
then at the same time I suddenly had
this really bad like sciatica pain to
have my leg I've had some sites cut pain
before it was a few weeks ago and then
it kind of just went away and then like
two days ago it just has come back so
badly in my right leg and it's just been
so hard for me for round that yesterday
morning I was just trying to like move
around the house and I just couldn't
like it was it I was in so much pain
that I was crying I was in tears from
the pain
so Jason was like we need to get you to
hospital so yesterday ended up in A&E
and everything so yeah so I didn't
really feel like looking at sex I was
like a coldie and couldn't even move so
yeah that's why there's been a bit of a
gap and but this morning I feel like the
cold is clearing a little bit which is
so good because I hate feeling yo like
oh I've been like pumping myself full of
vitamin C like fresh vitamin C and you
know everything I can do while pregnant
because I can't take a lot of stuff and
to try and clear the cold away because I
hate not being able to work so I'm just
making like a whole partying lemon drink
to try and like clear my Airways and see
if my throat
so I'm gonna do that and then eat
something I guess lemons are so hard to
get anything
you don't get much bang for your buck
yeah breakfast don't you Frank
you want your breakfast that's it go on
then gather she's gonna sit down and
like go on my computer for it also
sometimes I feel like just randomly
telling you any thoughts that are
happening in my head so you might get a
lot of me just turning the camera just
telling you something I've always
despised what the women we're on the
news was rifling them it's just crazy
what's she wearing I'm obsessed with
like chocolate cluster Kellogg's cereal
at the moment mmm so good
so I've got dressed obviously and and
Jason are just heading to like Covent
Garden area oh my god my eye has been
twitching for a whole week and it's
still twitching it's driving me mad
yeah we're going to have a garden just
have like a little bit of a chilled
Saturday I guess after noon and
hopefully get some lunch and stuff and
I'm hoping that I'll be okay walking
around obviously the sciatica was really
bad yesterday but I think it's good to
kind of get my legs moving a little bit
anyway so
and we're just in closet
yeah the white balance is off let me see
so I just had it today get some things
out
doesn't know and we just sent its really
nice so it's a few hours later now and
I've just been doing like this and bobs
bits of housework you haven't really
missed that much just chilling a little
bit as well and I'm so annoyed I've kind
of broken out recently I don't because
I've changed my cleanser so I use but
anywho I thought I'd show you the well I
thought this was a dress but it's not a
dress but basically what I'm wearing I
always when I have dark hair again I
always feel like I look pretty witchy
because it's like long and dark and the
mo needs cleaning but basically I got
this really nice like I love it it's
this kind of flowy a suit I thought it
was a dress I only realized it was a
place it when I got home but yeah look
you're going to see the bump like to the
side it's a thick at that yeah I just
think it's cute I don't know I don't
have many dresses that I feel cute in
anymore so yeah hello
but yeah I wore this with just some
flats Mike pointed flats and my kind of
what's it called kind of like just a
black jacket anyway so I've got my hair
done yanis hair site tree as always what
her eyes are like right and yeah I'm
really happy with it like I really
really like it and the hair is actually
quite kind of curly its Malaysian think
it's Malaysian hair from blue ribbon Oh
link it down below if you guys yeah the
hair is so nice it's so soft I've like
wash this straightens it and then curled
it out a little bit this morning it's
dropped since this morning but oh right
and then I've got a closure it might not
look as good as it did this morning so
you know it's the end of the day but
yeah got a closure at the top with a
little bit of my hair
at the front yeah I really like it but I
am thinking you guys know I'm like I
don't I never like to stay with dark
hair for very long I just don't I don't
know I don't feel like it brings out the
best in my features and my face so I'm
thinking of going somewhere to get it
balayage because I've always wanted to
get my hair balayage so yeah maybe you
guys will see that in the next few weeks
or something I'm not sure I just need to
find somewhere that's good so if you
guys
if you have any recommendations let me
know I'm so bummed up looks so cute
yeah just having a bit of like a Lay's
kind of a lazy Saturday but also kicking
um also just trying to get some stuff
done around the house I also really want
to clear out my wardrobe because I've
just got so much crap in there that's
just been a mess for so long so I might
do a bit of that today I'm cooking I'm
like slow cooking some food for later
the other day so in my last look I told
God I told you that I'd show you what I
got from London and then I've totally
forgot some rubbish so I'll show you
guys what I got and also today I just
got some really compete joggers from
brandy melville um yeah obviously not a
lot in there fixed me anymore
so I just thought I'd get some joggers
because you know it's nice to have comfy
home wear so I went into Zara the other
day no you're not involved and I got
this bag which if you like if you guys
follow like quite a few bloggers and
stuff probably seen this before but I
really really like it and I'd love to
I'd love to like style it for my blog it
was about 25 pounds and I just think it
looks really kind of trendy and hmm and
I also got the you know this that I'm
wearing you just jumped up to my face I
can't do this on the floor cuz Frank
they're all enough for my grill okay
then I went to and other stories
I love their jewellery in there so I saw
these hoop earrings which I think are
really nice because they're quite
different like they're like a hammered
metal and like a double hoop so I
thought they were really really really
nice and then I thought with those or
just on their own these would look
pretty nice they're just really simple
hoops really small hoops and I thought
they could go in my second hole mm-hmm
and they're not oh my god I've got this
jumper which is so nice okay how do I
show you guys this I don't know the best
way to show you but it's this really
soft um jumper basically um it's this
super cozy material I really like the
neckline as well it's very like straight
and and like minimal looking and that
was around 50 pounds but such a good
like this wood lot but you know like
this is not going to go out of style I
can wear for years I just think it's
such amazing quality and if you can tell
the material is but hopefully you can
get what I mean it's so soft it's like a
brushed cotton sort of thing so no I
didn't do this before but that's the
jumper hung up which makes a lot more
sense so yeah Oh try and get down below
if I can find it on the website and from
brandy melville these truckers they're
so so soft I can't wait to put these on
I'm gonna put these on now actually and
just get comfy and try and relax so for
a dinner I've made chicken rice and some
roasted veg and I've made some gravy
from the stock morning I've decided to
make pancakes because I read craving I
hate craving something sweet this
morning and I would have made french
toast but we don't have any good bread
and you need good bread french toast so
I'm just gonna make a little of just
like some pancakes
I haven't made them for years I hope it
works
panting my first test one the first one
always comes out wrong okay let's have a
look
oh god it's already ready its flicker
okay it's different on my mum's I've had
this one oh it's a bit better I made the
mixture fitter so it should be good okay
it's getting there it's got some of the
Browning so the next one should be good
third third time lucky
look at this one this looks like a
Sainsbury's one pretty proud
I love making
we've got one share for two people well
morning Frank ah God my hair looks so
red in this light hey guys it's um like
midday on Monday and I didn't really
vlog that much yesterday just because
sorry and I was doing work for hours and
then when it got to the evening I just
felt so kind of drained and I just
didn't have any you know energy to vlog
and just to kind of be myself so I just
kind of slowed it down a bit and and
just kind of looked after myself so and
be a you guys saw that we went for like
some food and today it's back to work
well Matt's usual work
Jason and I headed to the office yeah Oh
actually gonna take some like bump shots
which is crazy because when I like first
got pregnant and everything I was like
oh surely we will be doing bump shots
like every month and then the time just
goes so quick it just goes so quickly
and then you're like what like the foot
the last shoot we did I was 16 weeks and
now I'm 30 weeks is insane so I've been
asking him so I really want to get some
bump photos before it gets too late so
yeah we're going to go to the studio and
do some of those and then I've also
asked if we can get some like outfit
shots because I really love this job
that I'm wearing I forgot from them and
other stories so yeah but first we need
to eat something haven't eaten properly
today so we're gonna do they're here
okay I'll catch up with you guys in a
bit
my mom's off to Las Vegas today it's
just like livin it up I'm just here I'm
like waiting for a baby my mom is in Las
Vegas
oh he's moody we need to get him some
food
oh my god there's so much food here it
looks like an American that's this is my
heart but in the office now and I'm just
going to get ready for like it's gonna
do a few touch-ups and stuff for some
bunt photos so hopefully I can all you
guys might see them by the time this
video is up not sure but yeah also took
some outfit of the day shots as well I
always have to be like can we get some
out my outfit pictures today I just love
this jumper so much like it does make me
look a bit like that like you know it's
flattering but from the front you know
it's nice and it's cozy anyway
reasons of us Kevon a corn sensual skin
enhancer because I think it's probably
the best thing to go for first shoot I'm
just gonna like make under my eyes
Cerullo mushy thing we did one outfit
with like her long white dress which you
guys saw and then also rant like
spontaneously in this jump parks I
thought it would look really nice so
yeah you probably you guys probably seen
these pictures on our social media by
now we're just going to leave and head
home oh are we just going back home
right it's about 6 p.m. now so Frank
well sometimes while the dogs are eating
their dinner Frank will like cover
around righty's bowl because he's so
greedy that he just waits to see if
Friday's after new food and they they
usually totes totally fireman nothing
usually happens but today they just ran
those randomly like we had a fight in
the other room so trace no sleep like
spring did outs like see what was going
on and like the when they were fighting
like usually you know you know what your
dogs sound like if they do fight and but
there was a really kind of distressing
noise as well and so I was well we were
obviously really worried about Riley cuz
you know if anything it's usually Frank
he's gonna do something to Riley if they
did fight and then right and then Riley
was having like his nose was bleeding so
it's as if perhaps that caught his nose
with this claw or something I'm not sure
so right he's like sneezing and there's
like blood he's sneezing blood bless him
so Jason's just taken him to the to like
the hospital the dog hospital and not
too far away so yeah bit of a stressful
part of the evening but sorry to have to
go to the door so yeah so hopefully
Riley is gonna be ok I'm sure he'll be
ok he's probably just got a little cut
in his nose and like it's aggravating
his breathing but yeah yeah so anyway I
thought I'd end this vlog here
weird note to end on but I'm just retard
so I thought I pretty much talked about
much more today
and that's it really when Jason comes
back we'll just have dinner hopefully
and just chill and I'm gonna start
editing this vlog so I'll see you guys
probably tomorrow yeah thank you for
watching bye
