how annoying I didn't conceal my sport
properly everyone it's October yeah yes
so I'm going to try a blog as much as I
can
starting from today and I'm heading out
I'm head day amazing that's going to
meet my friend Jenny because we haven't
seen each other for ages
gonna meet on like Oxus tree and I'm
thinking maybe we can go for some lunch
or something so I need to leave because
otherwise I'm going to be late I want to
show you the dogs just before I go Kathy
looks super cute super cute also really
wanna get in mirror for this part of the
living room that would be the task this
next week oh god I'm not bringing I need
to grab my makeup bag and look at the
dogs boys gotta go in your beds I'm
going out now
don't you have to gain your bed foot I'm
bump shop I'm so tired I can't make out
if this is supposed to be Ross from
friends or not or is it just a guy that
looks like him doctor I can't tell
and it's really like him
so really excited about we'll be so good
we've got thank you we've got the
pontine tacos and they're so they're so
good right very good
hello I'm back home I've been home for a
little while I've been doing lots of
housework and stuff you know just get
back home and you just see all the
housework that needs to be done there's
like 20 different things and it's like
oh I think the dogs wanna be walks
they're like hovering around me hey
riles oh I got some bits from H&M home
so I've just been like putting them in
the bathroom yeah super boring cut it
now I don't know what I'm doing today
well it's only half three and I'm so
tired already the food what happened was
so good so glad I took Jenny and
ex-champ in there before say she loved
it oh my god I just want it again I just
love Mexican food that's not enough
Mexican food in London hey Freddie
hello what are we doing now Jase is not
feeling too well today so we're probably
just chill
we should chill anyway cuz it's a Sunday
but I never actually relaxed a lot I
can't ya need to train myself to relax a
bit but we've got no feet when he's
doing online shop Oh alert that's
Franklin okay hello Jason I just went
and got well we both we're gonna get a
hot chocolate but they run out of
signature hot chocolate so we get really
big do enough
hello I'll get him back on I got a chai
tea latte and we're walking back home
I've been ready in liking walking
recently he keeps saying that he's got
floors in Atlanta it obviously doesn't
the nice walking recess I can't do much
else so it's good bit of exercise we're
gonna head home and we have no idea what
gonna do next we've got nothing in the
fridge Sabra and last night actually
gents about going food shopping yeah
and I actually dreamt and I was like we
need cucumbers we need two monsters
running around the shop in my dream
audacious I know my pie exploded look I
know but if this is a veggie pie so it
just doesn't so I totally for what to
fly for what to update and haven't
really missed much we're just sitting
down for dinner I'm just gonna watch X
Factor anything you wanna say to the
people doesn't mean really handsome
today it's really haven't no look at the
hair and everything it's nice yeah
that's it I'll see you after Jenna by
morning Frank
isn't she the best relations morning and
I'm just watching Tasha's first of
October I'm so excited that so many
people are doing October and and
whenever this is unrelated but whenever
I sit here in the kitchen Frank oiz
wants to come and sit next to me so it's
just like a normal you know chair and he
just climbs up hello and he's always
wants to sit behind me or like we have
to share these two chairs you like it up
here
ah then I need to dry my hair eat some
breakfast
hello and start doing stuff his ears are
so soft mm-hmm okay say there's a tissue
on the floor cuz Frank always draws when
he has breakfast and dinner so sometimes
I put tissue down because we always end
up stepping in it don't we
and yeah this is my breakfast I got
porridge with peanut butter and
blueberries strawberries men's almonds
or almonds I always say almonds I'm
gonna eat it
okay I'm about to leave I'm heading up
to central maize get a few things and
then I'm gonna come back and kind of get
on with some work and stuff let's do
this I need to calm down I don't know
what shoes to wear this is my outfit
I've got this like um jumpsuit on and
then flats but I feel kind of really
granny with these flats on I don't know
like I like the scarf and stuff that
today okay I made it when you're going
to Selfridges even getting up here now
tires me out like I'm just ready to go
back home you know it's bad when I want
to go home and I'm just got 'told
as on myself or just snooping a sprayed
hombre Dobelle d'Afrique on a good quick
on the sermon paper it's so nice
pick us somewhere which this not now I
want to see if anything going points a
nice velvet boots they're like Topshop
or and other stories what else do I want
to do I need to get some hair dye so
gotta head into boots and I'm or did you
sleep here when I go home my subscriber
though Mac Ariana Grande is so
sexualized I don't even know how they
get away with
I've just remembered that Kat Von D is
at Debenhams ah my god I need to go and
check this out I let it in but it's not
open yet
anyway to Zara I'm just about to meet
Jason like a station away from our
station
is easier and then he's gonna drop me
home because I'm so sorry go to the
station and walk I want to show you guys
what I got today I got some really nice
bit we just meant the two cutest
Bulldogs it's always very nice and you
meet other people with Bulldogs because
you like just really understand each
other and the breed and we chat about
how amazing they are so I'm just let's
make some food and I want to make
something healthy so I think I'm gonna
make a salad of some sort and then my
mum's coming over soon to take my hair
out ooh I like this color at the moment
because I'm getting it little I'm
getting it done tomorrow and that's
that's it really
and hopefully I could sneak in some work
as well got some editing to do for
tomorrow okay sorry to end abruptly guys
this is not the best ending I know but
let me just I got back home earlier had
some food oh yeah that's why I left off
and then my mom came over to D weave me
because we're getting my hair done
tomorrow and oh yeah then I was like
trying to sort the next like bunch of
hair out it's quite late now I think is
that Tempe I'm actually not that late
late for me
no and I'm just gonna go like take my
makeup off
garetty for bad just been chatting for
like Alice's and just just like
conditioning my natural hair won't be
much else to report today I'm just
knackered I'm sure we'll be so sick of
hearing me say I'm knackered over this
month we watched some of she's pretty
when she's angry the documentary on
Netflix don't mean watch the big eyes
yeah so probably feminist night is so
I'll catch you guys in the morning and
hopefully the next video should be kind
of properly put together this one's been
two random days but together but yeah
thought I'd put them together any
anyway I am making any sense anymore
I'll see you guys in the morning thank
you for watching bye
