hey guys Hector a well and slightly
Cicilline my second trimester update
video and I got a cup of tea here cuz I
know it's going to be like a chatty one
and I want it to be kind of like a calm
and chilled cut a video so this week
went out to say that I'm
it marks the last week of my second
trimester so it's perfect time to do my
second trimester video cuz I'm just
about to like go over into my third
trimester which is really exciting for
me I'm just so excited to get closer to
the birth it's also really exciting that
having the big bump and I don't know
like people notice it in the street and
you know people can feel it like family
and friends and things like that so it's
a really exciting time I think at the
moment so right now I'm on my twenty
seventh week but during my second
trimester
I kept noting down like symptoms and
just anything that I noticed that I was
feeling and it's all on my laptop so
down here I've got my laptop I'm gonna
go depth through the pointers that I've
put down second trimester overall has
been so much better than the first one
first of all most horrendous for me I
hated it so much the second one has been
a lot better and so the first thing that
I noticed is tiredness and a lot of
people say that you're tied and all
people say that in the second trimester
you get loads of energy back like you're
your first and third are really tired
but second you have loads of energy that
didn't happen for me like I think that's
a bit of a myth and it's a bit annoying
that they kind of tell women that
because it's not applicable to everyone
and let me know if you got loads of
energy back in your second trimester
except I really happen for me and I've
been tied quite a lot I definitely am
more tired in general now than I was you
know at like the first part of my second
trimester if that makes sense
I'll just wake up at like 8:00 and then
and by 10:00 I'm already really tired
and I'm just like I just slump all the
time and and that actually leads me on
to my next one which is lack of
motivation I think I've probably had
this like throughout the whole pregnancy
but I feel like I really noticed it in
my second trimester because once the
sickness went and I was
amazing like now I'm feeling a lot
better I can kind of get going with work
again and be a normal with my work no
it's been so I think it's like a mix of
the tiredness and and also like that
I've had some bouts of like feeling well
I've written about it my blog as well
but like prenatal depression and just
feeling really really low and then I
think it's a mix of everything it just
kind of makes you end up not bridge not
feeling motivated and it's weird because
I usually really love filming and I love
like I used to really love editing and
just during this whole period just have
no motivation and it's really difficult
because I love like have it I love the
outcome but I just have not had
motivation to do the work so yeah I've
had to just things have taken a lot
longer than usual I hope I've had to
give myself like all day to do one of
the tasks and compared to like before
doing like four tasks in one day if that
probably isn't for everyone but
motivation I've really struggled with oh
this is a coupon so I oh my god she's
moving so much now like by like going
into third trimester I love how much
movement I can feel but I know at the
beginning I was really like I was
waiting for movement so much and I was
like moanings I couldn't feel any kind
of kicks or anything yet and I think if
I remember rightly and I think in my
11th week I felt my first tiny like
flutter movement then didn't feel
anything else for a little while and
week 17 I was in the car home from we
was like we just seen some friends or
something we're in the car home and I
just felt this little kick and it was
like sort of it's like it was such a
crazy feeling so yes like movement
you'll start to feel so much more during
the second trimester
everyone's baby's movements are totally
different but she has been moving so
much like it's pretty much all day like
some there'll be a few hours where she I
know definitely notice less movement
we've just had a delivery of our mobile
for the court so um my video has been
paused ba be back in a second
the feel of the movements as well
changes are not from the very
beginning it was just tiny little kicks
and then it kind of got to be stronger
kicks and you've been there looks like a
bull and at first you I couldn't fill
them with my hands on my belly I just
feel it inside and then gradually I
could feel it outside the belly and then
Jason could feel her as well so it's
just it's a really cool kind of growth
period yeah that's really my favorite
part of the pregnancy like in general
just like feeling movements and and then
and towards the very end of the second
trimester and I would start feeling not
just kicks but like it's like she's kind
of moving around or and shifting and I
feel like you could feel like body parts
like maybe an arm or something instead
of just a little kick at this point as
well I could fill my belly and what you
can see the jiggles and the kicks and
everything so yeah I like that part okay
so down here I put weight 24 tummy
hardening and feeling round sorry at
first okay so oh boy like should I just
give you a quick belly shot or maybe
isn't it
does anyone to do it but okay
this is week 27 I hope it's focused
pretty big
so around 24 weeks I kept like my belly
kept feeling it was as I thought it was
like she was really shifting around and
her head was pushing against the middle
of my belly and it was going really hard
and it but it kept happening like quite
a lot like every day maybe twice a day
and then when I actually looked up I
realized that was Braxton Hicks because
it wasn't always just one spot a lot of
the time it was like it was kind of like
a band across my belly stiff and then go
away after kind of a few I don't know
I'd say around like 10 to 20 seconds
mine usually lasts not too long but they
can be quite uncomfortable but basically
it's your body just getting ready for
labor really early you know it kind of
like your muscles getting ready to know
what to do for labor and just kind of
warming up I hardly had any Midwife
appointments this trimester it's like
she doesn't care but I saw I've missed
my 25 I mean she never even booked me in
for a 25 week one I don't understand
what's happening like I feel like when
you're in London they really don't get
like I don't want to scare you huh it's
probably just where I live but I just
feel like they don't like care as much I
feel like if I was outside London I'd
have like a really nice middle - but I
know that when you're going to your
third trimester you do have more regular
appointments it's just I don't feel that
looked after in my second so if you
don't fill up TAF - definitely go to
your doctor or ask for like extra
appointments because I felt a bit like
on my own
around the end of my first trimester and
into the beginning of my second I was
sleeping really badly my patterns were
really off I kept waking up at like 5:00
in the morning and and the further along
I went into the second trimester the
better I was sleeping yeah it was just
just better in general so I feel like
that's gonna change though in my thirds
and I've heard of my pregnancy insomnia
as well but oh my god I have to say as
well and massive like one of the best
things but I've done is to get the
pregnancy sleeping pillows I've got one
now that it's gonna be hard to explain
maybe I'll try and show a cutaway but
it's kind of like it has a round bit
then it had
but that goes underneath me and it has a
pillow at the other side of me and it's
made sleeping so amazing like really
comfortable and supporting the bump and
everything so I definitely recommend
pregnancy sleeping pillows okay so
another massive symptom that I've had
during my second trimester has been back
and leg pain and so I started back pain
I think that started I'd say around like
the middle of my second trimester and
and I think at first it would just be
during the day if I've been like really
active during that day and I've kind of
overworked my body my back will really
let me know and it's usually my upper
back it's not actually been my lower
back that's all but um like before
pregnancy I would have some like
step-like aches and my upper back so I
think it just you know when you've like
suddenly got those extra weight on you
and everything it just can bring up past
problems I'll be sleeping on my side and
when I wake up my upper back is killing
me and I don't know I don't really know
why but in the morning way back kills
and like I love it's just really nice
getting into a warm shower because I
feel like it calms the muscles down and
I'll bet from in the middle of my second
trimester really bad sharp pains down my
legs and which i think is sciatica or
something very similar to sciatica and
yeah so that became that got really bad
at one point and then I try to kind of
ease up a little bit with being so
active and like walking around for too
long especially on my right leg all the
weight on that one leg is just you know
put it under so much strain so I just
tried to listen to my body
hopefully we'll go as well after the
pregnancy but sciatica is bloody painful
okay I put one down here which isn't as
more a physical one it's more like other
people and like my reactions to them and
things like that so obviously during a
second trimester you'll be shoving and
people tend to stop commenting and all
bump and I think like most people or
like all people have like they mean well
and they comment on your bump but I like
I didn't think I would get touchy about
people tell like judging how big or
small my bump is but it does it is a bit
annoying sometimes like I think it
depends how they say or what they say
but a lot of people say that my bump is
tiny
it depends what mood I'm in
sometimes I'm like what do you mean like
I'm not feeding her enough or like I'm
not developing properly I think it's
just a really personal thing like when
it's your body and when you're pregnant
you know just it people come out of
nowhere and suddenly just have this
opinion on the middle part of your body
and like if it's doing or bad or big
small and I think it's because as well
like as a pregnant woman you're you're
you're being told all these things like
you need to be eating healthily you need
to like stay active you need to be
taking your and bitumens you need to
blow a lot like you just obviously
supposed to be doing everything right
for the child and then if someone says
that your belly is like really big or
really small then it I think it makes
you worry in case you're not doing
something right and you're already
you've already got all this pressure so
it's like ah anyway I think at the
beginning of my second trimester as well
I was a lot more and like body conscious
and I was really like I was still really
worried about what was going to happen
to my body I think it's just the fear of
the unknown you don't know how much your
body's gonna change I have to say I
don't care about my belly getting bigger
that's like the one thing that I like
I've tried to explain this on social
media a few times there's a whole like
it's probably a whole other video but
people like commenting and my stuff and
saying that it looks like I'm trying to
hide my bump and that I'm ashamed of my
bump and things like that just cuz I'm
not wearing a dress like this all the
time
and annoys me so much like just because
you're not wearing tight plays it
doesn't mean that you're ashamed of
being pregnant where was I where did I
went off on a tangent but basically I
like my bump but at the beginning of the
second trimester I was really unsure
about the rest of my body I didn't know
how big my arms and legs were gonna get
and like my I'm worried about back fat
and things like that and I think it's
just quite normal as a woman you're kind
of out of control of your body for a
while at this point I feel a little bit
better because because what I think I'm
going in about going to my third and I
kind of know that most of the way it's
probably just going to go to the bump at
this point I'm just kind of trying to
ride out and like not think too much
about my body in general and also at
this point you're kind of gearing up and
getting away with bits and bobs and it
makes it feel so much
more real and really excited for what's
going to happen so I think that kind of
outweighs the worry about your body as
well cuz because it's like I don't know
there's only a few months left do you
also want to make sure that he or she is
healthy at this point I talked about the
post where I did it on my own my social
media accounts and everything but I did
write a blog post called confessions of
a pregnant woman and it went down really
well I was
thank you grocer if you did see my blog
post and commented on it thank you so
much I had such an amazing response from
it and like so many women could relate
to where and I just it was really not
like the feedback on it was amazing I
wrote about just some of my thought like
my honest thoughts and things that
people don't write about oh link that
down below so you guys can check it out
oh if all and hiccups for the first time
and I think it was about two weeks ago
and I don't feel them very often I
consciously felt them once yeah it was
at night time and it was such a weird
feeling was like a ticking clock in my
belly and it was really weird I want to
feel it again but she doesn't really
hiccup that much and so I think that's
everything for the second trimester I'm
trying to think of anything else that
can add this video is probably really
Lauren T um I haven't had heartburn or
anything like that see I'm like
contracting right now it's gone hard
yeah it's getting really exciting now
and then yeah I've just got a really big
bump already and AH we got the cot
yesterday which is just here you guys
can't see it but um I'll probably do a
nursery room tour and so like give this
video a like or like comment that you'd
like to see that if you'd like to see
that on my main channel so thank you
guys so much for watching and if I've
missed anything I'll try and put it down
below you can also comment down below
any questions I'll try to answer you I
get a hot really quickly and easily a
lot and still out of breath a lot if
you're wondering my dress is from
American Apparel another side note
American power is great for maternity
wear like it's not maternity wear I'm
trying to wear it so it's one of
the only shots where like their material
is so stretchy that it were it still
works so definitely recommend American
I know it's quite pricey but when you're
like in distress and you've got nothing
to wear anymore nothing fits it's really
nice to have some pieces from there that
you know you still feel nice in and it's
kind of nice that it's not maternity
works you feel normal steel I'll see you
in the third trimester when I'll be like
almost about to pop which is crazy
so yeah I'll see you then
