morning guys I've made an acai bowl I
always say that wrong
like acai I don't know for breakfast but
I always make it a little bit too runny
because by the time the blender like
actually blends it properly
it then gets too runny but anyway it
looks good to say I'm gonna eat this and
then I'm used to my makeup okay so I
just think I'm ready and I actually feel
quite calm this morning like usually
when I'm about to go out I get all like
stressed out and stuff but so I'm going
to the TV Sophia Webster can kiss
surprise I thought it was a show but I
think it's gonna be a presentation
because it's on for quite a long time so
I'm guessing like people like pop in and
pop out and stuff and I think I'm kind
of going via like all with Maybelline so
they're actually sending a car for me to
go there in which is really cool because
I get so puffed out when I'm like
checking up to the train station now as
well as they and last time like the
other day when I was checking up to the
train station I pulled a muscle in my
lower belly and it was really stressful
I show you guys my outfit before I go as
well I need to finish my hair obviously
it looks a bit dry I need to like sort
it out should be quite a good Monday
like fashion week and then then all the
babies cops coming later as well they
said it'll be delivered between 2:00 and
9:00 p.m. which is so vague so I could
be in like all afternoon and evening
basically here is my outfit I don't know
how good it was gonna look in this
mirror but I am wearing this kind of
cropped black jumper which I got from
Nasty Gal actually when I was in LA it
has these kind of flare sleeves it's
really hard to show alright and then I'm
wearing these like pleated clothes and
they're just from Zara and no I'm not
hiding my bum she just thought I'd feel
like wearing and my jacket is from Zara
I love it and I need to choose what
shoes to wear but that's the kind of
gist of it
this is my right how cool is this we had
so many looks at the car and everything
during the journey is massive thank you
maybe okay arrived alien laser people
waiting outside already
that was such a cool presentation I
loved it oh it was really like out there
and women's are cool and colorful and
stuff so and there was loads of people
in there as well anyway getting stared
out like so but I'm gonna go behind some
food and then head home
I just in charred time and that I
haven't had bubbles eat for ages so I'm
going to go to chime time
I got honey juice milk no wait honey do
you tell milk or something so good so
our cuts arrived quite early actually in
the time frame thank God
what's up the stairs and I'm rubbish now
so yeah Jason's gonna build it I'm gonna
try and help if I can
yeah but it's really exciting for us cos
the nurseries funding an out - you look
like a nursery ok they've got the panels
out
it's call statistics we're just headed
into Westfield because we want to cuz
the cuts made thank you but it doesn't
come with a mattress so we really want
to get a mattress for it and yeah
because that's really exciting and we're
gonna really give something to you as
well
Prius drivers are always really bad I
wonder if that any previous look I
wonder if there are any previous
previous Prius drivers that watch the
vlogs why did why do you have the tar
bike I don't know I've never met anyone
that actually does that anyway see you
in sight yeah so just looking at car
seats we've got our mattress it's
Tuesday I forgot to end yesterday off hi
as usual but we this morning I've been
filming I filmed two videos and we're
just gonna go and get some lunch I've
got tons of makeup on so I kept like
piling on the concealer for filming so
yeah it doesn't anyway so where I left
you guys last for some lunch why not
check ages to come so I was like super
moody and then what's been going on
got back home did lots of kind of
adulting like calling up HMRC you know
like dealing with tax stuff and what
else just kind of I don't know trying to
get a few things done on my to-do list
really boring stuff you guys wouldn't we
didn't miss much
but tonight I'm actually oh god I just
realized that we're in wesa we don't
usually like come to myself as much but
I come to west help because my mom
really really wants to see Bridget
Jones's baby so what it's called
so she really wanted someone to go with
to see it so I said let's go and see it
for like a really random day it's like
Tuesday evening but yes I'm gonna meet
up with my mum we're gonna watch the
film then later I go back home maybe do
a bit of editing probably crash out but
that's Tuesday there hasn't been that
much happening today just like a lot of
filming let's go meet my mom I don't
know how much I'll vlog because so we
you know like I always get chat we get
so chatty and then obviously I'll be on
the cinema so I won't be able to film
that yeah only you know how it is I
haven't heard that much about this film
so I'm
quite intrigued today I'm wearing an
American Apparel dress saw a coat and
flats just had a lovely sunny
I always forget to get the camera out
but she was so sweet
the baby speaks very much today there
she is back home I showered I'm gonna go
to bed soon so I'm so tired and but yeah
three and I see my mum I didn't look
obviously much it's all I think I've
loved anything did I but I won't say you
guys know what I thought it was so bad
but so bad
oh my god but I love the original
Bridget Jones and I like the second
Bridget Jones but this one was just so
like awkward like I don't know like I
feel like I I tweeted that I just didn't
like it and so many people are like oh
my god but I loved it and that's fine
but I just I really don't like when
comedy feels really forced and fake like
it's not it just wasn't fun it wasn't
such like obvious humor I don't know if
you guys know I mean but I don't know
I'm quite a fan of like sarcastic humor
or like clever huh
and it was just such obvious humor like
I don't know yeah my mom and I enjoyed
it so that's good she really wanted to
see and I felt many bags I wasn't like
laughing as much as her and I don't want
her to feel like I was just hating it
but yeah it just wasn't real I know it's
the film but like it wasn't realistic
at all like with the pregnancy and the
birth and stuff and it on a ruin
anything I just feel like it could have
been a bit better unless it was super
cheesy like if you don't like cheese do
not go in here yeah waiting for Jason to
come home because he's been at training
or evening so he's really gonna come
back and probably just catch up with him
and then we'll just go to bed so I
probably see you guys in the morning
9:00 he Frank you know super comfy and
the faux fur he looks so calm I'm always
jealous of how comfortable they look on
this faux fur throw
see in the weekly shop we're done our
shop which feels really good
I love getting home and then like
stuffing up a home fridge okay gotta get
putting this away this is riveting for
you guys
my boys hi hi it's high five
nicely good boy so you guys didn't miss
that much yesterday I just was doing
work in the office and came back home
put my video live all the said as a well
you guys probably seen it right now but
I put up my September favorites video
then I made spaghetti Bernays for us for
dinner
mmm and then we just went to sleep so
today it's Thursday and it's my name
Jason's bird anniversary so we're going
out for a really nice lunch we're gonna
go for dinner but we had to like move it
backwards to lunch so yeah we're going
for like a special lunch together so
alert Franklin should be a really nice
day and then later on I'm doing some
cooking and filming and stuff like that
I've got to get my outfit together and
then leave hi hi
Paul Paul Frank serene Hawksmoor it's so
nice in there and we've both got a steak
and a half a lobster maybe that's a mac
and cheese and some fries
all week I feel like I've just been like
the vlog living so toss it around the
day and everything but just this I just
I feel like every week is like this but
again this week has just been nuts like
I hardly ever dream the day have a
minute writing I can just like sit down
and like probably catch you up but
there's always something to do which is
great but it just means that I don't
know I'm just a bit vlogging and my
mind is all over the place like I really
want to start doing some meditation or
something at night timer in the morning
to kind of calm my brain down because
it's always like on the go I had my PA
buck stuff delivered to the house and so
I was going through all that stuff
because most of the time I don't sit and
actually go through it like really
mindfully and like look at it properly
but this time I did so I thought I'd
show you guys a few things I got and I
never usually so I don't do this often
on my snapchat because I don't know if
it comes across as being like braggy I
never want to be like like here's all
the stuff that I've got like that's I
don't know it just to me it just feels
wrong to show that and like talk about
it but do you write down below if you
like cuz I like when other people do it
it's just a really personal thing like
would you find it braggy or should I
show you what I got in my pew box more
often anyway I'm gonna show you now just
because some of the things look so nice
so I thought I'd share it with you guys
I've got some pens today just for
sketching and inkay like design Oh
hiccup designs for spring/summer
seventeen this came in my Pierre books
how random anyway that's cool so I have
a thick through it just gets a bit
depressing though when I can't wear any
of this stuff because I have a massive
bump I mean not the actual clothes in
here I can't afford them but yeah like
you know cheaper alternatives anyway so
I have this bag of pixie products oh
this is from someone as well as a little
baby
kind of like dungarees it's by Frankie's
threads it's quite bright and I'm not as
into like bright stuff but I like the
the feathers it's cute and so in here
I've got quite a few things I'm really
excited
I won't go through them all but I'm
really excited to try the makeup fixing
mist because I don't know I just love
pixie has a brand I've used this for
ages haven't used it as much when I'm
pregnant
only like once or twice so yeah there's
this dolce gabbana velvet vetted air
which is quite an unusual scent for me
it smells quite masculine almost so but
the packaging is amazing I love it and
then this is going all the stuff
together this Bobbi Brown palette how
cute is that that's such a good like
going away palette it just has neutral
shades and then a lovely blush I've got
this Estee Lauder cream which looks
divine revitalizing supreme cream there
are some Victoria Beckham products which
I'm so excited to try like how gorgeous
this is packaging oh my this is like a
radiance cream kind of like a primer in
a moisturizer in one how gorgeous and
simple is that packaging also someone
sent this really cute handmade mobile I
need to UM unpick it because I've only
just opened it so it's still a bit
tangled but that's so cute thank you
there's really nice palette in here
which I might do a makeup look with and
you guys know I rarely get inspired to
do makeup looks just because I'm more
into like fashion in the last few years
but look at that so if you can tell but
look at those oh my god like the sparkly
colours looks so pretty
I'd love to do an awesome sparkly look
tonight Jason's at training he might do
a double class which means he might get
back at like 10:00 p.m. so while he's
out I'm just gonna probably do some work
or just like chill with the dogs on the
sofa or a bit both and tomorrow I've got
some meeting tomorrow and should be
really nice so I'll bring you guys along
with me and probably that'll be the last
day this week
and then finally prove the pastry was
then shaped it this is thank you I'm
just sitting here like doing some work
and rice coming sat next to me oh don't
look away now when I show everyone Riley
sitting next to me morning guys and I'm
just on my way to a meeting
it's about all plates knees 25 plus 9 oh
my god I'm so tired I literally just
like rolled out of bed got ready and a
little and have left but yeah this
should be a nice breakfast is actually
quite near to me but I have a member for
say look you're always checking it out
today I'm wearing replica jazz club
perfume for the first time in ages and I
love it so much like I keep trying to
smell myself oh my god how pretty is
this opening I'm alone I can see a
spider web that I'm gonna have to walk
under it I love that and having a
pregnant belly access it's tarin from
annoying men that's like that would
usually like be really harassing just
don't bother it's so good so right now
on my way to my second meeting of the
day second and last
yes I'm headed up I'm going to Archie
the Chilton firehouse have never been
there before so I'm going for like a tea
there which should be really nice I hope
I can get a scope it's really sunny but
it's quite chilly as well but I like
right
that was the whole tray empty and
someone has to come and sit right next
to me like the seat right next to me and
it's hot in there
why a little bit of time so I'm gonna
pop into Selfridges
popped into Selfridges I got a
foundation that I wanted to get for ages
and I got some some reverb brushes and I
met some lovely girls in there as well
so hi if you came up to me sorry if I'm
a little bit out of it when you come up
to me because it's so kind of nuts in
there it really works my head out hey
guys I'm gonna flip you around because I
feel so rough right now I really want to
redo my makeup or just take it off and
just like relax but I thought I'd show
you babies or a bit of baby's nursery
because I know that I showed you guys
ice making in the cot and then I haven't
shown it I don't think I've shown it so
it's bit of a wind-up right like just
showing you it being done but not the
finished outcome so one second so it's
not finished yet okay so bear with us
that needs to be moved as well from this
room but yeah it's a bit of a mix right
now it's like my stuff is in here still
oh brother
so this is the cot it's from John Lewis
I think it's called the Martha sleigh
cot but I might be wrong only kit down
below just in case anyone wants to know
more and these are just this isn't like
obviously ours how it's gonna be for
when she arrives but these are just a
few things that we've got already this
is from the white company I love so many
of the things they're so nice these are
just a few of her little booties and
cheese and stuff that we've got and this
is a little bear that we got for her we
need to name him and then I really
wanted to get this like little elephant
rattle because it's so cute
yeah and then this we fell in love with
in the little white company it's it's a
quick it's just gorgeous like hand it
feels handmade quilt that would just be
her blanket forever hopefully it's that
well not forever like when she's 20 but
you know what I mean NICU and we want to
obviously put my artwork up here yeah
and just you know finish off the room
and decorate it still but that's as far
as we have got in the moment and down
there there's some loads of little baby
clothes but
we wanted a baby clothing haul so I'll
wait till them to show you guys I've
just come downstairs to give Riley some
belly rubs no not you feel Frank Ola now
I'll give him Riley attention he'll come
over here wants to steal the attention
don't you it'll upset probably sign off
here because it's probably been a really
long vlog actually thank you guys for
watching oh I might okay I was he don't
promise anything and be annoying but I'm
thinking about doing October so hello
he's literally sitting on Riley get your
so roomed don't promise anything that I
can't deliver or that I might not
deliver say but yeah but I thought I'd
let you guys know that I'm thinking
about doing it if not I'll just try and
carry on doing like weekly vlogs and I
hope you guys like them I just like
making them quite kind of real really
you know I always say I don't make my
vlogs too glossy or anything because
that's where I kind of put all my effort
into my main channel but yeah hope
you're all well we might go to the
cinema tonight and go and see the girl
with all the gifts but I'm not sure cuz
I've been to the cinema quite a lot
recently I will see you guys I'll see
you guys next week probably when I'm
gonna be 28 weeks pregnant which is
crazy yeah thanks for watching bye
