hey everyone it's Monday morning and I
thought I'd look today or this week I'm
not sure whether to do like a weekly
vlog or a day or whatever but or maybe a
few days today I think it's the 22nd
today I am 23 weeks pregnant
and I'm in the last month of my second
trimester which is really scary which is
also exciting because I'm really excited
for the last part of the pregnancy but
this part's been good as well anyway um
so I work I have I have really weird
sleeping patterns at the moment as well
like it's usually okay but sometimes I
wake up at like 5:00 a.m. 6:00 a.m. this
morning I wake up at 6 a.m. so and I
just couldn't get back to sleep and I
hate lying in bed when I can't sleep it
gives me a headache so sorry about that
laughs like our mess corner if we just
turn around I thought I condos doesn't
do work but I just like made of water
and lemon and water oh then I was
watching Carly's birthday hi Carly
I'll link it down below it's really good
she did it drug-free as well yes I was
watching that vlog and then I was
watching other birth birth vlogs because
I find them really fascinating now then
I was watching videos of dogs meeting
newborns and I just got showered ready
and I feel like I I really feel like I
wanna get some work done today like a
good amount of works it's really hard to
recently my head is just all over the
place and supposed to be meeting my
sister Danny as well today but I'm not
sure if it's gonna happen yet so yeah
you have to see Frank on the couch he
looks so cute
comfy he loves this this this faux fur
throw was a gift for us but Frank loved
sitting in it so comfortable and here's
little rose he knows he's like a king
nail chat I am wearing this today
it's called Duke Street it's really
really nice I didn't put on for a while
because I thought it wouldn't suit me
but I like it a lot it's flatter because
sometimes on my skin tone I feel like
some colors just don't look good but
anyway this is really nice
Frank you look how I feel I feel like
that
if you want kind of daily Frank updates
just follow me on snapchat because
though he's always doing hilarious
things though wanna snap Riley as well
but Frank's more hilarious you're funny
too riles
can you make me one please oh this is
our new coffee machine not stopped
hearing about it it's pretty cool though
you want one yeah yes this isn't how I
normally do it that I've got because I'm
doing - I've got to split the milk
otherwise we're gonna get thank you okay
it's about three o'clock now I filmed a
video I filmed what I got for my
birthday and I am just have completely
crashed and I feel super super tired I
don't know why things because I was up
at like 6:00 this morning and I felt a
bit nauseous today which is really
unusual
I don't usually feel sick I'm just out
of energy and that's it really I'm just
sitting here trying to muster up some
energy for difficult like churning
butter must up energy for doing some
work but I'm just so unmotivated do you
guys like our new coffee table I don't
know if I've shown it before probably
not gonna vlog I think I showing that on
snapchat random balsamic glaze but yeah
we've got any coffee table from John
Lewis yeah it's bit messy right now but
I'll show it to you later when it's all
pretty okay made a tea to try and help
Riley saying he wants to be pet hello
different of his face is so dirty from
his walk
we're given Frank a bath because that's
a sausage by the way not to he's so
dirty so let's do this okay yeah she is
safe today so I haven't blogged yet
today I've been like non-stop doing
stuff - tired we're just all game we've
come to get some lunch and we're just
doing some kind of admin stuff and work
at the same time it's really comfortable
here to kind of do work and eat and I've
been doing lots of while trying to do
lots of wedding planning stuff as well
this is the spread I've got a trout
salad which is really good and Jason's
got his usual steak on toast
these chips are so good and it's really
hot today it's like what it feels like
30 degrees it's like Spanish heat so I'm
kind of dying I don't do well in the
here in England
ah we're just walking home that's quite
a nice lunch but we didn't really is so
hot today good we don't have much
appetite
hey yo minimize real recently actually
oh if you guys didn't know or if you
guys haven't seen yet Jase has been
vlogging on his channel like beautiful
vlogs not like this sort of something
okay well a bit of this sort but mixed
in the ones some people don't want to
see on the rejections but they're not
reject anyway and so i link his channel
down below i'm sure i have mentioned it
but just in case some days I'm not
blogging on this channel I'll be like
vlogging will be vlogging kind of on his
no I don't I don't want that little
segment to go got loads it be yeah no
it's fine I'm just like no that's my
drama our purpose should explain the
only reason I achieve it
what do I need to address just the
comments that I like they think that
you're worried that people don't let
your stuff oh nice so to do with that
okay people do or don't my stuff the
only reason I wanted to do the filming
in the first place
you know she's carrying a big bump down
there I think the majority of people
actually like we did a poem to it to 80%
we do something percent wanted me to do
it but because of small it doesn't
matter Hammond even if there were one or
two whatever Samms worked for years to
get to where she is and I don't want to
jeopardize that in any way so I think
there's no harm in me not doing the
videos because it's just going to be the
same thing that you always like so in my
mind it was I'm just there was no need
for me to come in other than to help Sam
but there would just be less videos I
mean I don't but at the same time I
wanted to do something creative so I'm
doing it on my channel yeah which is
awesome
yeah so oh my god I can't even think in
this heat I hope that past is seen for
it to be also now Oh
it's really looking inside me
like shut the bloody twister the best
lolli to get when it's too hot but
chocolate one is too sickening when it's
really hot outside it's about 7:00 p.m.
and I'm gonna make some dinner I'm gonna
make actually shag sugar which is one of
my favorite things ever I don't have all
the ingredients so I'm gonna have to
just you know make it with what I got
when he I just did a massive online shop
today which is gonna come tomorrow so we
don't have much in the house at all but
like I always have like chopped tomatoes
and I randomly add to it so so I thought
chug sugar I have just been cleaning and
doing the dishes and just watching Chris
Dylan and I used that I like to use the
recipe on Rosi londoners blog because
it's delicious and yeah so these are all
my bits okay so I'm gonna chop her
tomatoes and just prep everything and
then hopefully show you guys as I go
along
Jason's gone out to training so just me
oh man okay so I've done all my basic
stuff I've got Bitteroot so I put that
in the can tomatoes in I've got to wait
till it reduces about halfway and then I
ask gonna add two eggs and y'all
somebody hungry now
I didn't I forgot that you have to wait
like 10 15 minutes for this bits on my
oh it's fine
I often put this belly band on now the
hip from when at the end of the day like
sometimes my belly just feels really
tired and my back so I put this on and
look at the exit
okay that looks about done so I'm just
gonna plate it up and enjoy it I don't
know I didn't what do you want to show
you after I plate it up so I feel like
it's going to turn into a massive mess
but yeah okay I see it less I'm so
hungry yeah I didn't go to you badly
this probably looks really unappealing
to some people and maybe like 9% of it
but it tastes good that was nice that's
good those Mills though where it's so
hot and it kind of took a little while
to mate and then you eat it in like two
seconds then you're like ah buy that
took forever just ripped you meal
that's so because I got like an evening
to myself I'm just gonna edit I think
can i edit my next video and just chill
um the dressmaker's on TV but and it's a
bit dodgy so far I don't if I'm gonna
like you're not say I think it would
just be oh oh oh my god I just a pain in
my how funny that I caught that on
camera I've never had that pain before
it was like a really intense pain like
at the bottom of my room if you know
what I mean maybe it's a breath
maybe that's what Braxton Hicks is I'm
gonna look it up but probably see you
guys tomorrow I'm still not sure how
many days I've look but we'll see
it's a sec or it was a sex scene with
old people I hate that yeah so at 23
weeks well and last week as well
sometimes like you know like I'll get
like kick it at normal kind of kicking
feeling but then a lot of the time as
well I'll get this kind of it feels like
she's maybe like shifting round you know
like like one side of my one side of my
belly will just have this like in like
really strong pressure against it and
when I like touch that part it's a lot
harder than the rest of my belly so it's
like as if either her head is like
pressing or I don't know like the whole
bottom of her is pressing against just
the gates like my belly against the womb
is that normal at like 23 3 weeks cause
it's real
unusual feeling but I'm sure it is
normal let me know if you like been
pregnant that right I'm gonna go okay so
we just had a food delivery yes nice
satisfy full freight look all that veg
mmm not for you Frank but yeah I don't
have this morning's okay I just made a
juice I haven't made the juice at home
for so long I used to make them all the
time and then I just went off of it I
use this I've had this for so long as
the nutribullet rx and it's so funny
because I put the thing on on it you
know as you do and then I thought you
just practiced it and it wasn't working
and I was like what's going on it's not
working and there's a little button on
the side to that you just press and then
it just does it for it's just so easy
this isn't an ad or anything it's just
honestly was really easy to use so yes
it's got like great fruit and let me
flip you I just washed my hair this
morning oh you see my face so yeah I've
got grapefruit grapefruit apple lemon I
put some chia seeds in there
what else spinach cucumber and honey I
think I would too much honey in there
now it's kind of tastes a bit like honey
and lemon but good for the body
so today we've come to bar market and
the planning of our place to do the cell
phone
which is the school someone special
I'm so hungry I've only had like an
apple and that juice this morning and
it's probably like midday now I'm hoping
that the market sevillio and I don't
even know
nobody
look at this stool of cat toy oh it's
magnificent
I just got a donor I'm so happy a few
guys have come here read ahead do
amazing donuts this is so fresh just a
lovely prescriber hey I love your dress
by the way
so we're just walking along now to south
bank and kind of dying
it's so hot we just met a lovely
subscriber I think they were down only
for like two days from the morning
I swear well this is New York have
already seen us before it's really
pretty
he saw he's making friends I think he's
taking his details I am melting
I just called myself down by holding an
ice cube and like rubbing it on myself
so I'm trying to do it but he won't let
me do Thursday today I think I hope and
yesterday I'm not feeling as great as I
have been the last few days I just
doesn't really like you know you just
wake up just a bit like groggy and then
you get likelihoods of emails about
stressful stuff so just been one of
those mornings and I just made some
breakfast it's about I think things
about calls past 12:00 and today I'm
gonna go over to Windsor to go and see
my sister and my mum as well I think I'm
just gonna have like her nutter
I'm really craving a Cornish pasty but
it's I think I actually have Cornish
blood it I think on my mum's side let my
family are actually from cool so it's
really funny that I feel like this
Cornish pasty craving um but yeah it's
not as hot as yesterday say thank God
that was horrendous our car had to go
into the garage as well the other day so
Jason just want to pick that up and I'm
just kind of getting ready for the day
really and just tidying up and stuff so
yeah and not anything else interesting
to report we had a dog birthday party
last night because Riley is Rice third
birthday yesterday such an old man now
Riley did you have a nice birthday then
that means yes
I went this is so good families sharing
sonship
it's Friday today I was terrible at
looking yesterday I think it's because I
was just with my family so just like
chit-chatting all day and stuff and then
I was really tired when I got home but I
just had a matter of meeting with when
it popped into fresh I'm on Monmouth
Street
we had a meeting with wine managers
today which was really nice we went to
Burger and lobster and so I'm kind of
free
I think I'll end the book scene actually
I'm super tired today as always it's
gonna pop into fresh I want some new
skincare I feel like I'm always on this
road
here we go the guy in there was like
really really enthusiastic and started
like telling me everything about the
products I was just like I just want to
browse like he'd to talk to me so I just
left so when I saw you last
I was just about to head to going try
find some coasters and I found some I
went into an apology and it was quite a
long walk oh so okay how many times am I
going to say it I went there and then I
just headed back home and then we went
old last night went to go and see war
dogs I really enjoyed it it was good but
I thought I'd to show you what I got
from Anthropologie and I met a
subscriber in there they're these kind
of crystally crystally ones when you see
the price of couldn't find these online
so if they do pop up online or linking
and then I also got this candle which is
the avocado and mint one because it
smells lovely hey miles
I also got this towel because it was
reduced and it's really cute it would
look really nice in the bathroom as well
as being useful so yeah yeah that was
reduced to about 18 pounds oh and when I
was in Windsor I got another one of
these because I use these all the time
it's the Bobby Brown corrector in peach
and I got this gold I feel it was kind
of like Avaaz but it's more of a plant
pot but I kind of want to use it as a
far so but it was only eight pounds so I
thought that was really good so I'm
gonna start editing this flock now and
yeah the last few days have been a bit
like only bits of the days so yeah sorry
about that but I also got my nails done
yesterday do you guys like them I don't
know what the color is because it's a
shellac color and I got them done at
cheeky in in Hoban which is right next
to their Holborn hotel no the Hoxton mm
I will see you guys soon thank you guys
so much for watching this blog and I
hope you're well
