hey guys today is the 20th and yeah I'm
really sorry that there was a little bit
of a break I actually could probably
hear
I've lost my voice and I just had I've
been so unwell for the last few days so
I just haven't really films like films
felt like vlogging or obviously haven't
felt myself already like under the
weather and it's really hard to vlog
anyway because my voice is just gone oh
I feel like whenever I do dark eyes for
some reason it make like my skin then
start to look dark today though as a
family were all headed up to central
London and cuz we've got a few can talk
we've got a few last like loose ends to
tie up for Christmas so excuse me if I
don't talk too much during the flog you
can see why you should be in I stay and
tomorrow is Indies birthday as well
let's go until I see your fans so in
South Jersey we're just picking up a few
candles
so such been really successful I think
we're almost done and then I'd pop into
reserved and then maybe we'll have lunch
and then I'm gonna pop into the game
office and give a little present so
we've left Oxford Street gods oh my god
it wasn't money I think we're pretty
much done with everything now we're
gonna head into the game offices and
we're gonna give my managers their
Christmas presents I might have a lot of
looks for our PA box there hasn't been
that much to floor visits you know as
always it's just so crazy when you're
around up the street and everything so
I'm pretty able to do more chatty bit
something back at home but video we're
gonna go and get a coffee first of
course we love tap it's just around the
corner here tap coffee
hey you like your new piece not crisp
things
she's sure I needs to pay to me they
taste gross so I'll show you guys just
got a little pudding top on lots of
comments on it today we're back home
hello Franklin
indie is having her dinner but she's
making a little bit little bit of a mess
oh my god
I'm about to make some tea so tonight
we're being very Northey and having
Donald's I just ate a little bowl of
apples so if that's repeal Oh balancing
the fat with an apple yes
oh you got selects yeah and we got these
cheese melts out happy birthday
I'm just gonna make her son like
scrambled egg and avocado for her little
breakfast
to do this 100 here's your millennial
breakfast she's not a happy bunny are
you warning not so I just gave us some
cow pool for our teeth
you guys really won't be able to see it
but she's got a third front one coming
excite dips you'd be happier now first a
trip to disco in dinner kiss with your
ass well good
Skyler drama but yeah the excitement of
getting a new age range thing is so so
funny I'm like yay 12 thoughts new thing
hey I like your Flash indeed so we just
come to a little pub and have some food
like a really cute kind of Christmasy
lunch
good
I went for a veggie version
you know this Brussels sprouts just
potato yeah it's like
gallops yeah salads so good we got some
mac and cheese
go plate the remotes get all this tie
this together
well hello lonely people it's been a
really really tiring day it's been such
a lovely day because it's been Indies
birthday and everything but also she
didn't really nap today umm don't know
why but she just wasn't going down for a
nap we try to go out together have a
nice little lunch and it was nice but it
was like oh my god it was it was very
stressful because um she was just so
overtired she was not having any of it
or anything so it looked a lot calmer
than it was but yeah just it's been a
really nice day I've just been it's me
it just made me really thoughtful
because just you know I keep thinking
back to everything that happened last
year and just can't believe she's one
it's crazy I posted an Instagram picture
I did a bit of a like a long caption and
just of like my thoughts and feelings
and stuff I mean there's so many more
things I feel like I could do a really
long blog post on it but I feel like
I've kind of got a lot to say but
honestly and I don't haven't wanted to
be a downer keep like in keeping them
saying that I'm ill but I really don't
feel that well especially because it's
nighttime so I'm gonna I think end this
here and then maybe try and rest a bit
so that I can be a bit perkier for you
guys in the next vlog as well I'm just
trying to like get all my work wrapped
up so that we can we can enjoy Christmas
I don't want to be stressing about work
and everything so if there are any gaps
just bear with me I'm always trying to
get videos up and everything she hasn't
been a nursery or anything for the last
week or so so it's been quite difficult
like trying to do life and vlog life and
upload life
I did a Topshop order the other night he
and so I think in maybe in the next book
I'll show you guys what I picked up or
doing like a trial or something that
could be cool thank you guys for
watching and I'll see you in the next
one bye yeah
