- one is my birthday today it's about
quarter past 10:00 in the morning I'm
just making some coffees for us and then
I'm gonna go into the living room
looking there's some surprises in there
for me okay I'm showing a balance oh my
god oh my god that's so pretty
the spread of paper so pretty
he looks so nice I've just hopped out
the shower but I forgotten I haven't
vlogged for for a minute so we're going
out summer I don't know where I'm just
getting ready and I'm just gonna do my
makeup this is my makeup it's totally
different to my usual makeup man and I'd
like to show you guys the guest oh man I
really love it
ignore the boxes behind me because we're
still working on this room but this
dress is from ASOS it's from a certain
brand to cut remember the name but I'll
link it down below always cut the tag
out actually yeah and then these shoes
also fur makes us and she will sort out
what I'm wearing on top and what else oh
and I think this is very my perfume
birthday perfume Chanel beige
discover that we're down to the Savoy
I've never been here before so I'm
really excited we both know the nodal
alone I can tell we haven't been here
before
anyway found this corner while we doing
anyway maybe it's the other entrance
Oh
the hostility was so nice and there's a
pianist in there as well
we're just going to nip on the street
gonna have like a little stroll around
and just kind of chill really and then
there's something pants later on and say
I don't know what that is either
thank you so we're just having a coffee
stop clean and lean in Phoenix I've not
had anything from here before but I
always want to and I'm just going to go
and look at Charlotte Tilbury and maybe
some other stuff Jason anyways get the
car the car wash today so he's just
certain it's really long queue for the
car wash so I get I have a really really
short attention span I kept Ford really
quickly and it's my birthday so I was
like screw there someone's going to get
some coffee so I'm walking to hunt the
cafe Nero
and then I'm gonna bring back coffees
and then I guess I'll go home get ready
for the dinner
my hope is real or not okay
hey guys back home now and we had such a
lovely meal at the restaurant that we
went to it was a French restaurant I
remember the name but yeah bless you it
was a really nice kind of like relaxing
romantic meal and it's been such a
lovely day my battery's about to die so
I just wanted to sign off and say thank
you guys for watching and today it just
goes so quickly I'm really upset that
it's over already and anyway good night
or god just got like the rest of my
lipstick scrubbed ah ah sorry breath
yeah anything that's been in the video
I'll try and link down below like things
I was wearing and things like that and
I'll see you guys soon bye
