hey guys I'm not going to a funeral if
it's like that it's just pissing it down
I'm starting this book in not a great
mood I have to inform you and nothing's
really wrong I just I think it's just
hormones or something like Sunday's I
just wake up and I'm just like Oh
usually I'm fine I don't know it's weird
anyway so today later on Jason and I are
gonna go to the office and film a video
together
but this morning I because I just feel a
bit shitty I just wanted to like come
outside walk it off
I'm just gonna head up to up the street
maybe do a bit retail therapy but yeah
just to kind of I don't know just feel
normal because all day yesterday I was
in the house all day so you know you
just get a bit cabin fever II oh my god
the battery's dying oh my god you're
kidding okay I'll try to get what I can
today
I'm just really angry but like
everything's piss milk and I keep
thinking about all the things that make
me angry in life and then it makes me
even angrier like I feel like doing a
run or something oh it's so funny what
made me this angry
hey guys I'm Jason by the way you
haven't been abajo Sam's not feeling
great so I'm going to take over just
this little bit they say we are
obviously we're just having some lunch
I've got steak on toast with an
applesauce and Sam opted for
cheeseburger with Costa yeah Riley he's
you wanna go walkies come on then
Frank gonna go walkies
oh yeah so I'm taking the Ducks to
Starbucks with me because I wanted to
see I don't know I just didn't feel like
having a coffee at home and I want to
walk up Starbucks and why not bring the
doggies
Riley living in a nice time got my drink
the guy in Starbucks lumped them it's
really funny when it's hot because they
both get tired really quickly so I have
to like egg them on and be like come on
boys you can do it it's not even along
like a super long walk and I'm like 10
minutes early
into and other stories quickly because I
love it in there they have so many nice
shoes at the Roma
oh my god I smell garlic this is my
outfit of the day nothing that special
I'm obsessed with this obviously I keep
wearing it it's from I got it from a
sauce okay I mean Jenny
you guys have seemed full I think and
we're gonna go with JT and Sanderson
it's a Mad Hatter's team
okay so we're sitting down we've got
this lip sort of like trails of teas to
to choose from which is so cute it's
just right in the middle of a book and
then all the other pages are like oh
yeah this is so nostalgic for Mac team
look here - be my thank you okay so our
tower has just arrived
look how pretty it is and we've got this
passion fruit puree there
guys I just choked on this kind of diet
so this is a little ice cream
this is the outside garden you guys have
been in here before I think it looks
pretty unreal nice thin on the okay
we're gonna head to the toilets because
I told Jenny of that they're really
pretty so pretty
sorry I get really excited just on my
way home now town was absolutely in the
same today so busy it was like you know
when you go Christmas shopping like the
week before Christmas it was that busy
so but like my belly aches like the top
of my belly and the bottom of my belly
aches
I think cuz I've been walking around for
too long and my back oh that's really
normal if you had that I didn't put a
dice for not feeling UN earlier and so I
got home and I mean since I got home
I've just been we've got what happened
oh he popped out to go and get some food
for dinner
and then I made dinner which you should
see actually in a video coming up and
then we just watched TV we're still
watching Bulldog Empire and I'm just
super super tight because I've been up
since like half 6:00 or something so
it's about 10 o'clock I'm so tired
we have dinner a little while ago but I
always get peckish later on like
sometimes I do sometimes I don't or
Mother's good for me to snack more
anyway at the moment so I thought I'd
show you guys what's in my graze boxes
so grace asked if I'd like to be sent
over some boxes to try and I really
wanted to excite I've heard about them
for years and I've never actually tried
them before so this is the first one I
think this is my favorite there's golden
flapjack banana bread mmm I got these
two looks so good
it's like tomato dip and breadsticks and
then the next one I just thought I'd
share with you guys if you haven't seen
inside before no my name isn't this is
the variety books um oh my god olives
then there's a herby bread basket Oh
lemon drizzle flapjack and oh my god
cause there's a Pete chord oh I really
like this one this is probably my
favorite one this one is the light book
so we've got peanut butter pretzel
sticks herby bread basket pistachios and
carrot cake also both other books
there's there's no artificial flavors
colors or preservatives and they're
portioned perfectly as well for you so
you're not overeating and you know just
so it's just enough you as a snack and
then delivered to your home or office or
ever you want it to be delivered so I
thought it quickly show you guys the
process because it's really easy like I
used to think it might take a lot of
time but it doesn't at all and so he got
the three options and then you can
obviously choose just what you want and
let's say you want the variety books
continue and I'm going to put my do you
tell them and then next you just input
your you know payment details just for
the first box and that's it
it's done ah so you can personalize your
boxes and you can go vegetarian vegan
and then you're not a fan of olives nuts
like cranberries pineapple spicy food
let's say I'm not a fan of raisins I
kind of like everything else okay let's
go next okay so now that you can rate
certain ones as well so you can say like
you'd love to try them or you know not
so much for certain ones so I'd like to
try that one Oh power I would like to
try that one
slightly sweet love so fun rating their
mail curate a selection of snacks for
your desired taste basically and if you
guys are interested in getting when you
can get your first one free by using the
link in the description box so I'm going
to try my first graze I'm going to try
flapjack I love that it comes like this
because if you're like out you know if
you're going out in a battle and you can
just chuck it in a bag and it's tiny
it's so small anyway I always break off
my flapjacks is that really weird I
could take an ether
hmm Oh seriously not not kidding you
it's really really good mmm reminds me
of being a child I used to make these
when I was like ten I don't know mmm
Omega C memory crap but I got these now
because I always get peckish like
throughout the day as well obviously
more so now as well because I've got
such an increased appetite at the moment
so it's good like I especially like it
because a lot of the things are quite
healthy as well so thank you to graze
for letting me try these out and might
having a go and kind of sharing with you
guys what I think and I'll let you guys
go now I'm super tired I'm gonna go to
bed also I wanted to say that this Sam
so you know you guys know that I went to
the Sanderson say for that afternoon tea
it wasn't as good as when I've been
before so I mean it's good if you want
to go for the gimmick of it but it's
such a shame I felt really bad cuz I
suggested to go there for a snooty and I
don't know I just wasn't that it was a
good average and it's super expensive
like it's crazy so I would recommend to
go to like carriages or something really
also there's a really nice place in
Selfridges that does afternoon tea as
well but anyway I just wanted to give
you guys like and you know my actual
opinion on it today because it was I
don't know it's so expensive will you
get mmm
okay I'll stop rambling I kind of like
always wanna stay on camera just shave
even more you got like just keep
thinking of things to share anyway I
hope you're all having a good day
keep your eyes peeled for so much more
content on this channel I'm really
excited about it and I really hope you
guys like it as well I'm going to finish
this but Jack lovely is subscriber from
Copenhagen today and I'm a lovely girl
who she was working in urban outfitters
as well like everyone's been so nice
today
I just I don't know I love days where
people that I bump into was so nice and
like I don't know you just like give
everyone a hug I'll see you guys soon
better go before I never shut up okay
bye
I'm just reading this after I thought
I'd show you guys this
it gives you kind of information it's
really nice I love how the person's like
to personalize it as well
can't talk
