I'm driving Sam to the station so she
can go meet her friend and then I'm
gonna go and have some lunch was
happening anything but I thought I would
bring you to lunch with me I don't think
Sam is flogging her day today because
you guys would have seen it already
because I think she's doing a separate
video today so yeah
that's the empty bye
that was very difficult I I normally go
to that place for lunch it's not only
really quiet Ram today so I couldn't
really vlog in there I wanted to show
you guys quickly I got this in the post
well as well holiday we came here and
it's a phone case it's a phone case
just normal black phone case I normally
have a leather one which I will use
again but this I don't have a use for it
but I was snowy so I was like one over
by the advert and our Facebook is one of
those collection things you can get the
phone could get a phone case why are you
shouting for
anyway you can get it and stick it
pretty much on any pretty much on any
flat surface how mental is that it's so
cool I don't really have a use for it I
don't know ways I guess you could use it
for like selfies but I don't I've I've
not got a clue apart from that what yes
you'd use it I just think it's so cool
like look anybody I can stick it on the
microwave if it needs a clean but look
huh apparently there's like millions of
micro suction pads in here and that's
how it works one last time like normal
cabinet bang so cool
anyway well I'm home now
sorry for the lack of sorry for the
decrease in quality I'm using a smaller
camera because the big one sucks to hold
in front of me like this it's really
heavy
right I am gonna get them some work and
oh my god I've got two bits from my day
today I got these because I didn't nice
in the light but I was gonna get them
the while ago and then like they were 40
pounds so I put the back oh my god
they're 40 pounds what I really like
them they're key ah there desi Perkins
range she's a youtuber but they're cool
I like them and I mean I got them
because then I couldn't stop thinking
about them and then Sara Ashcroft wears
them and it just looks cool and then in
every outfit
oh that is cool
there is a cool mouth yes I do know I'm
sharing I should say it's lovely it's
good what do you think Frank's 12 pound
mug no is record Locker cool
what else did you get
what are you doing
I really feel like making spaghetti
bolognaise for dinner so we need to go
out and get the ingredients I'm super
tired today so I cook talk but we're
gonna go to a place called Raul's cuz
aren't you feeling behind me because
they have got really nice produce I have
maybe tested anyway you don't need to
know where we're going that's the path
sure this is
dier
hi so I'm gonna be making sketch
abilities like I said oh yeah so please
excuse I look I'm wearing this huge top
it's just super comfy and I'm so tired
but yeah I thought I just like tell you
what I do as I do it and excuse me
because I'm super tired stop chopping
the onion and now I'm chopping and like
food critics three to four cloves of
garlic for the friend that it takes that
much in a big amount it C in a big
amount of spaghetti bolognaise like
kickin with the garlic flavor
I just heating up some olive oil in the
pan and then I'm going to add in the
onion and then the and then leave that
stuff in for about a minute or two or
three and then add the garlic
thank you daydreaming given up
just add in the garlic
sometimes I chop it up and sometimes I
squish it finished now we're just gonna
go and eat and watch TV and relax and
and we'll see you two
hamster teeth I'm gonna take dogs and it
just thought it would be a nice day I'm
kind of wanting to get a crate from that
great man this is a moment in history
because usually Jason's always waiting
for me and this time I'm waiting for him
and I'm ready
and they oh I think that dogs have
guessed that they're coming out with us
today because they kind of get more kind
of like attentive I just say it I think
yeah do you want to go Frank Jonah go
walkies you guys probably saw cuz I've
talked about these them but you know
these boxes before but I'm gonna take
that in my bag like it's really handy
yeah okay so we've it's gonna go through
some food
hasn't eaten yet and I'm hungry all the
time now we're going to this place
called horseshoe so annoyed I didn't
bring my sunglasses today see what I'm
filming
allow dogs yeah I know that sucks the
hell out dog so it's a good place to go
it was is the bottom one yeah yeah
you don't know what I see I see trouble
brewing maybe you're ice cold to me
where's that hate you be losing you
don't know what I know there's a storm
in the distance tell me where should I
go
when you decided you're finished because
the palms of your hands keep sweating
and I look you're done but you're just
not ready to say what you found out
there it's so much better than me
so stop that lying to me
I don't just wake your wall to go don't
try and play me baby stop laughs tie in
to me you told the majors you're just
like Riley off the lead and he's bumming
around in the grass
oh we just sat down on a nice quiet
bench sounds having a little snack it's
a little bit stressful Sam Raimi's a
week it's like a pregnancy thing and
boys just having a run around we thought
we would just have a little bit of a
rest it's a nice day
Frank is so filthy and dusty it's like
Photoshop Jim is all gray I don't think
we're gonna feel much more while we're
out on the walk we'll probably go home
and Riley so fun
we'll probably go home and chill for Ben
I think we're gonna go to my mom's house
tonight and have some dinner
and you're out across the ocean I'm
alone a castaway a mile road while
you're out though in because I know
you've been crossing borders I've been
alone with my pet friend know you and
it's plain to see that you've got other
plans so stop that log in to me I just
wake you it's much later in the day now
we got home we get a Frank of birth as
you saw and now we're just gonna head
off to my mom's house for some early
dinner I think for vlogs going forward
I'm not going to do like a traditional
ending or signing off type thing because
it's not just this just not really what
I want to do but I thought it was
necessary to say obviously thank you for
watching but I just wanted to say that
obviously this is like the kind of pilot
episode of this vlog and I just want to
gauge what everyone thinks so I didn't
put too much effort in but I didn't know
if it in so it's just the taste of the
kind of vlogs that will that will make
and I just wanted to see where you how
you're feeling about it if it's great
there's like a great review then awesome
and I will make a regular thing but if
everyone hates it then we'll stop we'll
see ya hope you liked it it's been quite
event for that she isn't it yeah some
days there'll be a lot more exciting and
the content will be amazing some days
they'll probably just be the same and
always not maybe worse but the point is
they're just gonna be behind the scenes
of our life so yeah I hope you enjoy it
thanks for watching
so this light enough like my normal
channel that yeah like
yeah really
