Lilith s asparagus is so excited oh it's
wet soft hi everyone oh it's Sunday it's
like awful what a pitiful holiday day
and we're making up over on we've been
quick enough
it's super windy yes yes you might be
able to tell I thought I thought today
because we're here to obviously relax
everything but I'm enjoying looking and
it will be nice to look back at as well
and no I couldn't just hopefully show
you guys some bits of mykonos if you
have like wanted to come here or if you
want to see what it looks like a little
bit so what we've had breakfast lunch
breakfast this morning like that toy
room to get changed and stuff super dark
and we're just going down to the pool to
have for Pauly again we were going to go
to the beach today but I think we're
going to just stay by the pool with the
beach is lovely and we're staying there
on or speech which if you are going to
come to the island it's lovely Beach to
go to and there's there's a restaurant -
they own everything super hot okay doing
much to show you but I'll just like come
and have a chat every now and then it's
funny because we've seen so many people
working up by the pool ever seen that
before
we're getting pretty concrete it's about
two o'clock or just gone and I'm
obviously now getting even allocations
hungry so they want to go for the club
sandwich the fries and salad this is
riveting there we go
it's about five o'clock and I've just
been we've been chilling on one of these
oh no where is it one of these bets I
just ordered a quinoa salad because I'm
still hungry today
my appetite is really increasing it
looks really good so you come back to
the room I get I'm I like love being in
the Sun but after a while I get really
some doubt like it really exhausted from
being in a Sun and everything so I said
let's come back to the room and kind of
chill here and I've got video going up
in a few days and it's might be really
boring but I've already done a thumbnail
for it but don't think it's that good so
I thought I'm going to photograph the
like the items that I'm talking about in
my video here and then use that it will
be so much better and nicer
I tried starting weight I started trying
to take the picture but Jason's taken
over guess he's just going to be so much
better at it so we've got it set up here
on the decking so we've got ready
unchanged and everything it's quite a
few hours later now actually ah
it's lurking by the curtains um so we're
just about to head out sky to go get
some dinner okay so yeah we're going out
we found a restaurant called a pity fish
that way to go to yes Oh shush a guy's
mouth okay bought this man there's not
much to my outfit really look it's
really really basic today I just got
this dress from Miss I got this dress
from this guy did I were you to get my
hair done
mmm yes and there's the bar for everyone
that keeps having
people hate telling me to show my
bubbles so yeah yeah only the just down
below if you like it oh um okay we're
going God this is the lobbyists lobby do
we call it a thing say it's really
pretty
I'm wondering if this filter is real let
me zoom you in this one here
it looks real just like it's preserved
Nathan's not convinced
it could be missing shot it wasn't it
like it's not real it looks a bit like a
fish shark we've got some muscles to
start and some halloumi these smells so
bad I wish you guys could smell them I
got sea bass I've been wanting to get
some fish here the whole trip so I've
only got my fish and Jason has CP food I
don't like prunes
there's no can't really want some food
from me and I feel so bad I don't know
what to do I really want to feed a
gradient potato yeah that's really good
much as if I kind of face see them I
really like sorry
something sweet nice would mean my so
back at the room now then it was really
really nice um and I gave this the FAP
okay look at a little bit of fish at the
end we made sure some of the waiters
weren't looking I felt really bad I can
just leave the cut I think it's because
I'm more maternal now and I'm like aw it
needs to eat and survive he's usually
like a cat but I'd recommend going there
if you're looking for someone nice to go
to eat in Mykonos it was really nice by
then lovely view it would be really nice
to go there and watch the sunset um yeah
you liked it as well didn't you so you
guys that know that I'm not always
frequent on this channel because um
because I'm just rubbish sometimes so
basically would you guys like if Jason
were to make well it could be weekly or
it could be bi-weekly does that mean to
go with um vlogs on this channel so we'd
both oversee be in the videos and it
would be our life basically but he'd be
making the videos and like with much
higher quality as well and I would just
be using on my like canon g7x so yeah
they could be really really lovely vlogs
to watch hopefully and so yeah let us
know if you'd like to see that and if
you guys haven't seen any of his
vlogging style like all like video style
that was make sense then check out his
youtube channel I'll put it on link it
down below yeah we ran a poll today or I
ran a poll today on Twitter and most
people said that they would like it so
maybe we'll try and do that or he'll try
and do that I hope you guys have liked
this blog I know it's been a little bit
all over the place it's kind of like I
love looking while I'm away but cuz
we're on just to like be laying in the
Sun holiday there's not a lot you can
kind of look when you're just laying
around the pool and then obviously
there's other people around the pool as
well
you is if it what can sometimes just be
like hey yeah I just wanted to blow up
one of the days anyway cuz that'd be
nice to look back out as well anyway
I'll shut up now thank you guys for
watching and I'll see you soon
bye say bye did you / say it Bernie - we
took this just before we went to eat I
really like it it looks like there's a
wind machine in my hair
