hey guys and so I wasn't sure what kind
of where to put this video but I just
knew I really wanted to film it before I
get kind of further and further away
from my first trimester because I'm
already like a few weeks into my second
and and I just thought like I don't know
it's still not pregnancy videos like I
wasn't planning on it but I think after
going through first trimester myself I
would love to to avoid someone else's
video and who's a bit more like my
experiences or first trimester
I hope fetus can just be helpful to some
of you maybe maybe some of you have just
found out that you're pregnant or some
maybe people are just wondering what
first trimester just like of being
pregnant obviously my experience is not
really everyone's experience
I mean disclaimer I did not have a good
experience with my first trimester I
hated it so I just wanted to just be a
little bit real and you know like
pregnancy is not always a walk in the
park we most of its not a walk in the
park for most women also I thought it'd
be quite nice to me to be able to look
back on and and if I have more like more
kids in the future I can look back and
then compare this first trimester to the
next one first of all if you guys don't
know walk foot first trimester means
exactly it's basically your first three
months of pregnancy and then it goes
second trimester third trimester the
first trimesters you know kind of
historically usually the were the
hardest for most women because of the
sickness and like just there's a lot
going on at that stage I think it's a
stage where the most is happening to
your baby you know the most growth and
change is happening to your baby and
then in like second and third trimester
it's basically just the baby growing
bigger but first there's a lot of
different things happening because the
placenta is a forge right fully form
check the baby feeds off I think a lot
of your hormones causing such an
imbalance and once the placenta is
properly formed it create it starts
generating its own hormones and
lots of other things so it kind of
stabilizes you as the mum I found out I
was pregnant just after came back from
Coachella didn't didn't know came back
home I knew that I was kind of like a
week late I guess but my periods are
quite irregular so I didn't really think
anything of it at first I think the
first thing that I didn't really know
that I didn't think was a I didn't think
of pregnancy but the first thing that I
noticed was that my waist was bigger
because while we were out there we were
being measured for a pair of jeans each
and my waist was a lot bigger than usual
I just thought I'd been eating low so I
was oh whoops
and also my boobs were a lot puffier as
well but I've again I did think that
much of it I just thought it was just
like my period or something got home I
found out and it's really odd because
the first day or two after I found out
is when my morning sickness kind of
started which is writ like you think
it's because I just knew I was pregnant
I don't know I don't know it's really
odd first I want to say that the the
first few weeks of knowing were very
very difficult for me because I don't
know how to detail to how much details
ago but it wasn't like a complete
surprise
I don't know still the relight like the
the realness of it was at was petrifying
I was so I've never been that scared in
my life
I didn't know if I was making the right
decision the wrong decision like you
know it's such a big impact on my life
and it's there was so many different
things that I was trying to think about
and compare and I don't know like try
and plan for all it was really quite
difficult but I think I just there was
it's like there was just always a voice
in the back of my head telling me I just
knew like I just knew I don't know it's
really odd I just had one main voice was
just always like know this is the right
decision you know like just it's fine
it's really weird right so my morning
sickness went from about
week third week a big cracker - I'd say
I'd say about week 11 which it still is
a bit on and off every now and then oh I
will still get a bit of sick I'm weak
fifth I've always thought my week 16
sometimes I will get bits of sickness
exchange ly when I haven't eaten for a
while so I have to really keep on track
of making sure I've been eating properly
but anyway um it's not morning sickness
it was all day until I went to sleep I
would be moaning in bed at night because
I felt so sick oh I never actually got
sick I just felt sick all day and it was
horrendous and that was just literally
non-stop and when people ask me like how
the people that knew who asking me how I
was feeling I felt like I should be
really happy about it and really like
you know Allah and I was just like I
don't feel well like I hate it I feel
sick that's the only way I just wasn't
really happy at all about it I mean I
wasn't another way but the sickness
really had a really big effect on me and
then being sick for so long continuously
like again and again and again and it
would stop me from doing wanting to do
anything meeting up with people just it
got me really down I think that's what
kind of starts here's the belt of
pretenses of pressure because I just
felt like I couldn't I just didn't feel
myself at all I just didn't want to even
put makeup on I didn't want to get dry
didn't feel nice and anything I just
felt really low but I mean bottom line
most with for most limit it does pass
but when people said that to me at the
time I was like shut up it's not
partager that doesn't help if you have
been having bad morning sickness things
that okay everyone will tell you to eat
ginger biscuit did not help me at all
ginger tea did not help me at all I did
try I did still eat ginger biscuits
because I just wanted to eat Oh eating
in general helps that's why I think I
put on quite a lot of weight in the
first
I didn't really want anything sweet I
just that didn't really help with the
sickness at all I just wanted quite
savory salty things I felt I found that
of lemony things like the salmon agreed
Oh lemon work drink oh my god such a
savior that really helped make me feel
better and also I just kept having the
salted kettle chips they just anything
kind of salty crisps or nuts or anything
really helped I'm just kind of stuck it
and just keep like keeping my blood
sugar levels you know a level oh my god
everything everything gonna make you
feel sick like just looking at pictures
of certain food or I saw a picture of
predator in a magazine I was like oh
it's so funny just like just the most
random things or I'd be scrolling
through my subscription box on YouTube
and you know the videos where people are
just eating different foods or something
and I just see the thumb down and I'd be
like oh it's so funny
yeah the sickness is not a joke if you
know someone who is suffering from
horrible morning sickness please be nice
to them please give them a bit of
consolidation very good thing about the
morning sickness is that it means that
the babies it usually means that the
baby's quite healthy growing I only had
a few cravings I don't know if they were
cravings or favourite things that I knew
would help with the sickness or or what
but I randomly was kind of craving
sausages sausages salty crisps that
probably just because it made me fuller
sick and free actually quite a lot so
yeah I thought the first trimester did
actually go quite quickly like if when I
look back now I feel like it it went
quite quick please body changes I puffed
up so much especially in my first
trimester now my second up trying to do
a bit more exercise to kind of keep on
top of the the weight gain they say that
some women lose weight the first
trimester are you joking I was eating
all day I was
thinking like as much as I could to try
and feel to try not feel sick anymore
my boobs are look boobs and hey some of
my boobs I don't like them out at all
they went up in the first trimester
about what feels like about to bra sizes
but really I'm like they're too heavy
but really puffy like really puffy I
don't even know how else to explain it
gage loads of weight on like my hip area
is which is where I usually tend to gain
at first so that was quite difficult for
me because I I have to have it to say
what I had my eating disorder wise but I
did struggle with it and just with like
body image in general so you might go
through a lot of Bosley changes in the
first trimester as well I don't I think
a lot of women don't but then I think a
lot of women do it probably depends on
whether you naturally put on weight
quite and lose weight quite quickly
which I do usually and also your ribs
get bigger is like expand which is
really kind of creepy to think about but
something to keep in mind for like when
if you are struggling with the body the
body part of the first trimester is that
eventually in once you know quite seen
into the second trimester you do start
showing like you do get a bit of an
actual belly that kind of I don't know
it kind of balances out the weight that
you might gain in other areas because it
makes you feel a bit more like people
can start to realize why you're looking
a bit for us another thing I want to say
as well is that it can be quite a like a
worrying period as well so so I don't
think you should be pressurised into
telling everyone about the news either
like because I because everyone around
you is going to be obviously super
excited and everything but you know a
lot of people do want to wait until
you're at a stage where you feel
comfortable telling everyone and where
you feel like safe as well like a bit
safer as well having everyone know
exactly end of the day it's your
decision and it's your body you know and
it's your life
so another thing
I would say is that if you are feeling
maybe a little bit down during your
first trimester like when you go for
your first scan and you can't go kid and
have private scans done as well if you
really want to to make sure that the
baby is like growing okay and just to
make sure everything's on track but
they've really really helped with like
it really cheered me up to see it to get
the little pictures and everything to
have peace of mind to know that
everything is okay that you're okay and
healthy it kind of makes it seem real
again they're in it quite bit in a
really happy way so yeah if you're going
through a bit of a rough patch I would
definitely recommend if you can to have
a scan because it really brightens it
all up a lot at the time it doesn't feel
real all you're feeling is a lot of the
sickness and the worry mates a lot of
the time and it can be quite hard to
like remember why you're going through
all of this and you know just to kind of
keep you up being about it so yet so
kind of keep looking back at the picture
that you get from the scan and
everything every day can remind you
while you're going through all of this
Oh apps as well the two apps I have been
using I was using the app oviya which
kind of keeps you updated day by day
what's going on with the baby and like
what you might be feeling and when when
your sickness might be coming to an end
to things like that and also pregnancy
plus is another really good one let me
know if you've got any a really good
pregnancy apps even down below I'd love
to fullest of new ones or like other
ones that might help other women who are
going through first trimester
oh this has a downer on it or anything
that's just been my personal experience
I'm having a really time right now
talking I'm super bottled up for baby
fever so I'm going to leave this video
here and let me know if you'd like me to
do a second trimester video as well it's
been a lot better so far so it's been a
little more positive than this video is
probably gonna be really struggling to
breathe right now
or what other thing is I got shortness
of breath breath so quickly J my first
trimester all your organs are kind of
getting squished upwards because it's
making room for the baby so it also
really affected my asthma so if you
suffer from asthma just be a whether it
might you know get your inhalers
everything in and ready because it my is
my I to use my inhaler so much more than
usual so yeah it does have an effect on
your other organs as well and your
digestion and like constipation things
like that so yeah it's already glamorous
thank you for watching I hope you found
this helpful
and I will see you in the next one or
the second trimester video Oh
