hey guys sorry about this I'm just
sitting here with oh my god I'm catching
up on all their shootings in America at
the moment it's I just
it don't even not to say it's so um yeah
I've just been like watching what people
have been saying retweet saying things
that I you know I really agree with um
and I'm just sitting with my bowl got
bowl of unhealthy cereal but some
mornings I just wake up and I crave this
you know with the chocolate chunks in
like I don't know I just keep craving it
at the moment
and then I'm here with mr. Frank hello
mr. Frank oh my god who's put some
foundation on I'm about to I'm gonna
leave in about 10-15 minutes I'm gonna
get my nails done today
cuz I just feel like I wonder if it was
pumping and I want to feel like woman
again you know I don't know like I know
I just feel like it when I have my nails
on it beast my meat so I wouldn't go and
do that
and then Jason and I are gonna shoot I
think today for a blog post visitor for
hey stop some makeup on even though I
still look a bit weird about to leave
yeah what color to get anyway yeah just
have to pick up some cash because they
don't take card where I get my nails
done
it's called wanderlust it's an inmate
affair oh yeah
yeah wait dude I love them I really love
this color this is oh it's kind of like
an iced latte color isn't it it's really
nice and this is I think she said it's
that API in the tenacious spirit so yeah
oh my god if you're so nice to have
nails again I'm just going to put
Starbucks more makeup on these pop
Starbucks go and get us some coffees and
then we are going to go and shoot even
though it's supposed to be nicer today
and it's a bit cloudy
then we got some nnk work to do then I
think we're going to the cinema later so
yes I need to help me a vlog properly
today and not like not vlog for like
three hours then apologizer
check out wanderlust nails nail lounge
if you're around to this area because
they're so nice and then like we just
have a little chat there - no they're
just really friendly and and it's really
pretty in there as well saying let's not
disturb bucks I'm gonna get an iced
coffee cuz I never ever feel like normal
coffee anymore hey guys so today where I
left off went home and then maybe just
some water
what's up Thank You Gavin might get some
boobs up my kind of trip cut my hair a
bit which I'm gonna come back to later I
just split one it's a shuffle they're
like dead ends like the joy ends and I
want to go show the so anyway anyway I'm
just doing my makeup because we're gonna
be shooting around like Kensington and
Chelsea area for yeah I've set for a
blog post is basically with like with
free people so that's really I mean with
free people clothing which I love like
if you guys have watched me for age you
know I'm obsessed with like I just feel
so comfortable in their clothing so yeah
should be a good shoot I'm just like
quickly trying to do my makeup in the
car
and I'm running out of my favorite Tom
Ford shadow I love it you guys remember
that like one of my first videos was me
in a car talking I can't believe those
that's so funny
like imagine if now on my main channel I
just was in my car like so ie
I try not to eat bread Oh such a muggy
day today it's like really hot I think
that it's feels like 20 degrees today
but it's not sunny it's just really
muggy but so we found a nice road to
shoot on don't know what it's called
actually I love these glasses these are
from three people as well we're just on
the second outfit in this location and
just go really well three calm here so
it's perfect for just swapping lenses
and I want to take a picture of these
buildings so pretty
we've got really hungry so we're having
a bit of a pit stop for some food
we found this food court in Whole Foods
we I never knew this existed
I knew Whole Foods was there but I
didn't know about this master core this
is different that's that one that's
funny
so we've got some starters we've got
edamame
pork yeah guys I just forgot left you
guys at lunch so I all the lunch was
really good actually I really enjoyed it
went to bone daddy's oh yeah I showed
you guys oh please take mine here my
asthma is so much more sensitive now
since I've been pregnant cuz all my my
lungs are like squished upwards probably
shot a few more outfits we've got one
more left to shoot and then we come back
home I need to feed the dogs do some
other bits and bobs gonna try and
squeeze in a bit of editing as well and
then and we're gonna go to the cinema
hey Frank he wants us dinner
are you hungry Riley knows what hungry
means are you hungry
my makeup looks so off today you know
when you have done it roughly and you've
been outside hey you Jason like it just
wears off
yeah so I love you what good thing are
up you guys sound right I'll update you
guys now I'm exhausted I've been doing
housework for about 45 minutes straight
just like rushing to do the housework
before we go out so that you know things
are kind of today the house isn't
looking like a steak because that
affects my mood so much as well and and
then the house doesn't smell go to go
downstairs got to put the dogs away and
leave cut wait for several feet ah I
don't really know much about this film
Ashley but don't see Tarzan if I said
that earlier but basically want to go
slugger off he's in it yeah we were just
talking about how hopefully she'll be in
like a leafy but actually no we're not
allowed to speak about anything the
human anatomy and he wore say
that's it you let me update no thanks as
such only their active prison and
anything the colors are coming off I
don't know if any of you know I had or I
take medication an antidepressant I'm
currently coming off of it and you have
to do that over long time long time and
it's gone into the end of it and it's
getting really difficult
the particular one I'm on is one of the
hardest ones to cook so much the doctors
don't prescribe yeah but I mean it was
good it worked no it's well you know
it's like I want people learn it's been
a it's been obviously quite difficult
because I've been having my ups and
downs and then you know we both got
evolution cific so yeah but it's been
China like do the most we can on social
media social media function really cool
photos they'll be on my blog and you put
on your website yes I will
so dark
huh first graph Tarzan it was okay I
don't know I've never really been a big
fan of Tarzan say I don't know who I
expected but yeah it was shot amazing me
I loved it visually but like that there
was no storylines hello everyone
do you like my t-shirt I just got it
today from ASOS it says don't you see my
nipple preggers licious I really like it
um yeah so I thought I'd just sign off
before I go to bed I am super tired so I
was hired tomorrow I'm meeting my mom
better go forests weird lately go for
some cake I need to edit my video for
Sunday anyway why would tell you what
we're gonna be doing that's so boring
I hope you guys like this video and yeah
I'm just watching Joe very good on
YouTube so I've got anything else to
update you guys on really and how have I
been feeling pregnancy wise oh god I'm
so tired I'm feeling a lot better
pregnancy wise like pretty much no
sickness at the moment which is amazing
just I just get tired really easily
that's pretty much it the way but Cory
think of anything else that's
interesting no I just keep craving
jacket potatoes really that's like do
you think and are waiting to feel some
movements or some kicking
I don't really felt that yeah so I think
we would go to bed now so I'll sign off
and I'll see you guys at the next vlog
thank you for watching
