is Friday today by the way we're really
pleased we've come for like a late lunch
early dinner sort of thing and today we
moved into our office space I was just
about to look are like opening the door
into the office space and my I didn't
have any memory card in my camera it's
so annoying so open ah so I went in this
morning didn't hear bits and bobs went
back to the house got the rest of our
stuff that's all I picked up this memory
card yeah then we moved in the bigger
things
so there's only a few things in there at
the moment it's not kind of enough to
show you like a finished room or
anything now we just need to see fuel so
we've got mine I love pizza
actually we both love pcs they do the
best macaroni cheese
this is the amazing mac and cheese oh my
god a cot wait it's been so long and our
pizzas got spicy sausage broccoli that's
it
so we're just walking through impossible
I wrote this like smelly stuff but just
a touch Oh boom burger that's supposed
to be good oh love it I guess they're
setting up for the weekend
or maybe they're packing away we want to
walk up or I want to look up to the
second shop that's just up here it's
what loads of my class Tiki looking oh
my god visit donut shop artifact etc
that looks fun America I love that this
is the place it's amazing look
everything I found gorgeous mirror I
don't know what they're called about
that kind of honesty they kind of look
Moroccan rockin E like us
yeah I didn't probably guess backlash
the deed said that he do us a deal
which is really cool do they okay we're
gonna go back again how can we get it
and but yeah first we're going to go
look at another store as well I think if
we're closing scenes we have that much
time anyway being lovely and carrying it
to me
awkwardly
hi I'm on my way to LA this morning I
just had the longest like security
check-in thing but I'm finally through
I'm so hungry I haven't had any
breakfast it's like 11 o'clock for like
half eleven oh my god this light boom
cuz I can't have a lot of caffeine
I need sweets I don't know which ones
again
I love these but then my arms are also
really good Oh God and the knees will be
good for landing
burl of randoms
Oh
okay I've ordered some figs I'm starving
we hardly ate anything on the plane it
was really really dodgy food I just
thought I'd shave eyes I'm having for my
dinner my like 5:00 in the morning UK
dinner so I ordered um like a Saturday
like a seasonal salad it's got carrot
and stuff and then I just got a burger
which was really appetizing and I got
relish and stuffing just watching the
American Big Brother it's quite
entertaining so far hey guys it's
Thursday morning and I look like total
 but I thought I'd show you what
I've got for breakfast hey I thought
call I've done so far I just show you
what I mean - sure but I've got how nice
does that look it's like a seasonal
fruit plate not a let's leave that off
and then I got a frittata with some
potatoes and oh that's just some taste
i'ma give you tiny mini tabasco's he and
then also got a latte which has come in
this takeaway cup which is actually kind
of cool and then I got some grapefruit
juice I thought that I've been really
liking grapefruit juice recent I used to
hate her isn't it really funny how your
taste changes and I'm sure it's quite
good for the baby as well like it's got
a lot of good damn vitamins and stuff in
anyway I'm gonna tuck in now
hi everyone
I just thought I'd give you a bit of an
update because I kind of film bits and
bobs yesterday and then didn't kind of
finish it and it probably doesn't make
too much sense so yeah yesterday's trip
was quite difficult for me and um I
don't think it would have been as
difficult if I wasn't like pregnant it's
really annoying because I'm I'm not I'm
just not some of you kind of wants to
use pregnancy as an excuse and like
trying you know like I don't I don't
really like say it to everyone I meet
and like oh like I don't know I just
don't use it as an excuse like in
general um unless like I have to refer
to making me feel really really rough or
something but um I just think it really
didn't help with the whole journey
yesterday um there was a lot of delays
and then oh my god all standing in
customs for about two hours which was
not really fun like on my own
I was so tired we didn't really get any
food on the plane we got them
oh yeah like oh I filmed a little bit of
the food but it was like this microwave
like folded pizza thing it was really
gross like I ate about half of it it was
only about that big I was so hungry for
like proper food and I feel like I'm
making it like a creating a bit of a
theme here like these
sit down feeling low I mean to be
totally honest during a lot of pregnancy
I've been feeling quite low and I am
sure I've been experiencing quite a lot
of prenatal depression and hove see a
lot more emotional then I became
emotional woke up then I FaceTime Jason
which cuz I hadn't spoken to him since I
left cuz when I got here he was already
asleep you know she's telling him how
I'm feeling and I thought I've looked
kind of hard feeling as well and because
I don't really I didn't really feel like
vlogging but you know on the other hand
it's showing you
clips of being on the plane and they're
nothing then I didn't want to like jump
it around surrounded Lee jason was
supposed to be coming on this trip with
me and quite a few months ago but then
he could have come which wasn't his
fault but he couldn't come and I just
didn't really when it was but I wasn't
pregnant and now I'm pregnant this quite
a different trip for me I think it's not
like a cry for attention or something
like it's my own fault for coming up
wave and I know I should probably like
Troy me up with people and stuff it's
just it's difficult for me anyway to
kind of reach out to people and I'm
feeling quite down as well like just
down I've just been feeling and you just
don't feel like reaching out and I also
don't want to bring other people down
because I feel like all I'll be doing is
reading about like how I don't feel
great oh this is a really fun few Dortch
I'm gonna see if I can get an early
flight home because I just don't feel
like I don't feel like I've made the
right choice ready by coming I hope I
could get home
what's more annoying is I've always
wanted to come to VidCon since I've been
on YouTube I've always wanted to come so
it's it's really annoying that I got in
the headspace quite a bit later now I'm
with lovely Victoria we're just and
we've just had to be a plunge and we're
just heading over now to the Convention
Center which is quite exciting I've seen
it in so many blogs and things like that
but it's my first time in real life
obviously so
oh god it's so windy it's really pretty
we found a pet corner Louis R Koerner no
psyche
so outside this is cool
so pretty
hey guys I thought they'd give you a
little bit of an update because I've
been absolutely updating you and
again I'm sorry I know I keep saying
sorry everything I don't like a lion
look like I've got a lion's mane at the
moment I had a really really rocky
morning and Marsha I kind of updated
last I was like just kind of texting
Jason texting my mom ended up having
just a really low period where I was
just crying just on my own and stuff ah
but I think it was good to like let out
some emotion anyway and then someone
from my management came to the room to
like see how I was doing make sure I was
okay which is really good and I think
that helped and then Victoria came to
the room from in the fro I'm sure you
guys know and then we went out and kind
of explored VidCon I've got these really
uncomfortable pains
it's what kind of feels like a bit like
period pain obviously it's not pitiful
but it's been all day and yesterday and
it make just makes me feel really sick
they're really strong I'm hoping it's
nothing to worry about
I sweat too the Midwife before about
pain like pain that's like period Paige
she said it's normal and it's just the
muscle stretching but it really is
making me feel sick anyway I'm off to
I'm going to this stall why am I so
overexposed what I'm going to the stall
hall drinks thing and I'm gonna meet
Victoria there and then the YouTube
party is tonight obviously I can't drink
I'm gonna try and like have as much fun
as I can d yeah should keep me kind of
busy
oh just of my habits what do you call
quite frizzy sorry about the mess my
suitcase is just behind me but I've gone
pretty pretty basic like basic bitch but
top is from Topshop it's this nice kind
of floaty one I tried on some other
dresses that I bought and nothing really
fits and I didn't some of them I didn't
try on I was just like Oh it'll fit but
my belly's grown and I didn't realize so
it's really annoying so these shorts are
from Zara got this lace detail
all others ahem and then my good old
trusty shoes firming Outfitters and I'm
just gonna bring my Gucci the Gucci oh
I'm looking for the room that this place
is like a maze and I've never been here
before it's so easy to get lost
I just found some cheer Oh I described
though it's about 11:00 p.m. and I'm
absolutely exhausted I'm sure you're so
sick of me saying that but and I had a
really good day well night in the Edit
my morning was a bit rocky of your
sleeper I caught the end of this little
stylehaul drinks thing and we went to
the YouTube party and which was really
cool but there wasn't much food there so
I've just ordered a pizza just when I've
got back to my room
yes it's stuck inside oh oh I just saw
Claire Martian as well should be seeing
head smart with our security guy I was
like I was holding just a lemonade and
he was like gmid
and I was like I should have just showed
my ID and been like it's just lemonade I
was like it's lemonade it was like sure
but I was like I'm pregnant it's
lemonade I can't drink if he was like
well I can't tell that I'm just asking
for your ID but I get so defensive when
people ask for my ID and it's more so
because um because I'm like well I'd
like to be drinking right now but I
can't I don't know I've made the same
bloody hoodie it's just really cold in
my room I don't have another hoodie wait
I'll catch you guys in the morning
really excited to get some sleep
and yeah I'm gonna tuck into this pizza
now this is my I don't know if I've
shown you guys my view in daylight but
yeah it's pretty impressive
it's nice when the Sun setting and
rising Oh over there is Disneyland which
is really cool and yeah here's my room
which I'm just about to leave look what
I'm using the Urban Outfitters shirt
which I've just tucked in leggings from
H&M a DDoS we call it a DDoS not adidas
and my coffee run bag from Novell a
night yeah coffee might in progress I
love it such good size I got my laptop
and her and everything
yeah all my bits and bobs and magazines
so that's it
hi everyone back in my spot in the bed
so I thought you're owed a bit of an
explanation about what the hell was
going on like why I haven't been
vlogging and everything so um I still
haven't been feeling well like since I
last was talking about not feeling well
just feeling like gen gen generally sick
a lot of lower abdominal pain and more
than usual and I only had a little bit
of it when I've been at home before so I
was getting really worried because I've
not had pain like that before
but I've been around people a bit more
which has been really good I went to see
a nurse here she said she couldn't
really do a proper check on me but she
said I should go and get checked out by
a doctor because pain isn't always good
a good thing I'm gonna aim to just go
back home like sleep on the fly get home
then you know go see my doctor my
midwife I tried to contact my midwife
she's kind of not been very helpful not
answer the phone sent me one text
message so I've kind of had to just rely
on like other girls that I know that
I've been pregnant who have really
helped and said that you know not to
worry otherwise I'll be totally freaking
out it's been really cold couldn't see
what vidcon's like I'm so glad that I
finally been able to come and it sucks
because it's when I want to see not fit
not just not in a good state to be here
it's quite an intense environment it's
very busy and everyone here is lovely
it's just that is quite a lot of people
and you know it's a lot to deal with
it's very draining it's very social I'm
just about to leave right now I'm gonna
get a flight back to the UK it's gonna
be a red-eye so an overnight flight
which I love I love first at the moment
it's delayed three hours already
which is great or two or three hours
might be a bit of a longer evening for
me but I will catch you guys soon my
battery's dying I don't have time to
charge X about literally about to leave
in like five minutes so if you guys
don't have any more footage and that's
why I'm gonna edit this on the plane and
try not read it as soon as I get home
but so lovely to meet some of you
while I've been here thank you so much
to VidCon for having me so sorry I've
had to leave early
see you guys probably back in England or
on the plane and then back in England
bye
