I think it's around lunchtime now we're
just gonna go and have some lunch so I'm
gonna go in the book stem it's a hotel
but yeah they do really nice food
I've got a grapefruit juice and it's
like actual great but I see enough
before him unless so just for the losses
of life just before we left my house oh
and I hadn't looked at the comment
Sheldon this is all when it's looking
about consensus and there's a super long
one as well like explaining why vaginas
develop Rose golden
it was the best comment oh great thing
she did make it sound a bit like you
were you like hated also for Donna's
aren't stronger the penis they are
because we can clench our muscles like I
can move my that that's it
all you do me I'd be done for nowadays
because of course I'm gonna anyway
anyway so I got a halloumi and avocado
burger sweet potato fries and we're
gonna share a salad
so adjusting good hurts one of our
favorite shops in East London so good
here hay fever we're just downstairs
because this is like their home where
section there's so many nice things it's
always cool light bars know if you can
see it's all this kind of Scandinavian
inspired stuff is leaving a doughnut
dude like Jonah I couldn't come in here
where you see the job
okay we're about to head home now
who likes fetid water to run out of
shops to go into me so yeah
hoping it's not going to be a really
rainy ride home because it's showering
but see you I'm a company that my
haven't like clear this up but I've just
been okay like more of the comments in
the blur in the last video when we're
talking about the joiners and stuff and
some people just taking it way too
seriously I that's the thing with like
the Internet and videos and vlogs as
well like some things that people say
can just get hit like I don't know like
taking the wrong way and taken out of
context and it's not what we meant when
we were thinking of what we were saying
like when I said the females bits are
like tucked away I meant that our
genitalia like our ovaries our womb etc
is inside of us tucked away that's what
I said
I just not that it's not that it's all
like always knit like our vaginas always
neat and perfect I meant that it's
inside of us so when people are like
taking what I said and running with it
and having a go at us for being like I
don't know we were just having a bloody
conversation that's the thing with
YouTube like God you know like before
and I've just said I just feel like I'm
walking on eggshells all the time and
it's just things like I just yes I
thought it would be funny because we
were talking about like a funny it's not
a funny topic but you know something
like people don't talk about enough so I
thought it could be a fun part of the
vlog and god it's just like you can't
talk about anything and obviously
Jason's just mucking around I was just
mucking around like we weren't saying
like anything is better than anything
else it was just like we were just
having fun with each other so yeah I
hope that didn't offend anyone that's
what we're like like that's the cut I
mean we're not talking about vaginas but
we're not always like diddly these like
Disney like clean cut conversations and
we we just have a laugh in normal life
so yeah if you can't handle or like
sense of humor and are our chaps then
maybe don't watch this channel but yeah
so I'm just
watching Jumanji at the same time and
isn't that a really big meal for him
like that's like a grown man's meal like
he's got a whole slab of bread there
that would just like fill me up and its
own then he's got this massive like
curry or something then he's got like
two side dishes and milk
that's like Mills like a meal on its own
he's only little so I've just been
sitting editing my lookbook video and I
might be putting it out tonight so
there's not that much update this
evening but we're just making some
dinner and I'm having an omelette that's
kind of basically made by Jason but he's
so good at omelette it really makes your
Fox we didn't really have many
ingredients so just spring onions rocket
tomato what else
cheese yeah just added cheese but in the
rocket
tomorrow looks a good cheese in layers
Oh
made that
a minute to cook the inside
thank you I'm having leftover Chinese I
know I'm actually jealous of my nice
healthy omelette
I'm hoping it's nice and soft in the
middle still on a bit wet no it's not
dry yeah it's nice and moist
for four years there live in your gian
vlogs that kind of distraction with my
GCSEs oh god yes
stop judging me makeups just like
Photoshop hmm oh you got no battery
again are you zooming in no I'm not you
know
Netflix Oscar knew what men thought
I'm on my way to Paris with wire sell
today which is super exciting and I've
just split away from the group to go and
get a coffee of course and it's gonna
meet everyone back on the train and I
think we're all really like gonna sit
together and have some breakfast and
things on the train and yeah it should
be a Columbia where we're going for
lunch it's called high Chi it's really
cool
the lunch I've got a whole artichoke you
are lovely rustic friends
you know my readings I said monsters and
country so we're gonna have a little
tour I think
and where there's an amazing view of the
Eiffel Tower and I've been here so many
times I've never been that I've never
seen it from this view I'll turn you
around
it looks like it's so much better in
real life I just got into my room it's
so pretty
I thought I'd show you the room a little
bit I don't make it too long like a
boring room tour but why not I've closed
one of their curtains because I'm so
knackered and I just didn't want like
glaring light here we have Marshall
speaker then a bit of a minibar going on
when we got the bed why is it all blurry
there we go and I've got some products
from David Lucas where we just got her
hair done which is really nice of them
and then we got a TV and then the
bathroom is super cute look at it this
is why self you see on the mirror and
then look over here I'm super excited
about this this is a wire sell make
removing balm in oil which if it's not
focused but excited to use that and then
look at all these lipsticks I love these
ones they're so pretty then we got bath
shower window with open with open flats
which can look in at me on the toilet
but it's fine it's really cool yeah
that's my little room tour so I'm just
running above I'm gonna have a bit of a
relaxation 20 minutes and then start
getting ready I do my makeup what was
that doing my makeup
hey guys I'm just jamming to some farm
baby canopy I've been obsessed with like
the nineties and noughties music
recently just like reliving everything
and you know like when you remember
songs it brings back so many memories I
love I just that's what I've been doing
over the last hey it's just like having
a jam session my own anyway that's also
something to allows getting ready so I'm
ready about to go downstairs really go
and have some dinner and then there's
gonna be a party and you've probably
guessed by now it's for the more Perry
fragrance launch so yeah it's all really
exciting and I'm really excited for
dinner
I know that we're going to do oh god is
that the Pompidou Center I think it's
called so yeah I've been there before
and it's so amazing the view from the
top is so good so hopefully I can show
you there's another the view later and
yeah I'm just here with so many nice
people it's a really nice group head
bath and just been getting ready two
times phloem so yeah my hair's been done
and it's weird because I just came away
from having straight hair and then she
did it like this style that I've just
come away from but it's bad it looks
more glam like for tonight and all my
lips i've got YSL where is it it's this
i think if they're called the root root
Phillips
yeah Rouge reach will up shine in 45 I
think it is I'm so hot in this room is
really hot I've turned it down but it
won't cool down oh I've just realized
I've been thinking all the lights don't
turn on for some reason I just haven't
put my garden the lights lookit whoopsie
but I'm wearing so this is my outfit
she's are Alexander Wang and through
very exclusive dress is from okay so it
doesn't only looks weird in this light
and but it's this kind of rah-rah dress
it's got all these kind of tassels on
it's really cool and yes from River
Island quite a few months ago I just
whack it out sometimes because tonight
it's like cocktail party themes so I
thought it would
go with theme so so really I can't show
you my whole outfit at once but by
bring me the cute
we just did a 360 camera video all
together you have a nice bar it'll keep
your weight big crap good boy that's
nice isn't it
