mulling understated some porridge for
breakfast so I'm using these free from
it's really good actually
like free from wheat gluten and milk
even though I'm adding milk and I just
put in some raspberries so they could
just melt in and and I add some of this
it's like flaxseed almonds like all good
stuff and I'm going to add one Utz then
I'm going to add some blue fries I love
blueberries I hate when they're soft
they're all nuts then I'm going to add
just like a teaspoon of this it's oh my
god this peanut butter is made with
honey is so good it's from ginger and
white and then I've got mmm I've got
some manuka honey as well which I'm
going to add and that's my finished
porridge with loads of goodness in
we've just been shooting him his
Michaela Hey and it's so funny where we
were shooting is that cats been hanging
around us the whole time and this guy it
well we could hear this piano playing in
the house that sounded like a horror
film and then we could see him in the
window so oh these houses are so nice
hey guys I'm sorry I didn't catch you up
since breakfast it was a bit of a manic
rush to leave the house really quickly
after breakfast just have to kind of put
my makeup on so I've just finished
shooting with Michaela just shooting for
my blog and now I'm so I'm in Notting
Hill I'm just walking down to like the
main bit of it I'm going to meet Jay
sinks he's just working in a in like a
coffe restaurant place and that's the
update really what's this
I look so good I love nothing how it's
like one of my favorite places to go in
London ever since I've been like 12
I really want this one so I found film
weight in kitchen and Factory
we're going to go in video shoot them
and up but first on is drag him to this
food store for the road because it looks
like it has really good fresh
ingredients and stuff maybe look into
cooking like what cooking later I got
green juices freezes
the super green juice few guys from
Jason's moody today
all these men with the same briefcases
they looks so small
we just had some lunch at Phil's and
it's just sort of pissing it down if you
guys can see got an egg it's a car look
at the shoes but I wonder we made it to
the car and god this weather is so crazy
actually yesterday they were supposed to
have been like a thunderstorm but we
didn't get it where we live it just
didn't arrive and I was like oh I really
like thunder and lightning we didn't get
it and then now it's here
so I'm actually I actually love still
like heavy rain and storms and stuff so
but when I'm at home so I really want to
get home and like just dislike dude I do
work and just listen to the rain outside
but by the time we get home it'll end
but yeah so we were trying to get some
shots done for a video that I've got
coming up in a few weeks but we got only
kind of manage to get half of the shots
because it's just I pissing it down yeah
so I hope that video will still be ok
and now we're gonna head home and just a
little normal kind of rest of the day I
think
and yes been a good one quite productive
so we're just having a discussion about
vaginas not doing it how it came about
well yeah I think it's a really um
harris conversation like everyone's
either got a vagina or penis and Jason
was saying that vaginas are gross but
then I was like no look penises are
better are they and then they're not
they're gross
no they're all gross but they're equally
is gross oh I don't know I think penises
are better because well only nice ones
because they're theirs they can be
smooth smooth yeah
vaginas can be smooth yeah ever they're
like weird my never like Donna flowers
no they're not they're like Solaris
people don't talk about them enough yeah
I know they're all inward yeah we've had
this discussion before I'm like yeah but
a lady parts are all tucked away and
neat and a man's noise yeah if you're
really old I guess sometimes the lady
plots hang around but
and you always Harry Potter let us know
Barry Potter theater show okay we just
got home and I just quickly got changed
because I need you to wear something
more weather appropriate and then I've
decided to go and grab some packages
that I've missed like over the last two
weeks so I'm just popping to the post
office then plot this then back home
then work work work
oh the weather do you not want to be
outside right now
well got the packages why do people pull
out in front of you like from another
road really really quickly and then when
they're in front of you they go so slow
like 20 miles an hour I don't understand
like why you don't need to be in front
of me oh hi everyone it's Thursday today
I think I always forget what day is oh
hot ice creams gonna mana we've just
been to see and Boston wedding venue it
was so nice we really really liked it
the first one that we've seen and I'm
really glad we came see it on a really
nice sunny day
it's really exciting yeah it's Rudy I
can't believe it what we really liked
the first one
you really wanted to see what yeah like
I think we'll witty about all we like
we're kind of gonna see to like this
week but yeah we're pretty set so that's
really exciting and now I'm like I need
to go and look at dresses and we've got
loads of other bits and bobs to do but
yeah I just when I got an ice lolly
because it's really warm
I hope these suck and I saw you on
camera let's begin rock and I think now
we're gonna go and find some way to go
have some lunch
yeah good
and we're really be hosting them we're
gonna shoot the last us remember that
we've been working on like roughly I
hope you can hear me waiting
demolished that food was so good I feel
so much better I used to not really like
lobster but now I quite like it's really
weird like how your taste changes we're
going to shoot the next two looks
because it's so picturesque here as well
it makes me want to live here the house
is an amazing then one back home now as
you can see it is quite a lot later we
okay so we wraps the lookbook which I'm
so happy about now I've got to get
editing it which I don't mind - I don't
mind anything look books so I've just
been editing the vlog but it's just
obviously trying to catch up please
don't judge me and now it is which okay
look another clock it's like quarter to
a this is quite late for me to eat so
I'm quite hungry but also like blur like
you know when you just haven't eaten
your just in like a mess sort of things
so I'm going to make some pasta right so
it's gonna be like pesto pasta but with
broccoli and like yeah I don't even feel
like me recently which is good I guess
I've just been looking quite a lot of
dishes just the veg version it just
feels a lot lighter maybe it's because
it's getting hot oh and I just don't
feel like kind of heavy means things
like that part of the sunday race we had
apple seed but yeah so I thought I'd
show you be cooking and I don't know has
anything else to update you on really
not that much excited stuff I feel like
I don't keep saying that I'm editing all
the time it's probably is really boring
to listen to
hey Frank I've just home alone at the
moment Jason's gone training so I'm just
doing me and dinner I look back Sam
I've got totally distracted from jogging
because I'm watching stole like you but
I just made some broccoli separately
mixed it in with the pasta and now I'm
putting in some fresh pesto and this is
Matt dear it looks really good I'm
really excited I'm super hungry I'm
gonna go and eat it then catch up with
you guys later
oh my god I want this in my belly I feel
so much better after eating oh my god I
really needed that oh by the way this is
one of my favorite prints that we have
do you guys like this let's put the
light on so uh I forgotten the name
sorry over the website got it from but I
will link it down below I'm sure I'll
remember and when I'm when I come to
editing but I love her just I find it
hilarious it just brightens my day every
time I see it it's just me if it's just
basically what I'm like yeah I mean if
you don't know what I'm really like this
is what I'm like anyway I realized that
you guys have not only seen our living
room since then we painted it and
everything so I thought I'd give you a
little like afternoon time tour so we
got Frank sleeping on the sofa which
they like I came down this morning and
they'd bitten a hole in this cushion
which I really love and I'm really
annoyed and and at the moment that's our
back wall it obviously needs some work
it looks better if in the daylight looks
a bit dismal right now but um this is
Elvis we've got we've had him for ages
got him from home sense then we've got
like an upfront anthropology candle this
Croydon candle candle and a diffuser
from the white company and this print is
from the same place as the middle finger
prints or I've got hiccups over here
we've got this cabinet we've had since
River Inn we servants and Albans and we
had it there so we pulled over here
and so this is kind of the main wall
there's a little chandelier and there I
mean this was there when we moved in and
we're renting by the way this isn't our
like bought place but um why is the
light gonna weird over here we've cut
some of the cacti that I bought the
other day from home base and a bar
they're supposed to be there but it's
got flowers on at the moment which is on
the desk plant fireplace few bits and
bobs on there this is the messy bit with
all the wires but then we got another
plant and we've got this big voice which
I obviously just put some fairy lights
in it looks really pretty
we've got Ryles down here he rose and
Jason got these flowers and the other
day aren't they're so beautiful
sorry I couldn't really float it about
flowers so this um this nautical kind of
jug vars thing was up there to fill up
that space but I didn't have a vas to
put these flowers in so yeah aren't they
beautiful
this saw they didn't even look real but
yeah thought I'd show you our living
room so I'm just chilling Jason stood
out and I'm just watching Magic Mike XXL
because I wanted to watch this for so
long and Jason won't watch it with me I
wonder why the first time actually
really good like it's not just male
strippers though I don't know like it
has a story and yes I'm quite it's the
first time I've seen this so I'm quite
enjoying it so far mm-hm and I've just
uploaded the next bloom and I'm just
gonna work on a video that I've got a
you know get get done said to my
management on time and and also I'm
gonna be working on a blog post as well
so by the time you guys watch this I
should have another blog post up look
Frank sometimes like stretches and
pushes Riley what are you doing Frank
what are you doing to ye did you just
throw up what are you doing Riley
that's my what day is it
Thursday night update and what's
happening tomorrow and see my mom
tomorrow actually nice haven't seen her
for a little while and Lily what are you
doing just relax let go of my lap and
relax aw hey Frank
Oh oh my god
so we've booked in a place that we won't
see today as well for our wedding venue
it's so exciting to finally have it
burst because we know why we haven't
booked it yet and like every time you
know I meet people and they're like oh
when when's the wedding and I'm like I
don't know yet
but now we finally have a day and a
venue and now I can kind of like when
I'm shopping for my wedding dress I can
have the venue in mind for you know like
if it works well with the with the place
and oh my god I just can't wait to get
properly planning it's gonna need next
summer so yeah really exciting day it's
been a really productive day we were out
for ages like getting the last shots and
everything anyway I'm probably babbling
now but also I thought if you guys
follow me on snapchat and I mention it
quite a lot but I love snapchat I just
wanted to say that I love love love
getting your personal snaps to me like
when you guys just like slap me a video
just with a little message it I love it
so much it's like kind of like meeting
you on the street but you know from all
over the world yeah so if you guys ever
feel like a chat or anything just
snapchat me because I love watching them
and I like answering people's trying to
answer people's questions on them as
well like in in text form I have so bug
ducts of hay fever anyway I thought this
is such a long rambly bit um but yeah
when I'm home alone I just feel like
extra chatty
I've got no one's like I'll float on to
part from the dogs and I'll wrap it up
here I'll see you guys tomorrow
and it's must be a really really hot day
tomorrow as well like if they say it's
gonna be hotter than Greece and LA which
cause it's same for England um anyway
I'm going to finish watching Magic Mike
and
see you guys later but Little Bo
