hi everyone and it is Sunday today it
feels like a Monday I think it's cause
we're kind of working today but this
always happens on the weekend we just
ended up working anyway this morning I
woke up got ready to film a video
because I'm super hot
I was so behind with getting up my may
favorites so I film that this morning
then I've got hopefully edit that later
get it up ASAP and and now we're heading
out to go and film a lookbook which I've
been we've been trying to film this all
week we've been waiting for some good
weather and finally there's a bit of Sun
today so yeah we're gonna head out we're
gonna film across a few different
locations in London and yeah hopefully
it'll be good so yeah we're gonna be
using the gimbal and everything so I'm
so excited for a lookbook to look really
professional like because I loved the
Santorini outfits of the week video so
if you guys likes that it will be like
that but in London hopefully here I've
got all my outfit I think I've got about
six outfits put them into my bags and so
these shoes are from Zara by the way I
love them we're gonna head out probably
have some breakfast feature then film
the boys keep sleeping together so
cutely cutely on the sofa
I don't know where we're gonna film now
this was we had a whole list of luck on
location and normally we come here in
the week in history quietly
so I got smashed avocado on toast with
some Schwitzer and that looks really
good actually
scrambled eggs and bacon on face that
breakfast was so good oh my god I highly
recommend it if you go if you can if you
live near a ginger and why it was so
tasty now we're at office location to
shoot I hope it goes well I'll try and
get some footage of like uh shooting
it's just a casual one like a daily
so it's on shooting for today I think
we're gonna carry on shooting tomorrow
we're just heading into home base which
i think is my forfeit for having outfit
shots done what are you getting and I
want to get plants or home where you
look nut boring stuff I'm gonna go and
look at home where oh this is nice it's
like more Oconee Oh God
I like this I kind of want to get it for
the living room so not to put in it
though
look all of this stuff that I found I'm
gonna load up our living room of capped
capped I I'm really excited okay we're
done in home base now we're heading into
Sainsbury's because I want to make like
it's good it's Sunday I want to do a
semi roast like potatoes veg and
Yorkshire puddings but we really want to
go home so it's really gonna be a quick
trip got our carrots that we got know
why it's funny it just is
okay back home just had to put all this
food shopping away and then I'm gonna
start making a race so I thought that I
would you can cook with me and like I'll
show you how I do but if it makes your
fruits somewhere else actually like
putting food shopping away I really
enjoy it okay so first I'm just
preparing so I'm just like lining my
lightweight baking trays with tin foil
so it kind of keeps in the moisture and
I'm just separating separating
everything out so you know I can see is
that what I'm doing and right so I'm
gonna cut up the song young so I want it
to flavor the meat and the potatoes and
just I think prepping is like the main
thing and setting times
is it me or does this look super
photogenic so I've just season the beef
and putting it in with some veg so it
gives it some flavor and loads of herbs
and then I think that's I'm going for
about half in it oh no
about an hour okay so I've also just
season some carrot and that's gonna go
in the oven as well okay and this is my
season these are my seeds and potatoes
and what about black I'm just about to
put them in the oven with the carrots
for about half an hour okay I'm just
waiting for everything to finish cooking
and browning and stuff here is the beef
it's not too bad and I'm just waiting
for the potatoes
some carrot are you comfortable
what's the better devastated Roy it was
just such a cat dog how are the potatoes
view I don't know how old whoa Steve
fest no they're good they're crispy
enough on these that well I'll leave
them for five minutes okay
okay meats been carved potatoes would
just come out they look really good your
carrots okay and plate it up my being so
hungry now so I probably leave it here
we're just gonna eat and then watch
telly relax I'm probably gonna edit some
of my vlog the babies in the living room
and Lucy goes right
one day today who but if I could add a I
think this is funny and we've just come
out from and get some breakfast
I've got doctors appointments day at
like 12:00 so you just come out hit and
food and then after the appointment
they're gonna carry on killing the look
book that we were filming yesterday
quinoa porridge and banana breads which
is so that feels it's amazing
a bit later now I just really felt like
dropping today we look really Greek and
we're in sofa at the moment yeah we've
been trying to kind of scout locations
and stuff for we're just stopped for
some food because I'm super hungry we're
both hungry and curry so we're on Mount
Street which is a super pretty Street
look about such a nice view
I mean he's due for what he showed the
outfit that I'm wearing and then I
didn't go to change and we're gonna
maybe try and find another nice Street
or something but yeah that's really nice
here it's a hidden gem
