hey guys hope you're well feels weird
doing my normal like normal channel
intro on this channel but thank you guys
for bearing with me because I know
there's been a little bit of a gap and
it's just been a bit of a mix of things
I just don't know where the days of gone
run it honestly
so I'm hopping in in the beginning of
this video and throughout it to give you
a little bit of a talk through or like
what's been going on over the last few
days it's obviously apologies my voice
have kind of lost my voice
so I sound a bit different to usual I
think on Sunday I feel like I also have
to be quiet because Indy sleeping and
Sunday Jason and I went to winter
wonderland with Tasha and David who's
jason's cousin and yeah it was really
fun um my voice it was really nice to go
there but the guys recessed with like
winning Ted it like just with the games
I think not really when a teddy is more
so like they would really like compared
to doing about the games and stuff they
got loads of teddys we a we went on a
ride and yeah it went really quickly I
thinks we had to get back home quite
quickly over that physician now
it was just such a crazy kind of
turnaround from the weekend to this week
so on Monday
Jason and I went to the Cotswolds
because it was the gleams Christmas
party and I didn't actually film quite a
few bits of Bob so that also was so so
nice so it felt so festive the high
street it was like not even a High
Street it was kind of like a tiny
village sort of place and it just felt
so festive as well so I'll put the
footage in from those days now
we found this little tackle shop it's so
nice
we're almost ready we're gonna head over
we're gonna head over for the dinner in
a minute I think it's like pre-drinks
and then our dinner and I haven't done
much talking cuz we both just been so I
haven't really felt like chatting it
should be a really nice night we're
gonna try and last as long as we can and
it's been so nice like getting dressed
up and everything because you know now
we're parents you don't get to do it as
much yeah it should be really nice to
see everyone and I'm so excited for the
food my dress I'm wearing this wrap
dress I showed it to you guys in my home
I think my last haul video it's from
ASOS I really really love it there was
Hiro was so nice like floaties and yeah
and then my earrings are I'll link her
website down below because I'm not the
best at pronouncing the name but they're
really nice and and then I've got my
misnomer necklace on and that's it I've
just like waved my hair on my lips is a
mix of Charlotte Tilbury red carpet red
and will be brown bond lipstick if I
don't catch up with you guys tonight
properly I'll probably see you in the
morning hopefully I'm not too worse for
wear
so today is Wednesday I have been
vlogging today so I'm not going to say
too much about today I just wanted to
give you a little bit of a catch-up but
yeah the party was so nice it was so
nice like go out I guess like dress up
feel pretty good see you know we don't
really go like do too many things at the
moment life's just so crazy and then the
rest of Tuesday we got home and then my
mom was looking off to Indy here so I
asked her to stay for an hour or two
more so I could catch up and a bit more
work yes you really didn't miss much and
then I went ahead sorry not sorry boring
I hope you guys have liked this little
catch-up vlog and I really hope my voice
comes back it's so weird
thank you guys for watching I'll put any
details of anything down below I've been
to have today's one up tomorrow but now
if like I don't have enough footage for
it so we'll see might be a two day one
and it's Indies birthday on Thursday so
I could make a nice - day vlog I can't
believe how close it is to Christmas how
has this happened anyway I'm gonna go
stop babbling this jump it is from
brandy melville okay so know if you're
wondering I hope you'll do really well
really excited for Christmas this time
last year I was in labor and what's the
time it's like half a p.m. and I was in
a bad like it was trying to get bad this
time last year so it's so it's just
feels so weird for me like knowing
because actually this time last year I
was just in the like the worst pain I've
ever felt but it was also such an
amazing time but yeah crazy thank you
guys for watching bye
