good morning everyone and I'm just about
to leave I'm heading over to Windsor to
go and meet my sister Danny because I
haven't seen her for ages I've never you
know I don't see anyone as much as I
should
so yeah got my new hair but I'm gonna go
and get some bleach because you see
these dark bits like I don't mean I
don't like when my hair's really dark I
don't think it's see I don't feel
comfortable with really dark hair it's
super soft hair I love it but yeah I'm
gonna get bleach and then I think go and
get like an ashy kind of dark blond or
brown sort of dye because I prefer like
a Xie hair on me I just think it suits
me a bit better so we're gonna meet in
Windsor should I say that I don't know
how much I'll be looking when I see her
because we you know we're gonna have
like a proper catch-up and everything so
yeah I guess we'll see how it goes
Jason's gone out he's got to like work
from like that from a coffee shop and
have breakfast and stuff and and I
thought I'd show you my outfit well
sorry super messy in here right now
this top is from misguided just Topshop
jeans and then this coat is from Zara I
look quite grown up I feel like and I'm
gonna shove on some shoes and a bag I'm
really really hungry I'm getting quite
hungry because I haven't had breakfast
I'm waiting for like a holding out for
lunch so yeah you've got a hangry Sam
and so I we get to eat but yeah looking
forward to seeing Danny
Danny
so lunch was so so good I feel really
satisfied we're just in boots because I
want to pick up a few bits and bobs I
wanna yeah I told you guys earlier about
the hair dye and I'm just looking at
L'Oreal because I've heard so much about
this so I really want to try it out
there's not that many dark shades this
still carries apps like tiny it probably
doesn't look as tiny on camera but it's
just like a little mouse crazy so funny
we were just headed down to where
Starbucks used to it used to be they've
closed it down so we're headed to I
don't know cafe Nero or somewhere else
yeah I feel like I never have cake but I
do feel like a slice of cake I'm even
saying the word cake makes me feel bad
funny
okay I'm back at home Jason's gone out
Eastland training we've just like TAC
team to tag-team to each other because I
had the car and then he needs to leave
I'm like he was waiting for the car so I
came in the house and he literally just
left the house hey Hales I know you want
to go out I've just got some editing to
do but before before hands the dogs
really need to be walked so I think I'm
going to take them out right now and
it's gloomy gloomy weather oh and we
going to the cinema tonight we oh
there's other films that we want to see
but timewise it's not going to work out
well because of the time at Jason gets
home so we're going to go and see the
Warcraft film which I thought at first
looked absolutely horrendous but it's
got quite high on it IMDB so we can see
I think we're just desperate to push the
cinema walkies do you want to go walkies
walkies do you want to go walkies come
on
it's so not fun walking on my own it's
really difficult trying to walk both of
them Franklin's so strong can't breathe
the bleach stinks but I should probably
update you I'm just bleaching my hair so
I kind of section it section air and
then and a bleach ship from like the
route as close as I can get to the roof
and then all the way down and so I'm
just starting on this side and then I go
to like the top layer but it's kind of
hard to vlog it and do it it's like I
kind of need to work quickly because you
know it develops and it's kind of
time-sensitive sleepy after this then
I'm gonna dye it but give you a little
update yeah
pet the dogs and I'm getting a bit
hungry there's a lot to do for dinner
anyway bad so I just went to start like
what I was waiting for my hair to take
to the dye to the bleach I went to try
and import all my footage or five looks
to try and start editing it and then I
can't find my hair drop a hair dryer I
got my hard drive anywhere it's just so
annoying because that's why use I put
all my footage onto my hard drive and
then edit from my hard drive and I can't
find it anywhere this is so annoying
because I'm so behind
anyway I'm uploading these vlogs and
this is just another thing but I'm just
gonna make it a little bit longer I'm
really sorry that the foot all these
vlogs are a little bit like um I'll
probably put them up for you close
together so that I catch up timewise
anyway but it's funny cuz I've said on
Twitter that I'm doing balloon and
people are probably like where is it ah
where is it I don't know
I've looked I've searched the whole
house but anyway this is my hair at the
Ryman look it's super orange because
when I bleach I always go to spit
orangie and then I'm just gonna use this
which is nice and easy natural dark cool
blonde so hopefully it should sort this
out because this ain't cool okay I've
dyed my hair super quick and we've
changed the film that we're gonna go and
see now we're gonna go and see nice guys
I think it's called which I'm a bit more
excited to see cuz who doesn't love Ryan
Gosling
yeah we I think the film starts in like
10 minutes so we've literally got a rush
there and get all our stuff dogs don't
piss on the front doorstep I'm and I'm
annoyed really annoyed because my
actually Nsight it doesn't look as bad
but in the house light it still looked
orange so I got really pissed off again
it's so quiet
around for a Saturday it's really weird
that everyone's hibernating so I'm
headed had it boom head hurt
I'm headed so you've got the art noise
I'm gonna meet my friend Jenny for lunch
I'm so excited I haven't seen her for
ages last time I saw each other we went
for like an afternoon tea to celebrate
our mine and Jason's engagement so yeah
gonna see how she is it's been quite a
social week this week
I just don't read I'd my hair this
morning because it was still quite
orange but now I've read Ida it's gone
again darker which is fine it's got rid
of some of the orange but now I need to
lighten it up again so I can
never-ending I don't want to blast it
with too much dye at once so just on my
way to the station
we're both running a little bit late I
can't wait for amazing pasta also last
night's I forgot to vlog afterwards we
saw Warcraft in the end and it was quite
good it was just extremely like fantasy
yeah if you like Lord of the Rings of
that sort stuff you'll probably like it
it's like all the Rings but even crazier
so that
so I'm with Jenny we're just walking up
to Selfridges and it's super busy yeah
we wouldn't want to get some tea as well
and to had such a nice day with Jenny we
were just chit-chatting and catching up
and everything and we were like walking
around Selfridges for a little bit oh my
god I got some amazing what they called
like pooja pooja bedi a--let's they're
so good they're kind of like healthy
chocolates I'll show you them later I
have to get back home because we're we
needed to leave to leave it like half
5:00 to go over to the Misha Lux house
and yeah we're going over to see Hannah
Steph and Gracie we're going over for
some dinner
and we're gonna is that when it's called
oh no my battery's dying Oh No oh they
must have a spare battery we're just
filling up with some petrol and I still
feel really weird with my hair like I
need to die it feels weird having brown
hair I don't know weird it's been a good
day I'm pretty tired after like London
central London's you know you well it's
it was super busy and it kind of tires
you out when it's really really busy but
yeah it should be a nice night I think
we're gonna get gonna get em some
takeaway and chill so I'll catch you
guys when we're at bears okay will it
focus look there's everyman cinema says
we do delivery does that mean that you
can go to the store so shaky it does
that mean you can go to the cinema and
order delivery because if so that's the
best thing you have ever seen oh I want
to go there have you guys been to an
every Munson and I let me know if it's
good I've never been I've always wanted
to go Gracie say hi everyone not Pete
fair forgive you oh yeah dominoes I'm
serving
I got half and half but Domino's messed
up they're my people
Gracie's after my heater you after the
pizza
I'd have Gracie a bit of my pizza is it
nice
I got mine as well yeah I realized that
I didn't finish yesterday's vlog we have
such a nice evening at heroines deaths
and it was so nice to see great thinks
we haven't seen him for ages and I you
know like when you're with friends and I
just totally forgot the kind of log
anything I only got like a tiny bit of
footage so yeah just one of those days
but um yeah let me just came home and
pretty much went straight to bed so yeah
that wraps up today's vlog I was
chatting with them til like 10 half 10
at night or 11 or something it was
really really cool and so I'll see you
guys tomorrow thank you for watching bye
okay I just got here so what's the time
we need to go in and out
