hi everyone welcome to flume I'm going
to try my best to do bloom every single
day but it might not be every single day
but just bear with me and here's Jason
back into the swing of vlogging so it's
a really rainy day today a crappy it's
been quite crappy this week actually
it's annoying we wanted to film a video
lookbook all week we've been waiting for
some good weather because I really want
to get one off on my main channel but
yes so today we just went and have some
breakfast which was really good and now
we're ready to go and see a potential
office space because it's like working
from home is great but it definitely has
its struggles and it can be quite it can
be quite and Pusha phobic and it's hard
to separate work from you know your
normal life so among other reasons we
think it'll be really good to have a
separate working space we live in West
London so we're looking around we've
been looking around this area so you
don't want someone that's too far away
from where we live so yeah that could be
really exciting because if we take it as
well we will have loads of them like
interior decor stuff to be doing which
is my favourite type of thing to do it's
really exciting time because it would be
like the office space would be like a
split between obviously Sam's stuff and
then it'll be okay little space for
November night you just
really exciting I remember when we first
started not a Narnian office but I
didn't really now actually we have an
office basis yeah for like solar pools
and like there's just not sweat not
enough space we don't have enough
storage space and I don't have enough
storage space for products and things
like that and they're just overflowing
and baskets and stuff plus we'll have
I'll set up a little studio in there for
photography that'll be really cool it's
just an exciting time of life isn't it
so we've had a little faces and I think
we're gonna take one of them I think
that we had to look at a few because it
was like good to compare you know like
picture ourselves walking there and
everything
this week I think we're gonna go now and
tell them that we want to take it
let me really weird having like a
workspace
oh so it's a little bit later now oh my
god this okay we got home and we had
some like really stressful news kind of
like kind of like tax stuff which is so
boring but just something that we had to
sort out and it took it took a few hours
to try and properly sort out and it was
just stressful and you know it wasn't
you know it wasn't good flog material
you guys wanna hear about tax so that's
what I haven't blogged for a little
while I just had some lunch at some
French onion soup mmm and tonight
there's a not so an our store is opening
in common garden and I've been invited
to go and check it out and I'm gonna
meet Hannah Hannah max I'm gonna meet at
like Leicester Square station about
breath and head over to see this store
I'm really excited cause I've been a fan
of NARS for years and years yes oh and I
think I said well I've seen some people
snapchat the store already I think that
had a little sneak peak yesterday and it
looks like it's gorgeous so I haven't
been to an event or something for a
while like I don't go to as many as I
used to go to say yeah I'm gonna quickly
get up the face so I want some better
clothes but it's really the weather is
dismal oh so yeah not the best day to go
out there anyway I've got to get ready
the weather today is so hopeful now oh
it's um cold it feels like February so
I'm just want to wait to the station I
feel weird but I haven't been to an
event for so long need to get back into
the habit
yeah mater I'm just waiting for Hana and
then we'll make King Street and it's
exciting he looks really nice
okay
music so cool it's like we're on holiday
it's so good it's watermelon peach
yesterday I started food really well by
not even finishing the bloody vlogs I
felt that I'd carry on this morning
we've just had more bloody like fine art
stuff to sort out so being super boring
like literally since I woke up and so
yeah Jason I've just been doing that
just drunk some tea had some breakfast
and I flipped into going in half my
lashes done so that's where I'm headed
now went nothing he'll are going to
blink brow bar move it's so good there
when I had them done last time they it
lasted forever ah okay I just got here
so what's the time we need to go in and
out oh okay I need to go in it's 11
o'clock I had a hair appointment at 3
p.m. we just been moved to like half 5
so I'm gonna have to find something to
fill in that time with and that's the
plan for today really so probably just
working and getting hair attached anyway
better go
okay lashes are done I love them ah I
feel so much better I just feel like
prettier like really quickly it's really
weird you just wake up and you just got
this like amazing set of lashes we're
gonna go inside go and have some lunch I
made some chicken the other night so I'm
gonna go and just heat that up and have
some like chicken and rice or something
I've been wondering where Franklin is
all day and I think he's there Frank why
is he doing in my suitcase Frank were
you doing in there I can't why is he
doing you know help we kick out from
under the bed please come on
money yet about half floor I think I'm
just about to leave going hit my hair
done and look who's been sitting at my
work desk it's so funny he just don't
hop on my chair thanks Frank
what are you doing are you working hard
are you working hard so cute so about to
leave for Islip she's been doing a bit
of housework and stuff going to your
hair sanctuary gonna get my hair done by
another Oh also oh damn I forgot to ask
the girl's name you did right eyelashes
she's so nice and she does such a good
job I feel like I want to show you guys
my face closer up I'm like feeling a bit
better and like got my hair done and
everything
yesterday was Regan as well it was so
nice I'm it was really nice to see the
Naz and pop-up shop I haven't really
done an update on that and yeah it's a
really really gorgeous shop yeah it was
so nice to see Hannah I'm so glad that
we went together otherwise I'd be like
like like walking around on my own like
around the shop like not talking to
anyone like not knowing anyone so yeah
we had a good old chinwag as well like
at dinner which you know like you know
just when you're having a good cat shop
with a friend so you don't really you
know you don't really think of looking
so yeah that was really cool I think
we're gonna see them again as well at
the weekend I'm gonna get going I don't
to be late for my appointment I made it
I just discovered that I can search for
tightest gifts or gifts on Twitter he's
like my favorite character ever hello
I just got home and this is really
really bad my thing
and tomorrow it will look a lot better
just because I'll be able to show you it
properly but my hands done I was so
happy it feels so nice to have big like
voluminous hair and it's bouncy anyway
I'm so hungry I haven't had any dinner
yet and it's like ten to eleven so I'm
gonna quickly make like a stir-fry
because that's what we've got and that's
what I feel like I will catch up with
you guys tomorrow because I'm so tired
I'm super super tired so I don't have
much energy to properly finish you're
like have a chat right now but thank you
guys for watching I don't see anything
about the vlogs not being good okay I'll
shut up I'll see you guys tomorrow I'm
thinking of also making them to day
vlogs throughout the month because I
think that would work really well for me
and like editing and everything so let
me know what you think of like - Dave
vlogs write for a well and thank you for
watching
