no I just looked to me I hope you ate
the can
his that calls past three just got to
the room and I thought I'd show you the
room because I'm just you know why not
share so where I'm in the Martinez hotel
here's my room on like I've got some
lore'l bits oh that's so cute
and nectarines it's very kind of Art
Deco look how rough I look I need to go
I need to have a shower and get changed
so I'm gonna hop in the shower because I
feel you know after you traveling you
feel doll-like blind but I thought I'd
say so I haven't told you guys what I'm
hearing can like why with L'Oreal and
things like that so so lonely how
invited me to come to amfAR which is
like this dinner auction live music
catwalk show event and it's to raise
money for AIDS research I think there's
gonna be quite a few celebs there and
stuff like that and models and you know
like film stars and things so I'm so
excited I always get really started
because well hopefully I don't freak out
and kind of embarrass myself
oh we're gonna be walking a red carpet
and then having dinner and just you know
kind of enjoying the night Katy Perry's
performing which is so cool so I'm
really excited I'm so excited to be here
even if it's just for the day because
like what a day to come to you know like
if you've got the chance to come to can
for the day why not and a hair and
makeup team are coming at 4:00 p.m.
which isn't that long out to do my hair
makeup for tonight which I'm really
excited for you sometimes I don't like
other people doing my makeup but this
like today I feel like it will just be
best you know if it's a red carpet I
don't think like my skills are gonna
pull it off they're gonna be coming
which is gonna be weird having other
people do you like hair and makeup but
that should be good and then we're going
then we're going downstairs for some
cocktails and then we're heading over to
amfAR so yeah I get to bring you guys
with me it should be really good I'm
gonna jump in the shower just like to
share with you guys as well I was just
opening this bag here which was left in
the room and it has this little box in
it I just tapped the box to try and
focus that's hilarious
so it's an invite to the after party
after the dinner
what after them here we got some
Belvedere what's in here oh my god
a perfume oh my god my favorite thing
ever all I want to smell it is garlic I
am fuh
Oh de Pape um one second I'm going to
smoke the smell oh it's actually quite
nice I have to show you guys this as
well just flicking through this book
that I have called the disco collection
and it's quotes from famous people
famous women maybe men as well I'm not
sure and I love these illustrations as
well how amazing okay I'm showered I
don't know why I'm coming up so red in
the screen this is really weird maybe
it's the lighting I'm just waiting for
their hair and makeup peeps to come and
fix me up because I am a right state
look at me I just painted my nails and
my toes with OPI Dolch
don't share de leche I got at the
airport and I also got an Aussie so rude
Narciso Rodriguez perfume I think it's
just called an Aussie so and I love it
hello okay I'm ready I'm just in time as
well oh I just need to put one more coat
of lipstick on so yeah I thought I'd
show you my finished look I my face oh
she looks different color like in the
camera but then in real life it doesn't
look a different color in the natural
light so yeah let me try and find you
guys a full-length mirror so I can show
you the look okay this is terrible
lighting but this is my dress
so it's from needle and thread I love it
so much it's so intricate all this
detail I got it from liberty literally
yesterday and then my shoes are
Alexander Wang which I love you know
they're kind of hard to show you but
they look like that I'm just taking my
wires sell back but I'm gonna wear it as
a clutch I'm gonna put the I think I'm
gonna put the mic metal strap in and
just hold it down here oh my hair I
don't know if you guys can see I really
really like her um okay I don't know if
this is working
oh you can see the dress a bit better
here ah so I'm gonna go downstairs meet
everyone at the Martinez pool and we'll
having some cocktails
oh and Helen Mirren's gonna be there as
well because she's like a spokeswoman
for L'Oreal so I'm so excited to see her
in real life she's amazing such an
amazing actress
oh I might be able to get a picture with
her as well super excited and then we're
gonna head over to there and antha
that's it wish me luck for the red
carpet oh and this is my ticket I'm
guessing so we just downstairs at the
cocktails bed
so pretty and so hot and I'm wearing a
long-sleeved dress
ready good
more
that's all the people outside waiting to
come out
so I've just got em just went through
the red carpet and everything it wasn't
scary at all because no one knows who I
am
massive models yeah so it's kind of good
because I can just relax and just walk I
just scurried past yeah I was in the cab
that Christina the fan who's so sweet
she's so nice and like kind of normal
more either like to chat to so it is so
amazing here let me pan around I hope
you can hear me
it's like a fairytale garden
okay we're just walking in through this
guard in the past
and I'm in bed I'll see you guys in the
morning by morning
I'll see you guys in the morning I'm
knackered night hey guys so I know I
look really rough there's no makeup but
I'm at the airport just about to eat a
little bit of food and then fought the
plane Holmes London and it's been
amazing just been so amazing like I
can't believe it happened it feels like
a dream well just stay yeah but yeah
thought I'd sign on and thank you guys
for watching and I'll see you soon
