everyone I feel like oh my it's been
okay I start again hi it's been so long
since I last Bloods I feel like I always
say that I thought I'd look today
because it's been so long and it is
Thursday I believe today we're in
Hampstead because working on a video for
his channel but it's one that's going to
take quite a while and part of the
footage that he wants to get is up on
the top of the hill here I've never been
here there before it's like a viewpoint
so it should be really nice and yeah
it's a really nice sunny day and we're
just gonna get some breakfast first
that's it he's just doing the parking
for the car but since we've taken a long
time
yes back to the car and then finds
another parking space and then find our
way up to the company for hill
heading to ginger and whites go and get
a coffee because we're such coffee
selves but if we have someone that's
mediocre I had a camera in front of my
just gonna pack up now and then hold on
oh I think we're gonna head back into
Hampstead and then I do have never see
that
good first something's about Mary
you can tell I'm out of practice with
vlogging because yesterday I just
completely forgot to end the vlog I do
apologize I basically just came home I'm
not feeling too well right at the moment
so I just kind of edited on the bed here
and yeah and then we just watched house
of cards ordered Nando's it's our bed so
you didn't miss that much but I thought
I had kind of luck today as well I'm not
kind of I am vlogging here today so you
know maybe something more of this video
because I wanted to like chat to you
guys a bit more and try and vlog
properly so we're just about to go out
and we're gonna go oh we want to paint
our living room because it's friend√≠s
so we might be going out to go and grab
some paint which is super fun and going
for lunch somewhere because we're both
really hungry and that's it so I thought
I'd show you guys my outfit I'm wearing
this top which is from misguided I love
this I haven't worn it for ages and just
some leather leggings we'll throw
another and this bag from j.crew which
I'm obsessed with now just trying to
figure out what to put with it because
it's really cold outside I've got this
long line blazer from Topshop last year
so I think I'm gonna wear this I don't
know we'll see and probably just some
boots we're having some odd odd weather
you have to see it on the Sun the sun's
out
look it's sunny
but yeah it's sleeting and it's kind of
freezing and it's kind of sunny
thanks man come to these because it's
the only kind of place around here that
don't study healthy foods and we don't
want to eat too badly
wait so hungry hey this is so cute looks
in a little martini glass
we got bruschetta nice I feel so happy
look at this little orange tree this is
amazing they're tiny little lemons and
oranges are registered in home base
because yeah I do want to get a plant
and we're gonna paint our living room oh
I said earlier yeah so but I also want
to look at plants because my palm tree
is not a palm tree but my heart is dying
so we've been painting the room but we
just had a little break so waiting for
the paint to dry yes Frank up as a shock
rose he doesn't like it Reilly
girlfriend I find for bride he's got his
little handkerchief on yeah he was so
he's going on an adventure
Oh probably not you know impressed you
like it Frank no hey guys so we okay so
we've painted looks so much better than
the yellow already it's only one coat so
we need to do another coat and we're
really knackered it's like probably
about half a name 10:00 to 9:00 to us we
thought it was like 6:00 p.m. which
making some food you're gonna watch
house of cards and because we're
obsessed with it at the moment
and then just chill really and then
carry on painting tomorrow and I think
this is enough I speak I speak so
quickly I still don't think this is
enough so I'll probably be vlogging
tomorrow as well but I give you a little
update and that's about it really oh
we're having beans on toast with cheese
on top
mmm it's the best Heinz beans they're
Heinz beans aren't they yeah Heinz beans
I was just like snooping at what what's
happening with the food and look so
we're having beans on toast but fianc is
doing I call him fianc by the way it's
putting the cheese on first and then I'm
assuming putting beans on and then more
cheese sure I just realized company's in
the grill no I know the beans mmm I
haven't had this for dude but how I
don't even know two years morning
everyone Saturday
and we're just taking some breakfast I
went to the gym this morning so when I
get back and really really ravenous and
hungry hey boys I'm about to make some
egg banana pancakes with blueberries and
I'm very excited about it
okay this is getting ridiculous now I
just can't I never finish my looks
properly okay it's a few days later now
and each day I've been like oh god I
need to finish my vlog I'm terrible and
then I just haven't really felt like
jogging and I next time I'm gonna do a
whole day's block and actually do it
well we're actually going away at the
end of the week so I'm gonna be vlogging
there when we go away as well but I
think I'll make it like a whole big flow
probably on my main channel and like so
yeah I do want to be looking more on
this channel so yeah I went to Westfield
today and I got my god I didn't realize
there was a NYX and in Boots so I
thought I'd show you guys what I got I
also got a few bits from Asus for the
trip we're going on so um do you guys
want to see that I just got a few bits
last night and I did like Next Day
Delivery but back to the next and I'm so
excited that they've got it's a shame
like I wanted like all of these soft
matte lip creams if you've watched me
for years do you know which one you
stood in my favorite I think you still
like the same one all the time
I used to wear son Paulo all the time
and it was sold out they were quite a
few sold out so that sucks so I got once
I thought still looks really nice I
always want to do a whole video on them
on my channel cuz I'm obsessed with the
NYX lip products anyway I'll get them
out okay just like pull around back here
I've got some bits from Bobby Brown and
they're so many they all try pants with
each so I think cheaper
they're probably cheaper in the US but
still hot - I like they're worth five
pounds before you fell sick oh I wanted
to try one of these new ones it's called
the NYX liquid suede I've got it in zero
not either six zero zero nine Oh tea and
cookies CR that color looks really cute
then I've got soft matte lip cream in
London which is this neutral Absa Dom
which I think I used to have and that's
kind of a it's like a bright red I got
this really bright one in Manila oh and
it looks like a pinky like a reddish
pink fluorescent kind of color I thought
that would be really cute on holiday
like bright you know bright popping
popping lips then I got oh this is a
possible off switch they're really good
as well they smell so nice as well the
butter glosses in angel food cake
I loved the name of this one and then
another soft matte lip cream in can
which is this like this is such a dodgy
whole bit taupey so if you can see the
difference they're like London is a lot
more beige and this one is it has a bit
more like natural lip color in it my
battery's dying of course it's dying too
it's always bloody timing can we try on
a can I'm not using a mirror oh I missed
you I love the formula there's just so
many lip creams now that's so drying and
these aren't drying that's so cute
do you like it oh let me know if you
have a favorite color as well I wish I
had some perlite of my favorite like
favorite everyone so why don't I might
as well show you the things I got from a
sauce as well and
so brace yourselves I've got this super
cute swimsuit that rhymes I look at it
it's got this kind of tiered design on
the back slow which i think is so cute
so flattering as well and yeah that's
pretty only policing down below okay I
just showed you everything and then it
wasn't recording so I was like I was
recording four-minute smells like oh
let's try again yeah hey also got this
beach shirt dress thingymajig so it
looks like this kind of hard to show
this and it comes with a rope belt it's
a really nice length and it's really um
like relaxed it's really relaxed you
know like just beachy where I love stuff
like this so I'm just like ah like
lounging and Beach wear all day yeah I
thought that was really cute it does
look a little bit like a Jesus robe but
hopefully I won't look like Jesus then I
love this this is a denim it's also a
really good quality denim it's like a
really thick denim I'm sorry my hair is
really pissing me off like oh I just
tied it up so I'm just not in the mood
today um yeah this is like a crop top so
you know it kind of like this it's
really cute such a perfect holiday piece
but then also for summer in the UK or
you know whatever or whatever really
it's already trendy because it's the
ruffles not ruffles but you know I mean
like the it's very it's very feminine
but I love that is feminine but it's
made with the thick denim material so
you know I just love things that play
against each other like that so love
that such good quality finally I got
these which are so nice on sometimes a
lot of times I've ordered shoes from
ASOS and then they've come and they've
not really been that good quality these
are really good quality I don't think
they were super expensive either
and I I usually love my white
Birkenstocks and then Franklin I eat
them I think so I wanted to get some
shoes that were a little bit like that
but I don't want to spend like 60 pounds
on more Birkenstocks so yeah these look
like this and this really cute really
simple and would go with so many things
holiday I could ladies during the day
and welcome to the beach I can wear them
out to dinner at night so cute so
doesn't really puts a day and we went to
West I do have any plug in we're still
just because we have so many things to
do and we were filming there as well and
we just have to kind of run and get a
few bits and bobs before you go on
holiday I just remembered we need to get
euros whoops oh I've gotta go and feed
the dogs I was trying to sort out what
we're doing for dinner but yeah thank
you guys for watching I know that I keep
apologizing but I am sorry that I know
it's been a little bit all over the
place so be totally totally honest with
you I haven't like in the last few
months I just haven't felt like vlogging
so that's why I haven't done it but well
actually no it's just in the last month
I think so you know there's no point
pulling out the camera and then like
just pretending you know there's no
point doing that I don't want to like be
fake on camera or anything like I just
I've looked when I really feel like
vlogging and I mean you know a happy
mood and things like that so yeah I
never want to fake it so I hope you
understand sometimes you just don't feel
like vlogging or I've just had nothing
to vlog I've just been working or yeah
or like doing really boring stuff
nothing like vlog worthy and if you're
wondering I'm wearing on exam a night in
the shirt dress I wear it all the time
it's so comfy and soft and it's just so
versatile I wore this to Westfield today
just with my adidas trainers yeah I love
it and I'm working actually on this
shirt and a different material which I'm
so excited about I hope you guys will
like it as well
we're just waiting for a sample of the
material to come and then we're going to
get it sampled in that material so yeah
I can't wait for that it should be a
really nice like a really nice version
of this shirt dress also if you guys not
putting me on snapchat a little bit also
if you guys aren't so no I can't say
following also if you guys aren't
following me on snapchat please do and
it's just Sammy Maria this family love
and I and I'm always on that I'm on that
every day I'm obsessed with it
it's just so much you know I love
Instagram but snapchats a lot easier
like you don't have to but the picture
doesn't really have to be pretty it's
just whatever literally whatever you
want to throw up or like talk about or
just randomly filter it's just really
fun and let me know if there's anything
else actually you want to see on this
vlog channel in the way of like maybe a
themed Q&A video or me doing a certain
thing or talking about certain subject
that wouldn't really fit in my main
channel you know videos yeah what would
you guys like and yeah thank you for
your support and thank you for
understanding about me competing all
over the place I still wanna vlog it's
just sometimes it's hard to find the
motivation that's just life I guess
but I'll be back I promise and I hope
you're having a nice day all night ah
