this morning I just got to the train
station and I put my blog camera in my
bag and then I realized that there's no
memory card in it so this morning you've
got me on my phones looking and I'm just
meeting Michaela freshy I've just
grabbed a cross on Anna banana so of
course I forgot my memory card this
morning I was so annoyed I just got out
the car because Jason dropped me at the
station to get the train so I was
running late as usual
and I went to stop vlogging what like my
trip and then it just said no memory
card and I was like oh so you haven't
missed that much just me running around
London basically did a shoot with
Michaela for my blog we've shot three
outfits also did some videos so that
will also be part of my next lookbook
video which I'm really excited for
because it's like I'm another on
location one and I'm trying to do more
on location ones I always want to mix up
my lip books between them being here
like in my room and outside do let me
know what you prefer I'd love to know
what you guys prefer do you like my lip
books at home or out I don't know I like
a bit of both personally saying yeah and
then after that I like just walk through
Selfridges I had a little eyelash
extension patch test done because I'm
getting my lashes done tomorrow yeah and
then then I went to my management and
just had a bit of a catch up with my
manager and then I just got an uber home
and now I'm home and a bit of a salad do
I have green and white teeth I'm not I
just been putting my clothes away cuz my
room ends up looking like such a tick
and we've just booked to go to the
cinema tonight and I'm so excited
because we haven't been for ages yeah
we're gonna go and see 10 Cloverfield
Lane which I've been wanting to see for
a while I finally got Jason to come and
see it with me and that's it now I
haven't edited today's video like the
video that I want to put up today
hopefully which is on feminism it's a
girl talk video so I'm gonna see if I
can edit that now before we go if not
this is so boring like just me talking
about I'm always just like I'm editing a
video that's all
I just film and edit as an eat drink
coffee also when I was walking through
Selfridges I wanted to say a big thank
you because well I met a lovely
subscriber and then just as I met her
another someone who worked at here under
Pierre Pierre are there key all night
like they do math-amazing macarons older
some of the best macaroons I've ever had
there were four in here but I've eaten I
gave one to my manager
oh they're amazing lady like
multicolored ones and look like the
puppy imagery is amazing this isn't a
plaque we think she just gave me like we
took a picture together and then she
gave me a few my Koreans to just take
away and I was like thank you so much we
just got to so my I so you've got to the
cinema just rode boom I got something in
my eye so look you can see I'm tearing
up probably catch you after the film Hey
it's been such a crazy morning I had a
meeting this morning at an quarter past
9:00 and I've come out of that then I
bought some new shoes
now I'm going for a massage at Ibiza
which I'm really excited for I supposed
to be like one of the bad to help us
dress apartment where I need to go so
you might remember I had a meeting with
someone from Mabhida and I like to learn
a bit about brand sorry about the noise
you know the name I don't know if it
helped me so I'm just coming up to it
now apparently as well they balance sure
no they look at your chakras of your
soul basically and see what you need
doing most here it is okay I'm in so I'm
just going to undress and then put this
dressing gown on and then fill in a form
and have a glass of water but this one's
very nice I am definitely going to fall
asleep in here
I don't think I named Who I am anymore
I'm so reluctant it's so weird being in
London
well feeling this relaxed so I feel it
just laying down I'm gonna go to German
the juice because I'm so thirsty and I'm
craving something good
I may have been in seviche back home oh
my god the journey back home was so long
my uber driver was rude as well so I've
just got home but I've got to go leave
again in a minute let me talk yeah bit
less please I've got going but I gotta
leave in about 10 minutes to go to
nothing Hill's
got appointment at the blink brow bar
which is kind of near like Westbourne
Grove Road I mean excited for that I
haven't had eyelash extensions for ages
so I hope they do a good job let them
know what you've been up to what are you
making her omelet your scrambled eggs
yeah what's like the things come on I
had to connect it today get away from my
eggs
okay just plucked up I'm just out
literally outside blink brubber
there she is mmm I've never been in
before I'm excited
and back home I've just made a little
like darkride bread smoked salmon
avocado snack because I'm so hot it's
Frank with his bow
it's 22-a I've been admiring since I
last saw you got this oh it's about to
upload my video which will be up by the
time you guys see us on my main channel
and we got fish and chips tonight which
one really excited about
I probably catch up with you after
eating I'm so hungry it's Friday and I
know I look a bit like Jon Snow I'm just
so cold in this house it's really sunny
today and nice but it's really chilly
and I'm just sitting here with a with a
bowl of them veg because I'm so hungry
and it's like that in-between time so
yeah I wanted to update you guys a
little bit and sorry whenever I left off
yesterday I was so hungry and I was
really tired at that point so don't
really do much last night I wanted to
say that we obviously went to the cinema
the other day and I didn't say what I
thought with the film so let's see 10
Cloverfield Lane and I thought it was
really good
like I really liked the old Cloverfield
film it was totally different celibacy
but I quite liked the way it was shot
and it was very like non-stop you don't
get bored during the film and yeah I
just thought it was quite good it was
quite like a totally different take on
you know the first one so yeah I'd
recommend going to see it if you know
it's worth the watch I don't know I just
love talking about films I'm like what I
feel about them and stuff and and also
which obviously you guys should think
I'd say this first this morning Jason
was actually in a car accident and like
he's fine that the reason I didn't say
at first because he's fine
like no injuries or anything he think
he's got a little bump on his arm
because I think he may be like hitters
so let's hit it off I think you like hit
his arm on something but yeah there's
damage to the car that's got to be like
fixed up but it wasn't his fault the
cars gonna be sorted and thankfully
nothing you know he's fine which is just
the main thing I was I don't care like I
care about the car but I don't care
about the car and compared to him so
yeah so I just want it oh also such an
amazing response to my feminism video
thank you guys
so much I didn't realize how many women
that watch me are so passionate about it
as well and that's so nice to kind of
get you might have quite a community
feeling with everyone supports you know
like so many women supporting each other
about it so that's so good I'm on the
video down below I always forget to link
things but I think the video down below
yeah that's it I'm just gonna I'm about
to edit this floor that's about it
really so thank you guys so much for
watching and I'm just working really
like this Easter I'm not really doing
anything mainly just trying to like
catch up on work I get my hair done next
week I can't wait because it's been it's
looking really rough at the moment so um
I can't wait on Wednesday and yes oh
also my gosh is so I love them my skin's
looking a bit rough today but I'm trying
a new foundation but it doesn't give
that much coverage and yeah I really
like them they're really pretty I think
get the woman's name that did them and
I'm so gutted but it was in there you
guys saw it was it was in Notting Hill
the blink brow bar and she was lovely it
was a really nice experience it's
amazing in that store it's really pretty
and really chilled out and the staff are
really friendly so yeah I'm so happy
with them and now I feel like I want to
get my nails done so I'm just like the
whole package done by next week but yeah
really happy they use silk lashes as
well and awesome I'll see you guys in
the next vlog thank you for watching oh
I made a massive purchase I don't know
when it's talked about in this blog or
not I'll do it the next one I think all
right I might film an unboxing video on
my main channel but I'll keep you posted
okay bye
