hello I just filmed a video I'm in
Jason's office and I said I'm not gonna
come in here and as I considered his
luck because it's nowhere else to sit
let me get a chairs chairs in the
kitchen yeah but they're really hard and
like uncomfortable I got a bus nut
squash avocado fruit salad it's so good
smelling roses earlier oh no it's not
that now I know you're just making me
feel it's a coffee this is a good camera
what yeah I have coffee in that I'm
gonna take you guys into my horrible
messy office this is your camera yep I'm
gonna show you how Samantha has all of
these lovely pictures of herself this is
my new well it's not new I got this a
while ago but it's so good I normally
had everything on my laptop I'm trying
to do everything on my big big computer
so it's bit
yeah this is your vlog the people might
be interested because I have bad back
and bad posture I'm trying to get
everything up and straight anyway
irrelevant you call these lovely photos
that I am editing will stop you from
eating a coffee bean Franklin
good range thanks for making me coffee
it's the afternoon I've been editing my
video today for tomorrow I haven't
really been oh my god that's so creepy
Wow look you see in that window it looks
like there's a little person person wow
it's like a person's arm that oh yeah or
a leg
oh oh yeah someone's yeah it's a person
creep why why are you standing there
anyway it definitely looks like a horror
movie
silhouette um anyway we're about to take
the dogs out we're gonna go on a little
family outing and I'm hoping to like get
across and or something or a hot shot
happen and that's not really
so you guys have been the worst flock
over today yeah you haven't really
missed much I've just been we put a
leave look in the class we're just
leaving to go out for Jason's lovely
mums dinner
birthday dinner so we're on our way to a
birthday mill I'm quite excited for
actually do you mean what the
restaurants called the Avenue Avenue so
yeah I should be really good just not
been a very eventful day to be honest I
think I'm probably gonna join today on
with it tomorrow so I'll try
maybe film bits and bobs I never want to
kind of shove a camera and everyone's
face at a meal but earlier we faced
walked and it's hilarious
hey guys it's Sunday today we're just
we're just like on near top and court
roads today we've decided it's about 1
p.m. actually I'm starting quite late
today but we Jason wants a desk for his
office so we thought we'd come here
because there's loads of homewear shops
so I went for the 5 grain porridge from
Pratt I love this it's so good it's
gluten free as well and I just put some
honey in so in a shop called Lombok this
is so pretty
yeah that's really nice it's just gone
half 9:00 it's Monday morning and I
missed out yesterday but yeah just some
days I think when I thought I'm feeling
not great I'm not gonna look because
it's just gonna be me moaning all day so
I've just got dressed to go to the gym I
haven't been to the gym like since we
got back
no since before we went to the mall no
Mauritius so um oh I think there's got
to be that first day when you go and
it's the first day and you're a bit
groggy about it
ah that was a good session back I feel
like I've had better first sessions and
it was just I didn't have much not
energy but like stamina obviously like I
didn't have much stamina so anyway I
feel good that I've gone and I've done
that first one back at the gym well so
I'm gonna make some coffee now and I've
just been filming some cutaways for a
video that I've got coming up and that's
that's my update yes today's gonna be
pretty much workday Jason's gotten
training I've got rid of my rug in my
room because it was just getting so
stained with makeup I just thought
there's no it was just look dirty so I
just think I'll get rid of here I want
to get a new one so maybe I have a look
online but yeah rub chair I kind of
sorted up okay I know my skin looks like
crap
believe me I've been kind of sorting out
the kitchen a little bit I think it
looks a bit better
these flowers are so pretty and ones
from owning roses that I showed the
other day and yeah I think the kitchen
sitting quite nice that's um mmm god
this is hard oh that's a hanomag sprint
and that is the court board from my room
and I've just um put it in here instead
but yeah quite happy with it at the
moment anyway back to coffee
hi sorry um I can you get across him as
well okay thank you bye hey guys so I
always have a little bit of a chassis
moment so I wanted to talk about the the
fur on my coat scenario so if I lost I
think it was my last look in the
hospital room before so I was filming me
coming out of a meeting and I was
wearing my black coat and then and I
noticed and in the comments you got a
lot of well a few people noticed that
there was dog hair on my coat and so
first thing I want to say that the the
race that like the comment that got the
most done sup was saying was actually a
really nice comment she was being really
helpful and she was just like by the way
like your coat gave you a bit of a
scruffy look you know but she said it in
a nice way but there were comments that
came out it differently and someone like
linked me to a lint roller you know all
the people were just saying that I just
looks just like gross with fur on my
coat and the reason I want to talk about
is because I think with situations like
this like it's such a silly thing
obviously but I think it's a sort of
thing that happens to so many people and
it's it happens about small things but
it also happens about really big things
like in the YouTube world
so using this as an example so yeah I
was wearing a black coat and this black
coat in particular does catch a lot of
this is so stupid it does catch a lot of
like hair and you know it's just it kind
of attracts stuff and it shows up on it
and in real life it doesn't show up as
much as it did on my camera my camera I
have the exposure up one or two points
so the way it looked when I was like
walking around out and about was a lot
more highlighted because of my camera
also I'm not saying that wasn't visible
in real life but and I just didn't
notice it and like the thing is just the
way some people comment things I know
it's some of you probably watching this
video who comment really really like
that as well
so okay so you see something that annoys
you like that you see how in a jack
straight away or like oh that annoys me
or that's something she's done wrong or
I don't know whatever you think and then
you straight to commenting saying that I
don't care about looking scruffy like I
don't know just insulting me basically
we okay take a step rewind a little bit
think about dude did I know that there
was thorough Mike oh no I didn't
actually know I didn't realize until I
came to editing that video because it
wasn't that apparent in real life so
maybe think okay does this but so you
know relating its other thing does this
person actually realize that what you
know whatever is making you so angry or
like feeling like you have to comment do
they actually know maybe they didn't
mean for that to happen maybe it's just
a mistake
the only point where I actually noticed
that was when I was was it just the
floor it was I had just before exporting
my video or after the first time I
played it back on YouTube and because it
just I really wanted to have that part
of the day silly because I was kind of
you know it was linking together parts
of my day and I noticed it only after
like after when I was editing or when it
was up and I thought that's really
annoying like so you know the person
who's filmed that video they're probably
themselves watching back that video also
this can be when so you know someone's
doing a main channel video and then have
a bit of their hairs out like that and
you know sticking out and then all the
comics like a bit of your hair sticking
out it's like they either don't know
about it or they still want to put that
content up for what for whatever reason
for me it was just like oh I'd rather
have a bit of me talking up then not
upload something because there's a bit
of dog hair on my coat listen but I
didn't realize about it just get brings
you to a point as a youtuber way or like
I am always closely closely
apart from this docker looking at myself
in every single scene in every single
vlog and anywhere like it can be I mean
that sounds really like vain but not in
that way in a way that like are people
going to pick up on this or that like
should I show this if there
like something slightly wrong with it
and I feel like it's kind of that's
what's changing YouTube I bet it's the
really small things like that that make
people I feel like it's made me and it's
made a lot of other people very overly
self-aware and I think that's really
it's been really dangerous for my
happiness as well like to be overly
self-aware I don't think we should be as
human beings I don't think it does are
us well mentally and I think it's
healthy
I think it's good to be somewhat
self-aware but I think what are most of
our time should be spent on you know
thinking about things other than
ourselves but doing YouTube you do
become very self-aware and also I wanted
to say and then when I was seeing the
comments and everything and even my mom
texted me and she was like Sana's dog
hair on your coat like it is a bit like
oh no to me it's embarrassing her after
when I saw it I was like oh god like
that looks really I wish there wasn't
hair on my coat and us as youtubers do
get embarrassed about things like we're
not just like oh and perfect like
everything I do is fine you're like
whatever I do I'm perfect they'll have
to deal with it we're not like that I
would really not like it's just like we
already feel embarrassed about things
and then there's comments like are you
it like a dirty slag and it's so none of
us really started it to try and seem
like we have this perfect life and that
way we should be idolized or anything
like that was not the point when
everyone started so just I just wanted
to do a little talk and just to kind of
slow down the thought process maybe and
some with some people anything really
small that you're just like bad and it's
just like
can you stop stop your thought process
or slow it down and think maybe they
didn't know that was there like they're
a normal person okay I'm gonna stop
talking now if this has gone on forever
how long is this seven minutes okay most
people have a go at those peaceful
minute like get cut them some slack
they're a normal person and sorry for
the noise and yeah thank you guys so
much for that you guys that just watch
and you know that this is just life and
this okay I just have to get off my
chest
because I'm going to say this for other
youtubers as well because because even
when we talk about
then we're slated for having a go you
know for having free even mentioning it
so anyway I'm gonna mention it I think
let's chill with the hair on the coat
issues type issues okay right now I'm
just kind of working and what you want
to film the video so I I've got this bro
and it wasn't like a king well it's not
like a kinky broad but it looks kinky
like that so I'm sure I've just tweeted
to see what you guys would like to see
and that's really it so I'll catch up
with you guys in a little bit also do
you like my hat I got it from I'm free
it's from three people and it's so cute
I know lots of you like what on earth
but it's my kind of a trendy thing but
okay I like it
also it's maybe not sure whether to show
you guys packages and things like that
because when I watch other vloggers I
really like seeing what packages people
get my it's like kind of like watching a
haul in a way but the comment yesterday
saying like it just seems like you just
show loads of stuff you get sent and
then I'm like oh like I don't know if I
should show you things or not it makes
me seem no it's cool should i I don't
know anyway I'm going to go see you guys
a little bit so I just filmed a Q&A
video and it was very nice sometimes I'm
kind of more in the mood to film than
others and today I was in a really like
calm and chatty kind of needs so yeah
that should be up on Saturday what is it
today Monday it just needs another cup
of coffee just sat down again today I
know I mentioned but I don't know
whether to show you packages or not but
I have to say a massive massive thank
you because the lovely girls
I believe it girls there might be a guy
there not sure I shot Ian and no a on a
on I think I lick them down below I've
worn some of their pieces before in my
life
so one Simon Eyre paces before line in
my blog posts they do amazing like
prints and structured pieces I love them
always we've got packages there the
postal
try and set up three times fast and one
of them was this massive Hotel Chocolat
books and it had in and I thought I was
from hotel shock rabbit I was like like
heard anything from them like how did
they get my dress and it was from shop a
on it was like a thank you and like
happy like congratulations for new
engagement and a package from them and
it had it has like a shaman little
champagne in and chocolates so thank you
so much I was so surprised and I wasn't
expecting it at all so lovely of them
and I'm just gonna eat some of the they
have so many chocolates in there as well
I'm going to eat some these drinks for
me you'd like for you want a coffee
yeah I'm just doing it now yeah you have
fish shells up anywhere looks something
looks like we did is one that was one in
the freezer
Hussein they make Jason the coffee I
called him a min ago when I was making
my and I was like join me to make you
one because he's out he's out home base
and it was too early and then I sit down
to have my knees like can you make the
coffee now
goddamnit then I'm gonna edit cuz I've
got to get this video to be pulled by a
certain time and date shut up washing
machine gets on my nerves so much
washing machine and dishwasher me loose
movements sound I just can't get over
these biscuits
they're so good it's just so much
chocolate and then you've got the crunch
and it's a really good crunch mmm it's
such a light yet textured crunch why are
you working hmm oh I mean watch the
Chelsea Hamner thing on Netflix off like
her talking about different subjects
it's really good definitely recommend it
Bulldog problems well that's my team
so I've been editing pretty much all eat
afternoon slash evening and we've got
some stuff I'm gonna focus on anyway
yes please you've totally got more
you're not fair no you know you've got
more anyway but I'd rather have the
cheese in the cauliflower
we've got chicken broccoli a cauliflower
gratin business it looks amazing
oh hey guys it's Tuesday it just
literally sitting on me I think it's
around six o'clock something like that
and I just wanted to kind of round off
this vlog because I know it's again been
a little bit erratic
so yeah the weekend went by like a blur
I had a video crop top that I had to
film so most of the weekend
obviously had a bit of relaxing time at
the weekend as well but most of it
honestly was like filming and editing
and so it wasn't that much of a weekend
but we did have a really nice birthday
dinner which I didn't really get footage
off just because you know when it's like
no one there does YouTube so even though
they understand YouTube and they're
really supportive of it it's just you
know it's a birthday ting that's why
didn't anyone want to whack the camera
out and like put it in everyone's face
and like show the food and stuff
frankly what do you want yeah and then
it's just been my all systems go today I
mean yesterday and today so I'm gonna
I've just sat down to edit today's vlog
and yeah let's start again tomorrow with
trying to make it an actual good vlog
like a whole day of a vlog and yeah
thank you guys for watching and sorry
this books been a little bit more
unconventional but it's it can be a
struggle sometimes trying to do you know
chose to trying to do everything and
today like Jason and I had an overnight
meeting together and I've got a lot of
kind of like designing to do as well
which is quite difficult I didn't
realize how difficult like designing is
in so many different ways so you're not
just the kind of drawing aspect for it's
really dope so yeah still getting to
grips Frank has just collapsed of my
class he's so funny I'm just sitting
with my wine look about its massive
isn't it I just we don't we don't have
any smaller wine glasses that's my
excuse anyway sitting with some mini
champagne truffles from the amazing
package that they sent me can she'll
play on and that's it really sitting
with the dogs Jason's at a martial arts
class so yeah got like an hour to myself
and I'm just gonna edit this video and I
will see you guys tomorrow
yeah
