good morning Perkins wake us up extra
Ernie
he never usually does they who's just
like downstairs whining like crying
we're not sure why so Jason got up to
like let him free and let him go to the
toilet but yeah but now he's just here
with me in my room just like chilly
why'd you wake us up Frank
so made myself coffee I'm just watching
and sunny hues on the pool and the
Porchester Sally Hughes I love sunny
huge yeah it's interesting check out
their YouTube channel if you haven't so
I'm just waiting for Jason to get up I
don't think he's feeling that this
morning either so or he didn't get much
sleep so who's gonna make some toast I
need a bit of energy and I need to
choose my outfits for this video as well
peanut butter on toast okay we're about
to head out and go and shoot don't have
much energy so we're gonna go and go and
get something to eat I think before say
that I'm not just standing there looking
really miserable doing the whole video
come on Rose go down Riley go down go on
good boy
so we just sat down for a coffee after
petit and oh my god it took so long
though trying to park here is horrendous
so we're just gonna go out and I guess
and shop
their egos I just jumped out the car and
I've had to I was going to go home first
but I'm going to just get the tube to so
good yeah yeah about 10 minutes need to
have a wee someone TMI there's an old
dog
hallo dog this is one of my favorite
streets around Oxford Street does that
make sense
is so pretty itself Molton Street
oh my god this place is so beautiful
what hey it's so pretty
look guys it's a little engagement wait
I'll just cross out this that was such a
nice little afternoons here oh there's
such lovely girls so I've got something
from Dior which is so I'm really excited
to happen to tax out I've been eyeing it
off in stores so much cuz its new
release so I'll show you guys I see I'm
just waiting for Jason he's right he's
thrown in on it some bike so I'm just
gonna wait till he gets it really
and missed his arrival hey I got the
coolest films
okay just got home we almost died on the
bike little bit it was really fun to
ride height maybe I'll try and still a
bit of footage so I like squeezed us in
between me the curve and this massive
trunk and they were like but I've come
home to this package from Neal's Yard
and it's so amazing
thank you so much the old yard look I've
not seen this before it's the Lummi body
clock iris
wake up light with aromatherapy I've
never seen that before that's so cool
I'm so can't wait to try that out I love
so many Neal's Yard bits already but
look they've given them oh my god it's
got my initials that's so cool it's a
silk pillowcase which is so good for
your hair and your skin oh that's so
good and then I have an unwrapped this
yet but there's some other bits and
forth Oh
nighttime relaxing oil calming temples
south and then I've also got this I love
this product
oh it won't focus it's the aromatic
foaming bath and this is my favourite
ever bubble bath it's just it's because
it smells amazing and this sounds like
an advert but it smells amazing and it
foams so yeah try this out if you guys
haven't and that's that so from Dior I'm
so excited I got em the poison girl
fragrance I'm gonna open it in a minute
and smell it because ah my mum used to
wear poison when I was really young and
it's a really nostalgic smell for me cuz
it smells like her but I know this is
very different it's a much younger and
not as potent sin and then which is so
amazing I've got one of these do your
tribal earrings and this is so beautiful
oh my gosh look at that it doesn't
register on camera it's over I was so
excited to wear it oh that's so sweet
kind of a little engagement present from
them and I just can't believe it this is
so gorgeous so we've got a kind of
pan-asian dinner
from delivery and we're just dishing it
out and then we're just gonna eat low as
it's overexposed I'm wearing my earrings
I got it doesn't look as good what I'm
dressed down and hoodie so eating the
old pastor from two days ago heroes will
look really nice when I'm like dressed
up and stuff
he says I look like Morgan Freeman with
my hair
he doesn't understand okay so we got
crispy noodles what's that oh I see okay
oh and you made me get the crappy noodle
dinner was good I wasn't that hungry
because I have the awesome tea and I'd
rather have had the Elstein and dinner
really but I thought I should probably
eat something I think I'm gonna kind of
work oh my god is 10:00 to 9:00 I can't
believe the time today and I think I'm
gonna kind of burn the midnight oil I
think I'm gonna join today on with
tomorrow because I don't feel like
today's been good enough so yeah I think
I'm gonna do better and it was so nice
to see Victoria today as well I haven't
seen her so long we need to have a
proper catch-up and that's it really for
now I'm just
where's rose hey rose
that's all see you guys in the morning
bye Riley just burped morning guys and
I'm I feel like I feel like the exactly
Annoying robber because and I've not
felt about well yesterday and I didn't
but I didn't really say because I didn't
want to I don't want all these folks to
be like I'm not feeling well today but I
just I don't know it what a cold or
something so but anyway it's about
quarter to nine I've got a meeting at
half 9:00 at burners Tavern which is one
of my favorite places in like
restaurants in London oh my god it's
amazing inside I never really get to
film in there cuz I'm usually in a
meeting in a meeting so the thing
and I really wanna like whip the camera
out and be like oh but all the walls are
filled with like artwork and amazing
frames and things like that so it's
really cool and so that's just off
Oxford Street and also today we need to
go and get something for Jason's lovely
mum because it's her birthday on
Saturday I think so that's it really so
I probably have the sneezing and then go
and see if I can find something and then
I've got a counter appointment at Tom
Ford which I'm so excited for Tom Ford
makeup is just like no words I think
that's me I've got hair up today which I
never usually do but you know those days
we were just like I just can't be asked
like with my hair so yeah should I show
you my outfit my top where's it from
again minxie no minke I haven't worn it
because it's been in the bush for ages
but I really like it it's cool and then
also nice we'll be able to see but I'm
wearing my clothes from J Brand who look
a ballerina
rido I'm going to pack a bag throw a
coat on put some shoes on finish my
coffee and then I'm just gonna head out
to Oxford Street yes I really like my
makeup today my brows look a bit strong
though don't they look like I've just
sharp eat them on Oh lipstick I'm really
annoyed because I've lost I've misplaced
my maxes in lipstick and it was like one
of my favorites I'm gonna put on a bit
of lingering kiss which is really
similar
I don't want it full throttle so I'm
gonna put some lip balm on that's what I
do and I want my lipstick to be with it
softer
it's a bit better oh that's just
probably just where this lipstick does
oh no not that one
also guys I I love this like I finally
won it last night in this morning but I
love the bottom as well today I might
actually go and get the original poison
as well there's just so that could be my
heavier one and this could be my more
daytime one but the New Deal poison girl
I really like it because it's sweet
and girly but that breath but it has
that magnetic scent underneath it of the
original poison just very very subtle
and it's not overwhelming but I love it
because I can kind of smell that in
there so ah I really like it it is so
cold today it's I'm so glad to be back
tre that was such a for puttin a they're
like sardines
so the sweat bonus happiness that is
amazing I can't wait for some food here
we are
people
I love when meeting for like really kind
of down to earth but just like you're
having an alarm so I thought I before my
next thing so I'm just gonna go and see
if I can find a present for Jake's
things mom love you subscribers Wow I
just have self just I had my makeup done
so I was gonna head home now and
so it want to go and sit down and edit
pictures for my blog and just kind of be
in my comfort but
it was really cool to have my makeup
done by Tom Ford and really different
the way he did it was so I could feel
and see the way he was applying and it
was so different to any other makeup
artist I passed so I'm just waiting for
a nuva Wow
so so people why does my hair look so
white what's why is my year so white
it's not makeup in this light so when
people look amazing because they've got
like six layers of makeup book so cool
way that one looks like so instagrammy
sorry guys I don't really see my face
like this much oh it's so cool anyway I
just got home and some sushi and I
picked up edge chopped up cross on for
this Friday and if you meet Sinbad a
week and I got some biscuit so today I
got the lavender shortbread candle Jason
said it was amazing and it is really
good and it's in a way I opened it and
angel food which I love it's so sweet so
I'm gonna burn one or both of them he'll
Oh or link them down below I think yeah
I should be able to link them they're
really good this afternoon have had a
delivery from only roses and they're so
amazing oh my god look at these these
are amazing this is from only roses as
an engagement present and for me and
Jason how oh my god they're like ombre
Rose is they're so beautiful
they're real as well and so only those
down below I don't know if I'll be able
to find these exact ones but I'll link
the website because yeah thank you so
much this is their this is them
so amazing I need to find a massive VARs
now okay so I've just been doing a bit
of editing and which took me so it was
really hard to get into the editing zone
today sometimes it's just hard I think
it's hard when I've had morning in
London and I come back and it's like
weird to start working at this time of
the day because I'm just such a morning
worker anyway
when I was in London I went into total
butthurt well I went into Topshop and
then I didn't like plan to get anything
but then there was a massive sale down
there's a sale or go now downstairs and
I found some things which they're just
amazing so I have to share with you what
I got
I thought usually when I do kind of
these mini hauls in my vlogs you guys
quite like them so I thought oh it's
kind of like a just a quicker haul video
really so oh my god okay so this I know
I have this story for everything where
everyone says that this jumper I saw
it's Topshop mean boutique I don't know
you know it's a little bit fancier of
their range kind of but this okay this
is what the jumper looks like look at
that colour it's amazing I saw this in
there awhile ago it was so expensive
it's originally 95 pounds whores like
Helena I think at the time then I saw it
in a sale it was it was 55 pounds which
it's really good for this it's quite
timeless really because it will go with
denim really well as well so oh so cute
with a white shirt underneath anyway I
got that I also got this really cool
Copenhagen jumper it's super soft it was
only 18 pounds in the sale so I really
loved that such a good travel piece as
well and oh I got some jeans as well
they're in there my bad but I also got
this necklace because look at that but
how gorgeous is this necklace
oh my god I don't usually go for costume
jewelry much but that is so pretty I'll
link all these bits down below they
should hopefully they'll still be
available on sale as well this wasn't on
sale but those two are and then I also
got these jeans which are there in the
cell as well they're these kind of white
leg they're low-rise wide leg jeans I
really liked them I tried them all in
the changing rooms and they're quite
like the legs quite big on me but I
think if I'm wearing something like my
Ulster no my super stars or heels or
sandals I think it will work really well
not as well with boots for me personally
but I think there are quite a good kind
of trend piece and they're cheaper so I
just love the sales I'm so like happy
when you get into the sales early so
that's like
today I also got a few makeup bits as
well and so let me see I'll try and pick
out a few nails that I can show you and
these are just a few bits that I got
today as well I was given these bits so
I'm really excited to try them out I
love sheet masks and these are I think
there's more kind of ceremi which is
really cool access to the serums so wait
to try these those have got some visible
hair ties which are supposed to be
amazing just a few other bits as well
like see art a pieces pieces items this
is like a turquoise or Noah tote that
color lip paint which is really
interesting so I've just finished
editing this vlog and it's quite long so
I thought I'd just wrap up today and
nothing much is going to happen usually
we go to the cinema on Fridays but we
just both quite not good today so I
think we're going to go on some day
tomorrow should be good though because
it's Jason's mom's birthday I think I've
got to work over this weekend as well so
yeah anyway thank you guys for watching
yeah properly think of much more to say
I hope you guys have a good weekend
it'll be the weekend when this goes up
but anyway I hope you having a good one
I better go season the ability to book
ah my lovely sound jumper isn't it cool
I'm so hungry I feel like it in pizza
when I see if Jason is in the mood for
some pizza right I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye bye
