I'm going on a coffee run
we need coffee this morning
Jason's going training I think and I've
got a photoshoot with Michaela and in
Notting Hill gonna meet her at 11 a.m. I
think it's about 9:00 I have got 15
minutes crap I'm always really late
sorry Michaela get a texture in a second
I just always forget to like do my I
don't know I just always brush my hair
and make up for a shoot it take more
time to choose my outfit my again
battery's been on charge that's where I
haven't looked so much today yet but
it's only quarter to 11:00 I'm gonna
take this Heather I'm ready to go
I've got my bag with my clothes I'm
we're gonna shoot three outfits I think
today I might try and film with you of
them as well so it's robbing him lip
balm and I've got a quick you fit the
dogs away and then leave and then it
shouldn't take me like five minutes to
get there it was quite really sunny this
morning but it looks like it's gone a
little bit more dull ah I hope it'll
still be good to film I mean shoot okay
oh my god today we just filled in films
we shot my first outfit and filmed hey
there's a really pristine open house the
cheetah I'm just gonna change it to my
second outfit
shoot in my bag behind the scenes Wow
look at my lips and that's a wrap we
just first shooting it was really really
cold it's one of those days that doesn't
look like it's gonna be cold and then
when you go outside you're like so
if you guys wondering just because it's
so bloody bright I'm wearing max it's
like here we go it's this I think I
think it's quite new it's in fashion
legacy its retro matte liquid lip liquid
lip color and I just put a little bit on
and kind of rubbed it in using my finger
and it's just stuck there it's just like
proper long staying so yeah I quite like
it it's cool
I dunno even its to go straight home I
kind of want to have a little look
around the shots and nothing he'll just
because just because I never get there
there's a traffic warden though mooching
around I don't know if he if I can't
park here or not um what's he doing go
away yeah I always want to have a look
around the shops here on my own I've
never really get to you so I might try
and do that
just went to the shop it's so cute in
there Pat this general store check it
out if you like quirky London things
this is also really cool if you want
vinyls and designer goods and they're
there and still I think they said that
end of April so definitely check out if
you're coming to London and if you want
to go somewhere for like cheaper
designer things and I got myself a both
coat because I've always look for one
that isn't really unflattering and that
is it's a really nice fit I'm really
excited to wear that and they recommend
a coffee plant for good coffees I'm
gonna try it okay before I got in the
car I just also went and got us some
steaks for tonight yeah I'm gonna try
and surprise Jason I never usually like
surprise him with the steak I feel like
is the best sort of surprise if I have
ever unless he's gone and got us dinner
himself anyway I'm gonna head home then
I got editing to do I hope he likes my
steak surprise
I've got a little package let's open it
up oh my god
this is so exciting
yes I've always wanted to try this it's
the UM the hourglass ambient strobe
lighting powder I'll like try and open
up these bits and then show you guys
properly but yeah yeah oh I'll let you
guys know what I think of the rosy bits
as well this is or lighting bronzer look
at that that's so pretty
radiant bronze light it's at the shade
of Italy oh my god I can't wait to try
these say this is the jacket I got em
today and yes it was yeah from by my
wardrobe and they've got a really good
website I want to check it because I
think
wait let me switch around it's really
good really good quality and it's faux
fur obviously so I wouldn't wear a real
fur coat oh yeah so I just done a little
tidy of my room and look at the haha
this is some clean washing and some like
styling clothes that now I need to put
back but also I hung these together
accidentally but I actually really like
that color palette how pretty is that I
want to do like a silver and pink outfit
now so also Jason just called he's on
his way back he's stopping off to go and
get some food to go and get some food
he's gonna bring me back like a skinny
burrito thing like he's gonna get a
normal burrito with a wrap and
everything and I just want it in a box
oh my god it's the best Mexican food hey
guys I left my camera downstairs and
I've been upstairs editing for about I
don't know hour and a half two hours
something like that and I I'm just
having a little bit of an editing break
I've got my video up ready to go up
tonight which is really good I did to
make hot chocolate and that's that
really I feel like we've shown how to do
that before on Jason
we've got a problem
Jason's giving the dogs bones and Ryder
says he's been so excited about this
bone so we don't usually give him brains
because he's he sometimes gets really
possessive and he can be bad he's been
digging in my clothes to try and find a
place to bury his bone we might have a
bone problem Riley what's that you
better not take it bitch
Riley what's that look like walk off
with it
what a nice bone see you thinks I'm
after it now what's that it's about 25
past seven I'm just kind of trying to
wrap up doing work I've just been um
editing since like two o'clock really
and yeah Jason's just making his food
downstairs I call the wrong steaks my
lips really dry I thought that I felt
that he likes sirloins but he likes
Phillips so I got the steak wrong meat
newbie probably not much more from
today's vlog just cuz I've been kind of
catching up with work I still need I
need to start kind of pre filming my
videos for the weeks ahead whenever I go
away it always makes me really back
looked so just chilling with rose and
then I need to like put all those
clothes away so it's not a very very
exciting day what's happening tomorrow
Oh tomorrow I've got already nice
afternoon tea I'm gonna be seeing one of
my friends say yeah that would be really
good and and tomorrow we're gonna be
filming as well for an in cave well a
video from my channel but N&K focused
 themed yeah I don't know whether to
end here maybe I should and if I film
anything else added in but thank you
guys so much for watching I'll try to do
more days that aren't just boring
workdays okay these daily vlogs on dole
but yeah maybe tomorrow as well I'll do
a bit of a Q&A or something because I've
been really wanting to do that and I
haven't
for doing like the deep question of the
day during this month and I just haven't
got around to it so maybe I'll start
doing that but I hope you already well
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
well I on a side note how hilarious is
this literally me every day with someone
says how was it how was everything
anyway I thought I'd show you guys a few
snaps from them because Makeda sent the
pictures over so I thought I'd show you
some of the snaps from today oh they're
so nice she's so amazing oh oh my god I
can't wait to look through these all
they're really bright and nice I just
love bright photography it was so windy
on this outfit let me know if you guys
don't read my blog which it should let
me know what you would like to see if
you'd like to see me do posts on like
advice and things like that cuz I love
just straight-out doing personal Starr
but obviously I love writing so I'm
always up for a challenge anyway oh I
really like these
