morning boys
morning
I is leaving me again
I've got about 200 emails it's half 10
let's see how we go
it's ten past eleven I have just
finished one inbox full of emails which
for the bow so now 150 emails no 100
enter I don't know anyway I'm feeling a
bit rough so bloody I hate this comment
for autofocus so I'm gonna go downstairs
I haven't had any breakfast yet let me
sort this out there we go Oh so I'm
gonna grab something to eat and then
carry on with working and I really want
to film today and I film better when
Jason's out just because it's like I
know no one's inside and like listening
to me film and stuff so I'm gonna try
and film well he's um gone to a
chiropractor appointment this morning
here's little Franklin sleeping sleepy
there's Riley Riley Riley but he sleeps
with his eyes open it's really weird
this is literally what everyone thinks
youtubers do all day I don't know what
to eat
watch me maybe I'll make eggs
a lot of time cheering it's good for you
bit of salt and pepper it's so cold
today I'm done with winter now we're
gonna lightly fry some and spring onion
and then make an omelet a really basic
omelet I think it's too hard Jason makes
the best omelets and very jealous we
went to see um what's it called Hail
Caesar the other day I met their
subscriber at the end of it and I'm
Reese whenever I meet people I'm always
like oh I hope I didn't seem like not
myself or something I we've been
traveling all day since 5:00 in the
morning so I was really really tired so
anyway I just always feel like I have to
be like so if I wasn't like really
really happy um yeah it has anyone else
seen it it was such a weird film it was
really odd it was like watching
someone's dream like it was really
disjointed and odd I think this is done
for you you know have you seen any good
films recently we watched watching
Vikings at the moment cuz the new ones
out coming out every week but yeah kind
of had a loss for good TV shows and
films it's now half 12 I'm gonna go
downstairs and make a coffee because I
still haven't been able to like the
autofocus I still haven't been able to
film anything
I've just finished doing my emails and
I'm kind of rounding up a blog post to
put up from skiing so by the time you
guys see this my blog post should be up
I'm kind of doing a different style of
travel diary blog posts when I go into
places now with kind of infant more
information and very I don't I like
putting it quite simply but just the key
points and what you need to pack and
what you don't need to pack in different
posts and I think I'll link things that
would be good for that type of holiday
as well
yeah but because I don't want to run it
it's really dull today what I don't want
to totally run out of light to film with
and just come on my period
yeah I'm kind of not in the best of
moods but I'm in a good mood but not
like I don't know not like a filming
mood but I'll try I think I'll do I
could get ready with me and maybe I
won't do a talking one I'll just put
like nice music to it ah okay okay even
though the light is a bit rubbish I'm
going to try it and film a video and I'm
not feeling great period why yeah I hope
it goes well I've just got done filming
I films like a daily full face makeup
tutorial I just did not feel my plays a
bit something's kind of perked me up and
I feel that filmed I felt like doing
makeup um not really fashion as much so
yeah you guys'll like it I haven't
really done like a daily face routine
for a while so let's do now I would
usually kind of fit fits in more videos
once I've done a face type of video but
I just don't feel up to it today so I
hope they'll be able to film tomorrow or
the next day or something and that's it
really from me update so I might go and
upload this footage I didn't start
editing look at that file of washing you
got there Frank what are you doing what
are you doing what are you nuts
we don't speak dog language
frickin what's not no head that's a nice
hat don't explain about wasn't a
strawberry like mine
I bought the dog's safety goggles we
could Safety's are born one day I want
to get Franklin on my motorbike either a
sidecar or just want to see or something
so I thought I'd buy them some goggles
so they get used to wearing them I don't
know how to actually put these on their
proper doubles as well oh my god that's
amazing
you look very cool bit too big for him
over I know you've well as you
enough so frizzy get them all I have got
cabin fever because I've been inside all
bloody day like working from home it's
amazing that has so many pros and it's
such a lucky lucky lucky lucky job to
have in that way but it's really you
really get just stuck in a you know
you're just on your own inside all day
and it's just a bit like alright so it's
half five we haven't really decided what
we want put it up and so I've decided to
go out and go and just grab maybe some
food for us to make dinner with or
something I just need a bit of fresh air
I was kind of going mad inside and
having period pains all day like worse
than usual as well so you know being
inside all day with period pains it's
just like oh my god
I've dressed to come outside I'm wearing
Jason's hoodie just gonna go and get a
few basics couldn't really have any
salad bits at home as one of mine that's
something I always want to have in the
house just like salad leaves and stuff
so I'm gonna go there's nowhere to park
so I just went to like this fresh fruit
and veg face I've got a few bits and
then also went to Tesco and I got like
coconut milk so I haven't had that dish
for ages but like bronze rice and
coconut milk and stuff so yeah and it's
really really quick to make so I thought
I'll do that I've got outside I'm just
at like Warwick Avenue kind of area and
I have to say these shops are so pretty
these absolute flowers and home shops so
pretty
baby
I'm just making dinner
and I've just well I just started to
watch age of Adeline and just because
it's on Sky at the moment and I haven't
seen it and we've got no films to watch
so I'm making Thai coconut curry shrimp
and I'm just following my old recipe so
yeah it should be good I've got
everything I need and I think glimmering
Frankie won't like this okay so I've got
coconut oil on the heat and I'm just
gonna add some spring onions
it's spring onions cashews so I think
I'll leave today's vlog there because
that's about all that's gonna happen
already I'm gonna sit down and eat this
and watch age of Adaline and on it you
guys know what you think of it tomorrow
and thank you for watching
yeah really normal kind of day really
just me with period pains I'll see you
guys tomorrow
sorry Frank you won't like it
