morning everyone I'm quite chirpy this
morning which is good I think I'm
forcing myself to be in a good mood so
that I'm get like I get trying to be
good at skiing so yeah I'm gonna go back
on the slopes today and try and just
enjoy it and try and see it as a
challenge so yeah I hope that today
doesn't end with me crying but even if
it does we'll go from there I guess it's
just the steepness that get me it's not
falling it's not the turns it's just the
steepness that really freaks me out
because I just feel like I could tumble
down the hill and die anyway I'm just
making some tea and then we probably go
up to the Miche luxe room and but it's
been messy in here mmm really and I just
went and picked up a couple so yeah
finish up enough time I just like to
share as well because I'm just doing my
foundation and during this holiday I've
been using Estee Lauder Double Wear and
I think it's actually really good for
this type of holiday because you're out
all day I kind of seal it up nice and it
just doesn't budge and yeah because you
don't really you're not really bothering
about touching up or anything it's so
active all day so yeah if you're skiing
estee lauder double wear it's not an ad
so we're just getting ready to head out
and I'm gonna try and wear my anishka
band under my helmet I don't know if it
will work my hair looks quite fitting
but yes okay I'm just gonna get my suit
on back in okay and we're just getting
them some coffees and a little bit of
food
for some energy people throw up
do you feel safe you'd say can you give
away yeah I like the fair dude hey guys
time is it's really something
oh my mouth is numb
not let's do a bit of an update and I'm
back I reckon this gift again for the
bubble I don't have such a good outlet
this morning top of them do you see them
coming down I tried to have a good
outlet to you know like it's good to try
and get yourself a really positive
mindset to then try and be positive for
rest of the day when it's difficult and
like the first steep hill down I just
was falling over the whole time I can
turn not but getting more and more kind
of angry and agitated and I kind of made
it down one long slope but I just think
it was really difficult to turn and I
just kept falling over I don't know why
I feel like the less competent I had you
know my copters kept going down and down
just the longer I was on that side then
wheel and just stopped for like a beer
and just wrap so that make you feel
better as ice really nice to kind of
talk and just come out of the really
negative like
being that Aryan I decided that we're
gonna go with the nursery sites which is
really easy just to get myself used to
turning and just keep doing it just so
I've got turning down because I think I
see me really I get worried that plenty
else will update so if that's boring
and yeah that's super meaning I just
want to get better and they're not going
to be miserable for us at the time and
I'm just trying to be close to it's
quite hard day oh my god it's so hard to
see anything it's really really funny um
so basically we all met each other down
and bottom like after when I was coming
down the lift and the other guys off
it's like so look I want to go on my own
and just practice on the nursery slopes
because I think it's the only way that
I'm just not going to be Moody it's just
if I get a bit better and feel more
confident and I hate being the only one
in the group that's not as good I don't
like being felt sorry for so I'm just
going to go and practice really and I
it's really weird it kind of been a good
learning curve about myself
because he's escaped because in
situations like this you kind of learn
about yourself and I'm I just rather be
on my own and just be in my own head and
just get better so yeah I'm quite
solitary a lot of the time okay
I've just got to the top of the nursery
slope because it's quite late in the day
it's really quiet so it's actually
really nice and it's really nice weather
I went and bought these glasses as well
just now because I was like my glasses
are pissing me off my feet comfortable
glasses why I need everything to be
comfortable and then I can do I can do
it I don't like this look because this
is like the but the end of quite a
difficult slope for me anyway and so
they all kind of come bombing down past
this nursery smoke but anyway really got
about an hour until they start closing
for skiing so hey guys they're gonna try
and just just get a bit better
the first one I even iPhone annoying
it's like it is an only a tiny bit seat
by like had a stopped and like a little
oh god I just don't want to do this and
then quite the less see if it got I was
fine and I feel like it's easier if you
don't go in reading horizontal lines but
go like wait yeah so not straight across
a bit more diagonal and then the turns
kind of come in a bit easier okay let's
try again
come on confidence kickin it took about
twenty twenty two years for average
confidence for general life manner
I didn't stop it's really just to get in
the seat bit I was just a bit slower but
yeah okay the second ones already a bit
better I hear a lot better I went round
like snow ten to fifteen times and I
made myself corn steepest fit because
everyone all the other guys are going on
like bloody steep bit so I drop it just
dude steepest bit I can do try and get
good and I think cause I came in the end
so I'm gonna go and meet them oh good so
hard to breathe and at their dislike
party II bar place and tryna rocks with
it even though I kinda want to carry on
and just get good its restating I can
see why people start like 9:00 in the
morning dog friend
oh hey guys so I didn't really properly
vlog tonight I mean you've only seen me
stroking a dog we all came back after
skiing and then our we went to my room
in the neighborhood but we stopped by
the awesome party place but it was kind
of mental and didn't have we didn't have
much time before like catching the last
I was a letdown so we don't say that for
long otherwise I would have loved that
yeah and then came back and then just
went out for some figs we're all
starving and I didn't really have any
lunch I had a bar Snickers so it's just
been a bit of a chilled evening really
and just we've all not got much energy
state it's been quite an intense day
because the weather it was so windy
today and yeah came back been doing a
little bit of editing and that's it
really gonna go and have a shower and
crawl into bed and read my Kindle thank
you guys for watching I don't know if
this will be a joint joint flog or not
but if it's not I hope you guys have
liked these looks so far sorry if
they're a little bit I know you guys
Tommy's not say sorry but I don't like
it when things aren't consistent and
when they don't make sense and they
haven't totally been this holiday so
yeah okay also thank you all for your
lovely comments on my like crying look
you're all so so lovely and my
understanding may by hey everyone it's
the 10th today and it's our second to
last full day here and Jason and I have
already been ripped half breakfast and
then we were like taking a few shots
around our surrounding area cuz it's so
beautiful and like we want we're going
to get some good shots before we go
because it always like the week just
disappears really quickly so yeah and
we're about to head out I've just got
gear DUP for skiing and Hannah have
already gone up so we should be seeing
them when we're up there hopefully I'll
get a little bit practicing before we
meet them and that's it for the update
really today I know this is interesting
to anyone but these are my ski boots I
love how they look that awesome and
they've got this faux fur lining they're
so calm
P and we got them heat molded to our
feet as well so yeah if you're looking
for some good foods I like these I've
decided to leave my camera in the locker
it's really really heavy and I feel like
I need them to me when my ski suit so I
might may not be doing loads of update
step there the hoods of updates say well
skiing but they kind of the same thing
just me being like we just went down a
slope and we're at the top to say an
idea oh yeah
so I've got a GoPro with me though so
hopefully I can get really cool footage
on that and I'll see you guys later when
I pick my camera
everyone stealing a phony flog because I
just wanted to update that I'm feeling
so much better today and I I just had a
little bit of apprehension at the first
steep bit that we go down to start the
slopes and then I was to the voice in my
head I was like shut up shut up
and I just went down so yeah I just
feeling like I'm getting the skill down
a lot more today and I'm really glad
that I actually looked my like low point
because it's really nice to compare and
and hopefully to give people hope if
you've hated it as well in a situation
that it does everyone says it gets
better and at the time you're like shut
up but it does last one that we just
done me and Hanna just came down
together Jason and Sarah at the top
getting like time-lapses and stuff so
we're just at the restaurant bit and
then we might go down or I might do one
last one I'm not sure really positive
day today we're back and I'm so glad
that I feel loads better today oh I
thought I would but there was a little
bit of me those didn't know if I would
definitely be good or not Jason and I
are just going to go quickly over to the
shops near where we're staying and yeah
then come back and then we're having
dinner tonight at Hannah and Steph's
which is going to be really nice it's
really nice to have home-cooked food
sometimes and I think it's just like in
a curry hi Jason's getting some snaps
I think we got some really nice photos
earlier so I'm really excited to look
back at them and yeah they'll be up on
the blog and probably my Instagram thank
you
can you guys spot the car because that's
making dinner we thought we'd then bring
them a bottle of red wine because they
like red wine so we're just having a
look we got some champagne and we found
some plastic flutes as well so we're
gonna be like partay we're gonna
Surprise them 6:00 in the morning on the
top of March and we've just woken up and
to get ready go and get the sorry of the
license so rubbishes there's no light
who's it's dark outside still we're all
going to go and get the coach to the
airport and I didn't vlog yesterday just
because it was just gonna be the same
thing so I kept saying you know like
what the mountain we're down the
mountain so I feel a petkin vlog again I
can kind of look again normally from
here just for clearly didn't want to
kind of keep being repetitive and it was
our last day I was really good on the
slopes that day I like went all the way
down you know the bit on the ski lift
where I was crying and I said they're
all going down there I did that on my
lot for my last run so I'm so kind of
proud of myself and it's been such a
nice trip like thank you to Crystal
skiing for having us and it's just been
so amazing doing this holiday that the
mission at Hannah's death and Gracie
because we just relate to them so much
and it's just really nice to go with
really good friends this is my suitcase
and I'm just gonna shove the last things
in and get dressed
oh my god I'm so tired
our flights that I think around 11 a.m.
and then we get into England around
midday something right now and then I
think we're gonna go to the hi Davidson
just because Jason needs a part he's a
bachelor for his bikes his bike
scratching his death I can't wait when
I'm at home I can upload all my vlogs
and then just be up to date which will
feel so good anyway I'd better go
everything got about 10 minutes until I
need to meet them downstairs at
reception and then we'll be on the coach
we just checked in smile flight excuse
me so long and we almost missed check-in
yes we're just waiting
then I'm pretty hungry so anything to
eat and they're just being on the plane
I'm like we're even are you okay let's
go Gracie's not been very well so bless
him he's tackling a cold there's no air
to set this Airport is so full
these are moving so I grabbed another
bag and I'm craving Pringles this week
look much more then I'm sorry five
minutes they said I can use history so
that's why I wasn't prepared today race
is learning helicopter
the staples bean ears looks so cute on
him
finally we just got to our car five two
three
oh my god we're supposed to be here solo
ago yeah and so I'm Slade brain-dead so
I'm not gonna be good okay but yeah we
haven't really eaten any proper food or
anything all day so yeah anyway we're
headed to the holiday Vicent garage now
bricks I know it sounds a bit nuts
and but yeah we're going to try and get
some coffee or food or something and I
would go ASAP ya know the guys how did
you feel
I'm really tired my face is really party
if you're sad to leave from Thomas
feels very sad to meet them we were
really zoned out as well leaving each
other so I feel like I wanted to have
more energy and like say bye properly
but we look like zombies
