hey guys do hide voices it's a 15 and
today I took what usual energy because
as I was telling you guys yesterday I
just not been feeling well I've had like
a sore throat and everything and then
today it's kind of is upping my energy
but we're on our way to go and get all
the food that we need for Indies party
which is going to be tomorrow which is
really exciting and kind of any other
last-minute things we need for it but
yeah mainly it's pooter we're headed to
MLS but as loads of traffic I also got
this terrible cold
by that mom because my mind is just free
today
but my cold is like not free there are
an MS first thing in mold way
so now we've got a cake some picky bear
sausage rolls in there
we're back in hobby craft getting a few
bits for her birthday cake
we found this sparkler candle that
should be so fun we ought to a subset of
like fireworks and spot though if I
think Oscar is crazy busy in here
crazy long time it wasn't that money but
we're picking up a few other bits we got
some sushi expire which is a bit random
but
India you help in it's the morning of
energy policy and gonna like I like my
voice
that's how am i oh my god I may be but
it gets better
like that's the morning goes on I think
I just have to talk more excited oh my
god what is this mommy's voice is gone
she's like I don't care I got my
cheering this bitch hey Andy sorry about
my voice but we're prepping for our
party and this is our little playpen we
hardly ever user because she gets bored
so quickly and oversee refers to play
with us this morning she wanted to go in
and then here is actually in Dee's
birthday present
so she's got it a little bit early and
we have got her a few other bits like
smaller bits as well but then if it's
more for us or for her we're hoping that
she'll love playing in it and everything
like as she grows up
it's so cute we found it on Etsy
and wheat it's sagging a little bit we
need to straighten up a bit she doesn't
actually noticed it yet because she's
more excited about this at the moment
they always like to be a party
thank you excited for the party
just about bazaars land so last night we
did loads of prepping for the party and
I was gonna just kind of look loads more
things but I was feeling it so rough I
just didn't really feel like looking so
we got a helium chemist err and we're
gonna blow up some of her balloons she's
sliding first we're gonna do her number
one which I think we're gonna put
outside yeah this is how the tables
looking at my own last night I painted
some letters that spell out Indies first
and then they're gonna go up here I've
got party hats party bags like plates
ready for when we put food out and stuff
and then we've got these little chalk
boards as well from Tiger which already
keeps Indy ready for your party you and
Frank got your hats on Indies having a
little bit of a Barney I put her down to
have a nap and but I just thought I'd
show you guys quickly my hat more kind
of my outfit I've chosen to wear this
dress because I feel like the color and
everything goes with the theme of the
party which is kind of like snow snowy
icy narnia snow land II yes so this
dress is from guest ders I love it I
haven't wanted that much but I really do
like it and it works really well for
today okay so it's about 15 minutes
before the party and we've done some
snowflake trail
and then this is a Narnia door we've got
playpen TP and this is the main row we
need to get rid of all this stuff but
this is the main room whoo people come
out through here and then here's the
table please
party hats party bags all the food
cupcakes so it's all going really well
it was a few more people to come you
guys CND the parties think I don't fill
it well now and I haven't had a chance
to do any updates or anything trying to
get as much footage as I can but also
you know chat into everyone and
everything so yeah I get enough it I
might ask someone to get some bits for
me I had an outfit change because this
is just so much more practical just like
a top and jeans and then I've got
pockets for all my multiple cameras
oh one at a time well I hope you guys
like seein Indies party it was so good
it was such an amazing day it was just
so nice let's see everyone celebrate
with everyone and I don't know if anyone
that when is watching this video but
thank you so much for your presence as
well and just for coming in D was really
good as well in the way that I thought
it might be a bit too overwhelming for
her like so many people in the house and
everything but she was fine didn't have
any meltdowns or anything she like took
it all on the chin she seemed to really
enjoy it as well so you're just such a
nice day
just made me really happy as well it's
the cutest thing ever huh and then
obviously it's her birthday actual
birthday on the 21st so we still got her
actual birthday to come but yeah I hope
you guys liked this vlog don't forget to
subscribe give the video a like if you
liked it and we'll see you hopefully
tomorrow bye
