hi everyone sorry for the lack of
communication yesterday we had like a
whole day of travel kind of and I just
didn't have much energy and everything
so today's our first full day in
Baldur's air and we've just woken up a
little bit jet-lagged even though would
I not check like just really tired from
it today today I'm gonna have some ski
lessons as well because I don't I think
I need that before I do proper skiing so
jump in a shower and then get ready and
I'm really excited these mountains here
are amazing they've just got ready to
head out and I'm wearing my this is a
Topshop snow ski suit I really mean I
get the hood we're kind of running late
we had a ski lesson but this morning
which we didn't know about what
something so I'm also not sure if I'm
gonna be able to bring my camera with me
because I've only got these small
pockets and then bulges out so we'll see
how the footage goes but if not I'll
update you guys later on
yeah amazing because they need to get a
SIM card so that we can upload while
we're here it was a problem you might
get bite D or something
obviously I'm not got much footage once
a time very soon as I wake tomorrow
I saw myself fool who felt very sorry
what I hunt right now for this shot I'm
just blogging and we've only got like 20
minutes or so until everything shut so
we meet this internet oh it's so pretty
here at night look man on a mission it's
like Christmas
if you're from what more Christmas comes
skating after Christmas there's so many
shops here as well hmm yeah I need a bum
bag
I need a bum bag for my camera we found
it he wants to get this stuff from this
ski shop I'm not gonna run anymore I'm
so tired today focus so I just found
like a back bum box it goes wrong while
I'm skiing and oh my god I'm so unfit
let me keep it at the back so yeah what
else did we get we also need some more
ski socks it's probably really boring
just off hunting for ski wear I really
want to creep
I can't believe how expensive everything
is here I really like these pajamas but
buttons but they're 60 65 euros in the
same four just like they would have cost
about three to five euros to make
50/50 potatoes bread cheese wow that is
the best dipping what I've ever seen
it's really cheesy
dipping more
that was nice that was unusual
what kind of unusual but not because we
stuff the cheese on a lot just not in
that format we're gonna head home now I
think I kind of want to creep though and
then that's that's pretty much it for
today this is this place with the
outside it's pretty
morning it's day seven I've just made
breakfast for us and we need to leave
actually we don't have that long and yes
we're gonna get up as soon as possible
the slopes
I just made some scrambled eggs and I'm
a car they were smoked salmon yeah I
like my parish shocker
we go to the top of the mountain all
together and then but to come off the
ski lift
we Matt's then go down like what was
gonna be an easy slow it was basically
like a Rev Run which is quite like
intermediate so quite difficult for me
everyone else is down like Jason has
helped me their most away and I just
kind of had a freakout and just was so
scared because it was like that's deep
good
I still feel all like shaky from it yeah
I'm not put off totally I think I just
need an easier run oh it's so funny I
got to the very bottom and I was just
like you know we're just done with
something I was like oh my god huh and
what if I do I think I stopped and went
to try and take my boot off one ski and
I fell oh you know in films are like
they just have a total freakout
how you feeling today you know a bit in
the way you and your own as well used to
like functioning without yeah my
comforts and coffee and stuff yeah it's
really intense wrong time
so up here this is what we just came
down and I thought if it looks deep but
it's tasty
and I got to that there then I was like
no so I'm doubling up with a coffee and
also a beer to kind of calm my nerves
they're gonna counteract each other
there maybe
hey what's that
I got me excited I'm enjoying this and
it is so beautiful up here
it just doesn't even look real it looks
like a computer game yeah crazy so we
had a bit of lunch and then like went
back up the same slope that we did
before but I just I found it so
difficult it's really difficult kind of
being the only person in the group piece
of shit so just going down wait
I need you don't cry I really missed you
it's just so annoying like nothing like
not being able to do something it's also
not being I don't know obvious I just
need to learn I'll be better any
practice but I don't enjoy it and I
don't hopefully by the end alone they
don't enjoy it and I'll be like oh this
is why for an update but Mike Pottsville
just go slower and I'll just be doing
Snape out cuz I'm just such an I just
get bored and just don't it doesn't
accelerate me I don't know if anyone
else is like that it's also difficult
because everyone around you is like
going for a unnoticeable I just
I don't know I don't know if it's for me
it's sowing likes its proper day in and
I don't want to just sit around all
holiday but I really don't enjoy it I
don't know
I love the scenery but I just rather sit
somewhere enjoy the scenery then just
keep turning around topic keep turning
and turning on the hill
I just wanted to vlog not because I
always like have learned about skiing
that's the kind of look how I'm feeling
see if any of you guys have felt the
same before and if you felt that I'd
learned this and then really loved it
and what made you love it because I'm
struggling so they're all skiing down
next I was gonna come back with me
because you don't want me to go on my
own but I was like no no I'll just like
the de-stress and detangle and we're
flying with people if you like that it's
called that to keep like pretending that
I'm okay anyway yesterday should be good
and yeah just wanted to have a little
self look which is quite useful as a
vlogger you can kind of look back at
points of your life say here's a point
this is the view it's amazing it's so
amazing here I feel a lot better now I
have time to kind of decompress and we
were like chilling for a little bit and
now we've all just not ready to go and
have some dinner and then give it a
little overlap we're gonna go up with
some dinner and then probably come home
and chill yeah I love my English Caban
don't go really read I don't catch much
hmm we also got this candle yesterday
which we have at home as well weirdly
enough and they sell it here but then we
forgot that we didn't we don't have a
lighter so it's just been sitting in
here for a day
we just made it somehow finding
somewhere to go so I'm great Wow look at
these hot chocolates
thank you Wow
