morning is about half 10:00 and I'm on
my way back up to Selfridges today but
for a lot more of a kind of normal day
yes and it was so good and yes so today
I've got a meeting at midday but before
that I made some more Flair from flood
force we're gonna have a bit of a
chinwag and we've got something quite
exciting career up so yeah it's all
about that really
and also we haven't seen each other for
ages we went to to buy it to blue we
went to Dubai together last year seems
like ages go now yes so just can I have
a little catch-up probably over coffee
or something and then after that I'm
gonna have a look for some thermals
because we're going away tomorrow I just
still haven't got thermals so I'm gonna
see if I can find any and maybe some
euros and then head home and do some
work so I will catch you guys probably
when I'm at Selfridges or when I'm
having coffee honey same boots like
three days and every day I keep telling
myself not to 11 because I keep hurting
my toes
but I put them on again when I left the
house these shiny boots which I loved
but they're really hurting me
just got back home I didn't really say
nuns and too much I've just got some
thermals and for once out she just got
what I was supposed to get before coming
home and just came home
Jason's popped out to go and see his mum
because we're gonna be away over
Mother's Day so he's gonna go and see
her quickly and and I wanted to show you
guys these stickers I got okay I got
some more stickers but come out so you
love wait wait wait they're so cool I
got some from skinny-dip and one more
from Topshop this cupcake one and this
unicorn month one skinny dip and we put
them on the back of my laptop because
I'm like building up the sticker
collection and now I've just got a to-do
list really I've got to get on with
editing and stiff and and then we got a
pack so I'll try not to keep saying the
same things and repeating myself but
I'll probably catch up with you in a few
hours because I've got a lot to do and
it was so nice to see flown as well I
didn't go to get much footage just
because because I didn't seen each other
for so long it was so like we were just
catching up non-stop so it was hard to
kind of stop and like get footage and
stuff but oh my god we're doing
something so exciting in April I don't
know if I like should say yet or
anything but it's so exciting I can't
wait it's gonna involve a trip so yeah
I'm really happy at the moment I'll show
you guys the stickers when I put them on
my laptop oh and if you wondered my
shirt is from Topshop oh actually
especially my outfit today
my shirt is from Topshop I don't know if
they still sell it jeans are a sauce and
then I was wearing my pink ASOS coat
which I'll try and link below if it's
still there and they're my black shiny
shoes from Topshop yeah i felt quite
spring today it was quite nice alright
finished I love it
I've been filming and then I was I've
been editing I'm still everything but we
ordered some food for you or so it's
just one of our favorite places
I'm cold that's why wait
I can't be champion season it's and so
when I went to Catholic Airport and oh
my god why I just feel like death right
now because we need we'll only got bad
our obviously and it didn't really get
any sleep but also is pitch black so
yeah we're really excited and we're
gonna meet the shacks at the airport and
we can't wait to see crazies okay then
we're off to rapid change
we piped on time to the airport which is
really unusual yeah we're just making
patterns and so on very nice jumping
