hi everyone so this is later in the day
but I notices at the beginning of the
vlog and what you're about to watch is
me and my mum going to a today have been
see an amazing a Mother's Day treat day
kind of pamper day so I just wanted to
give a little intro to this vlog so it
makes some sort of sense and not just
jump into like a random clips so yeah
roll the footage
and it's just on the shop floor but it's
got these just kind of hidden a little
bit as well
very good
being explained
they use such nice products especially
zakat 51 where she was taken down and
this roller
does this amazing election lifting
machine I know I'm like breaking out hey
so you just finished thank you so much
trying to your later as I hit like thing
mom look so glum
it's kind of party but speaking of
notice while we've been here because
it's kind of been like some we've been
having they've had a special Mother's
Day Selfridges potatoes I'll kind of
explain a bit more about that later so
nice we just picked some Daniel Calvin
we had our hair done and oh my god like
it's lovely touch her hair like
completely recut and everything it looks
amazing
we're just in the corner so we've just
finished our details so good it's
probably the best ones like hard to
build yeah now I'm just gonna keep it
with my floor I'm gonna try and do a
blog post on a place today
really
my house it's here are you ready
this place is such a good day I'm tired
now
weird leave and that was like a really
really nice pump a day
yeah my mom's got home and Jason I've
just ordered Nando's and yeah it wants
to talk a little bit about it it's just
I I just wanted to share as well what
you guys can go and do it Selfridges
over Mother's Day because it's really
nice what they're doing on Mother's Day
you can go they'll be like handing out
Prosecco there'll be a lot more samples
and everything if you if you're around
the beauty department and Selfridges so
you can you know try out a lot of new
things and kind of chat about brands
that you may not have been to before and
things like that and it can just be a
nice kind of day out with your mum but
got the afternoon tea at the corner was
so good so tasty I definitely recommend
it it's quite small in there so try and
book a table if you can I'm not sure if
it's walking or if you could book but it
was really really nice to kind of treat
my mum as well because she's just had an
operation on her hip as well so yeah it
was nice for her to kind of get out the
house and have a bit of a you know be
treated really nicely and everything so
yeah I'll put any information down below
if you guys need it I'm also going to
write up a blog post on our day to day
where there'll be a bit more information
as well I had my makeup done it's worn
off a little bit just because it's been
quite crazy today and I had my hair done
and also had my makeup done by Sergio at
Charlotte Tilbury and he was so nice
really friendly and just did such a good
job there's a lot of new things
happening there as well they're redoing
a lot of their departments so if you
have minun for a while it's called go
and check out their new digs and yeah
and I think I'll kind of sign off here
we're just gonna get some food and then
I've got tons and tons of editing to do
because I should have been home hours
ago to do this editing and I haven't
done it yet and I feel I know I always
say that bye
it's just life sorry just kind of
chilled Simon you seem yeah I'm just
adding my vlog
because I haven't seen Jason stay much
at all so I just want to chill together
a little bit for me we'll try and watch
a film and kind of relax
oh I got you like my nails I like it
when there's something nude it's such a
bit of a gray nude though also I put
down below where everything I was
wearing today is from as well just so
you know this is the November night
Dakota Dakota and I've just talked to
ends it's a t-shirt dress but went
really well with these flared jeans I'm
wearing thank you so much for watching
also I'm trying to do Dane I'm trying to
do this daily already failings I'm
already behind and I'm sorry I'm gonna
try and catch up with myself so just
bear with me because this week it's been
absolutely nuts and we're going away on
Saturday so then I should be able to
daily vlog and be more consistent and it
will be a lot more kind of interesting
you know I'll be doing one will be with
mich lakhs which is really exciting so
yeah I will catch up myself
and thank you guys for watching my
battery's dying so that's a sign okay Oh
