hi everyone so it's the first of March
and I've decided to vlog every day or
you know I'll do my best to make it
every single day if I can't some day I
would like put that day into another day
unless I'm having like a mental
breakdown I'm just getting over the flu
that I sound gross so we've got I have
looked for ages it's weird like you get
kind of shy about looking in public
again I've had a bit of a stressful
sorry I'm like not concentrating I was
crossing right I've had a bit of a
stressful morning
I've just had so many young but so many
emails at the same time like to kind of
family things to deal with and things
like that and I'm going while we wait
two strands for a lunch anything and to
be honest I'm a little bit anxious as
well so it's like a mix of stress and
anxiety and yeah just thought I'd tell
you the truth I should be on time
anxious or something I kind of feel like
my wait time and it's like the
subconscious be on purpose but really I
know I shouldn't be wasting time it's
really weird and then I kind of find
myself rushing to get somewhere but so
annoying anyway I'll catch up when I met
over afterwards
so let me forget really well and yeah as
usual I was silly to be worried about it
I always do that so now I'm just on my
way to go meet Jason we're gonna go you
grab the coffee I've had a cocktail when
I'm gonna go into Glee which is my
management so I'll explain the events of
today latex on terrible at vlogging
and the first day but I found this we're
in hey was just saying I'm such a second
home where when we yeah we're going to
M&S like let's go and get some chicken
but we passed the home stuff and we're
like isn't it cute they look nice and my
filming background it's nice
all I want or is it
you know just look tender I change my
mind now I like this fast so back I'm
feeling a little bit drained because I
don't I don't know I just must know I
feel like I always keep going on about
this bother that I've got with flu or
something but I keep waking up in the
morning and thinking I'm oh I'm a lot
better than yesterday and then by the
time it's a few hours more into the day
then I start feeling really rough huh
it's like it takes a lot to be talking
for long and just everything you know
like anything that takes energy that
keeps some kind of draining me so yeah
we got back home obviously we're just
about to feed the dogs
I got few packages as well so I thought
I'd do a little bit of a package opening
and I hope you guys don't mind let me
know if that for this year or if you
think it's like look cool that's about
it I don't think we'll be doing that
much today cuz they're just really a
little bit of rough but yeah earlier
well so I had the meeting then I went
into gleam then after that we yeah I
mean that's basically it we were in
there for quite a while and just came
out and then we were gonna go in some
shops and then just got too tired so you
just come back home and that's it really
I mean I could also show you guys what
we've got I got this bars for hopefully
for my filming background hey Frank I
think it's really nice I don't know it's
kind of my vibe and then we just got
like this is the dinner we've got some
chicken and Pesta we feeling like pasta
tonight I'm so it's like this look for
the wall and wait up here there they
used to when we viewed this place there
was a clock there and they took it with
them I guess so we have been looking for
a decent cop spur up there and we found
this one in MLS home so it's really
really nice we liked it so hopefully
that will look good and I'm just gonna
like watch some vlogs and feed the dogs
are you hungry are you hungry it's about
10 to 10 and
and I I was gonna kind of flop more
tonight and just try and catch up with
you guys and kind of fill you in on just
life like general life or everything um
but because of this bug thing that Jason
and I have had I've just got no energy
and I just I think I just need to let go
and have a bath and relax and I just
don't have it hit me like talk much it's
so weird but I'm I've decided that I'm
gonna add today today on to tomorrow
because I'm not happy with today it's
not good enough so thank you thank you
guys watching today and carry on
watching for tomorrow this is where they
don't usually say this but anyway
thought I'd end today somewhere and I
hope you'll like my trying to daily vlog
this month
look at my weight red nose god
so today I've got a meeting that tellin
ya it's about 3:20 past 9:00 right now
on Charlotte Street so I'm headed there
and then afterwards I've got a few bits
and bobs to be pups were going away on
Saturday which is so exciting
and I hope that I'm fully better by then
should be and I'm wearing my Anoushka
headband have a look around the shops
but I bet I mainly need to get back home
to start I need to edit two videos one
video showing up later today and another
one for a Saturday so yeah I don't need
to pre-record for next week going in I
need a tissue I don't feel very well
yeah I did pretty going it wait right
come on over the end
what there's a game what do I do oh look
out there so meet think that Charlotte
Street Hotel it just so you I love it so
much
I try and get some shots of it so just
walking up to it now look at it it's oh
my god it's so pretty
shabih not as pretty on camera over
it's gorgeous come here if you ever
wanted to do a cute outfit shots of me
where's the dog where's the entrance
which are these drawers okay entrance
just come at the meeting and I've got
some Aveda bits to try I'm really
excited I learn more about the brand as
well which yeah they've got this massive
Institute in Holborn and I always walk
past it and I didn't realize like you
know what's on offer there so I'm gonna
go there I think one day soon I'll be
really good and they have a spa
downstairs and everything yeah but I
just love learning more about brands and
the history of brands and where they
started but I just find it really
interesting I've got a pop - Urban
Outfitters become a beanie for Jason
because he wants this blue beanie and
then I probably had time I've got some
other thing to do
I've decided so I don't know if you guys
saw my video on my most one items but I
love the black version of this jumper
from American Apparel
so I've need it in white so I wanted to
go for medium or large
I got it medium I love my black ones
the travel essentials because we're not
going to have much hope we go away and I
don't think we're going to like be able
to do it
shower cream body butter eat defendants
Shampoo
oh my god I think I need this just
tighten up the coffee for us before I go
home
Coffee run
I just got stopped by stylist
back at home and I just thought give you
guys a little update because I got home
me and Jason Jason oh no not Jason guy
caught up a little bit and I had
something to eat because I was really
hungry
it's about - it's about half - I can't
believe the time already and so I got
some bits today I thought I'd show you
guys what I got kind of a little haul
and yeah just a few cool bits that I've
got recently in general maybe if that's
interesting
and then I've got I've got a bit of
filming to do so then I probably have a
few hours where I don't look and then
maybe later on I'll kind of do another
little catch-up and also Diana from PT
zombies said that she's logging every
day this month as well so yeah check her
channel now I can't talk check her
channel check our channel out I love her
so much I'll link it down below um is
there anything else that I could update
you on I'll show you what I've got a top
shot this is the best thing oh I love it
so much okay wait I really get so messy
so quickly so in Topshop right basically
so I'm gonna go in a bit of a ramble now
but this jacket okay I got from look at
the shine look at that it's so amazing
I've got it from Topshop and what
they're talking about so I saw this in
Topshop like the other day it was quite
expensive so I was like I wouldn't get
it I put it back then I went back here
and see if they had it because I want to
do a video on trends and they didn't
have it and I was like I caught someone
who worked at top shelf and I was like
excuse me there's this amazing bomber
jacket do you still have it blah blah
she they were all sold out but they were
like one or two back in the stockroom or
something so she went and there were
only one in a size 6 in the size 12 and
I was like I'll try on the 12 the size
12 because it's a size 6 was too small
and I loved it so much
oh god it's overexpose so it's a silky
kind of embroidered Japanese start it's
got this Japanese it says Japan it's got
this oh it's amazing like this applique
a design it's so soft it's so well made
and also in its reversible so
shit look a lot better like you know
shot properly in good lighting because
this is kind of hard to show you but and
then that side it says Japan and it's
got a tiger it's amazing you love it so
much anything is it as 85 pounds so it's
it's that's what put me off at first I
was like that is expensive
but it's made so so well I'm so happy
that I went back and found one
and apparently oh is in a name wrong but
Olivia Palmeiro so who said that wrong
she wore this or one really similar
recently and I reckon that's why it sold
out so quickly and I've got some other
bits Wow
I got the American Apparel fisherman's
knit jumper in what it was in the main
section I don't want to dip it in the
women's section because it's such a good
piece but and then I've got this metal
badge from Topshop it's this tooth it's
okay I just I either want to put that on
the jacket or on like a denim jacket or
maybe my leather jacket or something
postal else q I'll link all these things
down below in case you know you want to
get them or if they're available
I'll put with an X down below and also
these stickers aren't in here because I
cut these really really cute stickers
and I put them on my laptop and I'll
show you look and I want to build up the
stickers on my Mac but they're these
kind of soft and 3d stickers you can't
probably tell but they're yeah so one
says miss London Pizza s obviously
you're not blind but I don't know I
think they're really cute now Jason's
gonna get stickers for his so huh um oh
there's a dog outside my door hello what
are you doing out here
you put swing around
yeah so this is pretty much my room on
the daily look how messy is and major
major mistake getting a bloody
cream-colored car picks it's so so messy
now anyway undergoing works watching
Casey and working
