squats hey nice so as you probably see
I'm not at home I just I stepped up
steps into this room and I just have to
look I brought my brought I brought my
vlog camera with me just in case I kind
of felt like vlogging because I was
feeling like usually when I have events
and things to go so I do get anxious
before them so I never feel like filming
just before both brought my camera in
case I wanted to film today and I
definitely wanted to look at this okay
let me turn you around explain where I
am so it is what day is it Thursday it's
about 6:00 p.m. and I am at the Mondrian
Oriental in London and I'm here for a
Karen's event and it's just an amazing
event like ah so tonight we're going for
dinner at sketch and then in the morning
we're doing yoga and then I think we've
got like a bit of a breakfast kind of
chatty thing right I've just walked into
this room what's this oh it's a curtain
okay so that's the door okay just walked
in big lit up mirror if you wanted a
little outfit of the day tops from
monkey ages ago these are from mango
from a sauce and then boosts religion
and then look right
I can't believe look at this oh my god
oh I just I can't get over it look at
this room oh oh it's so big I feel like
someone's gonna jump out of a cupboard
or something oh let's go in the bathroom
look at this bar oh my god I hope this
doesn't seem like showing off anything
I'm honestly just so wow I've never
stayed on the Thames before
some polls there if you want to say some
amazing in London come and stay here not
an ad and have you usually say this but
I just can't I just can't okay I need to
have a shower because it's been a really
really nuts day today even though I
haven't blocked it it's been bored in
lots and I think I'm gonna meet everyone
downstairs at about I think it's about
eight ish and then yeah we're gonna so
I'm gonna get all dressed up and it's
called a pink and blue party let me get
the itinerary up actually pink and blue
party at sketch all sorry and for dinner
and then tomorrow dingo got the shard
this is just like massive dream okay so
I'm gonna try and relax a little bit and
kind of enjoy the room and maybe pamper
myself a little bit and all look on the
bed there are some bits here there's
these little bits on the bed this is so
cute it's like a little pink cracker and
a little makeup bag let's see Oh Clarins
bits
- so good cuz I only bought like I was
rushing packing and I only bought a few
bits and bobs Body Lotion Beauty flash
bomb hands and nail treatment cream like
in the little cracker it's a multi
active what must be a phone charger and
it's quite light which is really good as
well that's amazing because my phone is
actually dead and I've had to plug it in
over there to charge
okay I'm ready I'm wearing this black
dress underneath I'm used to go I need
to go home out of time but little kind
of face check up his stuff my hair by
the eggs and I people were moaning that
they didn't see it and before you got
hurt the makeup I'm wearing down below
just don't have time I've got a guy I'm
gonna go and meet Victoria tomorrow em
shell and Susie
Hey
I just I just come back to the room I'm
so tired it's I think it's just gone
about midnight or something but that was
so good oh my god the food there is
immense so I just wish I could eat there
every single day based on the flowers
they had kind of like floral crown
arrangements and things like that so I
didn't get to do that but at the end
they were like to take some flowers not
like yes hmm because I didn't say
earlier if you wondered my coats Isabel
Marant I got it in the sale in Liberty
which is very exciting I'm gonna take
all this makeup off now and go to bed
and I'll see you in the morning when
we're going to be doing yoga at like
8:00 in the morning
nothing hey guys it's about 5:00 to 8:00
and and I've got to go downstairs in a
minute
what this camera just about going
downstairs in a minute so go and meet
everyone and then we're gonna go off to
the shot and do yoga itself like it's so
insane but it's so cool so I'm gonna
bring my camera my voice a little cranky
we have so much wine last night it was
there which was amazing but it makes you
feel ready Crocky when you wake up hey
I've got a pack a little bad he's my
little going out to your outfit I feel
like I've got a douche but I'm wearing
all sweaty Betty I don't know that's bad
it's just that sweaty Betty are really
expensive they actually sent me a few
bits over the other week and I am so
happy because I absolutely love love
everything so I got this talk I've had
for ages so that's nothing new
but I love these these like workout
bottoms because they're so like the
material of them is so soft and kind of
easy to move in and I said I have to
explain it but they're really right just
I highly recommend them I'll link them
down below great for running as well and
then I love this hoodie this is also
sweaty Betty and it's super soft it's
like the softest work it just doesn't
feel like you're going to workout it
feels like you're just about to go and
lounge on the sofa or something you know
like it just is really comfortable
anyway Oh actually about my shoes aren't
there they're like I've split about like
nope haven't done yoga actually beige as
I love yoga and I usually try and do it
like I used to do it about like five
times a week I'd be nice to the gym a
lot more actually and I haven't like
discovered my yoga place near my house
yet there is what a notice I make the
party but yeah it should be good
female be loads of us doing at the same
time then we come back have a bit
breakfast and then there's a product on
bailing and then I think we all go for
lunch
so yeah that's the order of the day and
then all of us you like vlog later as
well I don't know what I'm doing
got up to the top Wow okay inhale exhale
tuck your toes through the hips
just got back into my room it was really
way to do it in such a high building and
I don't know like I was saying to some
of the other girls it was like I'm not
sure if it had a good effect or a worse
effect on sorry unlike my Zener so kind
of my concentration but I think it's
wrong because I'm just not used to doing
it in such a high place like with a view
and everything but it's definitely a
cool different experience if you wanted
to like try yoga up the shard off the
shot I'm just gonna jump in the shower
get changed and then we've got the kind
of products unveiling which is really
exciting I'm really excited to see like
what its gonna be I don't want to leave
this room it's so amazing also our link
all the girls that I've been wear down
below in case you guys wanted to check
out their you know their channels and
their blogs and everything also I've
just seen in look someone has been in
the roof when I when I was away how cute
and because last night I got a little
goodnight tray where the currents
product on which is in the bathroom and
then this at all multi active day
targets finalized antioxidant day oh
nice Jack and Paul this I got the multi
active night it's lovely to use okay I'm
gonna go get me I don't know it's time
oh look my professor has come I've got a
grapefruit juice side of bacon and then
this should be scrambled at oh where are
my eggs oh there they are eggs and
smoked salmon yeah look at these mini
pastries as well like this is my hand
this is the pastries look if it sits
here in my bathrobe we're gonna change
it to my bathrobe and eat
okay this is my look of the day I'm just
wearing November night dress borrowed a
dress and then the coat from last night
and Topshop jeans religion boots and
deletion L okay
I got to go Swiss be there now let's
have a look at this we man that he
called me turn yours or one does not
seize and so nowhere I look so red that
was lovely up at the rooftop bar and
it's just a bit of an explanation about
like the new creams I can't wait to try
the creams out I tried them out actually
like last night in this morning but you
know you need like longer than that to
get a proper feel for them and then now
going for a lunch and it's actually also
going to be I think an unveiling of
their kind of spring/summer makeup
collections so I'm really excited for
that because I know I really love like
what I've tried from Karen's makeup I
like a lot so just packing up and then
I'm gonna go down to the lobby and check
out and unpacked by amazing room loo I
wish I could have stayed here for like
five days
this is the lobby
I got tripped my real key my mouth
this place is amazing look at all this
I feel like I'm in a cool Notting Hill
lady's house
hey I'm back at home now as you can see
and I haven't looked for a while
so I've got I'm and then I was just like
this place is a mess I just spent like
so I fought the 45 minutes just like
hoovering and doing bits and bobs and we
are gonna go to the gym we're going away
next week which we haven't really like
talked about much so yeah we both feel
like we want to be kind of like feeling
as good as he can for the trip and kind
of like the beach and everything so yeah
we're going to the gym and I'm gonna try
and go as much as I can kind of and
until Tuesday yeah Jason asks if any of
you have seen his headphones he never
puts any of his stuff anywhere in that's
in a proper place that he can go and
find it again why like Larry mmm because
it yo you this morning I feel like I
have done a bit of work this morning cuz
it was quite hard so maybe I'll do a bit
of cardio and then do like bum workouts
and abs anyway this is probably boring
we're just drinking a bit of coffee
Jason styling is started his vlogging
channel but I'm sure I've mentioned it
before but I'll link it down below
if you guys want to check out his and
actually do check it out because we're
gonna like he'll we're both gonna be
vlogging when we go away Ashley I don't
know how much I'll be flogging
but he's gonna be vlogging yeah he's
probably will be better because he's got
so much equipment and everything for and
he's like yeah that's what you have like
30 hours I could just go back from the
gym did a bit of a kind of
self-motivated spinning thing like 25
minutes and then I just did a few kind
of squats and I'm just gonna have a
shower and then get down to everything
and get a Brooklyn get a blog post up
and then we'll probably try and relax
then decide hey everyone so and sorry I
didn't finish off yesterday vlogging so
you can sort all Danny's here and we're
just about to eat something
and I've been every rubbish vlogger as
usual stay but I've been doing a lot of
work today really she's just having a
look at cuz we've got a dog walker and
she writes in a doggie diary she's
having a look through it and we're just
drinking a bit of Prosecco and we've got
a gourmet burger gourmet burger kitchen
yeah for dinner how cute let's the fun
in the sunshine this afternoon both very
well behaved again yeah that's a good
one no not all that good thanks gone
what is it choking cage cage no SATs at
a chicken yeah that's a chicken burger
sweet potato fries garlic mayo
and we've got a bit of a salad and then
I've got what is it
Oh bacon avocado a1 so yeah we're gonna
chow down 9 o'clock and then he's gone
home she was gonna stay longer but I
think she was getting quite tired and
yeah so I thought it's sinus for a lot
because you have to at some point I'll
see you guys soon and I'll be vlogging
again soon in the next few days I'm not
sure when I'll be up I will be looking
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you liked it I hope it didn't seem
too braggy it was just such a cool
experience I really wanted to share it
and just share my like great like
gratitude
have a good day or night don't forget
subscribe and I'll see you soon
bye also if you ever wanna follow kind
of like follow like little updates of my
days and follow me on snapchat because
I'm always snapping and it's pretty much
like vlogging but it's a lot easier so I
leave my snapchat down below it's just
Sami Barea okay bye
