don't run I am on my way to a meeting in
hockey at YouTube and I'm running late
it's the story of my life
but I thought that maybe I'll vlog today
or maybe I like blog this week and like
put it together yeah I've just filmed a
video so feeling quite good I love
filming and like being productive and
yeah gonna run to the station the
weather is so bad today
oh my god gonna head into and other
stories quickly and then go
here's my rubbish outfit of the day I
found what I was looking for I was
looking for like a cool tote bag so
maybe I'll show you guys it later I'm
gonna go it's economy's drinking a
coffee and then head home to show you
guys where there's good coffee places so
if you're kind of history
go left here and I quite like the
Department of coffee and Social Affairs
I love you New York they've given us
shitty with a bit of news they well
Jason's probably gonna say like on his
books and stuff and I'll probably vlog
him late supper he's passed his bike
test he today he did he was doing his am
like motorbike test he's done it before
and it's pretty tough so yeah that's
good news and oh my god now he's
probably gonna want to get a bite his
knee he wants get Harley which is cool I
love a bit Hartley yeah small Dale look
at that that's what we work it with her
so annoyed we have unlike a temporary
perp so while we get all our kind of
like car details to the council you've
got a temperate or had a temporary
parking permit and we're still waiting
for the bloody dvla to get up get us our
updated paperwork back and but the
temporary things about this is so
interesting but our temporary permits
now run out so I don't go do with the
car and he wouldn't help me at all on
the phone he was a dick oh my hair it's
going to I'm getting it done on
Sunday I can't wait so I just got home
if you want a few cutaways for my video
which is a January favourites now I'm
just turn I'm editing some photos maybe
I'll put up a blog post waiting for
Jason to get back home and I'm hungry so
hungry I'm just about to feed the dogs
we might go to the cinema by the way has
anyone seen the big short it's so good i
hi i talked about it in my video that I
filmed today but it's so good really
interesting so many good actors in it
and it's just really it really keeps you
engrossed in the film so anyway let me
know what you thought of it down below
if you guys have seen it but I think we
might see either creed or ride-along -
I'd rather see Creed because right I'm
gonna be any person but I feel like like
I still love comedies growing up and
everything but I feel like there are so
many bad comedies out now like not
saying that why they're always gonna be
bad
no but that so many comedies that I see
these days are like half funny you know
like that they like try and too hard to
be funny whereas like that 80s and 90s
comedies I feel like we're a lot funnier
is that just me and I've got a couple
other ones now are quite cringy funny
and mine I don't know
so yeah what do you think a comedy is
not as good as do you think qualities
aren't as good as they used to be
I felt so old we've just started
watching a film called the gift because
we've got no film stores we've watched
everything and we're just running out of
soup like China like scrape for
something to watch on the sky and our
futures come he got chai Chinese like
dim sum and I guess it's Panay oh and
duck pan Asian is it boring about leads
and stuff yeah basically basically
mm-hmm you know the food's there I need
to be able to plug what are you telling
them about it cuz it's on my mind I have
to unload you don't care and this plug
here - in - this battery here I need
that plug to be this plug because this
feels so at somewhere I need that does
this if this plug could plug into this
connection that would be amazing
then I'm hoping I'll get like a
nine-hour battery or ten-hour battery so
I can do some pretty nice nice so I can
get some really awesome time lapses if
we ever go away in the near future
okay dude it was the say we shred it
people will be like don't shred out of
all
stop working
alright can't to bed wait
that's a nice bra boys you're tired
Riley just they don't stay off here and
I'll add it on tomorrow because then I
haven't got a lot of footage and you're
gonna be a nun yeah gonna be in London
again tomorrow so that should be good
and we'll be together so and we'll be a
bit better than me just rushing around
on my own and I'm just putting a blog
post up so if you guys haven't checked
out my blog recently there's some new
new we'll see there's some new Jers on
there I said jeez I'm worried that
doesn't mean why is it no pun intended
okay nice see you guys tomorrow yeah
it's Wednesday today and we okay so I
woke up quite early I went to the gym
because I'm trying to get trying to get
fit and slimmed down a little bit
because we may be going away so today
we've got a meeting and I kind of I'm a
night meeting and that we've got a great
tool it's in about half an hour so we
need to get going
just laying coffee um and we're just
gonna have a little pre meeting Jason's
just look the exact same thing that's
what we're doing so I'll catch up with
you probably just before the meeting or
after the meeting
hey god I haven't finished my makeup
today what the meeting went really well
and we're just picking up some food
we've got a few kind of errands to do
and they're going somewhere folks I
think the dates in at all today which
you guys will see we're just in Krush so
we're going to pick up like a healthy
super sir
you did loads of money
what's the new mouth Frank
Franklin hey what's that what's that
nice I've been so bad up logging today
I'm so sorry but I'm just making some
dinner I'm making like a salmon stir-fry
rice bang and I'll fill you guys in on
everything about the day soon or
tomorrow but to make up for being so
rubbish hey thanks
sleepy eyes lightly frying the salmon
and some coconut oil and then I'll be
adding like the veg and everything after
it with cumin
and here's my dinner oh yeah the bills
from habitat by the way in case you
wondered from the beginning of this week
when I thought I was gonna vlog and I
totally just failed and so I thought
that I try them up today I went to a
spinning class this morning and it was
really difficult but good and yeah we
just got ready and we're off out to
Chelsea and we're gonna go and pick up
Jason's Harley the first we need is food
and maybe you might get a few and
purpose of my outfit weblog and though
if you guys can tell but I'm wearing I
got this tongue full done I should I
plan it just yesterday and I thought I'd
try out can you see that color there I
love it I've been looking for a color
like this for so long like a soft pinky
neutral kind of color I think it's
called disco glitter glitter disco
glitter I leave it down below but yeah
okay we're just passing in the eminence
on the Kings right as we've learned the
Risha life because we learn everything
relax there are free there cool
trying to be healthy appointment got
anything to say bring me food
they constrain Edith's Instagram of this
Bulldog and it's absolutely hilarious
there's one of him in a cape somewhere
that's so much more energy now these
sandwiches that right
little micro shoot my flower because
only when but she's running out yeah I'm
wearing on my new ID - trainers which
are like I'm so late on the trend but I
really wanted now we just head into
these because I need to get some bleach
and some more hair dye but clears I'm
getting my hair done tomorrow and I'm
just dying it so it's the right color
today so I just went into France even
though I got to like looks loose waiting
for JC's went to the toilet he's taking
forever what are you doing then we're
going to Holly David's in their little
update we're just at the Harley place
it's on the Kings Road I don't if you
guys knew but that's what I'm like we
were on the Kings Road earlier so cuz
what am I saying we've gone through
other boring like paperwork and
everything that he had to do so now he's
just like being told a little bit about
the bike and like just the last bits and
bobs and then I'm gonna drive home and
he's gonna write I'm and we're gonna
meet at home and then spend some time
with the dogs and then we're just gonna
chill I think and then maybe it take
away all baby guard tonight we're not
sure but my battery's dying so I'll be
gone for now
not much has happened we just sorted
gourmet burger kitchen by delivery if
anyone else does their and they haven't
ever done it before be careful yes do it
and then this just unravel isn't it yeah
it almost falls out just be careful
words of wisdom from David look at this
somebody it doesn't look as good on
camera but mmm I got a chicken one I
haven't had chicken from there before
garlic mayo bleed oh my god guys you
have to try this blue cheese sauce onion
ring sweet potato fries chicken bite
thing yes we're just packing up the
harness that's a bit on just clear
glasses that I have this is hilarious
but look glittery helmet hey we just I
just rode on the back of the Harley for
the first time the last time I rode in a
Harley was
in Australia like we're gonna go and see
Creed
it's Sunday I'm in a rush as usual it's
like whenever I look I'm just in a crazy
rush but I just got this headband on
because my hair is just atrocious okay
I'm going to the hairdresser and Nana
and my hair dresser is just amazing that
she's doing my hair on a Sunday I'd only
be late and I thought I'd look and I
want to tell you a bit more about you
know my hairdresser as well because a
lot at the time I mention it but I don't
give you out all the details but I've
got to get going so I'll probably do
that later being almost done
anymore
hey guys I'm really sorry about
yesterday's vlogging I saw okay please
don't tell me what for saying sorry but
I am June you have these songs I hate
being really logging even though I
am but yes I got my hair done and then
after I got my hair done thank you so
much Nano if you're watching
she's such a star to do it on a Sunday
and I love it I'm so excited it's so
soft as well when got my hairs on it
you're on a hair sanctuary and I just
wanted to say as well that they they
don't just do either they do like I've
been going there since I was about 14 15
years old and you know they do like
European hair and they do afro hair they
do it and they it's like all ages of
people it's not just if you want to go
there and get weave so definitely check
it out if you're interested and they're
just so friendly in there and it just
feels like kind of family yes I linked
their tile on down below what else can I
say
and I think Nana gets quite booked up
though so if you want to get your hair
done by her you know in the near future
then definitely like bring them up so
I'll just show you like the top of it as
well so here's the top and obviously
here is a little bit like these tones
are a bit different like at the top is a
little bit warm because there's a
closure in and the closure hair is more
of like a chestnut color so I might kind
of tone it a bit
I forget on filming another video before
Jason comes home just because like when
there's no and at home I just feel a lot
a lot more comfortable talking to the
camera just on my own and like nothing
else but the hair is and Blue Ribbon
hair and I've dyed it myself as I said I
think I'm gonna turn the rest of it as
well because especially in this light is
looking quite yellow but I really like
it it's really good quality even though
it's been bleached and died so I'll link
it down below it's it's the deep waves
Mongolian hair but Nana blow-dried it
out so it's like you know the curl isn't
there right now fine I'm gonna get on
filming
