hey guys it's January the 10th the 10th
and it's Sunday today god I really love
crackers o'clock this morning they said
I was shooting for a video that I think
we'll be putting up tonight
basically so excited because our indie
shirt dress should be available at about
through the available actually by the
time you watch this so we shot I kind of
shot a video for that like styling it
and we did a few photos as well I was
freezing my butt off because it was good
knows what temperature actually but yeah
so we're on our way to see the the
Frenchy meet up / Frenchy walk but we're
taking obviously Franklin as well
because other types of dogs are allowed
so I just thought it would be good to
vlog and Jason's blocking as well today
so like cross vlogging yeah and I'm
thinking actually I'll probably be
putting quite a few days together all
the week altogether so by riding
so we're trying to find where everyone
is we're trying to find it's usually a
place called the smokehouse and the maps
telling us that we're right near it but
we have no idea just just doesn't look
right we're on a road sorry I'm hoping
that we don't miss the whole walk might
do but I hope they will still see what
the Frenchies so Riley's got his little
jacket on and then Frank's got his sons
of anarchy top we found the Frenchies in
the distance we're just kind of meeting
that I'm kind of on the end of the walk
see all the small little dogs up there
see you them it's quite far from us
high-pitched squealing
so we've met everyone kind of and then
like if you come to it everyone gets to
this hill bit and then takes photos and
things so we did that and just gonna
walk over to this smokehouse like a
little and we all just
I had a total freak out because Riley
ran off in the wrong direction and we
can see him but the guys that run it
they found him so we're just gonna sit
out now I just had in home now I've got
some work to do even though it's Sunday
it's been quite a work day actually and
pretty chill out and that's that I think
I'm really tired up from the sparks well
hello Marley I okay it's the 11th it's
Monday I wake up fed the dogs drunk
summer Jason's coffee because we've run
out of coffee beans so we can outsell
one went to the gym hello Riley
and I'm back home I showered and yeah I
am hungry and I saw that a source books
came so what a source books came this
morning which is the ami smarts and
Marcus's like food books it's like a
healthy one I think so I'm really
excited I'm gonna let me hide the
address I'm gonna open it now I'll show
you guys what's in it
frying Franklin hey stretch dog oh it's
quite heavy which is good just breaking
into the steel it's a really nice design
as well it's really kind of simple hey
you want the sauce book this is inside a
Reaper in a minute
Oh oh my god this is so cute oh my god I
love read how I'm so happy that read
helps us in here I love all that stuff
this is all broccoli crisps oh my god
this is so cool this is so good in
January it's just exactly what you want
Oh tea that's that pecan cinnamon
cinnamon what oh it's a flapjack a
healthy one Oh awesome
chocolate dairy free milk Oh Linc um I
like it down below if you guys are
interested because this is am if you're
like trying to get get into oh my god
you just fellow if you're on a hill a
bit of a health kick and you need some
healthy snacks that Oh Franklin get down
see even Franklin wants it we're gonna
dig into this and then do my makeup I
just thought I'd show you my first
impression I'm gonna try the love raw
brace hip and lemon organic bath hmm hmm
it tastes a bit like lemon drizzle cake
mmm I am immensely excited right now
sorry I washed my hair so I still need
to dry it but um so on my video what one
was it my most warm pieces I was saying
that somehow my beloved leather jacket
it just has disappeared in that during
the move and I'm so sore about it cuz I
wear it like five times a week when I'm
used to work and I have got a new All
Saints what's called the cargo leather
jacket and I'm so excited so I thought
it just came now so I thought I'd show
you it oh my god it's so look at that
I love the wear on it though it already
has it's like it's like a vintage II
kind of love King one that looks I don't
know it just has so much character and
when I got the bow fern it was between
this and the bow firm so if you guys
were interested in any other styles this
is the cargo and oh maybe I'll wear it
today
I'm going to try it on hopefully it fits
yay whoo need to wear it in a little bit
you know like how
leather softens up and kind of molds to
you over time I just need that to happen
hey guys I look a bit rough today in a
bit order run out the house because like
the time just went so quickly when I was
getting ready I'm going to Selfridges
and to have a facial by I think she's
one of London's top facialist which is
so exciting
it's gonna be over dr. Frances preneur
James and she's got a two-week pop-up in
Selfridges doing kind of like it's
pressed facials so I'm really excited
I'm so glad I made it I thought was
going to be late so just come out come
out Timothy
I've just come out of Bond Street
station just heading out
Selfridges and I'm gonna be on time whoo
hello earlier my camera ran out of
battery which was so typical the way
every every time I've tried to use this
new camera it's either been oh I forgot
my memory card which happened the other
day
or I just don't have any batteries so
I'm gonna try and charge this battery as
much as possible so but yeah I just
wanted to give you guys a little update
because I had my facial this morning I
had my facial I'd only had like one
facial before ever and I'm 26 so yeah I
mean I feel like a lot of people have
had more facial zoomy in life but it was
really good because I had like two
different two different types of laser
treatment and she said my skin's in
quite like in good condition it's very
like my pores are really good I don't
really have any wrinkles which was
really good yeah the only thing is like
my which you can't tell here because I
got tons of makeup on I just filmed a
video but I've got like discoloration
and like scarring like the marks from my
blemishes and like sports and stuff are
still on my skin and I have kind of like
discoloration around here I've got a lot
of kind of scarring on my forehead which
you can't see now but yeah so I'd love
to go back and have like a full facial
of the one that I had because it was a
15-minute one but yeah it was really
good experience and they were really
nicely she explained everything that she
was going to be doing to my skin so it
wasn't too scary or anything and I'd
really recommend it like got to where
are they - skincare products
oh god where's Franklin barking I got
two skin care products from their line
as well to use on my skin after their
facial so I can't wait to start using
that and start like brightening my skin
up a bit they called on the wrong video
mode is this better this video mode Oh
No when I got back home had a bit of
lunch then I was filming a Khloe
Kardashian inspired hair and makeup
video so that's kind of what you're
seeing now but it looks a lot better any
other lighting and now I'm gonna go
downstairs
I've got loads of editing to do I also
want to go to a spinning class tonight
and I just wanted to show you guys my
Chanel bag because I feel like I've like
hinted at it on my Instagram
I haven't shown you and I feel like
that's really annoying so because I
haven't really just for winter here
because I haven't I don't know I feel
weird to kind of announce my purchase
because it's not a mass I mean it's a
massive thing for me but I don't to be
like oh my god everyone look I got
Chanel back but but I wanted to write
about my experience so that's what why I
write it on the blog so I got the
classic chanel flat bag in lambskin
leather the softer leather which I can
go into detail more maybe in a main
Channel video about why I went for this
lever and more about the bag but oh my
god I'm in love with it I'm still a
little bit kind of a nervous to wear her
out and about but I've worn a Hornet out
already but yes such a big thing isn't
it it's crazy I'm so happy I got one
I've wanted one for since something
about 12 years old so anyway I'll catch
up with you guys in a bit just got back
from spinning and I'm so tired and I
probably should have eaten properly
before before I went because I almost
died hey guys it's Tuesday and I also
saw a little update since the the facial
I had yesterday didn't realize how much
so I don't know if I said this yesterday
or not but like last night and this
morning I was feeling my skin and it's
time not like a lot of the areas where
it was like there were bits of rough a
nurse and stuff are just so much softer
and when I wake up I feel like my skin
is a little bit kind of brighter and
clearer as well so I'm so happy and it's
made me want to do facials like all the
time now like laser stuff but I wouldn't
go like knots with the lasering last
night we got Nando's add from delivery
just ate and then watched source code
and then it kind of just went to the oi
instead of video I went to bed and this
morning it's quarter past eleven I'm
meeting Victoria and Susie from hello
hello October and a little at Burberry
the Burberry Thomas calf on Regent
Street this morning well at midday so I
need to leave in a minute I'm really
excited to ceiling so haven't seen them
for age
and I thought I just probably show you
my outfit when I I'm just gonna change
but I wanted to tell you guys what
lipstick I'm wearing I'm wearing this it
came in my pee looks it's the Dior Dior
if ik it's a matte lipstick which is
right up my street
what a gorgeous color I really like it
because I think they sent a red as well
but I used to wear red a lot more in the
day and I feel like I just wear a lot
less these days because it's a it's so
much high maintenance like keep making
sure that it's not smudged and that it
doesn't look really drawing her lips
everything and day to day so this is
such a nice kind of spring color right
okay I'm just gonna get changed
and then I will I will show you there's
my outfit and leave sure I forgot to
show you my outfit sorry guys I try and
show you in a mirror somewhere over
there's a man I feel like he's gonna
come and talk to me about something so
charity
we saw beneath me last week it was so
good I really recommend it I just miss
my train a lot of people were saying
that it's not good but
actually so simony oh my god okay so I'm
just heading up to Burberry and so yeah
there's a there's a little kind of tough
Sascha restaurant called Thomas in there
so
so nice to see the girls they were also
gonna have a little browse around Murray
and then I'll probably head home because
it's been a really really nice day we've
been here for four hours just talking
and like catching up so it was really
nice to have a bit of girl time as usual
so I'm gonna head home soon
starting to get dark I haven't got any
work done today but I was gonna pops up
Rex I'm quite hungry again and then
probably head home and get ready for
sacked Ursula
I'm so sorry about my messy room but oh
hello Franklin
I just thought I'd show you guys my
outfit did I so sorry
but BBA I've got this kind of body on
just from a sauce then my jeans Franklin
can you sort off then I got this coat
recently from H&M which I really liked
it comes with already ugly belt so I
took it off um
Chanel there and then just my like night
trainers which I'll try and link down
below cuz I'm sure you can get them and
I was very Bands win it cuz it was quite
sunny today so in the car now on the way
to set to slay that ruins various
how's your dinner yeah I'm really
excited how do you you haven't been
before have you it was my dad took me
was him at that moment with my family
when I was younger
it was amazing a lot of this thing yeah
so I'm really excited to go it will
catch up with you when we're there
oh that's what's gonna say Jason
vlogging today as well so yeah I'll
leave his book on down below if you guys
haven't checked it out yet which is
shoot we've just arrived and it's
actually the premiere tonight so there's
this kind of red or blue carpet thing so
I will just fill these slopes
this is the gorgeous building I'm so
excited
Jason's going to throw his dinner
rubbish in the bin where is he gone
oh I've lost my date Mack asked if
we wanted to come to this tonight so
that's so cool that they asked
obviously we're like yeah so they're
gonna meet some of the girls from that I
think and then go to our seat
do you see flash photography in the
forties equipment is strictly prohibited
please take away that show was amazing
oh my guess so like just breathtaking
it's just it was so good and it was so
cool to know that this isn't an ad or
anything but the makeup for this set to
slay and maybe the other actually the
others I think as well was designed by
Mac as well with and mac makeup artists
and everything so we have like seats at
the front as well so you could see the
makeup quite close-up which was so it
was just it's another one of those
things that like if you're feeling stuck
in a rut with makeup and you watch
something like Cirque de Soleil or
something it's just inspiring again
because these types of products they use
like the sparkle they're just oh it was
amazing oh yeah do we recommend going to
see sight to slay in London if you if
you've been thinking about it or you
know if you if you can get tickets and
it was just really I think it will be
like a major highlight of the week
really if not the best thing of the week
so yeah so happy took on to that yeah
Jason mini liked it as well the main
girl looks just like my sister Danny
which was so wait she looks like Danny's
lost twin yeah I think I'm just gonna
get ready for bed
tidy my room and everything now oh my
god it's such a mess chill with the dogs
a little bit and then just go to bed so
thank you guys watching this vlog and
yeah I'll try and be vlogging even more
sorry I'm sorry if this vlog is quite
disarray whether the cutaways with like
with a little cuts and things like that
when you have I've looked for a while
it's really hard to kind of get back
into the swing of it and be quite
articulate while vlogging so yeah bear
with me anyway I'll see you guys soon
