it's a rebirth with me hey guys it's
been ages all tripping over the pavement
um so I just got I got a new camera
yesterday because my my usual vlog
camera just broke
as I've said it in a few vlogs out so I
thought I'd look today and like get back
in the swing of logging and I'm just on
my way to the station and I've got a
meeting in so far I'm so tired though
I've got a bit of a sore throat at the
moment so hey I can't cross the road
property and stuff what I'm looking say
I'll catch up with you guys when I'm in
town I guess oh my god this cover so
light it's so amazing the birds were the
one why did I carry on a tank of a
camera they have made it in quite good
time and I've just had it up to now I'm
so hungry
people are staring haven't been up in
London this early for a while it's like
past 9:00
okay so just come out of my meeting it
went really well I was a little bit
nervous before I think I didn't nervous
so much before stuff anyway it was fine
it was with Amanda Wakeley not however
the brand and I might just head home I'm
in Liberty this is like my favorite
mirror to do an outfit posted I'm on the
second floor if any of you want a good
outfit mirror and my coach from
misguided my top Zara my skirts are and
All Saints boots and H&M hat and wise so
that you don't hear so we just need to
do is just go back home and just have a
look catch up with Jason and yeah what
can I say I was so tired okay I know I
always say this okay I'm really tired so
I'm having what Jase made me another
coffee
so today's plan is we're going back to
our house that we moved out with because
and we still have a little bit of time
left there but obviously we're not there
but there's stuff in in there still so
we just think go over the van and then
take like take all the junk that we've
got here like boxes and everything from
moving and also get rid of all the stuff
that is left in the other house put it
all in a skip skip skip that we've got
there and then go over to my mom's house
because she's gonna store this table
that we have there and then come home so
it's gonna be a bit of a crazy kind of
kind of like a bit of a moving day but
anyway I thought I would vlog because I
knew that might be interesting and maybe
I'll flop tomorrow as well and if
there's not enough footage today then
I'll add it on and do two days or
something I've got a few bits that I
want to show you guys I mean I don't
know whether to do a whole video because
I feel like I've done so many holes
recently that I feel I seem like a bit
of a know like a nutter like buying so
many things that I may have
my first Isabel Marant thing in Liberty
in the sale and it may be amazing I'm
not going to show you and maybe I'll
show you like an outfit I don't wanna
show it now just cuz it won't do it
justice like randomly in the kitchen
holding out but they also all I really
love you to subscribe it in and other
stories high for your watching and
yesterday I was it we were in Tesco and
I was feeling really ill I've got kind
of like a really subtle illness I've got
a sore throat and everything and
yesterday it was like around dinnertime
I hadn't eaten yet and I was feeling
really rough and she came up to me and
she was like oh hi he's smothering yeah
but yeah and she was like how are you
and I was like ah yeah I'm fine she was
like you're not are you
like you don't see me okay and I was
like no so I always try and make I
always try to make it seem like I'm fine
but it's nice that she noticed that I
wasn't it was like don't worry about it
anyway hi it was really nice to meet you
um anyway I've got to go and like get
all the boxes together and stuff so I'll
catch up with you guys in a little bit
okay we've loaded up our zip car who zip
can't helped us with this thank god yeah
and we just set up yesterday so how to
turn the headlights on yeah
we just stopped off for some food we
went to talk to Tatia but she needed
some fuel and I think Sam just can't
handle being tired no but also at the
meeting this morning and I thought I was
eating I thought I ate it off I don't
think I did because we were both talking
the whole time so I think I ended up
just taking like a few mouthfuls
so anyway I'm gonna tuck into this
we're here we're gonna get dumping stuff
tired Follette we're doing well okay we
just finished well very tired
next up excuse it car lifesavers I'm
going to soy today cuz I feel like
cutting down a little bit daring thank
you
back home just feeding the dogs because
we left them for quite a while today and
we wait for what I mean we didn't feed
that because we asked them for a while I
just mean came home and straightaway fed
the dogs anyway I make my dinner Jason's
gone to go and funny to revamp me it's a
rebound with me right I'm gonna make my
dinner Jason's gone out to go and get
fish and chips but we want to eat at the
same time so I need to quickly make mine
like a set so we can eat together and
relax together was that nice is that
nice old Frank's got a Frank update
Frank needs to lose some weight
so because we took him to the vet for a
little checkup and yeah he's got a he's
overweight so yeah the plan isn't it you
slim and trim I'm Ronnie
so I've rested up before he's even got
back oh yeah so I just made a really
simple like spinach tomato avocado and
pesto salad and then I just use some of
the pasta that Jason made last night and
added a bit of air about a sauce and I'm
just gonna heat that up and wait for him
together oh my god broken broken
oh god it's not broken by the way
Jason's vlogging now he's got his he's
logging on his channel like three times
a week I think at the moment so if you
guys want to check that out I think it
down below and you can see more of what
we're getting up to day to day as well
because it's a lot other days that I'm
not flogging what are you starting your
vlog from like tonight then then but if
you want to see the next few days of
ours go over to his channel cuz I'm
gonna be probably not vlogging like as
much as here so yeah it'll be a bit more
like our daily looks okay
we're gonna eat now you just nervous
can you bring it soon
I just dropped my camera is a reason I
have when we moved I made like a wooden
one camera cabinet in the living room I
don't know if any of you saw and I don't
if I showed it anyway there was all of
our cameras in one place and I have
specifically bought my own camera unit
in my office because I will not trust
her with any of my stuff lens caps whose
lenses damages cameras and I won't have
it already stand for preposterous alone
probably a probably sign off here I
might film a little bit more but anyway
thank you guys so much
Oh a pint glass in kitchen okay I'm go
back in the kitchen right thank you guys
for watching and I'll see you soon yeah
