hey guys welcome today 22 we're just
about to head out to Westfield with so
tired right he was barking last night so
at work on staff and hey Jase is just
making some coffee I thought I'd show
you my outfit of the day it's nothing
special but I'm wearing our new Liberty
top which I love of course yeah with
misguided kind of faux suede jacket ASIS
jeans
AllSaints boots wet air and the skill
and a Fendi pom thing and I did my hair
like loose curls
so we've been in Westmont for a while
now
and we just think it impresses really
it's doing quite well so far I feel
really we're probing there is so many
people around
everyone is Christmas Day today oh it's
raining no oh
hasn't rained on Christmas a fire engine
I don't usually feel them on Christmas
Day I think we did last year actually
but I just thought it might be nice to
do it this year because we haven't like
flogged a few days and everyone's really
happy today so why not
so we wake up my hair looks really rough
and I woke up quite early actually I
thought I'd wake up like ten button and
I kept chomping on Jason to wake him up
and then we have it coffee and did
presents and we were just watching a bit
of pass in the hats it was on telly and
now I have a breakfast and then we're
going over to my Nana's house and then
the going over to Jason's parents house
later so yeah it's gonna be quite a full
day and my family and nuts so try and
catch a bit of that on camera you want
to say what you're making
also isn't it no like what you may also
do you guys like my ODI
I got these from H&M these like
Christmas bottom and this tops from
brandy melville but I've spoken no
present boobs nipples and I don't know
he showed you properly but we actually
wanted to finish decorating the tree but
we totally went out time but this is our
tree and we doesn't have a top either
but it's quite nice isn't it as a
last-minute tree and yeah this is our
present mess so maybe I'll show you guys
what let me know if you want to see what
I got for Christmas
it's this amazing Jason got this for me
I wanted it it's from a shop called
decorum in Bucks park
oK we've got a special Christmas
breakfast happening with a charm
look I see that is the thing isn't it
now I don't know I came in and that's
all they're gay people want it for
picking today what I can't give you
instructions because I've never done it
I'm making out as I go along if anyone's
wondering because a lot of people
usually ask the plates from Emma
Bridgewater um and you can get them or
you can get them online
oh it's like it's like a flower yeah
just been watching guardians of the
galaxy and why isn't it broke third and
I just put up a blog post off like my
Topshop sale pigs all sorry about the
focus yes so that will be up by the time
you watch this I'm not sure when this is
going up but I've got to get ready now
to sit down so maybe going over to
enhance Jason's just upstairs and I've
got a shower and dress and do my a
couple of stuff no I don't wear today
right better get going
we go so you can just kind of the prices
will flash up when you go on to it yeah
those are my picks for now I might do an
Asus one as well
hi guys this clip is going to be
inserted later I believe but I just
wanted to say why we haven't finished
service really noisy that's buddy what's
four different
I apologize for their not being any more
blog post videos because unfortunately
my grandma passed away 12 mister 20
seconds
my grandma yeah on the 22nd of December
and we decided not to vlog after that it
would just have been too much hassle and
obviously I'm sure you understand so
yeah that's why there's been no more
videos and I apologize I'm sure you
understand
and I hope you look forward to looking
through videos
