everyone please subscribe today Stanley
Thank You guys today's a big day know
why because we are about to hit three
million eight family members whoa and my
baby is looking so much older baby I say
everyone subscribe today's family saying
yeah say it okay ace family we're only
five thousand eight family members away
from three million eight family members
which means we have to go out right now
and get everyone in the world to
subscribe to the ACE family
are you ready you ready let's go
everyone please subscribe to day family
thank you everyone I mean everyone
please subscribe to Dave's family
thank you
sir please put your coke down and
subscribe today's family do you guys
make cakes here
like customized cakes so you can make a
cake that says on top three million
eight family members really oh yes what
cake you want baby
which one you want you want that one
okay okay we'll get you that one okay
hey what's going on everybody so while
we are waiting for our cake and want to
talk to you guys for a second so I know
we told you guys we wanted to do
something really big for when we hit the
next million and to be honest we had
something planned for today but for next
week we weren't thinking that we were
gonna hit three million today so this is
completely last-minute you guys are so
strong that we're gaining so many so
fast and we just weren't prepared we're
literally gonna be hitting three million
eight family members any minute now
look al she's so like mesmerized by
another baby
hell L baby go see if she subscribes an
ace family go see go see thank you so I
just want to say really sucks that we
can do what we wanted to do because
we're gonna hit it so early but then
again we are happy that we are hitting
it early but I will say that next
million so when we hit four million we
are gonna do whatever this plan is and
we're gonna make sure that we do it on
time and it's and it's done properly so
you guys can see how cool is it but
stuff like this is really hard to plan
and organize because no one ever knows
how many subscribers are gonna gain or
when they're gonna gain them you just
don't know so stuff like this is really
hard to plan but just know what we were
gonna do for this million we're gonna do
it next time we hit 4 million but guys
we're gonna be getting three million a
failing members any minute we gotta
hurry even go get our cake we got a
hurry to get our cake let's go hurry
hurry baby hurry let's go let's go come
on
Hale wants to know if the cakes ready
it's ready the cakes ready
hey alright so we just got home and we
are so close
we're four thousand and five hundred
people away from three million
subscribers should we go on Instagram
life we're going live we are now live
you guys are part of the vlog right now
hey ace family say hi baby
are you talking to him guys if you were
not subscribe today's family make sure
you subscribe and we're gonna be
checking cuz it says right here look a
baby you tell them to subscribe okay
good
let them know well show them how many
subscribers we have good job sell them
baby Shawn
we're almost there we're almost there
guys we are less than five hundred eight
family members away we can do it we can
do it no it's funny I can see like
grandma's teachers auntie's right now
just like subscribing subscribing
subscribing yeah I can see our eight
family members making their mom's
account subscribe yes guys I can see
everybody right now just click on the
red button like expand it let's go hey
Sam you can do it you guys are strong
brilliant people
there's nothing do you know what three
million people is I really don't have
any people it doesn't seem like a lot to
us cuz we see it every day or it's a lot
of people when you think of 3 million
people how many people is that to you
okay so when it goes down what does that
mean does it mean like someone
accidentally unsubscribe I don't know
but it's annoying who's doing that
someone's playing with this let's go
guys let's go I love you
here we go you better stop oh hell no as
you can see l had to get our own chair
to get a better view Oh close
Oh like why is it moving so fast alright
you ready here we go
this is crazy
did we go guys oh it's getting real
alright it's getting real it is getting
real side yo you guys got his balloons
we love you and you have their ace hat
on oh my gosh we love you guys well
guess what we got a treat for you guys
as well stay right there do not move do
not move I have to get the Moray since I
have to what's my favorite what is my
favorite I love this one I'll give them
this one oh I love snack I love snack
I love snack I love looking like
somebody's auntie let's give him that
one okay think this we're good I got you
guys I got you guys since you guys are
part of the family you guys need more
hats here we go
oh yeah get it right get it right get it
right hold on me let me zoom in let me
zoom in three mil spread out spread out
a little bit this way this way right
there perfect
it looks beautiful thank you so much
okay okay now now now your hats now your
hats you ready
mores family we love you guys
if you stay right there we're gonna
bring down treats if you want to stay
okay yep Elwood what are you doing here
okay go tell let's go let's bring them
treats come on let's go we got a
surprise for them come on we got treats
we got treats it on let's go come on
say bye know we're gonna see them in two
seconds what our guys about to bring
them a piece of the ACE cake shit guys
three million Aysen members that's crazy
yeah no yeah no I really don't know like
how many we have I'm just like living in
the moment hopefully like our cake
where's our ace family members at
where's our ace that remembers that one
of their a stem remembers that hey hey
hey y'all went all out
oh my gosh oh my gosh we love you guys
we love you guys
name name any name Paula Paula Elizabeth
oh we love you guys show them show them
what you made show them what you made we
love you guys oh my god but the balloons
though okay Jamba Juice no way wait why
gummy guys they're about to play a song
real quick tell me if you guys are
familiar with this song hug oh here it
though I hope they can hear it hey H oh
she's gonna turn it out real quick it's
a no candy
this is for real yes hey they in our
Jail stay tuned for the next song I know
I'm probably giving away where we live
right now it's all good though because
we move out in about three four days I
love that I love that's one of my
favorites Joe I swear the other day
we're looking at a Lambo that color did
you see my snapchat y'all I love that
color guys if you know where we live you
better come say hi before it's too late
that's all I gotta say
I love you guys bye what do you guys do
you guys are eating cake without me guys
all I gotta say is we were not expecting
that at all they were probably one of
the nicest people that we have ever met
and they're a part of the a family which
makes us feel that much more special
dant we gain more since we're gone yeah
Lee we gave him more about a second all
I know I gotta go to celebrate cuz I'm
hungry you always wanna be better that's
okay guys I don't even know where to
start like Katherine I mentioned before
this still doesn't seem real to us and
like none of this will be possible
without you guys we would have never got
to three million without you guys and we
would never be feeling like this without
you guys and I don't even know what to
say like we can't thank you guys enough
honestly like I wish we can take all
three million of you guys out to dinner
and show you how much we appreciate all
of you like honestly like this is why I
love you guys so much because when I
when I finally get to meet you and I get
to see your faces I'm like I'm a fan of
you like I love you don't you feel like
that we really don't know like honestly
though you guys are really like our
family members like when we see you guys
out it feels like you guys are related
to us like you know the crazy thing is
we hit two million two months ago August
2nd is when we hit 2 million we hit
another million in two months Wow
no not
is amazing that's amazing so the only
thing left to say is four million here
we come
ace family right now spam the comments
right now hashtag road to four million
right now it no matter where you are if
you in the car right now driving to you
significant others house get their
comment roll to four million if you're
in class taking a test finish a test
after comment rotor for me if you're at
work finish doing your work and when
you're done won't actually you know I
just just just just vanish off to the
back yeah go to the bathroom comment
wrote to four million then go back to
work okay no matter what you're doing
comment row two four million a cm we
come in four million here we come I
don't even know how long this video is
because it was all over the place today
we didn't know what to expect but I hope
you guys do know that we have something
huge huge plan for four million all
right we were supposed to that today but
like we said earlier it didn't happen
because happened you guys her
subscribers so fast it I hope you all
enjoyed this video before we close out
this video we do have to give our postal
vacation shout outs of whoo baby matter
of fact no matter of fact we're giving
our pulse notification shout out to
everyone that's a part of the A's family
I'm talking everyone you know obviously
guys we'd like this video you've got to
give us a thumbs up give it a thumbs up
right now give it a thumbs up right now
if you're part of this family
so I better see them I better see three
million thumbs up like yeah yeah so like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful family like we always
say chocolate faces we'll be back with
more videos peace what would you think
bye
