fucking popping Pili's man I feel just
like a rockstar
oh wow so what we have here is high plen
gear you guys are probably wondering
what the hell is all this stuff doing
here
last night the three of us went to his
warehouse so we walked in and he threw
everything at us I mean everything chops
my boy Jordan Bentley the owner of hi :
so as you can see he just came out with
a new collection we got t-shirts we got
what would you call these crew necks
mm-hmm
long-sleeve sweaters wait they want to
see everything so we should open
everything up right we have hoodies got
the playboy hoodie right here should
open them up yeah you guys can see what
what you know we talking about
whoo you see I'm saying I blend cute and
is lit all right P Hugh Hefner joggers
right some joggers you like those she's
asking about the one you're where I know
oh oh oh when I'm wearing well let me be
honest with you this doesn't come out
till December a matter of fact
you like this one like I was saying
matter of fact this is the sample Osho
I'm showing what else we got we got like
I said more t-shirts another hoodie a
pink hoodie that one's for me cabin
things over here with the flags some of
the material oh she wants you to see my
pants that I'm wearing from high plant
and they also have the flags you can see
oh my gos they also have backpacks for
kids who are in school you got you
covered
with a hiking backpack and if you can't
tell their patches though you can rip
off they I think he said they give you
like four of them that you could switch
in and out of we have some shorts so
hike one Chino shorts shorts
like I said they got it all they got the
astronaut jacket that was my favorite
there's more stuff on the ground oh this
is the other version that category of
pants astronaut man I like those I think
the girls will really like these I'll
show you what they look like
the material is crazy kind of look like
a Power Ranger but it's really cute only
in the camera so I can see his lighten
up its lighten up turns the side curtain
turn ya guys they light up wait are they
glow in the dark I think they are no go
back go in the dark to go in the dark
really let me see oh yo guys cool yes go
back further go back further go in the
closet go in the closet that's crazy
you look like a sexy Power Ranger good
man he's killing the game with those
what you like what you like baby what
you like
what you like what you like it all you
like it all huh put that one on let me
see what looks like ooh I like that that
looks like it glows in the dark as well
let me see
walk your little sexy eyes back in the
dark let me see let me see
Oh sexy eyes back there then I go back
further in the cloud that looks so cool
turn to the side so I can see it turn to
the side that's so dope that's so dope
guys as you can see we genuinely like
his brand his materials a1 he has
everything t-shirts hoodies crew necks
joggers backpacks
he even got he even got a grocery bag
this is what you'll call grocery bag
okay alright so I know we got some the
same item so we matched today yeah you
like that what you want right there I
don't have that one I have that one so I
know some of you are wondering where you
can get this stuff put the info in our
description so you guys can check them
up alright guys so we had to come
outside and talk to you guys about our
exciting news so as you all read by the
caption we found our dream basically we
found our dream house a couple of months
ago we couldn't say anything because as
you guys know getting a home is a
process you know all the paperwork and
everything being approved and whatnot is
always a hassle so we didn't want to say
anything because we wanted to wait until
it was like an official thing so there's
a couple of reasons why we haven't
officially moved in one being the fact
that there's some finishing touches that
need to be done around the house there's
a couple of things that we want to do
before we actually show you the house
and do an actual tour so as some of you
guys might know our lease is an end for
another couple of months so that tells
you right there that were really excited
to move out it's a huge milestone for us
we've been saving and we've been working
for this moment for the
this is you know our dream house is
something that we've been wanting for
for a long time as you guys know we're
extremely excited to have our own space
have our own home our garage
our backyard just like space so we could
just do it over a lot we don't worry
about sharing anymore following noise
complaints on us we obviously want to
grow our family we want a bigger family
we want more kids we just need more
space and more rooms for that to happen
and guys we are sad that we can't show
you the house today because I have to
mention they have to do some touch-ups
have to finish cleaning and so we don't
want to show it to you until it's fully
complete but it's just too hard to keep
it a secret we had to tell you guys
because obviously you guys are part of
our family and we want you to know
everything but what we can do is show
you a glimpse of part of the backyard
just a little piece and I know you guys
are probably gonna be upset because
we're only going to show you a glimpse
of the backyard but we didn't want to
tell you guys we've got a house and it
show you anything so giving you guys a
glimpse hopefully you guys will be happy
with that so if you guys are ready to
see a little sneak peek a little tiny
sniffing make sure you give this video a
thumbs up right now so you guys are
ready if you're not ready then just
don't watch it but just know guys that
we're gonna be giving you an exclusive
tour of the entire house when we're
ready to show you when it's all said and
done when it's everything is just ready
to show we're gonna be doing that
probably next week and then we're also
gonna show you like the process of like
us getting our furniture so are you guys
ready did you give this video a thumbs
up y'all ready here we go
are you guys ready three two one let's
go through your new playground here the
rock climbing station come this way come
this way we can't show too much now as
you can see right here we have the slide
station mm-hmm
no more going to the park people oh we
have swings we have the swings over here
in this station yeah we have the tire
swing this is really cool yeah that's
right go
we have the swing hair bebut let's get
on the swing show
ready hey mamas girl and you like your
new playground oh yeah mm-hmm
you happy yay baby he's gonna be out
here every single day literally every
day this is literally one of the
craziest playgrounds I've ever seen but
there's two slides jungle gym sorry
jungle gym it's like a house up here
Hales obsessed you having so much fun
look at mommy
sorry guys but this is the only glimpse
that we can give you like it's killing
us not to show you the rest of the home
all I gotta say is make sure you stay
tuned for next week guys honestly this
is a dream of ours like to be able to
have our own backyard so L can run
around and play and hopefully get a dog
for her in the future I can run around
with her in the backyard and play
obviously we want more kids so this is
just a blessing for us Katherine's over
here taking pictures of the rest of the
backyard I want to show it you guys so
bad it's killing me
should I just show you guys and let's
skip the house tour should i no I can't
do it I can't do that let's just hit the
ass with a montage
I just want to leave this over again I
just want to stay here no no no do you
wanna see just like a little bit a
little glimpse fine let's go I know you
get to play madness right now but that's
all we could show you I'm sorry buy a
family home we shall see you in a week
or so hi guys we'll see you back at her
place in a second we are back home and
my grandma is back she's been gone for
about three weeks yeah missed them
blast be back she misses you guys a
family and it's still crazy to me I
still don't believe that my grandma is a
grandma so she looked like she knew my
sister
oh great grandma great-great-great
grandmother ill my grandma
yeah but doesn't she look like she's my
sister she looks so young well not quite
you lo grandma you got what besito good
girl besitos Oh
so as you guys can see we got a shit ton
of cleaning to do so what do you guys
think of the glimpse of part of our
backyard you guys like it you guys like
it or were you annoyed by the fact that
you couldn't see me as you guys can tell
we are super excited we just want to do
things the right way and show it to you
guys when it's fully done so we want to
worry about anything and we're also like
really overwhelmed right now because we
have a lot a lot to do yes and I think
our biggest thing right now is the fact
that we don't have furniture for every
single room so if there's any furniture
companies that are part of the ACE
family make sure you email us you can
find our email down in the description
we are looking for furniture guys I'm
not sure if you remember what we said
but we are going to keep our promise do
you remember what we said about when we
move in to our dream house yeah yeah
first we can move in after we have all
our furniture what do we make a promise
what we say we were going to do we're
gonna have an ace family member
spend the night at our home yes we're
gonna fly you from wherever you are of
you're out of the country if you're
overseas if you're you know wherever you
are in the South the North wherever you
are literally we are going to pick
someone or maybe two people right yeah
few a few a set of members uav's family
we're gonna fly you out roundtrip you're
gonna be able to stay at our place for a
few days and you guys know we've told
you guys about this a couple of months
ago this is something that we've been
saying for a while now this is not you
know out of the blue we decided we
wanted to do this so we are gonna keep
our promise and we are gonna do it so
you guys make sure to stay tuned for
that so if you guys want to spend a few
days in our new ace home makes you
comment below we're gonna be reading all
your comments so right now what we're
getting ready to do is we have to go
furniture shopping for like some
last-minute things ever gonna need for
the house we're pretty much really busy
for the rest of the day I think we have
to like what do we have to do we're busy
for the rest of the month we have to go
grocery shopping we haven't been grocery
shopping in like two weeks whoo because
we were out of town for an entire week
lastly we got to find out what we're
gonna be wearing for Halloween we got a
lot of things planned but we are
continuing to film every day if not
every other day because that's what you
guys want so before we close out this
video we do have to give our post on
vacation shout out to whoever I'm not
sure if you guys noticed today but
Katherine decided to copy me and wear
the same pants as me like she has a copy
with everything like she always I'm
pretty sure you guys know that I was
wearing these pants before he was kiss
the today's post certification shoutout
goes to Elizabeth Rochon so shout out to
you yeah she wrote a lengthy comment so
thank you so much for showing your love
to us and thank you so much for being a
part of the ACE family whoever else like
a postal indication shoutout you guys
should already know to do subscribe to
the ACE family turn on our pulse
notifications and then comment when done
we're also very close to three millions
is great yeah I keep a million it's like
almost 3 million a standing it's like
making me nervous for some it is is
anything a little bit
well obviously if you liked this video
you got to give it a thumbs up like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful Queen and my beautiful
princess is in the other room with her
grandmother like we always say we'll be
back with more videos peace
