you wear glasses okay there you go there
you go yeah
you're gonna wear in the video today I'm
wearing hey what's going on
oh so show the x-family fifi Shawn
peepee we almost lost you
Hannah mama we found her again you tell
mommy and give a big kiss tell me Vegas
you want daddy's fallen so keep you
occupied going to the intro there you go
so today as you can read by the title I
will be reading daddy will be reading my
daughter's Instagram the Imps and ever
since we started Ella's Instagram people
have been reminded me a video that I
made back when she was first born roll
the clip
okay so this is a public announcement my
daughter will be born in a couple weeks
so I want to make this very clear from
jump for those parents out there who
have a young boy or is getting ready to
have a boy I just want y'all to know
that they will not be able to talk to my
daughter when they get older because she
won't not have a snapchat she will not
have a Facebook she will not have an
email and she won't most definitely not
have an Instagram because ain't not
nobody posting my daughter has a W C W
okay
I'm dead serious if she wants to
Instagram she can share an Instagram
with me daddy this ain't a game this
ain't a joke I'm for real and not nobody
talking to my daughter thank you for
listening yes people in that video I was
saying that L will never have any social
medias at all but as we all know
everyone in this generation has social
media and the reality of the matter is
she doesn't have an Instagram it is
daddy's Instagram I control her
Instagram so I had the pleasure of
finding out that not only do I get
Instagram diems but my daughter gives
Instagram dance and believe it or not
have never read her Instagram team's
up until this video so today all of us
will be going through her Instagram
Dean's for the first time
so this shall be very interesting okay
baby Elle Elle I know you're upset right
now I know I know you don't want to do
this can daddy have permission to go
through your Instagram okay okay I'm
sorry I have to do this back you can
daddy have a kiss
oh it's being sweet today my heart yes
that's mommy why you being so nice cuz
I'm reading your dance for the first
time is that why why she's a cue pie
looking at beautiful pictures of my
queen we're gonna be checking her
Instagram dance
all righty let's see what I'm getting
myself into like nervous to see it real
are saying I feel like they know that
we're gonna read it so that's finding
some messages right I mean who else
would be controlling her page that's
true
shall we go to her account as you can
see I have both accounts on my Instagram
Li leaves along with mine let's go to
hers boom there goes al lively make
broma if you don't follow her make sure
you follow her instagram is e ll e l now
let's go to her Instagram DMS Wow L
lively you have quite a few 99 plus
request message inferior oh I know let's
click on those wow you just received a
message six minutes ago six minutes ago
six minutes ago 20 minutes ago thirty
minutes ago thirty five minutes ago it's
quite interesting so now as you can see
we are in jardines right you scroll all
the way down those are my babies DMS so
let's let's just start with the first
most recent deal baby are you okay why
are you happy over there
she came in next to me because he
doesn't want you to look at oh you think
daddy's gonna be upset
sit right here there's an exit exit oh
you don't want it too thick for daddy
I'm uh sit next to you let's go through
this right now okay these are all your
DMS do you see that yeah you know that
first most recent PM someone sitting you
it okay okay Oh a picture of a baby girl
no this is a boy
oh don't worry someone is some parent is
sending my daughter of pictures of their
son too huh
okay so so it's just pictures so it's
just pictures heart and hearts I think
we're trying to go with this and this is
not happening
Dulli next Instagram DM you're trying to
leave she's trippin I don't know
you've gotta be here for this honey we
got to have a serious talk oh I know
what you want you want it you want a
snack huh you want yeah she needs the
snack whenever she feels when she feels
I am as an actor yeah here goes your
fruit snack I apologize that she gave me
that earlier next DM um someone just
asked my baby how much she charges for
uh what's her feet what's her rate for a
shout-out oh my god someone's asking my
baby how much he charges for a shout-out
um she won't be selling them now
something
delete okay anyway you like those little
eyes next um some guy comments and say
your dress is beautiful your dress is
beautiful yeah
so my question is does he mean her dress
is beautiful or a dress is beautiful
you know I'm saying don't okay thanks
next all the next day it was sweet
someone said oh I love you so much you
and your family are beautiful that's
very nice of you okay let's go a little
deeper in these games and if this video
I'm not sure if you guys remember cuz
princess just walked in the room right
yeah I'm talking about you and I wasn't
here editing the video you know what she
asked me she said daddy
do you like my cheese I said what
oh you're wearing what were you wearing
at six months old a cutie king mommy
yeah daddy does not approve that she
looks so cute
oh my gosh she is beautiful okay next
she's gotta live in a lot of these
ladies mmm nexium else so cute you guys
make my day a hundred times better
I wait all the time for you guys to post
your videos you guys make me happy you
Catherine in Austin you Catherine Austin
because she's sent a message I love you
guys personalities and your contagious
laughter oh that was so sweet thank you
I mean so much thank you
someone DML how I'm going say what kind
of product do you do hair like she got
her apply water so MS is Lu you you
should come with me to a pumpkin patch
oh it was a little giddy up like eight
years old that's cute
oh hell naw oh why you J Kelly sellin
Asajj oh boy have you talked to your
daddy
Donna's plane don't know he did Kelly
has a son a little younger than you did
holly has a son little younger than al
his name's Assad he got a Instagram -
this is pretty interesting because she
has so many games I can never go through
all of them but this is kind of fun can
I can I always read your Instagram games
even when you get older no what am I
gonna do okay okay I won't read it no
more oh god I think that's it for the
day is that is that it for the most part
her Instagram games are pretty clean and
I appreciate everyone who respects out
someone said when are you gonna start
your own YouTube channel that's a good
question
when are you ever gonna win either shirt
when I can talk man
what are you gonna start your YouTube
channel soon soon after Christmas does
it look daddy's glasses you want to wear
all right guys I think we read enough
Instagram teams today leaving the show
you leaving the show early alright say
bye today's family to buy a stamp I'll
close it up do you want to give him she
wants to give him a kiss she always
wants to give a kiss my game a kiss
i'ma kiss hey guys alright sorry to say
buddy's family bye
I'm surprising you want to read my DMS
should I you just gave me an idea I
guess I will stop reading you Dani
Catherine and I'd never read each other
teams I've actually never looked at your
on the ward okay that's a little far no
I we don't ever look at each other's
phones is that a bad thing or a good
thing I mean really the same person do
you get the same messages I think I
think you so hopefully L allows me to
continue to read her diems for the rest
of her life she's gonna see this video
like 10 years from now be like what's
your name again
Instagram l1 I already know this little
girl's gonna give me a heart attack that
as she gets older
well it's okay cuz I'm ready for it
imagine these two girls
no no way no way the next one will be a
girl the next one and now will be coming
soon will be a bully but that is it for
today's video hopefully you guys enjoyed
that video if you did you gotta give it
a thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe wait I wasn't supposed to say
that just yet we did give a notification
shout out almost forgot before we close
out today's video we do have to give our
poll so the case of shout out to the
women
sincerely Angie with two E's at the end
and she said I'm a new ace family member
trim that Bell button on and I'm toast
y'all gotta be running from my dorm to
class haha much love so shout-out to you
shoutout to you girl thank you so much
for having our pulse on a case you
turned on L why do you keep doing fruit
snacks no damage is good say obviously
if you like this video you gotta give it
a thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
family always say we'll be back with
more videos please say peace say peace
say P say peace
