these days
all right family so I'm kind of tripping
out right now because Cathy and I just
pulled up to the house we just got home
literally like just pulled into the
garage and like I'm speak wait bro bro
furl you didn't do that hold up guys
Patti is gone we just got home and Patti
is gone I swear on everything I love I
par Patti right here run as you guys
know I am a park Patti right here when
we left and she's gone like oh my god
what what the fuck
hold up Babette for a worse patty toad
for what
oh my god guys this is so effed up right
now like I look so excited to come home
and now I'm pissed
whoever's watching this whoever stole
our golf cart I don't know what to say
I'm so hurt right now
are you kidding what though
oh you know to say oh my god i'ma have
to follow please please report on my
damn golf cart you knew you knew look
her picture look picture she's riding
Patti I should have known
oh hell no I should have known all right
I got you bro I got to ace family you do
not understand we pull up in the garage
I was looking like wait something's not
right where's patty as soon as I knew
patty was gone I pulled off the camera
because I was like wait I got a feeling
someone stole patty I'm pissed right so
I'm over here stressing and come to find
out my boy has Patty chilling in his
garage as you guys know my boy dropped
ourselves at the airport so he had the
keys to everything our home shall be
patty so he Joe would you come again
so before you pick us up at the airport
just now
he took Patty home with him and decided
to prank me all right all right all
right
you understand brawling a police report
on a golf cart
I was like no way oh my God thank God
paddy safe I don't know what I was gonna
do that's crazy
so wait so you were a part of it too oh
okay okay okay you wanna team up on me I
don't want to team up on me okay I got
something for that ass okay no legit
like I thought that was gone
I thought someone came in because some
people know where we live so I thought
so and came and just took him I was
gonna be so sick I love Patti hey family
I got some coming just know that but
damn it's like 2:00 a.m. right now guys
2:00 in the morning coming home excited
to jump in bed and go to sleep and be
happy to be back home and then next you
know Paddy's gone it's all good though
it's all good
but hey look let Al's best friend
violent made for us we got off the plane
and we saw this welcome home you know
you made it for us did you make it for
us thank you
high five we love you you guys didn't
understand I ran back here and I was
like where's my camera now I'm kind of
paranoid to walk in our home
bro you better not have done that inside
the house Yeah right bro after I turn
the camera off he goes wait you guys go
inside the house imma be hot if he does
something else I'm gonna get you look
nasty yes I'm gonna get you a little
auntie looking nice yeah nah shit yeah I
should let the thing close on them we
were pranksters this shit now huh I just
remembered I forgot my phone
the let my phone and that's how you know
I was scared I left my phone and
everything in the car nah bro I can't
wait I've been waiting for this moment
let me go on first move on first throw
throw throw throw her probably going
first she never know you never know you
never know
oh we good we good we good it's someone
in here if you are reveal yourself is
anybody in here we're home so I'll be
right here you get out hold on let me
check hole up the coast is not clear let
me check hell's room first or anybody
makes a move anybody in here huh Oh baby
we left the Krispy kream out damn best
friends forever
thank you for picking us up in the
airport and pranking us huh yes guys I'm
so sick right now you know what to say
Mike this is someone expected am I gonna
get Matty back or what so I'm gonna get
it I guess I'm gonna get it tomorrow I
guess I'm Patty's over here I'm not sure
if you guys know this but Shelby isn't
here either
he still has Shelby - we got to get
Shelby and we got to get patty so
hopefully you guys will see them soon
y'all think y'all funny huh wanna prank
me wanna prank me hop they're coming
home from a long trip well guess what
try to get out try to get out upstairs
uh-huh yeah uh-huh try to try to get out
the gate upstairs you need a clicker
yeah how you gonna get out you need a
clicker huh you should just wait till
somebody uh wakes up - it's 2:00 a.m.
how you gonna get out see you guys
they've been up here for about 30
minutes
what if you do it he's trying to get out
look if you flick but where is he going
where is he going
uh-huh you want to try and prank daddy
this is what you get little nasty ass
can't get out should I open it and then
closer to get before he gets back in the
car
let me see I'm gonna opening in the
close of the gym
oh he's Thursday you know you know with
me yeah you're lucky I'm a good friend
guys this is what happens when you've
been gone for so long and you miss home
you leave the luggage there and you just
jump in bed we just got home and you
already want me to read to you home bad
bad we just got home and you already
want me to read to you look like a hyena
so happy to be home
oh my gosh guys you don't understand how
happy we are to be home what should we
do tomorrow you celebrate should we go
get our Jamba Juice for Shogun a haircut
oh my god oh yeah oh yeah for sure so
haircut JAMA juice fries go eat a nice
restaurant this is why they look ratchet
by the way oh my god you need some help
Hayes family we apologize in advance if
we look dusty because it's the truth
guys when we got here when we landed to
the United States of America I was in
line so I'm the longest line ever at
customs because I for some reason
thought that there was a different lines
for Canadians so L and I went to the US
side and Katherine went to the Canadian
side right I just went somewhere where I
thought it was supposed to go but yeah
she know where the hell she was so the
line she decided to go to was long as
hell like should have been there
probably for at least an hour right L
and I were in a
where was probably like ten people we
were in and out quick we got through
really quick and so as I get out I'm
looking to make sure I'm looking to see
where Katherine is she's like literally
sprinting with some dudes so I'm really
looking live what the hell is where she
going supposedly the dude isn't a family
member and he helped out Katherine and
got her to a line that was much quicker
and literally she got through in about
ten minutes so thank you your name is
you know that you made my day and I
thank you there yes so whoever you are
we thank you so much and thank you so
much for being a part of the a family
and thank you for taking care with you I
felt like it wasn't the right time no we
were just in a rush to get home that's
all but thanks bro appreciate you great
story babe great story Gracie but ya
guys won't be honest I do not feel like
unpacking right now I'm probably not oh
hell nah go get in the bath but like I
was saying probably gonna wait till this
weekend because I don't feel like
dealing with that I know I can't be the
only one who feels like that when they
travel and been gone for so long I just
want to relax feel my family and be home
my Solheim here feels like we're doing
Panama put the AC on hey guys I'm weird
when it comes to like being hot I hate
being hot like I rather be cold than be
hot no I'd rather be cold to be hot
because if you're cold you can always
put clothes on or put something over you
to keep you warm but if you're hot
you're just hot damn you really did just
prank me just now like I'm letting it so
like low-key I keep forgetting that
you're the one who pranked me
you didn't think they're gonna go
through with it - in the morning - in
the morning guys you think I'm playing
it is 229 a.m. it is too early to be
pulling pranks I'm mad at them when I
should really be mad at you I'm not mad
but I'm you know like in my feelings a
little bit because I love Patti so much
and I wasn't expecting this to be pranks
when I got home but it's all good
because like I said you know daddy
always comes back with the pranks
all right guys about to get ready for
bed real quick and I'll see y'all back
in a few oh hell naw guys this was a
text about them trying to prank me we
want to steal Patti how dare you oh my
gosh my baby so beautiful you just got
out of the bath baby okay you're all
nice and clean now huh
you happy to be home well you look happy
to be home check it are you taking a
selfie and daddy brush your hair real
quick it looks kind of crazy
okie-dokie daddy needs a communist here
- hey y'all don't be judging me I get in
here cut some moral first thing in the
morning better than nothing okay that's
all you need but you're beautiful just
the way you are no matter what you're
beautiful okay well like I was saying
guys I'm sorry at this video a short I
did not expect to film today looks like
Katherine had other plans
Cobb besito cupcake and daddy a kiss
hey can daddy have kiss I love this
girl's kisses so much it's like gold so
yeah guys it's almost 3:00 in the
morning and uh I was pranked I was
pranked
no but seriously though I should have
known it was them because they had our
keys but then again I wasn't thinking
that he would do that because he's not
the type of friend to prank no
especially not him like he's such like a
good dude and like my other friends are
more why say it again oh you're saying
if you weren't in on it yeah yeah for
sure
like I said there's people that know
where we live and that's kind of scary
and we actually I don't want to give it
away but um stay tuned for an upcoming
video we have some exciting news to tell
you guys but like I was saying I wasn't
expecting him to pull a prank because
he's not a friend to pull pranks that
makes sense like he's a really good dude
and I feel like he wouldn't want someone
to feel some type of way like my other
friends I just don't give a fuck do
whatever but Jonathan I wasn't expecting
that bro but now I know what type of
person should I got something comfy
let's imagine how a patty was really
gone like baby what we do
out for sure go get like tomorrow I'll
go get a new one but it just wouldn't be
the same like it wouldn't be Pat
it'll be like Charles or some shit oh my
god I can't you believe I'm filming
right now look crazy Gavin said she's
staying far away from the camera more
like some fungus some old fungus I just
plain bad bad love you so beautiful the
most beautiful woman in the world
so since today was just supposed to be a
traveling back home day do you have a
post on vacation shout out person sorry
guys like I said I didn't know we were
filming today or else I would have had
someone ready Katherine wouldn't have
someone ready
Katherine always has someone ready
though she has like a list of people on
her phone I feel like thank you so much
for having our pulse on vacations turned
on we love you so much whatever else
like a post on vacation shout out all
you got to do is subscribe to the ACE
family turn on our pulse notifications
and then comment when obviously if you
like this video give it a thumbs up I
guess like comment share and subscribe
and hold a holoholo before we close out
this video if you are still watching
comment below
hash tag patty is safe did you do it
okay cool and like me and my beautiful
family always say they don't want to be
in the frame with me right now but it's
all good I guess I just close up with
myself like we always say we'll always
be back with more videos peace oh he's
so happy to be back home
