so today does not look like a pool day
hey guys what's going on everybody so as
you guys can tell from us not posting as
much as we usually do we've been
spending so so so so much time with
their family trying to get acquainted
doing touristy things shopping as well
as the Wi-Fi obviously being so
disrespectful we haven't been able to
post as often as we'd like to with that
said we just want to say that we are
super super overwhelmed by the fact that
we have so many eighth family members
here in Panama this is such a small
country and for some reason we just have
so many people here it's insane we had
no idea so we just want to let you guys
know that we are so so happy to see you
guys and meet you guys and you guys are
the sweetest people ever you guys came
up to us and you know a lot of you guys
have been in the lobby of the hotel did
kind of show you guys where we were in
Panama so you guys kind of figured out
what hotel we were so a lot of you guys
have been in the lobby a lot of you guys
have been around the area you guys have
been given us gifts thank you so much
for you oh my god bringing me candy it's
candy he gets so happy because candy is
literally all you ever won thank you but
no we just wanted to say that we are so
grateful for you guys you're so happy
that we have this many people like
around the world still so overwhelming
and we also want to mention that the
level of respect you guys show us is
literally so amazing you guys know that
we have a baby and so we're constantly
constantly looking around us and just so
aware of our surroundings and you guys
are so sweet and so respectful towards
the fact that we do have a baby and you
know we want we want our own privacy we
want our own space so thank you so much
I know that means a lot on top of you
guys being so positive all of your
comments and all the engagement that we
get from you guys is literally all
positive it does not go unnoticed
just know that it doesn't go unnoticed
we see a lot of your guys's comments we
obviously can't see everything
person because you know we do have to
live our lives we do have to create more
content we do have to keep the keep the
show running but we do notice a lot of
you and we appreciate that yes the ones
we do notice they're always positive
trust me we noticed that first people
who comment on our videos and the first
people who like our video obviously
everyone who Tunes in to us we
appreciate you guys as well we just
wanted to you know express our love for
you guys and for we've been wanting I
know we mentioned is quite a few times
throughout a lot of our videos but we
really want to have a heart-to-heart
with you guys because we really noticed
a here in Panama today there has been a
quite a few family members who already
left back home her dad her stepmom and
her brother over there entertaining you
they're still here so today we're gonna
go out find some good food explore the
city a little bit and just have a good
time because we only have a few days
left obviously we have to take you guys
with us are y'all ready to explore
Panama City with us if y'all ready to
get this video danza and recently I'm
noticed you guys have been more engaged
and normal you guys have been really
growing you guys have been really liking
our videos commenting like we've noticed
that it's funny because there's a lot of
times where people will just watch our
videos and not comment or not like but
we've noticed you guys have been doing
all of it and we can't thank you guys
enough so just continue liking the
videos keep showing love too much
because we will end up giving you a
shout out trust me we will find you yes
so we love you guys so much just all go
have a good time y'all ready that's good
about to find out ace family members are
outside of our doors too
I was clear
alright guys so there's no one outside
of our door but it could be by the
elevator or down the lobby but to find
out I'll see you saturday am your you've
been here since 7:00 a.m. it's currently
noon guys thank you guys miss school
alright guys were going out the lobby
now well now it's a lobby
alright the camera is on what do you
guys want to say ace family on three one
two three this for us oh my gosh glass
yes but they use like candy melt yeah
it's okay I still love you and I was
like I'm not gonna find them but I'm
just gonna try let me give her a hug
guys that's the candy I was talking
about thank you so much
wait do you see what I see over there
see what I see no way no way hey
families all over Panama yeah alright
guys so remember when Katherine I said
we're gonna go walk somewhere to find
some good food well since we met our ace
family members they told us that they
would take us to the mall to get some
good food so now we are in the car with
a stone there were so nice enough to
take us and look at these guys they're
packing the car they're packing the car
oh my gosh I swear we have the best
supporters in the world
guys thank you so much now we're just
all one big family so from what we hear
I guess you can write like this in
Panama or not get a ticket right yes but
in the States
you might go to jail for this it's okay
because I couldn't walk here it's better
than one all right guys we are now in
the mall
as you guys know we're getting a
smoothie first
so now on to the food I think we're
gonna get wings own wings and burgers
sounds delicious right now
oh my foods ready guys I got some
barbecue boneless wings here look at my
beautiful girls grubbing like always
looking like some I eNOS is it good baby
it's good yeah mmm swing that flag girl
swing that flag
swing that flag baby Bebek show that
he's family your new flag show him your
part you're part Panamanian shown the
flag shown the flag you crazy guys
catherine was a smart one and got a
phone case her phone looking like mine
shown the front just got it four days
ago and already cracked the screen yeah
before you guys leave would you like to
say anything to the camera would you
like to say anything today's family all
right guys
yes we'll come back thank you for
everything we'll see you guys later bye
see you guys
alright guys so now we were back with
Catherine's dad we just want to give a
huge thank you to Christopher Markus
Jonathan and Landy thank you guys so
much those are the supporters are with
us today who drove us all the way to the
mall and who was looking out for us it's
crazy because when we got our hotel
they're waiting for us and we told them
that we were planning on getting food
and we were gonna walk to get food but
when we were about to leave when they
suggested that we not walk in that area
or find any food in the area because
it's not a very good area to walk around
it
so she offered to take us somewhere to
eat and she mentions at some moment
please
well thank you so much Wendy and thank
you to your friends Christopher Marcus
and Jonathan for tagging along it's
crazy because we just got done
mentioning in the beginning of this
video that we have the best supporters
in the world in fact we got to meet such
good people very last minute that helped
us out we can't thank you guys enough
thank you so much and the viewers are
probably thinking wow it's family you
guys are so trustworthy you guys trust
anyone that you meet honestly
our supporters are so real are so cool
are so humble down earth can tell if
when we meet you guys we can tell that
we can see it and honestly it's just
it's crazy because we did not expect
today at all like we were planning on
getting food staying in our little
locations but our ace family members
took care of us while we were out here
and we didn't expect it at all so we
didn't really do too much today I didn't
really get to see my other family
members that I've been to meet up with
today so right now we're just at the
Hard Rock
no not exactly
I think Ryan and I and my father-in-law
we're gonna go play basketball tonight
and get some panamanians so this should
be pretty interesting cuz I haven't
played in a while and we're gonna be
playing against some panamanians I'm not
sure how good they are we're gonna find
out tonight so make sure you stay tuned
for that but I didn't bring no
basketball shoes so I'm not sure all
this gonna work out I think I'll be good
so let's continue on block walking back
to our family and the fort is still up
as you can see L is so tired
all right guys I'm gonna rush I got to
go to the room and find the closest
thing I have to basketball clothes
because Ryan and I are about to go to
the park and ball some people uh so uh
wish it's luck I guess we just walk in
okay yeah they lookin like they're
playing kind of horror we gotta wear
some ankle bracelet or something it's
sweet I'm not really sure how to do this
do we so we just got next April do is to
say it do we just say we got next or was
next okay guys I'm going to point lines
a little short compared to back home
hayashi wish me luck
we're known as little freckle it's the
fresh meat
Hanna mocking but
pretty much they cheated yeah no we just
got beat bro how you feel right now I'm
a little disappointed I need a little
bit of help out there but uh we're gonna
get after a next game yeah
whoa oh no that's some Panamanian
basketball right there all I gotta say
is those guys we're acting like their
last on the line out there taking that
game serious hey family all I gotta say
is I was taking it easy on them because
if I had my basketball shoes may be a
whole nother story but it was fun
playing in a different country different
culture and I haven't played in a while
I had a good time shout out to my
father-in-law be in the camera man you
got some good footage yeah
oh no no keep my hat on I need a haircut
maybe that's why I'm wearing a hat cuz
Danny's a haircut this is bad
I need a haircut bad haven't got a
haircut in three weeks that's not like
me at all
for those who know it's been three weeks
baby guys for those who know me you know
I get a haircut every six days I
think actually every like four or five
days is bad like I'm addicted to
haircuts and fellas you feel me like you
need to keep it crispy but no seriously
though like it's so bad to the point
where I'm feeling uncomfortable like
fellas you know what I'm talking about
like after so long you have got a
haircut you start to feel weird and like
right now yes right now I even look
weird like 400 L can you get you you
come in if you don't want to talk to the
Hayes family then get your butt out the
frame show Babette
I'm embarrassing my hair right now but
no for as soon as I get back as y'all
know my barber Kenny Bland's coming to
the house right when we land and he cut
me up because I need it bad and today I
was thinking about getting to cut out
here but I'm really trust nobody cut my
hair there's literally only been like
two three three people in my entire 25
years of living that I've cut my hair so
I'm very picky who cuts my hair so I
can't so I miss Kenny blends I miss
because he keeps me looking fresh
I play pretty well it sounds like where
the hell is Catherine but what I'm doing
I'm lotioning up my hands Karen over to
relax and chillaxing
by the way guys this water bottle was
six to almost seven dollars
why is Panama so expensive why so
expensive guys won't be honest I'm kind
of excited because we leave tomorrow I'm
kind of sad and excite at the same time
because we leave our family they go back
to where they live we go all the way
back to LA we're just away from them
so I'm kind of sad for that reason but
I'm also excited to be back home because
there ain't no better place than home
yeah I kind of want to get back in my
own bed get back in my own you know a
little environment get back to being
consistent posting these videos for
y'all because this is what we love to do
and ever since we got out here we
weren't even able to do that so we're
gonna be back to our normal schedule and
when we pulled out these videos all
right and as his well leader but no in
all seriousness though like this trip
was so necessary and I can't be more
like thankful that we got a chance to be
out here with all of Catherine's family
like it meant so much to me and I know
it meant a lot for her and the fact that
like I got to meet like almost her whole
entire side of her family was pretty
damn cool
is there a reason why you love lotion so
much what are you doing here what's on
my hands thank you baby thank you guys I
discovered this today this is the cutest
thing ever watch this Ellie what's he
mad at trick okay look you ready look
you see this right here right
you ready you see it huh
you guys haven't noticed the reason why
the bed look so big is because there's
two together all right baby let's get
ready for bed I'm gonna leave it laid
out put put the covers on you the covers
on you yeah you go hug yourself hug
yourself hook yourself love yourself
remember before we go night-night we got
to love ourselves all right so can we
talk about how we are so close so close
to three million guys we're almost at
three million ace family members l 3
million no baby no no all right all we
gotta say is go get your best friends
your teachers your grandmas your
great-grandma's co-workers your teachers
your friends your neighbors your flight
attendants get everybody guys yeah and
once you get somebody who has not
subscribed to us once you get somebody
to subscribe to us tweet us who they are
and tell us that you've got them to
subscribe okay but yeah we're almost had
3 million are you guys just as excited
as we are like are we the only ones
happy here
yo we've Kanan we we've come a long way
guys you guys made this possible should
we do something crazy for three million
like something crazy like right now I'm
just thinking of it right now like no
we've done things great we've done crazy
things right but like this one I feel
like this is such a big milestone three
million that we should do something like
you know when we talk about crazy
usually when we hit a million what we've
done in the past
you guys are a standing members you guys
know that we just make a video of us
watching the countdown and us hitting
you know the million or two million
whatever it is yeah that's true we never
know when it's gonna happen
actually no and it's gonna happen
because we'll say something like oh
we're so close to this number and that
happens quicker than we expected yes
this time we should do something special
and something crazy what do you guys
think let's not below imagine if we had
the countdown like not in like a movie
theater or something or like that would
be coming or like at a carnival or
something crazy or like the countdown on
like like a what are those things called
the fairs or - that's kind of crazy
comment below if you guys have an idea
for us but yeah the ACLU is growing day
by day so if you're not subscribed to
the eggs family makes you join and be a
part of the family all right guys I'm to
be honest I stink and I need you in the
shower and get ready for bed I know me
first no me first row you take the
longest shower girl you'll be taking
showers no I don't play fro though
because really takes so long like you'd
be looking like somebody haunting when
you get out Austin don't watch your
daughter while I'm in there if longer
than I do and I have to do all of that
in there the reason why I take somewhat
too long showers because I like to relax
in the shed it's the only time I get to
relax I let the water hit me you know
that hotness like to steam up a little
bit I like that
listen to music I like to vibe in the
shower I know some of y'all like that -
don't laugh at guys so before we close
out this video we do have to give our
posts on vacation shout out - whoo baby
Gabriella Gloria
and so shout-out to you girls thank you
so much forever
they're from Panama shoutout to you
girls thank you so much for having our
pulse notifications turned on whoever
else would like a pulse notification
shoutout all you got to do is subscribe
to the ACE family turn on our pulse
notification which is that Bell button
next to the subscribe button and then
once you do that just comment when
you're done right
right obviously if you liked this video
you've got to give it a thumbs up y'all
give it a thumbs up if you think Elle's
beautiful like I said if you like this
video give a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful family what do we always say
we'll be back with more videos peace say
bye say bye oh she wants to oh she wants
to cover like daddy
