mommy and daddy woke you up early this
morning we didn't even have enough time
into your hair I'm sorry a daughter with
the van's daddy with the vans were you
going are you going are you going hey
Seto Missy don't give me Brizzy doe
kappa Sita Sita come here yes kappa Seto
thank you baby besito I'm waiting I'm
lady I'm waiting
Osito Osito come ma please thank you
babe so much love you ready to do the
intro with me you ready - then show with
me I just didn't show hey you don't
wanted to intro with me why not bye she
said bye baby
we have to the intro I need you to help
daddy oh my god
say hey ready say it one two three say
it five guys
my princess doesn't want to do the intro
with me today so I guess I'll do it
myself
hey ace family what's going on everybody
so we woke up super early today we have
a bunch of stuff we have to get done
because today is the day that we leave
town for a week I know you guys are
probably wondering where we're going
some of you know some of you may not
know we don't know I should just keep
watching cuz you'll find out you guys
are probably wondering where Catherine
is she is currently an 18 t right now
she's trying to get her phones activated
so we can use them today and we can use
them for our trip so Catherine is inside
handling Matt I don't want to come
outside get some fresh air and we
figured hey let's do our intro outside
together you know daddy-daughter time
acetal okay and then after we get our
phones activated we got to go home and
pack because we going on a trip ain't we
going on a trip ain't we going on a trip
hailey : aren't true oh and I know I
can't see y'all but all of y'all
watching y'all looking like a snack
y'all better get ace hat and join ace
family all you got to do is go to a site
collection net or just click the link in
the description our ace family March
will be there Catherine I haven't been
on a trip in so long and we're gonna
make sure we keep you all updated on our
Instagram so make sure follow us on
Instagram if you don't already follow us
my Instagram is Austin McBroom as you
can see got tons of pictures of just me
and my family and make sure you follow
my cleanness in her Instagram pictures
of how beautiful she is along with my
daughter last but not least my beautiful
princess her username is just Al that
easy e ll e she's gorgeous maybe here's
your Instagram tell them to follow you
okay
tell them well your hair looks crazy I'm
sorry
yeah hold the camera while me and mommy
finish the phones you talk today's
family okay you vlog
why are you showing your chin rolls
hi ace Bentley sorry she's giving you
guys a headache we finally got our
phones activated I'm hyped and now it's
time to pack our lives away right ladies
right yeah we're gonna need more luggage
than that yeah what we're moving wait
are we actually moving we're gonna leave
LA I swear going on a trip with
Catherine she Lily packs everything like
everything in sight she packs clothes
from back when she was in kindergarten
she packs it's crazy like she needs she
needs the biggest suitcase possible
she's like a she needs like a Motorhome
of luggage like literally because we
have this little princess right here
antisocial right now but I literally
have to pack everything and I can't miss
anything so I'm gonna be and we only
have like a three hour time frame so we
kind of have to rush all right guys so
I'm in there right why Catherine packs
so what do we need to bring 4l so first
sure some dresses dresses like that like
that it's gonna be hot out there right
raining oh hell no I'm not liking it
already
you almost gave it away huh don't tell
them yeah they have to find out they
have to keep watching oh I like that one
too damn mail you got L you got all the
nice clothes yeah alright guys when I
pack I'm just grabbing do you think
I see I'm just grabbing what else on e
yep
that - mm-hmm take that is that easy for
me who do you think you are you're
supposed to be helping mommy pack what
do you think you are W a lot of clothes
huh this house okay just for you
baby where's your diapers put your
diapers in there put your diapers in
there put them in there put them in
there you go good job yeah good job baby
good job more MORE okay let's grab these
all these okay here you go
put them over there good job baby good
job so as you all can see Katherine is
super organized when it comes to packing
and and when it comes to me just packing
you I'm just like hey we all gonna get
there I won't put you in there he'll let
me put you in there mommy I can't forget
about my ace hats I guess I'll just take
a bunch of them alright guys think we're
all ready to go girls ready guys I know
it looks like we're moving but we're
just gonna be gone for a very long time
all right guys so before we leave we
have to announce something a lot of you
guys have been tweeting us deeming us
commenting on our YouTube channel about
us having our own reality TV show and we
have decided we have decided something
we are not doing it we're staying on
YouTube with our ace family because we
love you guys too much and we've
invested so much time that we should
just keep going and we were already
leading towards not doing it anyways we
just had a meeting and it just happened
to be that we talked about it and we
want to share with you guys because you
guys are a part of our family so now you
guys know so please don't worry you all
ready to go yes guys now we're on our
way to pick up my friend Jonathan for
those who don't know who he is he is
Elle's best friend's dad so he'll be
dropping us off at the airport so we
don't have to worry about the car being
at the airport for so many days I'm not
gonna lie guys I'm actually gonna miss
our home
I'm so glad that some of our family
members are staying at our place because
while we're gone we're gonna have people
come in and work on our home so our
family's gonna stay there and being able
to take care of things we can't while
we're gone but I'm such a homebody
that's gonna be sad being gone for so
long
I don't know why I keep saying so long
it's really not that long it's only like
a week but it's definitely longest I've
been gone for and this is actually my
first time going out of the country I've
been to every state playing basketball
but I've never been out the country is
that crazy all right guys we're picking
up Johnathan right now I was thinking
about making him drive so he can be our
little over driver Hey hey you want to
drive senior over driver this might be
the greatest thing of all time every
time you hold me close this is a
different kind of
alright guys we just made it to the
airport now he's gonna figure out what
we can do it on his luggage
oh yeah the computer was in there guys
hopefully the computers are okay if
they're broke there won't be any vlogs
on this trip so hopefully you want to
check them in when we get inside we're
gonna check it make sure the computers
are okay hi bro appreciate you looking
out make sure make sure you take care of
Shelby for me take care of Shelby bro
bye Shelby i'ma miss you Oh Shelby we're
gonna miss you bye bye bye bye not gonna
lie guys i'ma miss Shelby Shelby's like
our second child I'm so confused right
now why is the airport so packed it is a
Tuesday night
guys I am NOT a fan of waiting in line
all I got to say is good thing we're
business class and you get to be VIP
yeah baby are you excited to go on the
trip you excited yeah yeah we get to
gonna get on it
I bet she heavy she heavy
damn Bahamas tell me god this
International Airport's popping Burberry
Gucci you know I got to go in Gucci I'm
gonna start flying international it's
like a mall guys traveling as a family
with so many bags who wish we had Patti
right now imagine driving Patti to the
airport yes the food court look at my
baby can happy look at my baby my baby
whenever she sees food she goes crazy
she loves food so this is why you're
happy huh huh or waiting for the food
but I check up on the computers and make
sure they're open of truth here we go
baby
we're about to see if we're gonna be
able to make some vlogs on a trip if the
computers are ruined
there will be no vlogs I'm sorry to say
that's hope
hey it looks good so far let's open it
up
yes yes it works all right we got one
more computer in here one more
oh my god
thank God who does it work
does it work
yes yes the computers were broke all
have been so sad so have you guys
figured it out yet we are flying
international that's one hint you guys
know we're going comment below I'm baby
should we tell them yeah there should we
wait who's back so I checked the
computers and they're good to go last
time we dropped the computer is
shattered it was over with so what'd you
get me why Mary Catherine she knows what
to get me when it comes to food guys I
don't know about y'all but whenever this
lights up again
oh yes time you love both my girls like
some a eNOS both my girls look like some
they look like some I eat is right now
all green look at him look at God yeah I
came in front though this does look fire
yeah damn guys the planes about to
leaving I forgot my snacks
I cannot go anywhere without my candy
can I hurry hopefully don't eat me yes I
found my section um what do I want what
do I want
I think I'm gonna go with the trolleys
for sure trollese sour bike crawlers for
sure what else do I need what else do I
need Austin think think think
lifesaver gummies oh yeah oh yeah all
right guys I got my snacks now I got to
make it back hope it in Italy I got my
girl some trees
oh gosh L is not going anywhere without
her fries hum baby show me your ticket
with your fries we're going on a chick
we're going go oh where the first seat
right here oh hell yeah the first seat
on the plane don't you we going on at
you we go in on a chip we go in on a
chip
since we moved in and got everything
situated we're gonna be on this plane
for about 24 hours
incomplete only six hours I couldn't do
it good thing is flights like six hours
long which means which means we are
going to Panama we're going to Panama
y'all so if you're new to the channel or
you haven't heard me say this before
which means my dad hasn't met Austin and
has
yo I hadn't met your dad that's what
raised well I gotta say it make sure you
watch the next video cuz I'm gonna be
meeting her dad for the first time I'm
kind of skating asanas spoken smite not
plenty of times obviously they haven't
physically met which was so crazy
because I'm so excited I feel like you
don't have but
I don't know if I'm gonna like cry or be
super excited like I don't know you
interested so my dad lives in Spain with
his wife Natasha and my little brother
Joshua so they've got to Panama two days
earlier so what
they are poor and all of Catherine's
family is gonna be here it's literally a
family reunion my entire family is there
I haven't seen a lot of people like my
grandmother and my aunt
so my mom's gonna be meeting us there my
brother's gonna be meeting already and
it's so crazy because I talked to my dad
on the phone
but I haven't been in the same room with
in so many years probably like 70 here
which is so crazy and we're also going
out here for a wedding yeah so we're
gonna so it's kind of like a reunion
slash wedding so this trip consists of a
wedding but it's kind of an excuse to
have a big lorry at the end or so
positive means meeting every single
person in my family we're all gonna have
a chance to you know mingle pull some
pranks on people have lit blog it's
gonna be possible so six hours in the
too bad we're just a little concerned
because al she's been on a flight before
but never for six hours for any baby
that's long but she'll be all right we
got business class we got some room by
our feet she gonna have a little picnic
down here eating her snacks and goodie
you could sleep down here okay lay down
lay down lay down good job in there lay
down good job babe and lay down
it's your night this is where you go to
sleep tonight okay Wow you're so
beautiful baby why are you so cute stay
right there and I need you to take a
picture
this is snapchat worthy this is snapchat
worthy stay right there
ready 1 2 3 model
I know everyone watching this video is
likewise on the ground it's so dirty but
honestly this is what makes her happy so
alright fam about to get ready to take
off so we do either close off the video
but if you made it always to the end
makes you comment a nice family loves
you more than a fat kid loves cake
comment that below and before we close
out today's video we do at the other
post on vacation shout out to Lube ever
our certification shoutout goes to
shout-out to you girl thank you so much
for having our pulse notifications
turned on whoever else like a post
litigation shout-out all you gotta do is
subscribe to ace family
turn on article syndication send comment
obviously if you liked this video you
got to get a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful family always say and like me
and my beautiful Queen always say we'll
be back with more videos peace
