where's your baby baby get your baby
which hold your baby okay you holding
your baby give you you have your baby's
blanket - yeah okay it's too hot for the
baby to have a blanket oh you want me to
hold the baby okay okay okay you want me
to give the baby milk milk when you milk
the baby okay
I'm milking it mommy has to give the
milk or daddy oh you give it to mommy
okay give it to mommy mommy has to milk
oh you need the blanket to the Bo she
knows good job baby
yay good job high five good job kiss the
baby besito no you ready to say it one
two three hey I smell a you say it
before we start with the intro would you
like to say anything okay anything else
how old are you how old are you good job
baby good just so today we have a bunch
of running around to do obviously I'm
gonna take you guys with this like
always I hope you guys enjoyed that we
take you guys with us so we have a
meeting later on today and so to bypass
time we're gonna take l21 our favorite
spots which is the coop the coop is a
playground for kids they have like a
ball pit you have slides just a bunch of
just fun this and violets gonna be there
of course I was best friend ah you want
to see violet yeah she's a li
okay okay bye and then after we have fun
at the coop we have a pretty serious
meeting thank you thank you better thank
you
take the baby take the baby where's your
toys where's your twenties go get your
toys
go get your toys bring some toys back
bring some toys back okay that's the
only way she'll leave us alone if we say
go get some toys but then we have to
play over there
so it's like two minutes of just me go
bring the toys mama they're a little
nasty Anna are you gonna bring to toy
the blog she's looking like somebody's
auntie why don't you Chan look how many
toys you think I think - I think three
three toys looks like a big toy you so
after we have fun at the coop then we're
gonna head to a pretty serious a meeting
we have today I think you guys will be
pretty excited of what our meeting is
going to be about and we're actually
excited because we don't know what to
expect yet we just know that's what it's
about I mean we have an idea it's gonna
be about a whole bunch of different
things but one of the ideas it's pretty
interesting because it's something that
we never thought we would do yeah or
haven't talked about really of the
meeting if I won't film it but we're for
sure going to share it with you guys
after we're done so stay tuned for that
he'll you ready you ready to go to the
coop let's go to the coop go get your
shoes wear your shoes honest honest
about this I understand what about those
King go get your shoes cook your shoes
okay go pick out some cute ones kay
good job you know your closet is huh see
ya okay which ones do you want to wear
today you know where these okay you put
these on okay go put them on good job
shut the door good job I thought you
were gonna put them on hell you ready to
go what are you doing what are you doing
show the x-family what we got okay you
gonna show them what we got
Oh open it Oh what are those glasses
you're all grown you gonna put the
glasses on - you gonna put the glasses
on now put the glasses on baby yeah
you're a big girl why you putting them
on baby you going through all the
glasses do you have any hair for daddy
oh those ones daddies let me see you let
me see if they have something for daddy
oh yeah they got some for daddy isn't
kind of nice so shout two glasses
usa.com for hooking us up they even got
my queen over here looking like a
beautiful teacher try the other ones on
Oh
incognito with those I see so we
actually just got these glasses in
yesterday and it's perfect timing
literally because we're going on a trip
next week and it's gonna be really sunny
there so we're gonna need some
sunglasses and then I'm gonna see my
brother and my dad as well and they wear
prescription glasses so I'm gonna be
gifting them two pairs of glasses that I
feel like they'd really like and that's
one thing why I love glasses usa.com is
that they have so many different styles
that they can almost guarantee you that
you'll find something you like so they
have over 2,500
different kinds of glasses look at even
L loves them you like them baby L you
like the glasses okay just different
types of designers sunglasses glasses
that are for like sports and stuff which
is cool so they have like every type of
sunglasses and glasses yeah I'm not
gonna lie did you see their quote nice
to see you it's funny very clever yeah
how come you're not wearing any can you
wear some hey I think these will look
good on you okay you got to block the
haters okay
these are hater blockers let's see you
girl
Hugh Bob she's feeling herself right now
she's feeling herself a special offer
going on right now like literally right
now so we're gonna put the link in the
description for you guys so you go check
out what that offer is and I promise you
they promised us we're gonna promise you
that I guarantee you you gonna find
something you like because I like all of
them to be honest and they give you a
risk-free shopping experience oh my gosh
so you mean to tell me if I order some
glasses and I don't like them I can
return them that's crazy what the
company does and basically it allows you
to see the glasses on you before you
even get them which is really cool so
nicely like you can go online and then
just see how they look on you and then
order them if you like them and if you
don't like them you can return them
whatever risk free shopping so which is
really cool what kind of like these two
looking like somebody's uncle for real
they got Ray Bans - I actually used to
have some like this but then I lost them
which ones L guy which ones you got baby
you like those ones let me see what you
look like in those oh you're looking
like somebody's Tudor in those you're
gonna wear those today you are the Ray
Bans yeah I'm gonna guess I'll wear
these all right family I'm gonna show
you guys some cool bug glasses usa.com
if you go to their website they have a
virtual mirror try before you buy all
you go do is go down to number two the
virtual mirror
you can see right here it says Tryon
there's all different kinds so say I
like say I like these Tryon I'll click
on upload photo click on photo library I
really don't have photos of myself so
I'm just gonna pick this one random my
guys are applying the glasses on me and
Wow that is amazing so that's what the
glasses would look like on me simply
amazing
whoever invented this is a genius I wish
they had this for close about me just
feel different let me see those I think
some look good in these let's check them
out so awesome and I think that we have
like the plugs for like every type of
shoe and then his dad literally has like
the biggest plug ever because these
shoes aren't even released yeah you're
like how did you even get these they're
less snow on the ground okay let me
graduate and y'all know how me my baby
like some ass shoes so we got my babies
right here hopefully they're not fake
cuz they're not even released yet so
cool oh my gosh I can't wait to wear
them today
I'll be trying to get them all oh yeah
those are sake I'm telling y'all right
now what did I tell you about that you
need to start cutting things with
scissors so you don't break it I love
that iceberg I love these are nice huh
oh they're not everyone's style but we
like them l you where's your pair you
want a pair
well we'll get you up here baby I
promise I'll shout to my posture look at
me if I clean up with matching shoes
thanks dad we love them I'm feeling good
today
glasses shoes shoes wait sunglasses just
funny going out you know why would you
even say that model dog yeah I know I
thought you were a funny joke cuz you
don't even go out you want to go to the
coop and see your best friend okay let's
go we have made it to the club
you ready it's literally called the coop
look by the ten let's go
you girls go you guys go play okay let's
take your shoes off
ah look out it looks so much fun look
what I got a basketball hoop they got a
dance dance revelution okay they got a
teepee I got it all here they got a TV
it's popping in it you ready to go in
you're gonna slide
okay Oh mommy's gonna go
now you all want me to go with you let
me go with you
so L is not really liking this like a
doc
she holding on for dear life
else hold on for dear life
then why can't you go by yourself baby
baby l usually loves lives
well this is like your worst fear today
what is going on all right since you're
not having a good time - big lab of
Gotama whoo
isn't this for kids only so she's having
a good time and nails over here not
having a good time he'll at least come
with Daddy go play Dance Dance
Revolution we gotta go dance come on
help give me your hand give me your hand
give me your hand reach L dance dance
dance dance dance dance dance dance
dance sorry guys we're exhausted we got
to get ready to go to our meeting y'all
ready to find out what it's about
a family we're here at the meeting about
to go in so wish us luck all right
probably can't take you inside but I
promise you when we get out everything
we wanted to tell you exactly what
happened
we're just gonna wait till we get mama
to explain everything so make sure you
guys bought your popcorn get your chips
get your candy we got some news to tell
you
are y'all are you ready to hear the news
I don't think they're ready the section
are you ready to tell the news this is
actually pretty exciting but it's a very
tough situation it's very intimidating
situation actually yeah it's a very
intimate even topics yes she always
wants to be in the mix so whenever I see
you if you're gonna be here you have to
talk to them as well okay no help okay
so you're gonna stay here listen no
you're not what you gonna do
go get your baby honest it the way we go
get your baby all right guys so we just
got back from my meeting as we said we
don't want to like linger too much on
this topic we're just gonna tell you so
we've been planning on having this
meeting for a couple weeks now
and we went in the meeting knowing that
this topic was going to be brought up
the reality TV show idea so before we
had this meeting we never really thought
about the idea obviously the idea has
been brought up and you know several
different ways but we never really
imagined that we would have a reality TV
show I think we're so used to being able
to edit our own videos and just put out
what we want to put out and as you guys
know we work really hard we work every
single day on days that we're not
filming we're also working on different
things and so we have a lot of things
going on and besides that we're also
parents so that's you know that's a lot
of work that we
yeah yeah we already have enough things
on the plate as is so they brought it up
and they kind of just gave us like the
pros and cons it gave us more cons and
we were kind of like should we do it I
don't know
so now we want to ask you guys please be
honest with us you guys are part of our
family so we really want to get your as
opinion so just comment below what you
guys think
so we already pretty much made our
decision we obviously want to hear your
guys's input on it but we are going to
be finalized finalizing in the next
couple of weeks and we will say that we
love filming we love being able to make
our own videos and direct our own videos
and show what we want to show and you
know like with our videos were so
genuine with them we really do just show
you our lives obviously we don't show
everything but I feel like we do show a
lot and having a reality TV show would
almost make us like have to start like
drama and like just certain things that
we would show just to make the show a
show you know obviously there's things
that we will share there's things that
we don't share about as far as like by
showing us you really just get us on top
of our support system you really have
the best support system meaning you guys
are ace family members the mountain love
and support you guys show us is
unbelievable and with us only doing
YouTube for a year look how far we've
come all together as a family
and we literally owe everything to you
guys because without you guys moving
even have a channel we wouldn't be where
we are today we honestly can't thank you
guys enough for it and so there is a lot
of factors coming into play when talking
about having our own reality TV show and
so we honestly make this video to share
it with you guys cuz we do want to get
your guy's opinion on this and like
Catherine mentioned if we did happen to
do our own reality TV show it would not
be the same as this channel at all it
would be full of drama and probably read
Kane and John and probably things that
we wouldn't be comfortable filming so
you guys let us know what you guys think
but but you never know because it could
also be a good thing because we wouldn't
have to you know think too much about
what we're gonna film and just kind of
like bring it up and then we have camera
people but then again I don't want you
know a camera crew around all the time
you know l lo the camera but I feel like
it's just so much more natural and so
much more
our little do you agree you agree okay
she said yes so whatever decision we end
up making is what's meant to be so we're
just gonna pray about it get obviously
your eyes is opinion on it and we're
gonna move forward so thank you for
tuning in as always before we close out
today's video we do have to give our
post on vacation shout out today to
whomever oh wait before we give our post
we get to shout out guys the countdown
is closed only a few more days away
until September 30th our song will be
dropping along with the today's post
notification shout out goes to Isabella
High and her comment really got my
attention because she said something
that I always say she said the next baby
they're going to have will be a boy and
he will have blue eyes just wait and
you'll see
and I literally always say that does she
say that yeah she said it in a way like
as if she like knew like you like tell
my future yeah that's crazy
a lot of people honor both of our
families have blue eyes his dad has blue
eyes my brother has boys my grandfather
hug blue eyes and so you never know
guess we'll just have to wait and see
I'll shut up to you girl thank you so
much for having our pulse imitations
turned on whoever else would like a post
something is your shoutout obviously
subscribe to the ACE family turn on our
postal indication which is click that
Bell button and once you click the Bell
button just comment when done and
obviously if you like this video you've
got to give it a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful Queen and my crazy baby over
here always say well we always say baby
Bahai yes we'll be back with more videos
peace you go on PB good girl oh the
camera still on and see you guys there
baby the camera was still hot and don't
forget to check out glasses usa.com to
magic daddy link will be in the
description guess we can say bye now
right baby say bye say bye
I think even though the cameras on I'm
sorry by him
