welcome back to your channel guys what's
going on everybody
I don't know if you guys
y'all know if you guys can tell but L
their nose is running cuz she's teething
what is that face what is their fins
their nose is running cuz she's teething
show him your teething yeah look show me
your teeth sorry teeth show me show my
teeth so we're getting a late start
today because we've been working on the
song trying to get it ready for all of
you to be able to download for Saturday
Hey right Saturday we're only two days
away y'all ready obviously by the title
we're gonna prepare your Saturday for
the big day we're gonna go out run some
errands so today we'll be preparing for
that we honestly have no idea what we
want to wear
Austin was mentioning something about me
wearing maybe a dress and I don't really
feel comfortable wearing a dress right
now so since we don't know what we're
gonna wear we have to go shop for an
outfit for the video so hopefully we
find some today I'm doing this last
minute so we do everything last minute
literally well not everything but like
certain things that we're not supposed
to do last minute we do so we end up in
like a real situation but we should be
fine so y'all ready to hang out with
this for the day let's do it before I
leave the house that half of this song
smells so good fellas whatever cologne
you use now just throw it away and get
this Creed thank you later and before we
continue on with this video I do have to
give a huge shout out to see geek so if
you're a real a family member you
remember it a month ago that I got
Catherine's special tickets for her
birthday that we now get to go to and
now since she knows what the special
ticket says her birthday did pass we
will be going to go see Bruno Mars so
like I said see geek found the perfect
tickets for my clean line that will be
attending very soon and since I am
working with them not only are they
hooking me up but I got them to hook you
guys up as well but for the also don't
know let's see geek is sick he gives a
ticket app that puts all the tickets and
one place to make buying so easy it's
amazing you can literally look at the
app by the event that you're interested
in look at the pricing for all the seats
to get the best deal possible so I'm
working with them I've got you all a
little gift
they already I got y'all 20% off promo
code witches right here yes 20
sing-off y'all 20% off must admit I love
y'all and I'll also put the link in the
description she all can check it out and
so since I know everyone's gonna love
the app I'm gonna show y'all how to use
it real quick so here's the app right
here click on me and create a login and
make sure you put your location mine is
Los Angeles and now let's find an event
let's see oh there goes Bruno Mars
you'll want to join me and Catherine hi
Bruno Mars just click on that let's go
ahead and browse by category let's click
on a music festival
let's click on jackhole as you can see
it shows you all of the seating for the
show along with the price for each seat
so say I want to sit further since the
pricing is cheaper when you sit further
and you know you haven't got your
paycheck yet so let's just sit further
so let's say I have received my paycheck
let's sit close so the price for that
seat which is a really good seat is 295
so if you click on close it'll show you
good deals with all the fees they
include so let's just say you don't like
j.cole go down to the bottom where it
says tracking click on tracking and
it'll show you every one that you're
able to see honestly how dope is that
seeking is the plug now go click the
link in the description go download the
app so you can go see your favorite
performer and again just thank me later
and we're here in the first store
get it up get it get it get it get get
it why are you always looking at
yourself why are you so beautiful baby
your outfit today is scaring me you're
looking so much bigger you see anything
you like with it no Elle wants to join
you go ahead ever
go ahead mommy mommy's trying on a dress
go ahead alright Emily so I think
Catherine might have found the dress she
wants to wear for the music video for
Saturday y'all ready to see all right
ace family are you ready to see what my
queen is gonna wear for the music video
one two three
did you really think that we're going to
show you her outfit before y'all watch
the video go crazy now y'all really want
to watch Saturday's video because my
queen
you try to look at mommy
it's not sure if you guys noticed but I
am wearing a snare we have link will
always be in the description
get your hat join the family huh
oh my gosh she's kidding let me see a
lively look at the camera so we are at a
new location I've been here for nearly
ten minutes and I walk through the whole
story and you find anything I'm looking
for something that is sexy but also
classy that makes any sense
that makes sense better but I thought
you'd like the thing at the other place
I did but since I don't have any pants
for I want to keep looking and if I
don't find anything I'll resort to that
and hit some pants all right and guys we
haven't even got around to me yet I'm
more picky than she is so this is gonna
be difficult this is why we need a
stylist yeah we need a stylist guys if
you know a stylist or a few our stylists
please reach out to us DM us to the
sending stylist yeah she's hit us up
because we are looking for someone who
can make us look nice so as you all know
this is my clean right here and as you
can see it says it right there
okay you guys are getting way too heavy
for me to keep carrying Oh am I telling
you this
sure I told you to bring the stroller
and you said you didn't want the
stroller you're right I hate that damn
children come on babe you guys start
using them legs honey
God gave me them beautiful chunky legs
start using them come on you don't want
to use them
Oh 75% off I like that
where's L where's L I don't know where
she went
are you my mom where are you mama
my MA where are you oh you heard mama
mama mama hug hey Sammy kiss
there's a puppy there's a puppy say hi
to the puppy this he or she bite no say
hi okay it's okay he's nice no you
trying to say behind a thing you'll say
hi say hi say hi
look at my plane over here looking for
some sexy yok you
well look who it is if you say it ain't
so
the birthday boy who's she giving you a
stank face
she said nah she said I was random I was
expecting to see Landon and Charlotte
here but those who don't know that's my
brother it's crazy because he is now 21
he just turned 21 yesterday that crazy
he's 21
are y'all about to take a break from
this whole shopping thing this is a lot
difficult than we thought so we'll see
y'all back in a few are y'all we're back
we're now in Zara and we're still
looking for outfits so wishes left no
luck and Zara guys so now we're in North
strums this is our last resort if we
don't find some here then it might be a
problem but for real if we don't find
something here I think Catherine's gonna
go back to the first spot we were at and
get what she saw but me I might just
find some in the closet hopefully you
guys like it daddy is changing honey
daddy is changing those legs are so
chunky and cute open the door you're big
enough open the door you're tall enough
I didn't think you can actually do it
how'd you do
why we have no improvement literally
we've been here for an hour you still
don't know what you want bye
can you can you pick something out for
me yeah okay thank you pick something
out for me please okay we'll see you in
a little bit okay go get some for daddy
never get back okay
did you find something yet oh you
thought you found something Wow where'd
you get that from thank you baby
you only look at the back Oh Silas
oh girl you got style what do you think
you are who are you talking to girl you
looking like a butterscotch nasty so
exhausted but I finally found something
now we're gonna go back to the first
spot we were at and captain's gonna get
the first thing she saw
so you finally found someone so we show
not yet come oh come on right now please
oh come back to the house and the stuff
that I bought I didn't like so I figure
I just wear this for music video you
guys like no I got I got a plump Loki
you saw my shake it doesn't even shave
why doesn't it shake it's like I'm
freaking a rock like a fossil back there
no can go take it off please
Yuri stretched it out completely hey
looking big so I'm just no where does
the music videos that cool
no no no like this no they sound like me
so for the most part today was pretty
successful I just can't wait for y'all
to see Katherine on Saturday her outfit
is whoo this is exciting for us because
this is something completely different
than what we've done we've shot
something close to what we're trying to
do but not exactly and Katherine I love
shooting stuff like this because we just
love like being close together like all
lovey-dovey that's what we like and we
would only do this if it was gonna come
out fire so expect fire so like I said
if you guys are ready for the music
video give it a thumbs up all I gotta
say is don't miss out mark it down your
calendar right now Saturday not sure
exactly what time we're gonna be
dropping it probably between 12:00 and
4:00 maybe just be ready Saturday and I
know you guys are probably wondering
what my girls are at right now they're
in the living room having story time so
as soon as I close this video I'm gonna
go join them so before I close out this
video I do have to give a post
notifications shout out to whoever yes
sorry for interrupting your storytime
our land Rhea sis me that's a very
interesting name our land Rhea sis mean
shout-out to you girl thank you so much
for having our post on vacations turned
on whoever else like a post
notifications shoutout just subscribe
today's family turn on our post
notifications and then comment win time
actually if you really want a shout-out
just get your ace merch now the link in
description obviously if you like this
video you got to give it a thumbs up
like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful family always
say we'll be back with more videos peace
oh oh I'm not leaving it my baby she
brought me books for me to read to her
look at her look look look
Rodney books need to read to you oh say
bye
