what's going on everybody
so if you can't already tell today we'll
be doing the who knows me better
challenge so as you can see we do have a
special guest on our channel which is my
pops Allen so you already know who's
going to be going against who got my dad
first my fiancee so this is how it's
going down I got a list of questions in
my phone I'm going to be asking each
question after I ask the questions
they're gonna write the answer down on
their board and they're gonna show you
guys I'll be looking at them to see you
again some right whoever gets them right
the fastest wins that question make sure
you keep track because the loser what
about now lose wanna do nothing but
we'll see who knows me better and
obviously to make it fair I picked out
questions that they both should know the
answers to remember the name of the game
is whoever gets the question right the
fastest whoever's quick with the hands
and shows them the answer ends right
when's that question okay alright so
before we get started I'm not sure if
you guys notice but I am wearing a
family hat link will always be in the
description so make sure you get your
hat and join the family so y'all ready
let's go all right let's get question
number one what is my zodiac sign oh
come on oh I'm sorry sorry sorry hello
hello both y'all better keep your eyes
on your own paper I'm the teacher here
and I can't say anything so there to be
write our answers down they don't get it
right they're gonna keep writing in so
they do get it right and I'm not gonna
say no y'all ready what is my favorite
food
just favorite food in general
okay what is my dream car how many
piercings do I have got the next to my
pops got one how many kids do I want oh
okay ding ding ding since she won the
three you want to avoid your fiance
three pops one you got to redeem
yourself pups let's go next question who
is my favorite NBA player oh oh I know
this I know oh I think maybe
Oh Kady Iverson that I percent of all
time that's Katie right now and save all
time I said who's my favorite basketball
player
sorry Beyonce three pots too high five
next question what was my highest
scoring game in college
oh that's a good good oh I know that's a
good question
oh my god it's in the back nine wrong
wrong
what are you wrong wrong there comment I
just watch on holidays it's it's under
40 no yes I never score over 40 in
college but it's close Oh what is that
35 wrong wait 39 Yeah right
are you sure very nice you scored 40 I
did it I guess what hey Justin I think I
know I played so score is three to three
how old was I when I got arrested this
guy was a senior in high school last
number that Bush he fits four to three
pops is a movie next question what is my
favorite type of music
oh you've gotta be a little quicker bet
I've got it real quick
y'all both kinda pops got it first score
is 5 2 3 oh yeah next question you're
ready to write this out pretty quick so
what does my tattoo say in the inside of
my bicep my family is my biggest
blessing wrong my father
inner inner this is inner bicep right
here this is my father my willoughby
that is not my father in my will 15 in
the whole I know I don't know it has to
make sense it's close my father built my
well-being
yes for you this is the last question
what pops gets it right he wins my
fiancee gets it right and then there's a
bonus question already
what is my favorite holiday
for you yeah
so you sent your 60-something you got to
get it all dad well thank you sorry uh
daughter mom ace family you guys know
who the winner was yes it was my pop
shops my pops
now now catherine has to jump in the
pool but naked I'm sorry baby
damn you guys did good though you guys
pretty much doing every question it
alright alright
I'd like for some reason I thought
you're gonna ask what age did I get my
braces and I'm trying to figure that out
they're like oh yeah your questions I
have to revisit this in there if you're
yeah hey Sam if you really enjoyed this
video and you want a part to makes you
give this video a thumbs up maybe you do
maybe they can send in some question my
mom and my dad my the way the countdown
to our new song and music video is 9
more days - on September 30th we're
gonna be releasing those amazing a
family makes you mark your calendars
right now September 30th which is next
Saturday alright haste family before we
close up this video we obviously have to
give our post indications shout-out to
whoever so today's post notification
shadow goes to candy lys and she posted
this a really long comment and would
read it yeah we would read it but it's
live like an essay so show it to you for
always showing love and thank you much
and thank you for having our post on
vacation turned on whatever else would
like a post on vacation shoutout you
guys should already know to to subscribe
to the ACE family turn on our pulse
notifications and comment when done
obviously if you like this video you've
got to give your thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and let me and my
beautiful family always say what we
always think 5 or more video hey
who does got the biggest support I'm the
biggest fan actually bigger than a thing
I don't know sound bigger but but yeah
probably
hey your dad lawyer loyal oh hey Stan
he's pretty strong I do want to say
though real quick just as his dad I
can't thank all of you enough for
supporting Austin and Katherine and ale
and everything that they've got going on
you guys have been a true blessing to
the two of them which has been again
it's a blessing to our whole family so
thank you very very much
that's love that's love right there I
didn't know you were gonna do that just
make sure we're always thinking as
Levanon I appreciate everybody who's
here in the video today and who's
watching so thank you again and like we
always say we'll be back on my opinion
as you see
