these days oh hell no you looking like
somebody's fiancee ah hell nah you
looking like somebody's fiancee aw hell
naw you looking like somebody's fiancee
puppies you want to be a part of the ACE
family let's go inside look
oh he's cute it's cute cocky it bears
Wow his ears are so he's angry hi little
fella
are you tired oh hi little fella you so
cute hi you want to say hi today's
family oh you are beautiful
hi what's going on everybody so what you
just witnessed was us looking at puppies
we do want to get Ella dog from her
second birthday so after looking for
like the perfect breed for a couple of
months we decided that the best thing to
do is actually rescue dog so if we're
gonna be doing that so obviously the dog
is probably gonna be like the mutt or
something we don't know yes we're going
to adopt a puppy today's family yeah so
if you guys have any recommendations on
any shelters in los angeles that would
be great because we are looking either
common recommendations below or DMUs now
we're gonna go on with our day I'm gonna
take you guys to a couple spots and I
like to shop in LA and then we're gonna
go grab some food and then we have a
surprise for all of you so make sure you
stay tuned
all right cemre you guys read this in my
closet this is what I want my father to
look like you're already
imagine if Katherine and I had all these
shoes in our closet
our ace family I'm about to introduce
you to the best grabbing gold spot in LA
I'm not to put y'all on one of the best
spots in LA right here I'm about to put
them on real quick go ahead my beautiful
queen baby can you please explain to the
ACE family how far these drinks are
triple melon lemony Oh what about that
ring though okay you wanna take a
picture you wanna take a picture this
lighting right here is a one you ready
one two three
site got yo ass you lookin like
somebody's fiance our ace family so
Katherine and I've been wanting to do
something very very long time actually
it was the thought and Katherine
actually used to do it back in the day
so we got inspired about one of our good
friends you guys know who he is you will
see him later on today and we're hoping
if if our friend helps us like I know he
can because he's such an expert we are
hoping that it turns out successful so
so we shall see after we eat we're gonna
head there and we're gonna have some fun
it's gonna be different than what we're
used to and different than what we show
you guys it's gonna be fun don't make
fun of me don't make fun of us don't
judge us I mean end of the day it's all
for fun but I think it's gonna come out
don't worry I mean you never know maybe
it'll be like really good never know oh
it's really good really oh yeah I'm
gonna give it away take it away no don't
give it away all I gotta say it makes
you stay tuned for some reason this just
screams deliciousness to me absolutely
delicious
my baby got the bone in I got the bone
out I told y'all was coming here I think
I'm gonna go with the mango madness for
sure - strawberry lemon and let's do the
either pineapple
well colada which one better
pineapple I don't play when it comes
desserts I don't play oh oh the best ice
cream in LA right Italian ice and ice
you don't want a baby I am gonna lie to
y'all this is fired
well baby over here trying to eat it all
but I ain't letting her I let her know
I made a mistake
you said what why cuz you in desert no
because I'm eating yours then warranty
oh I told you should've got your own
fellows don't you hate whenever you go
somewhere and your lady always says she
doesn't want any and then when you get
yours she wants some of yours I hate
that
all right then we bought the head
somewhere we bought the surprise y'all
hey hey hey family guess what we're at
guess alright the man himself with
Travis we in the studio right now and
yes Katherine and I will be making a
song for y'all maybe maybe if it turns
out how we like and then we're gonna
release it for you guys
ace family song I don't know to sing
anymore though it'll be a boy I'm the
one who's gonna have problems with this
I think I water
and I just say ice cream let's see what
like to speed already blend with a
little mood light bar as you can see
alright so right now I'm here going
through beats for Austin and Katherine I
guess I kind of know their style just
trying to find the right thing for you
guys for the song they're gonna make and
making sure it's perfect so a family as
you know this is gonna be our very first
song and we're actually kind of nervous
I don't know if you can tell what kind
of nice when can't be another
about the Popoff so we're gonna keep him
out of this one but he's definitely
gonna be helping us throughout the whole
problem sort of even helping us
throughout the entire thing like every
little word I'm gonna be like how do you
say are y'all we'd love to get into it
y'all ready to get serious take my
jacket off real quick it's getting hot
guys
alright sing some tunes ready alright
still being buzzed you this is the beach
are you all ready
well first y'all ready
this is a different kind
a different kind
he's family I'm sorry that you cannot
listen to the entire song I'm so height
that we finished it tonight yo we're in
the studio all night we just got home
finally finished it and I'm happy with
it are you happy with me I'm happy with
it
I mean we only did it in like about two
hours we did in a few hours and shout to
Glenn because without him none of this
would be possible for those who do not
know who he is
he's the one who sings our intro song
his name is Glenn Travis he coached us
through everything today like he helped
us with it all because Katherine I
didn't know what the hell we were doing
so shout to you bro and Katherine and I
have decided since we made a song that
it's only right if we we decided is very
last-minute by the way yeah don't think
that we've been planning this you guys
and you guys know this is just for fun
like Katherine I've always want to do
this and we decided to do Lexi member
good I'm just gonna help so like we said
it's only right if we come out with the
music video music all the music well we
got you guys on the visual so I think we
should when do you think we should come
on with the music video don't keep them
waiting that long but it's gonna feel
like next Saturday or something who's
gonna take time to make the music video
so we need a little bit of time so we
think in next Saturday excited expect so
not this Saturday the next Saturday so
yeah next Saturday so a family next
Saturday which is September 30th marking
your calendars you right now
yeah September 30th oh yeah ace family
marketing your calendars right now
September 30th it's on a Saturday ace
family is coming out with a song along
with a music video this is a lot of
pressure you're telling them something
that I'm not even like I'm like a
percent sure about getting no we're 100
percent this is so soft I don't know
about you but I'm excited I know there's
gonna be some people who like it and
some people that hate it I hate it oh my
God why would you even do that you think
you're gonna think or a singers no we
just just like to have fun we like to
enjoy life
we do like the song though it's kind of
catchy it is catchy
it is definitely catchy it's catchy well
I'm hyped I'm hyper you're gonna have it
like stuck in your head all day yes yes
it's like one of those songs really I
guess we can started counting down now
huh yeah how many days until ten days
ten days until September 30 yeah all
right ten days countdown starts today
thank you for everyone who tuned in as
always today we did some a little
different some out of our element but
I'm telling you it's gonna be fun so
before we close out our video we do have
to give our post on vacation shout out
to who baby shower postitive vacation
shout out goes to sassy seasons a shout
out to use sassy season that's tough to
say sassy sassy seasons say like five
trans sessi season sassy season sessi
season sexy season that was good so
shots you girl thank you so much for
having our post encases turned on
whoever else would like a post
implication shout out you guys should
already know to do subscribe today's
family turn on our post notifications
and then comment when done if you don't
know where to comment you comment in the
comment section below and you can just
comment done like no missing just
comment done and well no just comment
done and we'll know that you have our
post indications turned off now
obviously if you like this video you got
to give it a thumbs up and give it a
thumbs up if you're ready for our song
to drop and you're ready for a music
video to drop I'm excited I'm actually
nervous for you guys to hear this song
you nervous for everything no I'm really
nervous like this makes me nervous I
don't know why it's not like singers
feel like when they first drop the song
thank you the difference is we're all
doing it for like a joke I know we have
to emphasize on that because I think you
guys are gonna like miss interpret
everything yeah it's for fun they know
they should know that they know we're
not singers around so much we're always
messing around we are they know that if
they're part they sent me they know so
like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful Queen always
say what do we always say baby you know
this is the latest we've ever been out
yeah
since before I was born yeah we're such
parents we're such parents alike me and
my beautiful Queen always sick we'll be
back with more videos peace
