hey ace family that's going on everybody
so it is early in the morning and my
girls are still sleep so I wanted to
leave the house get them flowers and
Surprise them before they will go what
colors do you have when it comes to
roses Shay's family so I think I'm gonna
do red for my princess and white from my
queen oh wait is that purple I love the
Purple's it's purple over here okay so I
decided purple for ale and white for
Catherine and I know some of you
negative people I don't want to call you
guys haters I'm just call you negative
people are probably wondering why I'm
getting my 15 month old daughter flower
so a few negative people this is how I
see it
if her dad which is me it's treating her
like a princess that she is at a very
young age so as she gets older that's
all she's gonna know so when that time
comes which is a long long time from now
it's gonna be very tough for me
when a dude comes into her life she'll
know if he doesn't treat you just like
daddy bye bye hopefully I can get back
in time where there's still sleep I
believe they're still sleep because
whenever I leave the house and Katherine
wakes up she'll call me and she hasn't
called me so I think we're good everyone
get out my way I got some girls to get
home to print off this bread I had to
try me very quiet
yes I did it now we just wait
the camera was right here the whole time
look uh mommy got mommy got him too Oh
like them yeah okay here
Eagle smell em smell em smell em smell
em mmm these are for you okay okay so
where should we put them should we put
them together okay we're gonna put them
together someone woke up thirsty gee
how do you wake up so beautiful how when
you get older boy has to treat you like
Daddy right all right okay good job so
nice so my Barber's about to be here any
minute and I've been thinking should I
prank him I don't know I think it's
still early in our friendship to prank
him because I wouldn't want him to get
mad all sudden you cut off all much so
I'm thinking maybe I wait until he cuts
my hair more often and then I'll get his
ass I think that's a good idea
ace family you don't understand how
happy captain I are right now
so Austin heard the doorbell and he was
like what did you order and then we were
surprised to see actually y'all ready to
see what we got you ready to see it
first before I save it I just want to
thank the eighth family my momma my
grandmama
my baby my friend says my brothers
everyone in my family friends support we
did it guys yes a dream literally has
came true guess who soon as a package
our favorite people in the world sees oh
wow we don't know please read the note
oh look at all these goodies See's candy
I love you bye Austin and Katherine
congratulations on your sweet engagement
we are so glad you found your happily
ever after and hope it's filled with
love love and lots of charm Oh
she's candy Katherine I just want to
thank you guys so much you guys just
blessed us in opinion we can't thank you
guys enough thank you so much for
supporting our family just know we
support you guys back in we're just all
one big family
thank you ex family I've been getting my
hair cut for about 20 years now and I've
always drove or gone to where my barber
was to get a cut but recently I found
someone that was able to come to the
house that's been able to come to the
house and cut me in my home I'm telling
you right now it's probably the best
thing in the world because I get a wake
up hop out of bed sit in my living room
and get cut down to my boy man guys I'm
gonna put his AG his contact info in the
description for you guys you can check
them out hey family I'm look can you
just cut me out wife go to sleep work
with take a quick
Obara the damage is all I gotta say
thought we pranking him soon
our princess you wanted you ready for
the day come on let's go
you don't want to be late to your
interview you got a big interview today
big interview today you cannot be late
okay so thanks family hi
oh you look you look a little crazy
let's go get ready say bye bye say bye
see you guys later
hug and we're back family say hi ready
for your interview you ready okay let's
go do your interview you ready for your
interview let's go go ahead sit in your
chair what do you want what do you want
but okay I'm gonna get you the ball here
you go here's your ball you need that to
do your interview okay good job okay so
let's start with your name what is your
name okay your name is Li Li McBroom
right yeah
okay everybody follow my princess on
instagram
I'll put it above her head and it's L
got lively got McBroom follow her on
instagram make sure you show her love
question number one you ready where is
your nose yes clap it up good job good
job
question number two where is your hair
okay you ready for question number three
how old are you how old are you what
good job okay where is your teeth teeth
yes I gonna do a show good job baby good
job where it is your tummy tummy where's
your tummy yes okay yes to make sure you
tell them to subscribe to this family
good job hold it up hold it other way
other way hold up okay
other way there you go there we go in
there we
now they know to subscribe okay good job
okay so yeah you gotta hold it up good
good
okay so next question what is a puppy do
where's the puppy do next question
where's your ring where's your ring oh
okay
are you leaving the interview alright
guys sorry the interview cut a little
short apparently I'll have to go
somewhere so now we're gonna go and take
a look at a potential home for us we're
currently looking for a home so you guys
are gonna be seeing us going to
different houses from here till
Christmas time and obviously we have to
bring you guys along because you guys
are family you guys are family you're
our family and we love you we have one
appointment for today and then we have a
couple others this week so maybe you
guys will come with us to those but we
are on a mission to find a home our
lease ends pretty soon couple months so
we want to find something that we really
love examine look how cute this is
watching
who wants to ride the caterpillar who
wants to ride the caterpillar
who wants to ride the caterpillar you
know the other way this way there you go
good job
watch this bad watch this all right all
done go get ya you want to ride
backwards hold on tight
can I have a besito daddy said I wanted
a seat oh thank you baby
all right family so we finally made it
to our potential home for things that
we're looking for we're looking for a
home one is a decent-sized backyard with
the pool two is a decent-sized closet
for Katherine and height three is a
nice-sized garage and lastly we want
four or more bedrooms so hopefully this
house has it that's going and see it's
the master right here okay okay with a
view okay
this is the backyard beautiful view does
have a pool which we like I'm sorry it's
family we didn't show you as much as you
probably would have liked the area was
super nice the backyard with the view
and the pool was beautiful but inside
the home wasn't exactly what we're
looking for so we're still in search and
hopefully we find something in the next
three months that we really like Oh
fingers crossed hopefully we find a home
because we are going to be having
sleepovers with the a family members
we're gonna be invite people over to
sleep over we're gonna do the first week
that we move it yeah the first week we
move in we're gonna probably invite
three a family members to come out with
some three friends a friend yeah they're
gonna be friends yeah they are a friend
friends family saying like three like
best friends or like three like siblings
oh that comes together yeah okay three
people like the group true true true so
we're gonna okay I apologize let me
explain it a little better we're gonna
be inviting three eight family members
three people who know each other that
we'll be spending the night at our new
house
I'm so excited all I gotta say is if
you're consistent with supporting us and
showing us love you definitely have an
opportunity to spend the night and have
a sleepover I'm so excited I love y'all
I wish all of you can sleep over and
spend the night but just know you guys
can at least for the night we find a
place so you guys gotta help us okay so
before we close out this video we do
have to give our post on vacation shout
out to whoever
so our polska vacation shoutout goes to
my cousin it's her birthday today
shoutout to you Maya
happy birthday happy birthday Maya thank
you so much for having our post on
vacations Tour lon whoever else would
like a post notifications shoutout you
guys should already know what to do
subscribe to the ACE family turn on our
post notifications and then you got to
comment when you're done and like me and
my beautiful family what do we always
say why do we always say
no we don't say bye yet we don't say bye
yet we say we say we'll be back with
more what videos all right family like
me and my beautiful Queen always say
we'll be back with more videos peace
