someone told me never saw
please don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find a fit I need to believe
in a fungus by simple if you want it bad
dr. sky-high test your limit
when I stopped in France
most that I can see I'm sorry
oh shit they're really towing his car
they're really tall
let's on your car I swear roh-roh roller
tow in your car I swear bro
but I'm at the show bro I want to show
you keeping the lying guys bro bro bro
dead ass roll hurry up look
it's really worked
it's really worried oh my god Oh might
be guys he doesn't know that it's a
brain should I tell them how their
screen bro I didn't know but stop but
you should know by now so park in the
street it says toe everywhere it says
toe
bro-bro
well thank you sir
you're dating you're the man there's
almost mixed emotions better right in
here a heart pounding yeah baby
the word of the day is salty everyone
comment below salty a real shit though
stop parking on the street it says toe
my man right there that's a good dude
right there thank you sir I love you oh
hell no he's still salty guys all I
gotta say is if you are new to this
channel make sure you hit that subscribe
button and join the family and can we
please play that clip back of a tray
jumping over the fence roll it
a family that was probably the funniest
shit has happened in a long time I
obviously didn't record the conversation
of me in the tow guy talking excuse me
yeah gosh so let me talk to the ACE
family it's been a few days since we've
talked in it do I want to talk to them
stay over there so like I was saying I
didn't film the conversation I had with
the tow guy about how we were gonna set
up the prank he thought it was a genius
idea and he was so hyped about it that
it made me more hype to do it like
almost like he was a logger he was just
so down and I love people who are just
down so shout out to you tow guy I don't
know your name but she'll talk to you
you too homie and a family we're back
hey like I know it hasn't been that long
but it's been kind of long it's been
like what like four days that's a
long-ass time not seeing y'all we love
y'all way too much for that shit but we
back and I also want to give a shout out
to see Kiku but I should already be
familiar with them they are the ticket
plug I know you guys haven't heard from
us in a few days but they got us tickets
to the USC verse UCLA college basketball
game and it was Catherine Ives first
college basketball game together well
besides mine you know it was a great
experience we got front-row seats and I
got to watch my boy play you play so
UCLA Aaron Holliday he killed by the way
broke good luck with your conference
tournament games and you know I gotta
give a shout to all my family members
there that were at the game you guys
showed us so much love we love you guys
and for the people who said they saw us
on TV you guys are hilarious it was fun
you guys taken screenshots and tweeting
us the pictures should a good thing I
wasn't picking my nose you guys are
watching but again shot to see geek I'll
put their link in the description so you
guys can check them out if you're not
familiar with them get familiar with
them because they are the ticket plug
and I got a discount code for y'all you
already know what it is it is ace ace EE
right there all you gotta do is type
that in you get a discount on your first
ticket so yeah I don't even know where
to begin
there's a lot to catch up on so let's go
find my girls my girls in here
girls oh the Ducks are back Oh girls
girls hey doing the Ducks are here know
what Abbasi the ducks yeah you would
listen the Ducks in the pool let's go
see the dogs look at the Ducks look
there's two let's go sightseeing oh no
it's raining no no we gotta hurry you
gotta hurry hopefully you don't fly away
hopefully they don't fly away no where'd
they go no I don't know
they'll be back though they'll be back
we'll catch them we gotta catch them
slipping show they stand what's on your
shirt
Shaun Tyrone Tyrone so Tara hey didn't
they tell you I was a savage aha I got
them eggs family they're back they're
back they Loki remind me of Catherine
and I forever in love Catherine is
obviously the one on the left she is the
more beautiful one
I'm the plain-looking one I'm over there
thinking about if our baby is a boy or
girl so where do we begin I guess let's
just start by telling them
so for those who have been wondering
where el Austin and I have been
basically we have been really sick el
started getting sick last week and she's
had a really high fever and it continued
on to the next day so Austin and I
didn't sleep at all that night so we
thought she was gonna get better and she
only started to get worse and so we
literally did not sleep for 4 days
straight we were so stressed out we were
trying to film and it just didn't work
out I started to get sick and then
Austin kind of got sick towards the end
so basically we were really trying to
film we did everything we could possibly
do to try to film we got ready we got
the cameras rolling everything and then
it just couldn't happen like our teen
was going down like one by one I first
started out with bail so I was like okay
I mean Cathy can do it we're starting to
film and all a sudden Katherine got sick
and she went down and then I was by
myself now that all right I think I
could make a video today
I can do it by myself and then I went
down and it was just like okay who's
left yeah everybody then we're like okay
let's just take a little break make sure
we're all healthy and then get back at
it and that's what we're doing today and
you know what's crazy is even when we
try to film just us to it was impossible
we were so stressed out because we felt
so badly for Al and like I was crying
and I was upset and I was getting
stressed out because I really wanted to
get a video up and I just didn't make
any sense we weren't happy we weren't
smiling and so that's basically why we
haven't been here and even if we tried
guys you guys wouldn't know yeah that's
how bad it was
and we didn't want to put out a video
like that but we do want to say how much
we appreciate all of you for
understanding and you guys always
support us no matter what we do I
tweeted a couple days ago about all of
us being sick and that we would be back
soon and all of you are so understanding
and we can't thank you guys enough for
that and so we're back and hopefully
fingers crossed we don't get sick again
we don't get ricci it sucks because
we're like feeling better
Ella's feeling so much about it today
she is dancing this morning's really
yeah she's good and like the weather is
horrible if you look outside right now
it's like so damp E and just dark and
it's like we want to feel better but
like those weathers make
and another thing too is a lot of stuff
has happened all these days that we
haven't been filming which is crazy
because we feel like we have so much to
like catch you up on but there's like a
lot of things that happen that only
you're gonna it's gonna be mind-blowing
to you but we'll catch you up in like
another video or so because we don't
want to make this video too long and we
also have some other news that we agreed
on mutually something you guys probably
already know anyways because we've
mentioned before that if I got pregnant
we wouldn't be doing our wedding anytime
soon and I did get hurt actually you
know what when we made that video I was
already crying
so for those who have been asking if we
are still gonna have our wedding when
Catherine's pregnant the answer is no
now we have to wait even longer now we
had to literally cancel all her plans
tell everyone that it's not gonna happen
this year which is so sad but as you all
would agree Kathryn does not want to
have any legal best of all I don't want
to be stressed out yeah she doesn't want
to have a big old belly in her wedding
dress so change of plans but for the
better right now I'll for sure is going
to be able to be the flower girl it's
gonna be a lot more active and she'll
know what's going on and our new little
one will also be a part of the wedding
which is really tight yeah nothing but
yeah we just wanted to fill you guys in
because we've seen a lot of comments a
lot of people say when is your wedding
when is your wedding
and we just wanted to make sure that we
told you guys personally that it's not
gonna happen this year so what is it
gonna happen they're asking 2019 time
flies by though it's funny because we
literally made this decision like a
couple days ago because Kathryn was even
contemplating this yeah I was like let's
do it like in a couple months I've let's
do it in like two three months and when
I won't be showing that much we were
like no it doesn't make any sense
because we don't want to rush everything
and even though we had a lot of the
plans already like coming together we
don't want to do it like in the summer
when it's like too hot there I don't
know so we obviously want to update you
guys on this so we're all on the same
page so no one keeps asking the question
why don't we get me or they do ask us
the question and somebody else knows the
answer
so our new baby will come first and then
we have something else and we can't say
just yet
and then our lady nobody says a lot of
exciting things coming stay tuned eggs
family it sucks week is like we can't
say anything now so you're like what is
it and then we have more stuff felt like
we have last it's just stuff that like
takes a while like its own
you have to wait till it happened right
so I think we covered everything we're
gonna head and close out today's video
right here thank you all for tuning in
as always you already know we had to
give our pulse on vacations shot up
before it's a love today's video and
that person is so tonight's posted on
vacation shout out goes to Maria Molina
a shot to you area
shout-out to you girl thank you so much
for being part of a family you already
know we love you whoever else I could
pull some vacations out out all you to
do is subscribe to the AL me hit that
subscribe button guys we were almost at
six million remember so crazy because we
haven't even been posting and it's like
so make sure you hit that subscribe
button turn on our post notifications
hit that Bell button once you do those
two things all you do is comment done so
obviously if you liked today's video you
got to give it a thumbs up give it a
thumbs up if you guys are excited for us
to be back to making video so like
comment share and subscribe and like me
in my beautiful pregnant Queen always
say we'll be back with more videos peace
