hey hey sorry
great one great hey guys what's going on
everybody so today we will be exposing
Austin we'll be asking him some really
juicy questions that the AIDS family and
I really want to know what do you all
want to know oh if you're watching this
video right now stop what you're doing
because you will find out some of these
juiciest and juiciest secrets so nervous
so no no I'm gonna see whatever I want
to ask you and I look at my phone are
you ready I'm ready
first question for you Austin mccann
living room what is expose Jesus what is
your most weirdest habit and you can't
lie because I know somebody's my
weirdest head what is your weirdest
habit weirdest happens okay so before I
get the shower I always leave the water
running like I always try to shower on
and then I get distracted and I start
shaving and I'll leave the shower on for
like 20 minutes before I get to it
Oh another thing after I eat like any
meal I have to have like some type of
sweets after okay I got one more I guess
she hates this I tend because the food
is so good I tend to smack what I eat
yeah you can't look at my phone guys
she's upset because I keep trying to
read the card
yeah because I don't want you to think
of the answer okay when was your first
kiss first kissed are our first kiss
know when your first kiss I'm ready
first kiss oh we remember remember
I talk remember that man you don't
remember your first kid no I'm not a
girl girls tend to remember no guys can
remember - I've never known my first
kiss and we're in a movie I don't know
okay our first kiss it was our first
this is not what our first kiss at
speedo and VI it was our first kiss our
first kid was in a bed it was at her
best friend's bed and she was out of
town you guys are probably wondering why
was it in her bed
that's Brendan had a projector and we
were like watching movie and really I
can't say anything oh my god yeah and
her best friend doesn't even know so
don't tell her best friend and if you're
wondering why my charger looks like this
it's not my chargers I shouldn't write
in charge oh that is what's on your
bucket list this year I've already
accomplished the biggest thing my bucket
list
already I proposed to level my life what
are some things he can go a day without
my daughter l my Queen Katherine my
phone those three things they often ever
have a girl stalker yes I had
in college it was my freshman year of
college she was stalking me and she was
always knocking on my time' how she
first she would get in but she would get
into the apartment or the dorm and then
she would go straight to my room and
knock on my door like 2:00 3:00 in the
morning I had to be up at 7:00 for
practice the most annoying thing ever
I've I barely knew who she was as the
weird thing I really knew who she was
no no all right next question what age
did you lose your virginity
is that really a question yet I was 13
did I like Nathan foreigners or not oh I
think so
I think I forgot I was 13 did I ever
knows anyway I was a yelling Savage 13
next question did you ever do anything
bad when you were younger and regretted
did you ask me this question or did they
ask me this question they asked me yes I
have done something that I definitely
regret okay so not too many people at
home nobody knows this but back in high
school I used to steal shop hey everyone
used to steal at least once everyone has
stolen something yes I guess you could
say chocolate chocolate close and at the
time I was doing it with my best friend
Trey event donut radius a nigga throwing
on the bus all right that's eight years
ago yeah so back in the day we used to I
mean we have stolen some clothes and the
time I did do it Trey wasn't with me I
don't know why I decided to do it
without Trey but that day I guess I was
just that bad thirsty for clothes for
new clothes and you guys probably
wondering what store was that I guess I
should tell you that too is that Urban
Outfitters and so I decided to you know
throw some extra items my back hanging
and I walked out and the long run off I
guess one of the items had one those
little sensor things and some lady runs
up she like starts looking my bag and
that moment I was like I knew it was
over for me and so the manager took me
into his office and showed me on camera
like where I was stealing and what I was
stealing and the replay didn't show me
they called the cops and I went to jail
for a few hours
sorry my humps are bent sorry grab one
hopefully grandma's not watching the
visit she does watch it when we see her
in a few days she's gonna be asking me
that's not vibration that's a juicy one
but that moment and experience like
chafe on life forever because I've never
like stolen anything else ever in my
life I never thought about stealing and
so I'm very thankful for that moment and
God's really taught me a lesson so is
there any traits about yourself that you
hope oh yes yes there's one trait that
I'm not happy with that I have is I hope
l is it a picky eater I have such a
picky eater
I am simple-minded when it comes to food
so I hope he'll is it like that once you
get older but because right now I'm
missing on so many delicious foods but I
can't help it because I'm such a simple
eater you know they don't veggies no
grass no salads no rabbit food what is
one thing you don't like about Catherine
oh yeah one thing yeah I'm late for this
question come up on camera if you want
to hear about this question and give it
thumbs up she has the world's stinkiest
that attitude sometimes your example is
so bad that it like I can feel the world
just to get an attitude an example
example yeah you can't just give them
the answer and not explain why what do
you sometimes just randomly have
attitude that it's stank's just like
thing was what just thank you
next question for you if you could trade
lives with one person for an entire day
who would it be in life well that's a
good question one person for one day
human barmal try l my daughter I would
love to try places her phone one day to
see how happy or lifeless
yeah sure I just pictured her on my boom
look at me
what's his all my people majority of the
name
okay well the time she'd known her boob
I'm an experienced at life okay what is
the weirdest scar that you have and how
did you get it the weirdest scar on the
back of my head I have a big scar and
then I go ahead not being kind of blends
in with my hair
sometimes you see someone you can't
usually want to get a haircut you can
see it but I got it I think when I was
like eight years old seven or eight
years old I playing catch with myself on
the fireplace and I fell back and split
my head open blood was gushing
everywhere mom was like that's pretty
bad oh no wait actually this one's
pretty bad to have a scar mocking he and
I shouldn't even see it but have you
guys seen those little like Pocky blanks
little street bikes I actually want to
get one soon I don't like to tell you
but there's little street bikes me and
my brother my brother now I ride him and
I was like shrill I was blowing right
behind him and he put on the brakes like
right in front of me and literally my
pinky when the back of the bike will
slit open my pinky was hanging like this
the meat was just hanging way it was so
part of your hands yeah my dad was
freaking out because he was like we're
gonna do you play sports every day like
what if your pinky is not there no more
like it was it was crazy
no it was like little yeah yeah I could
look at it through the magnet was just
hanging what is one thing you would want
to have the answer to in life damn say
your question or their question their
question that's your question that's a
good question one thing that I would
want to know the answer to in life would
be who is my dad's real dad I want to
know who my grandfather is and so does
my dad none of you guys know this but my
dad doesn't know who was
that is he left as soon as my
grandmother was pregnant and my dad has
been trying to find him for a long time
now he's actually hired like private
investigators to look for him and they
haven't found him so I think that we are
you now saying yeah we don't even know
we do know his name no his last name
wait tell Pelham his last name is a
tarik is so that would have been awesome
love that would have been my last night
cousin Enrique's awesome yeah it doesn't
go with the phone big Enrique's family
but Enrique's family and then we still
would have been eight yes it was still
would have been a split I'm saying like
we would have been in Rica awesomely
broken Katherine Katherine they broke
nests I love l Enrique doesn't go so
maybe he's meant to be for my dad's dad
not to be yeah he does have a great
father
yeah he's actually the guy who tried the
spicy ramen noodle challenge yeah so
shout to you what is your nastiest habit
no I said weirdest nasty nasty is sound
very bad yeah I don't have a nasty habit
I do oh I know I know cancer we wait let
me think know the answers let me think
you didn't think about it you're not
gonna remember I know that Austin okay
Austin doesn't like to wash his shirts
because he says that the it ruins the
the texture of it ruins the whole shirt
okay you make it sound really bad just
now I know first of all okay you finish
it off and say cuz else he doesn't wash
his shirts right so I tell wear his
shirt several time and then he just
won't ever wear okay exposure okay okay
let me come in really quick so for those
who know whatever you buy a new shirt
right it has that like that new shirt
feel right and so I'll wear it for
example in a video right now I'll wear
it for an hour or two or throughout some
of the day right not doing anything I'll
be telling the house to me that's not
dirty to me that's just like oh if I was
actually out you know doing stuff then
it's okay you should wash your shirt cuz
it's probably funky but if I'm just like
barely wearing it to me that's not dirty
because I feel like if you wash your
shirt it's not gonna be the same shirt
after that it hasn't it doesn't have
that new feel normal and it's might as
well like you might as well get a new
shirt yeah he just throws away I'm just
like that's a really good shirt just
wash this I know that's you guys know I
least wash my shirt okay okay so
exposing have you ever had a one-night
stand so for the people who know me you
know that I have to really really like
you for me to do anything with you for
me to even kiss you I have to have
feelings for you because that's just
weird to me I really like Sam I really
like personal when it comes to like like
intimate stuff intimacy intimacy yeah I
have to like really like I'm not unlike
a regular guy a lot of people judge me
because they were like why can't you
just like kiss around chicken be cool
with it like I said weird to me very
rude I thought like really really like
to you but saying that this situation
was was was out
my element so I think we can say yes I'm
having one nice day not one just one I
swear I have one just because you don't
even came
you're right I love the drum kit legit
that's why I was like out of my helmet
it's like something completely different
and it would be for me but I had one
next question next question this last
question yes how do you feel about
people saying that other youtubers well
everyone knows on YouTube people who are
into the YouTube space you know that
youtubers copy of their youtubers
content that's just what it is just a
known fact because it is I admit that it
is very difficult to coming up with
content it is when I mean copy we do
what's trending right challenges pranks
experiments but when you specifically
make up your own video content idea for
example when you have created your own
prank or your own challenge and it
literally is your own because no one
else has done it you literally say it in
your video you say alright we're making
up this challenge right now right like
we're making this challenge up and
another creator does it the day after or
the next day we expect and I hope
everyone in the YouTube space expects
you know Shola give whoever that is some
credit you know because we work really
hard to come up with original content
because usually this usually happens a
youtuber will say you know if they're
still in someone's content they'll say
today we're going to be doing this
challenge I've seen it going around no
you didn't see it going around but at
the end of the day like I said everyone
stills everyone's content we've done it
but people still Channel
stuff that's already out there but like
I said if you have created your own
challenge or your own prank or your own
video idea I don't think they see it
that it's your own I don't think what
would you say that they automatically
assume that you got it from someone else
but I feel like since we've come out
with so many things that are so original
yeah like people don't know that or
don't realize that that's what you know
that so maybe that's what it is they
don't know because end of the day we
just don't care everyone's still each
other's content we've done it everyone
does it but we do expect like if you are
a youtuber and week because we're on the
same space we all want everyone in our
space to succeed we just say that we of
course everyone it's got to eat room and
we want everyone to eat you know yeah
and there's like there's a new other
youtubers out there you know that we
would love to collaborate with if your
youtuber out there and you would love to
collaborate with us that he's family
then spying our dams from we don't
discriminate go ahead and slide my dams
but yeah if you're a youtuber out there
just slide my dams and we will find a
way to collaborate
I love collaborations we only done one
but I would love to do more like this it
doesn't have to be another family
doesn't have to be you know someone in
our category it can be like anybody out
there makeup artists it'd be lovely
anyone so if you want to collaborate
just I guess I do my dance family I hope
you enjoyed today's video by you all
exposing me you guys got some
information that you didn't know before
this video and I must admit these
questions are pretty tough it's very
creative I'm gonna be honest I don't
think I knew some of these answers know
before me in today's video we do have to
give our post on vacation to lumen and
today's personification shout-out goes
to s underscore Angelina 22 sad
to you Angelina shout to you girl thank
you so much for having our pulse
notifications turn them on and whoever
else to like a post on vacation shout
out you guys sharing know to do
subscribe to the ACE family turn on our
pulse notifications then comment when
done obviously if you like this video
you've got to give it a thumbs up and
give it a thumbs up really give it a
thumbs up if you want me or base family
to expose Cather next so give it a
thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and let me and my beautiful
other beautiful fiance always say be
back with more videos peace
