hey guys what's going on everybody so
today we will be doing the duct tape
challenge but also don't know how the
duct tape challenge works this is how it
goes so my brother Ryan will come over
here and he'll duct tape the both of us
he will only duct tape our upper half so
our lower halves are free so hold up
take me first
duct tape queen second after we're both
done being duct taped we'll have three
minutes to escape now we both don't get
out within three minutes then we both
get pied in the face which will suck but
hopefully there's a winner and there's a
loser
so before I forget you cannot do
whatever you want to get out we can only
stand right here you can use your hands
legs so you can you know you want to use
yeah you're not laying down no you're
standing up and your upper half is being
taped to your trynna so I can use my
hands yes but your body's gonna be tape
so you can't want to like this okay I'm
trying to go over here all right and you
better not tiny tighter duct tape us
equally shall we begin
so to our waste all the way up tonight
Oh
I got one for three minutes
I can just not let the best man win
all right guys ready
before we begin eggs family makes you
comment below who do you think is gonna
win Austin or Katherine
it wasn't a parent right now three two
one go
come on 1/3 bro we use each other
I hope with you
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh there's gotta
be a way out when somehow - alright come
on
two minutes three seconds it's not fair
don't care I gave both you later buddy
I'm stuck a lot hard as it looks
there you go Cassie here you go kneel
down a doozy of a body straight let's
kick in
oh no I'm sorry but then it's okay seven
six five four three two Wow bye bye baby
why did he do it so hard alright guys so
for the end I screwed been three minutes
wait can you do it honestly no already
ready okay Kimmy the water's boiling
house yeah why don't you hit me so hard
I love you so much I really look like a
cheapskate are you I know you guys uh uh
oh my eye I can't see okay can someone
god kids don't try this at home don't
shut this I'm good
oh just get us out you're not doing shit
start I don't know
don't just get us out it's gonna hurt oh
my gosh I can't see bro I'm bringing
stuck I brought got you we got you bro
not bad Itza cutter I don't know won't
find the scissors I can't find them
finally a family you don't know we just
went through it's not like all the milk
a saml you only do a lot just for you
guys I didn't realize how hard it is to
get out of that tape yeah it's a lot
harder than it looks
she's bleeding I can't see this
challenge is tough that's a dangerous
wonder not too many people do this show
you guys never do this I've never tried
his challenge ever hey Stanley we
deserve a thumbs up for this one like
comment share and subscribe and before
we close out this video we do have to
give our pulse no indication shout out
to so our post limitation shout out
person goes to bin and drew shout out to
you bro can't even thank you so much for
having our postal vacations turned on
whoever else would like a pulse
indication shoutout you guys should
already know to do subscribe to the A's
family turn on our pulse notifications
then comment win yeah and like I said
obviously if you liked this video you
got to give it a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe it like me and my
beautiful Queen always say Oh
