someone told me never saw
things don't exist in my life these days
yep Scotty
so as you can see Patty's being used
bright and early this morning
cruising down the street and my six boy
daddy's home daddy's oh oh my girls are
beautiful you ready to eat and go see
your puppy you ready to go see your
puppy let's go see your puppy are you
ready we're gonna eat first okay we're
gonna eat first thing we're gonna see a
puppy okay okay hey what's going on
everybody for those who don't know this
is my beautiful princess she's 15 months
her name's a lively McBroom and she's
gorgeous and if you guys haven't noticed
I am wearing an ace family hat as always
link will always be in the description
make sure you get ace family March and
cop a hat and make sure you tweet us too
when you get your hats because you
always want to see like what hat you
bought yes yes and we're also gonna be
introducing Pattie to Landon our new ace
family members so if you don't know who
Patti is you might want to watch
yesterday's vlog because you'll get a
whole like gist of who she is
we show up Perry to everybody who was
the only boy you'll ever kiss good job
baby good you Oh another one oh that
just reminds me cath and I have
something we want to talk about with you
guys so if you keep watching this video
we won't have a serious conversation
with you guys so stay tuned oh she
almost forgot the car boys guys here bro
he has to watch Patti - don't forget
Patti bro this is the newest member to
our family
don't forget her bro don't forget her
okay
looking clean looking clean okay it's
getting there it's getting there
and damn Patti looking brand new whoa I
love my princess
this hat is beautiful on you hey hey
you're forgetting your beautiful
beautiful girl where you go see a puppy
puppy
look my baby's red Patti please take us
to Landon's house in three two one and
we made it
you ready to the puppy get get get okay
hey there knock on the door you want to
see the puppy knock on the door good job
oh come here yes okay you're not gonna
get you you're not gonna get you here
look he's Thanks oh he's silly
mommy's giving him love get a meal
they're both babies hello the stacks
nine weeks in ELLs nine weeks Oh
so cute
want to get a puppy someday April you
want to go see our new ace family member
well you wanna go see our new a family
member those go hot it was go outside
see it's outside waiting for you
we're gonna show you our newest family
member and I think you're gonna like her
it's a girl you have to be willing to
accept her into our family you getting
any type of animal I know that you gotta
wait and see you know I mean to tell you
this you know we both been super busy
but haven't got a chance to actually
tell you this face to face in person but
I'm very proud of you and Shila for you
guys YouTube channel you guys success is
coming a long ways and I couldn't be
more happy it's are you being serious or
not I'm being dead serious about very
proud of you for appreciate that the
love you breath ah don't look yet okay
are y'all ready to see Patti hey y'all
are you all ready are y'all ready to see
Patti come on down come on down he'll
show them your sister we do everything
we save gas and it's good for the
environment
hum baby tell them you try to take it
for a spin
yes all right let's get in let's get in
y'all ready to get in let's get in hell
with you
you gonna get in you guys got your
family we got our family look it backs
loves Patti Arlanda let's drop the girls
off unless uh let's get a real rag on
all right let's pull off the speaker you
want to connect to your phone yeah
connect it right now all right you want
the slappers mother slappers I want the
slappers the haters let's get it
Wow with the mob um dois la Haine Jamie
chambers a piece of mustard yeah yeah
that's right Patti good girl good girl
she does everything she does it all
Patti does it all all right a ceramic
stuff with those who do not know my
brother and his girlfriend they have a
YouTube channel it's called this is L&S
they're killing the game right now they
got like 200,000 subscribers and only
two months
Heys family goes on blood makes you go
subscribe to her youtube channel try to
get to him to three hundred thousand by
tomorrow I'll put the link in the
description for y'all closer my brother
some love he's killing the game he's a
good dude I love him he's my brother
alone wait you ain't trying to race
though yeah you ain't trying to race
though let's go come on Patti come on
Patti I'm not gonna lie to you
you lookin fast as hell over there this
is your time to shine baby this is your
time to shine don't let me down don't
let me down let's go baby you let me
down Patti why you let me down why why
you let me do it I thought we had a
connection
hey man that ain't fair that ain't fair
you got nitrous and your stuff
paddy runs off the Sun haze family
paddy let us down his car has nitrous
and you guys know patty she runs off the
Sun so you know I'm just chillin right
and I look over and I started reading on
this uh monthly agenda and I see some
2017 goals here right they tryna
overachieve they tryin to cover some
dreams and some goals so this what we
have here on this is L&S we got healthy
eating okay we gotta get in shape okay
you already got a new puppy which is why
they checked it off strengthen faith yes
you need the Lord new car I could've
sworn we just got a new car but I can't
create a brand I'm not sure what this
one is and 500k subs a family outside I
told y'all to get them to 300k
subscribers by tomorrow
they're 2017 goal to get done okay so
can we get them to 500k subscribers by
tomorrow a family we are army we can do
it go showing some love alright we get
comfortable and watch movies do you
wanna have a serious talk with a sin
okay all right ace family so Katherine
and I haven't had a chance to talk to
you guys about this and number one
question we always get from people is
are we going to have more children the
answer to all of your questions yes
they're planning on having another kid
hopefully sometime soon we would love
for our kids to be close in age so
Austin is hoping for a boy obviously
we'd be happy with whatever we got
because at the end of the day health is
all that matters I just think that you
know captain has her twin which is ale
and I would love to have my twin and
after that if we get a boy then we
probably won't have another one that's
like it's like the ideal family well
probably have one like way later on
okay maybe but as it like right now we
did a boy it definitely needs a sibling
yes always like have a baby that likes
to be mind stimulated so she likes to
play yes she likes to be around other
kids I feel like she'd be a really great
sister yeah so hopefully they're close
in age so that they can be in like the
same high school I'm like then later on
in life be good friends yeah but say we
do have another girl then um we're gonna
try again we're gonna try again hit and
no pressure right because you guys
always comment oh is Katherine pregnant
I'm hoping she's pregnant but I'm not
pregnant
so I mean when it when I am pregnant I
will be announcing it and I will be I
mean hopefully I find by myself first so
I can surprise you well you never know
because sometimes I have right there
sometimes people find out together and
anyways like I'm always with Austin so
for me to even go purchase like one of
those pregnancy tests I would have to be
alone and then again we have another
girl that makes three girls that's
Katherine for girls or girls in the
house with one guy we're done that's
that way no because then it's gonna keep
happen if you want a boy for me is not
meant to be there do you want to adopt a
boy yeah that actually would be pretty
interesting to adopt I've always wanted
to adopt yeah yeah hopefully the answers
all of your guys's questions yeah we get
that question a lot yes we do
show me how to respond and also before
we close up this video as you guys can
tell today we're kind of like we're not
down or anything but obviously you know
there's a hurricane Emma that's
circulating on this earth right now and
it's causing a lot of damage so I just
want to let you guys know that we're
praying for you and that we hope that
you're safe
yes and a lot of prayers coming from
Nate's family all of us not just us but
everybody that's in our family yeah and
you for whatever reason couldn't fly out
you know out of town and review for
whatever reason couldn't get any gas to
get anywhere or whatever your situation
is make sure that you guys are in his
faith like safe environment like houses
made out of bricks or anything that's a
good foundation make sure that you go
into that because that obviously you
know that's more wind-resistant that's
more water resistant and fire which is
really important at this time so before
we close out today's video we do have to
give our post on vacation shout out to
who better
but today's notification shout-out goes
to luxury Kitty and this person says
this video was officially my favorite
video of all time and they were
referring to the last video which we
introduced patty to all of you
patty makes us happy okay sorry I think
it really was happy like I would rather
Patty than anything like any underling
loser in car will shout to you luxury
Kitty thank you so much for having our
pulse indications turned on whoever else
like a pulse on vacation shout out you
guys should already know to do subscribe
to the ACE family turn on our pulse on
vacations and then comment when done and
obviously if you like this video you got
to give it a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful fiance and my queen always say
that in my videos peace
