hey family welcome back to your channel
guys what's going on everybody
so we are currently at a stoplight right
now and I am on the way to the airport
hey guys every time Ryan comes it feels
like he's not here long enough because
we have so much fun shooting stars
literally gonna catch it
today it's a bittersweet moment it's not
pro green oh wait the airplane hell
holla holla let's pull over let's pull
by the way if you haven't noticed new
hats dropped today huge Labor Day sale
link will be in and is it gonna see it
there you go that's nice so link in the
description makes you get your hats and
if you do get your hats make sure you
tweet us pictures of what hat you got so
Katherine I can show you guys love as
always ace family as you guys know we
haven't had a huge sale in a while so
it's gonna be a huge sale 40% off all
hats let's go get you will be a part
thanks Pamela
you think you think I could stay longer
dude cuz I really want to go but you
have work well the thing is like about
work it's like I don't really have to go
because I work with my stepdad so you
know he's likely kneeling like my horse
right and like I don't know overall you
want saying let me just like think about
it for a second because um I know I
could stay longer and bro you don't have
to shit to do I don't know where they're
running little underwear so listen
forget your flight today I'll buy a new
flight let's make sure we do this bro my
fights like in an hour so what are you
doing already made decision okay we
should surprise Katherine oh yo
so whatever least Katherine gets really
like sad because he lives so far and if
she were to know that he was already
said bye to her she almost started
crying no we're gonna surprise her I
know fun like people will know like like
I just been a farewell dinner for flat
like going to airport she don't have no
idea we're like surprise or somehow like
hide you do something like that you know
what what I'm gonna hide you in a box
like we got mail and you're gonna be in
the box you'll always have like random
milk come to the house so she's not
gonna think nothing of it and she knows
I'm filming today okay so we're gonna
sleep dragging a big-ass box and she
gonna be like struggling so no would it
be you have like some confetti like do
this is scarier all day bro
cares to stay hey family don't you think
righteous
this is one of those moments you say
Yolo you know what it means exactly like
you're not gonna fight you all know how
got me in trouble but you're not staying
for like months you're gonna be staying
for a couple more days just a till
Friday let's do it let's go hey Lia
description new hat 40% off Labor Day
sale escape confetti here we come Broc
Hepler get really I can't believe you
really stay I can't be around your bro
excuse me bro you know what confetti is
confetti good oh yeah this you can't
really aim at someone's face came all
the little ones no they don't one jeez
dude I used to work at a Chloe student
do these you do it bro shut up okay well
this one was this little mini one get it
get the baby to it but I'm only half two
hands
we need one let's go again hopefully
this works out cuz he just missed in
this entire flight to do this to see my
plane to be fair enough so so hopefully
this works out are you gonna come out
the box just like you to come out of the
box
ah here ya go
yeah uh what the hell is that we got
here let's go so we just walk past this
little girl and she was looking at this
pinata and she was like oh ma one is for
my birthday so I was like when is your
birthday she's like it's Wednesday so
I'm gonna find her
yeah Wow you like frozen oh happy
birthday okay a huge stick it have fun
you you have you have friends to eat all
the candy right yeah okay I swear I love
making people's day I love it especially
kids
I swear helping people brings Catherine
I so much joy it's like the best feeling
in the world isn't everyone
so right now we're on our way to Home
Depot to get a huge box to put his s
inside them hopefully they have big
enough boxes set it large we need extra
large right here that's the biggest one
see I'm not gonna fit it look you can
hold it up yeah you can fit in there
look at that
sit that ass down hold on try and sit
down dude I'm gonna fit in here
you are exactly bro you can fit in there
Oh Jim if I've been here brah
there's perfect no you got to actually
sit that ass down huh we're gonna there
you go bugs no sit down there you go
perfect yeah there we go rolling now
well looks like we need a bigger box is
this the biggest box they have no we're
gonna have to do bro we're got to put
two boxes together like put this one on
top of this one and just make it make it
to a bigger box right
oh wait wait we need to take we need
tape tape markers we should write on the
box as if it was like shipped somewhere
yeah yeah right should we make you like
all like wrinkly and shit like it came
from like overseas just take the box of
it are you guys ready so excited I love
making captain happy
all right family it's pretty legit
obviously we can't do the top right now
because he has to get inside so once we
get close by the door I'll finish it by
this is a game plan he's gonna get
inside the box when he gets close by the
door
and he's gonna get in along with this
I'm gonna finish doing the top and then
I'm gonna do react arrest me too
oh yeah yeah we got it right we should
be right gentle gentle we're gonna put
gentle gentle was it like when they have
like you know when it's something like
like it could break her a giant fragile
we're gonna beat it up a little bit too
like it's been through some foot it's
good bro she's gonna have no idea bro
she's not gonna know she's not gonna
know from it's just put a random from
Susan Susan from Susan LePew Susan LePew
that's the name she's gonna have no idea
if we get we get random else in the
house every day she's gonna think this
is a regular box a huge box heavy ass
box and next thing you know you ready
bro
yeah it's ready oh fuck
leave me here too long
you good bro
what you order this time
Babette did you order something what is
this big old box here huh why does it
say home do you know you want to help me
ahem with the box it's bringing inside
what the heck
I'll help us tape in here
come on what's in there what someone
send us
yeah do you need come on come on baby
you or something why does this a fragile
what the hell what's in there you're
like noise in there what's in there oh
my god he's staying he's staying in Ryan
stain Oh bro I know you were I know you
were sweating bro I know the whole
racket from Home Depot no we put him in
there before he got some door guys I
didn't go as planned but it was good
enough it was good
oh my he gets claustrophobic easily know
how you did that
bro I would have been able to do it I
can't well that did you laugh you were
laughing that's why she can't it was a
person yeah that was too funny it was
funny face family we tried our best
hey show me the mats so we have here
that I love you
Dada Dada sometimes I know a lot of you
women would love this hat
we got snack snack for just anybody you
know who loves food who just likes to
snack hoo hoo may look good as a snack
you know it's nothing
we got here Ryan's favorite my favorite
you got the man on the moon you've got
dreams you got what what else
what does stand for right here no
loneliness we also got here come fly
with me Katherine's favorite we also got
a white one come fly with me different
color ways for each hats snack man the
moon you know
Lincoln will be in the description just
get your hats be a part of the family we
also have another big announcement for
you guys we tell them you know we're
gonna wait that don't someone tell the
hotel we're gonna say it for another
video so just make sure you keeping up
with our videos because we have a big
announcement coming really big
announcement yeah you guys know I'm by
the way guys something happened to her
Instagram she still has it but the name
was changed for some reason we're not
sure she got hacked but we're trying to
figure we're not sure what happened
we're working on getting it back to how
it was so if you don't follow her I'm
not sure if you can follow that right
now the name has changed so her name was
just ele el but for some reason has like
underscores something's wrong with this
so cap and I are following the count so
if you want to follow her just go to our
page and look up who were following and
ll be right there so make sure you
follow her on Instagram oh you want to
show them Fifi show them today's family
feet
we're close out today's video we do have
to give our pulsed invocation out to
whomever okay so yet a little boy so
we're at the mall the other day and this
little boy hole with he like seven like
seven years old little boy comes up to
me he's like are you a youtuber and I
was like no he's like yes you are you're
a youtuber I give all your video a
thumbs up and I want to cry that was the
cutest thing ever
so I told him make sure you watch next
video so I shout you out so this
shout-out goes to him out to you little
bro thank you so much for being a part
of the ace family whoever else would
like a post notifications shout out you
guys should already know to do subscribe
today's family turn on our post
notifications and then comment when done
and obviously if you like this video
you've got to give it a thumbs up Ryan's
here for a few more days so we're gonna
turn up you want gun you want to get in
the frame we're on the way and I guess
out of stop light we decided last minute
and obviously if you liked this video
you got to give it a thumbs up like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful family what do we
always say baby what will we say what
are we okay we'll be back with more
videos we'll be back with what ok we'll
be back with more video snapchat course
app check
go on snapchat
I'll take a picture and then she'll
write something and then send it the
only one I know that knows how to do
that but I'll hold are you how do you
how do you want
