what's going on everybody
so as our fellow viewers can see Ryan is
here today as a special guest on our
channel so today we're going to be doing
the who knows the best challenge and
what better people will do it with than
my fiance and my brother so this is how
the game goes I'm gonna ask them a list
of questions that I feel like they both
to know we're gonna see who gets them
right so as you can see you Ryan and I
both have whiteboards that will be
writing the answers on whoever writes in
the quickest the fastest and get some
rights will obviously win that question
so there are gonna be some questions
that Austin might know and then there's
some questions obviously that Ryan might
know but I've tried my best to keep this
as fair as possible so you know let's
see let's go so shall we get into this
game why is your phone charger oh it's
not but it should be you always do that
they always do it she'll get this
mountain is she all that as if like
they're gonna smell what is it I just
just know Catherine does smell good for
you guys is she really doing good right
I can't man smells good looks good she's
ready thank you my hair is crazy I know
you guys are looking at my horns but
these are my baby here well before we
start sorry to interrupt you but before
we begin just know that on Monday ace
hat collection we are having a huge
Labor Day sale we're having 40% off all
hats so if you don't know about our hats
the link will be in our description
check it out it's Monday Labor Day huge
sale for just enough get your hat first
question so oh by the way by the way by
the way we're going to write it and
we're going to show you guys first and
then we'll show each other no no should
we tell the work show these family so
we're gonna write the answer show the
ace family she's
look and see who's right if we're both
wrong we gotta redo it and keep going
until we get right right fiancee all
right brother brother of 25 years
what is the first app that I use when I
wake up in the morning CNN bang bang
gang gang gang bang bang you guys don't
got it wrong okay no the first app that
I use in a wake up in the morning this
is like just something that I just
always check something then I'm probably
on this more than I want not what
challenge no you didn't run bank account
and I've almost Fargo that's a write it
down next question what is my favorite
type of food like like culture wise or
you said what's your favorite food you
and your daughter love chicken I know I
know I know
it's funny she do that out of here s
Spanish Spanish no Spanish no
that's like kind of the same Spanish
military like Spaniard food yeah what
the hell is that
Spanish food okay this is not very good
I got the first one no this is zero zero
no yeah okay I could have let free a
sausage no you've the chicken and
chicken is on I could have put sausage
the name of the game is to see who gets
it right you'll get one no listen you
don't get one try you keep going to get
it right oh okay she had the West Fargo
five years ago and that's one last time
I saw her acid bank account like
immediately change like she said there's
gonna be some questions you know
somewhat assigned us that's wrong
alright guys anyway there are you to
zero okay to zero that you what is my
favorite show of all time of all time
literally of history of wait wait wait
wait you have to know this you know this
- I do I know I know
damn call me fiance I never watched
Degrassi where you didn't know I didn't
what year it did I move to Miami
oh wait wait Miami I thought LA Shh
Suzie yes you guys wait me too
you see no Julie Wow damn you move to
Miami I graduated high school
about time goddamn what score zero okay
what score 3-1 do you want do you want
real okay how long was my longest
relationship before Austin how long was
it like how long of course he didn't
know that I don't fucking know
I mean all right unfair three to
whatever what is my Starbucks order oh
my gosh Catherine come on do you can't
do that to me right now
how's that fair really how's that fair
you knew a little question before you
didn't okay I know my gosh you don't say
anything until we're both ready we out
here baby macchiato with soy milk on ice
I taught I live thing with ice my mom
she drinks this.length
freaky religion that's my art innovation
it just changed to almond milk but yes
cuz it just changed all so your mother
point then come on what is my Chinese
animal I know oh oh I know they're smart
horse I can either write in Chinese
right speaks Chinese you speak Chinese
and can you say hey is family how are
you me Holly's family niihama and how
many years did I have braces for three
years you said two three you like me no
no they're bad they're bad to you no
gang beautiful event legs crews they had
to be like pushed around there's not any
way she lied she lied so it's four three
what was the last injuring that I had I
know
she's launching open chest dishes and
before she fought the tree right I was
in China um and she young sheena chohan
oh okay and then my dad was like oh like
take a picture I'm not sure again I'm
gonna train them and take a picture of
you and you always hasn't liked doing
random like position pictures and so I
was like I'm the on the tree and I
started getting down and I thought he
was gonna hold me and he didn't I just
fell one performance last question
that's question one last question what
color are my eyes hazel yep stop slow as
hell right boy or the school's game okay
no more no more no no they're just done
best question boy what sudden doubt that
was only what you were even it's like
the ultimate last question it's like
being questioned at all no I already won
so come on five more questions I'm
already leaving these four five which is
when I write on my other boy your color
teal know my favorite color purple
purple wait why do you I know he's
family embarrassing things about me okay
story okay one amazing thing about
Katherine from what I remember there's
many others everything
choose the b1 oh yeah okay so let's wait
to a marriage she was six I was four and
usually like I was the one that that
appealing bearing like I was the one I
don't know why I had a pissing problem I
don't know what it was so one morning I
wake up and I wake up an egg you know
how like you put like a year and your
hands like on the bed and like yeah push
yourself off right so I put I put my
hand on the bed boy it was wet oh not
again
you don't know what everything is you
something like ah man and I'm taking
myself and something didn't add up bro
because like I was dry but everything
was wet so I'm like wait a second I'm
drag but this is wet and I just leave
the necks of Kathleen yeah for like ten
years right yeah so she's there give me
another one Ben yeah so she's there
knocked down next to me right I think
this doesn't make sense to me
I get off on the from the bed am i high
dry so doesn't mean something's wrong I
grab the blanket okay that you gotta get
the frame I grab the blanket Wow I take
it off and I see Catherine like this
like this like it like an angel was this
huge circle it was you that pitch hold
the bed that day and she was like this
but that's not the American that's not
what we saw that you were she was 15 oh
my god oh yeah and it was me he believed
her because I had the kissing problem
alright guys well you know the winner is
in today's video mm-hmm
everything okay yeah so mike says his
significant other will come someday
someday okay so hope you all enjoyed
today's video before we close on today's
video we do have to give a notification
shoutout to who live in today's
notification shoutout goes to the Jay
family from Oxnard
so shows a family thank you so much for
having our pulse indications turn on
whoever else whoever else would like to
pull some vacation shoutout you guys
should already know what to do just turn
on our post bowl first subscribe today's
family turn on our post notifications
and then comment when the thumbs up yeah
that comes next so that's good though
you know you watch our videos do you
watch your videos or do you not watch
them only what do you watch your family
the time you just only seen the proposal
to propose oh yeah yeah okay the idea I
didn't cry you cried I said it a tear so
you cried oh you shouldn't cry my
frigging brother I think I proposed
fighting cry like I was like and you've
been waiting for this moment I told you
like ten months and I was the first
person until right yeah I'm happy you
went through
you actually like through the actual
implant how'd you get it thank you I
thought you're gonna put the ring while
you're falling though yeah but if I lost
the ring you would have to hold on for
that one but obviously if you liked this
video give it a thumbs up yeah exactly
like your thumb you have to do you may
know her more now but genetics so enjoy
like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful queen and my
beautiful brother-in-law always say
we'll be back with more BLV
