hey ace family Austin are you gonna say
with me oh why come here please with me
why say with you I don't like you right
now okay
so as you guys can tell by the caption
of today's video I did a prank on Austin
pretending that I dropped my ring and
down the drain while washing the dishes
so this prank has already happened I'm
actually filming this after the fact
because I didn't have a chance to film
an intro before I even did it I was
literally in the kitchen washing the
dishes and I saw the cameramen I was
like you know what let me get awesome
when he least expected he's watching the
VMAs he's watching TV he's kind of like
you know on his phone and substance this
would be the last thing he would expect
for me to do today obviously this would
never happen in a million years I take
care of this ring like I take care of
out it's literally insane I love this
ring and yeah it's a materialistic thing
but it means so much to me and Austin
knows that so she got my eyes I got him
and I'm doing the intro of the video
after it's already happened so this has
already happened he's still mad at me
but he'll get over it
so keep watching and you'll see how
Austin realize
so what
oh my god are you watching this which
arena see it I'll see you - you have to
call someone
oh well they didn't yeah oh my god I
can't
why are you watching this is your rate
on you've never do that oh my God we're
gonna it has to be in here I don't have
to take this whole thing apart we don't
have to do it oh my god Oh
camera yes I need maintenance to come to
my to my place ASAP I would be honest I
think she lost her ring in the sink two
to one
alright thank you so much do it because
you don't know what you're doing and I
don't want to like what if my ring falls
like deeper inside or something oh my
gosh this just come on just get up let's
just wait till he comes I'll just figure
it out because I don't want to miss
anything up just just see what he has to
say
your wing is I well it's not gone it's
there I'm not stressing out because I'm
who's gonna get it oh my gosh it's fine
he's he's gonna come here and he's gonna
get it there has to be like a hole or
something just don't break anything
wait B there's a hole
what do you mean just just like eat it
alone I just have him come here and then
do it
wait no stop I don't want my my ring to
fall like and I don't even know where we
go I wanted to follow my goes when you
you just got the rain so what you can't
get it no we're gonna get it you know
for sure yeah for sure it's definitely
something gonna be okay we're gonna
probably have these and probably gonna
have to take it apart and it's gonna be
there I want to rip this off what I
feel like gosh
where else would it be this night here
like in the tube or something so I have
to break this whole thing now yeah today
till I get married that one does it
better be there it better it is where
else would it be oh my god you better
hurry uh what are they doing Oh
literally my ring means so much to me
like I would never lose my ring I would
never let anything happen to it he knows
that so it's like it's almost like weird
he doesn't know it's a prank because he
knows how much my ring means to me
you wanna call him let him know that
what love why would I ever in a million
years
drop that ring my stomach hurts right
now the only thing that that ring drops
on is a pillow is he really coming yes
all right you in a column and time we
got it just call him put him on
speakerphone great tell him tell him
tell him we got it
tell me got it please please because I
don't want him to come up here he was
busy you sure he's not coming right this
second would you want to call him take a
breather
my heart was beating so fast my stomach
drop thought that ring was gonna be gone
Wow Wow
I did not so last-minute to I was like
doing the dishes I'm like wait a minute
maybe I should just do a little prank
right now and see if it works
you really were trying to like take the
whole thing apart
that's so realistic that would happen
especially like we just got the ring
that's something that what happened no
yes not to me yes maybe to someone else
but not to me yes do you know ace family
you better not be laughing at this be
well that ring Willy was gone what would
you do
oh it's just I don't know what I would
do I'd probably be in depression for the
rest of my life no I got something
coming for her ass all right
it's family if you liked this video
obviously like it
aw hell no aw hell naw just like oh my
hat says oh hell naw like it link in a
description
oh hell naw why are you plugging about
right now um like comments share you
guys might not like me and my fiance
okay wait I look really pale on this
lighting did you really just pull that
on me up yo you're the right hands I'm
having your best prank ever you wanna
see where the ring is
I might have in your butt was that good
at acting it did I do good I think it
yes
we're all here it is Wow was by the
bananas it was on the banana I can't sit
through earlier don't ever treat me like
that it can so like I said if you like
this video like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
fiance always say we'll be back with
more videos peace
