hey what's going on everybody say hi
baby
she loves the camera guys Elden a good
mood right now because she has her
snacks in her hand you can't see them
but she's eating snacks so today we will
be doing baby reacts to parents getting
engaged I'm sure we are all curious to
know how L felt or what L thought about
that day so we're going to watch the
video along with you guys and see how L
reacts we're gonna start about halfway
in the video probably around the 1415
mark and watch about like six or seven
minutes and see how she reacts you ready
to watch baby you ready okay daddy
you like what they do I was like who are
you
look mommy game
I would never do it again
like almost my pens in there
just like that we can't find out you
were so confused yeah well I stopped
this feeling I was like something's
gonna happen because the seals here
thank you look baby that's not
cry-baby just know that ever since I met
you I didn't wanted to do this am i met
you
Oh
it's great because I thought all things
in the world and I require to be on one
knee for the rest of my life if I can
express the love I have for you you like
that line that's what you know that I
love you more than life itself
and I'm going to continue to love you
more than life itself and I promise you
that I will be
the best husband and the best father he
said look at me look sweetie
oh look mommy's ring hopefully if this
mommy said yes without even seeing the
ring oh no mommy for that
oh my god where's mommy tonight where's
my life
you guys ready to one last surprise one
last surprise
and you got in the audience Oh wisely is
not a normal one you're over bit I don't
know how they know that Oh know how you
said to the whole time watch me take
this off you want to bring fifi on the
show you won't bring Fifi let's bring a
I'll get pee pee real quick up there see
it's cool in the house but it's so hot
yeah before we continue with this video
we have to announce that L now has an
Instagram
Bembe I don't make her one cuz we were
like well she's gonna meet when
eventually and we just figured why not
start it now since there's so many that
are like already existing that aren't
actually here is and since everybody
loves a lively even broom we had to make
her one baby are you posting today no
today you gonna post tomorrow I'm gonna
post tomorrow imposed tomorrow yeah
anyways make sure you follow her on
Instagram or Instagram is right here
I'll put it above my head Oh
follow her right here you see me I'm
gonna be taking some outfit pictures and
some pictures with Fifi and some videos
so yeah guys make sure you keep up with
her life because her life is pretty
crazy
so should I continue on by myself or is
she gonna cooperate never you gonna
cooperate you are anybody taking a
little you and give you min haha what a
milk you want milk or you want to sit
right here in the video except to finish
it okay you oh man
okay okay I'll see you later say bye say
bye today's family say bye okay love you
follow me on Instagram
say bye love you show me a ring show me
ring show me your ring show me Rachel
Marie
okay I love you guys see you oh man
before I continue on this video we do
have to announce that there will be a
special guest at the end of this video
so if you continue watching you will
know who that special guest is so now
I'm gonna pretty much explain everything
some things you guys may know some
things you guys may not know but I
mentioned this before but I've been
planning to do this proposal for over a
year now and I was planning it exactly
how it went down so the original plan
was to go skydiving into land on the
beach but for some reason it's almost
impossible to land on the beach but I
guess there's all type of rules and
regulations - skydiving so landing on
the beach was out of the question
so next I kind of had to work with what
they gave me they're pretty much saying
okay this is where you guys are gonna
land and you can pretty much do whatever
you want with it so then that's how
everything else came into place well the
day before the skydiving place told my
manager and I that everyone's flights
were canceled due to the weather and
once I heard that it kind of hurt my
heart because I was like yo I have to
propose on her birthday this does not go
as planned
I might have to wait till next year
because this is the only day that I want
to propose on her birthday
that's like special to me and I know
what special for her so I was like yo
this has to go as planned cuz if not I'm
gonna have to wait it out and I don't
want to wait it out I want to do with
the day of her birthday I was just
praying and staying positive so then the
next day on her birthday we were driving
down there and while we were driving
down there tell me why it started
raining right then and there I was like
oh looks like I'm not doing her birthday
we have to reschedule maybe for tomorrow
and I was like no there's no way but
knowing me I have a lot of faith and I
believe like no tomorrow and I was
praying to God I was like please God
just make a miracle happen right now and
allow us to do it on today so literally
30 minutes after we get there the Sun
comes out they were telling you be ready
in 45 minutes almost I guess it's gonna
happen it's gonna go as planned I'm
excited so there were so many little
things that had to go perfect for this
to go perfect for example when I gave
elder ring l could easily cry whenever L
sees Catherine she cries instantly her
for some reason L knew and I told her I
told her three days before all I gonna
do I told L listen it's okay if I marry
she was like but as you guys know there
was so many little things that took
place within that moment they had to go
as planned for this to work out perfect
and to everyone that was a part of it
thank you so much for making my dream
come true my manager Alan my video guy
colleague his people our photographer
Cecile the skydiving place the horse
lady I don't know her name sorry I just
called you a horse lady but you thank
you thank you everyone who was a part of
it it truly means a lot to me and I
appreciate all of you of course I can't
forget about my ex family members shout
to all of you for making all of this
possible because without you guys none
of this would be possible so shout you
guys I love you all before we bring our
special guests up cath and I really
wanted to do this because we wanted to
be able to put the face to the music and
the name and last but not least our
special guest that not only Kathryn and
I have been waiting for to get our
channel but a lot of you guys have been
requesting the special guests to get on
our channel so without further ado our
special guest is now here welcome bro
welcome
hey guys so for those who do not know
this is Lin Travis he sings our intro
song and just about every other song
that we use in our videos this dude
right here is very talented and I
promise you one day one day it can be
tomorrow it could be here from now one
day he's going to be a very famous very
famous artist the specimen he has a
great talent and I can't thank him
enough for everything that he's done for
us so shouts mama bro right here so nama
let him talk a little bit about his life
and how we started using his intro song
okay so recently I'm from Louisiana and
I've been doing music pretty much all my
life I grew up around it my dad was a
musician you know my mom saying it sure
is
saying in church as a child also picked
up instruments at a very young age very
sister man Ivan picked up was the drums
I guess I got pretty good at that and I
was in band from like sixth grade also
did it in like college but I wrote my
first song and around like 15 at first I
didn't know I was gonna fall in love
with it I didn't know this was gonna be
the thing I was going to chase at first
it just kind of happened and once I fell
in love with music I couldn't turn away
like I couldn't turn away from it I
couldn't ignore it I just always had
that urge to create and to want to just
get better and that's about man things
was getting better when I really got
started in the industry when I came to
LA my first time and like after that I
would just fly back and forth for work
but I finally took that risk and moved
out here about a year and a half ago and
that's around the same time I linked up
with this guy
through a mutual friend and it was crazy
because the intro song film I loved was
actually written about three years ago
before I moved out here before I even
you know know about them were I knew any
of this was gonna happen but at first
our friends sent the intro based on the
intro and at first it was just video no
music and he was like yo do you have
anything that could work for that so I
looked through all my files on my
computer you know I just picked you know
a few a few songs I think would like
work and not to mention but also not
know it is very hard to find music that
youtubers are able to use because of all
the copyright issues yeah
so I happened to like have the perfect
song just stashed away and it's crazy
because I had no plans with the song I
was never even gonna put that song out
so if it weren't for these guys that
song wouldn't be still the whole bit we
still being the focus so it's crazy and
it's just a blessing to see you guys you
know love it
she ate it and also showed me okay so
after the song was made the intro
when you guys first heard the intro like
in that vlog
everybody wanted it if I had I did not
see that coming I was like whoa like all
these people like I don't even know
right and if he hit me up he's like bro
everybody's asking for me to release a
song like what should I do
and I'm like bro don't release it yet do
not release this had a master plan the
whole time okay and this is like a year
and a half ago people this is such a
long time ago and when I heard the song
I was like instantly I was like yo this
is a perfect song for Catherine Ives the
perfect song that we can release when I
proposed and so I was like bro please
just hold off on releasing the song
until we make the proposing video
because once we do it all at once it
could be something big yeah so I decided
to hold on to it keep you in mind it was
so hard really are you guys bugged me
every day hit me up every day
you know threatened me spammed me like
it was really hard but at the same time
I was still releasing other music on
soundcloud you know to keep you guys
happy but it was still hard because you
guys really wanted that song and I
couldn't tell you why I couldn't release
it the only thing I could say was like
look it's coming trust me he's got to
come the right place at the right time
you know you'll see that's wait yeah we
knew to reveal this song to you guys at
that time it would it would mean that
much more to you exactly and I was the
point of making that song so special
that not only us but every single one of
us would mean something to to all of us
that make sense it was all so hard for
me because we even told you guys that we
were going to wait for a special moment
Catherine didn't know what special
moment well I'm sure we was told you
guys that because I knew it was very
hard for me because it took a while for
it to happen and obviously a time for
everything to work out the way it did
and I appreciate all you guys for you
know waiting as long as you did and the
fact that it all happened at once and it
happened the best way possible was
perfect it was everything went perfect
the way like you know because at first
you guys only had like 30 seconds of the
song not even 30 second was like eight
seconds yeah eight seconds actually
eight seconds yeah and like you guys to
receive the rest of it at that moment
like just crazy good and I feel like
that's why the response was so big and
it actually charted within like the
first 24 hours of it being out which I
didn't see coming
as family thank you I was just going to
say that was another bring it up like
not to mention after release the video
the song was climbing charts on iTunes
it was to is trendy yeah this dude ain't
even go to the VMAs and he was trending
with other artists that went to the VMAs
crazy crazy but I promise you next year
he will be at the VMAs he's gonna shout
out to him and what made it even more
like I don't want to say funny because
it wasn't plenty to view guys but it was
kind of a little funny to me I'm sorry I
really smile on my project spree loon
about a week before the proposal video
like came out and y'all was so mad that
film I loved wasn't listening you're
like I just relief like 12 of their
songs an awful mother hey I got all
these other songs that are just as good
if y'all ain't crazy boy but you know
you guys got it a perfect time exactly
and I hope it now everyone is playing
the song but those who are new to our
channel if you don't know about the song
the song is called film I love like Lee
Travis it's all night tunes on Spotify
it's on
it's everywhere so make sure you go
download it make it your everyday
listening song whether you're in earnest
whether your bad mood good mood you can
play it anytime you so anybody who is
weary with it's for you know kids for
grandmas or heads Falls got a lizard
your lizard my like it don't spread the
black babies babies like it too
babies like it too babies love it so
yeah a family we can't thank you guys
enough because you literally all you
guys made all of this possible yeah
literally come about them I mean we
would just be sitting right here looking
at each other that's where the Hayes
family is literally an army literally
you guys and I appreciate Austin and
Katherine and the love you guys show
like it's really good that you guys have
welcomed me into the family and you guys
are so loving and you're so positive and
you're so supporting and it's just a
warm feeling so like without you guys
this would even be possible so shout out
Danielle so before we close up this
video we also have another big
announcement that I think you guys all
would appreciate do you want to tell
them what's about to go down
okay so we may or may not be doing a
music video before this song pretty soon
may or may not be leaning towards May we
probably will be doing it it may take a
little bit of time because we want to be
special all we gotta say is make sure
you stay tuned because you guys already
love the song so I'm sure you guys gonna
love the music video and it's gonna make
it that much better
yeah so and he's been wanting to a music
video for the song ever since he
released it and I don't see why
Katherine and I wouldn't want to be a
part of it as long as he left us but I
think it could be something really
special again I promise you you guys
will all love it so stay tuned for that
if you guys are interested in listening
to any of my other music you know
besides film I love some of the other
songs on my project pre Lew have been
featured you know in a Spanish channel
shout to you guys for
like preload is everywhere also it's on
YouTube Spotify iTunes title everywhere
so check that out if you haven't yet
Hayes family
Kathlyn and I believe that this man
should already be on the radio he should
have already wants to be amazed he
should already be out there but it's
okay because it's only time we already
think that he is the best artist out
there I'm sure you guys have been
following me through Austin and
Katherine but in case you don't follow
me already checking me out my instagrams
at clean Travis I'll put it right here
yeah it'll be it'll be right there my
players always the same thing and you
know on soundcloud just search me iTunes
Spotify same thing clean Travis yes sir
he's a quite magician very talented so
before we close out this video we do
have to give our pulse invocation shout
out to Anthony Bennett so shout out to
you bro thank you so much for having our
pull some vacations turned on over else
like a whole seven cakes you shout out
all you have to do is turn our fulsome
vacations it's available and makes you
click it and comment when done obviously
if you liked this video make sure you
give it a thumbs up like comment share
and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful we'll be back with more videos
peace
