someone told me never saw
please don't exist in my life these days
alright guys so when I woke up this
morning I had no idea
that I was going to be jumping off the
plane okay especially not jumping off of
a plane and getting proposed to like
that was literally the craziest
experience of my life
and it's so surreal I have no like I
have no word it's like I don't even know
what to feel I don't know like like I
have so many emotions going on right now
and
all I have to say is Austin really
planned this really well thanks family
my cheeks hurt from smiling so much I've
been smiling ever since like my my
cheeks hurt I don't know I just can't
stop smiling okay so like when he took
the blindfold off I saw the plane I
didn't really realize what the plane
meant like I didn't realize that it was
like skydiving and so when I first saw
the plane I'm like oh we're going
somewhere but that also goes for
skydiving and I'm like I was in shock
because this is something that Austin
said he would never do he would always
say that he would think he would never
jump off a plane and then and for him to
say that we were jumping off the plane
meant that he was doing something yeah
I'm scared of his I'll I can't even like
get in a rollercoaster like that's my
biggest fear is Heights I started to
feel like obviously something was going
to happen but I was really sure
and there was like moments where I felt
like oh this is a surprise in the night
and then and then he would say oh we
have another surprise after this so I
was just so like confused and then I saw
the cameras and everything so it's like
something's going on
never did I think he was that are
proposed to be like when we land or
whatever and so as I was coming down and
a he landed first which was crazy
because he actually jumped off of the
plane first and that's also something
that I was kind of questioning because I
feel like typically I would probably do
it first or something cuz that's just
like my personality and so he wanted to
jump out first I'm like why does he want
to jump out first and I was just trying
to like piece everything together and so
when I was about to land I saw a friend
of mine who's a photographer Cecile and
I was like oh yeah something's happening
because Cecile is here and she's gonna
take pictures and
I know I don't know what's gonna happen
but I have a feeling and so when we
landed Boston so sweet he was I was I
look like a mess still look like a mess
but when he when we landed he he gave me
a mirror and he was like oh and just if
you want to touch up or something and I
was confused and I and then that's when
I realized that
he's either about to propose oh he's
gonna propose soon then when I looked
over and I saw Austin's dad with oh I
saw like a little box and
they came up to us and they brought the
box I thought that they were opening up
my box because he was like awesome as I
go here here's the box I'll open it
and so I gotta start tearing up and I
was just so confused
and when I saw the rain from Malachi was
kind of at a distance and when I saw the
ring I thought it was my ring and I
thought it was so beautiful and I was
and I was looking at it and then I
noticed that it was really tiny and
Austin gave al the ring and then that's
when I start crying because I knew that
I was coming next and from then on I
think I just kind of blanked out I don't
really remember what happened all I know
is that Austin is really great with
words and I was just crying
the most surreal thing ever
I just never experienced anything like
them we did it such a pretty really let
me go that we're not looking I can't
leave her
I already feel engaged I already felt
engaged actually as for the longest I
felt like we're married already
but I think that now that we have like
the story behind our actual engagement
and now that we can actually start
planning a wedding
Haizi and for those people who are
probably curious and wondering why I
chose to impose on her birthday well for
those of you not know Katherine
Katherine
ever does anything
that day she act like it's just a normal
day she is even think is her birthday
like she does nothing
nothing special hey you know your
birthday's supposed to be someone
special and so I figured you know if I
were to repulse on her birthday she's
gonna remember this ruin her life
and every other bird they have
we mean something special
that's why I decided to on her birthday
on top of she would never think powerful
poles on her birthday and she would
never think that
because the video guy there and a
photographer was there she was just
think it's for her birthday she wouldn't
think on her pulse so that threw her off
which made that much more special
because she had no idea so now we're on
our way to stay some more nice for her
third surprise
so she's still waiting to see where
we're going
now our lives are I want to say not
different because we already feel like
we were engaged but they are known so
we're on our way to and take
a healthy blessed beautiful life Boston
where we please is so pretty this is one
of the best resorts in California they
say we hit a night to ourselves we have
finally made it to our final destination
here at the Bacara Resort and Spa
let's take a vacation
alright Sam we got our key now we're
just waiting for someone to take us to
our room
damn Vevey how do you feel god damn I
can't escape the ring like anywhere I
look my eyes go straight to the ring
okay how are the travels man
beautiful beautiful thank you where you
coming in from we actually just came
from skydiving Wow
yes can you better can you show him
please what I just did for you so we
just got engaged
Oh congratulations thank you so much you
deserve it Emma
you deserve it show it off there the
show to the world put it out there put
it out there is our first time here so
is this worth to stay absolutely we'll
do a little Lu straight up and down the
hill here so it goes Villa 4 and then
Villa 6 which is where your feel is good
but we're gonna go towards the rest of
the property looks like a legit resort
huh yeah
now through building 11 here is going to
be the spa the spa pool oh yeah this is
what we need to be better don't show me
pool so it's a quiet pool so we're
literally at the best spot to be on the
best day to be here on the phone in the
grill and just let them know you'd like
a ride one of us women assist you
anywhere on property thank you so much
for breakfast lunch and dinner 7:00 a.m.
till 9:00 p.m.
wow this is the pathway that I'm if
you're walking it all I could say is
while we are on our way well here the
moment of truth oh wow oh wow oh my god
baby look at the view oh my goodness
look at the view oh my gosh I love this
place thank you so much my man I love
you
thank you wow this place is absolutely
beautiful shouts my pops were
introducing Kathlyn I to this place Wow
you are not lying dad this place is
absolutely amazing
so my queen and I are here for a night
we get the night to ourselves without
our little princess we miss our princess
is with her grandpa and then tomorrow
we'll be picking her back up and we'll
be all together again but today is all
about Catherine and tonight is all about
her as well and tomorrow morning so
ready to enjoy our beautiful dates again
it's ballet or here at a beautiful
resort I'm a beautiful Queen and we're
in gay
we're engaged we're engaged like
officially engaged not no one can say
anything ever like don't ask me what my
ring don't ask me where my ring is
because it's right here I'm gonna be
extra by the way like I'm literally
gonna be extra for the next like two
years talking about my ring you should
be you guys saw our last video our
proposal couldn't have gone any better
literally beyond perfect and we are
absolutely blessed and fortunate for
everything that has happened in our life
and for what just happened in her life
and now we're here at a beautiful resort
about to celebrate together and we're
bringing you guys along with us because
we're all one big family I think I'm
gonna put roses rose petals all over the
bed baby can I baby can I ruin your rose
petals and put them all over the bed and
make it real romantic like this but I
wanted to look like that all over what
do you think like this all over I can do
these one since you do have two so let
me make it beautiful for you okay
Hayes family does that look romantic
enough for you guys well tonight is
about to be a night if you know what I
mean if we're gonna do the bed we got to
do the bathtub oh yeah oh yeah rose
petals in the bathtub oh my goodness I
think so baby rose petals in the bathtub
with the view and a beautiful woman oh
this can't get any better so if you
haven't noticed you can call me I guess
somewhat of a romantic you can say that
so if you don't know I pretty much just
proposed about you know three hours ago
so you haven't seen our last video you
should definitely go check it out and
now we're here at this beautiful bath
over here I
have this beautiful view over here
absolutely beautiful
and obviously my beautiful fiancee right
here so now in the meantime I'm going to
go ahead and jump but make it into this
lovely bath so I'll see all of you is
this what a beautiful fiance looks like
oh my god oh my god beautiful huh
what the hell me my baby are now yes
wait good let's take a bed baby
vacation certified bacon yeah I need
that like me around the ocean no double
bill devotion the world is open girl see
how far like the love go
so when they come to you I'm cut though
she feeling micro flow to make it but
more filling exercise them I saw she
write my way when you gonna bring in my
way no I really need it don't play no
Soleil we were caught ill to payday we
all know need a vacay uh-huh ain't gotta
waste my time pain with erotic guys you
got me my way alone me doin are you can
do for me you give me up on high
but every time she lit the problem is we
got money tickets
- Wow
I love when the Sun drops beby you want
to get ready for dinner
beh beh come here
are you ready to go to dinner my fiancee
wait wait
you know what just thought about it I'm
sorry he's family I can't take you guys
at dinner with this I got to spend
tonight with just me and my queen we
need some alone time all right
we'll see y'all when we get back though
I love y'all okay all right so we just
got back from dinner hopefully guys that
misses too much you guys that misses too
much right
they would tell him how delicious the
food was it the food was so amazing and
we ate everything in under 10 minutes oh
my god dessert and we have dessert we
brought home so I think right now it's
time that we make our do you think shall
we do it I think so how do you think I'm
gonna test it out ramble thing okay
that's fine let me get a start for
asthma
all right baby the bath is ready
so I guess we don't have any bubbles but
we have roses so that should work guys
I just woke up and this still seems so
surreal oh my gosh
this is so beautiful Wow we are now on
our way to breakfast
fiancé and I are currently on our way
to get some breakfast and then after
breakfast we have a couples massage
and yes so what are you gonna get fiance
Benedict so we're just here having
breakfast and we spy a pit pigeon sequel
Hawk and he's actually tied down to the
tree stump I'm not sure what he's doing
but he's enjoying life
that delicious baby as you can see I got
the breakfast burrito fire with the
fruit so breakfast was amazing now we're
on our way to our couples massage our
first and this should be amazing as well
so we're getting a couples massage but
order for us to get ready we have to go
in separate locker room so I see you
seen a little bit oh my gosh this place
is absolutely amazing just take a look
just take a look Wow where am I
what died Hey
like a mansion this is like a castle oh
my gosh
well we are here a couples massage babe
hey you sitting there I'll just lay
right here baby
I'm gonna tear robes off oh my gosh
ace family we just got back from our
couples massage and it was no best
massage fellas all I gotta say is if
you're planning something nice for your
lady you should consider taking her here
which is the Bacara Resort and Spa in
Santa Barbara I promise you she will
love it it'll be the best thing that
she's ever had and and the customer
service is amazing like the best
customer service literally I've ever
seen from the food it's good customer
service massages the amenities the views
everything is a 1 and Catherine and I
have been you know all lovey-dovey and
so busy after this this whole proposal
thing that we haven't had a chance to
say thank you to everyone so in this
video we want to say thank you to
everyone who congratulated us and
everyone who supports our relationship
and everyone who's just a part of family
so we can't thank you guys enough thank
you and thank you for all your happy
birthday wishes I really appreciate it
oh yeah I forgot it was your birthday
yesterday sorry
hey so now by the way guys if you
haven't noticed I'm gonna be really
annoying with my new ring probably for
the next two years or so or longer
actually I'll never get used to this
ring I'll probably annoy you for a spell
so sorry guys if my fiance annoys you
with always showing her ring off but she
can though it's her ring she deserves it
and yeah it's like my third child like I
have three children now Oh Austin and
the ring well guys thank you to everyone
who tuned in and everyone who's been
tuned in since day one we appreciate all
you guys everyone who watches our videos
first yes
everyone who you know views it first or
comments first but yeah for real for
those people who view first and comment
first and like first you guys are the
real MVP before we close out today's
video we do have to give our post some
cases shout out ok so today's
notification shout-out goes to Rosie
vigil and she said Katherine's happiness
literally is my happiness o shout out to
you girl thank you so much for having
our post on vacations turned on whoever
else would like to pull some vacation
shout out you guys should already know
what to do I'll be subscribed to the ACE
family's turn on our pulse notifications
which is we never know we never know
what side it's on but it's the belt
changes same spot it's the bell button
on our main channel on our main page
which is our profile channel that makes
red bell button just click on that and
you'll have our pulse invitations turned
on which by the way sometimes it doesn't
actually notify you and we have a video
and it's really annoying so you guys
might want to follow us on our snap
chats because every time we put in a new
video right you always put that on our
time shine we just put the link so you
can just that is true YouTube always
notifies yeah because like so like
Katherine mentioned is follow us on
snapchat instead cuz you get notified a
lot better on there a lot quicker on
there
mine is right here and then once the
mine goes away and about you know three
to one did you add it okay it went away
so now I'm gonna put Katherine's right
here that's captain snapchat just follow
her follow both of us and you'll be
notified so once you turn on our post on
vacations just comment when done and you
potentially have a chance to get a shout
out at the end of one of our videos you
like this video you've got to give it a
thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
fiance yeah yeah I can't say clean no
you can but you can say fiance okay I
like Queen no cuz you're my clean
okay okay and like me and my beautiful
fiancee always say we'll be back with
more videos peace
my
