someone told me never saw
please don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
look this guy high-test your limit
in there I can see I'm sure in six glaze
and then six white sprinkle thank you a
one of your snickerdoodles two of your
seven layer bars and one a piece of your
marble cake a little box of your milk
patties
thank you so if you guys are confused on
what's going on right now I'm getting
everything that Kathryn likes hello can
I get a caramel macchiato on ice with
soy milk please yeah let's do it large
thank you because she did it I mean we
did it well she did it how are you doing
can I get a large razzmatazz please guys
it worked we didn't think it was
possible but in this world anything is
possible
alright guys so I just got back to the
house and now it's time to congratulate
this woman let's do it boy Ola wait
before we congratulate this woman I just
want to say how proud I am of this woman
she has been doing this for almost two
years now
I couldn't imagine annoying
uncomfortable all I could really
say is I'm glad I'm a man because if we
had to do it I wouldn't be able to do it
so I gave Kathryn all the credit in the
world I swear all you women deserve more
credit than you all actually get and
that's facts all right enough of me
talking this let's go congratulate her
alright guys so I just got the phone
with Kathryn and I told her to go to her
room shut the doors and sit on the bench
Rhea next to the bed and just wait right
there
alright you guys ready by the way don't
mind my scratch it'll scratch me other
day like a damn tiger and if you are new
to our channel makes you hit that
subscribe button and join the family as
well as copy or ace family merch hey ace
family all you got to do is go to shop
ace family comm link is always in the
description alright let's do it
this is for you this is for you
these are for you and your turn to pop
it yeah left jump this one like that
good Suzy cakes oh my gosh
and then a cookie and let me guess
marble cake you know it you know this is
so bad which was gonna diet Oh try one
of these oh yes you did tell them what
you did no I didn't tell them all trying
to wait for you
ace family the reason why we are
celebrating right now is because no more
breastfeeding so obviously we're making
this a big deal faster woke up this
morning that so much was so extra
because we are not breastfeeding anymore
we were breastfeeding for to eat almost
two years which is crazy
yes I love I say we I love that big
night always thinking about like I mean
what is really you yeah yeah yeah so
basically as we told you guys in our
last video we didn't want to breastfeed
anymore and like I mentioned it's
dangerous for my body because I'm
pregnant and so I wanted to end the
breastfeeding journey I was almost two
years old so we figured this was a
perfect time and I don't know if you
guys could tell but it was really
nervous and I almost like in the back of
my mind I was like this is going to be
impossible because Elish so attached to
me and so attached to her milk the story
you're gonna laugh so hard this is so
crazy
we had our grandparents take her away
for the weekend which meant no breast
milk so those days that she was gone it
was a start for her not getting any
breast milk which was preparing us to
cut it off completely so once she came
back home to her parents this is what
happened okay
so I so I thought that I was gonna have
a lot more time to prepare for this
I was reading some of your comments and
I saw that a lot of you guys said that
certain things worked for you guys and
so I was kind of like debating on what I
should do and whatnot and so this is
what happened so L was gone a lot
shorter than we expected
she her grandfather brought her back
pretty early which we weren't expecting
at all thinking I was I go to the
grocery store and get certain things and
and so I wasn't prepared as I expect it
to be and so that holiday she didn't she
didn't ask for milk which was kind of
surprising and then at nighttime so
Austin was in bed and she got into bed
this is the funniest to me and you guys
don't know else it's with us whatever so
I'm in the bathroom and I'm like oh my
god like I know once I get into bed just
an ass from milk
she says me that's what she calls milk
and I knew that that was gonna happen so
how to figure something out really
quickly because like I knew that I was
done like at that point I was like I'm
not going into this like I'm not gonna
continue breastfeeding like if I'm gonna
cut it I'm gonna cut it I really decided
and so I'm in the I'm in the bathroom
linking around like dammit I will have
aloe vera like I didn't have anything I
didn't have tapes like I was thinking
about pink tape so I grabbed this random
product dude it's a perfect product so
that was in my side of the bathroom so
listen so you some of you guys and the
comments are saying like try Oliveira
because of the taste right but I was
thinking no like this has to be visual
okay
that's the beat substitute was thinking
she was thinking deeper than that
yeah Oh has to be something where it
traumatized her to where she's like no I
don't want that as opposed to like
tasting it and being like why does it
taste weird or something it has to be
vision was I like quick thinking with
this this product on my nipples I'm
coming into the bed right I'm already
like laughing in my mind because I know
probably gonna freak out actually didn't
know what her reaction to me if I get
into bed and then I'm like oh you want
me out oh my god no Ella went bad and
then and she looked at me and she was
like hmm you know me I put extras on it
I was like ill iki ill and she was like
and I was like oh my god like she really
doesn't want it anymore but if she's
scared of me like is she scared of that
but she actually wasn't scared of me
which was amazing cuddled with me but
she didn't want the milk at all mean
Katherine worried you're dying you're
like why you she was looking at us like
why are you laughing
great this is a big deal on her like
this is horrible happen to mommy
so I know some of you are curious to
know what this product is and what this
product looks like saves my life and I
no longer breastfeed guys so if you guys
are ready to see what this product isn't
how it looks
give this video a thumbs up right yes
I'm very familiar with what this product
is by the way yes like you got a lot of
you probably have this in your bathrooms
all right are you all ready are you
ready all right are you sure okay right
bitches look like it may just look like
some melted olives look like I dip them
in oil or something now that I'm looking
at him looking moldy bitches a little
like black mold you can't even tell
yours isn't as bad as mine is cuz you
have tattoos gonna like ache all over
but guys what I did when I put this
luminizing blast mask on my nipples and
I promise you if you're breastfeeding
and you want to end your breastfeeding
this is the best thing you can do
promise you because L has not even
looked
my breasts Elmo it's funny how like this
story is like not only like you know
what happened to us but it's almost like
we're teaching our ace and the members
what to do I know this is such a great
idea guys I promise you it's if it's
visual it's more visual and it should be
about the taste because this really
worked this out almost traumatized her
to ever wanted again and she's like no
mommy like you're okay so now it's been
three days that I haven't breastfed and
she hasn't even asked for it or wanted
it or anything so I don't want it either
that should look like these bitches mmm
in the morning because like in the
morning that drives up to Loki good so
yeah so if you're wondering why we
haven't posted in the last few days we
were trying to accomplish this this goal
I guess you can say I still have this up
me like I've been putting this on me
this whole time just in case she ever
asks and she has to like a reminder that
it's still there um but yeah I mean this
is the best thing so if you guys are
looking for something definitely do this
join the party
ah you like a movie you know what mom
and dad are celebrating you don't no
more milk right no more yeah yeah as you
can see L will only understand this when
she gets halter right pivot okay yeah
tell the ace family no more milk tell
him say bye milk
say bye to them
by me so we're gonna glide until of
today's video right here thank you all
for tuning in as always before we close
out today's video we do have to give our
pulse notification shock to you girl
thank you so much for being a part of a
spam you know we love you right
all you gotta do is subscribe to the ACE
family hit that subscribe button turn on
our post notifications hit that Bell
button once you do those two things all
you gonna do is comment done so
obviously if you liked today's video you
got to give it thumbs up give it a
thumbs up for all the moms out there so
like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful family always
say you were not a to let me see yours I
here we go here we go what you think
like we said we'll be back with more
videos peace
