this is what I woke up to this morning I
love my girls I think you wrote this
with chopstick yeah it's definitely
chopstick I'm sorry guys have you hear
this crazy construction it's really loud
and here's another one that I spotted
earlier this construction is so loud it
says I'm going to miss my girls just
know that I have a huge surprise when I
get back love you guys what the hell is
a surprise oh my gosh
you can do no wrong baby when you feel
Oh
yeah he ain't fair with you - to me like
constantly you got me sweetie
do
we love
alright guys so here's what's going on
and before I tell you guys I just want
to let you guys know that there is
construction going on in the building so
it's super loud I don't know how it's
gonna sound on your guys's end but I
just want to let you guys know that so
austin has left as you guys can tell by
the title Austin's gonna be gone for a
couple of days here's what's going on my
birthday is coming up soon and Austin
has been planning a birthday surprise
for me
so he's been planning this or he says
he's been planning this for about a
month and he recently told me about a
week ago that he was he's gonna have to
go out of town to plan my birthday so I
don't really know what's going on I
don't know where he went I don't know
what he's doing all that I know is like
he's gonna be gone for a day or a day
and a half or two days and he left with
our manager Alan so that's all that I
know I have no idea what he's doing I
have no idea what he has planned I like
taking a couple of guesses but I thought
in the day you don't really know what to
expect because he's been planning this
for a month so for the next couple of
days I'm just gonna be hanging out with
Al today I actually have to run a couple
of errands so else great-grandmother
just got here so she's gonna be here for
a couple of hours so the plan is to run
a couple of errands I have to send my
brother a camera because he recently
told me that you wanted to start
vlogging which is amazing you guys have
been introduced to him on our channel
and he's just like an amazing person an
amazing soul and I really want him to
start blogging I really feel like he
would do well and he just has a lot to
say which is really cool so hopefully he
starts doing that and then he can show
his art and you know so I'm gonna send
him a camera and obviously when he
creates his channel I'll be letting you
guys know talking about channels
you guys know that I've been planning on
starting my own personal channel and
this is something that I've been wanting
to do for a long time and this is
something that I will do eventually I
know I've been like postponing it and
telling you guys I'm gonna start my
channel and I even got my intro done and
everything but I just feel like I'm
gonna be honest with you the reason why
I haven't started my channel is because
one I don't know where to start and
that's the complete honesty I have so
many things that I want to talk about
there's just so many things that I have
to say and I've been biting my tongue
for so long and there's just so many
things um but I feel like it's not
really necessary for me to start right
now because I'm just so busy with what
I'm doing now with our channel and
incorporating you know our vlogs into
our lifestyle and then also work you
know I'm so busy with work and things
that we're doing you know business-wise
and so I haven't really had a chance to
really sit down and say okay I'm gonna
start this video and then what I do plan
on starting a specific video I'm like oh
well I don't want that to be the first
video it's I'm just overthinking it
because I'm such a Virgo and I'm such a
perfectionist that that's just the way
that you know things are so I am going
to start it and I'm not gonna say
exactly when just because I don't want
you guys to be expecting it and then it
doesn't happen so I will be doing it and
another reason why I haven't started it
is because I don't want to post the
video and then not be consistent and not
post you know every other day or
whatever and that's a lot to be filming
pretty much every single day on our
channel now and then doing my channel
and I wouldn't be doing my channel other
than just a simple fact that I have a
lot of things to say and I know a lot of
you guys want to hear some of the things
I have to say
and it could be anything it could be
like beauty-related it could be like you
know story times it could be things that
I just have on my mind and so I really
can't wait to start but like I said I'm
gonna wait until I I feel like it's the
perfect time where I can be consistent I
have no idea where Austin is it's funny
because I literally try to share our
locations just to see if you would
accept but he didn't I don't know what
he has planned I'm sure a lot of you
guys are gonna be you know in the
comments trying to figure out what he's
doing
but I thought of the day none of us know
we don't really know what's going on and
I'm gonna be honest I've never really
celebrated my birthday I think that
every year I just kind of like don't
really do anything you just kind of sit
around and but obviously this year is
different year you know my daughter is
here she's a year old and we just have
so much going on and there's so much
that we want to do so I know he has
something really special I just don't
know what it is so as you guys can see I
just did my makeup really quickly and
obviously this isn't a makeup tutorial
anything but I'm just gonna show you
some of the products that I use because
I know a lot of you guys have been
wondering and I don't want to keep you
guys you know I don't want you guys to
think that I don't want to show you
certain things I just feel like all this
channel I can't really do certain things
because not everyone is interested and
some of the things that I as a woman
have to say you know this is more of
like a family channel is a since you
know I want to give you guys a little
bit more of me I'm going to show you
some of the products that I use I'm
going to first start off by a product
that is actually sponsored because I
actually have a
for that so you guys can get a huge
discount so I'm going to start with that
one and then I'm going to show you guys
some of the products that I've been
using and that I love so I'm just gonna
give you guys a look a little quick like
tutorial type of thing and then yeah I'm
gonna go about my day I'm gonna run some
errands and then I'll probably take out
to the park and take her you know eat
somewhere I'll take grandma with me so
you can all go do that and then yeah and
I'll be my day so let's go so as you
guys saw earlier when I was getting
ready for my morning I was using this
vanity planet ultimate skins pass system
and as you guys can see I've been using
this for a while I've actually mentioned
that I've used it before I noticed a lot
of you guys were purchasing this I was
super excited because this is something
that I use every single day on my face a
lot of times I actually use this in the
shower and I just kind of like do this
around my neck and my chest and
sometimes kind of like on my shoulders
so this is really good for like you can
use this on your body when you get this
this includes three different things so
three different brush heads when is like
a silicone one this one is like them
like the regular one that they have and
then they have exfoliating one so when
you get in the package it actually comes
in like a travel case which is cool so
you can put that when you travel and if
the water doesn't get all over the place
the silicone one specifically it's good
for people with sensitive skin like
myself I have super sensitive skin it's
good for like resisting bacteria so it's
good for that so yeah like I said I use
this in the shower
um and removes my makeup bacteria you
know just every anything unwanted on
your face during the day you just remove
it and also help with like future
breakouts and stuff me for example my
hormones are so crazy I'm specifically
because I've been breastfeeding for
almost 15 months and so my hormones just
are crazy I'm going to put the link in
the description for you guys before I
leave you with this one this product
specifically this is original
hundred and thirty dollars and with my
code you can get it for $39 so let me
know if you guys like it tweet me let me
know when you get it I use this everyday
the next product I want to show you is
this
Becca foundation I've been using this
for about six months five or six months
and this lasted me for six months I just
now got a new bottle so let me tell you
a little something about this foundation
so this is ultimate coverage but it
doesn't feel like ultimate coverage so I
can use just like a tiny little bit put
it all over my face and it feels good
and it looks pretty natural to me I
think so just quickly I don't personally
use with the cult concealer I don't use
concealer in my face and the reason why
is because I've always been like very
full in my face
I just have like big cheeks and just
that's just how I was born my mom has on
my dad Azza so I feel like when I put
any kind of like lightness under my eyes
it just looks like I have too much
makeup on because of the way that my
structure is and the way that my face is
and so I don't really like to wear
concealer so I put this under my eyes I
put this all over my face a night and I
do put it under my eyes it is how I do
it so I really like this foundation
like I said it's called Becca and the
color is no asset so that's what I use
and the next product that I want to show
you is a three-step Claridge and that I
have I've been using this for almost two
years now I've been using the foaming
cleanser so I use that with this and
then I use a toner and then I use the
like acne lotion but I kind of use this
as like spot treatments sometimes this
one's a sulfur one I personally like the
benzyl one more I hear that sulfur is a
little bit better for like sensitive
skin I like the benzyl more I just like
the texture more and I feel like it
works better on
even though my skin is super sensitive a
product that I'm obsessed with and that
I've been using for also about two years
is the Rosie Marin whipped argan oil
face butter so it's really hydrating and
the texture is just amazing and there's
no like scent to it I hate anything with
like cents I get tired of like smells so
this one is amazing and I definitely
recommend this one so yeah these are
definitely products that I would say you
guys should purchase and the reason why
I'm saying this is because I am the most
frugal person in the world if I say you
should buy something if I say you should
spend your money on something is because
I feel like you're really gonna like it
trust me you're gonna like them I do not
promote I do not talk about anything
that I don't really love and the reason
why is because I feel like I've always
trusted people's opinions on certain
things how to find things out on my own
and I feel like finding these things on
my own and really feeling like they work
for me I just want to share that with
you guys and I feel like you know I
don't want anyone to spend their money
if they don't have to spend their money
I'm gonna tell you right now I don't
think you should spend your money on it
don't do it but these products I will
say I do love them so I know you guys
will like them and if you don't like
them tell me why because I like to know
why they didn't work for you yeah
hopefully when do I get sponsored by
these products because I really love
them and jump come on baby let's go to
the park
come on baby come here
your hand you can do it
but it yourself
c'mere baby the way oh my goodness I was
meant to be everywhere
he always been ccle
besito
thank you you need tiny one over there
that's a little girl do you want a
sister or a brother
it's a serious question okay maybe
you're gonna go down the slide
you think
mom I said here thank you get that Oh
yeah yeah
right and then she tell you that haven't
shown you that all Chinese
you're gonna go see the puppy I live we
hear something in her mouth
the connectome no don't throw it
say hi baby put the dog
mushi mushi mushi today i'm mocchi baby
is four months old baby
yeah oh I love you she oh we need one
like that oh we need one like that mom
oh so don't you kiss me tell me your
secret
hey kiss me go baby
thanks care for you it's gonna go up
high yeah maybe I'm scared for you maybe
baby I'm nervous for you it's gonna go
really really high in a couple seconds
keep your distance mama oh my goodness
you're getting too comfortable you're
getting too comfortable right now you're
taking a bath in it right now like a
little bird Oh a lively
I'm really nervous for you a lively here
too smart you're too smart
all right guys so we just got back from
running errands and I just did a bit of
cleaning and I clean the bathroom I'm
gonna clean the mirror and I fed Elle
and I changed
oh and there she is just drinking her
water daydreaming
hi
I don't think that's the page wait
oh yeah here we go Oh where's the puppy
hey there's a puppy right there that's a
puppy right there where's the cat oh oh
you want me to touch it okay
there is the puppy there is the cat
that's the cat right there I'll just
learn how to open the door so this is
what she's been doing okay it's time to
brush your teeth
perfect you how to throw your baby one
away if you wanted to play with every
day no one's dirty or now you have an
adopted brush oh my god what are you
doing yeah
you like shoot the cannolis Ivy go bake
a cake oh yeah right hey do you know
where daddy went I know he told you
anyway
ah yeah I hope you guys are just as
excited as I am to see what Austin has
planned for me for my birthday I still
don't have any clue what's going on or
what he's planning or where he is it's
just so crazy because we know each
other's I've removed so this is gonna be
really interesting to find out what he
has planned before close of today's
video I do want to give a notification
shout out at dolly Malia so shout out to
you now I'm just gonna put out to sleep
and finally take a shower and wash my
face and actually get ready for bed
because I can't do that when she's
running around or just being around by
herself because I just don't trust that
she is currently going through
everything she's in her like little
toddler stage so wait till she falls
asleep finally and then get ready for
above I hope you guys like this video if
you did give it a like like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful baby loves always say Oh we'll
be back with more videos
