come look don't exist number like we say
time hey spam that going on everybody
usually when Queen isn't by my side you
already know what time it is so today I
will be doing boyfriend cuts
girlfriend's hair right so today's a
nice day so Queen decide to lay by the
pool and to give a little teen and she
asked me if I want to join her but I
told her that I got some editing to do
but really I got other plans
everybody calm down I'm not going to
actually cut her hair but what I will be
cutting is these expansions mm-hmm the
best part about it is I think it's a
prank because she doesn't even know that
I know where these are at
laughing thanks to ll is always going to
shut the doors
so thanks princess so this how y'all
where shit look like a horse
giddyup and get how young girl wearing
me one laugh woman Amla like off Tina no
but further I really don't know what the
hell I'm doing I've never you know dealt
with extensions before so hopefully this
workshop so I don't think I should use
all of it too much not too much so let
seems realistic I think just one right
just one
yeah that would that's a lot of that to
take that's three what up what up like a
family a family talk I'll say this too
much not that yeah we need we need this
way yeah this one because you'll
actually call this too
they even the hair creature can be nappy
I don't know
there we go yeah here we go
it's like some real ass hair wow that
looks more realistic so my foot I'll
fold it up not doing this too short
fold it up like this wait guess it seems
a little more like rue wavy so how do I
curl it how do you guys how do you do it
how do you curl it up have a curling
iron Oh got hot quick alright guys I'm
not sure if it's safe but I'm trying my
best to make this hair look like her
real hair so let's try to make it a
little more you know curly I've seen her
do some shit like that but she's like to
waste in it so maybe this works okay
shit on I let it burn a little bit okay
often I should be a hair stylist shit
let me add a little looks labor to it
styler them give it a little spray
I'm going to bend it you can't see it's
your extension Mike over the top of like
this time you died oh whoa goddamn that
with a mission now I see with somebody
I'll go through s pain and Billy farts
with health going down Catherine's down
by the pool laying out whenever she legs
out she usually put something over a
chest over her face so hopefully
something's covering her face where I
can finesse hiding the camera somewhere
no I got to get that good angle so I'm
going to hide the camera somewhere I'm
really just going to go up to her put
this in my hand it's a no crop right
here grab the scissors she's going to
hear though she go here the scissors for
shield me up no be like that's what you
get for doing all the train oh this is
this right here is all the pranks added
up all I gotta say if Catherine's not
Lee were here she does not play around
when it comes to her hair so this might
not be good for me but it's been a while
since I pranked her so I got in so crate
you know put these mugs nice but we go
try on but today I'm not stealing today
this monthly hey don't be tough don't be
trying to stretch on this you ready for
the front who's ready for the prime if
you wait to a prank like this video
right now and I'll put a little comment
about what you think don't happen
because I'm be honest oh no it's okay oh
no one ah ah but who cares let's get god
damn my baby beautiful little look baby
I'm sorry but I gotta get your sexy
crazy family wolf which means
yes bro the prank civilian fucking cut
my hair
yeah I think you all said yeah ok it was
awesome ok yep because some work this
role the pranks video me yeah I think
you should fucking cut my hair
you realize what you should say you just
cut my hair not that this is Austin
Austin
let's roll the prints genome well I
guess you'll know what to do no more
pranks on oh stop stop we want them on
freaking Jordan - thanks
pretty just not the little dreary lucky
am i follow me
you still lucky to have my phone on me
well a family
I guess this what happens when you try
to prank your girl
kill
at least I got harassed you know a
low-water angle her nobody even though I
sound like Squidward when I walk Kathryn
already went inside the house and she
saw the camera so she knew was a prank
so she's not even upset all I got to say
that had her in the beginning because
she was gonna start crying I'm not gonna
lie the water feels kind of good it's
hot out here so I might just jump back
in the pool
obviously a family if you like to do you
got to give it a thumbs up you got to
all I got to say is maybe next time I'll
really cut her hair I don't know that's
kind of overboard it's kind of risky but
you never know what I got on my sleeve
like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful hairless Queen
always say we'll be back with more
videos please
