someone told me number so dumb movies
don't exist in my life today hi
not today 74 watching up hi buddy now
just watch your foot all right family
the balloons are inside does anybody
know what gender it is blue
let me know buddy
that beautiful breath because you're my
are a family we'll see you guys at Party
welcome back to town guys what's going
on everybody so so we're here at the
party's destination oh my god
we just got done setting up the booths
in the house so we have the blue ones
for the boy and then we have the sequins
very girl and then obviously you guys
saw that we were setting up the box at
the house so the plan is the blindfold
them and then have them open the box and
then see whatever balloons fly out so if
it's a boy obviously it'll be a blue
balloon or blue balloons and then if
it's a girl it'll be pink :
but that's how they're going to find out
and I also got a cake made with either
blue icing our pink icing depending on
what the gender is but does anyone have
any idea yet I see a lot of the same boy
but it's also a lot of things well
today's the day you guys are going to
find out makes you comment below what
you guys think you guys do not
understand how excited we are because we
even get to do something like this for
ale so just know the next one we have
we're going down without using something
like this so right now we're just
waiting for Jessica and Jonathan to get
here I know they're nervous they're
anxious they're sighted ah where's the
flowers huh
where are they baby Oh
while we wait for them let's get a
flower okay come on let's go pick on a
flower Jen we got our flowers smell it's
not smell it can daddy smell and you so
please know that mommy smells go give it
to mommy let's go let's go let's go
mommy's turn to smell yay mommy's turn
your mommy's carry mommy's turn flower
girl flower girl
the a family smell nice and smell oh
they're selling it there's belly ah you
know are they add do they not want
another gender of their child like
Jonathan just gonna worry a lot and if
you guys are new to our channel or if
you didn't get a chance to your last
video I'm going to show you guys in real
quick so last video or the video before
last
that makes sense the video before last
yeah he got the opportunity to find out
the gender of our friends baby so we
picked up from the hospital and we found
out what it is now we set everything up
to now have a gender reveal party for
them so now we're just waiting for them
to get here as you can see everything is
already set up we did the whole box idea
and when they open the box
the color of the gender no not the color
the gender the balloons will come out
and the color will determine what the
gender is there we go sorry it is not
Katherine eyes gender reveal it is a
friend of ours that we're doing for them
well good because I'm probably more
excited than the parents and just know
cats not gonna be having another baby
soon so stay tuned for that
so here stay here finally guess what you
guys are having a got away super get
some boy
when you my heart I think is let's
collect them all
everybody put them in my hands thank you
not a boy that is that obnoxious or
something so we're in another one
outside waiting for us we have all the
answers that they died in the case so we
have here we have a girl you can keep
you keep check out how many marry
another girl one another one another one
for coming boys our life poor boys two
girls
yes another bride my another boy and a
girl take out those days that a girl and
then their daughter thinks it's a boy so
y'all ready to find out escape from the
glasses you can have it all are like
this yeah I'll be yours I can't make
really care I think all right so both
you guys will come over here by the box
shake it up a little bit is everyone
ready here we go in three two one open
no no no no open a box open a box
in the give ever buy look no steadily
Jamie and I Jamie and Jack is poppin we
like that please oh yeah
my favorite part right here overall
their heart my father right now you just
need to get up some Gucci shoes I want
you want a brother all you want a
brother okay I promise you're gonna get
a brother wasn't making them any people
to me well you're going to be a big
sister soon okay I promise
I know
so when I promised the line by the can
you give L apiece can you share with L
best friend gold he'll value daydreaming
l-o-l looks crazy L all over this model
hit the model pose I'll hit the models
models models knives nah my so special
you're cuter baby fella sure
craftsmanship goal a family we just go
back home
sadly had a really exciting there we did
guys I hope you all are just as happy as
we are for Jessica and Jonathan it was
such a neat experience it's like
undescribable to just do something so
cool like that and then have them be so
surprised surprise everyone and that
Susie surprise the entire family which
is really cool I can only imagine that
we have to be something like that Nick
where I have to we have sinned who's
going to do it though oh no Jonathan and
Jessica you got us right you got us or
and maybe a nice family member I do have
to say that it was really cool seeing
all of your guys's common you know
saying whether you thought it was a boy
or girl the August's and of the day
they're going to have a beautiful
healthy child and that's all
so we're really excited about that but
for sure we are doing that for our for
sure going to be doing a dope gin reveal
maybe not the same thing but something
to know a family can you guys guess what
gender we're having next I mean we don't
know either already this is really where
I know a lot of you guys have heard me
say this in the past but a psychic told
me that I was going to have three kids
and then that the youngest was going to
be a boy
so I don't know if I'm gonna have two
boys or girl and a boy but buried
everything that the psychic said has
actually happened literally so I'm just
kind of like maybe this person's right
about that today so now the moment
y'all been waiting for can anybody guess
what today you want to tell about it hey
I told no Yuto Lisa I don't yeah okay so
today we just released our new bones
cases Sean baby Sean Sean
we got like eight to ten different
colorways you guys are interested in the
phone cases put the link in our
description and you're funny and I will
say that I have dropped my phone three
times three since I put this phone case
on my phone and it has not shattered or
broken nothing literally what you're
saying is sturdy you're saying that the
eighth phone case is strong yes it is
and not to mention also I did take the
what they call to protect
mr. eiffel protecting yeah I picked it
off because I was driving detective got
sitting out like a month ago and yeah I
dropped this phone three times on
concrete and it has not broken so make
sure that when you guys purchase them
that you guys tweet us your pictures of
either your order or when you guys
actually receive your phone case because
we want to see what colors you guys
picked and we also want to see your
faces who is a part of a state exactly
I'll be honest with you guys we had one
product for a while now we've had our
hats for a year at a year now and we are
working on so many other products Levi's
we're planning on having kind of
merch okay we've been working on this
for a couple months we want to make sure
that everything is good quality and
everything is good that you guys are
gonna like them so that's why it's been
taking a while but we will have
everything coming in in the network
children but the weight like it's going
to be like they're going to be like
those that just love seeing you guys
wearing our stuff like I get so happy I
know a lot of you that follow us on
snapchat you see that I'm always posting
everyone you know that's purchasing our
hats and stuff so that's really cool all
right family so before we in this video
you should go get a phone case right now
we're going to wake you guys before we
close out today's video we do have to
give our pulse on vacation shut up - who
living doll Yvette burn now honestly if
we all had awesome self-confidence this
world would be so like I would love to
get a shot I have been here for mad long
and love you
I love you too let me see shout out to
you and then dollies that for now shout
to you girl thank you so much for having
our pulse indications turned on whoever
else like a postal vacation you guys
should are you going to do obviously
subscribe turn on our pulse on vacation
which is somewhere on our front page of
our channel that's I know I think it's
on it's on this time it's a red bubble
click it and it what you do that just
comment when you're done and obviously
guys you like this video you've got to
give it thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe subscribe share comment like
ooh like Audrey leggo records only
frontwards and I went backwards my
comments how you did like me and my
beautiful clean always safe we'll be
back with more videos peace don't forget
your own cases
