someone told me don't fit them or like
we say good morning
brush your teeth mm-hmm good morning
busy good job in there good job good
buddy you April hey my man
are you upon a tax okay oh hey my man
are you part of a family
excuse me Love Bug are you a part of the
eighth family the eighth family a family
just just say yeah hey we want you guys
to go right now we just opened up our
own y'all ready to check it out here it
is
can I get your white wrinkle yes please
and they can I also get one of your
old-fashioned what do you want my bitch
and can I get over here but this what
you want which one you want
oh you want that one she wants the mini
the mini donut yeah a family and our
donut shot we also got the best apple
juice in the world wait wait we got to
pay for owned on the delicious baby so
good you guys she looks like vocalist
yeah yeah use like this a lot like you
in the message saying yeah yeah I said
like both of you guys good luck
Oh like excuse me what do you say about
the donut that you're eating are they
good so we have good employees yeah do
we have fresh doughnut okay
yeah a spam gonna be on it's got the
best doughnuts in the land you know
called a STONER
it's called a stone hey man can we all
be in sync this time we'll try it again
ready 1 2 3
hey man good move it I'm not sure if you
guys can see but we're here outside the
post-office dal-su ship our giveaway
items to our giveaway winners
Katherine's right now struggling because
she could buy all the items indirectly
so we wanted to ship around a lot sooner
only found who the winners were but we
couldn't because we don't have the right
sizes so we recently just got the sizes
so you want to ship them as soon as
possible so they can get them all I got
to say these are some lucky winners
right here some lucky winners and we're
going to be doing another giveaway real
soon so makes you stay tuned for that
when is your mummy so beautiful that's
where he comes in the post office the
lines are always long well just the
cutest thing ever look
either the cutest thing ever
I'm hiding yes oh right there I had a
good picture looked at we look back when
the light was there but I was such a
good picture look over there model post
close to me take a picture post on a
queue I love it thank you for the poll
say goodbye oh say goodbye to the item
rush they buy items I'm going to go to
someone special someone a part of a
family firm who loves
alright then we are now here at ld's
favorite store Jamie and Jack is the
only thing she wears so if Jamie and
Jack people are watching right now or if
someone knows Jamie and Jack people tell
them we trying to get a locker oh you're
so beautiful thing is they're both
really cute
therefore the beach attire so for those
who have seen our video yesterday you
guys know that we're planning a
gender-reveal party for Jonathan and
just ask so it's only right that we get
them something from here I wonder what
it could be the first outfit for the one
oh I'll see you girl that your beach
attire right there okay you're killing
the game hunting I see you do your thing
man uh-huh so we're going to get this
stuff and I guess these glasses
I spy wild Assemblymembers I love you
guys
we just found out Al's obsessed with
this so do it do it do it show mama
which one should we give her hell which
one should we give look at the one you
got yay yes where should we go to next
H&M let's do it
wait what the wait wait
and my dream wait wait what wait what
what bevit what is going on right now
wait since Lynne's in our merch get in
stores and no idea one way you note on
the Dillman I'm gonna try to buy one I'm
gonna try buy one I want this one and I
want this one
I'll take these two from a side of I'll
own that one too so we have a a stand
over here which one do you want you guys
that one we have a stand over here and
she said she wants this hat so go ahead
children thank you so we love you okay
just don't tell on me okay all right
you're not filling its time up
hey bro so I got a paper T what you mean
yeah you got this but like we actually
just got them he said you just got them
in and we gotta move look you happy hey
we're David family if you come to HSN
and look for hats or probably sold out I
got you all you got to do with what the
WW got a sack collection dot man I got
oh I wonder where else would be I wonder
where she could be
all right then we're gonna see you guys
when we get home we're already home also
that before we got home you know when
you had a long day and you just want to
do nothing
whoo finally made volleyball a family we
got some exciting news for you guys
rebus yeah our new website will be drop
in on Monday Monday guys our new website
will be up and ready we're also going to
be dropping the foam cases on Monday
stay tuned but that and if you haven't
seen them do you want to see them I'm
gonna take those to get those mine right
here I got the baby blue ooh you see it
you see we got different colors going
about what like eight to ten to four
color waves we have like eight to ten
here goes Katherine's hers is pretty
they're all dough they're all dos so it
makes you stay tuned for Monday new
merch new website what else we got no
everything if you weren't listening
earlier in our video you can find our
merch act
www.eso.org ESO gram a sack collection
just click the link in the mile
I'll take you there too I'm so tired
eyes got a long day we have to end the
vlog so before we in today's video we do
have to give our post notifications
shoutout to whomever yesterday's post
notification shadow goes to Corey B and
he wrote you too legit crack me up and
make my day such positive video
and you two are always down for a good
laugh and don't care if you makes a fool
of yourself at your own expense who
needs TV post more please oh I love him
so much I mean nobody is but I love them
shouts you Cory thank you so much for
leaving such a positive comment on our
channel thank you so much for having our
pulse notifications turned on whoever
else would like a postal vacation
shoutout you guys should already know to
do obviously subscribe turn on our pulse
notifications and then comment when done
obviously guys you like this video
you've got to give it a thumbs up don't
just watch it like the video like why
not you already want to like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful family always say my queen is
over here donating her milk and my
princess is over here drinking it like
eliminated like we always say we back
the more videos to
