don't exist in my life we say time good
LK gonna bad she is beautiful again she
it L taking a bath and taking a bath she
is beautiful
yes she is are you beautiful yes okay I
love you yeah look up here we go do the
same family but she don't um hi
here we go
hey stem what's going on everybody so
you're probably wondering where my
beautiful girls are captains in the room
feeding L at the moment and before we
continue with today's vlog I have to
tell you guys a story so last night
something crazy happened to us and if
you follow me on snapchat you know what
I'm talking about and if you don't
follow me on snapchat or follow McQueen
makes you follow us mine is right here
and hers is right here so make sure you
follow both of us we post cute all
the time and if you love elde and you'll
love our snapchat i think it was about
five years ago when this homeless man
went viral because of his talent and he
was known for beatboxing and thinking
like arm be at the same time
unbelievable and he's also songwriter so
he went viral a few times been on
worldstar
had tons of views and what made him so
special is the fact that he was able to
do everything by himself was like he was
a one-man group literally he is able to
make a beat by like pounding on his
chest singing at the same time and like
doing something else i don't know what
it is but it sounds impressive at the
time I was into social media I was into
making video so I knew what videos are
popular and that's how I found him and
when Kathryn and I met I showed him to
her and she was blown away and his years
went by we've always wondered like what
happened to him what's his situation
like now is he still homeless how's he
doing and so tell me why tell me
a family last night well can't believe
this happened
last night we were out eating with our
manager on Melrose for those who live in
LA you know what Melrose is and what's
crazy is we weren't even supposed to eat
there and we weren't even supposed to be
there that late so as we're walking back
to the car Kathryn and Ella are inside
the car I'm still talking to her our
manager outside for a little bit tell me
why this do brides buy us on a bike
right and as soon as she rides by I look
and I'm like hey you're the dude from
YouTube so he pulls back around and as
soon as he gets to us I knew right then
and there that is the dude from YouTube
that's the homeless guy with an amazing
talent so I introduced my manager to him
and immediately he puts on a show for us
he's doing his thing in life the whole
time I'm thinking like man I'm such a
huge fan of you like like he doesn't
even know how much of a fan I am and so
as he's doing his thing Kathryn hops off
the car she's like wait I know him and
she even recognized him so after he was
done we were chopping up a little bit
and he told us a little bit about a
situation he said that he's still
homeless he lives in a tent and he's
trying to pursue his dream which is
YouTube and it's crazy because at the
time I found him on YouTube I didn't
even do YouTube and now that I do and
that's his dream to do YouTube pretty
much he said he's just trying to survive
and what touched me was that he was a
good person like he didn't have to stop
and talk to us and put on a show like he
could have just kept going on his way
family like you guys don't even
understand like I am a huge fan of this
man like I love him so for those who
don't know who the hell I'm talking
about or you don't follow me on snapchat
so you don't get to see let me show you
real quick I'm hoping his videos are
still up I have to show you how talented
this man is literally all you're the
type in is homeless man be box be boxing
homeless man be boxing you'll find them
I promise you at like four or five
videos that are viral
okay so here's one of them I'm so
excited up the line to choose a dish
listen meanwhile he does even always get
a recorded right now
it looks like in a parking lot and yeah
yeah yeah Danny
wonderful but don't you guys get the
gist you guys see how talented he is go
check them out
those show love even though you're never
YouTube still show upload for me so
after talking with them I asked them if
I can somehow contact him it's funny
because you said he had a girlfriend
that like had a phone or she just got a
phone something like that but he said
that if I call him she'll answer so
hopefully he gave me the right number
I'm still tripping like what is that odd
like we run into him at all places but
he could have been a homeless man in
Connecticut or Jamaica or some five
years down the road we run into him at
that exact location at that time I'm
Tony right now it was God like we were
destined to meet him and now I feel like
we were destined to help him a family
this is why I'm telling you guys we have
to come together as a family and Kathryn
and I want to figure out how we can help
them please if you guys have any ideas
that we should do for him
comment them below as of right now
Kathryn I have a few ideas in mind and
we want to do for him but like I said I
want to get you guys input because of
the day we're family I want you guys to
be a part of it just as much as we are
hi guys I'm sorry that video bored you
or it was too long
guys we got some exciting stuff going on
today and for those who are thinking
Katherine is pregnant I'm sorry she's
not but we are picking up a
gender-reveal for someone else so if
you're part of the age family you know
who else best friend is it's violet
little beautiful violet and her parents
are pregnant congratulations to you guys
if you guys have seen one of my recent
videos you know that violets dad tried
to spicy ramen noodle challenge and
killed it he destroyed it he's half
asian so not fair that's them that's
that family Katherine and I hang out
with them often and they're good people
out of anyone else out of any family
member and any friends they honored us
to be the people to pick up their dinner
reveal and to set their gender reveal
party tweet fail honored a hey Mike
Katherine is so obsessed with like party
planning so she's so excited I'm sorry
you guys are upset by the title but it
is the truth we will be doing a gender
reveal on this video may not be us
personally but uh going to be happening
soon telling her right now between yo
and me we're going to be out another one
soon
so yes another plan is to oh most
forgot so before we go pick up their
gender reveal I promised my princess
that I would get her a toy because the
other day she helped me clean up the
house when Katherine wasn't here
literally she like cleaned up all her
toys she put it like in her little bin
while I was vacuuming we were just you
know getting it done father/daughter
cleaning session and so I promised her
if she helped me clean she can get
whatever she want from Toys R Us so
before we go pick up dinner reveal I
take her to Toys R Us and let her pick
out whatever she wants I told her one
item notes you only get one item I'm not
sure if that's possible but so who is
ready to continue today's video I am is
my family ready to make moves today
ready take a picture one two three
cheese oh hey Sam I know you guys been
asking about some of the clothes that we
learned some video so we're going to try
our best to start telling you guys where
we got our clothes my whole outfit I got
from Topshop Queen where'd you get your
outfit from get this from hmm okay
as our Valentino and then your shoes our
vans yes
and then how proud is Jamie and Jack yes
yes you are only as you can see
commander they're ready to go let's do
it
I'm taking my daughter to get her on new
all I gotta say is my princesses there's
a new toy a new toy a new toy yeah yeah
yeah yeah we are here at Toys R Us
yeah it says you can pick anything in a
store just one item okay fire me oh you
like that what what you see something
over there what do you see
you like everything huh okay let's keep
looking let's keep looking I'm not sure
if you want that what is this little
book oh that's kind of cute look
horrible no you hold that book okay cool
goddammit at one point she got two items
already goddamn okay where we going to
next vacuum the money because it's
something oh my god oh you want a baby
you like it Oh which one you like the
white one what is it I got it
whoa look it up on here hop on oh this
is really cool
she don't want this for me okay I like
it a lot there's only one last two you
can't hit the bed with her stuff okay
next for poor people in the big guys
she's having the time of her life here
well that's fine a baby it looks kinda
like ill
we're trying to find a baby that kind of
looks like you a baby that looks like
ill right here kind of looks like oh
hell look at your sister let me see oh
yeah oh wow that's a twin
that's the twin that will put down right
there here look at this one look at that
one Oh
gonna kill bill Hey look at this one
Alex look at this one little money found
mmm you can you could take a bath with
her she wants this one what is that I
think she wants another sister as well
bad bad you have already like two
sisters over there you want that one too
okay here okay we got three options here
we got the dark Beauty we got the blonde
tropical all we got the tan is Morrall
de Babette what okay um I don't think
she likes you guys why this is too hard
of a decision hon no stressful being
here have you made a decision yet or we
can just take your cousin's home you
want take your cousin's home I think
they want to go home with you you want
to take your cousin's home Oh your
cousin's try to escape oh
look look a puppy look oh happy someone
just said I need a home which one was
that I think is this one whoa
look Jenny a home look well
she said forget him okay let's get steak
him okay you got him let's go ready to
go yeah we'll get a dog to now so you
want that one
you want that one all right let's go for
all the parents out there or soon-to-be
parents I'm gonna be honest it's hard
not to spoil your kids just got to do it
let's go we got a paid form okay we got
to pay for him come on let's go
why is this because we never
you got him yeah we did it
a successful Toys R Us trip why does he
sing baby
that's the brushes hair not to brush
your teeth brush your hair brush your
puppies here there you go alright guys
so we just got here to the hospital at
UCLA so we're going to go inside and
pick up the results we are super excited
literally we've never done this before
so this is like the first time for us
but all I got to say and I think it's a
boy guys when I want to have a baby and
Elle thinks her friend violet can have a
baby sister car ok it going to be a girl
thank you
so what are we gonna open it oh no way
to get home
Oreo shake some cheesecake factory
telling y'all right now you ain't never
had them but it happens the plug thank
me later go to work go ahead you got
toys by shakes today I look like a mess
so before we open the gender I use only
you guys know that obviously I can't
tell you what the gender is because if I
tell you then she's going to find out
and that's not going to be fair because
we want to plan an entire gender reveal
party so just to let you guys know
before I even open the envelope I saw
you guys to know that whatever it is
whether it's a boy or a girl
I'm going to be happy literally like my
expression is going to be the same for
whichever gender it is so don't be
thinking that you know what it is
because I lack the same anybody really
neutral okay you guys go ahead and
comment what you guys think if it's a
boy or a girl
okay perfect I feel like this
an honor like this is such an honor
think about it oh my gosh is the most
beautiful thing ever it is Wow guys we
know this before anyone else wow so
amazed right now now I'm excited for our
that's a guy love you I really love you
okay you ready yeah
no come over next no because I don't
want them to see like what are the
ratings
neutral neutral neutral we go we go all
right a family about to call Jonathan
real quick obviously I'm not going to
tell him but I want to get hyped up go
what's going on bro I got your gender in
my hands you know anything already huh
yep sure do that's crazy
Oh Donovan first of all to say how much
of an honor it is to know this because
this is so crazy so what do you think it
is
I can't believe you guys knowing Ali
remote so what do you think well what do
you think ah I think oh let's feel like
doing the girl but now hey is that I
guess they're like - it might be a boy
really our like I don't know well are
you going to find out soon well I'll
talk to you later I we got to go
I don't even know how to I know that
it's such an I want to say something
Dyess
I don't want to give it away so I'm just
going to keep my mouth shut and it's
gonna be very hard for me because
Jonathan I thought it's going to be
really everyday I'm going to tell
Jessica listen we have to do the reveal
on Saturday this weekend because I have
to know more tomorrow yeah that's why we
gotta set it up yeah this is so crazy
are you happy okay family please
congratulate Jessica and Jonathan are a
bunch of good people they're so nice
we've only known them for this year but
we're so grateful to have friendship
with a family and you know like they
have a little daughter so which is
really cool because we can relate to
that amendment else best friend as you
guys know so make sure you congratulate
them in the comments comment which is I
saying boy or girl and we got to say
stay tuned for the original reveal
because we'll make sure we'll put that
in one of our blogs so you guys can find
out damn I got to get to planning I'm a
little party planner yo guys I hope you
enjoyed our video hopefully to get to
upset with us by the caption but it is
what it is in the day someone's having a
baby
and not to mention we're the only ones
who know what the gender is literally an
entire world we're the only ones which
is so crazy
so today's post notifications shoutout
goes to obviously go to Jonathan and
Jessica because this is all about them
and graduations congratulations to you
guys whoever else would like a closer
location shout-out you have to have a
baby
don't play yes it does
you have to obviously subscribe turn on
our posts on vacations and then comment
then done and obviously if you like this
video you got to give a thumbs up like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful family always say what
we always say
we'll be back with more videos be
