don't fit them or like we say time hey
welcome back very sound guys what's
going on everybody today we'll be doing
part two of the close swap chat so the
reason why we want to do a part two on
this club swap challenges because when
we first did this challenge it was when
we were really new to YouTube and we
didn't really know what we were doing so
I feel like the word to do it today it
would just be so much better
so this is how I was going down I picked
three outfits for Austin to wear I spent
one extra one just a case you might wear
that so I put that in the closet he
hasn't seen an outfit yeah and then he
picks three or four outfits for me is it
three or four three three outfits for me
to wear and then I have to wear them no
matter what so we're going to go one by
one and trying all these outfits and
then you guys and rate us and tell us
which outfits were the best yes and then
what we decided was whatever outfit that
we're wearing last is the outfit that
will be wearing out in public we
actually did that same thing in our
first video only four instances
challenge and it actually went pretty
good I was we just watching it it's so
funny how much things have change um but
yeah I was really funny so I think this
time will be even funnier and we do it
yeah and hopefully we go somewhere where
no one sees us but probably won't happen
yeah alright a family so as we go along
trying different outfits make sure you
bring us in the comments and then
obviously at the very end tell us which
one you like the best
so you're right now it's 1 through 10
for each outfit and at the very end tell
us which one you like the best must
admit we're pretty embarrassing you know
for me but I just don't care so you guys
can go ahead and screenshot whatever you
feel what makes you tweet if the
screenshot doesn't people to find
remember we do this for peer
entertainment for the ACM because we
love you so y'all ready to get a good
laugh and it is also really funny
it is sorry already get some love for
you me
you like translation why leave okay
ladies first always ah so outfit number
one for my queen don't get a minute okay
I wonder what outfits you going to put
on first very ready all right come on
out but make sure you look good
I'm not sure if the bikes outfit or the
color any look will you guys rate that
outfit this is what casual call casual
going out to a little what brunch
I'm brunch yeah what have you to do it I
don't know no jive
what you think this is they'll not
camera down the road outfit number two
you reading it as I do I reward yet I
like that you can really wear that out I
can't be chillin yeah we take like that
wouldn't you
I like that what's that like just go to
the mall casual like that will pull pull
I don't discover you guys go into public
great this outfit last outfit come out
that so what you get is detective sure
mine
yeah cute i Jeremy we blend this up for
you real quick
that's adorable wait why are you hands
like spinning see Sharpie yellows to
have a bit hey what now is hands likes
any person has a bottom then you look
you're like a tuxedo job gonna sure it's
up to me
well right cute like this okay yeah
let's do that okay with it yeah what is
my hug you would ya hey check it out
what do you guys say it but like
actually fit it though I mean I guess I
can't detect enough to where your little
bit like hey don't like it you know is
piggy guys this will be my little bit
little to be okay fashion guru let the
hood you look positive alright alright
daddy's turn everyone put your phones
away
Oh screenshot
you're going to be trying to figure out
where dings oh do me good let go in
there and help you guard it would you
guys think
ready one two ten it is intriguing how
do you guys still a lot of alpha right
here welcome what about the fan right
right oh where are your baby food oh
that's an actual outfit right right
Meghan fingers bitch oh yeah well a cake
it is awesome and what takes a little me
heads and that's what it does
like they say oh you're gonna wear
skinny folded what rudolfo's already
resulted huh yeah laughs ready for the
be desired what it needs does it baby
everything I do anything over the tramp
need to know how bad I'm sorry all that
after only one short fall because the
video would've got flat real quick but
you got to get the gist on the race egg
and today right oh go ahead my goody
wait why is mom thank you
it's so peaceful Walker taste it as you
can see they're quite fit but I mean
this is my color cream I love lunch so
the value every time up on this necklace
top so I can take you on a color
actually looks very nice on me a shirt
like that
good fossil I will be there to live and
pose itself
so tell me what you guys break this
outfit right here one goofy nose you
guys a cool so hoarse judger there with
me out with your muscle a can for
how to go down to won't we
I forgot to bring you down because the
nexus difference ladies out there you
got a dress me have to let the lid do it
because you can Emanuel do not know
Nandu Nandu valet do not do ballet no do
not do ballet Hey look at me oh my god
you'd open the door for any shot open
the door welcome
God everyone's already looked at me
guys look at Austin he really came out
here like this oh my god there's people
that oh my god everyone sees us really
creepy
awesome Ziva wear my sandals look where
he's wearing
wait my pants are falling that I can't
even hold the camera well can't even
hold the camera because my frickin pants
are falling I think that it was really
weird to do because now we have 2
million subscribers the first time we
did this listen that bad yeah keep
walking
wait why do you have the shirt in front
of you nothing what are you have it on
your bow is another purpose you film you
go tell me the monster cool thanks bro
appreciate it my homies I look good and
baby you look normal as hell and girl
let me get at you real quick be my baby
mama damn line full of people I like the
my personal trainer anybody a train
radio bangs our food and I will be
honest
how deserve some dessert for going out
like this
yes sir guys
they're pretty successful yeah if you
like so no one even noticed me I like
totally normal thanks so much
the third person to be like mom's
developer would probably admit all I got
to say this video better get some damn
likes yeah I got people looking at me
like I'm great that thing is like what
cares what people think
wear what you want do what you want long
as you're happy that's not anything I
should matter telling y'all the world be
a better place
hello last name God the chink is too
high
he's really going to the bank you
thought he wasn't but he is
let's see this girl Madison
yep good hi why are they running like
that I think it's Hannah's Ardis mom
yah
you love me
our a so that is it for today's close
swap challenge I hope we made it
interesting and that's pretty good maybe
you guys got a couple good laughs in
there I know you guys probably screen
shot the hell out of us
well that's okay as long as you tweet us
so we can get a good laugh with you guys
okay you guys want to get the best
creature you guys do Catherine I was
looking at him to dial up social anxiety
like some immutable make like means
animals can judge and I'm like this is
literally the worst picture everything
myself in second all right so before we
close up this video we have to give our
notification shout out and that goes to
Jenny but her username is Joelle roses
sunshine a teeny tiny shout out to you
Jimmy thank you so much for having our
post indications turned on over else
would like a post notifications shout
out all you have to do is subscribe to
our channel turn on our postal vacations
which means turn on that red bail up
there and comment when obviously guys
you got to give this video a thumbs up
like comment share and subscribe and
like meet and my beautiful handsome
Queen always say back in my videos I
know I'm great using you just like this
okay you love me please
