don't fit them or like we say time hey
Sam welcome back to town guys what's
going on everybody so as you all know
today is the day we pick out our
giveaway winners but I'm sorry to say
you have to watch the entire video until
the end because the end will be
announcing the winners so today as you
can see by the title we will be doing
the huge teddy bear prank on our grandpa
all I gotta say if you're a part of our
family you know no one's safe this
should work just perfect because she's
not into social media she's probably
only seen a few of our videos and we're
assuming that she hasn't seen our teddy
bear prank so we're assuming this exists
here
a gravel going to be coming over to take
care of all usually when we have a whole
bunch of errands to run we have things
to do we don't bring it all with us
because we don't want her sitting in the
car for that many hours so grandmas
going to be on her way to take care of
the plan is to call grandma before she
even gets here and tell her that we are
out and about we're going to be home
soon and the plan is for us to start
filming when we arrive so we're going to
ask her if she could please tidy up the
living room and obviously Theodore's
going to be out in the living room he's
not supposed to be there so she's going
to obviously think to put him back where
he belongs which is an ellsberg so
usually when Grandma comes she called us
and lets us know that she's here so that
we can bring her in because she doesn't
have a key fob she does have a key to
the house so we're obviously going to
know when she's coming up to get ready
and set up and scare her so as soon as
she calls and as soon as she's coming
upstairs we're going to setup awesome
going to get inside of the bear as you
guys all know Austen's amazing and being
in that band I don't know how he makes
it look so alive Ellen I will be in the
closet hiding what if grandma knows how
you do good it's not going to work this
is going to be a fail result I'm singing
yeah can we play regardless because
grandma like come on
the grandmas not really grandma she's
like a hip grandma she young - so a
grandma
interesting though because we've never
pranked grandma before we the first
prank on grandma and she's got a kitty
y'all ready makes you keep watching hey
grandma you mind doing us a favor so
we're out in food right now and I know
you're going to be home before we are so
do you mind just do you mind just
straighten up the living room a little
bit for us because soon as we get home
we're going to start filming
okay cool do you want us to bring you
home some food okay cool we'll see you a
little bit
hey STEMI now we're going to set up and
wait for her call squeaking buzzer all
right she calling mother buzzer my
closet
nobody's listening Oh
so crazy I'm still being updated of
things oh wow not my husband we got him
he hit me with a broiler phone Oh am I
gonna see the bear this is a bear but I
kind of kind of felt it a little bit not
right like I said if you're part of the
family nobody's safe
there's about time I got my grandma
that's not life we did it a family we
pranked my grandma make sure you like
this video comment share subscribe we
did it are y'all ready for us to
announce the winners all I got to say is
please do not be upset Katherine I will
be doing plenty more giveaways which
means more opportunities to win so
really quickly I'm just going to explain
how we even picked our final contestants
so obviously we wanted to have a good
amount of guys and a good amount of
girls so we picked about 20 to 20 people
each we did it in the course of the week
so we just screenshotted the people who
we really felt could win and so these
were two comments such as like I never
win anything or comments saying that you
know they've been following us our
journey watching us on YouTube for the
past year like this is just like a whole
bunch of different types of people of
different people from overseas just
everyone like literally anyone had a
chance to win so if you're thinking well
like I would never have a chance to win
the person who's winning is probably
that person thinking that exact
thing so just know that it's literally
random it's the most random thing ever I
really feel like whoever wins our
giveaways is the person that's meant to
win our giveaways obviously we get
thousands and thousands of comments
literally we get so many comments and we
don't see every single one but the way
that I see it is our eyes happen to see
that comment at that moment and we feel
like that's a worthy person or whatever
the case is we are going to pick that
person so just seeing it that way don't
ever get discouraged for the next
giveaway we're literally going to be
doing so many more shall I go first
there you go first you go first girls
when I wanted rocky forces and girls go
for Ironman girls first no girls they're
a bit of the rule girls first all right
okay I don't know we really say go pick
it out hey Maria stop Sauceda I remember
her at hostile 178 one can I see
congratulations
alright Maria so you literally one my
favorite bag ever let me tell you a tiny
little story before it gets too long so
I saw this bag about couple months ago
and I bought it and I was like so
stressful that I've been wearing it
everyday you guys know that I wear this
every single day and all my pictures and
everything so what happened was we
decided we wanted to do this giveaway
and um we were like oh like let's do it
next week like whatever so I went into
Louboutin and I went to see if they had
this bag because I was going to do a
giveaway I wanted to make sure that the
person who got a giveaway from us would
be like my favorite thing so I went to
the store and they didn't have it and so
they were telling me that they're like
that foreigners are like impossible to
get and I knew that because I've had a
bag in the past where I never could get
it because is it possible to get so we
went to destroy the next day and it just
so happens they had
in the back they had on hold for another
customer yeah and so she came back out
and she had the bag and I was like wow
this is so meant to be like if I'm gonna
do a giveaway I'm going to do is get rid
of his back so this is a strap for an
end of the bag and then also she won
very easy and she gets to tell me after
this video I should get to tell me what
side she wants them in so she wants them
in her size or boyfriend or husband size
or her dad side whatever the cases
congratulations girl figure out for my
fellas let's get I'm excited
y'all ready I don't know I'm like
centerlink it's about one guy you know
you are Robin is the underscore Robin
shout to you bro thank you so much for
showing all your love and support I
Katherine mention bro you can tell me
what size you need do I probably like
what I want as well and I was going to
give away a million of these a moment as
well as this lovely Louis V backpack
right here Oh kind of be like a cool
back
hell yeah we're so excited to giving
this to you guys you understand you guys
show us so much love and support and we
wouldn't be here where we are today
without you guys so of course we got to
get back you guys give so much to us
that we have to return the favor so
thank you guys so much for always
supporting us in our family
yeah the reason why we even did this
type of giveaway to begin with I know
some of you might be think you know why
didn't you do something smaller and give
away more things for more people
honestly before we started doing YouTube
before you know a couple years ago I
couldn't afford the backpack liquid or
shoes like this and I just wanted to
make sure that we did a giveaway for
people who not necessarily can't afford
it but someone who just wouldn't buy
themselves something like this
good point so I mean whatever the case
is for liveries and you know we picked
you guys for a reason it was destiny
that you guys ones I hope that you
appreciate these stuff we're going to be
doing so much more so
stay tuned for that and just know the
more love and support that you show
obviously the better chance you have
well so just like the more we see you in
general like if we see you only I'm
commenting liking just like when we do a
giveaway we're going to be putting your
name in the Hat like we are going to be
ie because we see you often we're like
this person is such a supportive person
you know they stick around for you know
everything and we're just like okay yeah
this person is coming on and don't just
you know show love and we do do a
giveaway so love all the time you know I
mean that really shows us what type of
person you are and it really shows us
that you really are part of a Sam so
just keep that in mind that's correct
that's okay iMovie pranked
my grandma like so you had it coming
like I said you're part of the family
when I heard her scream I see it go like
like our the whole are a family
obviously if you liked this video give
it a thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
Queen always say we'll be back with more
videos okay
