someone told me number Solis tonic fit
their life we say time hey some leg
welcome back to town guys what's going
on everybody
so we're here now at an Asian market
about to pick up something for a friend
of mine and my dad
perfect I did over
our xamon so Katherine and I are here at
an Asian market and we just called
ghrelin market for those who live in Los
Angeles and or wondering where you can
find all of these spicy noodles over
here we're actually picking them up for
one of my friends and my dad so imma get
it for them and I'm going to bet them
$100 to see if they can eat the whole
entire pack all right guys so we just
got home and we checked our mail so I
have a gift for awesome so the package
is from China what could it be is made
for those who don't know I love teddy
bear oh wait look wait what yes
awesome what did you guys know you guys
get what he's doing he humping you mommy
humping what what is that little mailbox
I don't know you like it yeah it's cute
that's so funny I think you head on here
right I think so
Oh a seed or yes yeah I got it for you
because son you have a crazy person who
came up with getting it I guess the next
time I do a huge teddy bear prank and be
wearing this t-shirt alright guys so I
just want to show you the newest
addition to our merch which is iPhone
cases and we're going to have these
available next week these ones are the
iPhone 7 phone cases we're obviously
going to be having iPhone pluses
available and as well as Samsung who's
my favorite one often has a stamp on one
of this one and then mine this one here
this one's like a shiny gloss to it and
then these ones are more matted so make
sure to follow us on our Instagram
account to get any updates on our merch
our guys we're currently waiting for our
friends to come over and we're also
waiting for our visit al to come back
home like that took her from us for the
night so she's through the night our
grandpa's house last night so she should
be back any minute so my friend my dad
gets there they will be trying this
spicy ramen noodles they don't think is
that hot but we don't see what el gets
here you think she's gonna be mad at us
or yeah you think so we hardly leave al
but when we do leave her she gets upset
really upset and it's almost like she
gets more upset as she gets older right
so we'll have to find out all right guys
we order pizza pizza just arrived and
he's lucky I into a Peter bring home oh
man my guy this
hey yo this is the guy that I pranked ya
alright that's my guy right here this
isn't like a champ oh and by the way
they had the best pizza for tell these
pizzas the best for us I got the pizza
the guy says when they gave me the
address delivered a pizza to I was not
trying to go because the last time you
order pizza we pranked him so he was so
nervous he said I hate being put on the
spot
and he said I must admit you guys got me
good but you're not going to get me
again so I was pretty funny thing my
friends are here too by the way
oh is this the man who thinks he can
finish all of the spicy ramen noodle our
guys else written by Liz here hi
she's waiting for L to get here and I
think she just pulled up shits out here
right she's here you thinking she just
got here so we'll wait for her to walk
through the door and she's gonna
probably be upset with Katherine not
gonna be happy to see violet she could
be happy to see you yeah this is our
first friend that's our best friend
right so she should be coming through
that door any minute are you look look
look we miss you we miss you oh you just
woke up come here baby I love you Oh
kiss you guys dude cut kiss I'll give a
kiss
oh that's it bro what you gonna do
you ready come on go what hell mom
there's a talent or the round is called
the spicy noodle challenge and people
have to eat this like spicy really
really spicy noodles and like almost no
one can do like I did it died I was like
all right Awesome's is barely one bite
and right now my friend over there he's
making it right now he's gonna try next
oh really so after he I want to try it
so after after he's done after he's done
I think you should try it
all right it's right I might I have too
much of one right now stereo popping
through the 1 by na Gopal I think you do
one by at least cuz I did one by heart
bro your hot seats ready yo what are
making the noodles so now this year you
got to put some time spicy too time
spicy you know you're looking at this
like I'm a little nervous for you bro
he's about to get in the hot seat what a
thing is you know it should be easy for
him he's half asian so I mean he gonna
be on test is for Vice I'll do auto dome
alright here we go 3 2 1 action
take your time so you take your time UK
darlin right huh no family take your
time if it won't bite now bad let's go I
don't know boy here but this is are you
sober
hey hold up are anymore back to me know
how your finishing blow
okay we'll see what I need he's almost
there a family counselor like hockey
glasses receiver so we thought he
already finished it
yeah Lee kill you look at all yeah you
Savage dinner you and I'll be able to
work tomorrow
hey my man city spicy you got it out
well maybe the whole bottle of water
after that should make it a man right
now see if you want explain in HoN it is
the people out there watching Asian your
- yes you're not is the - maritime say
for sure for sure a lot of traders are
okay should be an opportune or healthy
budget all right Sammy now we're gonna
make one for my grandpa are you ready
yeah okay great to do it because I tried
there we go three two one let's go to
Grandpa
I'll be the first grandpa never do this
on YouTube
you want you initiated
oh yeah the same thing name exactly what
I worried about me is the same thing
rain water diving already I'm gonna
trying to buy your to be yeah everybody
you tasted one noodle Grampa can do Eli
on tonight what you think grandpa huh
what you think it's pretty hot yeah well
I just started water a little bit
worried knows whatever you can't do it
just you can just stop okay and you're a
savage grandpa you bite so far yeah you
going Daniel it's already yeah yeah you
have one more bite you Atty Katherine
that's it equals pain grand for you
halfway done onto your bikes one up de
mine is bigger we got an iron stomach
you will have played ill you want to
face I like the flavor base because it
could have toned it down about 20
degrees they confuse my papa
what's your elbow juice here go that's
your apple juice thank you
yeah go ahead he does oh you gonna do
jump off yourself killed it
not just crying happiness
I can't you guys I am happiness so for
all the other youtubers out there who
have grandpa's you've got to allow them
to attempt this challenge because I know
my grandpa he's except well you guys
want ice cream
now your knives replace muslin ice cream
with my baby we're eating chocolate good
then place fires called Gogarty
wait what it's like home go green go
Greek yogurt yeah thought was gold
thank baby you and L are going in what
else you want with it what you want
better all you so beautiful lies by the
hedges so play more shoes I've been no
more shoes now you could go to water
yeah splash the water else you got all
the way baby you got away you have fun
yeah yes I'm gonna pizza party a girl's
pizza party give a hug goodbye
hug goodbye oh give her a hug all she
wants to put a sticker on there oh give
you a kiss Oh kit oh you guys love each
other we got to go L shut the door hey
your best friend bye ah you you guys
text each other later okay see ya see
take each other later eldest you have
your number she have your cell phone
number yeah okay okay let's go it's not
yet okay to the door shut the door
thank you say bye good job of s what are
you doing what are you doing that it's
time for you to go to bed admit I'm a
bad tired
just humming on nine night for my hair
Oh first family save me hey we are a
family
we're super tired right now are a family
being attacked by a creature okay well
guys I hope you enjoyed today's video in
a family don't forget about our giveaway
will be picking the winners in
tomorrow's video so makes you stay tuned
for that and if you do not know about
our giveaway make sure you check out
boyfriend losses our baby
prank check that video out and explain
everything about our giveaway we are
giving away to Louie the backpacks right
yes and two pairs of easy so there will
be one girl winner and one guy winner
and I could pick their sizes so whatever
sizes that they want to win correctly
it's technically a year a girl and you
want to get shoes for your boyfriend or
whatever you can pick the side correct
crib or underwire Oh check out that
videos you can get a better
understanding so before we close out
today's video we do have to give our
post indication shot up to whomever you
know today's post Center vacation goes
to Elijah and Jocelyn Barrera oh wait
you gave two shadows today they're
brothers Oh shout-out to say the names
again Elijah and Jocelyn Marin shout out
to you guys thank you so much for having
yep thank you see what is wrong with me
shoutout to both of you guys thank you
so much for having our post on vacations
turned on whoever else like a pulse on
vacations shoutout you guys should
already know to do subscribe to the a
family turn on our pulse notifications
and then comment when that what are you
doing don't scream sorry my that is not
cute summer night Thank You stinky feet
stinky stinky feet they're so stinky I
pass out I love you so much
are we doing again stinky stinky stinky
stinky feet they're so stinky I pass out
again again okay
stinky stinky feet stinky stinky feet
they're so stinky I'm kind of self I did
okay stinky stinky stinky stinky feet
they're so stinky I passed out
give me the cito before gonna a besito
oh hey Stanley get a besito get the
mosquito all right all right family
obviously if you liked this video give
it a thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
family always safe we'll be back with
more video peace say peace
