someone told me to move down a cliff to
my life hey Tom hello how are you good
can I get 10 balloons with helium in
them just a variety of colors
that's are my eyes um the regular ones
what was that latex yeah latex and can
we not have the string so long kind of
like the string make it short yeah thank
you so Katherine and I were supposed to
be filming a vlog today but there's been
a change of plan I've been seeing these
balloon pop challenges on YouTube and
I've seen Ellen do it on her show so I
thought of this idea that can be
something like that but switch it up a
little bit we don't make things more
interesting so I'm here now at Party
City getting some balloons and I'm going
to go back to the house and convince
Kathryn that she has to do this
challenge with me so make sure you keep
hey welcome back to my channel guys
what's going on everybody I just got
back to the house and I told Katherine
what we're going to be doing today as
you can see the blooms are over ahead
and they're ready to be published let's
go ahead and break down the rules all
right so this will actually be the first
time I'm explaining to Kathryn while
I'll explain it to you guys so first
let's put a chair on each side so chair
will go here and a chair will go here so
next makes you have ten balloons with
helium animal you can't really see our
through their above our head but they're
here
now this is how the challenge will be
played God whoever wants to start your
partner will face the opposite way so
for example Katherine face this way the
chairs are for balance so I stay with me
yeah hold the chair get a good position
all right
so place your hands here get good
balance so now your partner is going to
grab the Ballon wherever it's located
put it in between you and your partner
so now this is a difficult part you
cannot use any hands so I'm going to be
here hands behind the head and you're
going to be thrusting as hard as you can
to make the balloon pops
so you're going to just be you know what
I mean you get it okay and then once
that balloon pops then you quickly
switch automatic the hell up over here
and she would do the same to me and so
on and so forth
let me get this straight we have to pop
10 balloons total I popped five on you
you pop five on me and we have to do it
under three minutes under three minutes
here to pop ten balloons in under three
minutes say where's Mary and I'll think
about it because we're popping the
balloon mention where it's better they
should wear some to cover your stomach
because you might might leave you a
little bruise so the reason why is is
difficult because you can't use no hands
you can only use hands to place the
balloon once you place the balloon you
can't use any hands and you have to do
it under three minutes
you ready better yeah all right so let
me bring on my timer set it for three
minutes I'm sure you can see this but
three minutes are better we got to be
moving quick all right so I will be
dressed and first all right oh when I
start doing it as the timer as soon as I
touch the timer we start so can I be on
my position yeah you'd be ready position
hi here we go I'm nervous Sam Bennett
make sure you head underground because
I'll meet the rusting so I don't want
you to fall over just hold that ground
all right
and then when you're trusting me really
put some anger in there all right hey
Emma you ready here we go in three two
one
votre hote round
well that ground it hey hold that hold
that rel hard about bulla hold that
ground maybe so maybe so
hey answer are you trying to charge it
recharge I've tried everything
no no no games no hands no man come on
come on good good come on come on come
on aggressive come on we got three
minutes
come on come on brother that blue back
plate come on put it in the little here
go off in it Lord nor part of what lower
part but that's the church come on come
on good it really care to me ha come on
alright so how about the grill at hand
the guy doesn't okay so we just say the
rule so since the girl can trust as far
as a guy just naturally I figure that
we're going to allow the woman to use
hands okay so the guy still can't use
hands but the woman is allowed to hold
and use hands okay let's try it again
let's restart the time all right so you
go
saucy Evo first okay cuz I believe it is
you pop it alright alright so right the
time when every pop is but let's let all
the rooms in a good spot for us to
ground
okay so I have to get eggs amatory time
guys three two one come on come on come
on
oh good good come on
stolen
city ii plan that how we go 46 seconds
left baby we did aa little workout I
think workout you guess damn is a
workout so that worked better
right now we're better the girl is
allowed to use hands and the guy
obviously is not I'm tired
me too all I got to say is ever any
workout guys yeah I'll definitely work
out all I gotta say is whoever is
watching we challenge you to pop ten
balloons they never stay in under three
minutes with the same exact really we
still have like a minute left
we did all wall 40 seconds 46 seconds
well we were moving the beginning like
sometimes the balloon a pop right away
so it's a challenge yes what should we
call this challenge
yeah I'm look really called it we should
call it the I mean the position that
we're in is like like trying to have a
baby you know me
so we call it trying to have a baby
challenge you call that Oreo we don't
call this trying to have a baby
challenge all I gotta say is if you're
willing to accept this challenge y'all
better complete the chest time sweater
on by the way and also make sure you
cover up your whole body so it doesn't
hurt and don't be trying to cheat either
if you happen to do it the first time if
you don't get under three minutes
don't try to do it again still post what
you've got how much the guys honestly
feeling a pittance rested even more
really you're right really dressed it
yeah almost blew my back but before we
end today's video we do have to give our
poll from the vacation shout out to
whomever and we have what I have on how
many days reminder man it was crazy
shut up story I the story
so for those who haven't watched the
video where I got a tattoo don't worry
about it because you will understand but
the people who watch that video you know
I got a tattoo right and it's crazy
because we didn't say where I got the
tattoo all I did was tell you guys who
did my tattoos and the craziest things I
went the other day for those who follow
me on snapchat you know I went the other
day but I did get a new tattoo it just
didn't work out and when I left the
tattoo spot my tattoo artist text me
with a picture of a family member with a
note that she held up on the show you
guys right here the cutest thing in the
world as you guys can see you can't
really read the note but you know it's
there it says that they often oh my gosh
it really stalked your last video where
you got your lively cat tattoo I found
your tattoo shot but I love you guys so
much please give me a shout-out and her
name is Maria Trinidad so shout out to
Maria Satine thank you so much for
coming by to try to say hi to me sorry I
wasn't there but I am giving you a shout
out so I appreciate you for that shout
out to you girl god damn I love all my
ACM members whoever else like a post or
make it should shout out all you got to
do is obviously subscribe turn on our
poles on vacations and then comment when
done and obviously guys you like this
video you got to give it thumbs up like
comment share and subscribe and all I
got to say is I'm curious to know who's
capable of doing this challenge so like
me and my beautiful Queen always say
will be bit we'll be back with more
videos page
