don't exist in my lifetime
oh baby you're not there
we're gonna get up about to hit two
million eight family members let's get
ready
come on mask it up all right ace family
I'm gonna go on livestream with us start
live please women hey alchemax me guys
we had to wake up so fast this morning
to catch the countdown as you can see
she's having a crazy hair day oh you
want to talk to them oh it's going up
quick no no no just keeps going right oh
my gosh
oh it's coming quick it's coming quick
or gaining a family members by the
second whoever subscribing right now I
love you and just know you're part of a
family a family you do not understand
this was so unexpected Kathryn and I did
not think that we were going to hit two
million this fast and we just weren't
ready for it so um I thought we're going
to hit it like that
birthday only one more month I know I
thought so too it's happening so fast
so this is consider our turnip right now
with you guys watching it countdown Oh
got it got it
yes oh my god we did it family day
besito oh shoot
people Shh besito c'mere besito
does he don't the people thank you Wow
two million eight family members and I
was amazing in August 2nd 2017 what time
is it 921 a family we hit 2 million
subscribers on August 2nd on a Wednesday
and 921 wow I love you guys
well outside baby I'm telling the world
wait so well yes and it just keeps going
up don't let you minute yes tell them we
love them so much and we can't explain
it
I know wow look at all your beautiful
notifications like I promise you guys
never go on no this damn baby we hit two
million look at this I don't even hit
you yet like do you realize what two
million people is hasn't hit me baby how
do you feel how do you feel that two
million GCM remembers how do you feel
taco Wow that's how she feels ready for
you why do you feel like that is it's
overwhelming for you you want to talk to
your family wants to talk to you
talk to them I'm talking to them all
right would you say to them is really a
dolphin oh good
tell them ecology shell easy doesn't
that you love it
okay thank you look show them that you
love them okay tell them I love you give
mesito kiss kiss can kiss oh oh you love
to go hey awesome back your channel guys
it says it every time it does now it's
accusing him guys words cannot express
how we feel right now so crazy because
like two million is still me people and
when we first started YouTube we're like
Oh we'll never get there oh my god I'll
take forever to get there to two million
and then here we are and it's like it
happened so much faster than we
anticipated and almost let us feel real
it's like I don't even know how to like
like I feel proud of us but then I feel
like there's so much more that we have
to show so much more and the fact that
we have so much more to capture there's
so much more that we want to show you
guys and share with you guys it's so
crazy because all of you that are
already on our channel watching it we're
literally taking you guys with us on a
journey it's done crazy and it's hard to
show how much we appreciate all of you
but we're trying our best and we cannot
thank you guys enough for all your love
and support like without you guys and
none of this we possible and you guys
are blessing and it comes hand in hand
because you guys hire us and then we
inspire you in return and it's like it
just comes hand in hand like we are
consistent we do what we do because you
guys want to watch us and
we're able to do what we do because you
guys watch us so it's kind of like and
we're so much more powerful with you
guys like or a team or a family and
that's the special part about it and
like Katherine mentioned we have so much
more wink-wink that we have to share
with you guys like oh I wonder they even
know what or something about like what
type of events and things that we can
share them all I gotta say is there's
just so much more coming yeah like this
is the beginning literally this is the
beginning there's so much more we have
to capture and share with all of you
it's crazy and I'm so happy to be able
to do that with you guys it's like the
best feeling in the world
as you guys can see this is our way of
celebrating so in order to continue our
celebration I say we go out and just get
everything that any love that we love to
eat yeah that's the best way to do it oh
right because food is life food is life
I wish all you can come with us because
I know you guys enjoyed food as much as
we do so I say we go out and just get
why not just text me like
congratulations
two million and they're doing anything
you have to go eat all the food you can
eat Jamba Juice the crab rice cake
Jake I'm cookies all that stuff you guys
you guys ready to go you snack we're
like simple life we just want to
celebrate as long as we're together the
family and celebrating that's all that
matters good bye next time when we get
three million we're definitely doing
something crazy oh we're gonna do
something crazy like you're going to
jump off a plane or something calm down
so before we continue a today's video we
have to give our post certification
shout-out today to not anyone in
particular but everyone who departed a
column because they all deserve a
shout-out all of you deserve a shout-out
and we can't thank you guys enough so
thank you all a family for being a part
of our family and now we're one big
family so shall we go get snacks all
right let's do it
how you doing man can I get the white
gummy daddy side
well you wanted tonight set me up open
three
medium-sized mommy five joke a family uh
do you guys want something where we'll
wait can I keep to two million
1,057 like them
I want to know the secret ingredient
what is in the white drum all right in
family we spent our favorite drinks
we're never going to get something else
awesome frog ribbit admit that looks
mighty delicious it is the model digging
twice now we we all gonna dig in hmm
are emotional I'm not sure if you guys
can notice but we are at our last dive
can we get two million of your milk
patty okay so how do you feel about this
place
yes and we're back we're hoping it'll
tonight really not that cheap we ate all
other stuff you a the wall as yours yo
guys she gets so happy whenever she has
food she gives us all the kids look at
her eating the chocolate good you like
it tell them how good it is good
everybody nos be like nothing happen I
mean would you mommy bye it's okay so
you live it not great you can have it
all by the way guys the best chocolate
ice cube candy are the milk patty okay
alright guys so we know today's video
was short but it's time to get back to
business
right - this video is time to start
filling our next video so before we
close out the video we do want to remind
you guys that the giveaway is still
going on and you guys have till next
Tuesday Department admitted being away I
don't know about the giveaway make sure
you watch our last video explains it all
and obviously if you liked this video
you got to give it a thumbs up this
video
better get a thumbs up we now have two
million eight
family members painting crazy so like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful Queen oh forget about
my my beautiful chocolate printer like
literally she's eating the whole top of
ourselves look you're the only topic
children show them what you just show
them show them what you're eating
is that good is that good so like me and
my beautiful family always say well do
that with more videos too
