Oh
let me hear nobody's been a most
beautiful precious mine
okay you ready to go see the puppies you
way to look see the puppies you ready to
see the puppies here we go I got it for
you got a surprise look L look they're
bad look should we call him ace
oh he wants to come home with us huh
thank you for us gilma hug Oh be nice to
him
now you got two babies three big Hey
when they're born they have one set of
nails and the other one microbes out
this experience that were just like snap
off oh I love them
Hey Oh cute gimme kiss gimme kid
they live it there that's what the ears
quit like that look like oh I think I
like the ears though maybe I get older
you'll probably wonder with your hubby
he looked like a ace hey stop the litter
right
photoshoot L&A the photoshoot it's a
photoshoot girl it's a photoshoot give
him a hug him hug him hug oh you love
him you love him
next time I think it was a bad idea that
we came over here because I told you
guys we couldn't have a dog right now
it's not the time for us but we're
having second thoughts
Oh
why are you so cute oh the girls game
jelly ace is like this is my mommy now
look at his eyes
right gonna go home and consider getting
you okay
oh yeah my manager he's over here bless
all these beautiful dogs if you are
interested make sure you hit them up and
it's d-ends on IG right iceberg police
right there hidden yet we've got him
here to blue pocket buoys and not pit
bulls american boobies check this out
they got them almost they got them all
girls guys we got a money back again
again again get your aces in the back
like man I'm chilly L say bye say bye
Oh or should we get a bird you want to
say it already all three of us one two
three hey welcome back
ah what's going on everybody
so we just got back home from looking at
some gorgeous puppy what kind of puppies
are there probably bullies they're
called little Bluebird so that they were
pit bulls but I guess bullies are much
different so now I know you want to talk
to her let's talk to him okay don't be
talking okay they can't see Bevis they
see a double chin oh gee
so there were seven puppies total at the
house and the one that we liked the best
was Ashley she's smallest one and he
also had like a white
and he was a boy which we need to we all
know algebra so after we left we were
talking about it in the car and we were
discussing how it's probably not the
best time right now to have a dog even
though we really love him but I think
it's best as we probably just like wait
a couple of months until we move into
our new place we definitely want a puppy
it may not be now we want one like right
now
Elle wants one right now she's obsessive
puppies so we're going to do our best to
keep looking to make sure you get that
right one especially for our family we
really like the dog we saw today like a
lot like if we were living in a house we
would buy him right now and to be honest
we don't even know what doll you want
like there's so many dogs out there so
when it comes down to actually picking a
dog it's going to be very hard so before
we continue with this video I want to
give a huge shout out to seek for
helping me find tickets for Catherine's
birthday her birthday is coming up
August 24th and I have some special
tickets into the concert maybe is it
like I can't give it away
is it a singer I listen to every day no
I'm not gonna give it away not going to
get away but shout out to you see geek
for helping me find tickets for my queen
so I made Ellen Catherine go in the room
so I don't give away the gift that I got
her while talking to you guys so I'm
working with seat geek not only to get a
gift from my queen but also to help you
guys out my ace family members so but
also don't know what seat geek is he
gives a ticket app that puts all the
tickets in one place to make science so
easy you can literally look at the app
finding your vintage you're interested
in look at the price for all the seats
at the events you get the best deal
possible phone working with them I got
you guys a twenty dollar promo code
which is right here because you guys are
part of a family and I love you guys and
I'll also put the link in the
description so you guys can download
that all right now let me show you guys
how to use it real quick alright so
here's the app right here you obviously
have to create a login like I did right
here make sure you put your location
which mine is Los Angeles and then let's
say you clicked on an event let's do
let's go to popular events and we'll
click on click Lamar so as you can see
it shows you all the seats at the event
you're interested in so say you want to
sit close it shows you the pricing for
that exact seat
say that's too expensive you want to sit
a little further away it shows you the
price and then down here if you click on
close it'll show you good deals with all
the fees they include so let's just say
you're a picky person and you must see
someone you're obsessed with go down to
the bottom where it says tracking click
on tracking and it will show you
everyone that you're able to see but
farrotto
how dope is that see geek is the plug
now go download the link in the
description and go watch your favorite
performer how does anybody know what
event I got Katherine for a birthday if
you think you know comment below but
don't tell them well allow that so some
of you may know something you may not
know but I am addicted to candy and I am
shocked that we have not done this
challenge earlier so today we will be
doing the warhead challenge but also do
not know what warheads are warheads are
supposedly one of the world's powers so
we're just going to get right into it
contestant number one please step up so
close your eyes and pick out a flavor
whatever flavor you choose that's the
flavor you'll be tasting cool what her
that is itself yes lemon is a solid
contestant number two Oh
oh my God look at it looks our oh okay
that negative yes contestant number
three please pick out a candy
oh you got blue okay blue let me open
that for you
here we go good mimic okay give me the
wrong contestant number four my birthday
okay
I like blue hey open your food guys that
candy was sour ich habe love candies
Ella smorc she was not going to have any
it's like really really sour and then
after like about a minute it starts to
die down and then it's on flowers they
like makes my tongue
yeah me too kind of weird it feels like
there's like fire yeah make sure you
guys stay tuned for our upcoming
giveaway we have some items that we
really love so we're really excited to
share that with you guys before we
pulled off this video we do have to give
our notification shoutout to who better
so today's shout-out goes to Mariana
team on tone so the reason why we picked
her is because someone was talking very
negative in our comments and she had our
back so she's definitely an a stemming
member so shout out to you girl thank
you so much for having our pull from the
cages turned on whoever else is like a
closed notification shadow all you got
to do is obviously subscribe turn on our
post notifications and then comment when
and all of you guys you like this video
give it a thumbs up like comment share
and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful Queen Oh a sec we'll be back
with more videos
P
