someone told me they don't exist in my
life today hey welcome back to town guys
what's going on everybody today we will
be doing an updated Q & A for those who
don't know today marks our one-year
anniversary on YouTube so if you've been
here since day one you know that our
very first video at this time last year
was a Q&A video so it was only right to
do a Q&A today so I asked you guys that
our data asked us questions that you
guys really want to know so what I did
was I took screenshots of all of the
best questions and so I have all the
screenshots here so I'm going to be just
saying them one by one and then we'll be
answering them as we go question number
one the region Bari said well you guys
have a knee injury anytime soon we're
actually in the works of putting
together memory at the moment um we're
really excited about that obviously it's
an LA excuse me obviously it's here in
LA but for those people who obviously
can't make it we are planning a very
special tour very soon Leah s CP said
have you ever thought about quitting
YouTube nope never never thought about
it when you wake up happy every day and
you love what you do and you have a
great support system you never think
about quitting this is something that we
love to do we're going to continue doing
it and we have just so much plans ahead
of us
LA so there's that there was never a
thought in our mind that we would quit
Evelynn x3 underscore said why did you
guys and fall of people so why are we
following just each other on like
Instagram okay so this is my reason I'll
explain my reasons I have several
reasons why I only follow Austin and one
of the reasons is because I spent too
much time on certain things on my phone
like different social media awesome
stuff so it helps me kind of just like
spend less time on it because there's
less things on my feet another reason is
because it makes me click on to our fans
pages more often so when I see their
comments and stuff I click on our pages
their pages to like their pictures and
stuff it's more so it's more personal
for me
who else do I need to be following I
think you're good favor my friends and
family know just because I'm not
following you doesn't make us not
friends anymore or not family anymore
they should know this is my quick don't
take person Ã§b makeup underscore asked
when you gave birth to oh did you have
an epidural or no epidural
I did have an epidural I needed one
because I was in a lot of pain awesome
numb
yeah tell Jamie probably the scariest
thing about the pregnancy like it wasn't
her delivering the baby it was like
giving the epidural yeah who's like
because they made him get out of the
room so when a doctor came in he was
like you need to leave and Austin was
with me throughout the entire step of
the way so when he made him leave that
was kind of scary because it was and
then when I got back into the room she
was like knocked out like yeah I like in
a breeze she couldn't breathe her eyes
were half way shut it was stressful you
know was kind of a you know this was 14
months ago tomorrow yeah it's already
going to be 14 lines and so crazy we
talked about it like it was yesterday
Victoria Ortiz 823 asked how do you guys
always stay so positive I got this woman
okay I enjoy talking about this stuff
because I get asked this question all
the time
a lot of people forget that there's
other people in the world they're less
fortunate than you are than we are and
being able to wake up every day with a
roof over our head being able to sleep
in a bed being able to be healthy
is a blessing and I think the biggest
key is I think if you're able to have
appreciation for what you have
you'll receive so much more for example
you guys know I love her to death I try
to show my appreciation each and every
day for her which means that our
relationship will be that much stronger
and then going back to being so positive
I think being able to find that good in
everything no matter what is definitely
keep I am Alyssa e asked what is one
thing that you want L to learn from the
both of you as she grows into an adult
what is the question yeah that's a
really good question so one thing that I
want her to learn from the both of us
I think it's
um something that we both have grown
into ourselves and learned as we grew
older and that's confidence I think that
her being you know part of us and our
dynamic and her family I think that
she's going to have a lot of confidence
and I feel like I had a lot of
confidence and I was really really young
and then you know the older you get the
more you start to lose your confidence
and that's something that I'm going to
make sure that she never loses my
confidence how would things be and for
me you guys should know I'm going to say
the biggest thing for me is that I want
her to be able to be herself yeah do
whatever she wants to do I want her to
be able to not care what other people
think
because at the end of the day people are
going to judge we're going to hate
regardless of what you do just live life
and be happy just just like we do
Leslie underscore and tuna ice are you
going to teach Elle Spanish so yes I'm
trying the best that I can to speak
Spanish to her every single day social
alarm yeah you're still trying to learn
but it would be ideal if she was
bilingual I would love for her to be
trilingual like I am but I think if she
just knows Spanish that would be great
Jackie underscore g11 asked how old were
you when you guys got pregnant I just
turned 23 and I just had turned 25 VL
tiana asked where do you guys see
yourselves in the future good question I
obviously see us continuing this YouTube
journey with you all I definitely see us
traveling a lot a lot a lot I see
ourselves married having one or two more
kids ICS um you know going into
different business ventures I think the
biggest thing that we'll be doing is
still helping others and trying our best
to make the world a better place
I see it's making a really big impact on
the world in general and just like doing
just so much so many things going
overseas helping people you doing
charities doing different things using
our platforms to do so I think that's
like the biggest key is that we're
growing our platform right now so that
in the future we can do big big things
so close yeah yeah
of them building our platform to be able
to help others yeah we started from the
bottom literally we just like started
and then we just started to grow our
platform and the way that we do best in
a way that we knew that would influence
people and make people laugh and
entertain people and keep this little
problem yeah that's what we're doing but
ultimately the goal is to continue doing
that and so that in the future we can
just do bigger things that things that
we couldn't even do before things we
can't even really do now so that's the
goal do that in the future underscore
dot reina underscore or dot underscore
sorry so when are you guys going to get
a dog and what breed so I don't think
that we have a breed in particular in
mind
but I'm thinking we should get a dog for
else second birthday yeah she loves
puppies yeah she love puppies so I think
the biggest thing for us right now is we
definitely want a backyard we don't have
a backyard right now so that's something
that we feel like we would need for our
dog and then another thing is since we
are going to traveling and just being so
busy and on the go
we want the dog to be able to have like
a lot of room and we definitely want
like someone coming in and watching our
dog which is not in a situation right
now to have one but we definitely want
what KC dot Lindy asked what is
something that you love about each other
I go oh no I what I love about Austin is
that he wakes up happy every single
morning like he literally just wakes up
happy and that's something that I think
changes like my perspective and my mood
for the day and I think that since it
literally I mean we wake up next to each
other every day I think that that's
influenced me and just like our
relationship and how I go about things
and working together obviously we spend
so much time together so I think that
that's like my biggest thing that I love
on him is that he's always happy and
he's such a good father
make me cry
are you really crying no not this video
be way too long for YouTube if I
explained my reasons again this is such
a hard question for me because I can be
talking to you guys forever but I think
what I love most I love most about
Catherine is that she's the best mother
in the entire world like she will do any
and everything for Elle this one right
here has not slept in the last 14 months
at a whole she's literally anything that
else wants a need she'll do it it's hard
we talk about stuff like this because I
am an emotional guy and you guys already
know that if you could but now you guys
do know that whenever I talk about
sentimental stuff like it just come at
me and then when I see him crying I
crying yeah damn but no literally like I
know I'm not the perfect father but she
does everything she can which allows me
to be close to a perfect father if that
makes sense
and at the same time being a great
mother that she is and being a great
girlfriend that she is she doesn't ask
for anything in return underscore
annalisa underscore said what is your
favorite thing about being a mom
Catherine and what is your favorite
thing about being a father often there's
so many things that I could say I love
being a mom but I think one of my
favorite things is just waking up next
to my baby and just seeing her happy
wheels face seeing her big eyes and
that's just like dozens give me purpose
I feel and that's just one of my
favorite things about being a mom and
another thing too is I'm never alone
literally like I can go to the bathroom
I can take a shower she's staring at me
like while taking a shower this is what
going in the bathroom with me and I'm
going to take a pass to like so long
she's just thinking the toilet paper out
you know just it's just so annoying
it is so amazing at once it's like it's
just an amazing feeling to be a parent
you know it's I feel like a lot of
people think that once you become a
parent your life is over it's really not
it was great it's the beginning it's
like a new chapter of life literally
it's like you're seeing things like
again for the first time you know it's
just an amazing feeling it's just like
you can go outside and pick up a leaf
and just look at it and just stare at
like every little thing about the leaf
and and just see how L sees it and it's
just like such an amazing feeling to see
the world like that for me I've always
loved kids so to be able to have my own
the dream come true at the same time I'm
already a kid at heart and now that I
have my home little lunch you're going
to keep me a kid forever and we keep
each other like children like really we
stick the craziest things and like that
they said sorry to put you off and like
Catherine said I hate to be alone
before I met Catherine I hate to be
alone yeah I mean I'd Oliver never left
or not literally since day one we've
been together like attached by the hip
and now that we have we having a little
one it's the best thing in the world if
you guys don't have you know a
significant other you guys don't have a
family just wait until you have that
like you're going to feel so happy and
trust me it's going to happen for you so
don't think that it's not it is and once
you do you're going to have a new
meaning for life which is a lot going to
change in life and I think another thing
is that in life it is hard for people to
find motivation in whatever it is
they're trying to accomplish whether
it's a goal or motivate them to be a
better person or whatever the case is
but I am so blessed to be next to my
motivation every day well my daughter is
what motivates me every day so it's like
motivation times a million yeah it's
like an undescribable feeling it's like
you're motivated but it's like on
another
motivated and we want her to be able to
live the best life that she can possibly
live J dot Rodriguez as how much has
your lives change over this year of
doing YouTube I think it's hard to
explain for us in particularly because
in the course of the year that we
started YouTube was also the beginning
of our next chapter where L was born so
when we started YouTube L was about
three months and so our lives have
changed anyways you know I'm saying like
it was already all together so like it's
just it's hard to explain because we
didn't have our lives before YouTube
wasn't the same anyways so it's kind of
a little difficult to explain but I feel
like as far as like our lives changing
because of YouTube and the court under
passes on you know in the year um I feel
like I feel like it's just so natural
like this whole us sharing our life
story in front of you guys it's just so
natural for us because without the
camera this is who we are
yeah and I feel like we go day by day
without realizing what we're doing
almost yeah it's like we don't realize
that we're putting so much out there
because we're just doing it without even
thinking of doing what we like to do I
feel like we're she's we're here to do
this for a purpose and another question
that I remembered that there was also
and I kind of want to tie this in with
that one is someone asked what would you
do if you didn't do YouTube and it's
crazy because there is no what what we
would have done you know well the thing
is if if you wanted mask you know we
didn't do YouTube our lives would have
been the exact same just without a
camera oh if we weren't doing YouTube
for the past year we didn't actually do
YouTube for this past year we would do
YouTube eventually so what I'm trying to
say is probably you know hypothetically
speaking Austin would have played
basketball
maybe overseas okay we would have been
overseas he would had a great year you
know I would have probably
been really into my fitness like fitness
career probably would have started my
fitness clothing line that I was already
starting before I even got pregnant you
know I would have been in fitness
enthusiasm person I was you know done
that kind of thing but then ultimately
we would have ended up doing YouTube
anyways so it was kind of like we were
destined to do YouTube because we were
already showing so much of our lives and
it's just it's just what it's great
because because we could have been on
YouTube a lot sooner but it almost
happened
at the time it did for a reason yeah no
I definitely did it wouldn't have been
the same effect if we had turn it to
right like you guys didn't get to
experience L being born and we want it
all the time right you guys did not see
anyway and that's like one of the
biggest things on YouTube itself one of
the biggest things in life period and we
want to have another one so for you guys
field experience that moment it's going
to be huge for us all right that's
enough
next question Nessa Ramirez asked when
are you guys getting a new house and why
something that is in the works right now
as we talk to you guys we're actually in
the process right now of laying out our
options
so who knows tomorrow we can be in our
new home mm-hmm all right I'll be in a
couple of months right so stay tuned for
that Garcia and dot underscore asked
what is your main goal in your life or
what is your main goal I think our main
goal in our life is to be able to
inspire help others and I think I'm
sorry to cut you off but I feel like
people when they hear and say I feel
like they say because we're not as those
true or corny or something I don't know
what you guys think and some of them you
know are thinking of action literally we
have everything that we want
we currently presently have everything
that we want were happy we're healthy we
have a great we don't have our family we
have great people in our lives
ultimately the goal is to help other
people to inspire other people those
guys when you have everything what
fulfills you like think about it
to fulfill you and that's literally that
is the answer is what can we do to help
other people and and this might sound
crazy but when I see your guys's tweets
and your messages and you're you know
showing me you know you're in them
you're in the hospital you're on a
surgery but you're on you're at school
you know you different there's so many
different situations that you guys are
in right now and you know you guys are
telling us that we're inspiring you and
we're just like we we're ready to just
do so much more there's just so much
more you don't understand how happy that
makes us we understand that we are
making you guys happy but in reality you
guys are making us happy just us being
able to make you laugh is our job like
that's what we love to do and the fact
that you guys like it so much that
you're referring us to your friends yeah
other family mmm you guys putting other
people on to us
it's a blessing it really is like I get
so inspired by that I get so happy like
like yes that's why I do it you know all
those other negative things there's not
going to comment that people say those
things don't matter because you guys are
just so much more greater than but you
got to know whenever someone comments
something negative or have something
negative to say about us you guys have
our backs
110 person well there's two more
questions last okay so second to last
question score Chanel Julia underscore
said if you had a chance to do over in
life what would you do different or
change I wouldn't do anything different
not one thing every single thing that
I've been through in my life I would not
change it it doesn't matter how bad or
how good I feel like I wouldn't be
sitting here right now if it wasn't for
all of those things so I wouldn't change
a thing not a damn thing
and our last question last question of
the day it holds the dot Nikita said
will you change your youtube name if you
have another child and this is a
question that we get so often I feel and
we have to respond so let's just put it
this way
we wouldn't change the name but
something else will be added something
else will be added in that Lori and I
make sense are a family well I hope you
enjoyed that updated Q&A we had fun hope
you had fun so before we close out
today's video we do have to give our
post no vacation shout out to who may be
and that personification shout out today
goes to princess Skyler so shout out to
you shows you girl thank you so much
being said she's been here since day one
have you nightly had a reach out to you
girl thank you so much Cheyenne we're
having our postal notifications turned
on and whoever else would like a postman
vacations out out you actually already
know what to do
obviously subscribe to our channel turn
on our postal vacations and comment link
just like me and my beautiful beautiful
absolutely beautiful
quaint always sex that's it more videos
see
