someone told me numbers only download
they don't exist in my life today
Tom Hayes family will collector general
so as you guys can see it's really early
in the morning and I'm ready to go to
the doctor's because I'm doctor's
appointment this morning and Austin is
still sleeping so if you take the
opportunity to prank him win
I couldn't find this it took me about
the two minutes to fry this I think
often actually hid it from me directly
but obviously it's not first I'm going
to be using it on him today if you guys
haven't seen one of our most recent
videos is actually is like a pain like a
pain simulator
shocker and what I decided to do with
since he's literally in the most perfect
position right now I'm going to put this
onto the bike and hopefully we get a
good reaction out of him I'm going to do
right now is I'm going to go get the
tripod and put it in a good location so
you guys can see and hopefully I can get
happened with this so I'm going to start
at like level 1 of power intensity and
then I'll probably go to like 3 and
it'll end up dead so hopefully he wakes
up from
anything I was gonna find it didn't you
know I didn't
oh that's well it broke my finger and I
got a bruise on one foot
I see oh it is gonna read yeah I do I
was trying to hide it's like a break you
are you very little oh okay oh you do so
good why do you feel the first time we
mean like when I put out one you feel it
or didn't you feel it that hurt so bad
you don't understand I thought we were
going to never use it again
well you said you're going to prank me
with that and I use it I should my hurt
more than tattoos and the AC I'm with
knew about this all along they requested
it that's why I did it I'm mad at you
guys for that
guys the reason why I even did this
trial is because you guys requested it
literally this little role I have to go
so when I wouldn't wait for my
appointment time is it have like 20
minutes to get there what time is it
yeah why are you all so early what the
hell can I have to go now well hey they
probably won't boil so good well can we
look at my book it was really I have to
go fast across the video so if you get
so if you guys like this video obviously
give it a thumbs up like comment share
and subscribe and like me and my Queen
always say will be held on your eyes out
of here take them with you - I'm at they
examine take take them with you
