someone told me number solar things
don't exist in my life today
what's wrong with you
well Corolla
they were thinking who are you thinking
who are you thinking oh look look look
look at you you said all hail Don yes
you hey MA
welcome back to our channel guys what's
going on buddy what in fact you haven't
seen the huge teddy bear prank that I
pulled on my little princess you should
go check it out it's one of our recent
videos and a lot of you have requested
that we bring Theodore back for more
pranks so what Catherine and I thought
was Justin's Al's great-grandmother
watch with her a couple of times out of
the week sometimes we figured that maybe
maybe try to pull that prank on her with
the teddy bear because she actually
doesn't really watch her videos is yummy
she look she is not into social media
whatsoever he's only seen a few of our
videos so hopefully she hasn't seen our
most recent one so we can pull this one
off
and another thing too is that teddy bear
is always an alum and it's been sitting
there for a while now we've been
bringing it in and out of the room this
past like two three weeks and she sleeps
in that room so I think that it'll work
just because she would never imagine
that I would be moving all I got to say
is if you're a part of our family
nobody's safe so of course grandma got
to get pranked but make sure you stay
tuned for that
oh oh wait you're gonna show the a
family where we got the other day go
Sean can you go home let's go Sean come
on let's go Sean come on this goes like
why don't we go let's go let's go go
Sean hmm
Radio mommy's turn mommy's turn you
ready monitor obviously loves eggs I'm
not going to lie guys were obsessed with
these as you can see they are called
love sacks
huge ass bean bags as you can see one
for the king and one for the Queen and
Princess where's yours princess huh
where's your being back
I think her being bagus in her room as
you can see the size is much different
that little there's a little as beanbag
where you get this big bathroom huh
look bit a little as beanbags wait you
know we should do we should stack both
the beanbags yeah and jump on it oh okay
honey
whoo oh it looks so crazy some of the
tall as you are
all right watch out with L please you
know a lively come here mama oh my gosh
he just broke your toe yesterday and I'm
going to break your hip oh that's why it
works why it was hanging off the end
already we're gonna make sure it's
balanced
Oh your terminus kinematics let's get it
beautiful and athletic whoa there you go
thank you
high five a stamina know you guys can be
asking where we got them so I'm going to
do is put the link in our description
just for you guys we're so in love with
Eva I think that when we move into our
next house we're going to get like a
whole bunch of them and put them all
over our house like in every single room
because we love them so much but what
are you guys doing I can already tell
you're going to do something crazy
Oh lively to get back on mama yawns oh
oh oh there you go
get down hey yay
hope it's what I think it is come on
that's all good yeah pretty same Emma
what is it
no you understand I didn't wanted to add
your custom shoes for so long see what
we had here are yours
Missy oh man
evading aid that's so cool on to the
next shoe and what would you guys come
to Venice hmm oh yes the red ones we
actually thought picture these the other
day when the guy sent it to us so
they're really expecting these ones all
right next day oh that's a really cool
let me see the back is another pair
shall we oh these are fire let me see oh
yeah those are really cool although
they're like my white ones there by here
we got matching yeah those are really
cool you guys can tell Austin is
obsessed with vans shoes okay and I'm
obsessive adidas oh no he didn't he
could be always a supreme really does
that cool a brother's abilities for me
you know what he loved the let me see oh
my god that's so cool and it's yellow
and the inside that's a home I got a
pair of these hey really nice did it
make any shoe sing when I have to wear
those ones today
Oh Lissie the Louis V joints guess
what's inside
yeah look baby knows they got a pair too
Oh either for you better than my baby
you know where's this eagle
she's so appreciated look at her oh oh
that's a Mickey Mouse's
cuckoo expired all I gotta say is we
don't need any more man
now Rizzo oh yes so they're the ones I
really want to imagine me oh look oh my
- ooh a baby shoe inside Oh another one
mama love me see princess look all these
are really cute
tennis I got more shoes yeah you got
more shoes well you got another one
really thank you see thank you thank you
mama they're dope
please bless this crazy Oh for you
Minnie Mouse for you
Minnie Mouse me take you back how cute
laughs there Oh hope your entire hey oh
yes
we got naturally
really I wouldn't think that that would
be one of your favorite just clean
without all of them hey so which one
should I wear with this outfit right her
yeah you're right princess I think I
should wear the babes oh yeah these are
fire come on pineapple socks a who's
that who's that you got me something
well this is some lotion some face wash
some soap a new toothbrush new shaver
what is it you wanted something and you
didn't get it so I wanted to get you
something close check what I'm trying to
fill it the hell is that
coconut cream oh you should have you
like it
dovabear thank you okay let me try it
don't feel from Daddy hey that's mine
let me see that to my yeah mommy got
that for me else probably should be no
mind to have it every night
that's mine imagine my shoes yeah I'll
be honest I'm a sneaker head and shoes
make me happy to shout small boy junior
hooking up me and my family wasn't dope
customized van as you can see he's
talented as hell you can do any type of
design you want imma show you guys an
Instagram real quick of course I got to
plug my ace family members and plug him
as well so here's his Instagram major
waves here goes all his sneakers
so hit them up and tell them the ace
family sent you
don't don't tell mommy I'm giving you
chocolate is family Catherine's mother
will sleep right now
Elle has been feeding still so Catherine
hasn't got any sleep so she's trying to
take a nap right now
so L and I are about to go to the mall
don't ya
look at them all so I'm not about to go
to the mall and Catherine's been dating
some travel luggage so I are going to
spar
these look like complete so Al and I are
gonna surprise Katherine with this new
Luigi bag that's you'd be the money for
a while
chocolate you want chocolate that's why
get her to listen charlie
I know I'm not the only parent mm-hmm
chopped up twice a big one I don't know
this let go mmm tell you it you know
hopefully you have to back the Catholics
and one regular supply of money you
raise a surprise money
coughs coughs coughs sweet what is it
you like
and you got some frog feet yeah oh yeah
these are cute honey
I'm telling you
Oh
Christa's look it's the fact that mommy
wants look you like it you like it
beginning I think we should get it I
think it's cute
maybe soon we'll do a giveaway with one
of you this is like the perfect size oh
yeah it's great now full and I was only
that's really cool you get this good for
mommy but I will just say for me okay
hold this gift for mommy okay you got
you're gonna hold it okay you hold it
okay you got it
all right you hold it
you all know we had to make one stuff a
lot we had to make a second stop
princess you mean all daddies fries huh
daddy going to have no more left you
want the Jamba Juice - this girl can be
eat
you ready to go home and surprise mommy
okay let's go you ready to open and give
it to mommy
ready okay come on let's go are you
ready you got it I need your help
can you help me okay just stand here why
are we got in here I'm gonna teach you
to fly you're pulling a mommy thank you
thank you sorry
good job a man scope oh no mommy
so mommy mommy come on focus the blinds
one of the blinds mommy look what
princess got you show her show her can
she see it she she walked it all in here
you like it Oh tell mommy who got that
for her uh-huh give mommy kiss give
mommy kiss oh that's the one you've been
wanting forever and you need one of
those oh yeah that's nice yes I was
thinking why don't we do a giveaway with
one of these
alveta Lee hailey we think about that
and we comment below if you think that
in your mouth you comment below if you
think we should do a giveaway I was
already back I was already planning out
doing that you were yo we got to do that
that's so really all I know that people
better be showing love because they not
showin love you know I feel like girls
are smart how about we do one duffel bag
and linen pairs
how will we do it we'll do one for a
girl and one for a guy I guess they're a
family stayed cool up Elkins in there
put element back put down there I think
I'll pick where Louie shoes whoa
there you go don't break it now I know
right come on that's a big girl that's
oh you did it hey family
we're exhausted so tired thank you to
everyone who tuned in as always can't
thank you guys enough we appreciate you
guys more than you think before we close
out this video we do have to give our
notification shout out today - who days
notification shout out goes to Samantha
McLean and she says done I've been done
from day one lucky guy a job to you
Samantha she's a real one shout to you
girl thank you so much for having our
post notifications turned on over else
like a post on vacations shelled out you
guys should already know to do just turn
on our post on vacations and come
Amba bez over here currently
breastfeeding she's having her nightly
milk it's kind of lateness
we just had cookies now she's tricky mom
I was gonna say that earlier I was like
is she gonna have them no good obviously
guys you like this video give it a
thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
queen and my beautiful princess always
say I'll be back with more videos P
