someone told me number so dumb movies
don't exist in my life today oh ah ah
just um I talked out almost broke my
foot two seconds into this prank
hey Spencer
you're not going to say a Theodore so
today I will be filming a prank with my
boy Theodore so back when Kathryn I
first started you - I was seeing these
huge teddy bears these 93 inch teddy
bears all over social media so I just
crazy ideas i incited huge teddy bear
and somehow prank Catherine it'll be
epic and I've never seen anybody do it
before so I was like I have to do it so
I did it it went perfect ended up on
viral thanks to everyone part of the egg
sale so if you haven't seen it you
should go check it out one of our very
first videos over all the other
youtubers out there that tried to use
the huge teddy bear in the video and
didn't give the ace family any credit I
just want to thank you guys - that you
guys are ruining be peace no not really
so today I figured I'd bring Taylor back
just like you guys requested well this
time instead of pranking my queen I will
be pranking my princess my one-year-old
daughter so this is how I was going down
Ellen Catherine in the other room
getting ready for the day and whenever
Catherine gets ready ljus ready Elle's
like a little minion Catherine put
makeup on and elves over here acting
like she's put makeup on literally
Ella's Catherine's point at the same
time elbows back and forth playing with
me so once I'm done setting him up I'm
going to place him in the living room by
the way Catherine's in on this so
Catherine is going to try to do our best
to get into the living room to look for
me to play with me and Matt when I'll
prank here I'll probably move a little
bit and I'm sure if I should get up and
actually scared because that's the
little Miko who's ready if you're ready
like the video and I guess leave a
comment below so now the sad part I have
to cut the door open
I promise New York I'll get you back
the bed baby give me the cash is there a
host now who is it man
oh
it is hot as hell in there and so hard
to breathe hey Stanley you guys see any
leftover cotton anywhere that it makes
there's no evidence all right I think
we're good to go
now we just gotta get princess Ella
coming out the woman in his brand car
you
did you got old sweat in there but it
was a success Oh smart babe I got you
babe
he knew huh your noodle applauding you
knew she came back in the room she was
like looking at me and she was like
something's wrong with the bear and
we're daddy and so when it came out I
picked her up and she realized that you
were in there she gave me a good smart
smart attention more baby look look
today thing I got you know now who's
ever pranked or one-year-old daughter me
daddy you want to get in the bear huh
I know able to stitch up my bear mine it
was yes I'm gonna put detour back
together a promise you want to get in
the beer mm-hmm today right i'ma get
inside the bear and give you a hug okay
here for the mommy on the end of there
and surprise you're not like frightened
for list you know daddy be playing too
much huh is that why you keep seeing
this very do crazy things and she was
like three months old give me hug get on
your leg right here right there right
there oh she wants to a lively what you
have to say about the situation what do
you say bit well she wants to prank
daddy chooses hey you can't you bought
the preg daddy's you careful with it now
that what you have to say thank you for
everyone who tuned in as always I hope
everyone enjoyed that little prank
literally little prank and maybe you'll
be seeing more theater in our videos
look at elf vlogging her experience
right now my daddy just pranked me and
I'm going to get them back what what was
here okay you had a hold it up my mom
taught you good job good job and a good
job proud of you so before we close this
video we do have to give our
notification shout-out today to hoob
event so today's notification child goes
to Rufina Lopes and you said done I
watched you guys since day one a shout
to you bro thank you so much thank you
so much for having our post on vacation
turned on whoever else like a post on
vacation shout out all you have to do is
obviously subscribe turn on our pulse on
vacations and comment win obviously if
you like this video you got to give it a
thumbs up like share comment and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
princess and my beautiful Queen always
say back with more videos P
