someone's over some things don't exist
in real life these days
hey babe welcome back your channel guys
what's going on everybody today we're
going to be doing a labor pain simulator
challenge video as you guys all know
often watch my labor for the very first
time a couple of weeks ago on camera
obviously he was there while I'm giving
birth but he didn't actually see
everything happen so that was the first
time that he actually saw me
you know actually giving birth and
seeing everything come out so now since
you've seen the video I kind of want him
to experience a little bit of the pain
that I experienced while I was giving
birth and obviously it's not anywhere
near the same pain but I wanted to at
least kind of get the gist of how I felt
during my labor we got this idea from
our brother his channel is this is L&S
so shout to you little bro so this is
how it's going to work awesome gonna lay
down that I'm going to put these four
electric pads on his stomach okay you
misunderstood Emily oh wow okay so I'm
going to put these positive stomach and
then there's different levels of pain it
starts from one to ten so I'm not going
to go all the way to first thing I'm
just going to slowly get into it
you're not going to attain at all feel
what I saw he get ready I don't want it
I did not agree to his challenge Hank
I'm not ready what not ready
don't take them up hahaha what is called
Oh Austin is such a drama queen
okay God okay what I'm going to do it
that way I hadn't even started yet
alright so usually how I've seen this
challenge on YouTube is the first ten or
you know the girlfriend of the partner
whoever is in charge of the pain
simulator ask the person questions and
then they have to respond and if they
get them wrong then they shot them with
the pain simulator but in this case I
just switched it up all in Austin and he
really has no saying cause you learn
many bucks here no you just have to do
that thing anyway but you have to do
nice day wait okay wait you have to do
what I say wait and if you don't do it
under shocking horror and I'm going to
put it up to fun no we're not doing ten
yes we are not doing if you don't do
what I say we're not doing - if you do
what I say I just gave birth to your
daughter okay and I remember like in the
western end of it I understand and you
want another one and you want another
one
listen I understand and I love you for
what you went through but I don't have
to go to that I'm only doing this for
the a family the only ones are you doing
this for me okay
okay call me daddy would call me guy
not called you good call me you know dad
I'm Danny okay
Oh your dad oh okay okay
that should fucking abhart no seriously
then LD be dis on camera I swear he'll
take us wherever you do so camera
and those are my bones hello differences
you better never ever do that again I
was ten I know it wasn't to turn off
turn it off you supposed to know what
you're doing first before we do this
channel - oh my god is red oh all right
oh my god I think I got on the control
know anyone who do yo do not do that
again all right
who's always right in the relationship
you know that question mm no not right
no not you know right in there hello
okay okay if you come on turn it off
already doing bitch oh sorry what'd you
think
okay so now what I have planned for you
in the very moment
yo nasty ass you better not so better
not right you have to do lipstick on
what yes I'm not putting on lipstick oh
okay what you say love the lipstick just
a little bit I'm not gonna be shocked I
bet you have two different lipstick on
oh my gosh a little bit we're gonna take
this one on you don't do it no I don't
want that on I don't want to put it on
all right well no no no no no no next
next clip no you have to say lipstick on
as part of the challenge
I'm not putting lipstick on my lips
okay no no no go to one for one little
one okay wait wait sorry often I'll try
it all oh you know how you hate to man
not you need to read and trying to get
awesome eat tomatoes and London food for
the longest time and then both two very
good things for you and you won't eat
any of it on everything I love I am NOT
eating tomatoes
yes don't do that to me here either it
is tomato juice eat this tomato or I'm
shopping I'm calling the cops on you you
want a revolution here
no no I'll rather okay again little
better I don't want to eat this is so
nasty
yeah I'm not eating this well when you
already saw I would never participate oh
you'll never hear tomato okay stop stop
stop stop stop stop stop
don't do that Oh got lipstick all over
my pillow
Oh God let's do up you understand oh
yeah he didn't even eat it sure too bad
what the hell is the point I could be
busy victim please are giving me a
lipstick almost done we're going to
glide it on hello
oh shit there's a little Hospital
alright so last one turn I'm not doing
it on turn around
two women really watching come on boy
oh my ass you better be doing everything
that I say after this video okay you
heard that she said okay just one didn't
whine I'm so violated it
no shoulder my butt cheek now okay so
nothing's enough that's enough that's
enough that's enough
fat off oh you look good
all right it was nice working with you
darling that's not funny that's what
actually really hurt by bad her horses
let me tell them that is red they know
it's way and then I get no lovin for the
rest of the week I think often forgotten
yes to God I really do
fellas out there if your woman trying to
get you to do this just say no just run
away and take home this has to be
probably one of the most painful
challenges probably are one of the most
a system I think it was so I guess I now
know what Catherine kind of went through
times during her like that time it just
kind of because this this was pretty
intense local body I you know the pain
that women are going through and labor
is like equivalent to a hundred and
something bones being cracked at once
that's current so that's nothing
compared to leave it there's no way us
making go through that that's why we say
I give all the credit to women out there
so before we close this video I do have
to give our notification shout out for
the day the today's notification shadow
goes to I nostalgia and she said a lot I
love you a family a shout out to you
shots you girls thank you so much from
an hour pulse notifications turned on
whoever else like impulsive it is a
shout out guy should already know to do
just turn on our pulse in vacations and
comment when obviously if you like this
video give it thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful and like me like I always say
and then you manage you why are you mad
at me and like me and my beautiful queen
you always say we'll be back with more
videos P
