someone told me I was so dumb move down
a kiss to my life hey Tom next check
phones check diapers
wait wait wait that's not enough it's
not enough check IDs
wait where's that this Oh princess check
Queen check me check ace family sure so
I don't know what you guys are doing but
you need to pack up all your get
everything together and get ready to go
but for now we'll put you guys in the
suitcase so you guys can come with us
and we have nothing to worry about
alchemy ll L look the ACM is going to
come with us and we'll put them in here
okay all right bloom in there that works
well can you see them you see them right
okay they're coming with us okay good
good say bye bye say bye good job of it
okay see you later okay hey would you do
to me like a spin
you got me you know me
what do you want I want a caramel
macchiato on ice with soy milk caramel
macchiato on ice is going up there yeah
oh I forgot already
boy I forgot what was it again little is
it i caramel macchiato
soy milk okay let's try this again hey
um do you guys also get complicated
orders whenever you go to Starbucks if
you do comment below your order I'm
curious to know what the hell y'all get
are you can I get a caramel macchiato on
ice with soy milk I'm not the other
night well hopefully I got the right one
and how much you guys want to be a
captain 20 planes cooking game
she's so addictive she even got me a
deeply well you don't what do you do I
didn't burn my patty I told y'all which
he was going to be pointing Catherine
was too busy playing the game we almost
missed our flight
I'm
I love you
all right ace family we just got for a
hotel we finally made it to our
destination we're super tires we're
about to eat and then get some rest way
to be up early in the morning where do
not where's your nose good job are a
family's makes you well then what do you
want run the phone
Oh see she gets mad when I'm just
filming myself she wants to be involved
too so here we go you happy now hey free
also makes you keep watching we will
catch all the mom hey bye
see you tomorrow and we're back are you
ready for today look how beautiful my
princess is today got beautiful show
them showing how beautiful you are
oh don't look so sad it's okay oh my
goodness kisses perceived all hahahaha
oh can we get a family kiss family kiss
mommy yes
Oh smile so before we continue with this
video I would like to say that my queen
looks absolutely beautiful today what do
you think what do you think getting my
mail is beautiful huh beautiful looking
for two princes there you go you stay
want to give them kisses damn girl hey
studly welcome back to our channel guys
what's going on everybody its lucky five
go ahead tell him good
tell him what you're going to say tell
them what you told me yesterday with
that you were going to say to him today
tell them so can anybody guess where
we're going today by the way we're
dressed we flow here to Oregon to attend
my uncle's wedding we had to come out
here and support my uncle and his wife
soon-to-be wife so it's pretty
interesting cuz my uncle is 25 years old
he's my age and my dad has a brother
who's 25 so it's pretty interesting but
I'm super excited
we're also we're excited because this is
our first family wedding as family the
next time we'll see we'll be at the
wedding you guys ready all right let's
get out one two three and we're here
I try to film as I can what happening
lion-o so who gives this woman to be
married to this man
I take you Amelia to be my wife these
things I promise to you and these things
are promised to you be faithful to you
and honesty you will be faithful to you
about us to to your glorying to the
honor of your name that you've created
marriage and we ask that you would be
glorified in theirs just be written
continue give them their strength by
your spirit we pray amen take your time
dolly you go to me now for the best part
of every wedding hopefully I got what we
wanted
let's see if I got it right see or she
says that go there you go thank you Dad
please hey princess you like that
chicken huh that's that part black and
you girl see you oh hell no now you're
really looking like somebody on to you
graduation one man was I feel like what
does it feel like to be a married man I
feel rich yes yeah I know what to look
for to a beggar if the gang is headed to
the smore imagine if we had all girls
check it out
connection orders mother laga it's been
a long day my girls ready to go home I
appreciate everyone supporting my uncle
with his marriage today I guess I'm next
well like well I guess I'm next
ah hey guys what do you want of it okay
the what okay hat looking like somebody
on t hat yeah
I'll avoid somebody on T now I do
alright guys well thank you so much for
tuning in today super exhausted when I
catch a flight back to LA early in the
morning shout-out to my Uncle Jimmy
forget married today leave me and mommy
alone tonight
hey you don't look ah because she hates
oh god can never get mommy no type of
lemon and a family don't forget we got
some t-shirts coming up for y'all in a
few days it makes you stay tunes it
before we close up live it can I close
this video out thank you
so before we close out this video we do
have to give a notification shadow today
to who
who's our notification shadow person
today Oh Oh iris yeah iris iris ooh ah
Iowa sill
no Cyrus it's um Kenny blinken so our
post on vacation shadow person goes to
Kenny blinkin shout-out to you bro thank
you so much for having our pulse on
vacation turned on whoever else like a
pulse on vacation shout out what I have
to do better what do they have to do to
get a shout out huh look at her mommy
what he have to do all you have to do is
comment when done ya know they have the
first term on our post on vacations and
then comment when and obviously guys you
like this video got to give it thumbs up
l else get a thumbs up now listen tell
me get thumbs up not finger up thumbs up
do a thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
person is always safe and my beautiful
Queen always say we're gonna be back for
more videos peace bye
peace
