someone told me come look don't exist in
my life Tuesday time hey Stan that's
where it was impossible for me to say
without Johnny finally the moment you've
all been waiting for
I'm sorry it took so long for me to get
around to this but I figured the longer
I waited the better it's going to be so
today I will be attempting to call my
girlfriend another girl's name in my
sleep
track I hang on live I'm scared ashamed
because if she would have called me
another man's name yahoodi want to know
so we have a photo shoot later today and
Catherine L are trying to get some rest
before we have to go they are actually
sleeping right now in our room but I
know she has to get up soon to start
getting ready so this is what I was
thinking since she is sleep right now
she does not know what I'm doing right
I'm going to act like I've been taking a
nap as well in the living room on the
couch I know as soon as she wakes up
she'll start getting ready and start
looking to see what I'm doing so I'm
hoping she walks out the living room
while I'm still asleep and that's when I
called her another girl's name the one
named Jack called her
it can't be out the norm or she's gonna
know some of the hmm soothly no that's
too weird you know what I'm just leaning
in just whatever complain it that's the
name of an anthology this is all bad
fellas out there please please please
never call your woman another girl's
name
just don't do it but we have to do I
have to print Katherine back from her
pranking me with modern house I'm still
upset about that so today is a bitch
oh wow oh that's white why are they
family come up we'll hide the camera
about to get it poppin
you
Jenny's up
what do you say
often
often
what do you say
wake up
well you doing what do you say
Denny what proof Jenny I'm talking about
who is Jenny Jenny exactly anything who
is that way Jenny one titty who you said
Jenny you're sleeping with a genuine
drink support Jamba Juice they took me
out with drinks what are you talking
about what the hell what we're saying on
her Jenny from Jamba Juice yeah you
don't always go to Jamba Juice she saved
us a meal that's why I said her name I
don't know that doesn't make any sense
why would you say Jenny oh you got water
all in my nose
God man come here oh my ear that better
come here
there's a I've got us come here come
here come here
you said Jimmy every I got you
at me you ready to go yeah we gotta go
your legs pretty naughty girl baby are
you ready good
I had to prank you better it's been way
too long you didn't expect anything
coming did you actually that's how we do
it a family how we do it guys obviously
if you liked this video you got to give
it thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe
fellas never call your woman another
man's name I mean that was never call
your womb in another girl's name don't
do it
get your ass out of here and like me and
my beautiful Queen always say peace
