someone told me never saw
please don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
look this guy high-test your limit
if you like stop in crap most there I
can see I'm sorry see what me breakfast
this morning yeah okay so since faith
rut left us since he had to go home and
we don't have a chef anymore now we're
gonna need you to be the show so you
want to make mommy breakfast this
morning
okay so we need a bowl a bowl for the
eggs eggs right there okay oh sweet you
back all right all right very gentle
with it it can break really easy okay so
you do this look get it like this like
this see you get tap it on here help me
swim you teach you let me teach you to
pull up all right so you tap it tap it
on here like this tap it break it break
it on there break it break it good eat
you too you too strong see ya okay it's
okay okay
you did a good job though you did a good
job stay right there don't move okay
baby you did a really good job you just
we're a little too aggressive
okay get this away from your pants you
you have been really working out ever
since we got the gym you've been working
out a lot yeah show is show
it's okay you did a really good job I'm
proud of you
okay yeah that's okay
I'll do that all right let's try this
again okay so gentle like this see you
see the crack first it open like that
okay that's pretty good I was trying to
give it a shot one more time one more
time you can get it right so barely hit
it on here okay barely what good does he
do now
you just pull it ooh like this pull it
together like this
good job let's do one more
click tap it again so get very good
attack attack attack so now we need a
fork should you stir it
okay I start like this good good stir it
stir it up circle motion
fast fast like this like this like this
stir it up stir it up good good job good
job
those eggs are gonna be delicious there
they good Chuck now we need a pot this
is our pot right here okay I'll be
honest I don't know what I'm doing I'm
just trying you know daddy's just trying
to say that you don't cook well we're
trying we're trying we try
Wow okay so now we need what they
usually put on this like some Pam like
some spray right how can I get some
spray okay do some panel up because
we're do something I'm on this move so
we don't spray it up you know right for
the agent here
what look over there okay well it'll
just left me and I'm now Milan great
guys it looks like we don't even need a
ship y'all ready to see the eggs until
me but before I show you these delicious
eggs if you are new to our channel make
sure you hit that subscribe button to
join the family
oh we got the cheese on top whoa nah but
real dodo me trying to judge our eggs
and just know they good girl okay l
made these by the way did you think what
you guys think delicious you did a good
job
hmm what's going on everybody
okay alright guys now it's time to give
you guys a little update on our
pregnancy so as I mentioned recently in
another vlog I've been obviously like
getting all like the pregnancy symptoms
it's my first trimester so usually the
first trimester happens to be like the
worst especially in my case like it's so
bad
first trimester my last pregnancy was a
lot worse than this one but I am getting
all the nausea the morning sickness
tiredness like I can't stop sleeping
like all of a sudden I'll be like doing
something and then I'll like just shut
down whoa whoa
I'll literally just shut down like I'll
be like doing my hair like trying to
look presentable for the day and then
all of a sudden I just get really really
hot and dizzy and I just have to sit
down just like Choa so that's been
really hard on me obviously some people
are really lucky and they don't get
anything during their pregnancy which is
awesome but for me definitely getting a
lot of symptoms and trying to like work
it out trying to do as much as I can so
yeah I've been really tired like really
really tired I've been having really
weird dreams during the night like I
wake up like sweating and like just like
in a really bad mood like just having
like nightmares I've been breaking out
like my whole chest is like starting to
break out on this side and then my back
luckily not too much on my face but I'm
getting some like on my chin and those
are very like hormonal breakouts I've
been craving steak for some reason I
think that's because my body knows that
I'm low and iron so I've been taking
like iron pills and like my prenatals
and like all this other stuff trying to
like get my body or my hormones kind of
like more you like level down and then
lastly I am officially showing there's
nothing that I can do about it it's
literally just like a bump
so this is me from the front obviously
during my first pregnancy I was not
showing at all until I was like five six
months pregnant so this is pretty early
to be showing through my body tag but it
is my second pregnancy so I'm gonna show
a lot sooner anyways so this is at two
months from the front side we actually
bump it a little bit this man and not to
mention like okay so this is me sucking
in versus just being normal so like me
sucking in oh oh it's just what it is oh
my gosh the baby's beautiful right it's
not
baby I'm just showing really really soon
so
but I'm happy about it I don't care like
I'm so happy to be pregnant so yeah so
this is what the bump looks like do you
see you don't care what the new a family
member is in here baking so yeah you
guys like to see our girls primarily you
guys like to see my pregnancy updates or
just talking about my pregnancy year
bump updates or whatever give this video
a thumbs up or a comment below like what
you want to see you doing it say hi oh
oh you love your sibling oh he's so
sweet he's so sweet
he'll be a big sister
be nice to UM be be nice to the baby in
name it's a baby you gotta be nice as a
baby you gonna be the best big sister
yeah yeah all right guys so now that we
have a personal gym it's time to get a
little workout in and we're not gonna be
the only ones working out my need all my
ace and members to join us Chi it's time
to put that working I'm not sure what
y'all doing right now but whatever you
doing get up put your workout gear on
put some shoes on put them to Rito's to
the side and I'm chocolates and let's
get this workout here alright so as
y'all can see L got her little work
outfit on she got her workout shoes
she's tying mommy's workout shoes you
girls ready all right let's do it
there we go let's go in the gym you
ready all right I say we first start out
with the treadmill okay and then we hit
it with some dumbbells and then we
finish off with some boxing party okay
Chloe but you get off first let's go you
gotta move them legs okay honey move
them legs good good good good job good
mama good mama good I'll turn else
good good job my girls now let's go over
to the weights dumbbells alright so
these ones right here these are for L
these are the tiny ones okay
these are three pounds still pretty
heavy huh good oh my lord you're strong
as you curl it curl it okay okay hold
the camera baby give me a mommy working
out okay
okay mama punching them I'll push it you
tell me you tell me Mommy
lift it up lift it up good right there
pregnant angry woman did you get it did
you get on camera yeah okay you raise
those and punches now okay here you put
these on let me see you
good job what's wrong what's wrong you
hurt no wait guys in okay let me help me
help you let me help you it hurt okay
you good
all right rabies Matt Matt's out come up
yeah
come up great no no no that's wrong you
got to come up like this
arms up good good oh the Rolly you know
the Rolly
this one you like that one this roll it
out okay PC app apps social based on
your ass show your ass
Sean gasps good l your turn
roll it out good job good good good
good job yeah baby you better you'll be
doing one set L you got to do more set
okay I see what the push-ups you nice
they roll it out now roll it out roll it
out
get them abs right you know it yeah girl
yeah all right guys it's obviously a
different story when Al's in the gym
with us we're gonna go ahead and close
out today's video right here but before
we close out today's video we do have to
give our pulse notification shout out to
whoo baby you remember hey shout to you
bro thank you so much for having our
postal implication turned on bro you
know we love you whoever else like a
pulse notification shoutout all you got
to do is subscribe today's family hit
that subscribe button turn on our post
notifications so you don't miss a video
hit that Bell button and once you do
those two things on your do is comment
and done and obviously if you liked
today's video you gotta give it a thumbs
up give a thumbs up if you think L did a
good job working out today l did you can
do a good job today so like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful family always say videos right
say peace sake say peace hit the camera
get the camera
good job
