someone told me to move down to kiss
them I like you watch me hangin over an
aria
alright a family so before we begin with
this video I just want to tell you guys
how excited we are to do our first
collab well our first official collab
ever lit they're fun just like I was
like I love it return to those who do
not know this is damo does her lovely
soul mate Chrissy so yes yes my wife I
guess but before we begin with this
challenge is a challenge right yeah so
before we begin with this challenge I
would like to mention I already told
them this before I like to say for those
who are watching that I am very very
proud of you guys success no propylene
I'm very proud actually very proud
success because they face adversity
every day they go against every norm
possible and I'm coming right now it is
not easy doing what they do and they're
doing it they're donating successful I
won't tell you guys how how we are of
you guys thank you thank you man we
literally said that every day bring it
in more voice again no that was so nice
thank you you guys super really odd they
just started basically like literally
there are any like the one one point yes
next one point five other thing while we
love them they don't care with no money
things Allah love them
maybe any negativity is this like okay
the challenge that we'll be doing today
is be like the texture okay how we're
going to pleasures is each couple is
going to ask the other couple five
questions so Katherine and I will ask
I'm Larissa my question and download
Chrissy will ask us every wish and we're
both going to put our hands in
to the question so he's gonna go first
and I'll go and then vice versa with
them doing so yes get a chance to use
the lie detector test so now we have to
decide who's going to go first
it's either rapper presumably jogo
Cooper if your brother is I guess that
shows it is this bracket in the question
or first to use the little bit okay
right anyone will just use it right and
you guys don't want no
rock-paper-scissors license issues right
right here for the shoot oh damn it Rick
Rock Paper Scissors shoot hell yeah ha I
move it Catherine and I came up with
five questioning it saw that day oh my
gosh what should we ask for Oh scanning
the hand it works it's time questions
number one dumbest and have you guys
ever thought about putting the answers
yes yes see yes about it I mean
look a shark
look I'm a trooper now for Donnell have
you ever thought about putting me - yes
at the beginning yeah
they over here telling the truth is a
goal I'm 37 years old father's not
questions at a family
oh snap up with a family question number
one free all my Yas anybody can learn
hey you
you love this shit only work
j√°nos Antal oh my I love my have it
work sort of the garden oh my god you
know them big question number two four
dollars so you guys have anything with
any other youtubers hmm no they don't
like us anymore
oh that right like everybody nobody like
you felt like us oh yeah we will see if
you wanted to
I don't see why anyone wouldn't like you
guys what the crime anyway smell like a
marble mouth for dumb do you have any
other beef or any meats in any other
nope
behind careful are they lying yeah
you're lying they got me Fionna got
these fucking number two do you guys
watch anymore - yes you already know hey
baby
eight comments on what you know I love
your son this thing's Rogen I just want
kids what she does with on real quick
how much do you guys want any more
horses I gotta have my lunch ever
yeah I'll try got Alan well you know
when I said you didn't love me
hey Sam stay tuned for the next three
months Baba new area real quick hey I'm
saying it I think I want babies don't
happen soon so we'll be you're still in
juvie China where the whole nine months
per baby of course but so we're gonna be
prank daddy
bacon all so we cookin questions number
have you ever cheated on dollar
no I'm started on nothing right on
nervous like when where and with who
Wow Wow like a famous well-known anyone
go out tonight
everyone okay now Donald's turn you a go
lover
no you're gonna come out as a moment
irritated okay nope
listen cobras you got some money saved
now usually sigh the Internet this is
bad the Apple first this time have you
ever kiss a boy named jell-o was over
here to the left now okay I guess you
wanna be a long time now last question
you guys ever plan on moving to LA yeah
the juices out y'all
the juice is Alex wanted okay nothing is
like almost when you come to LA Alfred
um you and I'm moving to LA with 59
fiance's we just do in Crystal Palace I
know that love hello Dominic Ricky come
to LA we might do a couple mean grief
Hey yes yes you know there's like any
good
Wow perfect
awesome
Wow all the joke oh no I'm talking we
don't come balanced and last but not
least I got this one you are you my
banana have y'all ever made a sex tape
yeah look at my arm I love it
what would find out we're going to find
out maybe they will just watch out of
milk so we never think Donald's time I
don't ever made upset yes I would like a
fairy tale Raven sex is okay for boy
yeah oh yeah so you don't want no way to
know she don't you lie but not least
hangover yeah no wait wait for it again
oh my god I am no a being okay
oh she's no Effie over here like I said
your beta- was on the trill made a
freaky ones over here shit alright guys
that is it for the lie detector test
it was exciting well yeah it was how do
you guys know what I'll be wearing do
time he got caught up I don't know what
it was how y'all doing good it was fine
after Joe and I reckon the results
obviously guys you like this video gotta
get a thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe before we fill out this video
I would like to say that their youtube
link will be in our description so let's
share a family make sure you subscribe
and you know be a part of our family
because they're part of a family and we
all want to bake them just in case you
guys don't know who we are on me and
David won one so make sure you go click
the link in their bio land got our
YouTube when you see the link and log in
our body the first thing you'll see I'll
be performing as I do music and we're
going to have competitions I'll turn our
call we got plenty of surprises mean
grease also and we have eight other a
family environment have any my name hey
Larry
yeah family man bodies you know they
gonna be lit we got a surprise I didn't
want to say it so we've always closed
off this video we do have to give our
notification shout out today to who
Caitlyn hood whoa hey Shosh UK really
love Caitlyn thank you so much Robin our
pulse invocation turn on whoever else
like impulsive acacia shadow all you
have to do is turn on post notifications
and comment win how mentioned before
obviously if you might be you've got to
give a thumbs up it's our first collab
y'all right well then better get some
get one anybody
by the way guys double Chris you're
staying with us
yes we're home oh they're so sweet they
were look we're up that hotel there was
no you have to say what I have to have
oh this is so nice and they have only
hospitality ball they give us how are
y'all to make sure you stay tuned for
more videos he pees
