so things don't exist in real life today
hey a family doctor town guys what's
going on everybody
sorry a family for the last couple of
days we've been extremely busy we
actually had to fly to Washington very
last-minute my grandfather hasn't been
doing too well health-wise he's been in
and out of hospital so my entire family
went out there to visit him it was
actually his first time meeting L so
that was very exciting now we're back
home and back to regular schedule today
we decided to do videos that has been
requested by you guys many of times we
all want to call it hate comments
because we don't want to put too much on
this is on the hate word because
obviously everyone gets cake but we just
want to focus on a lot of outrageous
comments that we've recently seen rages
come outrageous comments and we first
want to start off by saying how much we
appreciate the a family because over
here this ace family community we hardly
ever get negative slash hate comments so
what I appreciate you guys for that it
literally has to say these comments
throughout some time just because we
wanted to make sure that when we finally
did do this video that we would have
that most egregious one obviously we're
not going to tell you guys the names of
the people who let these comments
because we know our ace family members
with just a tad back then and we don't
want that that is me so let's get to it
shall we
outrageous comment number one your guys
channel has to be the worst Channel all
you guys do is love each other and give
back next guys almost so outrageous that
we had nothing to say next outrageous
comment how is L a one-year-old and
isn't I trained technician Ellen so I
don't think that most one-year-old are
potty trained I'm sure that there are
some I don't know we're all that about -
look it up real quick okay although L is
extremely intelligent she actually had
started to potty train pretty early and
it just so happened that
two times than we did summer on our
channel she didn't go because the
cameras were on her so that's how all
the way though I just searched it on
Google and Google said that however some
children will be potty trained until
after they're three and a half years old
in general girls tend to complete potty
training about three months earlier than
boys between three and four years old
Wow she is one people she just turned
laundry and barely one comma comma next
outrageous question Catherine why does L
only look like you do you even know who
your real baby daddies do you know again
Noelle Carell looks like often like
sometimes she'll wake up the morning and
she was exactly like Austin and I'm like
I don't even see my thumb and then other
times I literally see like the spitting
image of myself so she's like half and
half but I mean everyone has their own
personal opinions on who she looks like
but she's our baby we made her so she
looks elected both of us next outrageous
question these are pretty outrageous
humming Austin why do you wear your hats
backwards
you're not even black oh my gosh what
someone I see that um I'm definitely my
mom is black but I'm definitely not
black so next question X outrageous
question your daughter will get diabetes
if you put her in imminent oh my gosh
guys do you know what they were
referring to when it comes that coming I
want to tell them the video we did dozen
cases
oh yeah mmm yeah so couple weeks ago
oftentimes in a video of Al surrounded
in 1 million M&Ms and dislikes big like
pool of course she was in the tub and
she had a few I'm gonna obviously she
would have a couple and man and while
she was there but I will say that L is
one of the most well nutrition baby
she's 96
in Thailand height and she's 86
percentile and weight and she drinks
obviously I'm still breastfeeding so she
still drinks her breast milk because I
refuse to be her cow milk that's just my
personal opinion but don't worry about
hurting me habits next outrageous
question Catherine stop trying to hide
your Lila Lila line no one can be that
skinny after a baby guys
I literally gained 60 pounds during my
pregnancy in both legs low sixties
multix loose sandy rush and I never want
lipo so thank you
this is like literally so victory I can
see that I know a lot of you guys don't
believe that so much water we and I was
just like ground six irulu and I lost it
all within that first month
literally I lost like yeah next question
people please before you leave a comment
think about what you're commenting
before you leave it okay thank you next
outrageous comment often you're gay for
getting your toes painted all I have to
say is whoever read that comment and was
offended I'm very sorry and please
please please please please don't ever
leave a comment like that in any of our
videos because that that's just not cool
and only on it now me onto the lawn what
I want to know one get this clear I can
do whatever I want to do because I'm
comfortable moms it's probably the most
comfortable person or guy that I've ever
met besides my brother and they're like
literally like the most comfortable we
just don't care what people think
okay but that question right there
bothered me because I know it probably
bothered somebody else there with ya
last outrageous comment why does your
daughter never have clothes on she's
going to turn into a porn star siya are
you kidding me are you kidding on yellow
whoever left that comment and I know
what it is who I know who's a person is
you know the person no I don't know him
personally I see
comment something crazy like this before
and always I'm going to have in fact we
didn't address it yeah I'm sure it's for
attention but like something has to be
wrong with you for you to even involve a
one-year-old in that type of shit often
and I live in Los Angeles and I want so
hot here and L she just hates having
clothes on her she sleeps naked she
loves it he's comfortable in her own
juices no free baby every baby free
happy baby please and when we just her
she gets annoys for a little bit and she
starts telling me okay we get more used
to it right yeah I'm on baby you talk to
you naked mention home my baby can be
naked if she want to okay so you take
your naked toes alright a family that is
it for our outrageous comments I hope
you guys enjoyed that little segment
right there we have never done anything
like that
we I can to save comments from like
month ago just to film this video for
you guys I will say that before we even
post the video actually before we even
film a video we already know that
comments that we're going to get but do
you have any idea what people are going
to say like Katherine I mentioned in our
previous video we know people going to
judge regardless people are going to
hate regardless but end of the day as
long as we know we're not doing anything
wrong
that's all that matters we're being good
people as long as we're loving each
other that's all every said in the
beginning of the video we appreciate all
our a family members who are always so
calm and then again we can't express it
enough
you guys always leave the best comments
we've ever seen I've actually cried
reading somewhere she did and like two
days ago actually a couple days in a row
I've done this where um when we post all
like like a little looks 300 comments
just like like other comments I'll
literally just sit there and be like
Sohni good idea before we close out this
video we do have to give our
notification channel today to who so the
notification shout-out today goes to
remember 7
in the most beautiful okay no I didn't
get her in the head a lot
yes my upper day ever get the world
canceled I know by hey guys by the way
for those who are new to our channel and
are wondering who sings that song it was
good
it's the first and it's a Glenshaw venus
he shall to my boy lives in the present
who wrote and sang things in this song
and it's currently waiting it's
currently pending pending were very
important day you know me I want another
thing to your god damn how many another
thing and here I'll send you to our
channel and you're wondering with a
screen because I'm sure you might be
wondering if you've been watching our
videos already and you don't know what
ace stands for
let's is probably gonna stand for no I'm
offended they don't know another quality
oh now you're not true a family members
I think is doing tonight oh thing if
they just Joanna they just don't always
say if you already do want to do not
know don't know just like randomly
camera confidence our Channel tonight
okay so aids means or a stands for unity
well it does but on a stance for Austin
Catherine and L and it just so happens
that and ends up being like that it was
a plan and just yeah so that's what I
you mean the today's notification shadow
goes to rain Tolentino and she wrote a
lengthy paragraph but I will say that I
love it so much and it almost in the car
when I read it so I love you very much
so shout out to you show a few girls
thank you so much for having our post
indications turned on whoever else would
like a closer vacation shout out all you
have to do is subscribe and turn on our
publications and comment win and like me
and my beautiful queen
ouais safe we'll be back with more water
than
many more what more what my videos
recently
