yeah sure camera two
go ahead don't get don't get in the
attitude she wants to start the vlog she
said okay okay there you go
that's for you okay it's a little heavy
for you the other my high a family here
look right here
see look right there so you can see you
know Ben are you just showing him your
chest hunch okay here here I'll give you
one as you guys can see I had to get her
her own I'm sorry guys she is wearing an
extra-large shirt I got that for her a
long time ago thinking she was bigger
than she is you gone peepee go peepee
okay you going people with the vlogging
camera oh that's the true blogger right
there out of you
you vlogging while you're on the toilet
dang yeah
you know you don't have to go peepee
she's like I'm out of here bro yesterday
how about to go vlog my life away
damn baby she's a true vlogger look they
have to see you every time I get closer
to camera she runs let me turn it on for
you let me turn it off for you let me
turn it on for you look there it is look
at her she act like she really work in
it what's going on everybody
so Austin is here oil pulling something
I taught him and you still can't do it
so so what happens if you put the
coconut oil in your mouth and then both
oils because oils and oils obviously
mesh together so that the oils can't
explain it let's try this again so all
you need is like that much it's probably
a lot no that's too much I do it anyways
put in your mouth goblet for I hear 20
minutes hell no more like two minutes if
you're those people who don't like
certain textures of your mouth there's
gonna be hard for you so what I do is I
try to put it in the toilet I basically
just found out you put it in a sink and
that's not right basically you have oils
natural oils in your mouth and then
obviously the coconut oil is an oil so
once you put once you combine two oils
together it gets stuck together and then
you can take out all of that excess like
germs and stuff that you have in your
mouth so that's why I cook enough oil
friggin and it's obviously good for you
in like many many other ways you know so
today is gonna be a regular vlog day
we're gonna be doing blogging baby you
look like baby Tarzan say hi say hi say
hi hears about you I'm Anthony okay so
today we have several things to do we
want to show you a couple things I have
to go to Costco and go pick up this
video that I actually have been wanting
to put on to DVD for the past 20 years
literally so am I really excited about
that
and then what are you doing and then we
get surprises no surprise cool and then
okay and then we have to go and then we
have to go see this house with Tanner
our friend who is also a realtor and
then what we are now has a surprise oh
oh and then I also have a couple of
things I wanted yeah oh you gotta box hi
Theodore
oh so for those who don't know what
hella freshers hellofresh is a milk it
delivery service that makes cooking fun
and easy I swear they fit so much penis
box and the crazy thing is they deliver
it to your doorstep of RO though
catheter and I eat out so much that's
kind of unhealthy and we waste so much
money so hellofresh always comes to the
rescue
alright so each week hello fresh creates
new recipes step-by-step instructions I
think about 30 minutes tops for example
we have here pork burgers the amazing
chicken and the herb sorbonne and steak
and guys just to let you know hello
fresh is now offering light spring meals
and has just now introduced breakfast
and guess what it's all under $10 so as
you saw we just took the three boxes on
the top with all of the ingredients and
then underneath here is where the ice is
and the meats are all underneath here
okay let's see what we have here we got
the bread we got the mozzarella and what
I love about hellofresh is they give you
the perfect amount of food so nothing is
wasted so after my baby cooks this
that's why I love my baby this is what
it should look like got the pork burgers
got the herb oil on steak we got the
amazing chicken all right family so
before we begin cooking these delicious
meals you know we got a plug y'all here
fatty and love food like mom listen up
so all you have to do is go to hello
fresh calm which the link will be in our
description and use the code a Stan Lee
30 which will be right here and you will
get $30 off your first week of orders
not first day first week and once you
receive the mills and you cook them
tweet us pictures alright guys so let's
go to Costco and get a juicer so we will
see you there
that's your committee extend oh you're
leaving are you ready to go now let's go
all right guys so now we're here at
Costco so as you guys know Katherine and
I have been trying to get on our healthy
tip but we must admit it is extremely
hard especially with our busy schedule
we've been on and off with the gym on
and off with our eating habits so today
it's time we change our life around
right now we're here in Costco because
we are looking for a juicer happen once
about juicing every day right so so so
let's see if we can make it change to
our lifestyle all right guys so
apparently they're demoing the juicer
that we want so we're gonna go over
there and just check it out before we
actually buy it okay off to the juicer
oh yeah you heavy as hell hi bye
see you later
bye vegetables and grains
the web mix is very easy to clean two
cups of hot water drop a little so we
gonna make a promise right now to
dedicate ourselves to be more healthy
baby guys do you know who was singing
that song they're gonna be making juice
every day now yeah we're gonna be
juicing and we're gonna make all right
better got the fruit the the carrots oh
hell no we're not about to be having no
aunty juice well let me get the last one
let me get the last one from deep huh
you know I used to play back in the day
this is for my baby this is from one
Queen
this is for my family right here one
time here we go oh hell naw did you put
grass in here come on bad bear here
princess
excuse me princess here take this grass
back to the rabbits baby take this grass
back to the rabbits thank you all right
that was ready blend it up it blend it
up
oh my god that smells so good awesome da
hell naw
no but for real though you make me look
like a bad news maker a bad it's
actually good ace family is actually
pretty good
ace family won't be honest I'm kind of
sad right now because we just found out
the house we're looking at the house
Catherine pranked me with isn't
available anymore we're back on the hunt
looking at some more houses we're
actually here now about to look at a
house we're interested in so beautiful
oh my god from what I can already tell
like I could just see that it's our
perfect house but as you guys know our
lease is an N for another six months so
we're starting the process right now to
look at houses cuz we don't want to do
this last-minute are you ready guys here
we go
ah parties family we couldn't show you
guys the house Austin wanted to tease
you guys I know they're so bad probably
you guys are probably pissed but it's
okay because if we do happen to get it
we obviously want to show it to you now
because I'll just ruin I would just
defeat the purpose right you guys want
to be surprised and do like a proper new
house reveal and we also want to
manifest this so we don't want to like
put too much eyes on it because we want
to make sure that we do get it
everything works out so exactly so stay
tuned Hayes family steak - oh you
mommy's girl oh that's not fair that's
not fair Oh get your toes just like it
so you know more baby no more can we
kiss
okay it's family gets a kid oh I get one
let me kiss okay now X family nice yummy
kiss kiss Thank You ace family for tuned
in as always before we close out today's
video we do have to give our
notification shout-out today - who -
Stephanie can - and to shout somebody
shout out so Lesley Michelle shut up -
and if you girls so much for having our
postal vacations turned on whoever else
would like a post on vacations shout out
all you have to do is turn on our post
on vacations and comment when done and
like me and my beautiful princess and my
beautiful Queen and my beautiful girls
always say
say say say say peas say peace no I
guess peds I guess you don't do it then
good peace go peace do it good
