someone told me number so
they don't exist in real life these days
hey Stemler
my carry-on bag what's going on in our a
family so before you're watching this
video I suggest you go get your popcorn
go get your Jamba Juice get real
comfortable if you can't watch this
right now come back literally come back
when you're in bed tonight come back and
have some time to watch his long video
right so we had a lot of requests people
asking is how did we start YouTube how
didn't get to where we are today and we
wanted to make this video basically to
tell you guys in a very personal way how
things came about no literally from A to
Z like I'm gonna be honest I don't even
think our parents know well I know they
are sovereign I think they doing that
this is something that's very personal
to us but we have gotten comfortable
with ourselves and with you guys that we
want to be able to share it with you all
and we're hoping that it truly does
inspire you guys and motivate you
because that's what our channel is about
us or about is just being able to
inspire help others and as well motivate
alright so how should we get into it I
mean I don't want this I don't have
idioms to be too long but I also wanted
to be long because I wanted to take our
time and really tell you guys like in
full detail why we are where we are
today with standing here from the camera
talking to you guys so it has to be long
yeah it only has to be oh my god like I
said earlier but you ready - saying that
from that are you ready do it so it all
started back when Kathryn and I started
dating we were just living life day by
day a fun-loving couple and at the same
time we realized that we were inspiring
people without even without even
realizing it so as I was going into my
senior year I'd enter Washington because
that's where I went to school and at the
time Kathryn was still here in LA and so
I got pregnant and there wasn't even a
question in our minds
I was in Austin because I don't think
it's been a whole year without him and I
wasn't going to spend a whole year
without her and the other day so I
quickly like pack up all my stuff
without any questions and when we just
moved through the college your room one
find us to book with us okay yes Kosta
can write a motion yes Spokane
Washington we had never been there
before we even know anything about that
place and so Austin is there and then I
was very shortly right after and I'm
pregnant and I'm like I think it was
like about a month pregnant it was there
and I'm not gonna lie I literally had
around I needed like $18,000 to my name
and so for immediately obviously being
pregnant I wasn't planning on really
working at that time because I had went
through a situation where I thought I
lost the baby and so on the doctors were
telling me like don't work doesn't
anything too crazy and so I was kind of
in that mine state where I wasn't going
to do anything I was going to go to
Washington be there for the year and you
hope he's being healthy they know me
guys I was like do not do anything don't
even move out of his bed like I did not
baby to be healthy it was me as you
college athletes no we only gave money
that our scholarships will buy so we
can't even have like a side job or
anything like that so she had like she
said she had about 18,000 in her account
and I just had my scholarship and I was
eighteen thousand dollars that had
literally saved from when I moved to Los
Angeles so I had moved to Los Angeles
around like a year before that and so
that year before that I was working two
jobs and everything was just saving
saving saving savings so it was slowly
kind of like disappearing as time we're
going on because with obviously like
bills and stuff and in LA I was like
trying to find myself and trying to find
what I wanted to do career-wise and of
getting jobs here and there but I was
really completely sure so that money was
literally all we had to our name so
Austin was playing basketball and he
literally had the best year ever like he
was finally able to play I was a biggest
fan soon by the way he was finally able
to play his I don't know you guys know
not the Austin was playing throughout
his whole entire college career a lot of
time
yeah and lifetime he's been planning
something was like five and prior to
that last year of college he wasn't able
to play as he wanted because there was
these sequence of events that happened
with his coaches back so yeah his coach
passed away and like just so many
different things happen and so that very
last year is finally able to play the
amount of time that he was you know that
he was miss to play and he was averaging
21 anyway so yeah he was also talking
hey Doc do we know yeah sound cocky or
anything but I was top ten in the
country boring so no you were top three
and three top five and three top ten in
the country yeah yeah so I was like okay
like I'll just say invest here in the
slide like this is so crazy like I'm his
biggest supporter and we were there for
each other for everything obviously
college you know you travel every
weekend killing him and I hadn't wanted
road trips for like three or four days
and all he would do is be on FaceTime
yeah people on the phone like it was
coming and it's so crazy like I was
clearly every single episode of flexing
city I was like Tyler and watch them
together I would like to face the same
time on and then we took like two shows
at the same time and you didn't wash
psychologists on top of her watching my
games on TV so why that was happening
while roommate was also living with me
he's from where I'm from he moved out
there with me before Katherine did he
was like my support system
he's been there for me since I'm 12
years old I look up some of the big
brother shouts you the shot but one day
he came into our room with a laptop and
started laughing and we were like I'm
laughing he's like you can actually do
you two we were like what the hell
YouTube I'm so confusing to me because
to me in my mind YouTube was always just
a like an app or a website that you go
to to listen to music yes literally all
it ever listened
things like he always is more than that
and we're like what do you mean he's
like they're such thing it's called
bloggers people so in a day design well
your is like people don't know any like
people actually watch that - oh all
right like yes people would love to
listen to you guys and watch a baby
lives or life ruin any I mean really we
didn't we didn't we didn't understand it
at all but once he brought it to our
attention we start you know looking at
bloggers and he was like God you will
give us for living like people make this
their career and we're like they do this
for a living
yeah he's I guess people make pretty
good money from doing this obviously I
was pregnant and I had a lot of time on
my hands so I okay like let me just see
what he's talking about so I I literally
went on YouTube and have put some
vloggers and like some pages came up and
then I I ran on make sure you're
watching a couple of different families
and stuff and it was like we can easily
do this but we were already so like into
social media and posting so much on
social media and doing videos and stuff
because that's just the way that we are
we're like we're goofy italic on-camera
off-camera and I betcha sup the way WR
its life to it yeah it's already hiding
like it's already in our lifestyle to
show like certain things about us and
show our lives and you know when I was
in the womb often you know we were
talking to Ellen make a video video to
bit Amla since the beginning you know
that we made videos non-stop especially
when no more Halloween born like they're
making it before even L is even like in
the picture in the making videos and
stuff so like that was already in her
personality that was already what we
like to do now and maybe making any
income just doing it in general what
it's love doing it after we started
looking into it we kind of forgot about
it because we work in a position to
start blogging right away like Kathryn
was pregnant
no but not even that like even though I
was pregnant because of log it was just
we weren't really in the position to
share blocking because as you know like
it has to be blogging has a lot to do
with like in the position that you're in
so like we even have like lighting in
our apartment it was a really small
apartment awesome
there always have it we always snowing
outside the level of terrible
like it was it was just not the right we
did have much to capture so we went back
to LA and we had plans to move to this
apartment and it happened where the
apartment situation going to work and so
we're kind of enough in that position
where we had to find a place right away
because I was going to be having a baby
in two three months so pretty much when
personal back to LA we didn't have a
place to stay now even though my parents
offered us to stay there family members
office to stay yeah we only stayed for
like literally like 30 days wrote that
because we were on a mission really
we're not gonna be staying here we don't
want to step on anyone's toes we're not
going to be living with anyone we're
going to get our own place
and so we just have faith in God we're
like we're going to find a place and
it's going to happen quick on the third
day that we were in LA
Austin was like okay like I'm going to
go and try to look for an apartment when
I see what's going on with this first
apartment and so that means that at work
he went to another random apartment
which it's so very well my Forks because
I had been to this place once before
like the year before because often
friend was there and I always had it in
my mind that I really liked our location
and I really liked that apartment I
didn't know the name and I didn't know
anything about it and just so happens
that awesome goes there randomly right
away it goes through this building so
awesome Watson's in the leasing office
and it just so happens that the guy
working in there is a friend I've known
as dude since I was like 10 years old
okay and my dude the guy that was in the
last day working there so like if we
would have went one day later we would
have never got this place in - long
story short if he knew he he gave it to
good price on the apartment oh yeah so I
was like bleep ends up paying like $89
and I was usually like 20-something
right I mean really okay like this is
the best situation like oh my god so
happy we can move in tomorrow oh my god
you guys know that moving into a place
is a process I thought that place was
even open at that time right what's so
perfect we literally move in the next
day and it's really this is too good to
be true this is so crazy but yeah we
were so personable
we both want like we move our car yeah
we will have that energy we're like it
we really want something we get things
done so like us together like crazy
the next day we move in and we probably
had about full thousand dollars to
ornate no we haven't
well we have not everything but I like
clubs in Lakeville thousand because then
we knew that we had to get furniture
because I had a first couple days we
moved in we're sleeping on an air
mattress so we had somewhat of a cushion
to get enough furniture for us to be
living yeah but this is the thing they
like whether or not we have like a good
cushion out it didn't matter because the
baby was coming so yes obviously that
was on our mind what you know like I'm
not like you guys know but basically was
we weren't stressed about it at all
it was a moral point where we broke down
or really how I can eat discussion about
it because we weren't stressed and we
knew some way or another it was going to
work out as we move in in my secondary
there we're obviously resulted in an air
mattress okay we gotta get furniture we
were really excited because he had just
got Simon's Asian states and was getting
ready to do his work out he's going to
get right into two days three days I was
being prepared for the giraffe at Oceana
and that process is a mission but I go
here regarding a furniture I saw I
remember it was sleeping and like I was
like kind of like half asleep dreaming
you know that feeling when you're like
kind of a weight but not away and I'm
like okay like we have a little bit of
money it's not a lot of money and
something needs to happen quick because
you never know what's going to happen if
you always have to have like some kind
of downfall just in case a plan week and
so I had already had it in my mind
couple months before that I was in a
pounce on my car because I bought my car
straight out that's two years before
that and it only had like 15,000 miles
on it it was like a basically like a
brand new car so how'd I race I'm
selling it so and we and already had a
car so we figured you know what yeah we
don't need to go out of course yeah
so I feel often
it often like let's sell my cars go to
car max whatever see how much it's worth
so I typed it in and got Kelly Blue Book
I typed it in the hamish it was worth it
was worth exactly it was 25 to 28
thousand dollars and I'm like okay well
hopefully I get at least 25 and um so
that we could have a little bit of
cushion to figure out what's going to
happen with his basketball career
because we had about four or five months
until we knew was going to happen with
the basketball situation this is was
crazy so um I'm I was living in Florida
prior to moving into LA and so my
registration was a Florida registration
and I hadn't driven my car in like seven
months and I had moved so many times in
between I didn't know where any of my
stuff was and I couldn't find my
registration as we actually went to
Carmack's and they were like that's the
only way that you could even sell the
car the meaning your registration this
this and that
and so I'm freaking out an electro soon
I'm here to find my registration and at
that point I was like we definitely need
this on my car because we definitely
needed money and this needs to happen is
that and so I'm looking through all my
boxes I'm calling Miami to see like
where I reckon have a new registration
said to me and at the time guys I had oh
my you we had like six thousand dollars
to our name like it was going down
you went from 12 to six honey little
tongue kissing because we bought
furniture oh no we didn't buy furniture
yet yes we did yes we did because we
knew we're selling the car did Oh my
name is going balance quick because we
bought furniture is about finna to be
bought and things were just happening so
quickly in real life we really need this
money like something needs to happen God
please respond to my prayers because we
need to find the vegetarian it was like
a golden ticket I was looking through
everything to find a being and not to
mention catheter are not the type to ask
for money
we could easily ask our parents for
money whatever we would never do that
idle kind full of that I've never asked
me once if I wasn't even doesn't even
cosmonaut so one morning I'm like I
wasn't just so weird like I wasn't
stressed like for some reason I wasn't
stressed I didn't feel like that
feeling but I did feel like okay
something needs to happen and I know
something's gonna happen student and I
prayed and I literally said everything
is going to be okay and so I'm looking
through some boxes and something made me
look into this most random box okay and
so often I remember also those upstairs
and basically in the bedroom and I'm
downstairs looking to the boxes kind of
taking everything out cuz we had just
bought a little bit of furniture and so
I look into the random box and there's
this little booklet and it says the
world is your bond okay
and I'm randomly bacchus at Urban
Outfitters before I've never used it
literally had no writing in there I open
the booklet and I see this frickin
registration to my car yo we started
Miami Island often I go I'm like
freaking out man cards over really good
enduro what the car max so my car got I
think is like twenty five thousand and
five hundred dollars went straight to
the bank and like it was like I was like
a little reboot I don't have to get it
refunded I grew up
yeah like thirty thousand around thirty
thousand for name well okay
really it's been colored and bring it
like well stress off the vid I like it
Zambian not the best but it's literally
another way to get us to where we're
going to go max yes my agent gave us a
bunch of options we had to look at
overseas we asked them looks to plan the
d-league will be honest the money that
they were offering wasn't good enough
for what I feel I deserve especially if
we were going to go way overseas and I
was going to bring my family so I was
thinking myself now that captain is
pregnant and we have a little one on the
way we have to do something especially
to provide for our family and so one
night I will never forget this I was up
all night on the computer and I remember
the shot saying bro you should start
YouTube so I started looking back on the
whole YouTube thing I remember seeing a
few videos of these young kids buying
really expensive cars I'm talking about
Lamborghinis Ferraris and I'm thinking
like wow are they really bunnies cars
from making videos from doing YouTube
and so I thought to myself I was like if
they can do it
can do it so literally the next day I
told her all the yo we need to go to the
store and get this vlogging camera and
just start just take a chance and just
start to see what happens with there so
the next day let's go by blogging camera
we didn't buy a very expensive one we
actually bought a very cheap one to
start out with because we didn't know
what we were doing at all so like I said
we live in a very small apartment we
couldn't really feel too much in our
place because the filming situation was
just weird
so we literally filmed in our living
room yeah every single video was in our
name and not to mention our videos were
not monetized so we didn't we didn't
even know how to monetize we didn't even
know how we were going to get paid we
were just filming exactly wait doesn't
make videos like I think I'm so like are
tons of video we weren't even getting
paid we didn't know nothing about it we
reached out to people asking hey how do
we even start this channel how do we
even begin this whole process and yeah
to be honest it was a process yeah I
know I'm like really tell do a second
it's kind of difficult to start it
really is at this point I was already
born we started making videos and we
started realizing that it's really
difficult especially how many bars is
how many subscribers we realized that
you know Instagram is a completely
different world in YouTube we were like
how do we get like all social medias in
general are so completely different all
the platforms are so different that it's
hard to get your you know your
supporters from A to B to see it like
it's a lot more difficult than it looks
as we're making videos time was going
down and we needed to make a decision
whether we were going to stay here or go
overseas and like I said at the time I
didn't like any of the offers at all
well the offers were all okay like we
weren't horrible but they weren't worth
it to completely like the whole family
yeah and be a orphan yeah and raised ill
and in that situation where she would be
traveling and awesome would literally be
traveling every other weekend or every
weekend as your basketball players know
or happen
like that when you're playing this for
your Lily away from everybody 24/7 so
Katherine I made a decision to take the
year off of basketball to stay here in
LA and focus on you too so so once our
YouTube channel we realize okay like
obviously and we're going to try to make
this into an actual career and I know a
lot of you might say that it's not
whatever you're done is personal
opinions on YouTube and the whole social
media world is you know we had our own
opinion on it and we were like okay if
we're going to do this we're going to do
it right okay we're going to have our
hearts on our sleeve you're going to be
as true turrets only we can be you know
we're going to be ourselves so we
started YouTube and we noticed that we
were getting a lot of good positive
attention from their supporters and it
starts to go pretty rapidly we also
realized too that there's also going to
be haters as you grow there's always
people hate you never you do and we
really embrace everything like we have
love for the people that hate on us we
have lovely people love us
yeah and we've learned to just accept it
because it's we're in this field we know
that whatever we do we're going to be
judged and we're comfortable with that
because we know what we're doing is
positive I was actually just talking
Austin other day was reading from common
and we actually did a recent video where
we were looking at some houses and in
the video I said that dispatcher was
small and someone had commented saying
that other like how can you think that
backyard is small and then it dawned on
me and I asked myself why did I think
that backyard is small I was thinking
about it and I was like unconscious
waiting I said that based on my past
experiences so the reason why I called
up back her small was actually because I
never had a backyard growing up so I've
been in situations my entire life where
I was unhappy where I was living and you
know certain scenarios that I was in and
it got me to the point where I am today
to appreciate what I work for and to
appreciate a nice backyard and to be
honest that's not even my dream that's a
dream that I have for my daughter
so unconsciously other thing
I was thinking about it I was like you
guys would never know that unless I told
you and I unless I told you my story and
unless I told you you know where I came
from and what what got me to where I am
today so you know those are the things
you have to deal with and that's the
thing is everybody's life's different
like whether you come from a small
family or a big family or you come from
being poor you coming being rich
everybody's liked it different and
there's no way that anybody can ever
judge so much dad because that's the way
like this today is yeah it's going to
happen anyway to have regard and we have
to learn to accept it again almost sad
because as you guys know Katherine and I
our main goal is to inspire and to help
others and people almost think that it's
not real yeah what we have going on our
family isn't real even time where our
family members will come to us and tell
us that people last time people asking
them like hey our Katherine Austin
really like that is are they really a
mom right there love real are they that
close as a family and it yeah it's sad
to be judged to be big that that what we
have going on isn't real what I don't
blame them though because if you know if
this was me five years ago watching a
YouTube family like us I would have been
lying this is so crazy like how can I
have that how having not their lives
like why are they so blessed and there's
something going on like this it can be
completely real so we understand that
they know is it's possible not for us
but for you guys and we want to preach
at much as we can is because what we
have going on is just genuine love and
if we could I love so could you if we
can have a family so could you it's not
so far-fetched and I know that a lot of
you guys are thinking like it's harder
than you think like oh you know you're
going to just say that but no it's for
real like if you just have skates and
put your God and whatever it is that you
believe in it's going to happen to you
and it's not as hard as you think or as
people make it like if you just have
faith and and pray to whoever you pray
to have good karma and be a good person
I promise you that you will manufact
whatever you want like it's like how we
manifest on each on there in just
how we manifested anything that we have
accomplished an airline that is it's not
just within YouTube it's also within you
know our personal lives and you know
like other business ventures you know
like things as far as even investments
that we've made and just business
businesses that we've started like even
those things have been successful and
it's all based on us truly believing
ourselves and so that's what we want to
let you guys know we give you that
message that literally anything is
possible if you really want it you
wouldn't believe and not to get it
twisted by no means that I ever say what
we do is easy or what other youtubers do
is easy
I took my hat's off and I give props to
every youtuber out there that are able
to post every day every day or hundred
three videos a week like it's very hard
to do our schedule is a lot especially
that we have a little one idea we wake
up around 8 o'clock we film from about
9:00 to 12:00 maybe that's two and it
takes a few hours to edit and get it up
on YouTube and so it's literally like a
nine-to-five job and we also work around
L schedules our daughters can so she's
obviously she's a year old and we've
been doing this for almost going on ten
months and we've been doing this with
her as a newborn or and so that itself
is just a lot of hard work and then
obviously you know we also started the
business within the past year as well
and you know I was personally doing the
customer service but up so I was always
on my phone and you know for a month I
was doing that and then eventually you
know we we grew and now we have a whole
team behind us yeah it is a grind
whoever said it's easy out there
they're lying it is not it's really a
process what makes it easy that we enjoy
doing it yeah we have love for topic how
do you guys under the best supporters in
the entire world and I just don't fit it
just to say I truly mean that and what
we make videos we literally think of you
guys when we think of your faces when we
see you guys you know in the streets
when we go to the grocery store whatever
position that we're in and we meet you
guys you're not other reason why we do
this truly what's really like when we
see your comments and your positive
feedback and some of you guys tell us
that you're you guys are watching us you
know in the hospital beds and you guys
are telling us like what
classy dental work yeah and I'm just
like that this is why we do it this is
the reason why we're doing these videos
like we were destined to meet we were
destined to have which families were
destined to be here they're now invested
to inspire we are destined to be sitting
here in front of the camera Tom you guys
are story and in this whole process
we're still learning we're still rookies
to this YouTube world yeah we have so
much to show you guys and so much to
capture all we know is that we've
incorporated this into our lifestyle is
going to continue to be our lifestyle
because this is what we let's do and
like we always say our dream was to help
people and so this is a platform and
which we're able to do that and we're
forever grateful to be able to do this
as a career is literally the best thing
in the world I couldn't have asked for
something better than this honestly
meaning playing basketball obviously
makes me happy but me doing this makes
me that much more happier yeah cuz we
have to be together I'm going to be
together every day is what my little
princess grow up big picture out of all
this is that we built this platform to
help people to inspire people to bring
awareness to things that are already out
there in this day and age people act
like love doesn't exist or it's
impossible to find love but in reality
love does exist no it's hard for us to
respond to your emails and you're in the
DMS and all your head is commented but
each and every one of your guys's love
and support goes a long ways we can't
explain how much we truly appreciate it
why we left some stuff out but some
stuff out but I feel like maybe we could
always come back into this again and you
guys have any questions obviously ask us
in the comment section we guys just know
anything is possible in anything so
before so help the video I do have to
say if you are part of a family we
appreciate you so much if you are not a
part of the A's family you need to be a
part of a family and if you don't want
to be a part of a family it's okay we're
going to adopt immediately and like we
do at the end of every video before we
close it out we do have to give our
notification
today - do not notification shout out
goes to Ivana Johnson you so much girl
thank you so much for having our post
vacation and on whatever else would like
a post on vacation shout out that are
you going to do just turn on our pulse
on vacations and comment link that's all
you guys in this video is too long for
you and thank you if you watch the video
all the way through and obviously if you
like this video you gotta give a thumbs
up like comment share and subscribe and
let me and my beautiful point always
safe you're back with my videos too
