please sit down a fifth number like we
say time wait what are you okay hey come
back to your town guys what's going on
everybody
so today we will be doing these black
masks
yes we will so we've heard mixed
emotions about this challenge some
people say I heard some people say it
doesn't but for you it doesn't going to
hurt because every time you do something
like this you're always so dramatic and
it always hurts so I'm sure it's gonna
hurt for you true so what we have to do
is oh um so like I was saying what we
have to do is this is called this is
this is it this is yes - tomato
supposedly this is made out of tomato
charcoal for the sentence it is and so
we have to do is put this on our faces
for 10 minutes right put on our face for
10 minutes probably it hardens up and it
takes out the black kids I'm just feelin
I'm very excited to try it because
although this is very fun and
entertaining it's also going to have my
face glowy
grace is already closed oh thank you
thank you thank you I tell you oh yes
you do like I said we're gonna put this
on our face for ten minutes let it dry
up let it harden then we're going to
take it off and see how bad it hurts
that's on your back okay some of your
butt
you should put some on your balls
alright so how we gonna do this I do you
you do me oh I do you you do be so
nervous I mean I do not except do not
get it on hair so if you not get all my
eyebrows do not get it online my
mustache on my chin here
none that for a not hairline okay but
not my hairline I'm not getting in a
asset like like get it all right
are you getting hard right yeah do you
have to look at me space to play more
come more here oh my god this is not
black this is gray very much jumped all
righty can you supply yourself because I
need to focus and do this right I'd like
to see what I look like I know you can
see you said no hair it's like your
eyebrows Oh get off Wow big a deal look
at my eye bro you sure to ruin my life
great it really worked it off yeah I did
it I think DL he just can't get it on
your eye please be careful be careful
than that okay I think it's supposed to
be a little thicker you see right here
fine oh hell no you gotta get that oh
okay you're not touched not area dude I
told you I breakout right here you know
you just got a glob it on how are you
gonna be treating my face
you just gonna just hang all right honey
boo boo let me just put this on mm-hmm
that's cool good you got here so I can
literally put it all over your face a
part where you have hairs in your chin
you know what I love you still
oh yeah god damn Harley's still so
beautiful with this on you can go out
like this
and people be like people wouldn't cover
when you say you look gorgeous do you
feel hard or not he also white doing it
like that okay you're gonna rub it on
all right I'm gonna string and do a
gentle feel it like a king does it sting
for you wait this is like why didn't you
say anything because they want you to
know if you look like pudding
you look like a dinosaur you would like
somebody on to you you need a drink more
water you stop saying that bro your live
site behind it I can do like a vision
I came in drinking money
I need a Childre Rocher Rosalie Tommy
chummy all right we did it
so now we have to wait 10 minutes
was it Holly say 10 minutes later
alright guys so since we're waiting here
for our mouths to dry and talk I'm sorry
it's when we still come on bro you're
supposed to want to dry it is Ryan mud
kiss it with me Thank You complication
which on a front you me trying to kiss
me 24/7 when I boo-boo
when I cut everything alright let's try
it again
ready mud kid no no kiss me like you
mean it I can't because it's gonna get
all over you and it hurts - not as a
drawing that's entering are waiting for
our face to dry for a masks to harden we
just want to tell you guys a little
something Matt we love you guys I do and
well no but honestly tomorrow Ryan he
left yesterday last yesterday morning so
he's back in Tampa with his eye surgery
being complete so he couldn't be any
happier all he kept saying was wow thank
you thank you thank you thank you thank
you honestly so motivated now he texted
me today and he was like I'm so
motivated you've no idea and he's
actually looking forward to moving out
to LA in the future so we're going to be
helping him with that and he also was
saying how he couldn't be more thankful
for you guys for the a same way that he
couldn't stop reading some of the
messages in the comments because they
were so inspiring to him so thank you so
much for that because that really helped
him in more ways than you guys even know
obviously everyone goes through personal
things in their lives and you know we
all do and so did he and so for him to
see all the positive comments and those
positive things really affected him so
thank you so much for that yes and
obviously thank you for always showing
us love and support we couldn't thank
you guys enough we appreciate you so
let's um let's do something we should
like to do right now
yes what oh shit am I doing wrong
he's an awesome huh even like an old for
all we have frickin toad do you look
like
Lissie like it Oh - problems holding
Fred - freaking giant come on those darn
age oh you know in a hurry attained you
look like a small yeah I gotta think
real good-looking really you look like
fucking arse Allah
let me see you leave me LLL ever like a
daily party if you like ugly party oh
shit yeah if only for have a picture you
lassie hasn't come up with google ugly
for you be like I know you look like cuz
the camera was just all but you turned
it back on me Shelby when I look like
nasty I've been thinking for about an
hour
no I was being you I don't feel like two
seconds what I look like
hey look like molds looking yeah who
says that little turn the camera back
off I'll get about five more minutes and
we're back as you can see it didn't work
on her it's like there's like no opening
when yours is like oh my gosh you're
just peeling off
Oh hard oh my nose hurts why are you
looking away from your face why is yours
like your best friend staying oh this is
what I don't understand look there's
like literally no opening here I didn't
work for you awesome
all right so let's kill yours Michael is
my first slow wait I need some kind of
like a napkin or something these low
slow calm down hurt it's doing to calm
down not gonna hurt a little bit you can
see this doesn't hurt it wasn't for this
very ah it hurts a little bit God yeah
it's a little bit actually crowd feels
good wasn't her shit didn't know why is
it mine do enough oh look what Oh Nile
has like a wrinkly fart now I'll have to
say is whoever said this hurt why is it
not hurt it's a little bit though
it doesn't feel good Amir to move it
guys well whoever does this challenge
please do not get this brand you do not
do not get the tomato you're never going
to see all the comments - right well we
got the wrong one sorry for that but
it's okay because we got yeah we tried a
family peeling look alright so before we
close today's video we do have to give
our notification shout out today - who
does - Trevor stand society's Trevor's
shout to you bro thank you so much for
having our pulse notifications turned on
whatever else would like a post on
vacation shout out all you have to do is
turn on our post vacations and comment
when we're done and obviously guys you'd
like this video you got to give it a
thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
make sure you guys take some screech
yeah take some screenshots and tweet us
I don't want to see them on Instagram
I'll pop those on my feet
Oh clicking it right now you look like a
fart right now you see what you look
like you look like a masterpiece
mm thank you and like me and my
beautiful queen always say we'll be back
with more videos peace
