someone told me never solo movies don't
exist in real life today
hey MA welcome back to China what's
going on everybody so if you watched
yesterday's video you know that today is
Ryan's examination day you nervous bro
yeah apparently they poke you in the eye
are a family makes you keep watches so
we can take you on the journey with us
robotic a word excited anymore I'm just
taking this in second by second cousin
took the first big family
yes mr. Ganesh apart we be better
brothers
blinken open this would be a big clash
of life as
why are you and me okay I know
I didn't attack
right we are a visit surgery yeah I'll
see you really all right
different let's play you Brian my last
test actually involve touching the front
of the other
it was annoying that was the numbing
skin so with the eyes now you're not
going to feel this test where they do is
anything the matter you wanted okay yes
so how long is it surgery for each time
so the impacts is that's what we end up
doing here tomorrow impact is about six
or seven minutes
karai and stay focused on lungs okay
okay SARS is all yours bunk
all right telephone me together good job
thanks for helping me out in them it was
actually a good copy so far so good
yeah thanks because you're a buddy price
for I don't know oh we're out in the big
bucks today dr. bride allysa yeah he's
going to take a closer look at
everything so we come in here in just a
little bit so has it sunk in yet Brooke
this is like the new dozen stories in
life
how do you how do you know where I'm at
right now and mom it's crazy because you
know this is something that you know I
hold it the truth is inspire people
because um our religion is Praeger or
whether it's like I mean I'm emitting
energy at energies out to the universe
but it literally just happened because I
literally asked her like I swear on
everything I love I just asked it and
sometimes I feel like this is like a but
like a learning experience for me to
actually understand my power as a human
being to attract things I want you know
and and how am i doing that it's just my
pure intentions of wanting a better life
for myself and through my struggle I
know that it is the people and it makes
an extended the people so so when you
see Brian Walker what are you gonna say
to him what I seen it
I'll do my paintings I'm doing actions
speak louder doors right maybe tell me
lo I think okay okay I'll pick them up
like this so after you get to surgery
how do you think your life will be
different I think that's going to be
different and so that I'll be able to be
more connected to everything because I
got right now I'm first for those who
have perfect vision and have really
never have experienced what it is like
to have bad vision and nonetheless
horrible vision it kind of feels like
you are driving in a car and it's
storming outside in your when your when
your windshield wiper motion and and you
still can't see anything and you're and
you're just moving with caution so it's
like a constant uncertainty this is
constant the guarantees constant you
don't know where someone's whipping at
you and talking to you you know time is
when all times when like you are talking
to me and and when it comes to to
language you kind of have to like look
at some of the lips as you look under
eyes and like because I mean I don't
even know all that I the only way I know
what autonomy this take on my name is
Ryan okay the tendons right now come on
baby so it's going to change the sense
that I can make eye contact you know and
right away I feel like that's the most
beautiful part of being human decisions
I come factory right right so more
convector it really is so it's like yeah
see more connected with strangers you
know like I'm not going to walk around
like what this wall up and email me to
the like
be on guard
so tell me how you been since the last I
saw you it's been up and down behind to
recognize your tongue it I get
emotionally yeah vision why is that I
don't know whether it's like I became
more aware of it but it's just like I
just had people say with everything
here's your notes so because of the care
comments that you have I'm going to take
a look at your eye and I'm going to
explain to you how we can get things
better again for your time functioning
keep people doing your arts
of crime
plays I think about keratoconus is it's
like having a hernia like instead of
returning in your groin which is
weakened bulging out on the action so
we're going to do two things first is
we're going to do Holcomb t3 are it's
going to reinforce the collagen so that
everything long-term remain stable okay
and our success rate is 99.3% now you
have a role also after we're done
there's three things of a reminder thing
is you can help because like the
confrontation and the wanted jumper of
your eyes like this when you rub like
this you're actually rubbing on your
cornea underneath your eye so don't do
that type of open that's really bad
because the friction on the I kinda
cornea back and weak in the collagen the
second thing is when you're outside and
should then have an wearing wraparound
Sun left yeah I just like regularly
players I would like to kind of hundred
day the reason is that especially back
in Florida like the Sun in the tent but
really anywhere so if you were a regular
sunglasses you still get tons of Sun
that is coming around at the edge of
your sunglasses hitting your heart and
that sunlight is really intense
particularly social violence so strong
just like it causes skin cancer and
aging and wrinkles and
and all that stuff the halogen is the
LED damages according to eventually get
a good night in children with not dark
but fidgety net hug but they'll fill by
going to maybe in there yeah you can get
like yellow lenses orange or amber color
don't get those darken third thing is is
I want you to check your card because a
lot of cars and it's a big study that we
published last year most cars have
really bad side window you need
protection even if they came a factory
in we publish that in the major journal
and actually all over the movie ever
said completely since appear in your
party to protect it when in fact since
that was a big deal yeah so much so we
made these these cards these are likely
be testers and this white strip will
turn purple and hold that outside to the
Sun so you see what the movie does to it
this is a little fun home experiment for
any available to do this you can contact
your office here and then we use that
there's a lot of people want to get
because everything about keeping it able
Holcomb CPR is a half an hour procedure
its non-invasive and when they recover
now in your case we're going to combine
in a few impact that's a little curved
segments and
because underneath the surface of the
cornea it goes under the surface and it
actually helps to push back the part of
the village of Decatur comments not all
of it in your case but part of the voice
so that will help you to see better and
also the way the Intex work it's a
seven-minute procedure the way I do I
have the longest experience in the world
doing intact now 15 years I'm fine
you're in humans for teratomas break
characters in the three stages mild
moderate advanced regular so you're sort
of in the moderate end of things we will
hire moderate so with what we're doing
will be able to bring it back down to a
lower range so that'll communion can get
better vision and also a better vision
click laughter and then contacted run
right out after but because I do know
that I said what would I like real
artists like there's a lot but I didn't
every really good yeah because you know
what you're doing that you're actually
appreciable while you're covering harder
with their comments which I will so the
key thing though that when we're done
you don't have to worry about forming
translator
a lot of people are told about an
immediate transplant or just wait for
that that after a transplant and you
know I used to do putting transplants
early in my career and that's why the
quality presenter pain the red candidate
for surgery and imitating paper if it is
dead person cadavers claim to run
employed in when you have the rejection
rate infection when the attachment
lineman trips and very long recovery
but people are told all the times we
just about transplant and you know you
won't need to worry about that when
we're done and that'll bring you in your
family said yeah yeah well done is a
very positive support figure that a good
take-home message here is the earlier
keratoconus is treat it after diagnosis
the better oh no again what i huh my
camera not school schools in okay you
guys are under more catherine is she is
keeping Ella bath right now so she
couldn't be here for the last segment of
the video but uh let's get back to it i
bro so how do you think your examination
went today
I think it was really good on the only
things like health kind of shocked to
find out that my I was just worse than
it is
and also decided to be that bad because
when we walked in there will be
something like a five-year-old
like going through yeah they're like a
little five-year-old I was just going
through just went to the surgery and it
was always jumping around - mom oh no
whole freaking atomically of office
using for the app you can do it you can
do it like even like on top of that like
for me even being candidate to get the
surgery done is a blessing in themselves
because they're still out there and that
that all they have what I have and they
just can't have the surgery due to fact
that their eyeballs are being healthy
because on they make you go through a
whole bunch of tests anybody like you
Boston Kathryn just saw me go to make
through like four more machine to the
nourishing to their mission they're like
all robots attracts them around my
higher than and that's how I find out
that whether you're Canada and thank God
that I'm actually able to receive
surgery
and lastly um I want to dress probably
the biggest factors that is that
constitutes towards this whole success
and you guys that he's family because I
have seen on all the comments and
honestly relative covers quite a big
thing because it's so positive and full
of that it really does fuel me to get
through this and to to just follow my
dreams now and you know everyone has an
obstacle once everyone has personal
obstacles and I'm here sitting down
right now telling you whoever is
watching this that no matter what you're
going through and I'm telling you like
has a living specimen that you can get
through it you really can and all you
gotta do is be part of a family filming
they're going admit role that a family
is something says it's something so
special like I haven't done that like
might like be able to going crazy right
now
and yes it's all beautiful all you guys
are so beautiful people and this earth
is blessed to have you guys and Justin
just know that you are all unique all is
all special and and I do read all of
them and I can't really get back to
every single one of you but this is it
right now
every single one of you that I'm
grateful for you awesome is capturing as
L is absolutely is - she's even going
yet but you pretty much just stole the
words rather my mouth you guys already
know how much
Katherine and I and L appreciate you
guys so much before we close out today's
video we do have to give a notification
shout out today - it was I actually put
experience under this he did he was in
the office while we were waiting for I
was going to the Commons and I guess
this one's oh they all stand out but
this one just like stood out
Kiki me 94 angel shout to girl thank you
so much for having our protocol
indications turned on this is her
comment that she wrote to us it's so
funny because I've always heard other
youtubers and their subscribers talk
about the ACE family and for me when
everyone is talking about a big-time
youtuber from past videos of others
they're so stuck-up bougie and need to
get a reality check for months I've been
seeing in my recommendation section the
ACE family never clicked on a video
until a couple weeks ago now realize
your family is the most intact bull kind
hearted and not to mention sexy queen it
is just a beautiful bombshell she's
smart caring and loving and you guys
were meant to be by the way I cried like
a baby
congratulations Ryan I pray all those
well maybe too early seeing that it's
only a few weeks but I love you a family
under your much that's a great comment
like Ryan said you guys all give us
positive comments and ongoing positive
love people cannot every single one
every single comment if I can job the
gas and if you feel it really is and you
guys know whoever else like a north
kitchen shadow all you have to do is
turn on our poles on vacations and
comment plan and like me and my
beautiful brother-in-law soon-to-be
brother-in-law and soon-to-be
being taking the life should always say
bloom Agri more videos Oh even one
