well guys you know if you put some work
into Tim and it's nice outside you got
to be yourself a favor and jump in the
pool
so Austin recently got these foaming
sugar scrubs from Bath & Body Works for
Father's Day I was real oh I don't have
anyone here mama give this to Daddy yeah
thank you give it the daddy come on I
like me a lot my body here thank you
Oh baby okay strike here how are you
bein oh ha ha you have to get like nail
polish remover okay awesome Rizzo you
can't take it nail polish off in the
shower with water all your Eminem's are
gone I'm sorry we have a film away you
missed some huh
you better stop trying to pick up a
little leftover piece of girl princess
you ready to go to Costco we're gonna
make some runs
you ready come on let's go ooh you're
looking kind of dirty actually let's
change the outfit honey you looking
dirty you want to wear this huh you want
to wear this okay let me put it on for
you you put it on for you here right
here beautiful now we got to do
something with this hair one two three
much better
dang who did that you want to read books
before you leave pick a book out pick a
book out oh my gosh l did you do that
come some sort of run from the situation
come back here so I just realized I was
wearing this shirt right now who
remembers all of them my favorite would
probably have to be
Yoshii Yoshii are told what you guys
think comment below who your favorite is
and in the meantime we'll catch you guys
at Costco wait which one is our camera
this one is arcane
that one right there Oh will it lost you
guys me we almost lost you guys and
found you what I was a close call
almost lost you there we are now in
Costco as you can see and we got a
couple things to grab we'll get the
ground
Cypress paper but we just discover that
al has a new favorite toy this is her
first favorite toy ever and it's her
baby
it's called the S and you want to show
them Kobol yes whispers yeah okay what a
name what a name is a your bf Oh kit Oh
cuties check paper towels check for the
paper check fruit snacks check menem's
ah ah we don't need no more mm sample
check
medium-sized buns check like that you
guys can have the baby to have the baby
see you later okay bye
why are you looking at her like that
while you look second are a family so we
just got home and I know you guys are
probably wondering what happened to my
pet snake well the good news is I found
him a new home the bad news is he still
has an 8 from what I heard from you
guys's comments people were saying how
like he's in the process of shedding
that's why he's not eating right now
hopefully after he's done shedding he'll
be our hallo homey
I'm gonna miss you man and take you out
so I could say my goodbyes bye little
homie I'm gonna miss you all right you'd
be good now you're gonna always be a
part of the eighth family be nice you're
too aggressive keep back
you're crazy go go home go home too
aggressive you're gonna take yourself
get back get back
say goodbye for your ma huh mom huh
be nice no not a kiss because you try to
do hook all you want to get a toy are
you so sweet look he likes you look you
likes you
look at looking for you look II love you
Oh Oh be nice to him pigeon my kisses
just touch up be sweet there you go
wow you did it I'll bow to you Oh hehe
we're gonna miss him huh he's gonna
always be a part of a family know that
okay cool
beh beh please before he leaves the
family please just you haven't got a
chance to touch them or hold on
see what I wouldn't care for me baby no
for me staring at me I know for me
please the just hold him and I'll take
him from you right away yeah I know but
he loves you he loves you just like I
love you baby
better even though you're going away to
someone else just know you'll always be
a part of a family say goodbye to your
fellow a family members give them a kiss
just like L does besitos goodbye young
fella I will see you soon farewell Oh
age family time to get ready for bed I'm
talking to you by Beth Ellen hi ready
you ready 1 2 3
you ready to read your book before we go
to bed just read your book where is it
it's over here
let's read your book ok which one we
going to read tonight
that one here let's see something
where's the puppy where the prepare yes
roof rip where is he where's the puppy
where's the puppy no that's not the
puppy where's the puppy where's the cat
yeah where's the cat do the next page
okay Oh guys I'm exhausted we're
exhausted and I'll be honest I kind of
like this little trucker hat it's not an
ace hat and I feel bad for wearing it
but I do like this hat and it's like a
little trucker hats dope we're gonna try
to get some for you guys cuz I like
these if you guys will wear these hats
just calling below we're going to work
on getting them for you guys so before
we go to sleep Katherine and I randomly
I will stock our ace family members in
order for us to do that you have to be
following us on Instagram so if you do
not follow us make sure you do so here's
my Instagram as you can see in the
acharn Mun damn phone but all I have is
my queen and my princess on here
and here's Catherine's Instagram pretty
much the same thing beautiful pictures
how am I follow us go stalk our pages so
calm and go like or blow up for
notifications be annoying and we're
going to talk to you guys back we're
gonna go show love so make sure page is
not on private I repeat
make sure your page is not on private
who are you talking to who is ahead when
you talking to a dispatcher best time to
be on the phone oh I better not be a
voice thank you guys so much for tuning
in as always we appreciate you guys
before we close out the video we do have
to give her a notification shout out
today - who's the shadow go to who's the
chef out go to ah
alright the shadow goes to huh
no furrow the shadow go to that bad
who the shadow go to it is a person a
username under the Munchkins and after
that I said that it says done I think
I'm sensation
okay cat that took a screenshot her name
is the Munchkins yeah shout out to you
the Munchkins thank you so much have an
hour pull from vacations turned on
whoever else like a poster the case is
shout out you guys should already know
to do make sure you subscribe to our
Channel and turn on our pool
certifications and comment when done
right and like me of my beautiful
princess and my naked clean over there
is called hop in the shower always say
what do we always say really good we'll
be back with more videos peace
