come sit down a fifth number like we say
time ready try to go potty you ready to
try to go potty huh
can we go potty please you ready look at
that hair
all that hair let me fix it come on oh
hey let mommy do your hair please what
she does to me every day this is why our
hair is always good okay you don't care
how the a family members see you
you don't care okay okay okay so you can
have crazy hair huh thank you very thank
you thank you thank you very so proud of
you we get your hair to pee what do you
want to talk to them yeah you talk to
them okay you talk to them oh thank you
is that a kid a little prison kid
I know the camera is go potty you want
to show them it's you're a big girl we
need to go potty for the first time a
Stanley's gonna witness let's do it
let's try come on okay mommy's going to
film it swear this firm and then you're
gonna sit on the toilet net
okay come on the folder so Patti come on
let's go come on Hey look the mommy okay
mommy
Oh mother has to go poopoo lucky she has
to go poopoo are you you comfortable now
huh good job every almost going not yet
it's okay take your time we all
sometimes have to take our time it takes
a minute for it to come out so just take
your time do the wiggle do the wiggle my
mommy taught you how to do the wiggle oh
yeah a likkle do the wiggle do the
wiggle do it
suck it good there you go good it got
illegal okay okay it's okay
next time almost next time time we go
baby's name okay okay
next time still proud of you for trying
okay love you
so obviously guys L is not potty trained
just yet still learning only one she
just turn one so if we just keep
introducing the whole process to her
eventually she's going to get it and
next thing you know we're going to turn
around and she going be pooping and
peeing so can't wait for that moment but
in the meantime I do want to share
something with you all but for those who
follow me on snapchat and for those who
are constantly watching our videos you
know I have a pet snake and I would be
honest I do not know what to do with it
for those who follow me on snapping know
I tried feeding him the mice and he
refused to eat it like they became best
friends were just taking naps and
together so what I'm going to do is I'll
show you guys him what I look at that
yeah but um he didn't eat him for
whatever reason super cool he's a Python
he gets super big well instead of
returning him where I got him I'm going
to give him up for adoption to one of
our ace handed members so whoever is
interested just slide in my bm's
and let me know if you'd be interested
in having him it's going to be really
hard for me to pick someone happy
because yeah it has to be in the LA area
and it's going to be hard for me to know
that you're going to actually take care
of him because I just can't have him be
tortured or be not said so if you're
going to actually take care of him and
actually want him to be a part of your
family then please by all means DME and
we can somehow work it out to where you
can pick it up or I'll chop it off to
you because I wanted him to be a part of
our family but it's just not going to
work we're just too busy and he's not
eating hopefully you guys can get him to
eat so there's like several reasons why
I was not eating my third said really
why I want me the temperature to being
the fact that yeah see oh there's a
bunch of reasons why and I just don't
have time to figure out what it is when
you put the mouse in there he was alive
and then how come well I was literally
fine on a nice day yeah tweet obviously
the snake killed him you not pretending
to be dead
so you just saving him for another day I
don't know but like enjoy poor or big
day also the snake might be like
preparing to shed so like when they shed
okay obviously she's done her research
so I think you should take care of it
well I usually I'm like holding him like
I said for those who follow me on
snapchat I'm usually like holding him
and playing with him but right now I'm
kind of here to hold him because I know
he's hungry and he might just bite me
and I'm not going for that thanks if
you're interested is DME and we'll
figure all right guys I just want to
give you guys a quick skin update so
basically this is what my skin looks
like right now
yeah really cool so right now it is kind
of peeling it's in like its first
peeling stage and it's not that soul
anymore but it feels like really tight
and I've had this real all night so yeah
but although I got a school for them I
got a coconut oil love is not cool we
are cruel love is not a game we have
made it a game out of love hey I like
that I like this hey it's called milk
and honey
this is it right here and yeah I think
you guys would really like this so check
it out all right guys here's another
quote that I like so it says don't
mistake salt for sugar if he wants to be
with you
he will it's that simple are some glad
we got that all straightened out so now
we got some good news for you guys
as you guys know you also you want to
talk to him okay go ahead you talk to
him what you have to say oh you always
give them kisses y'all so like I was
saying we give notification shoutouts
the end of our videos for those people
who have our falsifications turned on
right and we're going to continue doing
that but to add a little bit of icing on
the cake we are very blessed and
fortunate to have our own hat business
and for those people who don't know that
we have a hat business you can find it
right here and the link will be in the
description as always and the fact that
we are able to do whatever we want with
it we are going to start giving out a
few hats each month for those people who
subscribe as well as turn our pulse
notifications of it we're going to
continue giving our daily shoutouts and
on top of that we're also going to be
choosing a few people each month to give
out some hats too so like for example we
got this little beautiful pineapple hat
we got this cross hat WWJD we got this
here Buddha I love it I love it and we
also L threw the other one over here we
also have this here Rose hat yeah dig
and not to mention our damn closet let
me show you a quick little preview of
the hat collection real quick this is
absolutely ridiculous this is absolutely
ridiculous
so as you can see these are all ace hats
we don't want nothing but a Satz Lincoln
bio hello so yeah we have a bunch of hat
so many to choose from if you're a hat
theme like we are should definitely
check out our website we got something
for you
we got something for you and that's the
thing is like we understand that some
people aren't able to afford our hats so
as long as you just show love
and continue to show love and you're
part of a family you definitely have a
chance to win a hat the biggest thing
for us that we want everyone like
everyone was a part of a family to be
able to own an ace at and as you guys
know Katherine and I enjoy giving back
and making people at amuq honey thank
you Sam were you looking cute oh hell no
you looking like somebody auntie she
really does show something off much is
beautiful like always
maybe I hat no I love it like that
alright so gang strong careful my Moscow
alright guys a bunch of aggressive oh
shut up
guys we just got a dingdong ditched and
that's scary because we live in a like
condo apartment building and you cannot
get in without being led in by security
so that's kind of scary
what are you doing huh what the hell is
it
Simmons go grab her pepper spray why are
you even going outside don't even go out
there we think in someone being dumb
dishes as a package
what it is Center 56 sorry long despised
what the hell look a revolver would open
it for us which I'll be careful I'm up
thank you mama Danny strong Chan strong
ding dang he's job you are something no
I didn't except you both orders oh
nice home oh oh oh oh we cannot show
them just yeah guys I'm sorry that just
happened but we have something that's in
the works that's for you guys so we
can't show you just yet so make sure you
stay tuned for that now why are you
crawling
should I bring out the uber goobers
today
hey I think I should the uber goobers is
that's like five why this part is like
purple right are they hot babe
yes I'm talking my new shoes there they
are
oh yeah a sandal you up what the hell
are your news
what are those really are those a wiffle
ball shoes what foam ball yeah have you
look like wiffle ball
let me see the Crocs those are cute
though are you some hobbies when I was
younger
oh oh yeah hitter a host big over Q a
daughter and daddy swag Sean we're
walking to get breakfast guys she looks
she's happy
she likes to put her light on the side
we head to London
our guys will see you at breakfast
you kill all that apple juice huh here
hey you're a big girl how you drink all
that apple juice alright wait that's how
you know that YouTube stuff I just now
got a notification for pregnancy rizzo
what made that like a month ago I know
so you're sure I found some bacon damn
girl you taking bacon home what you
saving up for later
should we go surprise grandma works you
want to see she's at the gym thank you
let's go see put your honest opinion on
she's here
I see your car grandma's here the
surprise er say thank you grandma thank
you put a shoe you like all right guys
I'm not sure if I showed you any of my
mom's gym but this is one of them it is
called
the transformation center kitty can you
can you turn the light on for me so I
can show them the gym real quick since
I've never showed them before a family
members of you are into working out or
if you need to work out I suggest you
come to one of my mom's gyms it is
called a transformation center she has
one in Woodland Hills
what's other spots Woodland Hills
Simi Valley thousand old Chatsworth all
over the place and they're all called
the transformation center right the camp
transformation center let me show you
guys a quick little preview real quick
quick little preview real quick you know
this place changes lives so if you want
your life to be changed just come here
and get a quick little workout if you're
interested you like working out come
check it out and I'll make sure my momma
hooks you up to say you're part of a
thing okay cool come on let's go get a
quick little workout let's go we're
gonna hit the ropes
let's hit the ropes
your turn
let's go okay thank you
you gotta get muscle okay Queens turn
looks good let's get it really working
work them arms let's go let's go good
good good good good good good
oh you dick tired okay that's gay good
good
to push up let's go push up show them
how you do push up you got do push up
good job guys she's obsessed with this
place so as you guys can see we need to
be more calm more work not just with a
little bit alright guys well that's
going to close out the video for today
but before we close it out we do have to
give her a notification shot up today
too
latarian Wallis shell to you bro thank
you so much for having our post
notifications whoever else would like a
post of a shout out all you have to do
is turn our post on vacations and
comment when done and like me and my
beautiful Queen always say me and my
beautiful killing queen even though
she's beautiful while she's peeling
always say we'll be back with more
videos peace
hahaha
