someone told me they don't exist in real
life
hey family so as you guys can tell by
the video caption today I'm going to be
doing a prank on Austin if you guys saw
our last video Austin posted a video of
him and Allen they were talking and they
were basically just telling you guys
that we're going to be with that we were
going to be filming in film next Tuesday
which would be the day after tomorrow
and the reason why is because I stupidly
got a chemical facial and I got really
slow and I got this crazy nergic
reaction on my face and now my face is
like really tight because I'm going to
start peeling actually tomorrow so I'm
like you know what I don't look bad
anymore and I'm feeling good and I'm
just going to prank him when you least
expect it so basically what I came up
with was I prank on Austin telling him
that I'm going to be deported to Canada
now a lot of you guys know I'm actually
Canadian and I've been doing my
citizenship journey you know for the
past couple of months I'm actually
waiting on my last letter which states
my appointment dates for my test now
some of you guys know that this takes a
couple months sometimes Austin doesn't
know that this actually takes six months
so when I decided to do was I made I
actually made a deportation order a
letter with my name on it the date last
week's date and where I'm being deported
to which would be to Canada which is
right there
so obviously this is a whole load of BS
this isn't real this isn't true at all
but he doesn't know that and I'm going
to be getting him with this awesome
prank so basically I'm going to print
this out I'm actually at Kinkos right
now I'm going to print it out I'm going
to fold it up put it into a letter and
I'm going to pick him up and tell him
hey I just got this letter read this
what do we do I'm getting deported back
to Canada what the hell you know do we
do I'm freaking out so we'll see you the
reaction I think this will be a really
cool video just because I've never seen
anyone doing video like this I know he's
never seen anyone do a video like this
so he's not going to be expecting it at
all especially because we weren't
supposed to be filming today so yeah
let's see how this goes I'm honestly
really nervous that I feel like this is
going to be a really good video
wish me luck in the comments I love you
guys so much and yeah alright guys so I
just got the mail so this is all the
mail that I just got from our mailbox
and then I also have the deportation
letter right over here so this is it it
just printed it out it looks good enough
I knew I wouldn't fall for this but it
was good enough so I just took Elle's
car seat out and put it in the back so
I'm going to place the camera and then
I'm just going to wait for Austin to get
in here so you should be down here
basically right after I text him so let
me go sit that up alright guys so he's
about to get here I place the camera up
there but it was way too obvious so I
just put it down here and I think that
will work way better so now I'm just
waiting for him to get here okay guys is
coming
okay so you know how I'm treating
friends water for immigrations we got it
so I don't know if I'm reading this
right but I think I am and I don't know
hopefully good or bad basically it's
saying I'm getting deported not to get a
show
so it says right
I'm freaking out of it
what does it mean I guess like that's
like my deprecation order and it's like
my case summers right there and
basically sustaining that okay
so you know how the reason why I started
doing my citizenship was because my
residency is going to acquire it because
it's almost ten years well I guess I
read it wrong and it's already been ten
years and since I don't have my
citizenship yet that means that I'm
getting deported
what
I don't understand this how do you know
didn't say what do you mean it's over
sir the above main person is of a
prohibited class describe number title
516 general immigration inspection
soccer all these numbers mean I don't
know but I get I guess that's what it
means it means that I'm getting deported
when we look at all the holds 516 and
here it says the above-named person's
current citizenship status is hereby
revoked the person is ordered to tain
deported to the above-named destination
country I have no idea
it's from immigration Norma number we
can call fuck
you can't contact them no we can't
contacting people numbers long I reach I
call so one of the main like means I
would have to move to Canada I can't
live here oh hell no no so what they're
going to come find you and then ship you
back what the hell no that means it just
means that I have to go or I go to jail
I can't be here
how do they know you're here I think
know where you are right now
they don't even know we get it higher
always high
they can't find you they gonna do but
each house out here and find you doesn't
make any sense
doesn't make any sense
stupid we just moved into our new place
now that we live in Canada
hell no doesn't make any sense
we're gonna or in a comfortable you see
what the hell is it she commonly
yeah I mean I like I do everything right
I pay my taxes yeah we do everything by
the books everything is taken care of I
don't understand like oh my gosh
everything has been going so good and
like we don't need no negativity ever
and whatever that can I mean uh where's
the number those are happening so
instant contractors now on the hell he
portation ordered what the hell like how
long has this was in the mill I don't
know if it was sent out dude first last
week ten days ago it's a long time so
they're probably like looking for you
right now
not only oh my gosh
all right well let's see what your
lawyer says but the meantime we got it
we have you're gonna have to hide why
you should not be out like you should
stay now we're not going to can't even
call it is in Canada
hell no we're not going we're staying
sorry I don't know who the hell this is
what freaking famous Thai staying here
we're staying here I'm sorry so what I'm
just enough to go on myself with all
because I'll legally his Canadian bylaws
Canadian John's gonna leave me well you
have to come with us we our family is
not going to Canada we're not going
whoever the hell this person is a
synthesis fucking was it named Jerry or
some shit fucking assess Jerry right
there he's an officer like you like the
person who's like scientific well tell
Jerry fucking you're staying in here in
California in LA we're calling Jerry
where are we get inside we're going to
call we're going to find the number
whatever the fuck this is and we're
staying here we're gonna hide and stay
here fuck it what is what is this what's
up Stan what I say seventh
you see what you see that little in
writing my diameter not really tiny
right there you see that why people
leave me fucked up guys you believe me
you're you are a part of this too
that's crazy team calendar and I got to
tell you guys I forgot to tell you guys
I just uh
god damn why so little almost fishy
about this bullshit oh it look old fixed
why am I so old
that's why I was wondering when the hell
in the prime let me show y'all if we had
a move to Canada my finger hurts like
yeah we had a movie Canada he'll know
he'll know we stand here Babette we
staying right here with a family this
actually does look so funny human wanna
make sure they saw it's right there this
is stealin Catherine thought of that
though it looks like I look like a
genius it looked like the other like it
was part of like the stamp or some no
one's gonna be like what is that saying
yeah I mean what wasn't I got that I got
you did I really get you yeah you got me
in blood that's not funny you know I had
other type as I started to feel that
you're like getting really thanks I know
I know that's this man it's definitely
not funny that's real life like we're
sit here waiting to see like what
happens like that's real life that's
something it really happens you have to
hide if we split up we have to hide yeah
oh well I'm not gonna find honey out
here and we're not going back y'all
ain't going back
that's crazy I got some video I I
thought we were filming till tomorrow so
after tomorrow day after tomorrow's
Monday yeah exactly a couple days all
right wall just for that that's crazy
all right that's cool hey family can't
believe you guys are a part of that you
guys knew this whole time I didn't tell
me okay I got something coming for you
it's team Austin I'll make sure you like
this video give it a thumbs up comment
okay this is my video make sure you guys
like this video comment like share and
subscribe and like me and my Queen
always things we'll be back with more
videos back with all videos let us be
