someone told me never saw
please don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
look this guy high-test your limit
you feel like stop incredible most there
I can see I'm sorry
hey hey you're new to our channel make
sure you hit that subscribe button and
join your family
alright family I need you guys to come
in and sit down for a second we got to
talk about something I want to first
start off by saying that this message
goes to obviously you ace family members
so you all can obviously understand what
this message is about this message also
goes out to Team YouTube as well as
Susan and what I've been hearing and
seeing is that Susan as well as Robert I
didn't forget about you Robert you guys
have been saying something along the
lines of you guys would like to have
more of a relationship with your
creators you guys would like to hear
more from us and get our feedback so
that's exactly what I'm going to do here
I'm going to try to get as straight to
the point as I possibly can without
saying too much because we all know as
traitors there is a lot a lot to say and
talk about on this topic alright guys so
Katherine I woke up this morning a
little disappointed we realized that in
our last video our comments were
disabled we weren't disappointed that
our comments were disabled we're
disappointed the fact that there's been
an ongoing issue with our channel
whether that be comments being disabled
videos being flagged monetization is
being turned off the list goes on not
just as of recent but ever since
Katherine I first started this channel
we have been having ongoing issues we
have never addressed this issue before
but this issue has been reoccurring on
the regular and I know we're not the
only channel that this happens to but
with that being said a we are a family
channel B we have friendly content
suitable for our audience which is you
guys are ace family members and see we
don't partake in any drama
we don't talk negative about anyone ace
family you know this channel is probably
the most positive channel on YouTube I
mean I'm not gonna see her in act like
our channel is a cartoon show I make us
every now and then but I do in a funny
way it's all part of my personality I'm
not just like fuck you know I'm more
like fuck so at the end of the day all
we're asking for is just a little bit of
help as creators we all know how hard it
is to get in contact with YouTube or
anyone involved with YouTube so this
morning when I was a little disappointed
I decided to tweet at Susan for those
who don't know who Susan is this is her
right here she is the CEO of YouTube and
we love her so I tweeted this give you
guys a couple seconds to read that my
family and I the ACE family we would
greatly appreciate it if we could talk
to you about how us as career
could help solve these issues from the
outside and having something minor like
our comments being disabled doesn't seem
like that much of an issue to you but
it's because little stuff like that
discourages the creator it can cause a
creator to be very hesitant about what
they can and can't put on YouTube which
causes them not to be as consistent you
get one creator after another feeling
the same way then you're left with not
as many videos being posted which at the
end of the day isn't good for anyone as
creators we all know there's a lot that
goes into this conversation and I'm
obviously not gonna make a 30-minute
video regarding this but I just wanted
to give our concern hopefully Susan
responds to my tweet it's been five
hours and I still have not got a
response I know she has a lot going on
YouTube has recently been changing
everyday but to speed up the process I
think you guys should tweet her if you
go to my Twitter you will find her my
recent tweets just tweet her saying the
ace family would love to sit down and
talk to you and if she isn't a part of
the ACE family we would love for her to
join the family and the overall goal
here is to obviously meet with her but
to really figure out what we need to do
on our side to make sure little shit
like this like the disabled comments
like the videos being flagged like the
monetization being turned off how little
shit like that how it can be minimized
because we all know it's not gonna never
happen so yeah hopefully she accepts so
we get to know her she can get to know
us and we can all be on the same page
and be a happy family
all righty that's pretty much it let's
Sun and get into today's video where are
my girls at have you guys seen my girls
what's calling right now
hello never were you up I'm parking at
Chase right now and then I'll be home
soon I just got some cookies that I've
been creamy Shh
you got some cookies you and your
pregnancy shit huh yeah I'll see a
little bit well you got some for me
right yeah I got you cookies like you
the ones that you like and I got you
Ronnie
oh my gosh II love you so much I'll see
a little bit let me feedback who she
bought daddy some good news a hey all
right guys so in the meantime while I
wait for my print girls you guys are
home yeah well you guys do in you got
some goodies in the back for dead uh let
me see uh yeah that's for me yep yep
delicious yeah I thought that one was
bad dad she wants to give a piece for
daddy
cookie this together who dedicates a big
piece we try
well meleager's pretty good Hale is that
the best cook you've ever had is that
the best cookie you've ever had it is so
I think it's time time to show them our
secret project it's done it's done do
you think that a family's ready guys I
haven't seen any of it so I don't even
know what it looks like I just know
Ryan's been working in there for like a
day two days well I think it's time do
you think they Sammy's ready she gave
that look like she ain't ready
you think they Sammy's ready hey Stanley
if you guys are ready to see her secret
project give this video a thumbs up
right now she gave me the hard part of
the cookie she literally just gave it to
me cause it's hard she knows and she
just took this part she knows what the
good part the cookie is you want to show
that cookie she like good guys you don't
want to share the rest of her cooking
with you I'm gonna share with that that
share it chicks family I'm not sure if
you guys remember or not but a couple of
days ago I told you guys that inside
this room we have a secret project that
we've been working on well ladies and
gentlemen today is the day here we go
whoa wait wait wait I didn't see you
guys like the video I'm gonna be honest
I didn't see so take your little finger
scroll over to the thumbs up click on
that and let's get it poppin let's try
this again here we go
alright guys so I obviously already seen
it but Katherine hasn't let's go
surprise her
are you ready it's dull right so that's
obviously al that's my baby and there's
daddy I hope you oh yes I almost forgot
to come into the ace family person don't
you okay so over here we have dumbbells
where you get your pump on you know I'm
saying get a little get a little pump
action I'm gonna mean down here we have
the leaves for the ladies you know
latter weights yes over here we have the
barbells yes or here we have a treadmill
this is where Katherine will be spending
with Jody over time over here we have
more gym accessories that's medicine
balls and over here ladies and gentlemen
we have the tough stuff fitness machine
this might be one of the best machines
out here you can do multiple exercises
on just this one machine and you know
we're all about saving the best for last
right here we have the ace family hater
all I gotta say is I don't condone any
violence until I see hater
so I said you hate
I'm just playing I still love my haters
we need them to work out we got the
water good so as you can see Catherine I
was not playing when we said we want to
get back to exercise schedule every
single day at a certain time workout for
at least 30 minutes to an hour and
whoever else needs to get in the gym you
know workout you're more than welcome to
come to the a family gym shout out to
Ryan the person who's holding the Kim go
ahead please
go ahead and flip it on you then go
ahead and give yourself a pat on the
back
you give so good good good so as you can
see Ryan created the main piece right
here but we do want to add quotes all
around the gym so we want one right
there right there right there and right
there so about four quotes so if you
have any motivational quotes make sure
you leave them down in the comments you
never know your quote might be the lucky
one who gets put on the ACE family jam
wall so now we're just waiting for our
guests to arrive all right guys I think
I hear our guests pulling up
that shit is beautiful our guest has
arrived all right guys I'm sorry we
don't go out and close our video right
here our video is already long I know
you guys hate long videos we're gonna
formally introduce our guests in
tomorrow's video so stay tuned for that
all right guys so before we close out
today's video we do have to give our
pulse notification shoutout to who live
it today's post vacation shout-out goes
to Gabby Martinez shout to you girl
thank you so much for being a part of
the ACE family you know we love you
whoever else like a pulse notification
shoutout all you gotta do is subscribe
to the a family hit that subscribe
button turn on our pulse notifications
hit that Bell button and once you do
those two things all you got to do is
come and done and obviously if you liked
today's video you've got to give it a
thumbs up give it a thumbs up if you
like our new personal gym like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful pregnant queen always say
we'll be back with more videos please
and stay tuned for our guest tomorrow
