someone told me number so dumb movies
don't exist in my life today
you're going to be good for grandpa this
weekend right so yes I am
you're going to be good we're going to
go see doggie daddy lives are you guys
on your own I mean loving them one no
I'm gonna get you know you guys are
saying not to think of my doing
see you tomorrow okay where's this part
I love you get up there's a little
porker that's a nice picture and god of
her
welcome back to our channel guys what's
going on everybody so you guys are
probably wondering where we are so we're
in Palm Springs we came out here for a
day kind of just to get away from
everything and just have a day to
ourselves without own because we all
know it's been a while since we had a
day to ourselves
ever since Katherine got pregnant um we
haven't had a day to ourselves so this
should be fun today we will be hitting
the pool in the spa get some massages
eat some good food going shopping all
that good stuff so it's really hot here
though so we might not want to be
walking around like 107 miles on my
shadow but yeah so we're just gonna
enjoy it while we can and catch on a few
Hey
Patrick thank you
and you can be
so we bought your regular dinner right
and Catherine I as you can see our dress
language and my boy over here just
like you bout to go to the club he's
looking fresh I wanted a dress and a
nice and best dress in high school
a hospital go
I'm aware of
our back so guys we just discovered that
Red Bull has chlorine in it can be notes
Arena Google
hello guys today was a really long day
and we're super tired for exhaustion
we're going to get a amazing nice rest
because elevators in here you know can
you not commute you don't don't eat
while talking like that even though we
mrs. Li with Ojai we miss you honey I
love y'all oh yeah guys we got a busy
schedule start again because you know
we're not using this one club that we're
using this one on you guys okay simple
as that we love you some wrongs busy
schedule is going to be waking up
hitting this ball gives the massages
hitting the pool lunch is just that
we don't normally do it we're gonna
enjoy our vacation we're not using that
yes we are thank you see they Cooper
tomorrow and you know not tired I'm out
of here
you know our doing this again no now
we're doing this again because you
freaking you ain't with your muscles
when you ramble so I'm making sense and
 undiluted love you probably places
we missed our baby come here
we missed you Kadir you don't know what
she's mad at us we don't get it anywhere
you rude you know we don't get a smile
going back to Papa princess can Alaba
Seto can I have a besito to give me a
Bushido give me the Oh mommy
daddy's home princess if you don't
change your attitude then you won't get
your gift we got you you want to see
okay we'll see
let's get you get you go
that's for you okay as for you you want
to see opening ah is amended oh oh oh
you like oh yeah you like this you like
I'm ever the cute yay I pick those out
princess you like it let me see
that's when daddy takes you on a date
you weigh that hand you need to go more
tricks like she likes that see she likes
the ladybugs great all right guys as you
can see we're finally home princess is
still mad at us for leaving her
extremely why are you mad at us I guess
she's gonna play it off soon bit why are
you mad at us sweet we just wanted to
have some time with just me and mommy
time but like 24 hours yeah don't kiss
my even so don't get it twisted like we
love you to death and we don't ever want
to leave you again but sometimes we just
need some time alone yes mama
I agree how do you feel about it is that
okay are you going to keep getting mad
you're gonna keep getting mad huh you
still love us because if you don't want
to leave ever again and we won't how do
you feel how do you know we're filming
you thirsty there you go you intensity
well guys I'm sorry but we have to leave
princess is upset with us we gotta give
her all the attention in the world all
the nook in the world
oh smoking whoa so before we close out
this video we do have to give our
notification shout-out today to Sierra
Sierra fish - a cute girl thank you so
much for having our pulse notifications
turned on whoever else - like a post-op
patient shoutout obviously a subscribe
to our Channel and turn on our pulse
indications in comment
when done obviously a family do you like
this video you've got to give it a
thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
Queen and my upset princess always say
we'll be back we'll be back with more
than exactly peace here's the way I look
good like your mom your dad we go away
for 24 hours and you get set now that's
a problem is he
and the crazy was your mom and your dad
or thought process our thought process
your mom and your dad our thought
process was you know we're going to get
away we're going to spend some alone
time excuse me okay we're going to spend
them a long time right and by the way
guys would be like this hat and I'm
wearing we just came out with it Lincoln
mile plug we're thinking like Chris is
gonna be fine
she knows her grandfather her
grandmother her all goals dogs you know
we're thinking she's gonna be alright
she's not gonna miss us too much right
you know we're thinking why not go
somewhere with another couple with our
friends enjoy life experience life be
away from our princess making you know
we come back home hey we come back home
and you're upset our world are
everything is the same I'm talking you
since I put care
