so move down a kid number like we hate
them less what's going on everybody
welcome action here so today
Catherine I we pulling a prank on it out
on our one-year old not mind and guys
she's one years old
it's so very sad as you think I'm a
hominin for those who are subscribed to
our channel you know we did a prank on a
little princess not too long ago you
didn't elephant he was involved too
anyways if you go with something like
that again but this time we both be
learning costume so this is what I'm
going to look like we can we put it on
really Kristen all the baby and this is
what I meant oh don't you should you
fail me I'm out here would you go cubic
like that all really good you need you
back alright guys this was about to go
down I'm going to be on one side of Hill
she's gonna be on the other side of ale
and when she wakes up or both gonna be
like her you can't laugh now let me try
though there's nonetheless last time we
did this I couldn't help but I just had
to laugh last now okay
that mountain are even though haunted -
she said - oh my god and as you guys
know whenever L wakes up the first thing
she does is look for mommy share with
looks pretty fresh I mean she looks
Robin yes she does her little job she
has a drug stage right oh she would so
she's like she's out of it and super
tired out of it right so when she sees
us today I felt loud so when she sees us
her reaction is gonna be hilarious and
another thing too is that she's getting
older and smarter so I'm not sure if
this is going to work but we we gotta
keep the try
so make sure you keep watching you're
gonna stay tuned for her reaction
I love my pizza I love my princess you
part of the ACM you gotta get print to
bed been watching
ahh-choo
got you
Hey
yeah
Oh
I do not laugh guys hello Gail cavenda
not laugh every time she looks at you
like she knows you she did it not too
good you look I think she knew was mated
to living my eyes she was looking at us
like who the hell are they were you
confused
well you come dude
we got you no problem she looked up she
saw she was like they playing around
yeah guys L noses way too
oh I see you I see you
Luigi so today family well guys hope you
enjoyed her reaction I love you you wake
up get scary and you're still in a good
mood either that you wasn't even scared
she woke up like what's going on she's
like here's an old lady and as wise my
dad looks like that
all right guys well I hope you enjoyed
the video thanks everyone for tuning in
as always obviously if you liked this
video got to give it thumbs up like
comment share and subscribe I'm not sure
why I'm still wearing this damn wig home
cut and like me and my beautiful Queen
and Princess always say exactly more
videos to you
