someone told me never sold a movie don't
exist there were life these days
you know that matter grandma tell me one
thing you love about ill thanks man tell
me one thing you love about L everything
tell me one thing you love about L you
tell me one thing you love about L oh
that's my friend honest tell me one
thing you love about L that's what me
tell me one thing you love about L one
thing she definitely loves her uncle say
tell me one thing you love about L you
know she's in tune with itself
her soul is very good she is sally young
woman tell me one thing a little uh tell
me dude that's my grand off okay wait
wait wait wait wait do me do me do me do
me huh that she is that she is a big fat
though like me okay that she is my first
ranch okay okay okay okay see his uh got
a big heart
tell me one thing you love about L both
you guys okay oh yeah cute okay tell me
one thing a little about L I'm sorry
tell me one thing you love about out
probably out of everybody the family she
I'd most like me if you think about it
tell me one thing you love about Al
she's beautiful tell me one thing you
love about L tell me one thing you love
about L tell me one thing you little by
L so tomorrow tell me one thing you love
about L tell me one thing a little about
L smile tell me one thing you love about
L uh per kilo base it was like boom tell
me one thing you love about L tell me
one thing you love about L that she's
yours good or tell me one thing you love
about L Wow we got marshmallows ami bad
cookie use a unicorn theme you got these
rooms and you know flying off a gift
and the marshmallow got the cotton candy
got the chocolate and got the cake wait
cool oh good uh-oh explains to people
what happened explain to me what hugging
you're so in love ladies don't love I
have a little cake here it's okay you
guys uh you guys can tell what it did
look like y'all that's all that that's
all that matters
so should we should get the kids
together right yeah or me your way it
should we should we a comeback should we
have to Rebecca back entrance okay so so
which I don't have a speaker I think we
should yell it I knew y'all got kids you
sounds like an elephant great one judo
great it was very good that was good you
can help me with the neck meaning yes
looking right at you all right Isaac
let's go
mommy's gonna help the clown I don't
nothin in there okay
I'm going to turn it inside out to show
everyone there's nothing in the magic
bag all right now
can you can you test that three times
can everybody y'all happy birthday oh oh
ok reach in there see if we made
anything magically appear right there
2.1 seconds ago everybody give
yourselves a round of
oh yeah we wouldn't have another hey hey
hey hey whoa
first I will make my right leg next I
will make my left leg this we're very
turning green moment-to-moment only
about seconds I will make both my
Lexuses but I need everybody else okay I
need a drum right leg is gone what oh my
gosh Hales like held off come here come
here
now you get ready amazing sorry hey do
it on there so you don't fall okay all
that I'm going to keep your seat horses
alright everybody big round Wow I don't
know no way I'm still I'm still here
looks like avatar right at 300 okay put
it down
oh the kids are natural and I hate
competition okay now put it down okay
you'll just like it on Facebook yeah
we're love me Danny they're rusty over
making balloons can I get a ace family
balloon that is AC e balloon with every
possible no I don't like it isn't right
now so it's not possible but you can you
can get close that's a family hold on I
know what it means
look at look at it right there hold on
you like it alright hold on it needs a
chinstrap
I was going to marry sensitive let me
see beep if you hold on this way to me
spell mama okay this is one of a kind
ever got this before I even hear lovely
wonderful
oh I can't believe what ball is gone
through all these even look at you one
isn't he lovely my head are you guys
ready and 3 2 1 happy bye baby
happy birthday to you go ahead eat it
go ahead eat go ahead yes good job
go baby go let's go you got it good go
ahead back better close the photo closer
put a closer for a closer go ahead she
wants to cheat not close enough want to
hold this right over this is bland
delicious festival is it is it is it
glad you can also be very committed yes
yes yes yes
let the pinata down slow fellas let it
go and I move out the way
go ahead hit any girl good job Island
tiny girl
where is it coming from who's holding it
how's it going on okay that's not
breaking that's it that's not breaking
my leg alright everybody now everybody
really moved
you don't hear the mighty wind oh don't
do that you're on a broom speak to the
Dirty Harry for all the kids
shake it we need to back to back just a
lot of candy go get that candy I'll be
aggressive a lot of boys over here
trying to take advantage be aggressive
ma'am you got to be aggressive just go
gonna put in the bag good job babe in a
car or a house birthday hugs Oh
I'll share share share share
marshmallows you're a bike did you give
her a bite give her a bite
ok Thank You al hey thank you who's that
one from the next al Mexico grandpa
sale all to college but the only $100
house is worth more than that is my baby
better get a scholarship but everybody
goes scholars you only got 100 hours you
got so much for coming else birthday
party I've research done now L has
warfarin another family that came out
before Adele thank you so much we
appreciate it
al has another friend everyone came out
before L thank you guys so much
l has twins grand friends now oh my gosh
guys that's how you know the party was
real when you look like this you look
rugged like this out there like a miner
and I got a damn cowboy hat on that's
how you go the party was lit baby had
fun oh don't show that he's here knows
she had so much fun she was playing with
the Benny
yes look actually she's watch the
bunnies guys she met she had so much
dude dessert oh man shout out to all the
families that came out that we invited
we appreciate you guys I told you was
gonna pick some people we don't be
planning we can we say some yo good luck
you look like eight eight families to K
families when we say some we mean oh
thank you guys for coming today shout
out as and go to anyone in particular
particular goes to you tire is an
exactly shouts you guys thank you so
much for showing a little princess so
much love
it's literally incredible how much love
that you guys continue to show
we can't thank you guys enough we're
truly blessed and this little girl does
not realize how blessed she is but one
day she'll know and it doesn't feel like
it's been a year it doesn't but it's
making us sad because she's one years
old now
growing up so fast one year we crouched
big cry sick when he's okay well guys
we're tired as hell we're going to get
some sleep
i'ma edit this video for you guys and
get up as fast as I can but stay tuned
because the a family we're back to our
normal schedule and we're gonna be
posting videos pretty first week so stay
tuned a lot encaptured because when you
say that I know you're trying to say
they're going to get me back to the last
prank I never said that I never said
that but we decided earlier that we were
going to do this anymore
do what like pranking each other anyways
so before we in this video I do want to
say that this month was a little slow
for us so we apologize we got a lot
going on we had like four different
birthdays my mom's my dad's mine and
elves so just a lot that we had to do so
we couldn't film as much as we wanted
but now we're back to normal schedule
and we got a lot to show you guys so
make sure you stay tuned we love you
guys we love you guys it TCS
