someone told me some things don't exist
in real life these days
Tom hey welcome back to our channel guys
what's going on everybody
so Katherine and I have not seen any
challenges going on so we figured why
not come up with our own and the thing
is that we first came up with this as a
joke we were just joking around and then
today we really wait maybe we need to
try out cuz it'd be so funny so the
challenge we came up with is muggle I'm
scared of shit has to do with waxing
this goes for the men out there the ACE
family is challenged I'm scared
I just how you tremble that is going to
scare the a family is challenging you
men out there to have your lady or if
you don't if you're not in a
relationship have your friend mr. family
member app it may be a challenge is for
them to wax your armpit hair your armpit
hair and the reason why we chose the
armpit hair is because it is hidden and
it's not embarrassing Excellencies that
you do not have armpit hair and so the
challenge is the only I said I the only
thing wanted yeah you only have to wax
one armpit here but it has to be the
entire hair like you've got to get all
of it so have you ever shaved that part
early knots or anything though so it's
that's been your Harrington so this is
one this is hair
what trims it like every now and then
each time in with what scissors anyway
so you have to wax the entire armpit
like there can be not no hair and so
that's what we did we went out and got
this wax strip kit you can get it from
anywhere as you get it from Bed Bath &
Beyond you get it from full time Ulta
you get it pretty much anywhere CBS and
stuff like that but the thing is is that
okay so this is my thing so obviously
we're going to do this and whatever but
I've never actually watched myself I've
never watched
anything I've only threaded or shaved
that's right Elio yes that's the thing
so I don't even know even a challenge
for her to do what the hell she's doing
yeah body contouring strips and these
are stripped can I hurt so bad oh all
right guys so like I said we are
challenging the ACE family in
challenging you guys you men out there
can also be women then if you have
ladies that you don't have hair
somewhere you can go ahead and wax them
as well so wait so what if the people
are asking why are you even doing this
why are you asking like what's the point
of watching what we say the point of
waxing is to be comfortable in your own
skin to not have any hair here or here
as well as be comfortable with your
relationship letting your woman relax
you or how about the challenge is to see
if you cry or you scream or not oh I
like that I like that one to see your
manly animal then we get Loki we just
came up with that in the top already so
the challenges you can't make any noises
you can't cry you can nothing you just
have to take it
okay that's a challenge yeah so another
two challenges because the first
challenge is like allowing yeah this to
happen and I guess the second challenge
is to see if they yeah they went but I
mean this shit's gonna hurt so bad and
so how about this challenge should be
that you can do both so like after the
first one you can actually do the second
one no not too much
now just one just one fellas just do one
you guys do what you know I need so one
nothing here to carry I didn't hear your
hand oh my god oh this is so stupid to
allow two drivers in the support anymore
so we have to do this is like that
numbing white so which one you're going
to do this one going this one whoa
goodbye onto here I love you I know no
it can't cheat either guys can't trim it
me first option it know where exactly
just got to just do it oh my gosh no
cheat guys do not cheat remember I like
you can we're really watching all your
videos to can't scream oh girl oh gosh
okay so I'm guessing visibly
oh my angling is teeny all you do this
is just numbing cream I mean nothing oh
okay alrighty let's see maybe the
direction right so wax pretreatment help
works on short hair oh god guys the box
that it works on short hair but but wait
so do we chairman no no no is oh this is
no this is short here now I'm sure that
was long no this is considered short
hair long hair it will be to your head
it'll work on your head come on baby
don't read it do it no I need to read
that I'll turn into like reading
directions and that's like one of my
biggest pet peeves and you do it read
anything look and look at the watch area
where the hair is to be removed with
soap and water it will wish you as a
thoroughly pat dry rub the outer leaves
nothing was over the same area to sue
the prepared skin before hair removal
waits ten minutes to allow the treatment
to drive and to the most effective for
pain relief so we have to wait like ten
minute
okay we'll be back in ten minutes
all right so now it says that to rub the
wax strip between your hands to warm the
wax slowly peel the strip's apart okay
oh that looks like it's not gonna get it
all oh no
hope I can do my old challenge and it's
nothing
guys don't be worth man take on a family
challenge right now well we peel apart
oh that's sticky chilly chill chill
chill
obviously it's sticky oh that's gonna
hurt
that's gonna hurt so good all right so
then three it says a determined
direction of the hair growth and press
on the wax check firmly in the direction
of the hair growth so Kim's hot oh this
is wrong this is so wrong yes okay so
it's good do it just do it do it all
cares go oh let's go no no no no what no
what now that whatever like I think all
of this all of it all practicality but
every bit also finishing afterwards
Theresa we look at our pillow is it oh
my life is more your action just so we
make a damn directors let's just do it
dancing
oh hello just because of you you're
going to be like going in a hospital I
think how long David don't say that
don't say that oh my god I'm scared can
or Ebola rip it
I hope skin taut with one hand with the
other hand full of electric oxygen over
breath keep your hands as close to the
skin as possible if the strip is peeled
off too slowly
blacks will remain on skin and hair will
not come off immediately apply firm
pressure to the wax area with fingertips
or the palm of your hand to reduce let's
go let's go all right so how long we
should probably do it now okay you just
got to do it don't even don't even do
countdown just rip them off at all come
on girl I'll believe it you bet it you
kid I believe in you I don't believe in
me right now all right so you can't
scream and you can't do and you can't
pop oh you already booked no you can't
you can't like have any reactions when I
do this cuz it's nothing hell right who
the item is well the challenge is to
allow someone to do this you that's the
real challenge
hi if you're going to do without making
no noise and in you ready because this
is kind of in too long now go go go go
what what oh no thanks a level with
don't go you can't play around with this
evidence way too much
are you so sorry that was called datura
to school I'll give you like a window
doing it do it
what didn't anything guys will come on
oh my god ha fuck fuck fuck fuck who's
ripping ah slow down slow
sighs I thought it would turn out
differently this challenging over chose
it over it's still a challenge so if you
want to do it do it but as you can see
this is it not worth their shit is hard
work all your blood
oh my god thank you Frank Infineon thank
you all right guys Oh guys you gotta
give me like two this one
Oh God obviously get a thumbs up like on
the share and subscribe
oh god oh my god oh we gotta get we have
to put this on it premieres I don't know
how this works but oh my god oh my god
oh my gosh oh my gosh our shadow person
uh dude my shadow course ago at the
derrick pain thank you so much for
coming because I remember that thank you
so much Robin our polls of the case it
turned on bro I appreciate you so much
what were else like a pool suffocation
shadow all you got to do is turn on our
pool so with notification and all I know
when you die and always you subscribe
and comment when you're done I will be
right
yes I gotta go guys so I'll try at home
no you know the challenge is still
happening you guys can still attempt
this challenge okay but I recommend
don't do it if you do feel it please
pray before you do it
um and God is still hurting oh gosh
there's a hurry hurry baby oh my like me
and my beautiful Queen always say ah
we'll be back with more videos
