someone told me never saw
please don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
look this guy high-test your limit
stop-in crap there I can see I'm sorry
guys I wake up this morning I look over
and ills not there she and look where
she is hey what are you doing up so
early
you're a go-getter huh okay okay what
are you playing good web is up early
learning oh it went away there it is
there it is get it get it get it it's
coming it's coming it's coming it's
coming look wait for it wait for it
good job wow I'm up it is up early
learning good job baby now you have to
wait for the balloon to yeah you can't
help it just be patient be patient baby
be patient no yet be patient
alright guys let's go see who else is up
in this house
looks like he's still asleep but I'm not
awake his hair sir
why is it so much why is it so much
though she says you were having a nice
dream weren't you a family if you want
to wake someone up do not try that at
home that is not safe and if you were
new to this channel make sure that that
subscribe button and join the family and
for the X family members who like and
comment before actually watching the
video this is for you we extra love you
look at walk they like what they look at
all the fun fatty wait can you help
daddy pick it up hey what's going on
everybody so as you can see my bebut is
still not feeling well so I'm gonna try
my best to be as turn as possible so I
can fill in the tartness for her that
makes sense
hopefully that make sense but the good
news is we're about to go to a prenatal
appointment what are y'all doing back
here what oh what's wrong with you this
morning telling me no you don't wanna
help me clean and you hit dad dad only
hit boys when they try to talk to you
not dad dad shut up Ike now like I was
saying today is a good day because we
were about to go to a prenatal
appointment which means we will find out
how many weeks pregnant Kathryn is
alright guys so we're about to leave
mouse were there early
and princess you're gonna stay with
Grandma okay huh
yeah you tell grandma you love grandma
Oh dad that oh ho ho
you guys stay with Grandma thank you yes
so are you guys coming with us
I'm not sure all of you can fit in the
doctors room but if you're one of the
lucky ones who made it in there just
comment made it and I guess we'll meet
y'all there all right guys we are now
here in the waiting room and I'm not
gonna lie I'm a little nervous because
we're gonna find out how many weeks her
baby is and that means we all know our
exact due date so now we're just gonna
wait my babies over here not feeling
well but um she's excited all right guys
so we just gotten a doctor's room they
usually don't let me film here when the
doctor comes in but you know me how much
is seven weeks for one day we just let
the doctor's office sorry I couldn't
film that much but we do have exciting
news the baby is seven weeks and one day
look at my baby over there starvin which
means that sorry sorry guys she didn't
eat for an hour because she's better
glucose test yes she had a drawable so
guys I literally got pregnant like my
pregnancy started on January 1st 2018
which is so crazy because we got
pregnant I'm just so crazy I was a
little horny as hell to start with the
new year obviously yeah it is kind of
crazy got pregnant to start up 2018 is
what's crazy is the day before we had 5
million subscribers
a lot going on so yeah the baby is seven
weeks in one day which means the due
date is October 8th Libra baby Libra
baby uh yeah so wait she didn't tell us
if there was more than one no that's the
next appointment next week oh we have
another appointment coming very soon
you're an ultrasound appointment our
first ultrasound appointment our first
ultrasound
I can't wait with that's exciting all
right guys we'll see y'all back at the
house
we are now home I think L sleep
Hey
guess how many weeks seven weeks and one
day your siblings gonna be an October
baby so if you didn't get a chance to
see our last video I created my own JAMA
juice drink for Katherine and I put
something in her drink that she hates
and if I remember correctly I told y'all
not to tell her but some of y'all did
roll the clip
way back I should drink also sleep know
it's actually one I created good you
like it so far are you really so there's
a reason why I did what I did and that
reason is carrots are healthy and we
need to be healthier especially
Katherine since she's pregnant so what I
did was after that video I went out and
got our own smoothie maker and I also
got so I'm gonna start making my own job
with your smoothies here at the house
cuz it's time to get healthy alright
guys so I just got to target my little
minion right here say hi we have a guest
that will be come over tomorrow if you
think you know who it is comment below
so Ella and I are gonna go into target
make sure we get everything they need to
sleep over you know we love taking care
of our gear all right so you ready to go
all right guys we're about to go inside
we're obviously gonna take you guys with
us it's let's do it okay so what are we
looking for they definitely need to
brush which means they need toothpaste
they definitely need some body wash and
shampoo right okay here goes the
toothbrush out in the toothpaste all
right it's a toothbrush you want to pick
them out a toothbrush okay what
toothbrushes I need okay so you want
them to have a pink one okay
they supposed to be for them not you
okay you like this one okay put in the
cart thank you baby
pick them to play sell for them
okay good okay got it
okay is that the one you want for them
put in the cart thank you baby good job
oh wait I forgot the mouthwash are you
sit right here are you trying to drive
walk do you like that guy
okay good think they need some q-tips
what is this they don't need this they
don't need this let's go come on let's
go bye I'll see you later okay we gotta
go huh you want to come back off okay
okay I won't leave you
okay um oh here we go
here we go here's some uh that's what we
need some shampoo here's the body wash
what about this this looks nice oh yeah
this is nice
this is good this is that good shit oh
there might be cotton balls can you get
the cotton balls for us please honey
okay get the organic ones yeah you get
the organic organic ones okay put in the
cart put in the car
thank you baby thank you you like to
love okay get it yeah just get the dove
- that's cool
okay good good good job good job okay
anything else we need no all you want
this sensitive skin one you have to
start it in there - good choice good
choice that it what about some just in
case they get a stomachache or they get
sick he's some pepto-bismol never know
they could get a stomachache we don't
want that to happen in her house but
what about just in case they get sick
least a nyquil another night will honey
they need the nyquil just in case I
think they also need some lotion because
they can't be actually in our house you
know I'm saying I need some lotion we're
- lotion and here we go a vino vino okay
good what about somebody's you never
know they they might use some of these
good shot those are good everything they
might need a blanky not I'm saying they
might not be comfortable using our
blankets so let's just get them a new
blanket oh here goes the blankets right
here honey it's like it good
hey what are you looking at honey excuse
me you're looking at a boy oh yeah close
your eyes close your eyes don't look
don't look over there no don't tell me
no you better not look at boys close
your eyes you like this one okay let's
get this one okay so now we need a tree
in a pillow for them
hello oh you're gonna pillows right here
honey pillows right here there we go
pillow let's throw in the cart good job
okay I think we're good to go
are we good to go huh okay we're good to
go
what about their own towels should they
should we get them their own towels give
them a sound thank you go get a good job
oh all we need is one
they just need one okay thank you yeah
just shove it in there good job uh yeah
just don't worry about it just leave it
it's okay it's okay don't don't worry
about it don't be like that uh-huh
there's not right all right guys so I
just got home and I realized I do not
have my phone this is not good
hopefully someone has that talking let's
go find if you guys do not understand
I'm trying my best not to freak out
right now I'm gonna need all my staff
members to come together close your eyes
and take them over
laughs my phone please please God my
phone still be a target come on the
moment of truth here we go hello god I
was right here oh no no no no no no no
we have a lost-and-found here
well guys guys I don't see it no no no
no no I found the lady Connolly that was
working
excuse me did you see a phone oh yeah
sure
yes no not all around I got home and I
realized I didn't have it oh this is a
black iPhone with a Gucci case well it
might have been on the car I was driving
oh yeah over the card I was driving guys
are saying they don't see it
I lost my phone oh no this is this is
this is not good at all
where's the car I was driving oh no oh
wait I think it's the card No oh my gosh
this is definitely not the time to lose
my phone what why is the car out here
though
guys please tell me why the car is out
here as this someone trying to make a
great escape my phone is probably right
here fell out of these damn pants these
big-ass pockets might fell out and they
took it whoever it is if you watch our
videos please return it the target wait
I'll give you free March I will that's
my word just return my phone I need it
thank you all right guys so I'm on my
way home right now and I just remembered
that I have Find My iPhone on my
computer so as soon as I get home I'm
gonna find that shit and I'm gonna
figure out who stole my damn phone who
would do that
like my lock screen is of my daughter
like why would you take someone's phone
our guys let's to find my iPhone cool is
where it is right now what it's why
target yeah
please play sound sound lost mode put my
number I don't know why my phone always
comes up as my mom's phone that's weird
let's play sound this satellite
that's target bro it's in target it's in
target what daddy told me it wasn't
there
well well maybe they didn't find it but
it's freaking beeping right now so
someone's gonna notice it
yeah I gotta be like the target after
run but what it moved service you're
lying
cuz it was right there and it just moved
down there I think it did too
and it's not moving right now so oh my
gosh that's so nerve-racking again we're
gonna keep playing this out I don't hear
that moment all right guys so back at
Target I go it's funny how when I played
this sound don't find my iphone I best
are moving whoever had it got scared
mm-hmm thank God for Find My iPhone
whoever invented a is a fucking genius
yeah I lost my phone is that target
right now okay yeah we're coming inside
where are you oh oh okay oh we're gonna
find you right now we're here in a black
Jeep
tell him time you tell her I'm outside
waving my hands
ah hell no where is she somebody got my
phone
did you hear it it was here I saw Find
My iPhone I know they hurt my shit
oh my gosh I found it thank you love you
guys there it is I see it come here I
love you excuse in the car I love you
thank you so much you've got my phone
you don't understand how much my phone I
wish I can give you free merch but you
probably don't like March I love you oh
my god
let me see oh my gosh what was she doing
with it
not all the people in the world she has
we're so find it I don't know where she
found it I didn't care to ask I'm just
so happy
hey family we did it I think it's a good
place to close out the video baby who's
on here thank you all for tuning in as
always before we close out today's video
we do have to give our poster indication
shout out baby - who the shout out goes
to that woman over there I don't know
her name but the shadow goes to that
woman over there who found my iPhone
whoever else like a poster vacations out
out are you gonna do is subscribe
today's family hit that subscribe button
turn on our poster on vacations hit that
Bell button and once you do those two
things just come in done obviously if
you liked today's video you gotta give
it a thumbs up give it a thumbs up for
me for fun of my phone so like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful Queen over here who's not
feeling well always say back with more
videos peace
