we're moving down a kiss to my life
today
Tom hey guys how's it going everybody
all right for those who don't know
grandma stays with us first couple days
of the week sometime so what we happened
today is we're going to have she's prank
her yeah so she's the only one in a
health and not got pranked yet right so
she's taking a nap right now and she has
the littlest car in the world right and
as you can see behind us we have over a
hundred of these or beef balls right
there's a few shell on the back we have
so many of these that we're going to try
and fill her entire car up with all
these offices I would literally die to
have my heart smaller yeah what I'm
going to do it Ales it on the Frank all
of us are going to get her she's the
only one in that house and I got pranked
so it's her turn
so what we're going to do now is prepare
all of these you could mm all the fun
but that's easy to take on oh okay it's
not exciting what I think we all have
like these little like lids don't forget
to take a box take a box real quick
why did you make this like please oh I'm
so cold
oh yeah they're like all my knees
slightly grab all this so cool going on
they don't smell our but we got a lot of
tables all right so we have a lot to do
like so we have a we're on Josie so
we'll see you back into you yeah dude Oh
help us help us come on her we got her
you for grandma wakes up come on come on
I'll take this one off take this one off
come on hurry yell hurry call it go all
right guys we're Buffett will make sure
grandma's card and end of the minute L
you you hide those okay okay you Heikal
some grandma okay RL you hide them we'll
be right back okay all right guys this
is grandma's car I told you it was tiny
be able to fit a bunch of these inside
here got to make sure nothing's inside
I think we're good to go the tree up
what you're lying I walked away
literally for two seconds I put them all
in my bucket and she tipped it over why
weren't you watching I wanted everything
left for two seconds literally are you
kidding me ill crew supposed to pick em
all is that your life Wow bro look at yo
there's literally a citation so there's
thousands of these oh my god breaking up
feather what do you have to say bad bad
can you apologize
oh my so now how are we gonna prank our
long I have no idea we're gonna have to
get all these in here
you know long as I'm going to take not
nothing do it an hour
great all right guys it's been like over
an hour since we've been doing this this
is messed up Aled is playing with them
elf you know what the pranking back is
prank wars now it's ridiculous how it
gonna have to be easier way babe a ul
you
I'm gonna get you back hey do me a favor
go check into Tripoli sugar Motta sleep
please
just stepping on you bring her golf
just a little bit click up on e3 wait
guys
we almost got them all in Lu there's no
more than there's nowhere to take out
you took them all out l lively what are
you doing - trying to get like the two
in there now let me put you in joy okay
just have a seat bill oh she sounds like
me when I thought was fired thank you I
have to feel good yo
I know I know I know I know people put
their feet on those eggs women
oh my oh my gosh ah I feel so amazing
alright guys well looks like the prank
was on us literally literally on us l
literally pranked us um because now we
can't remember grandma better thank al
for this and now we have thousands maybe
is meant to be that we didn't do this in
her car
now we have a little warble balls to
clean up princess princess princess I'm
talking to you ally lady hopping clean
are you helping are you making a mess
how do I leave for two seconds and you
kissing cheap I was waiting for you to
leave
Alice I just put every single one of you
oh my gosh I'm a princess princess you
have anything to say about this princess
do you have anything to say about this
no well guys grandma just woke up and
left to get food so the prank in the be
no sale yeah even though we didn't
really want to do it for the event of
the day we would have to be the ones
cleaning it out yeah we're working out
the bathroom that's freaking forever we
still have like a couple last year yeah
we need to get the finish but we're a
bit hesitant about this prank so maybe
it's a good thing it didn't happen and
the prank ended up being on us oh I just
that is how it worked out thanks al she
probably tipped it over because we
actually keep her toys up in there and I
always tip it over take all my toys out
so it's probably what she thought she
was doing but I'm gonna get you back I'm
gonna get you back over here eating this
Apple you know hungry ass I'll prank you
back just watch y'all stay tuned for
that right yeah all right guys well that
concludes today's video because we got
some more cleaning up to do probably
chills the rest of the day probably
stalk you guys on Instagram so make sure
you follow us - right here and my name's
right here so follow us on Instagram and
spam our accounts and we will be liking
and spamming your accounts back solo
show love we don't show low back right
okay and before we close our video we do
have to give our notification
today too and that notification shadow
goes to Henri Hernandez from California
Henri Hernandez shout-out to you thank
you so much for having our postal games
turned on whoever else would like a
postive occasion shoutout
all you have to do is turn on our pulse
if occations and comment when done and
obviously guys like this video got to
like it there's not too many eleven
month old babies pranking their parents
so like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful Queen over here
she's breastfeeding always say listen to
my video please
