someone told me some things don't exist
in my life today
whatever I do on Salaam bro what is your
biggest spider a big aspiring or
auxiliaries left or female go check her
out
a Billy for sure dude whoa this place is
caring phones pretty rockin April moon
I
right here dear biggest oh yeah oh yeah
- Oh Harry that's a curly hair so like
they're like really now to be like
really really fuzzy like for sure much
hairier than like normal trafficking
species in Honduras I'll escape husband
about technology oh yeah you're crazy
curly hair so curly out yeah I got mine
you said it's a sweetie that's just
program so sweetheart very cool people
do nothing hey hey what's going on
everybody
today I get to prank Katherine back from
the cockroach prank she did on me the
other day if you haven't seen it go
check it out it was whatever but it's
been a while been a while since I
pranked her so why not do it today and
yes people today I will be pranking her
with a real tarantula I'm not sure if
you guys watched last video but when she
pranked me with the cockroach she said
that I was scared of all bugs but the
funny thing is she forgot to mention
that she's also scared of bugs not
scared she's frightened and I know damn
well this big ass so this is what's
about to go down I told her I was
leaving the house to get a haircut which
I did but I didn't tell her I was
getting a tarantula oh shit sorry hold a
hold I can't believe I'm doing this but
before I go home
i'ma bring home some food and usually
after we eat I don't know about y'all
but we use the restroom right so after
she eats I'm a height to camera
somewhere in the bathroom because I know
she and I can use a restroom right away
she need some time to digest right
listen this is the catch so before she
goes in there I'm gonna take all the
toilet paper out of the bathroom so
she's gonna be like oh oh I guess I'm
toilet paper
and instead of bringing her 20 people
I'm gonna bring her this lovely creature
but to be honest I don't know what to
expect all I do know is she's gonna hate
me after this this might be my last
prank so this is gonna be my last prank
it got to be crazy for those people who
can never have fun and take these pranks
way too serious just know I would never
do anything to hurt my queen just like
they said it's almost impossible for
these things to bite you literally
almost impossible like you got to ask
them to bite you like can you bite me
you're under me so don't get upset it's
all fun and games let's go guys not to
go down
you
okay you give me some toilet paper
oh shit I gotta get I gotta put it back
in here
moosh
whoa
bullshit
Oh
Oh
oh shit I think it is babe
whoa a galley oh yeah
amid cheap and every lie don't you I
need you wanted me back I must admit
which implicitly look at him watch it
gonna pop out Feb ad guys she didn't
want to admit but at least you have to
admit I got harassed
so obviously you like this baby you got
to give a thumbs up yeah like comment
share and subscribe and like new my
people clean always save we'll be back
with more videos
