hey welcome back to your channel guys
what's going on everybody today should
be a very exciting day about a lot of
running around to do
and we'll be taking a low beach yeah so
it's going to be our first time at the
beach and I kind of want our to just go
because I want her to get some Sun home
and see the ocean and play in the sand
yeah only she has a good time so we can
be there for a little bit huh daddy
wants to get a can we make a sandcastle
bury you in the sand okay I was over
here looking like somebody auntie I
didn't stand up so we all fit benda oh
hell no you look like somebody auntie my
guys makes you keep watching so we can
take you to the beach with well our
defender stand up whoa hey - gasps let
me pass out what hello second bridge
like a safe route pour you a snake man
whoa you look cat I'm a big dog oh man
let me stand up
well she kicked ass let me pass up
whoa taking prayers on the sofa we have
made it to the beach hurry go home oh
come on sorry
I'll go walk to Daddy she's not sure
well first time fans let's go see how
cold this water is
you
whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa is too cold
Retreat retreat Gonzaga loses and Rico
get gay and I get this big page
often over they're building a castle so
we'll see how that goes
how you like it you like it here and as
you can see Queen and Princess are
matching the hats
and even though they made baby head like
you want to go make a big hole let's go
dig up a big hole let's go come on let's
go come on just go let's go Billy
come on come on let's go come on
Oh
it scared let me stay there with her I
think it needs to be a little bigger but
we'll try
almost there almost there guys are
almost stuck you got this dog what about
daddy left me let me see
smile Maya just into this one our will
go home and I'll be back later okay all
right so while you guys are stuck in
there you know I'll just chill out here
for a little bit probably go home and
get a couple snacks and I'll configure
guys about that later
you mad don't be mad don't be mad to get
up I'm trying to get home oh she's
strong yeah I better get out come on
come on I got you I got you
you did it no mama stuck trying to get
out mom
oh yes trouble please make it right oh
we're not going nowhere I promise it
right here thank you
so it's a mom go to lobby good know it
come on 40 for you baby you can do it
yes
close this on for daddy hey family hi hi
hey another one go mommy you say go
mommy here we go
those for me daddy not what the hell no
ha there we go
this was for me to stop you better hit
this bitch all the way back home
ready oh nothing
I honestly the best at every sport
what's it mental oh wow here we go this
is the real real laughing Oh laughing
baby this is for princess oh okay it's
literally on the ground by the trash
Nexxus create goals Wow well here's not
as high as mine well guys we try to make
this a fun beach experience but elves
upset right now this is all dirty so
we're going to take her home and put her
in the bath salt we'll catch you guys
back home in the back piece and we're in
the back later so Lane show me your
claim well thank you thank you thank you
thank you
as always the bath was big enough for
all three of us Catherines over here
next to her but she's naked until you're
gonna make more bubbles Oh tell how much
you love
tell how much you love your mommy got a
little fast one on my anything God we're
so excited for elves first birthday
birthday is next month on the 28th mine
120 he's old
Kathleen have a lot of gift to give and
then your mom when you dad and my mom
and my dad would make everybody birthday
is in May the Capitals a lot of shopping
to do but only fun and we can't wait for
a birthday right we don't know what
we're doing it so you guys have any idea
that we can do for else first birthday
please comment below and if you guys
have kids that are on the old age also
comment you're looking to invite a few
of you guys a few of our subscribers a
few of our supporters you are a family
member to come to a birthday party we
think that would be a good idea that
would be fun right me some friends and
then also celebrating donated services
yeah as of right now I'll call you when
the baby is my birthday so as soon as we
get back um it will be Elle's party so
tell if you're able to do doing what you
need to do that doesn't - definitely
I'll do it let's do it what are you
doing what are you know I'm Jimmy hi
guys hey bye Bob blown off the video
before we close up the video we'd love
to give our notification shout-out today
to who who would give it a day to
Jessica drew shouted Escadrille thank
you so much having our pulse of the gays
turned on whoever else is like the
falsification shout out all you got to
do is what tell me any idea what she's
thinking all you gotta do is turn our
folks on vacations and comment when
obviously if you like this video we've
got to give it a thumbs up this little
princess right here it's just too
beautiful not to give this video a
thumbs up so make sure you like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful queen over here she's bulimic
if she can't see my beautiful clean over
here always day we'll be back in our
video he
