Donna kid never left alright so what you
just saw was often taking a shower so I
don't have enough time to get on this
intro so I'm just going to explain it to
you really quick um we haven't done a
parent in a really long time and you
guys know that so I think it's about
time that I get in that I got these
cockroaches last week and then saving
them for a really good day and I was
thinking you're going to do them in a
couple weeks but yesterday he actually
scared shown even for me went to bed so
I remembered I had these so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to when he gets
out of the shower I'm going to get in
and I'm going to buy some time the place
the camera somewhere now I was thinking
of this spot would be like regular the
shower is at the showerhead where it
would seize her towels so I'm going to
put the camera there hopefully you
didn't see it because if you doesn't
love each fail so I'm going to do that
and then we're going to do is I'm going
to wait until he does his exfoliating
mask because we we were talking earlier
about doing these masks and I was
thinking of these perfect time to get
him to wash his face and to rule the
cockroach or place a cockroach bite site
so hopefully we get a good reaction um
and yeah I hope this isn't a sale
because I'm gonna have some lunch are
these roaches so yes because um I never
got the best part
Austin is so scared of any type of
creature that crawls selects whether
it's a cockroach a spider and an African
butterfly you can move you so scared of
everything you so scared then he has
passion bread so yeah hopefully we get
on with you the big hopper right guys
still currently taking a shower
I just put my mask on and I wet my hair
a little bit so right now I'm gonna do
it I'm going to hide the camera and I'm
going to bail with that of I'm going to
try to get him to come in here and then
put his mask on
I'll sing I sing hello Austin are you
put this mask on but already yes so just
wash your face and up - later on and
you're going to leave it for five
minutes or you can leave it for less
than kind of take in so doesn't burn
down guys or just oh I think you'll fit
gonna burn too much
Oh
ah
five minutes
Hey hold on
let me share already burns
oh come on Liv Oh dad don't leave oh you
got my ass hey Catherine
what all right there mama good roaches
these in the Harris here that's messed
up I got a face mask
Rosalita I just there's almost scared
what happened
one operative step on it you said when
you step on it either you know I'm
committing it wait can you guys only
want wrong that's rain get rich guys
that's wrong that's wrong here
a little weak video yeah your mama got
me here my live look and Brandon whoops
all right guys videos like comment share
and subscribe I don't know though like
nothing I'm a little rusty but I think
it was a good one fellows don't judge me
this man does wonders so wait you had no
idea of the cameras where would I be
looking like this on the camera guys in
here I wrote autologous face mag the
face mask does work like magic I promise
you
so don't be judging ticket Oh get your
eyes back and I'm right
all right did you turn it off milk
uh-huh got my keys off peace
