sit down kids never last days hey spam
lay what's going on everybody
yes we were back home from Arizona I
must say it was an amazing trip amazing
experience and we are truly blessed to
be able to do we did I can't think got
enough for putting into the position to
do so I'm still speechless
how many others like I hope you all are
happy for her if you have not turned on
our pulse on vacations because we'll be
doing more giveaways and then next year
we'll be doing something like this again
so stay tuned for that and yes we were
back to a regular schedule we will be
vlogging every day it's not every day
every other day so we have a lot to
capture and a lot to share with you all
Catherine is currently trying on her new
bathing suit she has a bunch of new
stuff she wants to show you guys bathing
suits shoes products much everything in
princess she's taking a nap right now
when she wakes up I promised her she can
get some tattoos before he went on the
trip she kept touching my tattoos and I
asked her do you want tattoo she was
like hey so I promised her once we got
back from Arizona she could get tattoos
so I went out and got her some temporary
tattoos I'm excited for that bad
did you try it on yeah let's go see you
in a bathing suit every time she has a
new bathing suit and she tries to know
I'm like you fine girl you is fine
yeah Dean woo-wee as you can see I made
this Vedic see right here I'm currently
making them all bathing suits from women
all sizes what do you mean sorry I think
I like Lucy or orange is my favorite
color
but I think I like that one better god
damn I messed up
okay oh god damn I can look at you all
day so I know a lot of you guys were
asking what shoes we won our last video
these are the ones I wore oh geez season
ones Katherine wore low pink ones and we
got some other new ones recently got the
light ones we've been rockin adidas
lately nope
oh and she also got the grey ones too
these might be my favorite so I know a
lot of you are going to ask where we got
them and I do not want y'all to be
managed from a plug girl real quick
the shoe store is called cool kick one
second difference so the store is called
cool kicks if you're in LA the store is
on Melrose go check them out and I'll
put the information down below in
description just in case you're not from
LA you still go check them up because
they go on all the shoes so I just want
to show you guys is straightener really
quick um so I understand okay so I'm not
one of these like maybe eight months ago
maybe longer someone sent me one and I
didn't like it at all there was like all
these reviews saying that it didn't work
and it didn't work but it is is that it
didn't have these like little what is he
calling ridges I'm not sure with a call
but this is more like of a brush so I
just started using it maybe like last
week I got like a month ago I just
recently started using and oh my god
it's so good
so basically um there is a while I love
it so much is because it doesn't leave
me like that burnt smell in your hair
like that nasty burnt smell and didn't
leave creases in your hair so I just
wanna show you another quick power and
you see
Catherine's earrings guys if you didn't
know before she never used to worry I my
mom was like why don't you ever wear any
jewelry but god damn baby you need to
wear those every day okay so a lot of
you don't know that I have naturally
really curly hair and my natural hair is
actually dark brown so I guess so that
would be like oh I'll have awesome hair
to schooi do we have my exact hair no
she had it she has my exact hair but the
only thing is I straight my hair so much
and also dye my hair is so I'm going to
show you how this looks so this is just
after my hair was a little bit wet last
night I took a shower so I put it on
like I think like 300 degrees and then I
guess half I doesn't leave that like mmm
no no I
why to do that I don't know why I
freaking hate that strainer now because
it's so good so I'll show you and like
okay so this part here always took me
like two minutes to string that
basically is like quickcast yeah how
long does it usually take girls
straining all day so you guys are
probably wondering where I got this
trainer so as you guys know I use vanity
planet so this is a vanity planet
product that was called the vanity
planet ceramic plus training
brush so that's what it is and oh and
another reason why I love it so much is
because so my hormones completely
changed after I had L and actually lost
with hair like on the sides of my head
and you guys could probably see that I'm
like our more recent blog and so I just
started growing back like two months ago
and so now I'm here here but anyways so
I noticed when I was training with my
other straight
and which didn't happen brush my hair
would like stick up and it was so
annoying I look so stupid so now that I
have this one I don't actually get the
root of my hair which is good because
that part here isn't that curly so it's
a state it looks really it looks so much
better
and um well oh and then since Austin
plexi guys with the shoes out there I
just want to mention that expression
originally eighty dollars but I'm going
to give you a code and it's going to be
half off specifics for y'all is instead
I wish I can give them a discount on
shoes I wish we owned a shoe store or
like a company they'll be done okay I
see you out here and I wanna know why -
even straighter hair well I don't know
what you connect to it can you put this
baby - back off now you wanted to pull
oh and then on the bathing suits are
from you know you know they're gonna
have you know they're going to ask what
the culture was very gooseberry seat hi
guys well get me this come for our
supporters Barry whoever the owner all
right guys let's go see if princess is
still asleep
do you see hi guess what guess what I
got you
tattoos which one you want
oh you want the Dori one for the mini
which one you want both you want to get
a sleeve like daddy just put a sleeve on
you what arm let's do the left arm
like if I had a lot of chunk in a lot of
room much fun
what's wrong about that which one you
get a surprise ninny or flirt mini which
one which one
I know daddy's gonna do it for you which
one let's do the flirt one let me get a
towel real quick guys I haven't done
this since like who knows how long did
you ever have one these tattoos yeah you
did I do like little only so take the
plastic part off oh you don't do it okay
okay when you look at fashion on what
the heck are you doing oh no you leave
it on like this no you you leave it on
like this no no no leave it like that
Oh Lu mother you can't hit please leave
it on for a minute
hold on it's cold I'm sorry all right
take it off I'll wait wait let me do the
honors here oh you did it no no real
ones okay that's cute don't know H it
off no no no no no what's wrong she's
scared haha you want more just do more
it's get the whole leg holding how can
daddy have one two I'm gonna get neem
okay I do need money
like I was trying to put it back on
which I put mine your forehead local
mine
Noel I worship of mine where should I
put mine I'll put it on my thigh by the
way guys Alison wants to get a backpack
my whole bag does so you top of that
that's gonna be a big project honey one
milk
he will milk okay I can ask her if she
wants milk she smiles put on my hand
okay okay look look look
all right guys check this out it's about
to be able to have an emo hand
about a minute a minute yeah more like
five seconds okay you're probably ready
oh oh
it's poppy I got L and I got me mo guys
L is obsessed with cinnamon toast crunch
milk so when the fear gets in there and
I'm not that almond no it gets all
through the mini and she loves me she
loves it
delicious all thank you my C - I'm in a
good that was the UH interesting kiss
right there and the one okay did you
kill my cheetah she's not even a mouse
you mean like wow she's just giving them
out like that
maybe she's happy she's really stingy
with her kisses you have two more thank
you he do all the delicious I love you
your mommy won't be mommy kiss give
mommy kiss mommy mommy gimme
Oh
the best thing in the world hmm
I get one too all right that's enough
good happy I'm gonna change this diving
show up at tattoo girl we just changed
into every time minute oh let's put up
sort of blanket over there first cuz
there are scams going to slide hello
here put this underneath here show him
how you like the slide
Thanks yeah I need that whoo put it
underneath your butt there we go go do
it I'll show them she'll have a dream
hey hey go you go you Sean Sean baby
Sean I give you a little cool you did it
either you go he's late
what you doing hey hey that's not yours
what all right it's been a while since
you talked today Sam you want to talk to
him you know if I talk to him Kay they
miss you
you mean to say huh where you come where
you going you have to talk to them they
missed you talk to him
he has nothing to say you know they miss
you right you want to hold it there you
go you hold it oh yes I do
let me see it
don't get mad guys you get Maggie she
won't go over camera you know you can't
hold it oh thank you scrap gonna play it
in the song wait please don't play it in
the phone hey watch they'll learn how to
give hug oh no bear hug Oh get over hug
hug my turn my turn my turn
thank you Hulk good what about Miss
Piggy where's the city Miss Piggy kiss a
hug maybe she gets a hug ah miss pinky
yeah yeah
try Miss Piggy hug oh you don't like my
fish what about Elmo Elmo hug then we'll
get a hug Oh what about misty you're
thinking it's a hug Miss Piggy no oh
this thing gets a hug too Oh
okay I give a no mohawk I get help in
your hugs and I get piggy hug Miss Piggy
is all three you get like an old diaper
without you teach you my boy give you
kiss what do you do
good good good
right
crap haha you got me you got me
are you calling who are you calling that
they what was bad you're hilarious
alright guys hope she knows are there's
people on the other side of the camera
yeah she knows she sees you guys she
knows that this video gets uploaded
somewhere she's hilarious
I guess so when we were back in Phoenix
about to catch a plane because Duke came
up to us and told us that his lady
watches all our videos and she would
love to get a shot on our next video
though our post on making shout-out
today goes to Almanza mara and show her
and her son Avery
yeah shot to you girl thank you so much
watching all our videos and we noticed
that you guys also got our hats so that
well yes he showed us a picture of her
wearing her hat so shout-out to you
whoever else like a postal making shout
out all you going to do is turn our
poles indications write and comment when
done she really liked the next guys
please don't judge her because she's
baby I'm learning then when we landed in
LA before we got no uber these two young
sweet girls came up to us and gave us a
box of spring oldest cupcake yes and for
those who don't know Catherine and I are
set with sprinkle cupcakes as well as
Chris cream doughnuts as well as kids
hey me as well judges we love those
things and they hooked us up with it so
shout to you shut up you guys we love
you for that
this is what Al doesn't she gets the
phone she goes on livestream on
Instagram
oh oh you gave it to me show them how
you go on livestream on Instagram show
them what you do so a lot more like she
gets to the locket let me lock it happen
lock together good yeah getting the
phone bro here good
do your live certain thing let you do
this is what she does monks Oh
so shall we do so funny you're not doing
what you do usually well anyways she
just swiped to the right and it gets on
to the live stream and she's that I'd
like three times redone it three times
and the first two times she did it
Austin when I were like in the
background like talking about stuff I'm
doing living in all of the de Mila
carriage you don't live stream she's
crazy
I'm a anything okay I'm gonna get her
phone so it's gonna be the youngest kid
with the phone you so silly
alright guys well Katherine I have a lot
to do today I promise you we will do
much more and our vlogs to come today
was a short day but hope you guys to
enjoy obviously if you like this video
give it a thumbs up like comment share
and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful Queen always think we've added
more videos peace
