sit down kids never left hey welcome
back to town right what's going on
everybody today is the day today we pick
out our giveaway winner and as you can
see we came prepared for this moment
we got a raffle drum here and we got
potential names in this rapid room
Calvin's gonna spin that biatch fly me
for B iPad or and L a little baby girl
is going to pick out the winner
nada she will do the honors so what we
did here was we told you guys in the
last video that we were each going to
pick 20 people that we saw and felt
really strongly about himself that was
deserve to win the giveaway from us so
what we did today was we obviously we
contacted all the people and asked them
for their phone numbers so that when we
do pick the person we get to call them
and you guys get the reaction this is
good so before we begin I do want to
give a huge shout out to every single
one of our supporters everyone who is a
part of a family thank you so much to
everyone who participated in this
giveaway Katherine and I were so happy
because we actually got to witness how
strong our supporters are now it's
really refreshing to see how positive
you guys are how amazing all of these
guys aren't it was so difficult to pick
just 40 people that I understand like I
wish I can buy every single one of you a
brand new achieve you understand like
that that's definitely a dream of mine I
do have a very important message for you
guys please please please please please
if you do not win please be happy for
your fellow a family member because
don't be disappointed we're going to do
this so often we're going to do this
every year I'm going to be doing a big
big news
is like this every year and then we're
also going to be doing small giveaways
in between exactly so keep your
notifications on and stay tuned to the
age family only be a part of the family
because like she said what we doing
giveaways in between like we always do
and then every year when we do something
like this every year we enjoy doing this
this is the reason one of the reasons
why we have our channel because we want
to be able to give back to people and
give back to you guys as we go so this
is just this is fun to make applause
what's the point of having you know a
social media platform when you can't
give back right so this is what we're
doing so today it was a terrific don't
get a lousy go yell go get it only
please oh and one more thing - okay so
we were saying that we were going to do
a livestream of this but we decided that
we're not going to because we don't want
to disappoint anyone when we call the
winner and then respond exactly and we
want to leave it all big surprise guys
so we're doing it this way but yeah
there's no liking all right oh yeah oh
oh can't fit it yet guys you don't
understand like how nervous I am because
well whoever wins this Oh whoever wins
it I'll be in contact with you from here
on out you cannot want to know how the
cheeks is doing you better take care of
this Jesus all I gotta say
and rg3 rg3 veteran hey you ready
princess baby ready else you want to
spin you said you want to say all right
guys so before we spin this all I have
to say is good luck to everyone good
luck guys and we love you and we love
you all mine here we go you ready
you ready
oh you a didn't wanna go ahead yeah go L
take out the winter get out can you
reach in there in there open it
alright guys so the way yes son yes one
says from Arizona I actually remembered
another two dozen one I think really
yeah Wow God our God well L said she had
to go and she only made an appearance
taking what are you lucky people up and
yeah well as you tell us he's waiting
for a paycheck so what I did call you
say yes okay so I have everyone's
numbers and here's how to look for
please answer the phone girl please
all right here we go you guys drinking
this got turn for sure you're shiny with
me all right you want huh yeah
Harlan hello
Yesenia yes do you know who this is this
is Austin hi how are you I'm doing great
what are you doing at this very moment
yeah work well guess what today's your
lucky day Nina why you you want a brand
new Jeep congratulations
I would be too
I'm shaking right now and I'm one with
an energy hey captain Cavanaugh say hi
to you yeah so um it's funny because we
just take to you and it's crazy because
I remember exactly where when we picked
your name I was like why it's okay to be
someone to me because we absolutely love
your story and we were so happy with
your sign up your message and yeah it's
meant to be
Oh
- so now what the plan is now it's funny
because we're actually on camera right
now so and the a family nobody knows
that that you didn't want the Jeep you
wanted to win it for your sister correct
okay so now what the plan is now make
sure obviously do not take your sister
yet right definitely not so Catherine I
yeah yeah exactly so so the plan is now
Catherine are going to buy our tickets
tonight to go to Arizona to come see you
and and then we're going to we're going
to ship the Jeep to you so hopefully the
plant the plan is to when we get there
we want the G to arrived the same day we
do and then all three of us together we
can surprise your sister okay cool so
try your best to keep the decision I
know it's gonna be hard but try your
best okay it's gonna be so hard but try
to keep it a secret because it's going
to be so worried that when we show you
so much okay so so we're going to do
after we go off camera after we're done
filming we're going to give you a call
so we can get some more information from
you and then we'll go from there okay
all right we'll be calling you soon for
a very home we love you too have a great
day okay
I talk to you a little bit Mike yeah
crazy so crazy cuz like when
picked her like okay so when I'll pick
the piece of paper I felt like a lie and
then she was only I think you the only
person whose name started with the lied
and I was like I think this is the girl
that I specifically thought this would
be so cool if she won cuz she was
actually trying to win it for his sister
Jennifer herself on the reverse sister
because I'm not sure we can show the
story with you guys but I'll do it
anyway she's a mythical person yeah
nothing bad oh we get it and by the way
we did so much research on every single
person that we write so the past week
we've been literally picking people one
by one like taking our time and picking
the right people right so her sister
originally gave her car to the girl we
just called Mew Senya and so she was
left without a car and she was trying to
save up money to buy her dream car which
is a jeep and so ever since
Yesenia got the car from her sister
she's been trying to figure out a way to
repay her and obviously she says this
very moment it's going to take a while
for her to save up to buy a jeep and
make sure you know we came along and we
make that dream come true so it is
amazing all you're going to say like
it's literally happy you want great at
home I feel like I'm getting a Jeep
right now oh great hope you guys are
just as happy as we are for her it's
amazing it's only be even more amazing
once we fly and actually handle the keys
and she's in the Jeep
I can't wait for that moment so we're
gonna once we're done with this video
we're going to go and plan it out as
fast as we can so we can shoot the video
for you guys because it's going to be a
great experience
we're so excited to just be there and
just meet her and her sister we did it
guys all of us we did and like I said
please be happy for don't be
disappointed at all we wish we literally
wish that we could have done this times
times we wish would kind of take 210
people during all you guys like
literally like you understand it was so
hard Kathryn and I believe it or not we
read every single one your comments
every single message every single email
we were up we weren't getting no sleep
because we're
trying to figure out I was about four or
five in the morning breastfeeding and we
really just reading every comment and
looking into their social media outlets
and like even if I were to email I would
go as far as looking for them and seeing
who they were and so it was a lot of
work but it was so worth it and and as
you guys remember exactly who we picked
that just shows you that we really did
our research and we really put all of
our hearts into picking before a people
and as you guys just saw you know she
was super appreciative like Katherine
who required the same talking and she
just kept saying I wasn't going to cry
before we started filming I'm not going
to cry but she doesn't deserve it I'm so
happy for her and her family and her
systems and everyone that we picked
deserved it just as much as the other
person all of your stories are so
beautiful some of your stories made me
cry um it's um kind of imminent did you
try to make me cry I can't cry your
story abridges so like it was just so
crazy to see all of your guys's oh can
we get we did a great job so yeah guys I
hope you enjoyed this video stay tuned
for the next video because you actually
see them getting the car getting the
Jeep and all those being together so
should be fun
we're going to film the whole thing from
us getting the frame does getting there
it's crazy a very surprising someone
else yeah so which is even that really
God wanted us to take her but it's
amazing we're doing this again guys and
don't worry it's not a last time or your
notifications turned on guys it's going
to keep giving giveaways and may not be
a Jeep like I said next year around this
time in the summertime we do want to do
something like this every year as our
YouTube journey continues and we're
going to keep based on grown thank you
guys so much for tuning in as always
obviously guys like this video like legs
like like like like
like I did keep liking me comment share
and subscribe and like me my beautiful
crying clean always say we'll be back
with more videos P one more one more one
more last one okay
