sit down kids never left hey son welcome
back to your channel guys what's going
on everybody
all right guys so after reading all your
guys comments and getting all your guys
input we came to the decision Kathir and
I came to a decision and today people
today's day today we will be purchasing
the Jeep that you guys picked up all
right guys so if you're watching this
today you know that today's video is the
third video that we're doing for the
giveaway we still have a couple more
left but if you haven't seen the video
prior to this one you might want to go
check that out so you kind of know and
have a better understanding of what's
going on and if you're too lazy to go
watch the last video I guess we'll break
it down for you real quick so Kathryn
and I are buying one of our eight family
members of brand new Jeep and we are
giving all of our subscribers a fair
opportunity to win so in order to win
all you have to do is follow simple
directions for example subscribe to our
channel if you do not have a youtube
account
I suggest you create one and subscribe
and then on top of that
follow us on instagram my instagram is
right here and mine is right here and
another instruction that we're giving
you is to follow our snapchats which
happen to be the same usernames that you
just saw pops up on the screen also make
sure you watch this video all the way
through because we'll be giving
instructions throughout the entire video
so you do not want to skip a part
because you may miss an instruction
exactly imma be honest guys picking a
potential winner for this giveaway is a
lot harder than Kathryn is like we have
to literally read through every single
comment on every social media platform
Instagram Twitter YouTube and that's why
we say come and say something because
otherwise we won't see you so you're not
commenting you're not saying anything
then we're not going to see you right
and it's even harder because the first
video we make this giveaway the big
announcement video there was a lot of
negative people in that video and I
didn't even notice that actually until
we did the second video I went back
because that's when I started looking
for potential winners right and I
noticed there are so many negative
people and it's so funny because we just
got done saying now we had the best fan
base and the best feedback even though
if you guys watch the video when we
reach 1 million subscribers we literally
praised you guys for being so positive
yeah
and once we released that first video
about the big announcement and seeing
all you guys is negative comments and
negative people it was a big
disappointment yeah and we have to
literally make sure those people do not
have a chance to win yeah because they
want to be fair for the people are
always positive
like the people will we talk about and
yeah you've been following us since day
one and you've been watching our videos
for a while now I mean you know exactly
how Austin and I are you know what's up
you know you know us pretty much all you
want to do I help people and be good
people yeah that's it
yes as we see anything negative and
obviously you're in the wrong place
because there's nothing negative over
here going on guys like I said make sure
you watch this video all the way through
because we will be giving other
instructions throughout this video
instruction and at the end of this video
we'll be explaining exactly how we will
pick the winner yeah we've had a lot of
questions oh how are you picking the
winner well we have a idea yeah we want
to explain that to you guys later on in
this video because after today we
officially have the car so yeah all we
need is a winner
alright guys we're gonna head to the
dealership and take it off the lot
let's go purchase the Jeep for you guys
do you think this is I can't wait to you
guys your longer text I mean I'm pretty
sure you guys can guess what oh I'm so
excited guys oh I can't like too like
our Jeep is next to your guys a Jeep
like no no this is what I can't wait for
I can't wait for like the day when we
call the winner and really
hey just want to do promised gonna be so
great no you're just cuz we're going to
be flying there guys or if you're in LA
I mean we don't know the presence of you
knowing right I want it to be somewhere
else so we can go make a trip I mean but
if it's Anneli is ok too
I don't know but all I know is God will
help us pick that right person you ready
to go get this deep y'all ready go give
it a jig with us come with us let's go
God guess where we are you're at the
best leadership in town we are here I'm
ready for my show are you guys ready to
see what we're about to purchase all
right guys now about to walk inside and
find the man of the hour
Oh Sam where is Sam was going off on man
are you ready for today yeah man I'm so
stoked to see what your subscribers
picked out for a little go outside and
check it out let's do it
trying to get me right hey Steven got
the ball on it for you guys
hahaha dan that's a nice G what you
think bro I got feeling this is the one
thing we're going to peg
alright guys what'd you guys think
alright I just want to say something
before we go in and it wasn't for us
having the black jeans I would have
definitely got the white okay alright
guys so now we're going to go in here
and handle the paperwork as best we can
so we can take the chinks home alright
baby why you handle the complicated
stuff and we'll go have some fun all
right guys this looks like my second
home
I learned it feel like I'm here every
day and this is what separates this
dealership from other dealerships it
doesn't take a look around everybody is
having a good time chillin they got
couches over here the more man right
here he's dressed with casuals casual
can get come on people here just have a
good time right that's how we could do
it he looked good to the relaxed buffer
that's what that's the way behind the
car right goodbye new colleague yes
not to mention this place is owned by
one of my favorite basketball players
Russell Westbrook check him out check
them out he's all over this place even
got his own basketball court here bro if
you ever need that one-on-one I'm right
here
shout to you bro so in the meantime
whoever has bought a car you guys know
the paperwork process takes a little
while it's on the bush shoot some hoops
I'm with me
alright what I'm gonna do I'll make this
shot behind my head I'm buying all my
ATM remember all of our subscribers are
bringing imagine I'm a pet I want how to
buy every single one you got a brand new
Jeep that's great
alright guys
here are your Heat
you guys are good to go let's go let's
take it home let's put the bow in the in
the back on anyone now just leaving the
back for now so we get to the house
Wow bet you look amazing in this Jeep a
beautiful woman
I don't know once we pick the winner
we'll all get together and figure out a
name a beautiful woman and a beautiful
Jeep arm oh man I think that might be
the last time we're gonna see you huh
that's it and I just want to say one
thing to all your subscribers Wow I
think you guys did an amazing job just
following the simple instructions now we
ask you guys they really did yeah
following our Instagram page they rule
your is exceptional
I'm sole instrument but but often
honestly I feel that was just a little
too easy don't you think they should
also like our Facebook page follow us on
there hell yeah
oh you guys have one more set of
instructions and divided to follow us on
Facebook at Russell Westbrook speedy jr.
and if that's you complicated for you
it's going to be right up here all right
guys so go folder Facebook like their
page blow it up and come and ask first
and when you want to get an e this is
the man to go to y'all yes this is the
dealership to go to and this is the man
to go to right here and so everybody out
there this might be the last time you
guys need me for all your subscribers
out there I wish all of you guys the
best of luck and may the best person win
I appreciate that man thank you so much
for everything
other things you so cool
what are you doing guys I know I need to
get gas but I just want to say I'm so
happy to be the first to drive this car
as you can see it only has 40 miles it's
beautiful so hopefully they let us take
up an extra parking spot for a few days
where can we park now my car is like
right in the middle park over here on
this side
carts she'll be right next to her little
brother
Catherine might be the best Parker I
know guys she taught me how to park for
some reason this huh
I show them oh my god turn that light
off ah that looks kind of cool for some
reason this image right here which is
brings me so much joy guys one of our
subscribers one of our family members is
about to own this car and be the little
brother to our Jeep the Shelby our guy
so his little brother is at home safe
and sound and your guys's last
instruction for this giveaway the most
important instructions all you got to do
is click the link in the description and
retweet the link obviously for the next
couple days until we pick the winner
keep showing love keep trying to be
noted and that's it so now for the big
question you guys are wondering how our
awesome and I picking the winner so what
we came up with was what we're going to
do is I'm going to pick 20 people that I
feel really really really really really
strongly about and then awesome over 20
people that feel really really really
really strongly about and you're going
to put it all in a half or whatever and
we're going to pick the winner like that
guys and we're going to do a live stream
of a shoot so you guys will be able to
see everything happen and another thing
that I do want to mention too is once we
do have those 20 people and my do we
already have some of the people that
were thinking about possibly winning
what we're going to do is we're going to
let you guys know and we're going to do
this we're going to be messaging all of
the 40 people that are potential winners
and we're going to be asking you for
your numbers and your where you're from
and so that when we do
live stream than we do pick the winner
we're going to call you live oh is that
good be excited all I gotta say is for
the next few days show love keeps
shining and to be on your social media
lurking because we'll be contacting 40
people total to have a chance have an
opportunity that randoms you from us and
another thing I do want to mention is
I've seen some comments and some
messages and just you know comments
throughout all of our social media that
have really touched me and I'm just like
wow okay like let me see they followed
instructions and I notice that you're
not following one of us are not
following either of us and you haven't
been kind of following the instructions
that we mentioned or in Prior videos and
that's really disappointing because I'm
just like oh I wish I could just could
just pick this person but then that
happen no guys really follow each step
of the way you forgot some things go
back in the last video and just follow
simple instruction guys and I promise
you you guys are all have a fair
opportunity to win exactly
I can't wait to him somebody the keys
he'll be amazing and guys if you haven't
noticed Catherine and I are rocking our
new hat crazy go check out our website
the sale is still going on today 30% off
all hats go check them out guys
obviously guys like this video like it
like it like it share comment and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
point always saying back in my video mmm
oh mama is
