someone told me never saw
please don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
look this guy high-test your limit
you feel like stop incredible most there
I can see I'm sorry al al al al
where are you yeah
Elle how are you Elle well that's not
that L you think it's a serial no al
versus little girl
are you behind Alyssa damn l:l I know
you're hiding from dead what's going
wait do you see what I see
mmm was that for us
Ryan definitely made that this is sick
ace family I'm not sure if you can see
this or not but uh your boy Ryan hooked
it up woke up to this this morning and
it's beautiful yeah it is sick I feel
like it looks better closer so zoom
alright guys so as we were walking out
here we found this what the hell is this
oh all right let's do we got here
hey that's a rat rat game wait better
look at this angle right here yo this is
sick oh no like doesn't yo you should
spray paint the three of us where ah
don't tell them do not tell them not yet
what what oh hell naw cute that's super
cute alright guys so we received a
package the other day and we're gonna
mean to show you guys I know y'all know
I know yeah
I know y'all know that we love shoes and
we know y'all love when we plug y'all
with stuff like shoes so we don't show
you all some exclusive custom vans we
got the other day yo you've never worn
those shoes yes so the first one these
ones are awesome mm-hmm I got you and
then there's these ones you know I love
these these ones I think you guys have
seen this one before cuz we've had these
four these must know these ones actually
might be my favorite those are my
favorite actually black G what I like
these cuz you're just subtle like you
can barely see it
you guys obviously already seen these go
yards okay oh yeah these are hard
vans exco yard wait yeah I don't know
you had these we got matching ones I'm
gonna wear these I have to clean them
and then you guys have seen these on
yeah custom vans is where it's at yeah
yeah we forgot I had these these are so
nice so I just realized that we got to
start wearing our shoes those are plain
oh my God look are used to wearing these
every day when I was pregnant last you
need to throw those away
no I wear these so much knows pregnant
so what's gonna be your pregnancy this
year I feel like it's gonna be these
what it's problem
I don't know I'm probably just gonna
wear like the green bands so we know
y'all love when we plug y'all with stuff
so uh we don't give you out a van plug
shout out to major weights up with his
link in the description so y'all can get
your own custom bands major plug what
color is this green or like I said lemon
a lemon cut you like a lemon cake this
reminds me of oh yeah it says let me see
him let me see him I see you girl hey
Stanley almost forgot to tell y'all you
know we did last night I'm not gonna lie
kind of hurt shut up right now so y'all
know I got Katherine a purse for
Valentine's Day right
oh my god this is so cute
you buckle it it yeah oh my god is so
cute
I do I like it thank you
yeah that one come to find out she
didn't really like it Austin okay he's
family first of all I liked all the
purses you got me
every single one they're all beautiful
they're all the same color they were all
beautiful but one of them in particular
I decided later on and I didn't really
like notice this at first but I decided
that I didn't specifically need that
purse because it's like the same size as
all my other purses and I wouldn't use
it as much so I decided to exchange it
or something else for something that I'm
gonna be using so much more you're right
I agree something much bigger so it's
like wider and longer so I could fit
like diapers and stuff when I have the
other one so now you have to show them
your new purse because if not they're
gonna be commenting saying how can we
can't show us or show us in the next
table why you're not upset you made it
sound you're upset or something
okay guys I'm not upset I'm just joking
guys I'm a type of person not like if I
buy something it's because I have to use
it a lot like I don't just buy anything
just to buy it or have it in my closet I
literally have to wear every single
thing I buy except for the shoes that
you saw because that's a lot of vans
that I got from a friend of ours that
makes vans or custom vans and so
obviously can't wear all of my shoes I
go so I'm good I'll show you guys uh-huh
don't show me Oh new person I didn't
pick out all right go ahead bring it
over here
all right ladies and gents this is what
I exchanged exchange exchange exchange
exchanged the purse for another purse
that is way bigger and I can fit so much
more stuff in here yeah that one is nice
it's really nice and I'm gonna use this
so much like pretty much every day
that one is nice I ain't gonna lie I see
now one there I was gonna get it but a
lady told me everyone had it no no that
is not true
so y'all would thank you for my
valentine thinkin well you know I love
you a family Katherine I hardly ever
speak on a Stanley members coming to our
home but it's kind of getting out of
hand
and it's definitely an invasion of
privacy because they're literally in
front with binoculars like this looking
inside she's point a telescope sky she
has binoculars oh no oh no we gotta
expose her let's go to Al's room
everyone get away from the window
I've never the one to do this but this
is just not right guys you can't do this
at someone's home like we live here
we're not like animals okay where'd she
get the binocular girl go oh no this is
guys I don't know who told you that this
is okay but it's not you know we love
you we love you too much to talk about
yeah we love people we feel like we
shouldn't have to talk about it because
you guys should love us back in return
but some of you just don't and this is
just sad like we got cameras all on the
house we bought to get sensors on the
gate so suppose you come up and touch it
go this is a pee a little nasty ass but
uh but for real though like they have
binoculars and I trying to look inside
our home like what if I was naked like
what if L and Catherine's is naked like
come on my woman's pregnant like you
can't just be telling her and they lucky
my damn security guard we're on his
lunch break
look my family over here looking
disgusting know what to do anymore
guys I do not like to expose people in
general but where's she going where she
at worse where's she going where's she
going now we were she going
wait oh the char file they're trying to
find a way in this bro I got a call
security for Ofra what are you doing
she's trying to find what is she oh oh
she just got a rose okay it's not that
bad
she's she's got a flower it's not that
bad guys sorry she wasn't trying to
sneak in for the people were in this car
if you watch this video please just
don't come we love you but please don't
come to our home binoculars like I said
we could be naked and it's not okay bye
we love you I love you
she's she look she's waving she doesn't
see us but she's waving oh I love you so
much I love you oh I love you I love you
too I know you're waving you're still
waving I love you oh we love you too I'm
sorry but we can't I'm so sorry this is
our home is where we live
bye hopefully we see y'all in public I
love you so much
I love you I love you I love you guys oh
shit I think she saw me time to go
all right guys but for real there's no
nice way to say this but I'm gonna try
my best to sound nice and it sucks
because I know we're not the only ones
that are experiencing this but it does
have to be addressed and like I said
before Katherine and I never speak on
this but by what you just saw I think
now is a good time to say something
please
please please please please have respect
for our privacy this is our home this is
where we live
my soon-to-be two-year-old daughter
lives here and as a father that can
concern me because you never know the
person that comes to our house you don't
know what they're capable of don't get
me wrong I know that ace family has a
lot of love a lot of love but we also
know that there's people out there that
have a lot of hate they have a lot of
hate in them and it's not right that we
have to be worried about living in our
home and I would be honest it sucks to
feel that way and I even feel bad for
Katherine cuz she feels like she can't
even go outside to check her mail or to
throw trash away definitely not during
the night because you just never know
what could happen like I said I am
saying this in the nicest way possible
please have respect for our privacy do
not come to our home you guys know if we
see you in public we'll be the first to
give you a hug to take the picture she
even let you spin the night at our home
you guys know we love you so fucking
much but there's a line and you can't
cross that line so I hope I said that
right hopefully I didn't take it the
wrong way if you did it is what it is I
still love you alright guys sorry I
don't think a little commercial break
but it was very necessary back to the
vlog alright guys so I recently heard
that there was a new drink added to the
Jamba Juice menu it is called fruity
pebbles now you guys know my favourite
Jamba Juice drink is the white gummy but
now that I hear that there is a new
drink added called the fruity pebbles I
gotta try this I don't think it's gonna
be better than the white gummy but let's
go find out so while Katherine gives out
naptime I'm gonna see if Ryan wants to
go with me that's right
Brett you want a ride Patti I need a
jacket Susan is cold as hell outside are
a family so we just arrived at Jamba
Juice but before we go inside and order
this new drink called the fruity pebbles
can we please take a moment of silence
for my outfit today
you've got two seconds to roast me down
to come alright guys so I'm about to
order the drink hopefully the person
that told me wasn't lying I don't sound
stupid here we go let's find out Allah
how you doing can I please get is it
called Fruity Pebbles what's it called
pretty rocks fruity rock early pebbles
kind of thing one inside can I get a
let's play it safe and just get a medium
cuz it's my first time trying it I
usually get the white gummy look I'm
trying something over today all right
guys so for this new drink I will be the
guinea pig for you guys and it wasn't
called fruity pebbles is called fruity
rocks alright guys this is what it looks
like
fruity rocks the moment of truth
oh shit
let me taste it
this shit might be better than the light
gummy breath so there's no drink called
the free rocks is definitely worth
getting I like I say Jamba Juice you owe
me money actually since Jamba Juice
always coming up with new drinks on the
menu
how will I create my own drink actually
got a better idea how about I create a
drink for Katherine
and I put something in the drink that
she does not like at all
like someone she hates carrots so what
I'm gonna do is create a drink and put
carrots a bunch of carrots in the drink
but mix it with something else she does
not know and y'all better not tell her
it's family I'm not playing with y'all
you better not tell her keep it a secret
between you and I I love you forever
okay so I came up with the idea
all right so I'm gonna create a drink
yeah so I'm a cream oh my wife we're
gonna plate something she hates in it
which is carrots yes a bunch of carrots
but you carry the blended drink yes and
I'm gonna leave the rest up to you yeah
no you're gonna put some other fruits in
there to like mix it up so she doesn't
know those carrots inside yeah like a
strawberry
she loves strawberry juice for sure what
i'ma leave it up to you because if I get
in trouble on the blame you
let's just go with a small because I'm I
don't think she's gonna like this that
much but hopefully the plan is prefer
not to know at all it's gonna be a
little orange I'm gonna just say it's
just orange blast yes guys it didn't
come out that orange so it's not that
noticeable all right guys so I got the
drink I guess I should try it first
he'll know so let's take it home and
have her try now I'll see y'all back at
the house oh all right guys we've made
it back to the house now let's go inside
and have her try this
that bad guy should drink also sleep no
it's actually one I created good you
like it
sofa really um alright guys he better
not tell you what I did she actually
liked it it's time to think damn cold
off again honey alright guys so we don't
late and close out today's video right
here Catherine I have to get ready to go
to the all-star game later today like I
mentioned before if you're there make
sure you say hi to us we love you all
so thank you all for tuning in as always
before we close on today's video we do
have to give our post notifications
shout out to hold up let me go ask
Catherine
so before we close out today's video we
do have to give our poll some indication
shout out to whoever else like a poll
certification shout out all you gonna do
is subscribe to the eggs family hit that
subscribe button turn our post
notifications hit that Bell button and
once you do those two things all you got
to do is come in done and obviously if
you liked today's video you gotta give
your thumbs up give it a thumbs up if
you're not gonna tell Catherine so like
comment share and subscribe and like me
in my beautiful point always say we'll
be back for more
videos peace
