Donna kiss never left hey Stemler
welcome back to our channel guys what's
going on everybody hey family if you're
watching this video I suggest you get
somewhere where it's quiet turn the
volume all the way up and tuning today
is the day that we've been waiting for
for months we've been talking about this
for weeks as you guys know so we're here
to tell you what it is so as you guys
know that ace family not just us you
guys as well we have hit 1 million
subscribers so because of that reason
because we hit 1 million subscribers for
all of your love and your support we
decided to give all of you an
opportunity to win a Jeep that we
purchased a brand new Jeep brand new and
the reason why we picked a Jeep is
because for those who are subscribed to
our channel those were part of our
family you guys know I surprised Kathryn
with a brand new Jeep on Valentine's Day
so you guys know that we love the Jeep
whether you're single you have a family
whatever whatever that your situation is
we feel like you know a Jeep is a great
car for anyone so that's the reason why
we picked that car specifically all
right guys this what we have planned so
this entire month is dedicated to you
guys dedicated to the ACE family because
we will be making six video I'm sorry
but we won't be making vlogs in between
but we'll be making six videos for this
entire project so the first video is
obviously today the introduction of what
we're doing and you know basically like
the journey of what we're going to do
for the rest of the month so please stay
tuned to the next videos that we're
going to be doing because it's really
crucial to kind of understand what's
going on as far as winning the Jeep and
then as well as other things that we
have planned for you guys
so each video this month will bring
something new like said this video of
introduction
the second video will be us taking you
guys to the dealership and give you guys
options or what cheap you guys want us
to buy you the third video will be us
going and actually purchasing the Jeep
and that will be the day you guys
actually have a chance to enter the Jeep
that you guys texted yes so this is all
you guys the fourth video will be us
actually picking the winner and the last
video is probably one of my favorites it
will be of us personally handing you
guys the key to the car obviously
shipping the car to you guys so you guys
get your brand new Jeep only problem
with this giveaway is that unfortunately
we can't ship the car to people who are
overseas so this giveaway will be taking
place in just the United States you guys
understand because I'll ship in a car
out there is just not doable but just
know for overseas people we will be
doing something for you guys very soon
we love you all equally and we
appreciate all of you and we're so
thankful for all of you and we
definitely want to do something for
every single one of you in the future
it's just this is something that's going
to be specifically taking place here as
you guys know we will be purchasing one
of our subscribers of brand new Jeep
right we will also have a second and a
third place winner as well the second
place winner will have a chance to win
$1,000 and our third place winner will
have a chance to receive a brand new
iPhone all right guys Catherine and I
have decided that if this goes as
planned we will be doing something like
this annually so I mean every year
something just like this whether it's a
car just a trip something something fun
we're going to do this every single year
because this is our way to give back to
you guys
exactly we cannot stress this enough we
are so blessed beyond dahab to even have
the opportunity to give back to you guys
like guys like this is not just us this
is you guys as well we're at the point
now where we have a platform to be able
to do stuff like this and give back to
you guys so now you guys are probably
wondering how do I win this giveaway
because how do I have a chance of
winning this giveaway I never win
anything how could I win right so this
is how you can enter the giveaway so
obviously we want a fair chance for
every single one of our subscribers to
win this giveaway so after thinking long
and hard you know for months
how can we make this possible how can we
make this fair for every single one of
you to have a chance but we're going to
do is on the 15th on our website we're
going to pick out seven different
designs for you guys to purchase to have
a chance to win the game plan and
they're all going to be discounted
they're going to be you know this kind
of hat so that everyone gets a fair
chance and you guys know if you're part
of the ace family every video in the
description is the website link to where
you can find our hat so obviously in
order for you to have a chance to win
this giveaway in order for you to have a
chance to win a brand new Jeep you have
to be subscribed to the ACE family you
have to join the family and if you do
not have a youtube account I suggest you
make one to subscribe on the 15th guys
the 15th will be the day you guys can
enter this giveaway and just know if you
don't win the car they don't win the
Jeep you do have other opportunities of
winning something yeah
thousand dollars or a brand new phone so
the reason why we were telling you guys
today is because we want everybody to
have an opportunity to collect the funds
you know if you're young save up the
lunch money
you know to have a chance on the 15th to
enter this giveaway and have a chance to
win you're probably wondering you know
how does how to calculate and also know
who I am how does that work so what
happens is for a bell burger burger
though once you place your order you get
an order number and you get that on your
email you get a confirmation number so
that's not number specifically that is
your entry to the giveaway exactly so
what you do purchase your hat save that
water number either take a screenshot
yeah keep it in your emails take your
money and make sure that you put all of
your correct information on your order
so you're going to put your first and
last name you're going to put your
address your number and obviously you're
going to get that hot shipped to your
address right because because it does
add a he does just purchasing a hat yeah
so you're just what you're doing is
you're just supporting us as a family
you're supporting the aides family and
you're purchasing a hot of your choice
we're giving you seven options so you're
probably wondering okay I just purchased
my hat okay I have my order number my
hats you know you look at your tracking
number your hats coming you know on
Tuesday whatever day that is and you're
probably wondering okay how do I know
that
one so what often and I decided we're
going to do is we're going to do a live
stream on both of our Instagram accounts
and we're also going to be doing a video
on our YouTube channel of us picking the
winners so there's going to be you know
tons of order numbers that we're going
to be picking from from the time that we
decided to do the giveaway so from the
15th through what date is that we're
going to do the 15th we picked a winner
we're going to give you guys five days
to enter and then we'll be picking the
winner after that yeah so our you be
picking the winner after that obviously
like I said you have to make sure you
have all your information on there
because we will be calling you and we
will be handing you the keys and the
next video after you guys we're getting
all this on footage like I said we're
making six videos out of this so you
have to watch each one yeah you're not
literally be seeing the entire process
of the whole thing and we want you to be
a part of it just as much as the other
person so make sure to subscribe because
you don't want to miss any of these
videos and you don't want to miss Matt
like I said we have we have other plans
as well and make sure make sure you tell
your friends your family your dogs till
anybody even see god that looks like
dogs or dogs one family too so we want
everybody have a chance and you want
your friends and we have a chance to win
too right that's it that's what makes it
fun so whoever is a part of the eighth
family you know if you're a supporter
you know that we give back and you know
that's it's been one of our dreams to
give back to a charity so I don't know
if you guys some of you guys remember
about a couple of months ago I asked you
guys on some chat what charities do you
feel strongly about
so what Austin and I decided was we're
going to pick a charity at a later date
and we're going to be giving a
substantial amount of money to and what
we'll be doing is we'll be capturing you
know all of that on film for you guys to
see because the end of the day you guys
are helping them to it's not just oh
yeah I'm not playing it well we built
this community this family this team
together so not only are we helping a
charity you guys are open to charity as
well as you guys do not understand how
excited we were to make this video like
thanks so funny because a lot of you
thought we're having a mean Greek so he
just I was pregnant like why would I say
no guys in Skyrim
I will be purchasing a brand new Jeep
for one of our ace family members one of
our support you not even under salad
we're so excited to hand you the keys
and you know ship this car to you it
doesn't matter where you are a community
Nebraska it doesn't matter where you are
we will be fine to you and handing your
kid everyone will have a chance to win
the brother to your Jeep shall be
brother yeah oh and like we said before
you're also gonna be picking this Jeep
so this is not just you know our choice
you often get an input in exactly if
we're going to purchase a jeep for you
guys we also want you guys to tell us
which one you guys want yeah make sure
you watch next video the next videos
will be so much fun guys and I think it
will literally begin next video okay
this is just the introduction you know
now you guys know we're going to do for
you guys you gotta have to sit there and
get most links because I know a lot of
you guys have been anxious for us to you
the big news and this is the big news
yeah so don't don't go you know trying
to purchase a hat right now because you
know that's not that's not that won't be
an entry to the giveaway so just wait
until the next video or until the video
that we tell you you know go and process
what do we cover everything I think so
because everything you guys all I got to
say is I hope I hope we didn't make it
too complicated for you guys to
understand I hope not but all I got to
say is make sure you're subscribed so
you can continue watching the series of
videos to understand what's going on and
obviously we're gonna let you guys know
when you can enter it is going to be on
the 15th so I marked it down your
calendar and make sure you watch next
video guys I listed all my shoulders now
cuz I've been wanting the talent for so
long so excited for you guys you don't
understand like we've literally been
talking about this for five months
straight
obviously the first-place winner gets a
brand new Jeep second place gets $1,000
in third place gets a brand new iPhone
but if you guys do not win the Jeep or
any prizes be happy for your fellow
members be happy for your fellow
ace family members
yeah because someone will literally win
a brand-new car and it's like I said
this has been a dream of ours for a long
time now we love helping people and we
love helping you guys because you guys
we just want to see a smile on your face
we just want to make a change in
someone's life you know having a car can
really change someone's life you never
know what that person you know is going
through and you know maybe $1,000 might
change your life maybe you're maybe the
iPhone that guys we can't thank you
enough for giving this opportunity to
give back to you guys it truly does mean
the world to us so just know if you
don't want to do and if you don't win
the second or third price you are
getting a hat so your your money is not
going to waste you're getting a product
a nice that guys a nice at a family has
or lid yeah so you know and then today
you're just buying a hat um but you do
get this awesome chance and we're so
excited for this alright guys well hope
you enjoyed this video
obviously like share and subscribe must
subscribe and like me my beautiful Queen
always say we'll be back in my videos be
