sit down relax
hi bro I need one zero zero zero zero
zero zero
I mean that that's 1 million right for
one mil yep cool all right we got all
right oh no oh no how you gonna sit in
the car all right
you're sure about the Jeep
wondering why we're almost inside we're
almost a million subscribers and then
the 1 million a family member I look
everybody's everybody's tweeted into
your show that I look look look oh my
god oh yeah look what we have
so I was a little rough right now yeah
we had a rough time we did it guys not
us we you guys and we'll man a family
I'm Swiss Amit I don't miss to say yeah
you guys are amazing they're like and we
first started to begin like it's so much
to say that we died this is the 8th
month and this month will be 8 months
that we've been on YouTube since we
started YouTube like we never had you
two before not like since we started
YouTube yeah actually filming on the
regular basis guys in 8 months less than
8 months 7 months we've hit 1 million
eight family members man who cheer up
man I'm gonna go ahead and turn up with
my family yes I wish all you guys were
here so we can have a big ol party
because you guys should be celebrating
as well because you guys did this not
just us you guys did it so we're gonna
go celebrate I'm going to take my girls
out to dinner and we're just gonna have
fun and just keep the journey going keep
the eight family members alive everyday
we're going to grow and we're just gonna
inspire guys like all of us like us you
guys the goal is to inspire others yeah
guys you can see got the 1 million
balloons and obviously as you guys saw
this is completely last-minute we didn't
expect to get a million not quickly we
did not literally like you're gonna have
like another week yeah we weren't ready
for this plan at all it was last minute
and then last night we were scared that
we were gonna hit a million while we
were sleeping
yes I said alarms like paralyzed for 2
o'clock 4 o'clock we don't want to miss
the action we don't want to miss the
actual when they action
we want to make sure evaluate you know
live for you guys so you guys can
celebrate with us so alright guys my my
thinking on girls a dinner about to
going to get ready and so makes you guys
keep watching alright guys as you know
I'm taking my girls out to dinner
tonight for a little celebration and I
got them a little some some cute little
roses home from our princess
and one from my queen and little does
Catherine know that is the reason why we
did not use the Jesus mornings because I
had these roses hidden in the Jeep and a
family I know you guys gonna be upset
with me if I do not tell you the name of
these roses they are called my lasting
bouquet so fellas if you like these
roses and you want to get them for your
girl or your mom or whoever I'll put the
link in the description for you so you
don't get mad at me women you can also
get them men deserve rose to all the way
way way only the good ones only the good
ones
alright so let me put them right here so
she don't seem
all right there we go
god damn is that a new dress Bevis yeah
look new to me
yeah you look sexy as hell hey wait
welcome back to your town guys what's
going on everybody before we start I got
something for my queen Oh
you know I had this bitch what is that
little something wouldn't you get it
thank you
cutely I got it good morning a couple
days ago ahead a hit in the gene that's
all you used to cheat this morning
couldn't vote I'm not saying to use the
car I call for help
this is really pretty like Beauty and
the Beast like it yeah actually nice
really help better guys I like to think
my mark L asleep in her room her
grandmother watching herself and our
guys want to sit down gather ourselves
actually take the time to talk to you
guys because we were too height earlier
we really we even know what to say yeah
we're just way too height do this later
because we're too excited right now all
right so now we're going to sit down and
talk to you guys a little bit because
without you guys
none of this will be possible we
wouldn't have a youtube channel for them
for you guys so we want to thank you
guys so much for everything not we did
it we did it as a whole we did the ACE
family did it and I wasn't for you guys
watching our videos supporting us you
know just as far as even just telling us
that you want to see is more often that
just inspired us to make more videos for
you guys
and if it wasn't for that we would be
exactly not to mention like she said you
guys comment you guys are super engaged
to what we put out there and on top of
it all you guys are positive I've never
seen such positive comments we see
positive comments every single day and
it's so refreshing to be able to do what
we love to do and be so genuine with you
guys and see that coming from you guys
as well I guess it's kind of like
reflecting off you know everybody has
haters has people talking bad about them
but saying negative things right but the
ace family is so positive you guys are
such positive people that it only
motivates us literally like it feels
good to know that you guys appreciate us
because we appreciate you yeah exactly
so I assume you guys may know um because
you've been supporting us from the very
beginning we've been doing this going on
eight months so we started eight months
ago
and we made the first video not thinking
anything about it literally just having
fun and just seeing what could
potentially happen
we were never thinking oh we're going to
hit a million subscribers in this year
we've been doing so we never saw that we
would ever get to this point to the
point where we're inspiring people to
the point where we're able to make a
difference and help people and just do
things that not everyone gets to do
every day so with that being said if
you're so grateful and we're do so I
don't either hit me game is so genuine
with what we say and what we who we are
as people
obviously like I'm more reserved like
that's how I've always been my life
Awesome's more like goofy out there like
and that's that's pretty much what we go
what we show and that's who we are as
people and for you guys to support us
for who we are as people is so it is
such an amazing feeling like I get to go
to sleep at night and feel like okay
like I'm actually being myself and if
you don't like us for who we are then
okay and I don't feel offended by that
but I just feel so grateful that I have
you guys we have you guys because we're
just living life to the fullest like
we're keeping God first being good
people and just trying our best to
inspire others you know we're doing our
best as far as using our platform in
order to do greater things and inspire
people and that's really how we feel
every single day and like we just get so
excited to do things for people and if
you can't already tell like that's just
in our nature and that's what we want to
do so to have a million people like to
my everything and guys just know this is
just the beginning just beginning guys
they have so much we want to capture and
show you guys it's it's crazy
we can't wait I wish everything you
happen now takes time as some of you
guys may know I know I've seen a couple
of tweets people saying that they are
excited for my personal channel so I'm
going to be starting that really soon I
promised I was going to do it once we
hit a million so I am and I'm going to
be doing videos that obviously we
wouldn't be putting on this channel just
because not everyone wants to see like
you know my skincare routine or you know
this and that I put a little bit on our
channel because you know we still want
to show you guys yeah you so we still
want to show you guys something but now
since I did say you know we're going to
hit a million followers I'm going to
make my personal channel I am going to
dedicate that channel specifically to
those things in those videos
so make sure you guys stay tuned for
that and the best part of it all what
we've been waiting for for a long time
we're selling today no I'm just letting
you know that another video I asked you
we were telling them today to like let
them make sure on the same page yes we
are okay so because sometimes you're
like we should do right now no I'm just
like I'm so hyped and I want to tell
them now but they have to wait for the
next video okay seven make sure you guys
watch the next video because what we
have planned for you guys
is truly amazing and I want every single
ace family member to be a part of this
moment and just so you guys know this
entire month is dedicated to you guys
like we have this big project and we're
going to make five to six videos out of
it and that's all we're doing for this
entire month I wish every single one of
you guys were here with us right now and
being able to celebrate with us I love
you all right guys before we follow the
video we do have to give her a
notification Saturday - today's
notification shoutout goes to me Mia
Edmond and she says John I love you guys
so much inspired me to do so much and
Congrats al and I was four I was like oh
yeah we should start walking
we appreciate you girl thank you so much
for having our post indicators turned on
whoever else liked the post of the eggs
of shoutout you guys are going to do
just turn on our post vacations and
comment when done obviously you got to
give this video a thumbs up got to like
comment share and subscribe and like me
you're my beautiful Queen always say
I'll be back with more videos
