sit down kiss never left today guys 4:30
in the morning
so here it's okay baby
guys it's 4:30 in the morning and he'll
sick she can't breathe out of her nose
okay
she keeps waking up she can't really
sleep or sad for her but um we're going
to wake up early in the morning and take
her to the doctor get some medicine okay
about that better now yeah yes we just
gave her some nasal spray um and she's
reading a little better now so hopefully
she can go back to sleep
guys it's only 7:00 in the morning and
she finally fell asleep
she was asleep when we taken to the
hospital so doctors yeah I love you
brother
ah you okay baby huh
you want us to get you some medicine
yeah your throat huh I hear it you hurt
your chest oh I'm sorry I'm sorry okay
okay let's get ready I'm so sorry
let's get ready to go okay I promise
we're gonna get you back like you're
ready to take little princess elsewhere
the doctors to get some medicine
it looks like she's feeling a little
better but you want to go to make sure
huh
did you some medicine and whoever has
kids babies out there please please do
not use this nasal spray it only works
for about an hour and then it goes away
so take your baby to the doctor just to
be safe and let them tell you what you
should do better you don't like that
nasal spray huh
God you got to know that nasal spray
away say I don't need it it doesn't work
with me we're going to get you some real
medicine maybe some real medicine and
grow a kind of shoes you got on rule
them up okay I see you do your turn you
all here today are sick and all looking
scrumptious princess can daddy have a
kiss can daddy have a kids I don't I
don't want the medals round one a kiss
honey let Daddy have a kiss come here
kiss
okay hey okay well we talked about last
night you gave me a kiss last night can
I kiss today thank you
hi guys we finally made it to the
hospital Catherine mentioned this is
where L was born baby with seven
thousand five seven mom five ounces
I'm not gonna lie she usually hate
coming here but today I feel like she
won't mind cuz she knows it's gonna help
her and I'm not sure if you've noticed
but she still holding on to the damn
nasal spray I think she's going to tell
the doctor this is unacceptable this
does not work for babies right she hates
you guys so hopefully today we get some
medicine and she'll be all better
yes nobody's here yes look look Oh Terry
hey kiddo
get up oh he's leaving you know no fishy
no did the busy keep the PC keep this
busy yeah
makkena hi oh yeah yeah I'm taking nurse
practitioner hi Marjorie
she's like you came to help me wasn't
going can you're luring us cold for the
last two weeks
okay and it's coming in and out but then
yesterday she woke up really sick she
couldn't sleep and then this morning she
was coughing okay I've seen what we kids
everybody yeah in your hand there
nasal spray your major Jones it doesn't
really work for me
yeah I don't think it would in this
gorgeous space I think what are we going
to do with this cabbage you are my most
of you is all iced up just a little bit
of a nose okay I hope you like what
you're telling me I'm Jose and you don't
know long if you look at my hair and
help me God I it's okay it's okay
you're gonna be all better on my promise
well guys she's bringing about really
yeah she's got a bunch of buddies coming
up and excited
trying to store this up by feel okay
yeah like who are you and why is so care
of it
your eyes are like marbles Hong here you
got them more than motion oh my goodness
oh sorry I know you don't like to be
looking so yeah no freebies for teasing
and for congestion and and sages well
the less that you can do but you could
get her some you know Pathak stuff that
it's actually quite safe for her I can
tell you a picture yet efficient use
enough teaming and are going to become
just as long as a speaker coming up that
allows understand you know what's need
is because when the other kids come up
the guns get so small and it puts a lot
of pressure into the sinuses so the
games like almost like almost like
sinusitis and it's me because put was
pressure into the sinus cavity I am
really not concerned about reduces 117
in syndrome I don't need to use enables
priority can use some immediate fire in
the room you can give her
the TV tablet with kevin nalty forever
bedtime so she did not usually hurt them
more time because that's when they're
laying done so again dispenser if we
pressure that's what is selectable okay
so it's not time you can give them a
little bit of panel just before bedtime
okay so these people on this are you in
my place
thank you taking my advice alright guys
so come to find out it's ales teething
she are like 10 G's coming out of one
yes you can have a mouth full of teeth
that bad that's why all this has been
happening because your teething so the
doctor right now but they did some
pictures of what we should get her
what'd she say like some Tylenol yes
tonight a little bit on the portion of
this video and she says may not be good
when I get something I should help but
as of right now she keeps teasing this
is going to keep happening so it's kind
of testability with folks but she gonna
be ok she's a tough girl right you're
tough girl yeah abcdefg hijk LMNOP QRS
TUV W X Y & Z now I know my ABC's next
time won't you sing with me
give me kisses
give me
mr. to Zack perfect okay you can find
even a volume with soaring sprouts okay
they're not carrying regular bondages
because they know traffic in your nature
but they work magic I am 17 and your old
kid I used to use it on so it's been
around for a treat for me on Thursday so
the tablet I'll just put it in there
like this building a massive power
outages open my mouth I don't have to
worry about video helps women know the
congestion and the TV oh thank you so
much be careful my most prized
possession let's go spray but I have to
go to go hi beautiful baby we all look a
mess right now we literally just woke up
and came here I look like a mess of it
yes we all do you wake up beautiful you
and there we go beautiful every day
thank you
alright guys it's got here you guys got
to help me find this haste family this
is what we have to find
excuse me I need your help can you help
me find this right here please
thank you so much
yes thank you
you're amazing I love you yes I found it
princess is gonna be alright guys I'm
sorry I'm so sorry I just want to let
you know I found it
sorry about that Jimmy's invade your
privacy oh he walks up from the tit but
you won't go from the pit if I got your
medicine look Oh bless you bless us for
you that's for you thank you
I got your medicine for you wait so two
tablets oh I thought it was like liquid
no yeah they dissolve in her mouth
oh yeah so - cuz she's over six months
okay so you get - okay here this is like
this is a treat okay a food snack oh
maybe agree get rid of one give it to
you already give her two oh they're gone
can't you see I see it oh oh my shake
baby so better soon okay so wait we give
that to everyone for two minutes three
minutes for an hour okay okay so it's 12
35 so we'll give it to her at Wolf l5000
cares a little bit on Yvonne it outfit a
little bit
he's already feeling better you already
feeling better little tomboy right now
safe family I said I better thank you
guys for telling me to get well
oh you silly you silly feels like a
tomboy to Daddy dress her super last
minute I did I had a hurry we get out
stick together
he says a little big honey it's okay so
beautiful
alright guys so before we close out our
video we do have to give our
notification shout out to I got a saved
in my phone we gonna play no games y'all
we look at all your guys comments well
we try to look at all of them to see
who's always showing love and I had to
save to my phone I took a screenshot so
today's notification shoutout goes to
Romain King shout to you bro he said if
my girlfriend ever responds like she did
then I might just have to go my ring ah
and that was the last video which for
those who missed it I did a breakup
prank on Katherine which was there and I
knew it was going to be a fail because
that will never happen
so after you bro whoever else like the
pacification shout-out where they have
to do a princess what do you have to do
they want a shout-out what do they have
to do okay that's what you guys have to
do you tell them no they look like a
mess right now
oh my sick baby he keep televiewers what
they have to do you
like a shout out all you have to
do is turn on our poll tonight all you
have to do with our publication and
comment when done and for those who do
not turn on for some occasions you click
on the bell button somewhere somewhere
on the front page somewhere is the Vale
click on it and you'll get a
notification and every time we post it
you'll be tuned into the ACM e which
then you'll be a part of a family right
man you want you want everybody to join
a family right they have one big family
and by the way guys for you those who
are wondering about Austin's hat it's
the black suede WWJD hat and we are
restocking this month by the end of this
month we'll be in the description I know
a lot of you have been asking about this
hat for weeks now but we are restocking
soon so check that up thank you so much
for tuning in appreciate all you guys as
always obviously you like this video
give it a thumbs up like comment share
and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful family beautiful Queen always
say we'll be back with more videos such
as she said bye say bye Dave
