hey a family battery channel guys what's
going on everybody today video you guys
should only know with comments by the
title and number one comment that cap
and I received besides you guys shown us
love is are you guys married or why
aren't you guys married or when will you
get married or when will you get married
so today video will be talking about
that so where should we begin let's
begin back when Kathleen I first met
when we first met and started hanging
out things had moved pretty quickly
things just took off and that's a
beautiful thing about love is when
you're in love you don't think things
just happen and we've been very blessed
and fortunate for things that happen the
way that they'd have when Kathleen I
first leg started hanging out I was
still finishing of college and for those
who model for the college athletes out
there we aren't able to have a job at
the time literally your job is that
sport that you play along with your
schoolwork even though I love this
beautiful woman from the moment we met
from then on till months after I do not
have the funds to purchase her arena she
deserves even though I don't care about
the ring to me the ring is an object
well we are anything that yes and a lot
of you will probably say well why don't
you get her a ring that you could afford
and our writers our ring even matter
right and I will be honest I do have
respect and I do give props to those men
out there that are able to just buy
right on the spot even though they don't
have the money but to me I know what she
deserves
and I want to work to be able to afford
and get what she
desert and when I do propose and you
guys say during that idea it will make
more sense as you guys know L is ten
months and I would love for her to be a
part of our wedding I want her to
understand what is going on that is
special to me I don't want her to be
just a mummy in the wedding I don't want
her to be sleeping all the way to the
wedding
yeah it's like she's already here so we
might as well make sure that we do it
when she understands what's going on so
that's one of the reasons why we haven't
had our actual wedding yet so one of the
reasons why we wanted to do a video like
this and explain why we're not married
is because we want people to understand
that just because you aren't actually
officially married it doesn't mean you
aren't married so in other words what
I'm trying to say is we're not married
as an I don't have his last name yet you
know like the full deal no way but other
end of the day I feel more married than
a lot of people that are actually
married so I made honey fun beautiful so
we're we're technically married and I
don't remember and yet he doesn't have
to ring it but and that's the thing is
when we do people comments it doesn't
bother us because it already feels like
we are married yeah and just know that
it's like you guys join our journey it's
still new like we've only been doing
this showing you guys our life away
seven eight months so we have a lot to
show you guys and just know the proposal
is coming very soon and all the reason
why didn't anything end up man
and always like I said if you guys is
because we've already planned our
wedding date and she knows obviously the
proposal has to be come before then but
all she knows he doesn't know when or
how or none of that so just know
something special will be coming soon
for her and I mean special because
that's what she deserves so when that
does happen obviously we're going to be
planning the wedding I don't want to
start planning right now because you
know we have a lot going on
and I feel like once we are actually
engaged I kind of have a reason to start
planning and have you guys involved and
show you guys all that so I'm going to
start playing the wedding soon obviously
we're not going to show you I hope we
should have a big one because I I never
wanted a big wedding ever
I never really pictured in a big way but
like as time passes and you get older
things obviously change and now that I
have a family I obviously want a bigger
wedding but the thing is too is we're
not sure we can have a big living
because we don't really have too many
friends yeah we have like my friends
yeah so and we also want to make it so
special to where we potentially have a
few you guys come to the wedding so we
might have a few eight family members
attend our wedding which would be
something special for us because we'd
also want you guys to be a part of it as
well
yeah and so we want to make sure that
our family members a lot of family
overseas so he has all the family year
and everyone you know different
countries I want to make sure that
everyone can come everyone can get their
tickets as I can also help others other
family members you know get the tickets
and stuff so we want to make sure
everything yeah we want to make sure
that everything is planned accordingly
when you take our time you don't want to
deter Russian to any good this is a one
big thing you just do it one time enough
it so and then the fact that we're doing
this like vlogging and the fact that you
know we put this into our lifestyle we
change our lifestyle to fit everything
into capturing moment that's one of
those things where we just want to make
sure that we do it the right way yeah
like I said it just makes me so happy
you guys don't understand I've been
planning this moment for a long time she
doesn't really know but I've been
playing this moment for a very long time
I just start you know replaying it over
and over in my head and hope
giggles the right way because is so
special and it's funny because like I
really feel married so the day that he
proposes it's just going to be so
surreal because like I don't know I
already feel marry but it's going to
mean that like that like I don't explain
it you sometimes you can usefully I
don't know what I explained it it's like
okay well I feel more married or well I
feel the same thing you think I'll do a
trainer I think you feel the same but I
feel like it's an author to kind of
symbolize the marriage or symbolize not
like what I write what I think I think
it'll make you feel differently because
others see you differently
exactly and it's weird because I don't
ever do anything for other people I
don't care what anyone thinks in this
world never have never will
you guys could already tell our videos
but I feel like maybe having that ring
will definitely make me feel different
because of you guys I don't know I mean
I don't want it to be that way too but I
think that it will either way I'm gonna
be so like overjoyed and just just so
happy and just yeah all that you say
yeah please guys look for your channel
we do have a goal come on
yes little princess and capital and I
are not married at the moment but it's
happening really soon and and the crazy
thing is like gonna be do it's gonna be
so awesome
Anthony's so much fun and it's just
going to be like it's just going to be
so much fun to just plan it work you
know like I have so many people that had
just had weddings and just go to the
courthouse and get married and like I'm
sure a lot of them feel like wow what is
like I wish it within lots of time you
know the opportunity to plan and we're
so blessed to have that to be able to
have
so ready to take full advantage of that
itself and just do that the right way
and I mean considered the right way for
us I know a lot of people feel like you
don't have to have all that yeah yeah
that's the thing is God has blessed me
with such a beautiful woman that he's
also going to bless me with a beautiful
way because it just makes sense
sweetheart so part of my life and hinted
at that and God looked at people with
different things and that's just one my
blessing and I can't wait for that
moment and I can't wait for you guys to
experience it with us so we definitely
want to bring this videos you guys
attention because that's probably the
number one question and yeah yeah we're
seeing so yeah so the reason why we're
making this video obviously is for you
guys and you guys are constantly seeing
how in love we go he chose because
that's what we put out there and just
because we're not doesn't mean a damn
thing and around man we just know it is
coming soon and when it does happen it's
going to be beyond special yeah and it's
going to last forever so why right all
right guys right that's enough of that I
really want to go too much into it we
have another Q&A video coming soon so if
I touch on that a little more but that
is what we want to talk about today
hopefully we don't get completely those
questions comments anymore right I mean
I know but whatever so when Z Ducey is
the wedding though I'm sure nobody will
be asking men and I want to start seeing
that ring in all in pictures because you
know that rain will be in every single
picture and that's why you ask me
that's a big nose why did you learn that
they know that's why she is such a
beautiful woman and I love her to death
because she doesn't care about none of
that like I could literally get her a
ring pop and she'll be doesn't happy
I'll literally cry like in a happy way
right and so yes so special about our
relationship I'll marry you don't think
I'm thankful for that so and you have to
chew them as always obviously if you
liked this video give it a thumbs up
like comment share and subscribe and let
me in on beautiful Queen only say
exactly motor video oh wait before I
forget I know you can shout out I had to
say to my home today's notification
shadow goes to underscore Emily Guevara
and she said hey guys me my boyfriend
other YouTube videos we're a big fan we
are trying out YouTube and made a video
for the first time please shut us out at
E and E sand much love Josh you go and I
wish the best of luck to you your
boyfriend for starting your channel hope
everything goes well yeah you're gonna
love it
I mean it's definitely or work it's hard
work people don't realize it but it is
and it's fun and you make it into your
lifestyle I promise you have so much fun
and it makes it that much closer
cap and I we felt like honestly we'd be
the same way we do YouTube but the fact
that we do make videos you guys almost
about every day makes us that much
closer yes it really just like made us
realize certain things that we didn't
know about each other and just like it
just makes it closer everything else we
can roll back it was it's definitely a
lot of fun and I kinda see where we are
here from now I'm going to be looking at
a kid who you're like wearing I can
assure you are like as a family though
is like for them for us like we're one
big family home yeah guys anybody else
would like a notification shout out or
you to do a turn our post
and comment when the Lightning on people
couldn't always say we'll be back for my
piece
