hey family so I woke up super early
today and I decided to do something they
thought so love-40 are gonna go to the
mall and I purchased the bag that I
really wanted and we later got home and
he said that he likes it in the back of
that so everybody didn't say anything
long who's there so I decided to get
ready and get already this morning and
go to the mall and get the bags so here
it is what I'm going to do is I'm going
to walk in and hopefully he's still
sleeping he might be on his phone or he
might be like editing or something but
I'm thinking we think is I texted him 20
minutes ago and he didn't answer and he
always answers when I texted him we're
going to go inside and hopefully
sleeping him to face the back on him
while he's sleeping and I don't have to
see his reaction it was happy by the way
guys
Ella and I are watching today
wake up a bit
I'll still wake up
oh are you gonna blog I'm saying you
always do that to me
come here watching the whole I got you
something
well looking for a probe well thank you
I can't look can you please look it's
not a prank
here I'm tired
can you please wake up Oh wake up
I'm gonna stay right here again remember
how I said I went to the post office
this morning
yeah where you know how I thought I was
going to post office I went to the moms
no nigga times like this we gotta do so
nice hell they were crawling
the backpack
yep the one that you wanted remember
I didn't even get to really look at it
because I forget one in the Ling sofa
company
let me see me see ya thank you so much
welcome back little eye every day here
personnel crazy nice a little bit orange
is your favorite color
you know that yeah I can see myself in
this tournament everywhere
hi I'm Peter Bobby ball I love it thank
you so much welcome
hey welcome back your handbag what's
going on everybody
today is L first swim class
yes it's exciting because we're not
house is going to do now you're going to
react so this should be very interesting
so the lessons are going to be two weeks
long and it starts today they're going
to be five days in a row I believe every
day so one of us is going to be in the
pool with her today
awesome Susan one I'm a little I might
be the one to Marilyn oh no she might
like it better laughing no but yeah
shows that we got her understated when
soup for her well is fine no she
hello you know we're both not wearing
that ever but isn't a sec here mm my
friend made these I meant the world so
yeah
shall we wear this for those who fall on
Instagram you guys see what that matings
who looks like a my princess and and so
no no no no
forgive me princess yes Cupid no we also
wish he gets out we also got her a
little her grandma got her little
Township real cute
sameen for size for that man you know
your first compound and your kids are
something new and so the exciting
experience something new it's always
exciting it's like you live again it's
like you're experiencing things for the
first time it really is so we're excited
to that hopefully ill like the trainer
oh my gosh you know what yeah hopefully
after this course she learned how to
swim because love yes slow because they
say all babies learn at this course so
hopefully else my little babies cause
I'm crying right so we'll see I'll go
the first time super excited for that
and yeah so make sure y'all keep
watching sandy our princess swim and see
me swim and see if I have special
Suleman you don't even think I'm happy
and I got badges and I used to dive as
well why can't you swim I can't and I
can't look to Austin can't blow yes
weird she like professionals are you
also make sure you keep watch we'll see
y'all in a few guys we have made it so
her swim class
yeah you ready you ready you know me I'm
over here yes let's thank you thank you
again move it I love you like that it's
a backpack look like daddy's new
backpack
my mama and my girl walking with a Hales
grandma and great-grandma shamelessness
come on ladies guys will move into wrong
house
nervous every 4th side because hopefully
she does succeed and learn how to slow
her you guys ever see those videos
Instagram or Twitter when those babies
are like 7 1 years old and they fall in
the water they call in the pool and they
like float that's what we want because
eventually we want to put our house and
if L accidentally falls in the water we
want her to be able to float I'm saying
you never know accidents happen very
moments do happen so this is very
important for anybody's kid to go
through so this should be fun hello ymax
mere as the morning trainer so I just on
my way out but okay thank you winning
school I don't have y'all good good good
so we will be having some printed
teachers and trainings and there's maybe
a lot of faces in the pool
regular welcome so are you thinking
about
yes I know I'm a teacher and the rest of
the training there first
this could be me explain what I'm doing
while I'm doing
are you ready so what do we change okay
okay great
she told you in the water like that
honey where's your bathing suit honey
put it on put it on what was it you
gotta have the diaper thing that Elmo
has it here put it on
wish me luck neither how am I gonna hold
her when I can't I'll blame like a
dolphin yeah she needs a bigger diaper
the biggest egg oh yeah that's it yeah
she needs to wear the whole thing come
here my baby cheese out here mama
damn yeah I'll see you see uh dad's out
there
don't let the mamas influence y'all for
them to be naked it's not okay for them
to be naked we have our naked every day
I know but in this occasion she needs
clothes on it immediately
yeah this is really nice you keep our
whole season
let's say my boy we gotta go let's go
grab you stuff we gotta go
broke guys I didn't go as planned but um
it was her first time it was her first
time so she's getting there definitely
getting there yeah she was a bit of bad
mood today she's gonna take her daily
nap so tomorrow I'm gonna make sure we
rest her before she comes to yourself do
a little bit all right okay baby you're
learning you're learning I love you all
right guys before we came home stop by
our post office to check our peel box
and I must say it's unbelievable
you guys are unbelievable because
Katherine I never asked for anything and
you guys give us everything literally
like the people tell remember the people
at the post office they hate us
yeah they're like you guys in a barrel
too much can you guys that would ask us
can you pour in the back please it's
really that crazy so right now I'm gonna
show you guys we're kind of backed up at
the moment but I promise you tomorrow's
video will be a peel box opening so make
sure you stay tuned for that I'm going
to show you guys real quick like
literally what are these big-ass boxes
within there
like I'm so curious I'm so excited to
open these like look how much looks with
all this crazy
it goes on and on you guys are amazing
viii family continues to grow every day
is the blessing and you guys are amazing
you guys did some of something I promise
you
yours may not be opened up from Jamal's
video because there's two months from
now to separate it so we can make it
into two videos so it's not super long
but just know you guys packages are with
us and we will be opening them in a
video very soon oh I almost forgot
almost read to you guys so I'm very
excited when you sit down real quick so
I could talk to you so at this very
moment Katherine and I are working out a
deal for you guys and in a few days
we'll have a code that you guys are able
to use which is for postmates and you
know everybody loves folks mates
everybody loves to eat and this code is
so amazing that Katherine and I are even
using our own code right so the code
will provide you guys $50 free right
give you guys $50 free credit which
means for example say Katherine and I
order in and out and we spent a total of
12 dollars we will have 38 dollars left
over of credit right a free food so we
can order in and out I don't know about
five or six times until we use up all
fifty dollars in credit how amazing is
that so like I said in a few days we
will have that code for you guys and we
will let you guys know when you guys can
use that code and we all gonna be eating
for free
I might even let y'all use my code again
and again if that makes it yeah wherever
you guys like it don't matter where it
is us can order it and you guys got $50
free $50 yeah exactly
literally they're like four or five mils
for free so if y'all some of y'all may
not even have lunch money for school you
know and you can order it you know the
day before and then take it to school
the next day they have free lunch you
know or if you're a good person they
you ordered your mom some food or your
dad you know surprise them and they're
gonna be like how'd you get in and
you'll be lighting it okay you know they
got me free food so pretty much hooking
you guys up a free food we're always
trying something for you guys trying to
give back because you guys give so much
to us now we want to give everything
back to you guys right of it right ready
for a little rendezvous tonight huh
Shani
hello god bless hello Queen oh you're
getting ready for our rendezvous tonight
huh babe
damn so before we close out our video do
you have our notification shadow person
okay notification shot goes to Keanu
Mendes Gianna members She Wrote done
which means when you turn on our pulse
in the kitchen and you calm it when done
you know the chance to get a shout out
oh yeah the comment is done exactly
obviously if you did like this video
today give it a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful queen always say well that was
more videos or that because I love you
Hey
