Shh
Queen and you're taking a nap she was up
all night left I had to get up super
early this morning to run errands so she
finally got to thinking that but guess
what we pumped a is all that references
love a pregnant mommy it's a princess
and daddy first mom yeah what we're
gonna do is drive right down the street
to Party City we're gonna get two more
right in it too scary man and one for me
then we're going to come home hopefully
she's still asleep if not I would try to
scare tonight but it should work
you know yeah yeah our back is a hurry
to school first honest you ready to go
pray mommy you ready to get her back for
everything she's done to us little toes
that's for you
question for you so what is your
scariest Matt for the both of these are
the scary ones yes
okay let's pick one out all right guys
we got the math all right guys we just
got back Katherine still asleep invited
I got a little trial and math real quick
and set everything on the natural in
Africa man :
all right guys so now we try to find the
tripod the camera not all necessarily
had to hide the camera I said to set the
camera up and a perfect angle to give
her perfect reaction if you know what I
mean
yes excited those are they don't we got
a do you with mommy
okay so imma do so I'm gonna set an
alarm on my phone so she can wake up
okay
are you listening okay and when she
wakes up we go okay are you doing Elly's
must be helping me prank mommy what are
you doing I'll have to do this on my own
all right I guess so
I'm leaving you bye
damn always gonna hit me whatever I'll
thank you
damn come here never come here come here
guys
we're gonna press that day no come here
did I get you yes you got me yeah
money's a mine I wouldn't see what it
looks like I didn't you the old broom
always gonna hit me that was like my
literally the food at this reaction yo
look yo I go live this is scary oh well
obviously if you liked the video give a
thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe remember that and like me my
beautiful Queen always say what a really
save of it I'm gonna get you back
anywhere right now
no you're not come here no oh
oh yeah I mean like we'd always say
we're gonna be back with more videos
please
