hey welcome back from Canada what's
going on everybody
today video we will be doing a story
time about our first fight ever those
who don't know Katherine I never fight a
Hardy are you we are I reckon out me
there
yeah we've never broken up you guys
probably like really really that we've
never woken up when we do argue for
about a minute and that's it may be over
really quick and before we start well we
get over here because of my personality
excellent because I don't like let it
linger I just we just argue and I feel
in my personality your this everyone all
right now you're the seventh role she
has worth over to do you know do you
have enough seven person in the world
and then an Amir Torres so tomorrow's
children all right so before we start
with this story I first want to say that
it took me well I should say it took me
how kind of worth it she didn't allow me
in her home so about two or three weeks
after we're hanging out every day like
it wasn't like I understood like okay
obviously the first time you hang out
look I get it like of course I can't
come out that makes sense right but
after like the fifth day hang out every
day you're assuming my fellas aren't you
assuming I like it bought time you let
me in the damn house right like not
necessarily my thing you want to do
anything anything like that
which is more right yeah like let's go
for anything like that this is more of
this sort of like respect factor like
okay I let you my house we you know hang
out longer and you have a deep
conversation whatever is on
hanging out like Allen public you know
it's only right to be in the home and he
is still more comfortable right though
so no lie to you it wasn't five days it
wasn't six days it wasn't even 10 days
it's over like three weeks until she led
me in the house but also as a visiting
to the let me go to five million or is
it great value in like I said it also
with a good thing because let me know
what type of girl she was and yeah
because like it wasn't that bad but she
was really standoffish and I was a
computer cuz I just because you know the
allah's I'm not extract like I'm not an
extra person and just it is what it is
and if I don't know you then I don't
trust you so I'm just not right you know
I said she was most beautiful in the
world so you doesn't know how I thought
about her from gym and so I didn't know
if you thought about me cuz she was
really like okay bye you know this was
important today to I don't think I like
outside the car maybe a little nice
being nice hanging on with you know none
of that
so i'll ii three weeks later we pull up
and I'm not sure the conversation went
but she allowed me in her home
and you know fellas you know let's get
as a home you know yeah it seems as if
things are going the right way
is our first site was actually the first
time he was invited in my home this is
violence weird and like we got into the
argument that one no I'm you're gonna
bring me dumbass and explain that we got
into an argument and it was funny
because other time we weren't like
officially dating or anything and so I
felt like why the hell am i arguing with
this guy like there's no reason in the
arguing runs and together so why are we
arguing I remember thinking to myself
like just get out if you want to be here
to get out okay rather than me okay so
she loves being her home and having a
good time you know watching movies you
know I have a good conversation and the
next thing no we did not
argument I forget what the argument was
about the stupid yeah okay we were
talking and you were like I like do you
see yourself like being in a
relationship and I was like now like
that's not I'm looking for right now and
it was like you were like um yeah like
what why not though I understand like
blah blah and we were just talking and
something to me like the conversation
kind of awkward and then we were
watching TV and then she was falling
asleep and I was getting mad and then
what happened
to another room in my head oh yes so I
get another room right go to the other
room and make it you know she's gonna be
like you know coming in there trying to
talk to me nothing oh yeah I'm like what
the hell you have them in your home
right and I get the privilege to hide me
in your home typing right so by 30
minutes an hour go by and I'm like yes
Lizzy don't call my name right okay
right now go there right now I'm like no
leave me alone
food in now you know I know you come
here and I know you left so you're
coming right thanks he comes the room so
you know what you're not going to come
in here you clean my house you hide your
right now get your Lee I'm like oh
no she doesn't like you Ali so I don't
believe it I get all my son get
everything Eileen I'm walking through
the car she just slammed the door behind
me I'm like it had my hats on everything
I mean I'm Lina in the corner like thank
you like oh and I am minding I knew that
he was actually leaving I knew you'd
like it to the morning your eyes
and you excited for the car and I get my
car and they're thinking like damn she
is so damn beautiful I love this girl
like will I do it don't think about it
don't think you like you till death but
your life back in that house right now
so change I had to quit being so many
minutes but a little burn right - I was
my you messed up I was overacting
of course original my other anons like
you know what forget that she should be
bowing down to you you can show me look
walking up to the car my baby don't
leave that's all that's my other side of
failure right then you know I started
looking around and I realize I left my
wallet all in the house but listen to
confession
mm or yeah if you dollars there's a real
side under the sighs anyway I'm
looking around like oh I left and I
don't listen no you don't leave they
respond you let me do it don't let me
finish
no say I left you're a hole in the house
I'm gonna in with my car and I feel like
inside he called me after he walked out
and today how I am and that was a life
haunted way cool mrs. Messinger okay I'm
just saying that definitely doing I do
so then so then um I called her and I'm
like he found my wallet I won't quit I
left my wallet a minute please with my
wallet
she's like I'm looking I'll see it
you'll even wallet he was one of my
insiders how about this
like no I really left my wallet and I'm
working and then I find my wallet it was
in my car yeah so then I blend in
Finland yeah so supposedly he left his
wallet but that was his excuse to call
me because he really knew you didn't
lean as long it and I knew that because
I do you have any more like a microphone
yeah you know that I was offended
because he was like you have my wallet
and I was like why did I how do I even
care to have you well I don't have your
wallet and he was like well I'm coming
back in like to look for and then you
walk and I walk behind about the random
things like your wallet in here so then
you know I love her too much
I put my pride aside how are you how are
you and she was like yeah and after that
everything was goofy everything we
always perfect we literally just forgot
all about that incident other things
that I felt like why not how that I just
argue with him what and I'll think about
it like you know maybe or do England
thank you for you yeah yeah I like him I
don't know cuz I let him Macintosh know
love me and that was our last fight for
like a couple months I think her last
fight for the longest play so we hardly
ever fight hardly ever argue yeah never
broken up the guys that was the first
incident incidents that we've had we
which is zero to 100 is so quick and all
right not to lose we made it sound kind
of like whatever
ternary and I was idle I was worried
cause I was like man if I was losing
because of this I would be feeling so
shitty because part it was my fault and
I'm so stubborn and I might really lose
my dream this is how you know it's right
to be when you know the outcome like
when you're fighting and you know
exactly what's going to happen you know
that the person is going to come back
with a princess can help Alan Jones at
that point we knew each other but not
like 100% so for me to feel what I knew
what was going to happen that is so to
show me that we were meant to be because
if you would've loved that woulda bit it
for me and I was just I live in a
talking again I know I know that's why I
move my tires no you look like you're
actually going anywhere what are you
listening I was like you know what
forget it even he wouldn't even know
where you were going
I didn't do it oh no but you know and
the other day I believe and there's
nowhere right now yeah women happy they
were after with a beautiful family a
beautiful life he's McQueen name baby
princess yeah yeah guys so that was our
first fight hope you guys enjoyed the
story happy it we don't really have too
many
sighs arguments and we have never woken
up we can already be told that stories
but this story was very interesting to
us we want to share with you guys and
before I follow the video you have to
give our pope supplication shout out
today
- and the notification shot goes to
Jasmine signal cha hue girl thank you so
much hi to you
I suppose the behavior turned off where
else would like a postman came to shut
up all you have to do is turn on article
publication and comment back and all
these things like this video give this
like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful Queen always
say look at that is my ASP
