hey Emily welcome back to her channel
guys what's going on everybody but today
we are doing a really fun video that
we've been so eager to do for the past
month and a half since we moved into our
new place and today we've thought about
giving back to people who do a lot of
labour work and the reason being is
because I got the inspiration from when
we first moved at the time Katherine was
sick so she was unable to help me so I
had my friend Trey help me you guys know
who he is the one with the long hair he
helps with a lot of videos he and I both
struggled the entire night trying to
move everything we needed to get halfway
through we're moving stuff in and out of
the u-haul truck
it took us on 6 7 hours and we need to
get halfway through and we were like you
know what this is way too hard there has
to be another way
so the next day we heard that there's
people who stand outside of Home Depot
Lowe's and places like that come to
labor work who help people like us
moving ok and I drove down to Home Depot
and before we pulled up no lie to you
there are probably about 20 to 30 of
them standing outside and there are a
few of them that falls from a distance
and ran up to the truck I'm not even
lying to you and what I'll actually jump
in and Trey and I looked at each other
like what do we do it was like what
think I know any more than one so I was
like you got a friend and he was like
yes yes come on come on we were like
perfect so we got two of them took them
back to our old place they moved
everything out of our old place into a
new place in a matter of two hours it
was the craziest thing I've ever seen
which it would have actually taken about
a day or two where often it was like a
week super hard they did not all thought
they were like machines no it was they
happened down the stairs it was a crazy
thing I've ever seen anything think it
was I was sitting
you know like oh my god like these
people are really working hard
obviously we paid them brought them back
to their workplace and afterwards I was
thinking like wow it is so sad that
there's people in the world to look down
upon these people because of what they
do so we were talking about this later
on and we were just discussing about how
crazy it is that these people are
working so hard every single day and it
kind of make end to me and they're
working you know under minimum wage and
they're doing all of this work and
literally all of it goes a minute so we
were talking about it and we decided
that it would be cool if in a couple of
months which today we would go pick some
people up maybe like ten of the workers
right and surprising with lunch and give
them all dollars each yeah so a lot of
you guys are probably wondering like why
are they filming this well and you guys
know whoever subscribed you guys know we
do a lot of giving back some of it isn't
put on film some of it is but today's
video it's more about bringing awareness
and another thing that I really like to
point out is everyone is fulfilled in
different ways you know everyone has a
different definition of success and for
us success means helping other people
and being able to do the things that not
a lot of people can do these days so for
us doing this type of gesture is really
something that fulfills us and makes us
happy
so this is why we're doing it um
beautiful beautiful we're all in this
world together we're all trying to
Romania we're all trying to make a
living so don't look down upon somebody
just because they have a certain job or
because of what nationality or race they
are so the plan is to we're going to go
pick up the u-haul truck we're going to
the same exact thing which way and I did
go down to Home Depot we're going to
pick up ten workers right and we know
obviously there's going to be a bunch
more that probably comes to the truck
but we can only choose ten all right
there might not be we don't know we
don't know what's expected so we're
going to drive it around we're going to
take them to the pizza spot that
Catherine I love we're gonna have a few
pizzas order so everybody can have food
and when they get out we'll explain in a
li exactly what we explained to you guys
let them know
like how much we appreciate them give
them each $100 as well as food and
hopefully make their day and you know
this might make someone day someone's
month or maybe even someone's here this
might maybe even inspire you to help
others so this is the reason why we're
doing it um and I hope you guys enjoy
the video make sure you keep watching
because it alot to make someone's day
hopefully good alright guys just pull
the money out for them here now can you
haul truck and we're gonna be on our way
it makes me so happy to make fun of that
let's do it all right guys you ready
about to go down
so Katherine are about to give me haul
truck got my boy Trey with me
he's about to walk down meet up where
they're at we can get all the behind
scenes footage we pick out ten of them
they're gonna pop in the back u-haul
shorter he's gonna hop back in there
with them he's going to get them talking
or saying whatever they're saying and
then we're going to drive down to the
pizza spot Katherine just got an order
in pizza we're going to let them out I'm
going to act like they have all this
work to do when in reality I'm gonna let
them know how much I appreciate them
give them each a hundred bucks and also
give them lunch already having this to
make someone's day we're so blessed and
fortunate to they'll do stuff like this
and if there's a day like it makes us
happy and you should do what makes you
happy and just so you guys know when we
get there I am going on
let's do it make sure I keep watching
are you also heading down to the Home
Depot right now going to be filming all
the behind-the-scenes footage so stay
tuned baby line running oh they're
already running running oh gosh
alright guys sorry I wish it up pull up
pull up
see that right there they just ran right
here yeah oh oh I don't even know where
to go thank you yeah time
hey people yes ten people please we all
riding together hey I'm right with you
all right
ladies don't go sleep in one two three
four
you guys coming - one two three four
five six one eight in I need two in yep
what that's it how many of their back I
know it was right
imma shut it please oh we're gonna drive
down the street yeah got you guys good
yeah good we're going down the street
way down the street Hey here we go there
you go like really
we were hesitant but now having survived
so we just want them to feel comfortable
we want them to copy they work really
hard so they really have no idea what to
expect
they have no idea what they're doing but
we're super excited to show them that
this isn't going to be any labor any
work this is strictly going to be love
getting 100 years alright guys so much
enabled up to feed the plants are about
to go pick them up
just us the people on y'all have to go
inside grab the pizzas hide the pieces
obviously hide the money they don't know
what's going on when they come out I can
act like they have all this work to do
reality all right
yeah I'm right here yeah white like no
other life you know like hey right I can
also be white this whole thing to go my
girlfriend I our family moves right to
love your workers helped us tremendously
right and so we just today we want to
show how much we appreciate you guys
okay yeah well we'll give you guys a
hundred dollars okay you guys don't have
no work to do you can all get out yeah
yeah biz that should be happy boys all
right yeah
money fix my we are the world alright
who were they I'm not sure they were but
they weren't here today yeah they not
not the job in like two hours literally
they were working hard you guys how much
you appreciate you guys we know you guys
put in hard work
thank you okay our crazy were you pretty
good late man stop bitching alright
thank you thank you yeah what I think
you guys back up you guys okay I thought
you guys have do some hard work hey
family everyone part of the a family now
yeah yeah everybody watching this all of
our supporters they're all families and
Gonder join our family alright yeah one
day family want to take them back to
their workplace today was a success and
went as planned they were very happy and
very thankful and that was the main goal
is to you know make someone else happy
make someone pay well back at the work
spot guys
I got thanks again
they're gonna be after you guys
questions like what you guys do I see
you guys man have a great day have a
great day have a great day man do you
guys have a heart Goldman Holly if we
appreciate a man don't do good y'all do
good out there man we're car all right I
see you guys we did it come here baby
come here guys you understand like I
can't get this ball of my face I'm so
happy after everything I can tell that
they're really thankful I make them more
happy because and I would feel
differently if I would've gave them
obviously the money and food and they
didn't say anything but every one of
them said thank you which means so much
differently have a camera in front of
you I think that earlier we did mention
to them that there was going to be a you
know filming involved and they were okay
with it
but obviously you know you're not
be sure what's going on but the end
result was exactly what we expected and
we're so grateful opportunity can help
somehow and I hope we encourage everyone
you guys out there you know whether you
give back a little or a lot so before we
close out the video we have to give our
notification shout-out today to Vanessa
what Josh you girl thank you so much for
having an outpost of the cases turned on
so in love it's before we appreciate you
whoever else would like a full
specificity shot out all you got to do
is turn on our falsifications and
comment when done appreciate you guys
we're always watching our videos hope
you enjoyed this video obviously give us
a thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me my beautiful Queen
always say we'll be back tomorrow is the
