hey what's going on everybody
so we're here at earth cafe I want to
Katherine favorite spot a lot of running
around to do you guys could potentially
adding someone while discussing chase
I'm not going to hide these secrets from
you guys but we could possibly be
adopting which I'm not exactly sure
we're ready to do it but that's
something we've always wanted to do so
the possibilities never know look at
puppies and
starving right now and I just ordered a
barbecue you got me the wrong pizza all
right supposedly they'll have barbecue
pizza but they asked
I'm not margarita pizza or whatever the
hell that is
yeah no vegetables out of that I'm
playing James I also have a strawberry
watermelon smoothie I'm excited to that
what you get is what you get you want to
see what you like here I'll help you
I'll help you there you go Charlie
what do you want dessert Alma all that
oh yes I'm the daddy over here play over
here plan
fire
like it daddy
okay okay okay here you go we are on our
way we go about this you want to go
shopping let's go shopping with shopping
and then we don't get a puppy maybe
maybe look at your hair blowing in the
wind like she hates the car see guys
she's not letting letting you put her in
alright guys we just pulled up on the
Brea in LA we got a couple of shops down
here off to do a little bit of shopping
shopping
the captain says you want to buy some
more shoes no I said that so take a look
at some shoes over here undefeated then
we'll go across the street to see and a
couple other place
yeah
I've never been you everyone
go on on room
hi guys well the shopping ended up being
a sale and now we're going to go to the
greatest dessert place of all time tell
them how good this is their place is
just so amazing we used to go here
probably like we're going to keep pickup
me so how we used to go there like twice
a week and then it got nice to go here
when we first met we should be here all
the time now to me they have the best
cookies in the world so the best cookies
um why should we shall we wait and we
wait to get there yeah what Hitler right
now go ahead we get there and then they
don't even have yeah oh my god
Shiki pick up in for whatever reason I
don't know I like to scare or something
but what happened I forget cookies we're
going to go look at puppies yeah we're
here
delicious everything here is a little
good you can order a snickerdoodle what
about red build it live all right
building you to it all and what are
these low John's right here
all right claim before we had to go look
at puppies can you please show them what
cookies ago Hey
so we got 8 snickerdoodles we got to
Melvin and we got three chocolate chips
hang on let me see guys literally these
are the best cookies in the world l
hungry as hell for you honey
hi guys I haven't told you guys the name
of the place yet I'm going to help you
out and you guys are part of the family
you guys have to know the place is
called milk okay and it is in Hollywood
so the place is called milk go check
them out
even though they don't give us free
cookies also if you guys are mmm-hmm
baby you got to enjoy - oh no again
we're long
Wow
alright guys were finally here the
Disney Store so we're finally here at
the place that has puppies so hopefully
we find one today
like Nemo Nemo yay no Donald Duck nope
who do you like now Minnie Mouse all
right you okay you okay without it yes
she's okay without it
you don't really want it huh mama okay
okay
I'm a good baby and and I must play
outside okay our guys getting ready to
the puppies what is your ideal puppy day
what are we looking
we are looking for a small dog although
I love the small cute fluffy and just
adorable
and obviously potty-trained oh my
goodness
excuse me question what is your cutest
dog
yeah we want to see the cutest one you
have what you love him oh he might be
too big I can see him for the eighth
family though we need a smaller one oh
look at him what's his name his name is
Gilbert yes they look like a girl he
liked ruff keelaurow
elegant I grabbed him and stuff you can
you Oh perfect EP use me little fella
excuse me what's your name
what do you think about this one oh oh
you like and
can he be a part of the a family
hey little guy you want to be a part of
a family guys this is a tough decision
for us right now we really do love him
love him say that I would be the one
taking care of them have we got him
that's not true 100% true guys like a
tough situation because L isn't old
enough yet so well I really do like him
he's definitely an option for us it's
become really really really popular
lately really and yeah and because I I
know all different kinds of dogs and
he's a special one well just in the last
couple of years I seen him I never even
knew about him deep thirsty all right
little fella I promise you if you're
still here when we come back we're gonna
get you you're going to become a part of
the eighth family I think a lot guys
kind of sad right now
want to take healthy home today but it
is not the right time at the moment
so we're going to hold off for now but
eventually we will get we will adopt a
puppy and he will be part of the eight
family so I'm excited for that
oh yeah
so fast I got to spend with you on
Victoria's Secret I love going
Victoria's Secret fellas alright so
happy every time you come here you happy
what you guys think I picked out these
two Catherine fire fellas you gotta love
being here because whatever you pick out
you know your woman's in a weird like oh
I love being here you know what I mean
it's just the beautiful thing let me see
how I did oh yeah honey
hey my size yeah cuz I do I'm not some
wasn't that's that's kind of granny is
right there I don't like that alright
guys Catherine had a rush L to the car
because she just proved it on herself so
I'll be closing all by myself it's why I
do close it out I do have to give our
notification shout out to Gary zing
shouts you roll thank you so much for
having your full certifications turned
on and showing us love
we appreciate you welcome to the 8th
family where else like a falsification
shout out I got to do a turn on your
Folsom vacations and comment when done
so obviously if you like this video give
it a thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me my beautiful Queen
always say we'll be back with more
videos peace
