down until Election Day hey Stanley
welcome back to town guys today the plan
is to print Austin by pretending that I
got a tattoo of his name on my wrist so
I've been trying to do this print for
about a month now and I've actually
attempted twice believe it or not
yesterday I went to a henna place and I
had this Indian lady make a you know
like right often on my rest make it look
like a real tattoo and it it was
horrible as you guys could see I
actually had to sleep with a sweater on
last night because I didn't want to see
it so today I'm going to attempt one
last time hopefully this works it
happens to be the perfect day to do this
because he got me a gift certificate for
Valentine's Day and I thought I was
going to use it today so he made plans
to go to the mall with Elle and get some
couple things that she needed and so I
have his on our time to get everything
set up get the camera set up put the
real tattoo on my wrist so what I'm
going to do them in views like a pin
sharpie just write his name on there and
then I'm going to use this appointment
that people use when they actually get a
tattoo and often noses because he's
covered in tattoos and I personally
don't have any of you guys are new to
our channel you know that I don't have
any tattoos he's mentioned in the past
that you think I should get one but
obviously haven't got one yet but I
think that this would be the perfect
opportunity to say that I got his name
and I also got this plastic wrap to wrap
around my wrist when I'm done to make it
even more believable I have no idea I
was going to react I don't know if he's
gonna be upset I don't know who's going
to be happy I don't even know if you
didn't even believe me but I guess we'll
see we'll find out together I'm really
nervous with me look there is what I
drew it took me a while and even get it
is good but that looks way better than
this does the hull is off that's not
good
so no I'm going to do is I'm going to
get this appointment put it on there
so it looks real but not on the actual
writing kids might come off okay so I'm
going to wrap this on my wrist make sure
that it looks a little bit red more
believable and then I'll show it to you
guys there is so I'm going to go set up
the cameras right now and I guess just
set on the counter something weekly at
home and then I'm going to show him
all right guys um
so the last thing often text me was that
he was pulling into the garage so he
should be up here any minute now
hello yeah
hell no no yeah the bikini does nothing
to stop drivers um you're wondering I
got okay but
if you poop when you got some new stuff
I don't like a look at it okay
hey you can order Becky from a month
cuz automate week on your money is
always kind of continue since you only
have a cookie in your hands pretty what
is love
oh good really good
I'm having such a walk would you go - I
went down the street like random ugly
where my guy although I would you awful
I like to put on tattoos on my Google
Map Quest doesn't want any money
penalties really do you like think I
love it oh my god
this is going on Instagram right now oh
when we do that picture and I don't
lighting in here is it
you just got real look that's about to
get hey hello
I don't like the whole of it a good
economy looks great why'd you tell me
because I wanted to five year why would
I tell you this is a surprise
oh because it was important look
goodness you're so pretty
we're going to think I'm joking shall I
just look it up is not the same
Oh
you know in your work environment I bet
you I'm on here what to take mom I shake
my arm pull the whole load I'm going to
take the day honoree no no and right now
the guy decides to leave the contrary
but I want with it huh hello though is
that in the back I got oh yes and I'd
like you are all good time oh my god do
you like anybody's head right now now
you forget my new I'm down you really
did that for me are you going to chop do
something if you don't believe it you
have to think whatever you tattoo
oh my god and I waited but it
everybody's like wow you should have
waited
yeah mm-hmm
did it hurt hi am I told you said a
little joke husband l c'mere a little my
second trick here I mean you know I'm
not even looking at it
okay okay okay you don't like it she
don't like it
oh okay
oh my god I want to call trade oh my God
my mom's a strictly protected me dude
yeah that's why I want you to post it
right away
with all the clothes you need because
now my mom just texted me about it and I
wanted to send it to herself
I'll show you right now
he's I believe
well you won't believe how to spell my
name had honor swear ball yes and I'm
gonna hit that
so you know it's brilliant Ramon tremble
you see overall I'm gonna have to use
having Olivia busting up on right now
oh yeah control will usually come
through
I left early I want to bless shows I
wanna go with you about to give you a I
don't ever do that - what what
hey why white Oh bro yeah it really just
rested on anything and I was like what
the hell are you doing that awesome
oh yeah it's a good what are you really
out of sight you're not really in that
it'll say I know you know that up sigh
are you okay oh think you've never will
you hear no hey girl
what if I want to delete your name tag I
know but I wouldn't let you do that here
come here with me I would never do that
no I don't have any tattoos I'm gonna
get tatted up me I didn't mean like
someone I'm saying general I never do it
loud you can play around like that this
is a prank and I'm getting you back for
last time not sighs okay a lot right so
that's messed up
alright guys so so nothing I don't know
if I'm gonna be coaching oh no you're
not
she's not both in it you know okay you
just started a print war you know that
right okay you don't ever do that to
anybody you know how many things you've
done to me you do to people what name
one I leave when you take this seizure
when you freaking did the home robbery
remember yeah that was pretty much so oh
this is absolutely wrong no no this is
not completely wrong it's funny no this
is like messing with own feelings I even
just messing myself why didn't you
actually believe it couldn't you tell
him it's fake no it looks real macho
watch out how am i watching out more all
right
okay there is no done you shut off now
and call tree alright guys so I think I
got it pretty good
no you did what are you doing yes I
suppose you posted a picture on
Instagram and I think tattoos I knew you
would never get tensed of a tattoo that
I drew on my frickin on my own what the
leader right now so yeah I think we
started pre-war and oh yeah bird war I'm
obviously going to win so yeah it'd be
kind of hard to top that one off anyways
so before I forget I want to do today
shout-out and today's shout-out goes to
a guy named foo Tay spelled su h th and
he's currently deployed to Iraq so
shout-out to you not really didn't know
that I can get it like on the back of my
neck maybe like under my hair what are
you gave me the wrong with you you know
laughs hold on 12 hours before alright
so um we're gonna go have a talk and
we'll be back with more videos with no
videos
