someone told me never saw
please don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
look this guy high-test your limit
you feel like stop incredible most there
I can see I'm sorry i cha cha cha I told
for your
where is she
where did you go is that Starbucks
looking for you this morning
you got you got Starbucks this morning
so you didn't get this one you didn't do
this one
you gotta get you a Starbucks before you
start home today I see you okay all
right guys I guess our one and a half
year old daughter oh no you need to put
that being you back on can you guys
would be up Dada Dada Starbucks thank
you no we're just playing guys it was
just a fun little Q skit for all of you
we want to put a smile on all of your
faces this morning hopefully it worked
so if you are new to this channel make
sure you hit that subscribe button and
join the family and if you guys don't
have any ace family merch all you got to
do is go to shop hey steli comm link is
always in the description oh and not to
mention we will be having a huge
Valentine's Day sale coming up so stay
tuned for that
and if you didn't get a chance to see
our last video our ball cart caddy is
back home looking better than ever roll
the clip superplex I'll just boot you
choking you desert
and and that a family is now five
million a look at the view though you
guys are so amazing so now let's get to
them yeah let me see that camera what my
girls go girl where are you oh you guys
in the room play what are you guys doing
what are you doing you cookin oh you're
making Dennett breakfast this morning
huh can I get eggs please don't want
eggs and toast and then orange juice so
orange juice scrambled eggs with cheese
on top and then toast with jelly but you
can't touch it okay what is that whoa
Arielle and Sebastian okay you you see I
made it just no no no where you going
she stole a lively come bring Ariel back
come here right now hide should I be
door hey hey come here right now
I don't play that I don't play that I
don't play that come here right now
l can you play a song for dad dad play
the piano but first you need other song
where's your the sock you don't know my
mama has it looks right there mama does
have it turn with your leg I have it she
knew you had it now put your sock on so
you can play a song for dad day okay put
the sock on good yeah
wow you gotta put your own sock on good
job
you're a big girl alright let's play a
song for dead
that is hard okay so this song right
here is dedicated to every single one of
our family members everything we do is
for you so don't find Legos okay we're
gonna make a lego person okay there we
go we're making a legal person guys
alright so here is our Lego person looks
like a deformed your ass yeah what did I
teach you if this is a boy what do you
do if you try to talk to you what do you
do yeah okay I think you've done I think
I think he's done okay yeah all right
baby
so I think it's time that we answer the
question the question you've all been
waiting for the question that you've all
been asking every other comment are you
ready here we go it's so now to answer
the question that you all have been
asking the question that we see every
day
why do you were asking this question
even before we announced we were
pregnant so do you want to explain
mm-hmm okay take over so this question
is something that obviously you guys
know from the caption but it's also
something we've discussed before on our
channel and a lot of you guys are new to
our channel so maybe you haven't seen
that response so we're gonna get that
today so before we begin just a little
history on the word ace so when we first
got together and we had a family I first
want to say sorry to cut you off I first
want to say if you do not know what a
stands for I'm sorry to say you are a
part of a funny because a little go out
in public and people would be like hey
ace hey ace and don't think your name is
a you can go yeah or they'll think our
last name is ace no base family so if
you don't know what a stands for I guess
just listen up so it stands for the
first letters of our name so Austin
Katherine and out but when we first
started our YouTube channel we were
Katherine and Austin blob literally for
like a second
I can't leave all of it all I gotta say
is I'm so glad we changed yeah so when
the first start our YouTube channel
we've had a Katherine Austin obviously
you guys know if you've been it with us
for that long we didn't take YouTube
seriously when we first first started we
probably post it like once a month and
then finally when we started posting we
were like okay let's make this a family
channel and there weren't many family
channels back then so we wanted to name
our channel something that stands for
family and so I was thinking one day and
I was like hey all of our names put
together like the first letters of our
names about ace and so I thought it was
really cool and Iseult because the ACE
definition stands for unity exactly like
just crazy because we didn't even know
that until someone told us one day and
we were like that is so crazy this is so
destiny so we named our channel - ace
family and we're so happy that we did
because today it's what it is and we're
so grateful for that so to answer your
guys's question before we found out we
were having a daughter so while I was
pregnant we thought we were having a boy
and I told Austin all of my name ideas
so my first name idea for our girl was
out there was a second name idea for a
girl and then there was the third name
idea was for a boy and so this is some
really crazy who's gonna sound
really weird so the other boy and girl
name that I love the only two other
names that I absolutely loved start with
the same letter so I can't tell you what
that is but let's just say that this is
100% destiny because I'm telling you
that this is crazy the ace name was
decided way after those names were
picked ace didn't even exist
and then all these initials make so much
sense that it needs to be a really
confusing to understand I hope that you
get it I got it so whether we have a boy
or a girl
the ace family name will not be changed
but there will be a letter added if that
makes it that's all we're gonna say
sorry guys so I know a lot of you are
going to try to guess what our future
channel name will be I'm not gonna lie
you guys are really cool but like I said
this was discussed and decided way
before Ace was even created and so we
have to stick with that we wanna have to
stick with destiny so you guys will find
out soon all we gotta say is um stay
tuned so thank you all for tuning in as
always before we close out today's video
we do have to give our post on vacations
shout out to a little bit
today's posted a vacation shout out goes
to lone wolf let's shout to you lonely
like that name whoever else like a post
on station shout out all you gotta do is
subscribe today's family hit that
subscribe button turn our pulse
notifications hit that Bell button and
once you do those two things all you
gonna do is comment done it's that easy
so obviously if you liked today's video
you got to give it a thumbs up give it a
thumbs up if you're excited to be on
this pregnancy journey with us so like
comment share and subscribe and like me
beautiful queen sorry sorry my beautiful
pregnant queen always say we'll be back
with my videos peace
