hey guys today we have a surprise for
you guys
I'm doing this magnificent third time
and could it be a pregnancy so basically
you're going to be pregnant isn't it
Payton is put on a pregnancy belly and
you're sending back into labor
I'm hoping we get a good citizen so the
train goes as planned
now I'm going to be in the bedroom while
you do not because I can't be there
because I will literally cry you guys
ready you guys ready to see the people
man print and the first two were pretty
good and I think this one would be the
best one yet make sure you keep watch
boom hello look guys how do I look I'm
mother get his brother what do you think
show them a little better hello look can
you look fabulous
do a little spin there a little twirl oh
my god Becky yeah look at her butt is
that big what do you think princess do
you think she's looking like what all
right I'm gonna do oh that's right I
know honey I know there's only for a
quick second she's like no daddy no so
let's do it
i'ma try my best invited inside right
uh-huh
and while I'm looking for my cash I'm
going to okay act like I have hot
flashes okay
wait can you not with accent because I
can't take you serious all right I'm
gonna be like and then I act like I'm
going into later already so thank you
key what wait can you do like the fall
like how you're going to act when you're
actually going into labor there's very
little that came up and get like
right here
once I
always yeah oh my god
okay all right I see I'm not too into
like the hole in me and I hardly think
you really good I hate being like Nixon
of things I might as well use it
thank you integrate another day all
right I don't man next that that AI all
fours use that a little man okay I'll be
the hook Queen and Christopher in the
room Catherine said she couldn't be here
issues is not allowed
quite that shit
for the camera
he was like a young dude so he knows so
the whole time he's like looking around
like where is his camera in that guy's
we did it we got our third video I know
I'm starvin did he I picked them well
too so you know hopefully forgets about
it he's good doing a lot and are we
helping me thank you guys so much for
watching
just know we're gonna keep doing these
and we've done them in the past if you
haven't seen them go check them out
there will be more so yeah guys thank
you so much for watching obviously if
you like it which you should give it a
video super thumbs up comment share and
subscribe and let me not clean always
we'll be back with more videos peace
