hey hey hey hey what's going on guys
welcome back to our channel hope
everybody is having a wonderful day
today is an exciting day you know why
because the ace family will be attending
the biggest YouTube party that's ever
been a party coin will be going princess
will be going and I will be going Queen
at the moment is in the room with her
friends her friend has created a vanity
for her so they are no wrong putting
together right now I'm excited to see it
because Katherine's been won the vanity
for a while now so yes will we spend in
a few hours at the house and so they're
done with that once they're done we will
be going shopping for some outfits for
the party we have to make sure we look
in busy unique fabulous and all your
love but make sure you keep watching so
you can enjoy the party but maybe come
to the next one it would be a great year
I think it looks good right there okay
guys so as I mentioned before I was
looking for vanity so I found the
perfect person to make me a vanity
personally in my house so I'm here in my
room
and she's currently making it so this is
the vanity this is just a mere portion
of it and then here I'm going to turn
the lights mom look how crazy bright
that is so pretty
there's going to be like a shelf
underneath so I can put all my stuff so
it's not like a big table in the corner
and so this is the other part over here
and this I got it from Ikea so it's just
like a little shelf and then I can just
fix up in there and then I'm gonna put
the brackets that I just got today
from Home Depot so these are already
here it's gonna look really simple and
just really sleek so that's exactly how
I wanted it and then the mirror itself
is pretty big which I love and humble
tall a hundred yeah
is the small and is 400 okay we do have
this bigger one it's basically like
another crane bigger mm-hmm
you can just imagine another cream on
top of that frame and the large one is
550 the light on it looks more cool but
it has the same look
oh yeah like the bulbs are like closer
together yeah it has a total of eight
painted my windows depending on what
people want
okay um got one or either one and you
can make it in a hole or just quite a
different choice to school it depends on
what you don't want yeah guys these are
these mirrors are on the actual wall so
you see how that looks on the side it
just looks really sleek and just like
really simple the way that she made it
and guys I made me do my makeup on this
and I'm not going to miss not one thing
look how awesome this would set up is
that you're able to Johanna I'm in
college so you want to stand up and you
can still see yourself maybe wanted to
list where you spit in your eye level
when you gather in and you look at this
yeah so for urinate you're perfect
really burners all right guys it's the
first time and I'm seeing the vanity and
this is amazing I've never seen any like
this before I didn't know what her
vanity was until now if Katherine then
show you already I will let you check it
out
Zayn I like it's powerful that's amazing
snogging to sit here and do my makeup
tutorials right here guys
got Daniel marma fine alright so really
quickly I just want to show you the
Buddha that I designed it's been a long
process but it's finally here and I'm so
excited to show you here I'm gonna make
you guys good to see it but here it is
show you the back it was made in Los
Angeles the chain is imported from Italy
and it's 24 karat gold plated so as you
guys know I am a huge fan of Buddha's
and elephants Buddha's have been
something that have been really special
to me for many years I've actually had
this Buddha right over here for about
six seven years I got this from my mom
as a present when I moved to my first
apartment in every single place that
I've lived since and it's brought me a
lot of luck so I keep it right here and
I actually put it right here next to my
vanity so it looks really nice over here
yeah so the Buddha is going to be
available in a couple of days I'm going
to put the link in the bio so you guys
can check it out I'm not sure if my
actual necklace is on the website yet
it's going to be going live on Tuesday I
believe it is a really good present for
Valentine's Day coming up and I am
selling the necklace for only a limited
time only so it's going to be just a
couple of weeks but hopefully I can
bring it back so like I said it's
brought me a lot of luck and that's why
I wanted to create this necklace oh my
that is a nice cow mama
that's your couch how do you feel look
at yourself
do you like the way you look on that
beautiful couch look what you think
that's a nice couch there okay go ahead
and get off the couch and go do your day
they actually shot her with a nerf gun
it and she started crying look watch
what happened to Ron
show me that but are you thinking so we
got but turn around let me do that but
around the hole is try to do you Craig
turn around we should have about using
fascination wrong you're spanking will
be getting shot the nerf in your Buster
now I get you alright head turn now but
around just give me kiss
said like a little bit does she like it
she on her I'd I'll fly and Hermione hey
Jill oh I do
alright guys bus will be ready go get
our outfit for the party let's go you
ready
we'll be back in a few and we're back
lots of going here to Party City and get
our outfit for the party
I haven't been to party city and like
climbing well guess what
about to get our outfits we mother turn
up so make sure y'all keep watch you can
tell the ACLU I'll see you again for the
party no it's a secret ok you gotta keep
watching right yeah yeah yeah ok all
right guys so finding our outfits was a
success we got the outfit which I can't
see not yet we got to hurry rush home
before we're late and we got to change
and get ready for the pot ok so y'all
want to come do y'all want to come you
want to come her shoe sale yes she just
got her toes out so if y'all want to
come get ready put on whatever you got
just look presentable presentable and
come to the party so before we change
into our outfits we have to give our
notification shout out so a notification
shout out goes to Justin Anderson from
Texas shelf you wrote that a family
appreciates you whoever else would like
it notification shout out all you got to
do is turn on our pulse on vacation and
you can have a chance to get a shout out
well then go ahead and comment when you
do something here's your outfit value -
here's your outfit damn you beautiful
all right
no party way to leave the party early
time to go to bed now
go home go to sleep come on all right
guys we are finally in bed the turn-up
was real was the turn of real yet for
the party yeah now we have to give you a
background lively because you know
thank you you know thank you hope you
guys enjoy the party what whoever is
subscribed to our channel we will be
inviting to the next party so yeah and I
know a lot of you guys have been asking
for us check our peal box we've been
super busy as you guys know we've been
scary the last incident yeah and we've
been scared on top of that two weeks
then yeah yeah we haven't checked some
Sun yes we'll be checking a few locks on
and we'll obviously open it in front of
you guys we'll film that and if you're
interested in knowing our p o-- box it
is in our description there was
something else I had to tell you guys ah
well are you flexible alright well we're
about to get ready for bed for we're
gonna sleep tonight we will be stopping
guys Instagram we're going to show you
guys some love like beds pictures
if you guys want to know our Instagram
Katherine's was right here mine is right
here so we're gonna spam you you spam us
and we're just gonna have a spamming
party right and if you do comment it
will be much easier for us to notice you
so yeah it makes you comment well you
know just stalk you back doesn't matter
who you are just comment we will find a
we will see your comment because they're
going to be checking we're going to give
all y'all likes we're gonna show y'all
some love
so it's always show us all over yeah
alright y'all we love you guys so much
we'll see you tomorrow peace
