yeah you saw a half yeah hey everything
that goes on our head
hey hey hey thank you poor Alice
interview affinity tires going to pull
it out look so guys we read some of the
comments and we took someone's advice
and put the coffee table right outside
of the balcony just for now just until
we get look look someone forget it oh my
god
little karate ie
hey hey baby every time you have to say
it anyone try it again you ready one two
three
Hey Hey okay it's okay guys
still early so she's a little sleepy we
got a lot of runaround do today today is
gonna be else first swim day you know
we're gonna go get her some floaties
give me some floaties when getting the
bathtub together and she's gonna try to
do her first swim I'm gonna teach you
how to swim today guys so make sure you
keep watching so you can see that like I
said we got a bunch of other stuff
planned Queen is in the shower at the
moment and uh yeah she always taught to
take my hats off every someone wearing
some of my head she always particularly
what's wrong but telling him what do you
want to say it's your turn I love you
I'm surprised she hasn't bandanna on her
hand as long as she has it because
whenever something's on her head she
always takes it off she hates anything
on her head my head or anybody else's
says I don't know why's weird last thing
yes I'm gonna say what do you have to
say to the eight family huh if you had
one thing you had to say what would you
say
what would you say all right y'all queen
is in the shower right now and we've
been seeing those 1,000 5,000 10,000
prank videos on YouTube so shooting the
show right now I'm gonna get some red
cups put it outside the shower and me
and princess about the game
okay often why did you miss one that got
you we got you you look kind of hood
girl you a hood baby the green lash you
decipher change up site I got left
handed I refuse
hey guys I just got out of the shower
and that is what happened to me anyways
um so I just wanted to say that I've
been using this Clarisonic for about two
years as I mentioned before on my
skincare routine and I am going to be
doing a new one because I believe you
Don I want to make a new one so I'll be
doing on soon and I wanted to mention to
you guys that I did get this about a
week ago and I've been using it for
about five days now and it is really
different from the Clarisonic I will say
the bristles are a lot smoother see how
like they just like moves like that kind
of more like I was like brush as opposed
to this one being more like of a
toothbrush see how they're kind of like
harder so I do like this one because it
removes all of my makeup and oh it's
like really soft on your face but one
thing I noticed is when you do use it if
you put water on it make sure to like
wait before you bring it up because
it'll literally get all over the mirror
you'll not happen so you just like put
water on it and then kind of like that
see the water coming like I said I've
been using this for about five days now
it's called the vanity planet ultimate
skin spa system so so yes and it comes
with this too
this is really cool so it's basically
just like a travel thing which I didn't
have for this one every time I traveled
which is really annoying because all I
have is this little part and then the
water if I just use it the water comes
out and it's like all over my bag and
stuff so I really like that it comes
with this and I'll show you what it show
you what's inside so the vanity planet
comes inside this storage travel case
and it comes with a daily hunting brush
wish which is on the actual brush itself
when you get it and then it comes with
the exfoliating brush which is that one
and then it also comes with the silicone
brush which is really good for people
who have sensitive skin and acne so and
another thing that I notice is like that
baby hairs every time I use it's like
the baby hairs on my eyebrows go
everywhere you see that one of the
reasons why I wanted to bring this up
right now is because this well I love it
so much and I'm starting to use it every
day and I'm probably going to be using
it for about two years just like I use
this one first series two different
reasons obviously one is for more like
makeup removing and the other ones more
for like exfoliating but like I said I
do have the other brush so I'm going to
be trying a different head on this one
but honestly since this one has all of
the different like heads I can change it
to I might actually just get rid of this
one or give us often and just keep this
one but anyways I also wanted to mention
that this product is a hundred and
twenty-five dollars which is pretty good
I see
but I was able to speak to the people
who sent it to me and I asked them if
they can give me a discount for you guys
so it is going to be 38 dollars instead
of 125 which is wait let me see if it's
125 I'm sure so yeah so you're gonna get
it for 38 dollars when it's originally
125 okay so that's 70% off so that's
like a really big deal
we must admit looking a little rough
today but for my friend she's always
looking thank you
hi guys we're off to where we are
compared to a furniture store if you
look at cribs for ela we just the right
spot where we're going to be getting el
Krim super excited for over an old crib
is the name of the reason why we are
reportedly because they all has a little
bit of behavior problem according to our
doc term we'll go too much into debt
with that so hopefully we can change
that behavior problem by getting a crib
this one looks really cute simple oh my
God look how cute these are oh thank you
baby
we actually had this bassinet
yeah yeah we had the fire bed for a
while but she never wanted to sleep in
it so my only thing is she stands up so
she can't get out of this I know because
this this distance from here to here
it's pretty much the same on all the
crib because it's adjustable you can
actually put this down and raise it up
as well so I ask when they're you know
you can actually you can actually
there's like three positions that you
can actually lower it or raise it up so
depending on how old they are
you can either yeah raise it up or lower
so so the idea is that as a crib they
can probably use it up until when you're
able to stand up and kind of pull
themselves off and then yeah we can
every babies if I am it could be at
one-year-old theater for Gary we have
development they had they have the
strength to like yeah they want to go
and some kids just want to save their
crib you know yeah different as soon as
they're able to in other words to stand
up and climb out you convert it you
convert it it's called like a toddler
conversion kit what it does is it takes
the front out there is a small little
piece with a little opening on the side
so that the child can go in and out
consultant they don't like their but
they don't feel like it yeah I'm a snack
so they they actually will go and make
them feel like bell girls and I'm
jumping out from here it's much much
more with a little opening on the side
kind of like a little door but they can
as soon as they want to find out they
just find out that's like pretty close
like that you can use this trip for up
more than six years ago
don't you think you might really like
this career is it you you like this
Chris no more sleeping with mommy and
daddy okay
thank you okay tell me do you like this
one I know so guys so they had these
breathable bumpers and they were just
saying that we can add them to the crib
yeah yeah it just makes it more baby
like I can get through here or a
suffocation or whatnot this is the same
height but this is made out of others
with an apricot yeah so I hundred
percent breathable and it's at its all
safe there's no you know there's no
cushioning and they are shiny oh yeah
you could do something like that with me
and he just sold like just basic but
beautiful I love that you like them yeah
and it'll be a bolt it'll won't protect
your child but at the same time it's
completely breathable there is no
personal issues or anything like like
their own house right here yeah this is
cool like the pump it got a little
stairs for ya may wish you five huh so I
decided on this pen right over here
they're like a little bit thicker back a
little bit so I can sorry sorry sorry
but it's not going to come with all that
stuff inside so what we're going to do
is we're going to get this white and
pink borders inside and what do you say
what kind of matter Oh
organic cotton and so we're going to do
that instead of this then we actually
really like this curve because like you
said earlier you can use it in different
ways and he also said if we have a boy
when I came over here no we said we can
also change this out and make it a blue
for him
yeah also we can embroider these
whatever we want princess air or
whatever and it takes about two to three
weeks to get so we're going to be
getting this in a couple week so we'll
show you what it looks like in the nurse
and get it guys you understand Catherine
and I are so happy that we finally found
a crib
as amazing because we Bashar looks were
true for the last like five months and
Catherine's always and lettuces weight
lately find it really nice for him and
next thing you know we found a place
that has beautiful baby stuff and it was
worked out perfectly the shower -
there's only furniture for having the
best baby stuff out there now I will
princess Bahama crib no more sleeping
with Daddy and Mommy we're going to try
our best
it's really hair are going to click the
link in the description so you guys can
see where you guys can go like oh we
have made it Qatar she don't develop
you'll say Tarzan cause I love to get
her floaties I'm about to get some
floaties and we're back and I'm gonna
teach L how to swim here we get home
she's actually pretty good underwater
okay we have found our location snorkel
gear checks floaties check goggles check
torpedoes check whatever this thing is
check now we're looking for a bathing
suit you like any of these princess what
no no no no no what I love you on
one piece until you're 80 guys queen is
really trying to get this bikini for it
princess show them show them
Shaun princess you like it oh hi guys
want to head back to the house and get
ready to swim okay we will see on a few
Wow you ready
receive a diversity thing you ready for
bed
no you're fine right I know
let me see no cavities
can i watch a little tooth down that's a
dr. chan sir Tran Oh dr. Tran follow so
it's okay you guys who keep you guys may
know every night our family we are
finally ready for bed
finally ready
it's been a long day guys been a long
day I'm tired and guys she's improving
performance skills are improving I
guarantee you by next month she'll be
swimming she'll be floatin all that good
stuff hope you enjoyed this day we love
taking that with us love walking with
you guys please like we always say we
appreciate all you guys love us support
and means a lot to us
opening else you guys we have so much to
share with you guys because I'm 17 you
guys did not understand which hoping our
family continued to grow and have a huge
ace family really like you really like
and we do apologize guys for lasting
videos we forgot to shout someone out
the end of the video so today we'll be
giving three shout outs to catch back up
Catherine is looking at the comments
right now you find anybody okay so I'm
going to give a couple shout out so the
first one is Azalea Park she said I got
a little teary eyed when Catherine
started talking about how much she
appreciates I love you so the next
shout-out goes to Marie Romero the salsa
dancing part has me dead lol and last
but not least never ends it tomorrow for
ya oh hi guys we're actually going to do
four because this video me a shout out
person so we're looking for two more
people and the next shot of those two
Caroline of you love putting it ish ever
literally done you guys killed it
literally died you guys killed it would
you like to say something
last shot goes to Sarah kara underscores
site and she said I'm just so excited to
watch every single one of your block oh
thank you guys everybody supported a
family movie shooting give everybody get
shot out who would you like to give a
shout out to go ahead okay all right
guys we love you guys so much
if you like this video which you should
if you're part of a family you'll give
this video a thumbs up you'll comment
share and subscribe like me and my queen
and like me and my queen always say
we'll be back in the morning we love you
guys so much peace
