hey hey hey what's going on guys today
we have decided that we will be doing
the yoga challenge Ryan lead in a few
hours so we decided why not do a
challenge before he leaves everybody
says you know he should be more of our
videos and we agree so he has to be
another video before he leaves so we
will be doing a yoga challenge you know
he thinks he's flexible I think I don't
know yeah he thinks he's like well I
know for sure I'm not flexible at all
this should be interesting
so Katherine here and L I'm going to be
picking out the yoga poses yes she'll
pick out a bunch of different yoga poses
for us to do and we're going to try our
best to complete them you know I think
we should do what we're sure the spandex
Jeremy Kelly extra say they say oh yeah
I don't have you know among the our yoga
okay okay why things where Catherine
spandex so we're gonna hurry up go
change and get ready for the yoga
challenge maybe you guys ready then huh
sweetie wait wait no we're going to go
all out whatever wig it's like a yoga
pant and just enjoy it okay we're gonna
do the home make sure y'all see watching
cycle got the wheel honestly like this
is Amy seen any more like that wait what
you want socks
you better be wearing a sock see why you
don't look very happy on me alright guys
I got all the yoga poses saved in my
phone so I'm going to be showing them
the younger players like this and then
we'll be adding them to the video so you
guys could see it so how many other
folks will be doing that 10 10 yoga cold
yoga pose and are you the judge to see
if we get or not yes I actually doubt a
judge but they can't tell you to all the
infant of us okay Thomas at the end of
the video you let us know if you like
you know polled one post to post three
liberal and you guys like the best
comment on the video you ready
a little bit H a little bit you can hit
open up whoo good yeah I've what hi
girly my name goes number one number one
is this one so you're a girl come on Oh
Rock a virgin was a girl obviously all
the girls and do this alright alright I
mean whoever is what a whirlwind doesn't
have to be on top so would another know
what they were scissoring volcano or
whatever what so how do you do with it
Rock Paper Scissors shoot rock paper to
the shoot done i won rock paper scissor
shoot that guy out here well the right
not bad well I hope to do it again I got
I got a freaking whole bit I like this
mmm-hmm everything that I'm saying
really
don't tell me Bobby's a whole my job
yeah does not act I'll guess I believe
in the air or is it not not hit global
idea table
you're lucky you're my blood you're glad
why are you like bringing it down bless
you my lovely keep them dirty look give
me your feet okay hold them like home
breathe okay the second pose is this how
do we do this later
you're doing this impossible things like
I could do that I could just really run
I can do that one what people doing
oh yeah know what to do man she's weird
I think my name is yeah that's a good
base yeah I mean it's not like I'm
pushing there right now that's exactly
right you're the judge one two three
yeah all right
I'm that arms up
why are you sharing with Sharon English
god Sharon is the person who lived
underneath us she's an old early woman
and she's complained before about us
having havoc around here let this happen
right it's seven o'clock mouth it has a
better if you want to miss Sharon we're
sorry we love you more than a video come
on
oh yeah obviously ballerina you're not
grateful enough you need to be grateful
why was it a nice apartment when you do
yoga you push me I'm grateful I did it
interlock your fingers please please
okay okay
exactly what they go because I'm right
you're the bird I'll burn I believe I
can along you have to bounce yeah
otherwise pair of your color model dark
one - good oh yeah go ahead and holy
site
okay okay
oh hey let's try that one come on this
is alive I said the numbers correctly
like I do it is that do it they do this
actually I'm gonna put up with this how
do you want it
here's the birthday of lightness and I'm
the big leg up here behind your neck are
you looking that bad
yeah you have to be mortgage of a chance
you don't want a wall all right ladies
and gentlemen that is it for our yoga
challenge in the comments let us know
how we did be honest well it will defer
to pose and then give us a rating one to
ten how and what do you think was the
best girl obviously
all right um I'm not sure what he's
talking about but anything on just know
don't judge you know it's all fun and
games everybody does the other challenge
maybe not people do it with the same sex
but hey you know we love to have fun and
we don't judge nobody we are we all
right God made us the way we offer a
reasonable you wanted to do yoga
challenge met alright guys thanks for
watching make sure you like comment
share and subscribe like me and my queen
always say we'll be back with more
videos are your keys
