what's going on hey what's going on guys
today I will be pranking Katherine and I
must admit the last prank she pulled on
me was pretty good she got me with a
fake bottle ticket thinking I won
$10,000
that's just wrong and you know I I
thought about it you know I did say in
that last video I was gonna cut her tits
off but I realized that's not an option
because I loved him too much
my princess loved him too much and she
needs him she needs them to see my
princess so I can't do that I won't be
cut her tits off today yes I will be
doing something better
I will be makes it a challenge with a
print and what that means is we will be
doing the blazing buffalo wing challenge
and that's where she's at right now
she's picking up the wing why did set my
prank up perfectly so this is how I was
going down from what we've seen these
wings look hot as shit I'm talking about
burning your mouth off burning it
burning your whole pan by so while we're
eating the wings obviously that part's
going to be real I'm going to really be
trying to eat these wings but there's
only a certain point where I'm over
exaggerated and I will be freaking out
like my chest is hurting I'm choking and
I'm dying
so this is how it's going to work and
this is why I'm saying this is going to
be so believable she's gonna have no
idea and she's gonna fall for I'm gonna
show you guys asbestos how it's gonna
work so so this is what we're going to
be right in a room filming the challenge
right
and why is going down like I said I'm
gonna be trying my best to you as many
as I can but it's going to come a point
where I'm over exaggerate and be choked
in front
so as I'm choking I'm gonna leave this
whole thing right the cameras going to
be right here on the tripod right so the
reason why she's going to believe me is
because I'm going to leave the room and
there's going to be no cameras so
they'll be like wait this has to be real
because we're not from the cameras
anymore but little does she know I'm
going to have a hidden camera in the
living room so I'm going to leave this
room go to the living room
yeah all right guys so I'm gonna hide
this other camera right here somewhere
you know put them on the picture you
know make sure she doesn't see it arjan
this is wrong gonna be choking and dying
so I walk into this role light and I'm
bout to hit her at oh I thought that was
her should be here any minute y'all
oh and awesome she gets home gonna hide
her phone she can't call 9-1-1 so she
gonna be like she already already so
make sure y'all right now I'm not
letting I'll go nowhere before y'all
comment and you're like team Austin so
like this video I'm sure I'll keep
watching and comment team Austin go
ahead our website y'all did okay cool Oh
y'all want to go down it's not to go
down on it must be dumb ideas but about
this plane about to go down for real all
right y'all much set it up you might be
right to it
keep watching it was like so hot now I'm
congested right now I'm sick and I feel
clearing up hey what's going on guys so
today we'll be doing the blazing buffalo
wing yeah I am so nervous because I
don't want anything spicy so this is
going to be sang with me I hate anything
that is hot anything that's hot it's
like right so the idea is we both have
10 pieces of blazing hot wings buffalo
ha oh my god even this smell I'm
congested because it's fake right now
and you're going to smell the clearing
up
so whoever can eat the most out of 10
rubber Easton obviously win and what we
see these wings are so hot they're like
makes you cry a burn girl is burned the
whole body we both have a lunch yet so
like really hungry so we're gonna try
our best to EB and then even though we
shouldn't start with
oh my god I'll beg you
oh my god nothing in hot water you know
I do saw this will be a lift
let me get it off right what I'm going I
can't do any much - oh come on ah why do
people choose this so eat it are you
doing my site
again do this anymore
oh my love you freaking tiny you
freaking line there's no way
everyone all right I'm gonna come on
sanitation hell okay okay calm down calm
down yeah okay I'll be back
is not born again
actually right now okay okay
oh my second will turn are you sure
well what's going on what do you how do
you feel what is doubling every you
can't believe what it's done all right
so I'm going to call me we're gonna
change that okay I wanted to how do you
want them to come what so where's your
phone
you didn't arrive on it you can just
calm down
can you get up come on come on it was a
prank
you really you really told the money
yeah for the first person I saw hey
anyways y'all anyway I wasn't mean but I
had to get her back I had to and I give
all props and credit to whoever does is
blatant how both we challenge because
Real Talk
this is hot my nose is burning my lips
my tongue my teeth are even burning
this is unbelievable alright y'all well
she's over there test the people out
there pissed you like the video makes
you give it a thumbs up comment share
subscribe and like me Ramon Queen always
say we're gonna be back with more videos
team Austin pace
