my oh my god hey family what's going on
guys today we'll be doing a
semi-furnished
trip for right yeah tell them tell them
watch they semis because we don't have
you okay you take over you take over
you take over go ahead reason why we say
semi-furnished group tours because we
don't have all our items just yet yeah
so everything is kind of like all over
the place right now and things aren't
really organized the way that we have
done we are going to show you what the
place looks like as of right now the day
after we moved in
yeah it's a big difference from what you
guys seen before
our last video and so we're going to go
ahead and take you guys alright so first
we're going to start with the lovely
kitchen not metal stuff and it's right
now and we sought to go to Costco today
and just get all the food and everything
yeah so um oh yeah we don't really have
many are sold up
so to survive hey guys the neighbor just
knocked on our door and gave us this
that was so freaking sweet of her and
she doesn't even know me and I love
chocolate
so I love her already don't get my
tickets man I got I got your tickets
there and then here's some dough
hello fell out someone we told so my boy
traits would be on this is a whole
nother day and he was like bro you had
guys try to doughnuts and I was like it
can't be much different than all the
other girls out there right he's like no
you got triumph Oh take a look now the
one of my favorite own endeavors will
display a bowl damn play three last
suicide the other reason no I didn't
stop messing around and without frettin
because you ate a nice salary
no I didn't I ate one guys but if you
got the Oreo that's mmm and got the
strawberry chocolate okay so the name of
the place is
California donuts
and far that is the address right there
you guys live in Los Angeles so you know
worried about is we have an alone fridge
not much but I literally not anything is
right here is far it's just for the
night since we just moved in yesterday
didn't have anything with everybody
Muslim Lavanya
it's right over here that is not going
to stay like that Austin just kind of
put all my shoes on there I'm going to
put most of us in our closet and then
just leave space for a guest all right
clean would you like to explain what
comment here is from our last video so
someone constant is that this was a
pantry which I totally understand but in
my size Austin High has a ton of shoes
but Sony shoes so we've got more shoes
and we have food just hop so this is the
reason why we have all these doing here
that might change in the future because
you know how I said that we are going to
build shelves in the closet for our
secret so let's just I'm going to end up
being that we're going to clean it out
and Institute in there later on have the
room for all that to all the activities
so much room for a cold think they like
you know the light we're going to be
doing a lot of great in here for you
guys we have some baking plan for you
guys here guys let me know what this
year do you see this chair sit in an
awesome
let's spin this
kind of money I'm Annette we should open
up all our mail to get some more peal
box in here and film in here : are so we
need to sit here open up our Piazza
Thanks kuk-ja Levin finally we got the
drone and also they picked up a mini
dramas or film there's a tiny Joan you
might have seen on my snapchat and then
all this in the backdrop I'll have some
chairs obviously can sit down
so the backdrop is kind of small right
now it doesn't fit you know the frame
very well but we're going to get a new
one we're going to get a bigger side one
so much water for those who are going to
be saying that it's small got a couple
extra things in case on pixiv goofy and
then doesn't look right we got the
lovely candle okay put some stuff in
here
the cool thing is that there's extra
room for storage this one and we got
Solange running right now oh and I can
oh I cannot forget about a lovely
basketball you know Oh off to the living
room if anybody is interested in this
coffee table all you have to do is leave
a comment this video and make sure you
the end us on Instagram we absolutely
love this coffee table but there's just
absolutely no space for it you know
obviously I got my laundry yeah cheer
together put some chairs together on the
picture right here yeah we're going to
change these picture frames out because
they don't match the place so there is a
picture from last month picture of L and
she was a month and a half old Austin
and I and my obsession with Buddha's and
elephants continues alright we got this
house from living faces these pillows
right here from where and using that
these pillows are amazing they're so
soft and by the way I'm obsessed with
t.j.maxx they always have great items
just like these one see little chairs
really cute and you can open them up so
we got two of those got this from Bath &
Body Works L favorite chair oh maybe not
don't bed oh the Wi-Fi guy just
came and he connected this but we don't
have our TV yet the TV will go there
TV's going right there we're trying to
get that one for Best Buy's best another
day this right here we gotten wrong IKEA
overcorrect yeah I can't ask you we
don't have anything out here yet lamp
from offer from Ikea
do not have anything out here yet but we
will don't come with me to our bitch
this is our California team right here
sit on my face I ever had yeah it's
really big bad so we got this matching
ottoman right over here so we had that
and then we have this over here you know
just in case l in the morning she's on
the bed and she's trying to crawl
everywhere and then I'm sick so I have
my tissues there and some diapers and
all that's going to go honestly we might
even take this whole thing out and then
replaces our dresser so originally we
plan to have this mirror over here on
top of the dresser but um since we have
a window and we didn't want to put it in
front of our bed because that's really
just like no space because the bed is so
freaking big we're just going to leave
the mayor out and then just put it
somewhere else
guys we got this from TJ Maxx and it's
so cute and just perfect for the room so
I'm going to end up putting my vanity
right over here then we stank senseless
death that was Ben senses oh yes so
precious my love so here guys we have
just a couple random stuff we still have
to get a new like toothbrush holder and
just some of my perfumes that I'm
obsessed with this one is literally the
best I just got that for my
mother-in-law and it's like little merit
awesome t.j.maxx
a little Burberry you know what I mean
you don't know shawl too much now our
bathtub
oh well we have got Clinton
know this real quick oh man I wish the
coupon to jamak guy
guys this is mal no good she has a
shower all kinds of videos over there
I'm starting her hair products
collisions amazing and our applause now
this year is not organized how you want
it so we just do things in here so make
space we just didn't get rid of the box
that's giving us so many boxes yes to
use them my aside and then all those
jackets are all going to be hidden back
here and here are those who did I know
Catherine I aren't hat brand those
different things if you love hats I got
to do is look in description and our
store will be there let me show you guys
one under one float away go over to our
new to our channel blue greatest of all
time guys we don't know what that means
family over everything that's our first
signature hat displayed yep these are
hot shoes boots yeah all of this is
going to be changed so it's not going to
look like this
I'm Adam got some scale just make sure
we don't eat too many goodies we were
going to put a projector here some
objectable there and let you walk into
the wall movie night guys and every
night a movie night come over we watch a
movie
now off to Ella's room before we walk in
here which like to explain to them with
their what to see okay so I don't have
to show you her nursery but I just want
you to know that the nursery is not
going to be like this whatsoever I'm
completely changing it around I'm not
one of those moms where I want the whole
nursery to like look so perfect when all
the colors are matching and it's like
such a scene obviously all her toys are
going to be in there so those don't
match with each other but I want to have
like a great childhood have all the
change so you're going are going to be
around in the room but I am going to
switch it around and I'm going to make
it a little bit prettier I'm going to
add a kid and oh it's such a good mom
yes okay I love you guys right so this
is it right now um like I said honestly
by the way oh so cute does he look like
a Lucy don't look like al guys oh my
goodness buddy don't you pick some point
do I look like hell
I think so yeah so this we're going to
get rid of this bassinet
this used to be in our room that right
there now we're going to replace it with
the crib yeah everything is Craig that's
a little red wagon that she does not
like she prefers the ice cooler with
other toys for a nap for toys are going
to be in the toys testing so we're going
to get rid of that cooler this is a very
lovely playground right here well know
what you would call this now here's our
elephant we love it
so this is on this channel ah from her
room um I really like the chair in
general I don't necessarily like it it
was blue but then I kind of fell in love
with colors together Theodore
he loves his new home by the way this is
also matching the chairs I'm going to do
her room kind of like a bluish pink
color like like a pretty like um like
nude color yes yes I love that and then
this side over here that is her
grandfather's painting correct yes and
this is where her brother gets his
talent from so this painting is about 80
years old
yes my dad's dad I painted this Wow and
I never met him cuz he died I didn't I'm
a pretty young age I never met him
so this is one of his paintings and then
I have another one by the way guys I've
moved so many times in my life and I've
kept these for so many years okay I
wanted to one day put it like in my home
so done amazing granddaughter so yeah so
this is one of them and I'm think I'm
gonna put this one in her room and her
toys let's get together a quick family
picture one two three and then this
every year this is just something we're
going to put together with these would
be Sheldon here and then also for those
who are going to say cuz I'm sharing a
say that so those are is going to say
that we should make sure that this is
attached to the wall I am doing that
with all of the furnitures in the house
um my sister was two years old she did
like accidentally go step onto the roof
or held the dresser and it fell on top
of her and my mom was right there
obviously she's in her life but that's
not going to happen in this case so yes
we're going to do that listen it's all
set to do it I'll talk about this girl
has too many shoes more shoes in the
little kitchen half that's okay she
deserted she's my princess all her shoes
and she has more so yeah those are her
stuff it's a love how big this is we can
just throw our toys in here her cabinet
mm-hmm
katha is very organized as you can see
so here's our bathroom so as you see I
put this carpet in here so I really
carpet for a bathroom but I put it in
here because when she calls I don't want
her to crawl on this tile you know in
her herself so I put this in here and
actually kind of matches perfectly in
here and then her sing something to get
more stuff here's just some like random
little stuff I have so much attention
because of my mom because she's always
like oh my god you need
10 for diaper rash Mattel has never had
a diaper rash lower life lucky never had
a diaper rise oh my goodness
and then here's her bath time I just
have that on there so she doesn't slip
and there's her like little products
that she used a little soap I've
actually never used that bar so I don't
know why I put it there and then this is
just for house love so my brother is
going to be on I'm using this bathroom
when he comes all right people
oh hello before we hold out I promised
them that I would fly my drone why but
I'm not going to fly the big one because
I need some practice bills I'm gonna
slide a little oh you should fight a
little one all right
I was actually scared little one all
right you know go whoa Oh three down
right now
I'm so not learning how to how to drive
it
I do can you brief a careful with the
law so sell her out of control I'm shy
begins
neither pretty good yesterday it's gonna
go fast now oh here we go there we go
oh my god oh oh oh oh it's while enough
is Wilin out it's really hard to control
to one hand whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
what oh there it is guys oh no come back
come back to me what Oh No
all right guys well I hope you enjoyed
our semi-furnished crypt or is this how
do you feel about the whole process oh
oh and before I forget shout out to
shout out to Leah shard keycard
oh yes sorry sorry too well here looking
at your guys is common yeah
shout out to Alexandria to tirado right
over thank you she said that your place
is beautiful so thank you shout out to
lo NAT G you guys said you can we see
the furniture tourist experience alright
guys well she getting you to shout out
and so shout to those people whether
notifications turned on and who show us
love and support we really appreciate
you guys so much like I said before all
I got to do is have you know the case is
turned on and we're going to show you
love that so there it is people thank
you guys for tuning in we love you guys
so much but like me and my queen always
say we'll be back my next videos
alright everybody would love you guys so
much peace
