Heys family what's going on everybody
before we start we do like to say happy
new year 2016 was an amazing year but
2017 will be even a better year right
just so you guys know we aren't redoing
this video because we I know you're
inflating yeah we just did this video we
did the whole video and it was great and
then I like started leaking on camera
because I'm breastfeeding so we had to
redo the video is I thought was funny
fella we should have kept yeah he was
like oh let's just keep going and then I
was like now it looks really about
anyway John 17 it's gonna be an amazing
year we have a lot of stuff that we
would like to share with you guys we
have a lot of things coming so we have
new products coming for our brand that
we have right now yeah for those who
don't know we have own a hat company
slash like a little bit of clothing here
and there that we throw out there and we
haven't came out with anything new
because of the holidays but now um we
usually come out with new designs every
week right so now hopefully next week or
the week after we'll be having a bunch
new colorways for hats different designs
different textures different gaming hats
that don't even exist right now right
well if you're interesting that link
will obviously be in description where
you can find our store and also
Katherine like to share her new so we
have another business that we're also
starting this year and it's a little
different from the hats but it's um it's
also she thinks you guys are gonna love
it I'm doing a line for onesies I'm
starting a business for that and so I'm
gonna be doing onesies but not just
onesies that you wear to bed but onesies
you also wear out yeah
like classy onesies yeah so onesies that
can be worn outside as well to sleep um
I'm gonna start with three different
colorways and I'm going to perfect
to what I think that people would like
to wear out in so it's not like you're
wearing a Wednesday you're wearing a
onesie that's also casual and so we're
doing that and I'm working on the
designs right now actually so then we
also tell in 70 we have so much plan for
this year it's gonna be I always want to
say too much but it's gonna be like yeah
it's a lot and we're also gonna be doing
a huge oh my god giveaway we're doing
like the biggest giveaway ever yeah
we've never seen this giveaway done
before um so this is gonna be like we're
so excited but we're like we want to do
it right now we can't right now yeah we
set the Liz Lange later um and then also
hope you guys aren't too upset with us
or flushed rated that we haven't upload
in a few days it's been about like three
days since who haven't uploaded but we
do have a good reason for it we've been
super busy and we also are waiting on
some good news it's been about 42 hours
since we've been waiting literally just
staring at our and we can't do anything
because we've done everything we can
possibly do for the situation so now
it's just like a waiting game now we're
just doing the waiting game waiting for
a phone call
obviously once we find out what's going
on we're gonna share with you guys it's
going to be some exciting news so be on
the lookout for the next video because
we'll obviously share that exciting news
with you guys once we receive it um so
yeah that's why we have in-person
anything it's because we've been
focusing on that and doing
everything need to do to set the news no
I thought it was I was like just do your
taxes I thought oh my god I thought that
was exciting new things when the odds of
that we're making the video yeah oh my
god imagine or was I don't be so happy
other than crazy but yeah guys um so we
have a lot going on 2017 for you guys so
make sure you stay tuned for that
we also want to say thank you we haven't
thank you guys enough for all the
support and love that you give us
we're almost at 500 K subscribers Wyatt
yeah
Crazy's only been doing this
consistently for like four or five
months literally we made a video way
back in like last year when I was still
in college my last year my senior year
of college made a video just for fun I
was literally like just to say hey let's
let's let's do a video just to capture
some moments I know that was like three
months of finding it all something I was
like twelve months ago and after that we
didn't continue making video so
obviously we weren't consistent we just
made one video but now we've been
consistently doing it for about four or
five months and we almost have 500k
subscribers which is amazing thank you
guys so much for that let's keep this a
family girl and done so the reason why
we even started doing YouTube is because
both of us have been really active on
social media for several years now like
maybe even a decade and when we met well
seriously with the howl I'm greeted
myspace so when we met we were like okay
let's um we didn't even think about
doing YouTube actually - odd are rooming
at the time what back when he was in
college was like you guys should start
doing YouTube and we didn't know
anything about YouTube I thought YouTube
was literally just you go on there and
you can just listen to music or makeup
tutorials yeah I know and Eddie know
about vlogging until last year last year
we yes vlogging until so eight months
ago yeah we didn't know that vlogging
existed like I didn't know that people
asked what we knew was we knew long ago
just didn't know like what it was about
like what is what exactly vlogging was
so then his friends Ishod was like you
guys should start blogging and so
that's that's what we decided to do that
one video that we posted like I think is
like ten months ago I was like a year
told months ago okay something like that
and then we kind of like fell off we
didn't really keep up with it and then
we moved back to Los Angeles and then we
kind of learn more about it and started
seeing like how people do blogging and
we're like we should do blogging cuz
people are already yeah we're already
out you know yeah we put things so we
put stuff out there for our supporters
people who are support you obviously
want to know about your life and want to
be closer to us so we figured why not
start blogging and be more out there
won't we share more of our lives of
people yeah we're like why not we'd be
stupid not to write we already share so
much so now since we understand the game
and how flogging works we're going to be
that much more open with you guys that's
why we feel like even though we just
started these four or five months we
feel like 2017 is gonna be such a big
year because we have so much to share
with you guys yeah like a proposal like
we have a lot of like different things
coming up that I want to share it I
thought you were really like when we're
filming and then what people like I
didn't have another kid um but like we
have a lot of things that would be going
on awesome no this year oh not 2017 oh
we have a lot of things wedding we have
a like a lot a lot of stuff as I'm
saying like maybe that's not to go on 17
but a lot coming up if you guys continue
to be subscribe to our channel we have a
lot going on um so yeah we're really
excited for that and we want you guys to
be a part of everything like we wish we
can have you guys like a lot of you guys
live with us you know huh you guys
just be like here right here like
blogging with us like supporters is all
around us just together so yeah guys
hopefully you're not too upset with us
for not posting these last three days
but gave you the reason why and like you
said like we said
stay tuned for keep your fingers crossed
the exciting really signing is um so
we're waiting for that hopefully happens
mostly happen
we haven't if it doesn't I you're gonna
be upset and we're just you guys are
gonna know that it didn't happen cuz
you're not going to be a video exciting
me like so it gonna be really sad but
we're still posting this video we gotta
stay positive gonna happen guys that's
why we're it's pretty much telling you
because it's gonna happen we're just
ways say something when you say
something out loud the universe is
listening to you and usually if you're a
good person and you really believe in
something then you will get it so
hopefully it's a good way to put it bit
okay whatever you deserve a kiss so yeah
guys stay tuned for that next video um
stay tuned for 2017 I wish you all a
Happy New Year and like we always say
we'll be back with more we're back with
more videos share like comment subscribe
show love poke poke
yeah that Facebook yeah poke all that
good stuff guys you know like I said I
wish you actually to be closer to us
like just come over we're gonna you know
what miles just tell more address right
now everybody come over anyways guys
well we can't tomorrow
that's a hint what anyway alright guys
we'll be back with more videos love you
guys we are out of here
