hey Stanley what's going on guys so I
promise you guys that we would be back
with another pizza prank and today is
the day today is the day folks but
instead of me pranking the pizza man
it's going to be Kathryn she's going to
do her best to bake the pizza man and
come inside and eat a slice of pizza
with it I'm gonna do my best to get him
inside but and while that's going down
I'm gonna be upstairs and while they're
eating a slice apiece or whatever
they're doing I'm gonna come down and
interrupt the whole thing I'm gonna put
a tank top on show my tats off you come
down and act crazy y'all ready to get it
poppin let's see how let's do it
all right guys she's wearing a pizza
right now
I wonder who the victim will be today hi
this is for a delivery please can I have
a large pepperoni pizza
can we have pants please yes please take
cash I not even Google yeah yeah we what
they get is hey so we bought so we're
gonna pretend that we're looking for
cash yeah so yeah so that's that's what
you think is get him to come inside
we've been doing the card right so
you're gonna get him to come inside he's
gonna try his best to be like no no I
can't come inside against policy no
you're gonna be like please come inside
it's too cold out is too cold out shut
the door like I was gonna take me time
to find this like just please come aside
for two seconds please please please
like I've done I'm just figuring that
you're gonna freakin video from inside
you do huh
oh yeah this is about to get real and
hurry so make sure y'all keep watching
alright guys so these are my options
option number one Oh option number two
goddamn Oh No and the only reason why
I'm okay to wear this is because I'm
home number one and number two because
since I'm breastfeeding and I can't wear
a bra with this I can only wear this for
like 10 minutes of the most recent Shh
you fine as hell this one or oh you got
someone else with her grandma right now
they're gonna be upstairs while the
prank goes down I think you know where
the brown one is not brown dan it's like
a tan beige yeah that's fire all right
you ready to put it on right now they
said an hour okay we can wait all right
all right guys it's almost go time he
should be here in about ten minutes but
to set the cameras up Katherine's
upstairs putting all her little sexy
dress about to get a poppy
uh as a look camera look good let's go
do a oh y'all come here any minute
making sure it still got the right thing
it's perfect
hi are you still having trouble finding
thank you goes through the gate inside
there's like the main game so did you
look up because
I'd like the floor upstairs like when
you go to first floor you have to go up
the stairs
okay yeah I'm in the corner one I'm in
the corner the corner unit
sorry I would come outside but I'm
really busy so I would like
Oh
Oh
yeah
Oh
Hey
I'm sorry nothing it's okay
you
Oh
I'm Indian
I'm sorry I don't think you can
uncomfortable
are you busy sorry I'm just like I'm so
stressed out and
I don't tell you
everyone
yeah
all right you're 18 you have your whole
life
my mom yeah
I mean
bad we don't what I said what are you
doing
what's up she don't even small huh
bro what you're doing my friend
Oh what he same time yo things are gonna
be in 2015 where would you go ah see she
the one those telling me don't have any
money for it any money with all the one
in the world doesn't show us done baby
bro all you want to do he's my friend
how's a pizza man yo friend he's my
friend stop it so do you do this all the
time
no no he doesn't come to girls houses no
nice you think it's funny huh I'll get
Tony I think ever okay you guys I'm
trying to get some free pizza get some
fruit pizza yeah I got the money right
I got a Louie V wallet whatever tiny all
of these shoes it was telling she
getting a louisv wallet from for
Christmas
okay what shoes the one side of your now
I'm China's heavy I got the money aw
shucks got no shoes since that's what
she was telling me she said what she
saying she said that she doesn't have
anyone in show diamond bad days come sit
down it's a pizza
oh there you know what are we depicted
and not pay for it then although she
will pay for yeah he's your friend a
pizza Manuel friend
you will sit down in my house eating uh
slice of pizza brah
he's my friends can you leave them all
if that's your friend what's her last
name
you just know her first name so you're
not her friend good line
why are you lying in huh you follow my
Instagram yeah okay what's his name
this is ridiculous
so I'll take a nap and that's what you
do
and then over here mmm
no no you know um are you serious well
hey ever
no no understand my heart was beating so
fast because he was the sweetest pizza
man ever to me yeah
oh my god he came down a really sad on a
peaceful moon from the camera wait you
guys oh my god took this deep I took
that piece
did he take us he took that one he
touched the pizza and didn't take a bite
yes are you gonna hate me for this one
you're going to kill me for this one
oh my god did you guys just yo I was
trying my best not to break down and die
laughing because that was comedy yo you
see how far she got with us
oh he was sweet bro time to a prank on
somebody son when he's so sweet I'm
posting the main one who Bay him inside
I yo we literally picked the perfect
pizza man this boy was 18 years old
my heart just got out of kindergarten he
was like I was like oh how older he is
like all made teens like oh you're so
young you have your whole life ahead of
me he was like you too
he was like he was being sweet cuz he
see how fine you are that's why he was
being sweet shit no I'm playing on about
y'all
hey just know we got his head he's
victim number two
my heart here I know women are on
emotional stuff but end of the day we
got his ass Pizza Man out there if y'all
were watching make sure you not come
into someone's house cuz they can get
your ass alright y'all if you like this
video give your super thumbs up should I
get this video 100,000 likes let's go oh
yeah
comment share subscribe all that good
stuff
like we always say you know we're gonna
be back for another pizza video but you
also know we're gonna be back with other
videos as well
love y'all you Sami thanks for watching
catch y'all later
hey man I'm sorry about that man I think
my girl would do that to me
I'm very sorry to go off on you like
that I know it's probably your first
week getting the job and everything
you're done casting like a good dude I
apologize man I mean to do that to you I
just you know what happens when I when
you get in the moment you just heated
man so I would talk with her let her
know that's not that's not very uh
girlfriend issue I finish to do to bring
someone in the house especially when
they got a husband so I apologize man
keep delivering on pizzas just be
careful when you go into somebody's
house you don't unbend to you man all
right all right I love you hey guys that
she made me do that because she feels so
bad I kind of felt bad in the day though
I hope he learned his lesson because you
never know Chris Craig's people did I
really do something crazy and it won't
be a prank so you're a pizza man or
someone else who delivers whatever you
deliver be careful when you go to
somebody's house because you never know
what can happen are you we offer real
