someone told me never saw
please don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find a fit I need to believe
in a fungus by simple if you want it bad
dr. sky-high test your limit
when I stopped in France
there I can see I'm sorry hey welcome
back to our channel guys we want to
start this video by saying that this
video has been pre-recorded before we
actually uploaded our pregnancy
announcement for obvious reasons as you
all read by the title we will be
surprising some family members with our
pregnancy so with that being said I want
to express how impressed I am with this
beautiful woman for her surprising me in
the way that she did I am still shook I
couldn't imagine how hard it was for her
to keep everything to herself and for
her to surprise me so mad love and
respect to my beautiful Queen well yeah
guys uh uh we're pregnant
obviously this videos will be posted
after the pregnancy announcement so you
will be seeing my reaction for the
announcement I will say I was crying a
lot but I think the reason why I was so
emotional was because I actually tried
to filming that video three times so
that was the third time that I had tried
to filming that video and the first two
times I was like it was like super chill
and like I was just like okay like this
is gonna happen and then it didn't end
up happening and I was so disappointed
both times that the third time I was
like okay this is the time this is the
moment and I know that it isn't
expensive and so that's why I was extra
emotional so you guys will see me being
extra emotional but that's just how I
was feeling and what's crazy is that I
ended up being pregnant on the air so
like weird because I never thought that
would happen but yeah that was my real
reaction my real moment off-camera
obviously I was like acting a little bit
different but I was experimenting and so
happy and then obviously you will see on
camera that I did show Austin
when we found out guys I'm still
speechless like the way she surprised me
I thought it was my wedding band we've
been looking at what are you just weird
because the box is looks so long it's
like this big yeah but you never know
how a jewelry box is gonna come yeah
sure I knew for sure that you wouldn't
know that you went like because this is
a thing like I was so composed and I
like even when I called him upstairs I
was like super composed and like took a
deep breath and I was just like okay
like I don't want him to have any kind
of like idea that this is gonna happen
right now I'm so glad that I put the
extra camera because you wouldn't we
wouldn't have gotten your reaction at
all if I didn't put it up there which by
the way I was always for that camera for
like so long and I was like oh my god if
I don't get this camera it words doesn't
work or something like it's gonna ruin
the whole thing and that means I'm gonna
have to wait longer to announce my
pregnancy to him and I couldn't wait any
longer it had been like 30 minutes knows
oh my god I just want to scream at a bad
minute
so a big part of me didn't want to
upload the video because I feel like
first it's like a really really
sensitive moment a very very personal
moment but at the same time it didn't
want people to see that because I feel
like a lot of people can relate to my
situation and the reason why I wanted to
upload this so early on and like take
you with me is because we are daily
vloggers we try to upload every single
day and so I didn't want to ruin the
integrity of the channel so I didn't
want to keep that from you guys because
I felt like if I told Austin off camera
and like you know we were super excited
and then we waited a couple weeks or a
couple months to tell you guys it
wouldn't be the same and we wouldn't be
able to really like live in the moment
yourselves we've got to be ourselves
yeah because you guys for sure would
have found out just by watching us
that's an act different or you can see
her I don't know like women know these
things morning sickness yeah systems
like everything just would have been out
there and I feel like it wouldn't have
been fair to you guys we've been
watching us for so long right so again
and we didn't want to ruin the integrity
of what we've built in our channel so we
wanted to let you guys know like after
obviously when I showed him the footage
and stuff he was like yeah we have to
upload this because I want to tell the
world that we're pregnant
yeah not to mention that this experience
is very special to us more special than
probably anyone can imagine because we
share so much with you guys and this is
something that we've never been able to
do before so this will obviously be a
first-time experience for all of us we
weren't on YouTube when we had L so we
didn't get to experience our first
pregnancy with you guys and now that
we're able to do it this time means so
much to us I hope you all are along for
the journey this is gonna be special so
ever since we found out that we were
pregnant it's been so hard to keep it
from our friends and family but today
will be surprising my dad personally and
I thought the way that Katherine
surprised me was so genius that I
figured why not do it to my dad this is
so do you I thought for sure with my
wedding ring we don't get it do you
first think when you first opened I
thought I was a joke you saw my face
when you saw my face and that's
I knew it was real but like as soon as I
saw it like my heart stopped and I was
like for real why were you looking at
you really because I wasn't like sync it
all in like you know when you have to
like process something that was
happening like like it first starts from
my toes didn't whoops my body noise my
brain it's like for real so we will be
surprising my dad's the same way that
counsin surprised me so the thing about
my father-in-law is that he's been
reminding us that we should probably try
to have another one soon just because of
the age difference so like I don't know
how it is with you guys in your siblings
but for like me my brother were two
years apart and we were really close
Austin and his brother were four years
apart four and a half years apart almost
five years apart so they weren't as
close when they were younger I think
that he was like doing his own thing and
then Landon was doing his own thing and
now obviously they're super close but
like I just feel like I've always wanted
my kids to be close in age so now Ellen
her sibling are gonna be two years and a
half which is perfect perfect rod and I
feel like if we had gotten pregnant
later I would have been fine
I just want L to grow up with a sibling
and I feel like her age is perfect
because she'll even be able to help us
on the when the baby comes
yeah so I don't know I'm just so happy
like I don't care if you guys aren't
happy for me like whatever like there's
people saying people like the a family
is so corny either too much their love
is just fake there's no way that they're
really happy well guess what we are not
playing so today is an exciting day
because we need to tell everyone about
our pregnancy I already told my mom I
died just because they're overseas and
like they're not physically here
and I couldn't keep my mouth shut I was
like and they were so excited so
obviously they know we couldn't keep him
for my mom because she's so nosey
I love you mom she just came over I
called Landon already he knows he told
Ryan obviously cuz he was in the house
yes and the only person left to tell is
my father
along with my stepmom hopefully she's
with him if not tell her later oh yeah
we bought to get his reaction on camera
and guys to be honest with you when we
were pregnant with ales it took me like
he was a lot it's a good life for months
so much who obviously back then was much
different than now it's a lot easier now
obviously but um yeah the first time I
was so damn scared but yeah if you don't
know my dad he kind of crazy though I
like me like well you probably really
saw it now because the video was posted
before this one but there's a scene
where Austin's crying and OH wipes his
tear off his nose and we had to leave it
in there cause he was gonna take it off
cuz he was so embarrassed it was like no
no no no leave it in there because I was
the cutest thing ever
I would be honest I can get emotional
when it comes stuff like this like the
proposal obviously the pregnancy we're
so lucky to have all that footage we get
to watch it
but guys rule man cry okay so sorry
we're talking so much we're just so
excited so we're gonna drive to my dad's
house he lives about an hour and a half
away from us we didn't want to tell him
to come over here because it would be
you would know so what right so we're
gonna go surprise him he thinks we're
going to go see our accountant but
really we're going to surprise him at
his house we usually call him like last
minute when we're gonna go see our
accountant
and just kind of like stop by so it's
something you used to say anything about
and we're obviously gonna take you guys
with us so um shall we oh oh I
almost dropped you guys oh oh by the way
we just made some my dad's house all
right guy said before we got here we
stopped by the store to get him this bag
for his gift so now we're about to go
inside and
so we have a little gift for you come on
the whole thing she's good yeah I can't
like I feel like I'm smiling wait a
minute first off who do you guys do so
many pranks on I'm gonna take it like so
many years off my life please is this
another prank no no no we're really
having another one
put that on somehow but not you oh great
come on my path
I don't know what to say is this because
it's crazy
this is real it's really really really
really really really I feel I'm still
shook I'm still shook well
congratulations so now there's well you
guys were talking about it for like her
last year
and also to Maya also I have had some
conversations in I know it's been you
guys been trying it I also know he's
been kind of a little bit down but he's
like dead no no it's what's going on
right and I'm like cuz you know what
they'll it was unexpected
and that's using what happens when
you're not not trying don't expect this
even know what you might want a child
and you try it doesn't it don't happen
and I'm like isn't it better than a
cartier jewelry because I don't want the
letters to change this is better than
the Lambo so yeah we're posting this
video after our pregnancy reveal I was
going to say so I'm like one of the
first ones to know you're the first
you're the only person or in the family
that we told in person yeah actually
other than your mom your mom knew hey
hey this is like so crazy crazy so we
gonna find out what it is are you guys
going to find out what it
of course we hear you can find it out
soon is about ten weeks since we from a
blood test weeks yeah so one more months
why not I'm not sure how many week she
is we're gonna find that out next yeah
which would be exciting yeah it's I'm
definitely over a month so what you guys
are you guys better doctors yeah um not
yet we're planning on it yes alright
guys so we're happy that I went as
planned
I think a little bit nervous yeah he's a
little bit nervous and excited kind of
like my reaction he almost thought it
was a prank they'll be so messed up a
little bit of a weight lifted off her
shoulders because he was the last person
we had a towel and our family told him
thank you all for tuning in as always
before we close out today's video we do
have to give our post notifications
shout out to who better hold all of
today's post notification shout out goes
to my beautiful Queen Katherine me
because she's about to go through a
whole new pregnancy and I couldn't
imagine myself being pregnant I have to
give you women all the credit in the
world because all the things you guys go
through is unbelievable whoever else
like a post notification shoutout all
you got to do is subscribe to the ACE
family hit that subscribe button turn on
our post notifications hit that Bell
button and once you do those two things
are you gonna do is comment done and
obviously if you liked today's video
you've got to give a thumbs up give it a
thumbs up for us being pregnant so like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful Queen always safe we'll
be back with more videos these
