wait hey guys I just we just saw you
welcome back to our Channel
you saw our last vlog you would know
what we got for Christmas hope you guys
all had a Merry Christmas since we just
got done open up all our gifts as you
can see very blessed to be able to have
all these gifts now we're on the way to
my dad's house to open more gifts and
we're going to take you guys with us I'm
also going to prank my brother so make
sure you stay tuned for that and see how
appreciative he is
I'm probably gonna just give them yeah
some iPhone headphones see how you react
some but uh yeah keep watching and I'm
gonna take you guys with us enjoy
Christmas Day / yeah damn we have a lot
of cleaning up to do but you know we
don't worry about that until after
Christmas princess whose phone is that
that's the speaker Bay best I always
tell you no speaker he uploads your new
toy show everybody what you got for
Christmas the bad not the phone here
okay here here here here here here here
geez geez geez that's your iPhone not
mine not mommy that's yours who you get
a call our guys we have just arrived at
my dad's house for those who don't know
I have two stepbrothers and then land in
my blood brother and so all the gifts
right here the youngest sweetest kid
such a good boy
and so I'm going to see how appreciative
he is if I only give him which one
should i do one of these Christmas
either a clear phone case or iPhone
headphones which was like Google have
you I should get more kids it's bubble
no knows too much we want to see if he
really appreciates it let's give your
kids this boo boo didn't I
hi this is boo boo if someone gave me
this no I'll be like boy I really buy it
so what to pull this prank on my little
brother no let's just put this in a bag
and see how it reacts you guys ready
let's see
Merry Christmas
damn look at all them gifts hey wait Wow
is that princess's gift oh my gosh bro
wow that is tight wow we're just talking
about that buddy
god damn princess she read open up gifts
at grandpa's houses over those kids that
is tight you can steer it that's those
oh sure if y'all can see me and uh
cleaning over here ah match and you
family everybody please come sit down
right here
oh and you guys will open up Katherine
and eyes get them first
all right all right so this is pops gift
yeah open it yet wait everybody gets it
mama-mama ease gift
don't open it ok done now you're gonna
come sit down
well this is a Darrin's gift gulping it
and open it this is a Landon's
gift you go sir open it and this is
Donald's gift all right go ahead and see
what you guys got run look inside and
look inside the BT so we look inside the
beanies yeah all right
oh then arrivee paper huh oh yeah no no
no yes I thought it was this like I said
oh my gosh this is that ah
we see yeah I'm using them hey Turner
together hello would you would you get
man that's how much you got so what'd
you guys come though man tell what you
got I got a hundo
I cut a beanie and I got a wa8 tell what
you got how much you got
oh you know I was WWJD read Feeny
for sure for sure good you got pops got
a nice Nike sweat how fill cake got the
pants got the little hoodie sweat
sweatshirt got my King bean okay and I
got me some hey watch this war wireless
ooh yeah y'all need those so you don't
have the coursing on the cord where you
lift yeah yeah yeah what'd you get pops
hey would you get there it Lucy oh I
love you so much you know that because I
just got you a case he was appreciative
all on I love you brother
H oh dear oh dear oh see oh see that
makes me want to cry off see I told you
my little brother he's just a good kid
this is his real gift oh oh that's
hilarious he everybody's getting money
everything else and he's got a location
he was happy as hell this is real gift
Oh yo
come on bicycle we everybody got
different ones that you imagine Eric
you're sure right now hey okay okay I
need some clothes okay more clothes okay
low bomber okay okay okay okay
that's for the UH the camera I tell
doesn't give you yeah that's a missile
oh all right guys so Austin's that and I
decided to prank him but like really
last minute so what we're doing is we're
gonna put this snake into one of his
presence and when you guys don't not
understand Austin is deathly afraid of
snakes he's so scared of snakes when he
was like seven or eight years old we had
a snake similar to this and we had left
or went out of town for like two or
three days and you're supposed to keep
water in there and food and what
happened was there was water but there
was not enough food obviously when we
got back he put his hand in there to
feed the snake and the snake latched
onto him and bit him and he screamed
like threw the snake across the room and
then we thought we might up take him to
the hospital it was like literally it
was a snake just like this no it was a
snake just like this but it like they
bite and I guess it was extra hungry
because they bit off to his head and
wouldn't let go and ever since then he
like freaks out he won't even get close
to a snake so now okay so we relive old
memories so where are we gonna put him
we're gonna put it in this box right
here okay so we're gonna do is we're
gonna stick it in here we're gonna make
sure he's down at the bottom so when he
is going through the papers he would
even come here Chloe okay now you guys
see he's down in there alright so this
is payback guys just pay
back this is payback because he told me
I when I told him I was good I was
writing it Austin
oh I'm gonna get you back and he's like
pops you can never get me he's like I'm
the master of pranks I'm like yeah okay
all right we don't ya know see so the
last thing he would expect is to be
pranked on Christmas but guess what guys
we got he has no idea no I'm not even
not a single no I am everyone's inside
right now unwrapping gifts and we're
gonna hand this one to him and we got
okay
well come here my love oh oh whoa take
it the stockings stockings which one of
Catherine's C the C okay well this year
thank you
what's in there can't even see the with
the sock you just gotta open like what
is this okay it's a Kaiser part hockey
game honey this wearing her first
Christmas onesies business much my
education another bag
oh this wait for campers ago so you
looked at her phone so I'm knowing like
I would wear this
no one's except that man for work this
owner like 60 year old lady glasses of
the other I wouldn't carry it no for
like your supply to explain hey also
ready yeah hey baby
so my dad that he would being a G by
going into his wife's phone
I don't be worried and she she had a
picture of this purse for another late
in her phone lashes yeah she had a
picture of two last text I'm one she's
the method right so she owns a nail
salon I she had a picture for a lady
that she works for Ryan purse and my dad
thought he was gonna Jean so he went
inside her phone to see what she was
like interested in which was she likes
and he got her something that she didn't
even want or somebody else hmm softly
yeah too costly for me to give to her
but all the girls would have like
pitched in maybe so well it's how you
doctor you thought you
oh hey officer there's one more over
here oh oh I got you oh maybe just last
one open oh yeah one more okay okay here
you eat this I can't get your baby open
for lesson now you open it that's your
gift oh yeah one more in the glass come
on one more
I'll help you guys with your work hey
nothing in here it's just an empty box
now you got it go to the bottom dump it
out dump it out oh is that real it's not
rude that's not real it's moving oh oh
my god Oh gotcha
Java pay did you have a flashback for
when he was like seven eight years old
that's not real it's a pretty girl
would you buy that from Ted store you
get to take them home again no clue
talking Christmas
put that away oh look a better hold on
tight Merry Christmas all that I love
and tight you gonna attack if he's
hungry
remember when I pitch you the last time
and you couldn't get off your finger
across the room all right oh yeah I do
is feed it mice they won't bite you let
me see they came is it okay yeah stop
stop bro stop okay all right guys my
pops try to give me back
with a damn snake Nega my worst
nightmare yeah where'd you easy when'd
you get that how long has that been
sitting in there a couple hours how long
has that been sitting in there minutes
whew y'all knew y'all knew when you went
to the best hey you know that's not even
funny actually you're not be scared look
he go measure on a really bikes let me
see I just want it oh hell Oh watch I'll
watch over I you won't eat it for $10
worth $10 that wall no I'll give you
$100 oh what a dog eat the sneak behind
all right
what how much 200 I'll give you argument
I give you a rack
I'll get your rag bra - eat it - eat it
so you notice car let's go boy down yeah
there you go
people eat snake does this they usually
guerrilla pops is crazy
all you know what to say what the heck
Audio watch keep logging ah shit in this
yeah what'd I do
oh oh
I'm so sorry I spilled the coffee
let me see mama what I do
Oh on your shoes Oh
the rug is cool not the shoes mm guys si
si he should have frigging prank me Oh
got coffee all over the carpet
alright guys well I think we should end
this vlog I was not expecting this and I
was just going to get my brother for a
prank but I guess he got me back go get
a rope
bro the snake is mad this niggas mad
girl shit on him the snake - shit Chris
Nick listen take this thing for second
tier shit everyone oh this nature what
happened well this make me bow issue
brush it on your hand know it dinar brah
shit on me people like this oh my god he
said what it's not fun oh yeah yeah
something let's put up us
that's giving back to the community
oh my god why before I gotta close the
vlog yo that was crazy rough I might
have been the craziest Christmas gift of
all time alright guys we're gonna go
ahead and help the snake out because I
was just that was torture guys and we
don't ever want to treat any animals
like that or any insects or any reptiles
or anywhere else they're called that's
it I'll go down yeah guys we don't want
to see any rodents or anything like that
so we're gonna go and we're gonna take
care of him we're gonna clean up his
poop we're gonna give a bath and we're
gonna where'd you pick what you get home
and rest or we're gonna probably going
back to the pet store cuz I'm we don't
know to do with them alright guys we
love you so much hope you guys have a
Merry Christmas and like share comment
subscribe are you subscribed fly you
subscribed you guys just go subscribe
like we always say we're gonna be back
with more videos right baby right right
baby we love you guys peace out
