whatever when I think about you I get in
my village oh my bad ace family I'll be
jammin what's going on guys so today I'm
at one man team princess and Queen are
at the house because I have to go
Christmas shopping for Catherine I kind
of already know what i'ma get her but
you guys can help me out if you have any
good Christmas gift ideas make sure you
drop them in the comments that will
definitely help me out so I'm on my way
to my first location so I'm gonna take
you guys with me let's do it all right
guys I'm out the mall right now but
that's the only thing I can tell you
don't want to give it away
alright guys I'm about to buy some photo
gift packages for some Santa pictures
for ale because after I'm done shopping
I'm gonna go back to the house pick them
up and we're about to take some
Christmas pictures with Santa it's so
exciting
my fridge is growing up
I don't think I understand I got love
Christmas shopping for people especially
my queen I just want everybody to have
the best gifts alright guys so Ella and
I just finished getting ready for our
pictures today Austin is out shopping
for us so we're just waiting for him to
get back and ellas wearing your little
Christmas outfit it's not zap her little
socks and her shoes on and I kind of
tried to keep her hair looking nice
today because it's usually so curly and
crazy huh
wait wait wait before I leave I have to
introduce you to my supporters okay okay
at the toss one this is my favorite sees
candy lady ever every time every time me
and my queen of our princess is going to
seize candy we always see her and she's
the nicest person ever
okay five wait I just realized I just
told of myself and my family that were
always in seize candy
I was just joking guys were never in
See's candy alright guys now I'm off to
destination and Dolph said he just
bought a bomb and he go down keep around
and he doesn't know all right guys I'm
in traffic right now so I will talk to
you for a little bit but before I start
I just want you guys to know that I am
wearing a seatbelt I just doing a little
different not tucking these my arm
because I feel like it restricts me from
making a hot last move or something I
mean so I just wanna let you guys know
that so people in the comments are like
why is he wearing his seatbelt dangerous
he's blogging and he's not wearing a
seatbelt
glad I seatbelt on okay so that's for
you guys but um I want to talk to you a
little bit about how Katherine and I
first met I know Katherine and I touched
on it when we did our very first vlog
which was the Q&A but we didn't really
go into much into depth so I'm gonna
break it down for you guys a little bit
so where should I start
she tells the story low differently than
I do which everyone does everybody has
two sides of story so I'm gonna go ahead
explain it my way and she'll probably
explain every way later on so we
originally met at like a little dinner
party
I was with one of my friends she was
with one of her friends friend that she
was with I was already friends with her
so she introduced me to Katherine as
soon as I laid eyes on her I was like
wow I was like I need that just like
that like I need that as soon as we met
like she didn't really even do nothing
she'd even like give me a second look or
nothing she was like oh hi nice to meet
you it like that was it
and I was like damn like she don't feel
some type of way because I know I do
this is the most beautiful woman I've
ever seen in my life
like hands down as a night went on I was
like trying my best like think of ways
of like trying to get her number without
being a weirdo because I hate those guys
who as soon as you meet them they're
like thirsty or something like yo can I
get your number like I don't like that
right but then again I was like I may
never see this girl ever again so this
isn't this might be my only chance so I
was thinking to myself way but I did
remember that we both follow each other
on Twitter so I was like there may be
another way right and everybody knows
about this way everybody slides into
everybody's diems
this generation right so I was like
that's an option I can slider deals even
though that's kind of kind of weird too
that's like I said as the night went on
I was just chilling next you know I look
around and she's gone I'm like oh no
this is all bad this is all bad I was
supposed to say whoa whoa
well sorry guys guys so I wait I was
supposed to say something to this
beautiful woman before she left you know
I mean just in case we never see each
other again I can at least leave good
impression when her right
sounds like damn she left my
opportunities done damn it so now leave
a week goes by I see her tweeting on
Twitter and I'm like yo should I do it
Austin don't do it don't don't be those
guys who slidin girls deems like every
guy does it but then again I was like yo
this is my only option and I'm gonna do
whatever it takes to get this girl like
literally I'll do whatever it takes if
she thinks I'm a weirdo or a creeper for
Schreiner diems and so being like if
that's the only option and i'ma do it
right so I did I'm not gonna tell you
guys what I said I actually don't even
remember what I said but I did end up
asking her out to dinner all I remember
oh yes and by the way I did get her
number so we were texting when I did ask
her out to dinner it wasn't just like on
Twitter in her dams would you like
though dinner the last weird that's
weird we were texting hoop and I did ask
her out to dinner not gonna lie to you
she was kind of hesitant
so then I was like damn like she has to
have a dude like what's going on
something wrong them throwing me like
fresh I was like damn like this girl's
the hardest ever to even talk to some
like you know what is even worth it
that's myself hell yes worth it ass
throughout the dinner she finally gave
in she made it seem like she had a lot
going on even though she was just at the
house probably watching TV eating
Doritos or some like that
so I asked her out to dinner she finally
gave in I text her and told her you know
what hey I'm about to pick you up at
7:00 something nice and be ready for
dinner right maybe we go see a movie
after just hang out just want to be
around you type stuff so she was okay
cool I'll be ready so I pull up it comes
out looking fine as can't be I wasn't
lost the woman she walked up to me out
start stuttering I swear her I didn't
know what to say
damn that woman's beautiful so I don't
tell her what we're going to dinner I'm
full of surprises we pull up do you know
where we pull up we pull up at Nobu but
also don't know where Nobu is oh boo is
a place in Malibu a sushi restaurant
very nice on the beach
fancy delicious right but little does
she know I don't eat sushi even though
they have a little bit of like some
chicken you can order yourself like that
can I eat chicken but I'll eat sushi and
I don't even know if she's sushi I just
assumed because half the population eats
sushi right especially girls machine
beautiful girls I assume gee eat sushi
he's beautiful so she deserves a
beautiful restaurant let me get there
when we get there we're both look at the
menu for like an hour because you know
all they have is sushi and I don't eat
sushi and I'm starting to think that she
doesn't eat sushi
she orders I guess a little bit of sushi
i order my chicken to no.1 in one
another she starts talking to me in
different languages starts telling me
she speaks three different languages I'm
like oh my god
I know you were beautiful but god damn
you speak three different languages on
my kids will be able to speak different
languages that's what I'm thinking I'm
sitting I'm like yo this is Craig this
woman is beautiful smart she has
everything this is crazy like the fact
that I got to sit there and have a
conversation with her and get to know
her blew my mind and made her that much
more beautiful I'm telling you like
after we had our conversation at Nobu in
my head I'm like can you be my
girlfriend right now
no seriously though what's that to me
dinner went extremely well
after dinner we attempted to go to the
movie theater but for some reason the
movies was closed what kind of movie
theaters closed at 11 o'clock but we
honest to be honest we just sat in the
car chopped it up some more for me
anything as long as I was around her was
beautiful
I didn't care if we sat on the curb and
looked at stars it was gonna be
beautiful because I was next to her
I'm sorry if the story's long it's the
truth so after that I take her back to
the house give her a hug
you know I'm thinking in her head that
she had an amazing time obviously my
head I had an amazing time so after
dinner we both go our separate ways
guys I'm telling you I was sick to my
stomach I didn't talk to this girl for a
week after we went out every day I was
looking at my phone hoping I got a text
on her I don't care how corny or how
obsessed I sound it's the truth this
girl made me feel that type of way
that's how you know it's true love
someone makes you feel that type of way
to where you're sick in your stomach or
to where you've never felt this way in
your life that's how you know oh like I
said we didn't talk for a week and every
day I woke up wanting to text like I
said I couldn't be that guy I'm stubborn
as hell people I never want to be the
first person to text somebody never but
I knew I had to change for her because I
knew she was like that a week live I
didn't hear from her and talked to her
so you know what I gave him in again in
that texture too sure what I said but I
you know I just wanted to be around her
just wanna hang out with her
and I think we went to lunch and like
Jamba Juice and stuff like that let's go
walk around the mall
some simple but still amazing because
I'm with
I'm talking about after this day we hung
out every day we hung out every damn day
I felt like the van I knew in my head
like y'all
she felt like me right after like the
fourth or fifth day she even invited me
out she even invited me hiking and it
was the first time I ever went hiking
and I was like damn she's she's taking
me places I never been before this this
woman can't be bro hot
this is the longest dream I've ever had
in my life juggling hiking I ended up
taking her to my house and she actually
met my dad when you meet someone's
parents
something's going on it's moving forward
things are good and after that well you
know yet now but yeah guys like that's
only way I'm trippin I'm missing one of
the best parts of the whole story we
hung out a week straight I'm talking
about seven days straight every time I
drop this go off at night she never
invited me inside I was like yo
got a boyfriend
is he in the house waiting for you to
come inside that's what I'm thinking the
whole time like yo why although once I
gotta make hottest move oh man I'm
thinking like yo she has to have a
boyfriend because after everything we've
been through seven after seven days of
hanging out every day and I can't even
come inside to have some crackers so
yeah every day after I dropped her off
at her house I was always late at night
too you know late at nights done
romantic so I'm thinking you know I can
come inside but no I drop her off I give
her a hug and that was it so I'm like
damn this girls don't make me work right
but I'm thinking like how long cuz you
know I can't be late even though like I
said I was gonna do anything I was gonna
do whatever it took to be with this girl
so yeah so finally people after like ten
days of going out she finally lets me
inside her house finally
finally hi god damn I'm gonna make some
hard on me just let me just chill honey
I'm not trying to you know do anything
but chill I just want to just be around
you just want to be around her and so
when I fell I was inside the home then I
was like okay okay I'm winning because
that's just a step closer to being
closer to her and I knew what type of
girl she was by the way she was treating
me I knew that this girl was a good girl
a smart girl
and most definitely a beautiful girl it
really is amazing how life works because
now look where we are
I'm shopping for for Christmas I'm a
beautiful baby girl with her well a
family we're gonna be getting married
soon just crazy how life works right
hope you guys enjoyed the store
hopefully wasn't too long hope I didn't
bore you guys but let's finish shopping
let's get back to shopping I am now in
Hollywood I'm on to my second
destination so let's get what a shame if
you will my you would not get the same
if you will my you a ton every day so
sad in the test today alright guys I'm
here at psych I can't tell y'all I'm a
CEO when I got the store though but I
just bought some y'all y'all want to see
it
y'all want to see it oh yeah shut out
Robert oh yeah
alright guys now I'm here at the Grove
and that's all I can tell you so I'll
see y'all in a few
i guys think the last place the last
store was a success my woman has an
amazing body but also a weird body
because she wears different sizes for
everything our tops are different sizes
on her bottoms and her thighs different
size of her butt and her feet it is
difficult but I think I got the job done
you know I think I just seen the biggest
Christmas tree of all time look
alright guys I think I should get myself
some credit finish all my Christmas
shopping in one day it was a success now
I'm on the way to the house to pick up
my girls because about to go take some
pictures with Santa our first Christmas
together as a family with ale so yeah it
should be fun exciting everybody move
out my way trying to get home to my
girls
since I'm in traffic right now I'm about
to turn up real quick would it come on
the chessani why do I remember shell I
mean not in life right I'll be home soon
princess okay do you love daddy
alright I'll see you guys a little bit
love you bye so Katherine and I are all
about saving money but um so I just got
home and I told the girls to be ready by
the time I get home but I'm gonna bet
they're not ready lots of walk in here
you want to bet they're not ready let's
go see what'd I tell you guys
they're not ready oh you are ready
almost we just took it back you just
took a bath you ready to go take
pictures with Santa let's go do it
all right guys we have finally made it
to the mall we're excited for bus take
pics with Santa
right anybody take pictures with Santa
because we say
who is that princess who is that Santa
is that Santa Claus princess you got me
Sienna
are you ready you got you got some
lipstick on your face how Noelle's
excited but I know I am all right
princess we're up
we're up let's do it
okay okay okay whoa
yeah that a smile or cry smile
oh look at my happy baby now you want to
smile huh
she was not smiling with Santa Claus you
gotta buy tickets for this thing babe
which one you guys gonna sit on the
horse what about the elephant let's go
yay princess yeah whoa I'm getting a
headache here we go guys
round two all right guys this soon is
just right in about to go home and put
up our Christmas tree I know we're kind
of late but we've been looking at the
Christmas tree
it's time I think it's time people
so this is how you help me huh you just
eat the stuff huh you just eat the tree
princess princess this is how you help
me now you want to grab the tree come on
girl stand up let's go come on you gotta
help Daddy
let's go you so silly
there's our tree our princess we're
going to ship you to North Pole okay
you're gonna bring us back some gifts
from Santa see you later okay I love you
bye baby
bye come here daddy will never do that
you're my princess I can't leave my
princess Merry Christmas
alright guys how does it look look nice
does it look nice for the most part we
are done we still gotta put some
ornaments and things on it for those of
you who have not put your Christmas tree
up we should definitely do that because
Christmas is around the corner it's like
it's pretty simple yeah and it was like
three dollars by the way so what is that
all you give a daddy kiss alright guys
so we just want to say that we really
appreciate you guys for tuning in and
watching our vlog on a journey hey be
nice
hey be nice what what I say so like I
was saying we really appreciate you guys
from being a part of our journey and
watching our vlogs and - as long as you
just like we happy comment share and
subscribe if your teachers always like
your teachers don't you do this yeah
it's just like the drug honey I was
having my arm hurts oh you hear that a
crap oh my god yeah I did alright guys
um share like I said get your grandmas
your granny's your mom your dad your
dog's your teachers get everybody to
subscribe to our channel because we want
everybody to be a part of the ACE family
I'm talking about everybody we want
everybody what do you want and for
everybody to be a part of the a-standing
okay you guys thank you guys so much for
tuning we love you and we'll be back up
with more what more videos more videos
