baby ready
maybe ready
Hey
here here's why crying
oh haha each other hiding behind the
clothes oh good try buddy what's going
on ace family how's everybody doing
today so what you guys just saw was
Catherine trying to pull a prank on me
that I pulled on her last video I'm not
sure if you guys saw the last prank I
pulled on her but it was the best prank
of all time and then today she tried to
pull the prank on me and that was
booboo baby why'd you try to pull prank
on me
I wasn't like actually trying to pull
the joke I knew you knew I was there
okay okay we have a lot to do today we
are going grocery shopping and we're
going Christmas tree shopping and
Elizabeth and we're now at one of our
favorite spots to eat
we are turkey xiangqi licious oh and
princess is sleepy
here
and can I get a bean cheese chicken and
write for real and can I also get one of
these fire drinks over here yeah so like
Kathryn was saying we got a bunch of run
around to do gotta go get a bunch of
groceries shop for Christmas tree we'll
have to take you on and show you what we
put in our fridge as of right now we got
about ketchup and some milk that's about
it
so yeah we'll probably go buy Costco go
buy Target Costco which is good for like
bulk stuff I go to the Costco to get
like a bunch of everything sometimes we
go to Costco and we don't even eat it on
the half it goes bad man so we go to
Target get the rest of everything and
then we'll probably go to Home Depot to
get the Christmas tree that should be
fun because I'm not sure how the
Christmas trees gonna fit in the car but
we're gonna figure it out if you guys
happen to miss that Kathryn ah we're
doing a giveaway if you would like to
enter the giveaway all you have to do is
go to our instagrams and follow the
steps that's all you got to do go to
either my Instagram or Catherine's crew
actually you should go to both Instagram
so you can have two chances to win and
follow the steps on there and you can
have a chance to win there's a iPhone
and Apple watch what else an iPad some
ray-bans and a couple other items but
it's pretty big giveaway like I said the
giveaway is for you guys like we can't
thank you guys enough for all the
support and love that you give us so I'm
very excited for this giveaway like I
wish everyone can win this giveaway I
honestly do not know how Kathleen are
gonna pick the winners babe how are we
gonna pick the winners with the giveaway
have some ideas you do I doesn't tell me
anything but I think the announcement
for the winners just so you guys know
I'm like an investing
so I will literally before I put the
winner I'm going to take a couple people
and literally investigate and see
they're following all of our accounts
that we said yeah I said you'll know
more once you go to both of our
instagrams you'll see the directions in
order to win you'll you'll know but yeah
I think we're gonna do some
investigation we got some time though we
got some time we got like a week to pick
them yes well yeah we're definitely
gonna see who the candidates are for
this giveaway oh my gosh do you know
about you two yeah you do yeah okay so
when you get home
when you get off work when you go go
when you get home yeah all you gotta do
is go to youtube and type in the ace
family dies
yeah the ace ace ee family and we're
gonna pop up I don't really okay you're
gonna be you can join our family you'll
be a part of our families that's cool
cool yeah I'll give you something how do
how to watch so you just they what they
- oh they go to Miami I don't know what
they saying but is she gonna tell me
later
gave the chicken burrito oh that's me
only things of beans challenge as bad
he's appreciate him on man you guys
that's there bro thank you hundred damn
mob burrito looks fie your boy what you
got baby
oh I'm the mine's amazing hell naw
princess still sleep good oh my girl
alright guys we just arrived at Costco
and I am about to get a cart 4l
Catherine and I have learned a trick
when it comes to this baby stuff so all
we do is get her carseat and we put it
in the cart and it works it does wonders
I'm telling you once we found that out
we were like I don't even need a
stroller I'm telling you guys right now
this does wonders you don't know about
this I suggest you get hip to it
Oh tell them really I'll totally found
out a secret this is secret bro
ain't nobody know about this guys I just
love the Christmastime this makes me
feel like a different person every day I
wake up happy to just my favorite
holiday just look at the lights how
beautiful that is
how beautiful that is so what do we need
we should just get like the waters
waters no milk no we got milk oh yeah we
do I thought ah sigh all we got is
ketchup milk and what pickle uh no she
does not need a doll I need to talk to
employee right now hear me babe we
should talk to a playwright now this is
wrong guys they got they have a
Caucasian baby and an african big war
where the mixed babies at this is crazy
Catherine and I are obsessed with these
and what we do peanut butter we dip them
in peanut butter cause it's so delicious
oh yeah I'm onna get my princess one at
ease
oh the mini bike that's nice
Oh what about this one pay for her I am
there and there Theodore's cousins
Theodore no no who's that
Alfred alright I gotta help me pick out
a rotisserie chicken how do I know which
one is delicious
they all look delicious tone oh it was
oh yeah oh yeah that's the one oh my god
if you don't know about these y'all
missing out on life
these right here will do your body good
princess you're like a lemonade stand
sweet and adorable this has got to be
one of my favorite sections juice on top
of jewel where are you going
and they got the daddy packs 40 pack
what's his name big bean Oh beans I love
you damn your fitted that's a nice
jacket Carter's Instagram you got an
Instagram
hey guys beans has an Instagram you know
what let me see let me see
beans in a wagon that's amazing you are
part of the ace family now beans when
you were not in a wagon he's a terror
he's a different dog this is an area
he's full of energy he wants to play all
day I wish I can take him home or he's a
good one he's now he's now in our vlog
we're wrought with vloggers and we look
cool we film were filming a vlog right
now he means you are now on our vlog
you're part of the Hayes family welcome
can't get some DAP all right give him
five Oh give me five Oh do it do it give
me five give me twenty sure he's on the
bubbles and he's chasing everything all
right beans you got wait I don't even
see he has his own wagon hmm hey Reagan
all you're doing is Christmas wagon
tomorrow night you're doing it my man
all right beans
oh boy beans got a business card that's
crazy
yo we gotta follow beans bro
all right guys are about to let you guys
in on our secret bread
the secret bread that we eat which
nobody knows only you guys is the artis
I know they say it but I've never even
read it before I smell the color of it
should we tell them the other one we get
this right I'm telling y'all right now I
hope you guys are watching because we
are letting you guys in on some
deliciousness Wow
so raisin cinnamon but you know what's
crazy bread and I ate that bread and
when I was pregnant throughout like my
whole pregnancy telling us a lot in the
house and Austin didn't even know about
and he brought it home one day like oh
this breads so good and I was like yeah
I've been eating that for months I know
and we damn and we toasted up to
remember you want these for Christmas
huh these your size too
Hey
what's up man which one there it is
right there my man that's the ace family
suspect oh my master scroll I appreciate
a man hey you are parting out the ace
family
alright guys we are not on target to
finish grocery shopping yes
where are the ramen noodles oh can we
get one of these oh yes I need one of
these
can't forget about top ramen Oh winny
holla we need two of these I swear
Catherine eat them all huh nothing what
I do eat the grapes let's get some
bananas in should we get the yellow boys
or the green boys yellow or the green
yellow
he's alright Oh mommy I like your hair
come on man best item can I show the
camera oh that's a nice haircut
guys I'll admit Ulsan did get me really
good in his last prank but I'm gonna get
him better babe
we should do this the next video hi face
challenge food for champions right here
it's so you cold huh I'm Canadian but
this is wait yeah cuz who the hell
leaves the house with their booty shorts
on I told you about them damn shorts dip
them little ass shorts and so sure them
is booty shorts oh no not see guys I
don't play that all there were no booty
shorts I actually be hiding throwing all
her little booty shorts away shirt of
mine away that I really love I was like
where's my shirt and he's like I don't
know and I was like he threw it away and
he was like no and I saw him throw it
away I love you I love you one kiss for
you one kiss for you - kisses for you -
kisses for you now I want the juiciest
kiss you ever gave me in your life
hey how did you see
hmm yawning this pipe is just a homie
naman besito number C Doren so Austin
just went to the Carter will get the
rest of the groceries
what the hell those fast keys
oh so you forgot the keys but he's
getting the rest of the groceries and
then we are going Christmas shopping
with a doll me nice Tampa Bay oh look at
this baby all this baby's little downs
that are down just all over face
see this is what we need right here one
of these that's the perfect size right
there huh which one
the one on the end of the one we're here
for 3701 look ugly I like this one this
one nice oh and it's only $54 we win it
I like your outfit though yo help should
we get
this one
that's cute lit yeah should get a little
130 bucks really fake I think all right
so we're having some trouble picking out
a tree right now we're not sure we
should get a real or fake one oh wait I
think we found one thing we found one oh
that's okay they're not coming back and
get it but we'll take it over the last
one that you guys have that's the last
one - always meant to be guys all right
guys I'm gonna show you which one we're
about to get we are about to get this
one oh that's so nice so the real
question is how we gonna fit this in a
car
yeah we gonna make it work hey there's a
will there's a way
can't happen
ha
yeah Lily he might be the only baby who
gets happy to go to sleep at night you
know that you're giving kisses today's
family
Kim kiss huh kiss mmm hi guys we are
finally home ah in bed super tired Queen
is getting ready for bed right now um so
I'm gonna go ahead and close out the
vlog myself me and Princess will close
off the vlog you want to tell them thank
you for watching tell them thank you for
watching
you tell them thank you for all the love
and support
you appreciate them a lot oh she's so
happy right now you talking to them
what if you had one thing you can say to
the ACE family what would you say huh
what would you say to them what would
you say that's a Tuesday all right guys
thank you guys so much for watching
thank you for watching every video that
we upload you guys are always tuned in
we appreciate it so much don't forget
like we mentioned before do not forget
about the giveaway because we don't want
no one to miss out on the opportunity
like I said in order to find out about
it or to have a chance to win just look
on Catherine eyes Instagram page and buy
anything else before we go to sleep yes
silly yes come here come here but like I
said thank you guys for tuning in
make sure you give this video a thumbs
up like comment share subscribe and what
we always say princess what we always
say you don't know okay we'll be back
with more
videos all right guys good night
