what's going on ain't family today is a
great day you know why because I get a
prank Kathryn it's been a while now
since I pranked her so she will not be
expecting anything and today's a perfect
day because her a nil or out Christmas
shopping for me and she thinks I'm out
Christmas shopping for her so she has no
idea what she has coming so some of you
guys may know I got this big-ass
teddy-bear for Catherine's birthday a
couple months back and ever since I got
it's been in the same spot I'm talking
about spending all our pictures and all
our videos so the plan is to go to
Costco and purchase another teddy bear
because I can't use this one so I got it
for a birthday so I go purchase another
one I'm replace it with this one and I'm
gonna cut the back of it open and get
the side of it right so we'll be inside
of it and when Catherine gets home she's
gonna think I'm gone but I'm really
gonna be inside the teddy bear and I'm
about to scare the living out of
her so make sure you stay tuned and keep
my car is not big enough so I my mom
come and help me out so we can pick up
Theodore number two y'all ready to see
Catherine's reaction
keep watching oh yeah not to mention
Katherine's been recently talking about
spirits in the house from her grandma
revisiting and stuff and I'm not sure if
y'all believe in spirits but we do so
she may think something's going on it's
like I said keep watching alright guys
my mom just pulled up
hopefully this big-ass teddy-bear fits
in here
all I know is if she gets mad at me I'm
blaming all you and here he is they are
number two all right God taking you home
do a prank on my queen you ready let's
get you got a push it down and pull
daddy
it was
we just live in a car do you guys want
Teddy yes but I would like a teddy
doesn't count
do you why Teddy yes what do you think
we're gonna do business already being or
- no there's bait Oh
Oh show you got to see what you're going
alright guys so now we're gonna try to
figure out how we gonna get this big-ass
bear in here how we gonna do it well I
don't let's see what how you do it oh it
stuck his arm
ah push it push it
hurry up for they call bare beauties
roll what don't worry about the shoes
get the bear and his feet getting dirty
there we go
I don't know how you gonna see my work
let's get carful bear what's really
going on guy Theodore I've every oh damn
it's kind of dangerous yeah what do you
say why you got to be so big
all this for a prank alright guys I'm
back home and I got the new teddy bear
in here
now I'm gonna replace the old one with
the new one and put the old one back in
my mom's car so she does not know and
then about to get to cutting but to cut
the back of it
get inside alright guys I just want to
thank my mama for helping me out do one
now she got some meetings to go to but
she will see the video when it's
uploaded yes
goddamn that's a lot of stuffing I'm not
gonna lie feel kind of bad but I'm I had
my grandma saw him up after this prank
all right guys Katherine just called me
and said she's done and she's on her way
home and I told her I got an hour left a
shopping but in reality I gotta hurry up
oh my gosh guys is such a perfect hiding
spot we've been having laundry over here
for past like three days and the camera
fits in here perfect oh my gosh guys I'm
so nervous
there's been like an all-day event you
can see it's getting dark so I got to
hurry up captain should almost be here
but I'm not too hurry up inside the bear
and test it out
alright guys how to look good look real
all right she should be home any minute
so let's get this camera fixed and we
ready to go alright guys she should be
here any second she just called me twice
alright so now I'm not to get in here
for good
take yourself apart
good
okay
boy okay yogi much
hmm
Oh
Oh
she leave
bitch you left
hey I did it I did it I did it I did it
I finally got her back eight almost
cracked my father boom I'm the king of
pranks I'm the king of pranks
and Scott the movie she's calling these
commies
hello I said what What's Wrong huh where
are you I had to run to the office real
quick what's wrong oh yeah I'm at the
office what what's wrong
you said what yeah what about it oh it
was moving I was announcing it moved yes
that's weird
well not to be back up hello else I have
no shoes on I walked out of the house
okay um it's called all right I'll be up
there in a little bit
oh okay okay um well come right now
heart hi ru I gotta make it seem like I
just came are y'all gonna make it seem
like I just came from the office
make it seem like I just keep it office
I'll be back
hey which is mean
bear what do you see the Bears not
moving
I swear to God
very movie area that it is moving
awesome look
a little different but looks different
it's not moving
what I started move down like how I acid
the freaking are moved and moved really
yes I swear like I'm not going crazy it
looks different looks the same to me
I'm moving
Oh No
okay I swing a freaking pad the freaking
bear moved it was the one going on aah
Oh baby don't cry
bad bad the Bears not moving I promise
you you want me to throw
I promise you the bear I'm looking at it
right now it's not moving
what are you doing bad are you going
what do you do would you do to my hair
you're stupid I got you back finally you
understand what I went through to get
you back this took all day guys why did
you do this in my beer huh last night
your bear
I bought a new bear because I want to
review rotten you bear yes finally admit
I got you giving me hope Francis I got
her yeah oh gosh oh my gosh
the stuff is still coming out oh my gosh
guys oh my if you think I got her good
leave a thumbs up in the comments guys
make sure you like share comment and
subscribe and like dude psyche inside
inside inside inside so you never went
out no my mom helped me with the whole
thing
see you're never on the mom inside check
inside
my dad even do this put your arms
through where'd you put all this
stuffing don't worry buddy put in a bag
yeah
where's my bear
don't worry about that mama your bears
in my mom's car how'd you fit in here
this is the day I get to sit down oh my
god why she figures that out there you
go you saw it
we snuck a freaking bear isn't moving
for real you're smaller than me works
better for me all right guys I guess
that makes you give this video super
tumbles I've tried again this video to a
hundred thousand likes are y'all it's
not that hard I can't believe all right
guys look back more videos hold the baby
oh hey finally got you bad that's why I
waited so long to get you what made you
think of that ho ho I've never seen
before
you know like above and beyond I didn't
even do that Oh y'all know I love you so
much over here no Oh y'all try to get
this video to a hundred thousand lights
not that hard 100,000 likes that's easy
makes you like comment share subscribe
like I always say we'll be back with
more videos hey let's get
