what's going on eggs family so today I'm
going to be filming the greatest prank
of all time and guess what's on my dad
it's not on Katherine this time it's all
my dad alright so today we're going to
act like we're going out shopping since
it is Black Friday we have an excuse to
leave the house and so we're going to
ask him if we can borrow his Range Rover
since we can fit more items in it than
our car it's bigger than our car fit
more items in it he's going to let us
use it all right so we're gonna we have
to obviously back it out the garage but
while we're backing it out we're going
to have some technical difficulties
right we're going to back it out into
his f-type behind me this is his baby
right here like he cherishes this more
than his kids I'm talking about he loves
this damn cart right so right now I have
to create the scratch on it to make it
seem legit so we're gonna back out the
Range Rover act like we'll hit it act
like we hit his f-type I'm gonna be
running the house like pops I'm so sorry
I hit your car I don't know what to do
he's gonna come out here and we're gonna
get his reaction alright guys so right
now I gotta finish creating the scratch
on the car to make it look legit
that's kit are you also all you really
need for this is Tate and some chalk and
I'm gonna be honest like this scratch
looks pretty legit
and when someone sees this their initial
reaction is like oh shit
and I know my dad he's gonna freak out
people aren't really thinking to come up
to the car and touch it so I'm not
really worried about the texture I'm
just worried about that initial them
initially seeing it all right and I
think I did a pretty good job which I'll
think looks pretty legit to me and he's
gonna initially see it from like this
angle so from right here that looks
pretty bad
shit all right awesome we'll be using
two cameras imma hide the first one over
here so he can't see it put in my secret
hiding spot
but he's buddy so mad he's gonna be so
mad perfect it's perfect all right guys
we're getting ready to leave the house
and we've been blogging all day so he's
not even suspect anything I'm not taking
any parts of this
I'm literally he's gonna be in the
background and I'm just gonna film
whatever you tell me to film but I'm not
gonna be in it all right
cuz I don't want him to see me and that
was part of this it's okay no okay I am
kind of scared of his reaction cuz no
I'm like terrified I mean he was kind of
crazy I'm gonna be there and happens I
got some hamachi about to go Black
Friday shopping black run be shopping
not too bad right but all finished
let's go Christmas shopping we borrow
the rain chair take this trash off for
me yeah as it keeps it keys right thank
you sir yep and make sure you drive safe
yeah no blog itself that damn camera
series really yeah that's what I can't
drive I'll be driving like this hey turn
up turn get the chocolate chip oh hey
how many brother
hi guys we have made it in the car
and now have to back out
where's the so I have to get the car as
close as possible to make it seem like I
actually hit it I'm singing the car hey
you might possibly jam alright what if I
actually hit it I'm actually really
scared oh look I think I believe you
hello why is it going off what it mean
that noise machine that noise means like
I'm close to the car I don't want to
actually that noise means that you're
close to something yeah it's something
is the car back there well you have a
nice frickin camera over here to see
everything ah why perfect this is what I
don't understand people that have the
luxury to have this in their car
sometimes they'll hit something I guess
I didn't notice that all we're looking
at this angle why guys
I'm freaking nervous right now and I
parked it as close as I possibly could
to make it look how does it look bags of
clothes here Sean Sean it's like yeah
it's really close all right I'm not
gonna get on the car let's get it I'm
not staying in here oh yeah
it's about to actually no I'm getting
out because I'm nervous he's gonna be
looking at the car like I see it
damn that looks real
he is bout to be pissed you know how mad
I would be
it worked out perfect too because the
range is white the scratch is white all
right guys I'm placing this camera
inside of a car
damn I won't stay all right perfect
right there
all right guys all right so what's a run
in a house and act like I ain't just hit
his car all right nice kick Oh
buff fucked up and what I'm pretty hit
your car why Zach it up look we did not
swear serious sorry
yeah dude are you doing sorry that I'm
telling you to watch what you're doing I
didn't see how out that man Jimmy it's
not that bad you took a lot of friggin
paint off the tile oh that's not even a
finger that's the hood the whole hoods
gonna have to be repainted now that's
not the figure oh how much is it what
does it matter how much it is how do you
gonna pay for it you're not gonna be
able to fix it shit
yeah Moss ha ha hey we can get it fixed
damn where's the keys to range then the
car we can get that big
so what do you do to the range so that's
jazz fucked up Alex you here I liked it
off - it should mean you wiped it off I
cleaned it here just wipe it off like
weird hate it it isn't a bad like Justin
why you should be something on the range
- alright yeah it worked I got him I
told you it was crazy this dude even he
even ripped his shirt off look this is a
real shirt - by the way you got to be
strong as hell to rip this shirt off and
yeah you owe me anything by the way
hey funny sir hey and if you guys would
like a tutorial on how to make a fake
car scratch guys are crazy
let us know let us know alright y'all
instead of pranking each other we
finally got to prank someone else I got
like a nice man it worked it worked so
well it was success look how easy it
comes off look like it never happened
alright guys you got to give this video
super thumbs up let's try to get this
video to 20,000 likes that's it 20,000
exactly so make sure you like comment
share subscribe and like I always say
we're gonna be back with more videos a
