what's going on everybody today is a
busy day for Catherine and I because we
have a lot of things to do to get ready
for holiday we will be attending tonight
right yes so right now we're gonna go
get our braids done and the darks fake
hair for Oscars gonna have orange I'm
gonna pink and you guys have just have
to wait and see what we're gonna be
because you guys if you watch our last
video you will see that we were
skeletons those like that bride and
groom yeah a dead bride and groom like
said if you haven't seen the vlog our
last vlog when she watches you kind of
understand this vlog because we're going
all out for Halloween this year
Catherine and I have never done anything
for a Halloween until this year so we
decided that we're going to be you know
we're gonna do two different costumes
like I said we already did one so now
today we're going to be doing another
one for the party tonight
no princess won't be going because
she'll be at home with Grandpa she'll be
spending at Grandpa's house we might
leave the party early if she's acting
crazy but it's all good because this is
our we believe early and go home exactly
so yeah we're about to get ready to go
in here get our hair braided and then
we'll be moving on to the next thing we
have to do and so how about you guys go
and get ready and get ready to attend
the party with us tonight all right
that's what you guys can do go get ready
let's all turn out tonight hi guys so we
just got our braids done
so now we're going to go do our makeup
like our Halloween makeup but I'm going
to do my eyelashes by Erica and see this
is a braid
so make sure you guys keep watching so
you can see what we got next
I feel like my Florida is a huge hit
I always tell I love when she has braids
on for some reason I like younger I mean
I love her all the time I love her I
think she's the most beautiful in the
world when she doesn't have brains but
for some reason just hard with her
braids just gives a different touch
different failed to her I love it yeah
so we got to go inside get a makeup done
like said we got some elbow it's doing
here we got something else in store for
you guys other than the skeleton face we
got something else so make sure you keep
watching stay tuned it's raining it's
actually the first time it's rained and
Los Angeles in like months
so this is where we're going they're
actually opening up for us today it's
Sunday just to do your makeup up look
like their usual other eating can they
see yeah there you go
Austin's dad and his stepmom they own
this place by the way so if you guys
want to come here to get your nails done
or your eyelashes or they do this thing
it's like what's that call that fries
thing oh the fat there's a fries thing
hi you're being fat love you love you
you guys like you guys look cool yeah hi
oh my gosh I think you like it consume
you Mustang guys so cute baby thank you
watching football you like your new toy
and also here you got a list you like
the cutest we got your new toy papa
gotcha
she's in huge you're ready to get out
you look so beautiful you're doing
chillin with Grandpa huh you're chillin
with Grandpa hi Daddy
gonna get a pedicure you gonna get a
pedicure huh
getting a mani-pedi my mommy and daddy
gets their makeup done you gonna do a
pedicure and I'm excited to see what you
ever saw
I'm excited too I told her I don't want
nothing too scary I still want to look
attractive what me Angie was saying
something about video guys I'm first
I can't wait to guys see what I'm going
to be all I know it will be beautiful
because this woman right here is in our
teeth
yeah alright guys so comfortable like
I'm going first my makeup as you can see
while Katherine gets her eyelashes done
and she'll be next going into the bottle
you're still I would add the hug yeah
okay you know I don't think that the two
should go
but you guys think so far are you guys
ready to see what I look like
so bright she made it look like I'm
crying the detail is crazy I can show
you recording I feel your problems of
course I had to get the eyelashes
I also heard it how many eyelashes do
you think are on her eyes like my
eyelashes or the boots on mom and you
said maybe why eyelashes walk free
collages no wonder they look so gorgeous
Queen just got her eyelashes done as you
can see beautiful beautiful wait let me
see you put them down
hey guys so I just finished my makeup so
I'm going to touch up a little bit later
so I see the end we're gonna go home now
I'll show you
um we do this there you go thank them so
there it is looks so good
my teeth look so I can win it oh my
teeth look so we're on the way to the
house right now to get ready for the
party and we're gonna take you guys with
us okay so I hope you guys are ready
dressed up in your costumes and you're
going to go to the party with us and
enjoy I'm gonna turn up
what's up oh haha
so right now Catherine and I are getting
ready for the partay that will be
attending and like I said before I hope
you guys are getting ready as well
because you guys are coming with us
would you don't live it I'm just
perfecting more what I'll show him the
look to my scary right now but love it I
love the look come come with me hmm hi
guys we're in a rush actually in Russia
now because I have to go pump and feet
out and I have to make sure she's a
favor for the date because otherwise
I'll be so stressed out
okay like I said we're a rush so um
we're gonna come back and join you guys
when we get the car by but we all hear
my it's a family thing yeah I think I'm
eyelash masher got my ride-or-die with
me I got my cousin's in the back
Alexis me out here John Clay yeah leer
hey so basically what happened is we
went out and we got there first of all
it took us forever to even get inside
probably like how long what do you think
like 20 minutes 45 45 minutes my time
frame you look good right now so we
finally get inside and Austin's cousin
and her fiance are left outside
so basically we're like waiting at the
gate for like 40 minutes or so like
waiting for them to get inside yeah
we're by the way we're inside right
we're just waiting
we're like Tecna rush the rock we're not
inside we're just like waiting at the
gate for that yeah waiting for crew to
get in so we're literally just neither
party just inside just waiting that's a
whole new bro all right I'll just hold
it so anyways so we're waiting for them
and everyone's trying to get through the
gate but no one can get through the gate
so we're just like waiting there for
like the longest time and this lady she
kept coming up to us and she's like go
inside guys like what are you waiting
out here for like go like go go and like
she's basically telling us to go into
the party we're like we're not going
inside without the rest of our crew yes
waiting so we finally go inside just to
see like what's going on like I don't
know we just wanted to go see like what
it looks like so go get a water at the
bar a water people we've got a water
bottle and we go and well we don't want
to talk badly about it just wasn't for
us it wasn't for us and so we since our
crew couldn't get in like we got in we
decided to depart so we decided we're
going
leave and so it took us forever to even
leave because like they weren't even
opening up the gate so we couldn't even
leave so then we were getting really
stressed out yeah absolutely
Wow my cousin was waiting there with her
fiance in her head there was a bunch of
people around her in her head she was
thinking so she told us later all like
is this other shuttle she thought there
was a shuttle like she thought that like
you go through the gate and then you
have to shuttle then you go to the party
little did she know that was the party
doesn't party really totally sodas
literally we just left them cuz he just
drove back down to pick up our little
princess and we're here now and Palmdale
about to go to sleep
but yeah she just told us like 30
minutes ago that she's like guys I
thought that was a place we get picked
up by the shuttle
she wasn't gone much either oh yeah she
has a six-year-old so none of us go out
or ever pennyways so we decided to go to
Denny's so we went to Denny's we went
home to go drop them off so they can get
their car and then we just drove like we
drove an hour back to Palmdale yeah and
we just got here in it and we're hoping
princess isn't really hoping persistent
here sleep because cath and I'll never
leave her this is the first night that
she is not in our bed and so we're
hoping we go in here and she's still
sleep but if not it's all bad we got to
put her on the boob right away all right
guys I got to wash my face right away I
have to like no no wait and our Kirk oh
by the way our curfew is between 10:00
and 11:00 o'clock every night and so
right now like this is like beyond like
this is addiction and not to mention
I'll wakes up pretty early so she's just
gonna wake up and just write she's gonna
wake up and freak out
no she does a freak out I'm saying like
if she wakes up and realizes we're not
next to her she might in Coker oh yeah
yeah I know but in the mornings when she
wakes up she just smiles and just waits
for us to wake up
good baby uh-huh so so I'm sorry we
couldn't bring you guys with us
we were about working the Cameron but we
didn't realize that but you guys will be
joining us for um Halloween
trick-or-treating I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog um I was hoping we were
gonna get a bunch of party stuff for you
guys but it didn't work out that way all
good and um I hope you guys liked our
face makeup
um braids done by the talented Joey
Josie Josie sorry Josie she's very
talented this girl's only 19 years old
and she does braids literally in like 20
minutes pretty impressive but yeah like
I said I hope you guys enjoyed make sure
you like comment subscribe and also also
click the bell button makes the
subscribe button that's something new so
make sure you get hit to that and click
that and like I always say we will be
back with more vlogs there yeah
so we're here at the mall and we're
about to go trick-or-treating elves
first Halloween she's five months old
yes and I guess my dad said this is my
first time when I went trick-or-treating
was here at the same mall and I didn't
even know the mall gave out candy until
he said something so we're here now we
literally did him I got a pillow case
right here teaching her a young age to
get all the candy all right oh my god
there's little oh my god there's so many
kids o-m-g kids are literally walking
around and stopping at every store oh my
god this is a live such a life story so
we just like jump in kathan I got to
sleep in this morning
but we're back at it again we're here in
the mall trick-or-treating with ale our
first Halloween
the candy baby culture your candy you're
next in line
hey go good job and back it's like heavy
yeah one piece I was by far the youngest
baby in this mall trick-or-treating
just came out the wall yesterday ng oh
my goodness thank you
take it
all right guys it was quite an
experience and it was fun watching ale
trick or treat for the first time and as
you can see we got lots of candy we went
to the mall to get five pieces of candy
this is this is unreal and it's not even
the good kind
wow I even though these are kind of
fired oh these are fire they can zoom oh
there we go these are fire these are
these are fire and now we're home how
was your first time I can't have a trick
or treating how was your first time -
Katrine princess what what alright guys
forget the sugar treat I'm all about
trying to scare people so what imma do
is for the kids who come over to the
house to check or treat I'm going to
scare them not sure if it's a scary or
not but it will get the job done so
whoever comes to the house to
trick-or-treat I got a surprise for you
hey Darren you trying to help me scare
some little kids home bro you don't
record for me while I hide in the bushes
okay hit the photo stop hey no stop hey
don't stop hey when I'm in a dress with
a little never hey bring him in on it
