what's going on guys so today Katherine
and I are getting our makeup done for a
Halloween costume as you can see our
makeup artist BRE you all right I'm Yuri
Yuri she's super dope Instagram is Yuri
Jamaica your eg makeup so for those who
are into that makeup Halloween costume
look need to hit her up and so yeah
we're getting ready we're going to shoot
a dope video later on so Katherine's
getting hers on right now she's doing
like the bottom half of her face and
then I'm going to do like the side half
of my face and we also have our costumes
over here
what are you saying here
drink your water you're dehydrated
you're dehydrated what like a little
scar
all right guys so you're just finished
my makeup and I need love do a b-list I
need to do my eyelashes next and just
like a little bit on my eyes and
everything is pretty much done and I'll
probably just like fix my hair up a
little bit make it wavy and yeah that's
pretty much it
what do you think he's perfect my turn
yeah she looks scary
she likes you like that how do you love
you she loves me unconditionally
Mama's more beautiful like that
conditioner alright guys my turn oh my
dear what give me this now I'm excited
to see oh well she got in store for me
cuz I know mines can be better than
Catherine's even Oh Catherine
all right guys it's basically done it
looks amazing Devon thank you did you
like personality change Alton hmm
no I'm just I feel like I can't talk
because it's gonna mess it up no no no
it's not oh I don't want to talk no I'm
gonna mess it up I love you mu all day
like that is nothing like with this this
type of look you can't even talk he
pulls me mu anyway ha I guess I'm so
funny
it's like Dan you thinking this is
seriously we're gonna personality J
that's crazy like the first time I ever
had a Halloween costume me too baby
literally it was raining she's giving me
a little scar on my face to make me I
mean I don't like my body back you know
why are you so cute
I'll just learn how to turn over right
Bubba
so cute
just so lovely even though I look like
this
alright guys this is a process for the
blood process for the blood
looks like we brought up
this is Elle's dress all bloody
princesses dress Queens dress and then
my t-shirt
hey guys so we're almost done with the
makeup in the costume so stay tuned and
keep watching and we're going to see
and
I'll be shooting a little mini movie at
the end that you'll be able to watch in
another video yeah you guys go to watch
first before we put on Instagram so keep
watching and stay tuned alright guys so
meanwhile we had to make a quick stop at
the mall to take these clothes back and
some shoes back and some goodies back
I'm just playing but we had to make a
quick stop them all before you shoot our
video
so we're out here at the mall with our
faces done people gonna be staring but
it's okay no it's okay we go here we go
here we go ready better let's do this
who looks scary
so we really don't care that were wrong
everybody's staring but we're still
being ourselves
just got done wrapping up our Halloween
movie our boy Fred killed it again it's
crazy as you can see right now show you
a pretty low preview oh that's it but if
you keep watching the whole movies will
pop up right now
food
