what's up guys welcome to our YouTube
channel I know a lot of you guys have
been asking for me to do Catherine's
makeup since she did mine a while bill
so this should be very interesting um
I'm a fan even though you don't need
make-up I know she doesn't need makeup
she's beautiful as she is anyways
wait so alright so let's let me I'm just
like alright let's get to it first we
will start with the this when this is
called this : okay concealer we're going
to start with concealer this is for
underneath every one of these items here
creates beauty
well if you guys are wondering where
princess is she's right here next to us
and she just woke up from a nap now
step two and if too much going on in
fuck you guys can only have like two
steps foundation okay and it's just a
one brush for everything yeah let's go
through this brush okay that's nice
alright then
and this goes once you hear one stroke
here and one stroke
the artwork you know that can build a
squaddie stand know how to draw so I
like this is similar you used to not a
job I used to yeah okay
they are armed like dressing important
and ladies please make sure you get by
the ear because for some reason you guys
don't match the face with the neck in
the area this is two different shades so
make sure you you cover that please that
is very irritating to see as a man do
you see like a difference and it's
making because you do it's very good
I'll make a - done my makeup I feel like
really okay that's all you need hello
you did a little bit of cheeks here but
if it looks so good I'm like I'm too
washed off
yeah
so what I do just leave it okay let's
put almost the side so I know what I at
least used so step three is
the Studio Fix Omak
the powder cream it looks like like
brown sugar I think this is the rust you
just go with it
so this right here too much she just
woke up people so don't mind her
hairstyle
oh the bald spot no let's get a handbag
all right so like I was saying before
I'm not too sure if this is doing lunch
but I'm glad to keep running oh please
check sometimes step 4 let's let's do
this clean okay so this is what we have
to what do I owe
okay
did you have like give it a little bit
tension to a pop stop you don't need
anything else
no I do you don't okay some serious
steps ahead so step four we own Step
five
it's a five let's go with the eye shadow
well you look at it that even if and
this is called the matte bronzer I'm not
sure how much I should use but we're
gonna go up is always more you hear that
ladies less is more you don't need too
much the more natural you can look the
better you know well for me that's what
I like I like more natural matte and
everyone that's not going to look at
know because you're gonna look at
everyone everyone is beautiful in the
wrong way I take a look at it if you
feel you need a lot of makeup don't feel
that way because you're beautiful oh
holy mackerel
it's my own technique okay don't don't
mind me you just created this technique
Oh feels good
Wow Wow I wish I could do that every
time
okay put this to the side alright so
let's do the eyebrows next okay this one
looks like dark chocolate and this one
is more on chocolate so let's do this
yeah
eyeliner that's a good thing is it cuz
black then no would what you just put
that in there what this is this is not
that's this bullying that's the brush
yeah that's right so I'm trying to be
but not but so much you stun you a
little bit on it you do not need any of
that on there husband but can you let me
do my bit okay sorry I just saw you
putting a spoolie into them you guys are
very excited to see final touches of my
creation
honestly this is the hardest part
feel like I said no more natural and
it's not like natural fit but that's
what I'm saying
you don't really need this bro I do
though cuz yours when you know how to do
it right it looks good well maybe I
don't apply this because I can make you
look good without it
do you know looks like you got a brownie
yeah I'm brown you got a Reese's Cup I'm
showing too much you know given that
you like that stuff I love this stuff
yeah please and eyes my ears sometimes I
wish I can just put just foundation okay
no that's it I'm good I look so white no
no no like white hell no and it won't
give me any definition with face it
won't make my feature set all right well
we gotta take a little upgrade quick
intermission are you gonna be okay now
huh
no more crying let's how you princesses
don't cry right so let me Oh Eddie sure
diver okay cheep-cheep oopsies he poops
you on camera
step 6 well I lost I lost track let's do
the lip line now this is hard to do
because your lips are so fun
catholic lipstick offer
back to the lip Ilana let me ask you a
question so to not make it as tale so I
use I use this way oh hey Liz on the
couch playing with herself this is what
she's doing now let's do it we are
almost finished can you please show them
one more time in that beautiful face of
luck mm-hmm I'll show another side okay
so now let's do the eyelashes let's make
them world clump right rule clump we're
gonna be these boys I'm very scared
because what makes sense
makes no no swimming no this way this is
what makes you guys think so far no
don't on the side sees a flat profile
good and give a little bland so close
what do you guys think
take a look show them from the face look
look at the camera look into the camera
okay not bad not bad
oh gosh we gotta get elegant okay that's
stuff that makes your eyelashes dark let
me see
like it's a run oh here it is this
beautiful stuff right here the roller
lash Wow I love it it's like a little
bit I love making you look at beautiful
as fun and I wish to get as a compliment
or not you know it looks like I'll show
them that I real quick please the left
eye guys that is something special now
the finishing touches be okay question
let me let me do me do I look like I
don't look someone better daddy feel so
not one sec one second when stuff it's
your opinion so my opinion is I think I
did a great job and you're beautiful
regardless even if I'm she alright
that's my opinion you have lipstick on
what does that thing you put on my lip
that make the look like Vince Bell the
highlighter like I look like I got a
glazed on at the moment
alright
like Lucy Wow
maybe it makes a difference Wow yes it
makes a difference what are you saying
uh-huh
okay you guys ready to see final touches
okay everyone here we go so show them
wait I want to see it first no no you
have to show them first yeah you're real
close here's a good like right here
there you go
mmm mmm what do you guys think I did how
good do a good job pretty decent
ohh oh my god orange no room appeared to
my neck what I didn't complete it that's
not bad though it looks really good
though that's not bad first time ever
doing anyone's makeup that's not bad no
it's good
alright anyways if you guys liked what I
did
make sure you like comment share and
subscribe and stay tuned for more videos
you are beautiful I believe your job oh
did I mean good job you did my forehead
look you guys think I did a good job for
a boy that's kind of shiny comment how
good either guy did from a scale one to
ten all right
that's not very good
you can go out like that go get a strip
older like that see if anybody said
anything
