hey guys welcome to our YouTube channel
this is our first Q&A you guys send us a
bunch of questions that we picked out
and say hello my toes are showing okay
no it's your up okay
no one see my toes Oh question number
one where are you guys from
wait no crime princesses don't know I'm
from Montreal Canada as wineries there
and Austin is Palmdale California
California how did you guys meet
well like that story short yeah I met
her at the zoo okay she was at the zoo
and I saw this lost girl she looked very
lost and she was looking at elephants
come to find out that was her favorite
animal so I approached her you know gave
it a little look to see if she looked
back and she did and we did it off from
there and ever since then to her grandma
was an elephant
my good luck charms alright so okay so
real story is I went to Los Angeles and
I was working here
no.2 for about a year and I've known
awesome we've known each other for for
quite some time other couple years but
we never actually like hung out or
anyway with this no cord and so we both
went to this party we just happen to be
that at the same time and I and you know
she was there now following me like oh
my god cake timeout time okay so yeah um
so we're at a party so we were at a
party and I understand me down it was
really awkward so I had approached her
to right now
no so okay can we start over so we ran
into each other at a party and we had
officially met and Austin was about
there by himself and I was like why is
this guy by himself he's just walking
around by himself
oh don't and so and I'm like I was like
wondering like for some reason I was
like wondering like who like what he was
doing or who he was with okay and um I
ended up leaving early and
well days later he messaged days later
yes
months hey a month later is that no
looks no so then he hit me up and he
liked asking some questions and it's
like I don't even remember what the
question ok so then um two sizes no
there is one side there's so then like
for some reason a couple months later I
was like oh let me just respond because
like I don't know it isn't just respond
something is something told me to
respond I don't know what it was like
God told me hear something so then um I
responded and he was like I think did
you ask me out or something you're like
oh do you want to go to oh no I know you
were like do you wanna go see my we want
to go to dinner yeah okay so then he um
he asked me to dinner or not from what
she told me she usually doesn't go on
dates yeah so yeah I wish I reason I'm
sorry I go where's Ian I don't go and
Dana's anything but something told me to
go on a date with and like I don't know
what it is like I had this like weird
feeling that the universe is just
telling me to go on a date so then um he
texts me that day that we were supposed
to go and I was like dreading like the
whole week that he would text me because
I didn't really know
like I said I'm like nervous person so
then um he text me he text me and he was
like do you like sushi and I I said no
because I don't like sushi he's like oh
we I mean a date at Nobu you told me
that yes and you were like I gotta show
you there after we take you it I don't
know I was always wondering why okay
okay so then we went to Nobu the dinner
the date was great he was shy I was yes
I was like why he cyz being so shy honey
sunshine
okay so then took her home I didn't hear
from her for like three or four days so
now I was like damn
maybe she you know wasn't filling me or
whatever so then I decided hair up after
like third fourth day see how she was
going we talked for a little bit and
then a week went by and she invited me
Heike oh yeah yeah she might be hiking
to a hiking banana I was actually like
my first hike so I was kind of hi
what's our biggest pet peeves about each
other first
so my biggest pet peeve of Austin I
don't really have any problems with you
like I don't like nothing bothers me
really good thing honestly - but what is
hey hey is Austin uses like 50 paper
towels just for like the simple as a
little boy like you like make something
to eat
and bring like but like a whole roll and
I'm like why are you bringing the whole
world like you only need half of one
okay watch pet peeve I don't know never
told me she is the most stubborn person
I've ever met I'm stubborn asking I know
hardest to get this girl to tell tell me
sorry I don't think she's ever told me
sorry not now what what oh you should
ever it's so hard for her I don't know
if I'll be able to get it but you know
what if you're suffering - you know I'm
mistakes are either but I've changed for
you nobody's still don't say sorry
takes a lot that's all of us go to death
because I've definitely changed my ways
and when you change certain things in
life that's how you know you
Oh actually I got another one I'm not
that P but something that like irritates
me and it bothers me I don't know why
but it does is the fact that she is the
lightest sleeper in the world like she
wakes up oh happy that you can I choke
it bugs me so much that in the middle of
night I like put my leg like honor to
like cuddle and she'll wake up be like
what are you doing like day I can't come
ok and then so my other pet peeve that I
completely forgot about is Austin is
like what's the opposite of lightest
sleeper baby's heaviest sleeper in the
world like I'll go to wake him up and
he'll like wake up but he won't ever
remember you woke up and like I'll be
like comes days comes she'll be like oh
oh oh yeah I gotta sleep come to bed and
he was like does it deliver does it like
this better like you did what was your
reaction when you found out you were
pregnant found out we were pregnant at
the very same second so it wasn't like
oh I want to tell him because
right next to me but you wanna tell them
okay so those are my brother's birthday
which is kind of weird but back so we're
at it it wasn't we're like why did we
find out what was birthday it was a it
was a red moon that's weird - if you
gotta know what red moon it to me yeah
anyways look look um so we're at dinner
and I was actually in town from from
school oh my god you guys I'm sorry I
was in town I was in town for school
okay so let's listen okay so me I'm
always shiny to spice things up have
surprises whatever you want to call it
and so I came home probably for like two
or three days and so I decided from home
this weekend because of my brother's
birthday and I want to surprise her so
like I said I took a flight here I
landed late at night laying around like
10:00 I no idea he told me you is one of
Tampa yeah so I originally told her I
was gonna Tampa but I was really coming
to LA I landed around 10 11 o'clock my
nan she was already asleep she fall
asleep like nine ten o'clock she's a
lady
anyways um so I didn't tell her I showed
up at our house
so when I get to her house I open the
door
I like yelling I got like a strange boy
yelling yeah I was like
we had it stalker there's like bums
around our house so I was scared that is
a bum so so I keep you know play was
right knocking on my window no no no I
keep like trying to scare right and I'm
like what the heck like what is she
doing my way instead of doing it I was
like why is she not coming to the door
right is that many of you thought yeah
no no not not really but after a while I
was like I was the extra door for like
an hour's is banging I was like
eventually you would thought of the game
of yeah but I was like it's the night I
had to scare for some reason I'm funny
but listen you couldn't have thought
there was a guy because I was texting
you and you're supposedly on the plane
with Wi-Fi and I was like there's
someone not me on my dorms yeah I didn't
talk to you like an hour because I was
busy trying to scare me all right so
listen so like I said I was there for
like an hour
banging on her door to understeer
finally she came to the door it was she
was like a whole Haiti my the right
house I keep saying I did it like
there's my story with as if I was a guy
so I keep banging not like holy
well you want to keep scarier that is
the laws yeah
so--but I keep saying like let me let me
in
keep trying to scare so she's like so
then finally even so finally finally up
I went to a window with big of her
window - right eventually I'm like yo
she has to know it's me like no one else
plays like there's other than me later
she calls me right doesn't know like if
I'm on the plane or off the plane
whatever she called it she's like Boston
she's like someone keeps banging on my
door know who it is I'm scared like do I
call the cops what I do I'm like don't
worry about it babe like just go like
this you're like don't complicado call
god
tell me not the kaga obviously I'll do
that's gonna have to do someone's trying
to get into my lid and I was alone so I
was even more scared right so then I
gave up told her it was me so I let she
left me and she's mad I felt life isn't
that movie that she liked the call with
um with it Halle Berry great I felt like
I was that girl
she was so mad she like almost they want
to talk to me where she's like yeah no
you serious
so that was the night before like I said
we had dinner um for some reason I was
like good feeling that she could
possibly be pregnant
oh my go we should definitely go well
I'd like you to try hunch like like so
earlier we had lunch and his friend just
had a baby
oh yeah just had a kid so we were like
oh like what would we name our baby we
had one like we were just like oh we're
talking we're talking as if like we're
like try that kids yeah and so then yes
we were putting out there in existence
and not little did we now I already had
one right so like I said we went to go
get to the test right the pregnancy test
so then we went home and and she was
okay I'll be right back she went to the
restroom
I was sitting there sitting on the floor
like whole continent okay so then I bet
ten minutes go by
no not ten minutes yes second just she's
like awesome he's like what does that
mean I'm like what like look I was like
there's two there's two blunts but the
thing is is that as soon as I peed on it
it turned blue it wasn't like oh let me
put it to the side I'll look it over
how they do movies no I literally as
soon as I had a little droplet on it it
turned blue like two lines so I was like
wait Oda these things could be wrong
sometimes so I was like let me try to
pee on it peed on it
weapon and it just did it nothing here
like it was his way no they like having
a little hazard in here and I was like
wait so then she came over it and it
turned blue again again and that's how I
was like it's for sure so then and I
might have taken another one or
something knows also and then we got all
excited so the probably start laughing
Lucroy yeah we did like a lot of
sapphires to end then full of joy we
didn't cry maybe let me laugh right here
I think
no no so then the next day I took a
digital one and then yeah I was official
how many kids do we want I want either
one or two more it was good - okay well
let me say this
well it's not this I thought he told me
that I was gonna half of three when I
was like ten years old and she told me
that I was going to meet Austin and I
didn't know I'd ever words he just text
me I didn't I didn't know afterwards
like after I met Austin and after
everything happened in our life
realizing that the psychic was right
about everything she said and I
completely forgot until everything
actually happened and so yeah she said
it wasn't a threesome and like I was
gonna say we're not stopping until I
have a little mini-me little boy okay
it's that cool yeah and we already have
a name for him if that's the case I
picked his name I also picked elves name
oh that was another question that you
guys had was how do we pick elves name
and I'm saying
historically not really so when I was
like 16 I was like watching this show
like my favorite TV show
One Tree Hill and I don't know if I was
like looking at the magazine Elle or
something something came about where I
thought of the name L and I'm and I was
like I was like oh if I ever have a
daughter I'll name her Elle and then 15
years
ten years down the line I still wanted
to name her
I mean chair a lively because I like the
movie then I picked the last night yeah
when did we know we were the one and who
said I love you first I know just about
this okay the sub you said I love you
first did I say okay you remember yeah I
remember because so like Lewis it was
like during the day and I had just
gotten home from errand and he like met
me at my place
and I was laying in bed and I was like a
little higher than and he was kind of
like lower and he was like laughing
about something when you were like
joking around and he was laughing he
goes I love you and I was like you do
you did I was like no I was like I don't
know I pretended I didn't hear you know
yeah or I saw you know what we said I
said you did look at her
I don't know I don't remember what I
said I didn't I was like scared to say
it back cuz I don't know if he was like
saying that because he was like I like
playful I love you but or it was serious
I don't know what to say
so you said it a couple days later and I
said it back I won would we know we were
we're holding hands like music I'm sure
looks weird on camera under the lumière
now from day one yeah right so this
Hydra was one so when he took me on our
first day we were he like came and like
he opened the door for me and I was like
all why is he trying to impress me or is
this how he really is or this how he's
everyone was like kind of like take it
back and then he always opened doors for
me like he's open doors for me since day
one like I've never opened the door so
like one day I thought about that and I
realize like oh I don't know like not
the reason that you're the one but like
I think I was different yeah as support
fellows always open the door for your
lady and we're your mom and he makes me
laugh every day and I always my mom
always said whoever you end up with is
someone who's going to make you laugh
every day because you'll never get
boring on the
many tattoos do we have up 350 I got
three big like this is not one tattoo
this is like touch it's funny but I
think I'm done though
y'all need any more tattoos after ales
name unless we have another kid then
I'll get their name okay I don't have it
is that getting stay like that baby
you're so cute what do we plan on doing
career-wise um some of you may know I
play basketball and we are going
overseas next month
we don't know where somewhere in you're
sure yeah we're but that's what we're
headed and we're excited to find out in
a couple days
yes so I've been working my whole life
I've always had a job to those like 16
and I didn't go to college I moved to
China after high school and
I was there for quite some time and I
came back and went straight to work I
went to Miami and I managed a venue and
I worked on it at a hedge fund and I've
done like so many different things but
my goal career-wise is to have my own
gym wear line so I was starting to do
that before L and then obviously like
everything happened so I stopped but
stay tuned
you ready yeah so like this come buddies
so I met men - no yes if that's more
tights - okay yes what's your biggest
fear for L knowing how horrible and
corrupted this world is getting one of
my biggest fears is bullying and like
having her in school having her start
school because when I was younger I was
bullied like I always had like Mean
Girls say Vegas with me on haters since
I was elected you're just kindergarten
literally so that's why I have such
tough skin because Gators don't hate
bullies don't bully right yeah so that's
one of my biggest fears but I'm not
really worried because she has me she
has Austin so she's going to learn
not pay attention to mean people and and
have tough skin so that's one of my
fears and
I mean I do but she's too young right
now everybody I think yeah everybody
should know my fear of triking men up
there so that's the worry about that
that's all the questions right I'll be
having good said well that that ends our
Q&A everyone like and subscribe below
and also go to our instagrams and our
last post make sure you comment letting
us know if you like it or give us
suggestions all right if you've even
watched it because you don't know how
this is going to do we've never done one
of these yeah and if we really like it
we're going to continue and stay tuned
for more blogs I love you I love you I
love you Oh
