someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
hi Tess your limit
let's top incredible most there I can
see I'm sure in hey bro-bro what I need
your help what just come come on let's
go
what sit right here I need your Chinese
expertise I'll tell you later
hello how are you
where are your ankle braces yes okay
yeah I need your best ankle braces
because he's gonna yeah I'm gonna need
your best ankle braces because he's
gonna need a the most support he can get
he's the only ones you have anything
that look those look good though yeah
okay thank you so much you think you
think this is the best one it looks like
it's the best one it does have a sonic I
think these will do he's gonna
definitely need these are over here
where let's go girls where are my girls
Catherine L where are you guys are you
guys trying to hide from dad dad yeah
you gave it away
wow you and mama cleaned your room it
looks nice al where's your horse good
job where's your slide good where's your
tent good
where's your kitchen where's mommy
good job the teddy bear good yeah
where's the piano piano where's your
piano we're good I know every parent
calls their kids smart but ale is a baby
genius I'll keep that a high five give
that a high five
hey yes my girl you want a caterpillar
ride okay pull it down you got muscles
pull it rip it get a girl good good job
thank you ready huh what you about to
get on what are you doing
you landed help yourself
Oh you ready all right here we go hold
on okay you supposed to wait you're
supposed to sit back by the tail scoot
that way you wanted to by the head you
want to be up here okay here we go here
we go how will we scoot that way so it's
easier for dentists oh we go that's
better now you go faster
look oh we got to turn around you ready
you ready to go fast fast huh what what
you want to go again that's tired okay
okay
are you sure you want to go again yeah
aren't you tired yeah let's go hold on
you hold on okay here we go
you so cute live it here we go wait
we're mama go say hi mama okay all right
guys so a lot of you have been asking us
to give you an update on our agenda
review and to be honest the results
haven't came in just yet but Kylie
should begin a call today or tomorrow so
yesterday what I did was I actually
called it doctor's office just to make
sure that they're all aware of
everything that's going on because I
don't want them to like accidentally
call us and then tell us a gender-reveal
or like an email or something I don't
want to accidentally see it so I called
them and I explained to them the
situation because not every single
person in the office obviously is going
on so I had them just make sure that
when they do call Kylie that they're
gonna let her know that they're calling
her yeah so now we just have to wait
guys she was really calling to find out
the gender she's here she'll be sneaking
and find out before Kylie no I feel like
it wouldn't be fun and we just found out
guess what guys I know what it is if
anyone knows what it is me so you admit
no boob oh my mother I should know like
I'm feeling
about certain things do you know what it
is is it a boy or girl give me kiss so
makes you guys stay tuned for that it's
gonna be a huge moment for all of us
all right girl I think it's time we hit
the gym I'm dreading it today listen did
you be ready you ready huh and as you
all know I'm supposed to be getting
ready for my basketball event even
though you know I'm already ready and
according to my doctor I'm supposed to
be walking 30 to 40 minutes per day at
least four days a week that's easy you
got it baby you got it let's do it you
guys ready you ready L ready to work out
you go to your abs write your crunches
walk on a treadmill lift the weights
let's do it
gimme some let's do it
all right I don't know what the hell
they doing but I guess I'm out to get my
workout in after they've gone with a
foo-foo shit okay
what the hell is going on here what the
hell is that rice come I believe that
office can use you Austin bro look who's
outside bro you talking about brothers
there's someone out there look but I
think rice comes out they're like
shooting on your hoop dude have no idea
I don't know you got time today
I don't know you know I want to see you
by this cameraman everything I don't
want to assume cuz I don't know but what
but did you drop that note at my house
sir I did why why I understood the note
you know I mean s the ball first of all
at all my competitors I'm gonna met you
probably the best one okay
we're gonna meet I'm give you love okay
okay but with that being said you're
still trash throw your trash look at
that
that's him that that's not me that's me
that's you right there bro all right
look I need you to take back what you
said in that note take it back in
Chinese take it back you really pull it
up I had to to tell you that I'm ready
is that my ball it was right there hey
hey hey you pulled up on my house you
should know how are you shooting my
court you're shooting on my court room
cut that one out cuz he just stole the
ball from me and I didn't know that he
was about to reach like that I didn't
know he was about to reach like that I'm
serious no as if the cameras are off
back up a little bit back a little bit
are you serious are you dead serious
play me right now you try to play right
now play me right now
nice you played it right now boy I'm
ready doesn't waste of my time
bro I'm ready dog play me right now bro
you're not ready bro all right now come
on put your fucking shoes I didn't know
he was actually down yeah okay okay wait
wait wait wait wait wait I forgot you
need ankle braces first let's get a
bunny can't be doing that I was ready to
play I gave you ankle braces for a
reason you're not wearing I don't need
them I wear long top shoes you juni the
ankle support over here bad she wearing
high-tops
hey go ahead keep practicing yeah so we
bought the player what NATO for
tomorrow's video stay tuned for
tomorrow's video you can't be serious he
says let's take the fortnight series
Catherine you won't believe what is that
guess we just pull up to our house rice
okay so for those who don't know exactly
what's going on right now
I made announcement about two weeks ago
that will be hosting a charity
basketball event
so pretty much I asked all of you for
you guys to pick an opponent for me to
go up against and ever since I made the
announcement you guys kept requesting
rice come over and over again
do they just cuz you play college
basketball you can be every youtuber so
I'm like why you calling us out come on
let's play let's do it right now and
before this incident happened I've been
telling you guys I'm gonna pick my
opponent on April 1st well guess what
things have changed so if you guys
really want to see me go up against rice
gum comment below and stay tuned for
tomorrow's video because I'm gonna be
picking my opponents one for the
three-point contest and one obviously
for the one-on-one competition and you
guys will know who will be hosting it
along with where and when to purchase
your tickets no more April 1st I will be
picking my opponent tomorrow March 31st
I think right here is a good time to
close out of here
so before we close out today's video we
do have to give our pulse on occasion
today shout out to you girls thank you
so much for being part of the ACE family
whoever else I can pull some in case you
shadow all you do is subscribe to the
ACE family hit that subscribe button
turn on our post notifications hit that
Bell button once you do those two things
all you got to do is comment done so
obviously if you liked today's video
you've got to give it a thumbs up give
it a thumbs up or today's comedian out
there so like comment share and
subscribe and like me in my beautiful
thing right now we'll be back with more
videos peace LOUIE LOUIE LOUIE March
31st
